
Nightmare Child
Anthony Jondreau

Copyright © 2014 Anthony Jondreau All rights reserved
ISBN-13: 978-1499344813
ISBN-10: 1499344813

Nightmare Child
Published by Anthony Jondreau at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 Anthony Jondreau

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Special thanks to Joe Jondreau for his help in editing and his support. And to my family.


Nightmare Child

Introduction
Dreams can be incredible things. When you’re asleep, your mind’s creative juices flow in a way they simply can’t when you’re awake. One night you’re in Fiji, enjoying drinks on the beach in the company of girls you can only, well, dream of. The next night you’re executing a bank heist with your newfound ability to go invisible. The things your mind creates can be incredible, beautiful and sometimes so preposterous that you can’t help but be amazed. Things beyond the realm of logic or reality, beyond the capabilities of rational thought. But your mind is like a cat: calm one moment, scared of its tail the next. It’s unpredictable, and sometimes it doesn’t have the greatest thoughts running through it. When it doesn’t, these negative thoughts dictate the wonderful image-shaping abilities of dreams and you wake up screaming, wondering why you’re no longer running down the stairs of your burning apartment complex while being chased by a guy in a Scream mask. Everyone’s had nightmares. But no matter how horrifying they are, the good thing about nightmares is that they’re all in your head. They’re over when you wake up, no matter how convincing they are. This is the story of Mike Goddard’s nightmare, and this nightmare doesn’t end when he wakes up.

Chapter 1
The last 15 minutes of work on Friday are the best and longest of the entire week. On one hand, it’s the weekend in less time than it takes to bake a pizza. On the other hand, staring at a clock for 900 seconds is tedious. If you don’t think so, try counting to 900. This was Mike Goddard’s dilemma. What the heck to do from 4:45–5:00? Then his phone rang.
“Hello?”
“Hey, Mike, it’s Terry,” said the voice on the other line. “Do you want to hit up the bars after work?”
“Yeah dude, that sounds like a plan. Do you want to meet me in the parking lot?” Mike replied.
“Sure, I’ll be there as soon as I’m off,” Terry answered. “Awesome. Oh, I have to go, Frost is on his way.”
With a practiced precision, Mike ended the conversation with his former college roommate and let the phone fall under his desk. While Mike couldn’t see anything from his small, depressing cubicle, he was able to hear when his boss was making his rounds. A man as unfriendly as his name would suggest, Steven Frost’s white goatee combined with a head that shone like silver did nothing to convince anyone otherwise. And with ten minutes left in the week, he was, of course, doing his best to dole out busywork.
“Smith, I want these insurance forms alphabetized before you leave,” a job Marcus would be lucky to complete by 5:30.
“Larkam, I need you to...”
Mike didn’t want to hear it. This type of crap happened all too often. Quickly, he pulled up a spreadsheet on his computer, whipped out a calculator and started “crunching numbers.” He heard Frost approaching his cubicle, the farthest away from his boss’ office. With five minutes left in the workday, he hoped Frost bought his charade.
“What are you doing Goddard?”
“Just confirming some things on our finances this quarter,” Mike replied, not looking up from his “work.”
Frost glared at the back of Mike’s head. He didn’t like being bullshitted, and as a bullshitter, he was good at knowing when he was being bullshitted. But he wasn’t perfect at it, and Mike knew it. Resisting the urge to look back, and ignoring the very obvious feeling of being glared at, he continued to punch random numbers into his calculator, hoping that Frost would buy it. He was akin to the Incredible Hulk: you wouldn’t like him when he was angry. Please just let me go home, Mike pleaded in his head.
“Let me know if you find anything interesting,” Frost said and went back to his office.
Mike’s relief was almost palpable. If he wasn’t looking forward to the bar fifteen minutes ago, he sure as hell was now. His recreation time had been steadily declining since he’d finished college three years ago and was introduced to the real world. Today, he needed some. Finally, the clock hit five. Mike was up and out like a dog at the dinner bell. The office door slammed before anyone had any idea he had left. Freedom at last.
-
Terry Green was approaching the office parking lot as Mike got to his car. Friends since college, Terry worked at Jackson and Kailua Law Firms, just a few blocks away from Mike’s office as an accountant with a Fortune 500 company. On more than one occasion, it had been Terry himself defending Mike’s company.
“Hey, Mike!” Terry called.
He looked up as he unlocked the driver’s side door, not having seen his friend. “Dude, what’s up? You have no idea how happy I am to see you. I avoided extra work by yay much” he yelled, pinching his thumb and forefinger together. “Frost is an ass.”
“So I’ve been told,” he replied with a chuckle. “You have any place in mind? O’Guinn’s has $5 pitchers from six to nine.”
“O’Guinn’s it is,” Mike replied as his eyes lit up. “I need a drink after this week.” As lucky as he’d been today, the week had been a nightmare. Frost had hit him with researching the finances of Grandma’s Cookies. It was a wildly successful business in the ’90s, so much so that Bill Clinton himself went there once. It was the biggest thing to happen to that mom-and-pop store and would have led to unbridled success.
Then, three of his aides and a member of his cabinet got sick. At first they couldn’t figure out what it was, but it was terrible PR. An extensive FBI investigation revealed that the dough company from which the store bought its dough had been sabotaged with E. coli by an inside man. Whether in an attempt on the President’s life or something else, they never found out, but it killed business at the store. Fortunately, only four people were affected because most of the cookies had been made with the previous batch, but both the dough company and the store were shut down, investigated, cleaned, fumigated, their records traced, their information logged, every employee checked, double check, then checked again, and whatever else the government could think to use taxpayer money to do.
Anyway, the business managed to pick back up in the early 2000s, with local dough and much less success, but the PR stain had worn off somewhat and people were migrating back to it. So,
naturally, Frost decided it could be a wise move to buy them out and try and turn more profit. That was what Frost’s entire business life had been built on: buying small companies and making them big. And it had worked well for him. As a result, Mike was at it all week, making phone calls, looking up the archives, projecting profits, late nights and early mornings at the office all week. Yeah, a $5 pitcher of beer sounded really nice.
He got into the driver’s seat as Terry entered the passenger’s side of the black Mazda.
“How’s the Grandma’s Cookie’s research?” Terry asked as they exited the parking lot.
“It’s been like getting kicked in the balls fifteen times a day all week, but I think there’s definitely some potential there. It’s the stigma of the Clinton incident that still presents a challenge, but it looks—” Mike slammed on his breaks as he approached the first intersection leaving work. The light was green.
Chapter 2
“WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?” Terry screamed, having been nearly jerked into the dashboard. “Are you out of your mind?!?!?” 
“Did you NOT see that kid crossing the street against a red light?” Mike replied. “Do you want me to hit him?”
He looked around for a moment, trying to find the boy that he’d almost hit. Then, he looked at Terry, perplexed. There was no sign of him.
“WHAT KID?!? ARE YOU ON DRUGS?!?!?” Terry screamed again.
Mike put his foot back on the gas and got back on his way to O’Guinn’s, flipping on his left turn signal as he approached the next light.
“I swear there was a kid there. Couldn’t have been more than five years old, short black hair. He had a plain white T-shirt and black shorts. He was right there,” Mike explained.
“I didn’t see anything, man. That crosswalk was empty. It’s probably stress, you’ve been working 12-hour days on this project. Let’s get a few drinks in you and relieve some of it.”
Mike made a left turn. Just two blocks, then they’d be at O’Guinn’s. Terry was right, he had been stressed all week; he pushed the incident at the stoplight to the back of his mind.
-
Around two a.m., Terry and Mike stumbled out of O’Guinn’s Pub, having enjoyed their share of $5 pitchers, appetizers and shots. They would have to get the car tomorrow.
“Heyterry, wanna callacav?” Mike slurred. “I’m too drive to drunk.”
Both men burst out in hysterical laughter. Mike, who was still standing by a miracle, tried to catch Terry as his friend’s knees buckled and found that he couldn’t do it, falling as well. After another minute of inebriated laughter, they got their wits about them and stood back up, Terry leaning on the streetlight. They hadn’t gone more than ten feet from the pub, which was the only light source aside from the streetlight.
“Ok, I’ll call a cab,” Terry said. He took out his phone and did his best to dial. A few agonizing minutes later, he was able to reach a cab company and arrange for a pickup in fifteen minutes. It was a small miracle that he had even been able to do that. $5 pitchers were a good way to get really, really wasted. “Ok, Mike, we’re set.”
“Awesome. I’m going to regret all this drinking tomorrow morning. My head is going to—” Mike cut himself off. Standing across the street was that same kid he had almost hit earlier in the day. “Hey Terry. TERRY.”
Terry came-to from his drunken stupor. “Cav ere yet?”
“No man, it’s that kid, he’s across the street.”
Terry squinted, drunk enough that his vision wasn’t the
greatest. “I doan seeitman.”
“Really? He’s right there!” Mike pointed across the street at a closed Kinko’s that was sandwiched between two coffee shops. As if he sensed that he was being looked at, the kid raised his head and made eye contact with Mike. Mike froze at the stare. He didn’t want to look at it, but he didn’t want to look away. The kid had piercing green eyes unlike any Mike had ever seen. It was similar to the radioactive plutonium that Homer Simpson worked with. They even seemed to glow faintly in the darkness. He felt like the kid was boring a hole into his very being with that look, as if he were trying to learn everything he could about Mike by looking through his memories like a movie.
He fruitlessly tried to pry his eyes away from the kid, but staring into those green orbs was like an opiate. It just felt too good to stop.
HOOOOONNNKKK.
The sound startled both Mike, who finally pried his eyes away from the kid, and Terry, who had fallen asleep leaning on the streetlight. The cab had arrived. Had it really been fifteen minutes already? How long had he been staring at that kid? And how long had the cabbie been waiting?
“So, are you getting in?” Asked the cab driver with a heavy Indian accent.
“I’m sorry man, how long have you been waiting?” Mike asked.
“I’ve been waiting for you drunks for over a minute now, just sitting here,” he said, irritated. “Get the hell in the cab or go away.”
“My bad. Terry, get your ass in here.”
“Wha? Are we home already?”
“No, you moron, the cab’s here. Get the hell in.”
Mike and Terry stumbled into the cab. Mike gave the cabbie
instructions to his house—he wasn’t going to bother dropping Terry off until tomorrow—and sat back. Next to him, Terry was rummaging through his pockets and took out a pack of Marlboros.
“Hey!” Yelled the cabbie. “Can’t you Americans read?”
Mike and Terry looked at the sign on the backseat: “No smoking unless you’ve got one for me.” Terry chuckled and resigned himself to having to surrender one of his precious cancer sticks.
“Well played, sir,” Terry handed him a cigarette. “You want one Mike?”
“Why not? Thanks.”
Less than 10 minutes later, they had reached Mike’s house. He dragged a semi-conscious Terry onto his couch and left him there to pass out for the night. Then, Mike grabbed a glass of water and went to his room to do the same.
-
Mike had always had vivid dreams. Throughout his youth he’d often wake up screaming in fear, only to have to convince himself he was no longer dreaming. Other times, he would wake up excited, remembering something awesome, like the ability to fly or having some hot girl at school say she’d go out with him, only to be disappointed by reality. Point was, Mike remembered and experienced his dreams like few people do. And still, the dream he would remember from that night would be the strangest, yet most real, he’d ever experienced. So far.
Chapter 3
Mike was riding in the passenger’s seat of a topless Jeep. The African sun was out and oppressive, with little wind or shade nearby. The temperature was in the triple digits. He looked around at the people in his vehicle. Driving was a black man, no older than 25, who had a vicious scar running down his left cheek, likely an accident from the job. He wore a green T-shirt that identified him as the leader of the safari and a pair of khaki pants and sandals. Behind him were two middle-aged white men, both in what appeared to be beige hunting clothes, that appeared as though they would blend perfectly into the dirt they were driving on.
Looking down, Mike realized that he, too, was wearing one of these uniforms. Then he saw a plethora of rifles sitting in the open trunk of the Jeep. He wasn’t just on safari; they were in fact going big-game hunting. In Africa. Sweet.
As the Jeep pulled past a few trees in the area, the group spotted a grazing rhinoceros just 70 yards away. The driver slowed to a stop.
“Ok, here is the first target of the day. Be careful getting out of the car and setting up, reckless behavior will cause it to charge,” he said in surprisingly good English. He pointed to the scar on his face “You don’t want to deal with a charging rhino.”
One of the men in the back stepped out; the two looked identical with their garb on. He grabbed a scoped rifle, walked about ten feet from the car and dropped to one knee. If Mike hadn’t known the man was there, he probably wouldn’t have seen him: he was indistinguishable from the nondescript landscape. Mike took out his binoculars, as did the other two in the vehicle, and focused on the rhino to get a better view of the effects of the shot.
For another 20 seconds, nothing happened, the man doing his best to line up the perfect shot.
BANG
Through his binoculars, Mike saw a big chunk of the rhino’s head go flying, revealing brain matter and blood where there had been an eye just a second earlier. The beautiful beast dropped dead in its tracks. The hunter gave out a whoop of satisfaction and returned to the car.
“Hot damn! Did y’all see that sonbitch fall?” He exclaimed with a heavy Southern accent. “Ain’t never done dat in the States.”
“You done got him good Jeremy (it came out Jeremah),” said the other one, also an American Southerner by the sound of it.
As the Jeep drove over to the corpse, he men continued to crow about what a shot it had been and how quickly that sucker had dropped. Jeremy stepped out briefly to collect the creature’s horn then stepped back in, leaving the body behind. They continued to look for animals among trees that weren’t sparse but were spaced pretty far apart. Brush was everywhere and some large rocks got in their way, but they drove right over them thanks to the power of all-wheel drive. Small animals scurried up into the trees as the mechanical beast encroached on their territory. Five minutes later, the group came upon a pride of lions resting under a tree as the sun shone overhead. The sound of the Jeep and the cackling men woke up the male, who looked up groggily, less than pleased at having his nap interrupted. Again, the guide pulled over to the side. This time, Mike and the other Southerner, as well as Jeremy, stepped out of the car.
“Don’t go too far: you make one kill and get back in. We’re trying to avoid trouble,” the guide warned.
Mike, Jeremy, and Jeremy’s friend were no more than fifty yards away from the lions as they exited the vehicle. They moved slowly towards patches of dirt where they would be rendered almost invisible. As all three found their spots and were settling in, Mike heard a gunshot, followed by Jeremy’s friend cursing.
“Dammit Carter, what the hell?!?!” Jeremy exclaimed. Carter had turned off his safety too soon and as a result had accidentally fired a round into the air.
The lion they had first woken up let out an angry, ear-splitting roar that made Mike’s whole body tense up. As the male stood on all fours, Mike saw that it was too big to be a real lion. It was well over 8 feet tall and probably weighed close to half a ton. Its mane was a dark brown color, making it look even more intimidating. Now, the pride had lost all semblance of being asleep. The male approached the hunters with the slightly smaller, but still enormous, females right behind him, hell-bent on eliminating the nuisance that had interrupted their snooze.
“BACK IN THE CAR, BACK IN THE CAR!!!” cried the tour guide. But Jeremy and Carter had no interest in complying. They had come to shoot a lion, and dammit, they were going to.
As the pack broke into a full sprint, Jeremy pulled the trigger of his rifle. Like his previous shot, this one was a direct hit to the head, and he gave out a whoop. But rather than fly off and reveal its brain, the male’s skull held and the lion looked more like he had been hit with a baseball instead of a .45 caliber projectile flying at 3,000 feet per second. Shaking off his disbelief, Jeremy fired another round at the male. Again it hit him, again nothing happened.
Simultaneously, Carter and Mike were having the same luck: hitting the lions, but with no visible effect. That left a pride of incredibly angry lions charging at them; the look of ferocity on their faces would have struck fear into Genghis Khan. The three men turned and booked it back toward the Jeep. Carter and Jeremy made it without a problem, having posted up near the Jeep and running across flat land. But Mike’s path to the car took him through the underbrush, in which he promptly tripped and fell, sending his gun flying. Now in full panic mode, he scrambled to his feet and kept running for the car. Just another ten yards to go.
He heard the guide shouting at him, but the adrenaline was simply flowing too fast and Mike tuned it out. Then, out of the corner of his left eye, he saw exactly why the guide was yelling.

Chapter 4
Mike had only a moment to register that the pride’s male was coming at him before the two of them collided. Luckily, that split second was all he needed to avoid being mauled completely. With a shimmy to his left, Mike slipped the attack of the giant cat. Almost. As the lion blew by him, it reached out with its enormous left paw and slashed Mike’s arm near his right triceps. Mike felt the arm go limp immediately and blood started to flow down his elbow.
Persistent, he pushed forward towards the car. But the three seconds he’d spent avoiding death allowed the rest of the pride to catch up. Just 15 feet from a car whose engine was doing anything but start, Mike found himself surrounded by lions. Pissed lions. As if on cue, three lions pounced, wielding eight-inch long claws aimed at turning Mike’s face into mincemeat.
As the daggers closed in on his eyes, Mike screamed himself awake.
-
Terry Green opened his eyes groggily, probably a little drunk, and wondered what abominable creature could make such an awful noise. It sounded to him like a T. Rex had stubbed its toe seconds after inhaling helium. Just as the noise brought him out of his drunken stupor, it stopped. It had been coming from upstairs.
Probably another nightmare, Terry thought. He was well aware of Mike’s vivid dreams. They had roomed for four years at Stanford and had lived together as they were struggling to find a decent job out of college. Screaming and sleep-talking often accompanied bad and good dreams respectively, but Terry didn’t ever remember hearing him like this. Probably stress-related, he finally decided. Besides, he knew that going up and checking on Mike was the last thing Mike wanted: he could get self-conscious when he screamed himself, and others, awake.
Terry looked over at the clock. 4:45 a.m. Damn, way too early. If Mike wanted to talk about it in the morning, he would. Meanwhile, Terry still had some alcohol to sleep off.
-
Terry woke up for good around eight. The blinds were still closed and he considered going back to sleep, but decided against it. He sat up on the couch, feeling better than he had expected. About 15 feet in front of him sat a 62-inch television, Mike’s prized possession. The Xbox 360 sat under it, and to either side was his Bose sound system, which probably cost as much as the TV. A few yards to the left of the TV was the entrance to the kitchen. That was where Terry was heading.
As he turned right into the kitchen, being careful to avoid the coffee table in the middle of the living room on his way, Terry groped blindly for the light switch along the wall and flicked it on. Pain shot through his head and he had to hold onto the doorframe to keep from falling to his knees. This was a little more like what he expected after a night of heavy drinking, but it didn’t mean he was prepared to feel like he got hit in the head with a shovel. He snapped the light off, rumbled around the counter in the middle of the kitchen, and found his way to the refrigerator. Inside there was a two-liter Brita filter, which he grabbed and used to pour himself a cup of water.
Seconds later, the cup was empty and Terry was pouring himself another one. Water had never tasted so good. There were Pop-Tarts in the pantry next to the fridge and he grabbed a pack and stuck them in the microwave. As they cooked, he looked around the unassuming kitchen. There was a stove in the corner a few feet to the left of the fridge. The counter he’d almost run into sat in the middle of the floor. The sink was under the window that faced outside, toward the street. Other than that, a counter ran along three sides. At the other end of the counter-free wall was a door that led to a dining room.
The microwave pinged and Terry pulled out his breakfast. He’d downed another glass of water in the meantime. With Pop-Tarts in one hand and water in the other, Terry made his way back to the couch and turned the TV on. As he did, the shower upstairs started running.
-
Mike got out of the shower ten minutes later, feeling refreshed but not fully recovered. A steady pounding filled his head, but a morning shower did wonders to help a hangover, bringing some life back into his face. He threw on a Metallica T-shirt to go with his pajama pants and socks and walked downstairs to the living room. Terry was watching SportsCenter on the TV.
“How are you feeling?” Mike asked, rhetorically. His college roommate looked horrible. There were dark, purple circles under his eyes, contrasting harshly with his pale skin. His normally taut jaw hung slack, his black hair was a tousled mess. Most telling were Terry’s normally bright blue eyes, which had no glint in them.
“Like I ran headfirst into an oncoming train,” Terry groaned. “Don’t turn on the light, please.”
Mike took his hand off the light switch. “That bad, huh? Coffee?”
Terry nodded. The Brita was almost empty and his hangover wasn’t much better. Mike went into the kitchen and started the pot. He’d forgotten about the kid he’d seen the day before, but the dream was still bothering him. It wasn’t as though he hadn’t had nightmares before, but he had never had one so lucid and so intense. When he had woken up, his sheets were soaked with sweat and his knuckles had turned white from gripping said sheets. And his heart rate. He had counted it out to be almost 200 beats per minutes. He didn’t even get to that level when exercising anymore. For a 26-year-old in fantastic shape who had boxed in college, this was shocking, given that he hadn’t actually moved. It was just fear, but he couldn’t remember having ever been that frightened by a dream. Mike poured two cups of coffee and went back into the living room to tell Terry about his nightmare.
“Wow man, that really is intense. Almost 200 BPM? That’s not normal. You think it’s mostly the stress?” Terry asked after hearing the story.
“Maybe. I just don’t remember having an experience like that. It was weird. More coffee?” Terry handed him his cup, which he had downed much too quickly given the temperature. Then again, Mike hadn’t seen anyone so hungover since Rob Sarnish the day after he’d blown a .28 BAC their junior year at Stanford. Mike shuffled back into the kitchen, not exactly spry himself. As he went to grab the pot, his foot failed to gain traction—why had he left his socks on?—and he knocked it over in the process.
“Dammit!” Mike yelled as he ripped his shirt off, then grabbed paper towels to wipe the counter.
“What happened?” Terry yelled back.
“Spilled coffee on my shirt. Sorry man, there’s like half a cup left if you want it. I have to go change,” Mike replied as he tossed the used paper towels. Grumbling, he turned and walked out of the kitchen.
-
Terry was still on the couch when Mike walked out of the kitchen, holding his wet T-shirt. As Mike walked in front of the TV and up the stairs, Terry saw a mark on the back of his friend’s right arm, like an old scar. It was faint, but it was there. No, no it’s not. Don’t acknowledge it, he thought to himself. But it was there. And that was cause for concern.

Chapter 5
Around 11 o’clock, Mike and Terry decided it was a good time to get some food, as well as Mike’s car from O’Guinn’s. A quick cab ride took them to Taco Bell, after which they walked to the bar.
“Yeah, I’m the black Mazda out back,” Mike told the valet.
“We’ll get on it,” he replied, and motioned to one of the other staff members.
Thirty seconds later, the Mazda pulled up and a kid, no older than 19, handed Mike the keys. He thanked him and gave him a tip, then got in. Neither spoke the entire trip, mostly from just being too hungover. Terry looked about ready to empty the contents of his stomach on the floor of the passenger’s side and Mike had no energy. Five dollar pitchers were not the greatest idea in hindsight. They reached Terry’s in a couple of minutes and parted ways. It was a Saturday, but both of them had work to do.
Mike pulled out of Terry’s driveway and started back on his way home. It was a nice enough day outside, but for once, Mike wished the sun was behind the clouds. Of course, that only happened about 30 times a year in Santa Monica. He wasn’t as hungover as Terry was, but still, the light was less than pleasant. He wasn’t in college anymore, and this was a brutal reminder that he couldn’t party like he used to. Hell, his reflection had scared him half to death this morning. Bloodshot brown eyes, chestnut-brown hair splayed every which way, cheeks puffier than normal and a redness in his face that couldn’t have been healthy. Welcome to real life.
The black Mazda glided down the somewhat busy residential street as he passed houses on either side. The smell of barbecue filled the air. It was College Football Saturday and Mike made sure to take it all in: the smell of the cooking was making him feel a little better.
As he turned the corner onto his block, Mike’s body went cold. Standing at the corner of the street, no more than six feet from his car, appeared to be that kid, the one that Terry insisted he hadn’t seen. Mike drove past him, pulled into his drive way and looked back. The kid had crossed the street and was about to go beyond his field of view when he turned and looked at Mike. If there had been any doubt whether it was the same kid, there wasn’t anymore. Those glowing green eyes seemed to pierce right into Mike’s mind.
After a few seconds, that seemed more like minutes, the kid broke the stare and continued on his way, out of sight. Mike came to, as if from a trance, parked his car in the garage, and went inside. He sat down on the living room couch but left his TV off, his focus consumed by the recent developments. The eyes were what bothered him the most. They were an unnatural color, and staring into them was the most abnormal experience of his life. It felt good, like being on a prescription painkiller, but at the same time horrible, like withdrawing from that same painkiller. It made him feel well and sick at the same time. If nothing else, Mike knew that that wasn’t normal.
But he had work to do. His Grandma’s Cookies research wasn’t quite done. Mike cleared his mind and went to his home office, which was next to his room upstairs, and tried to get to work.
-
Mike finally made it to sleep around 11. The hangover had never quite worn off and he hadn’t heard from Terry, which made him think Terry felt the same way. The kid had finally drifted to the back of his mind, relegated there by the necessity of work, and that was where he stayed for the night. Mike was out the moment his head hit the pillow.
-
In the distance, a rooster crowed. The sound snapped Mike out of his stupor. He was sitting on his straw bed in what looked like a medieval military barracks. The building was made of cobblestones and the roof of thatch. Hay covered all 1,000 square feet of the place and under Mike’s bed lay a disassembled suit of armor.
“Get your ass moving Goddard, we’ve got a battle to fight,” yelled a fully suited knight from the entrance of the barracks. Mike had had dreams in medieval times before, he enjoyed most of them.
“Apologies sire, I’m on it,” he replied, using modern colloquialisms as the knight had.
With the necessary help, Mike was suited up and ready for battle in less than 10 minutes. He exited the barracks and joined the congregation of knights who were waiting for orders inside a private room nearby. It was a plain room, designed precisely for meetings like this one, empty except for a few torches in the corners and the royal flag hanging from the rafters. A knight on horseback with a huge plume on his helmet entered with a halberd in hand. Everyone went silent.
“Good men of the Kingdom of Trent. Today is the day upon which the army of Aire has planned to attack. They will come mainly from the north, although they will undoubtedly try to send men from the west and the east. We must be prepared for anything and everything. Our livelihood and the livelihood of the people of this nation are contingent upon our success today. We fight least of all for ourselves. This fight is to protect the people of Trent and, most importantly, to protect the throne. Let us say a prayer and be off.”
The knights rose to their feet and proceeded through the door that led to the stable. As the men reached their steeds, Mike heard a clanging sound and turned to face the corridor leading back to the room. One of the squires was rolling a wooden rack as wide as he was tall. Resting across five shelves on the cart were halberds, ten to a shelf: one for everyone. The squire went from knight to knight, handing each man a halberd. As the weapons left the rack, one truly got an understanding of the magnificence and raw power of the Trent Halberd. It was a full six feet long, with an axe head that was itself a foot long at the top of the staff. On the opposite side of the axe head was a scythe blade, useful for exploiting the natural separation between armor plates. And the tip of the staff made it a truly remarkable weapon. A saw blade protruded a full 16 inches from the tip, with one side serrated and the other one sharp like a sword. The weight was centered where the staff met the saw blade, which provided more power when delivering swings and ensured that a thrust kept its momentum. It could be unwieldy at times, but in open space and on horseback, nothing even came close.
The Trent knights marched in unison, lined up in five rows of ten, led by the plumed knight. With synchronized steps, the 51 men reached the entrance of the castle and walked onto the plains that stretched out for miles to the north. Other than the plains, nature had favored the castle. Immediately to the south lay the village of Trent, which was protected by the Trent River. Less than a day to the east was the Derwent River. But immediately to the west lay the Trent forest, difficult to survive in and harder to navigate. It wasn’t rare to find signs of a person’s death, if not the remains of the person themselves. But the north, the north was vulnerable.
Fortunately, while the plain provided little defense, it did provide ample visibility. A full ten minutes before they were within striking distance, the Aire army was visible from the castle of Trent. Archers had established their positions along the top of the castle’s walls earlier in the day. Twenty five crossbowmen lined up across the north end with an equal number of long-bowmen stationed ten yards behind them on the roof. The army of Aire looked to be a little over 160 strong, but their armor was minimal at best. Then, just 100 yards away from the castle, the army stopped. The soldiers, lined up in rows of ten, parted down the middle. That’s when Mike saw the catapult.

Chapter 6
A giant quartz stone, about three feet in diameter, was already loaded into the catapult. It was not a huge contraption, certainly not one that could deal massive amounts of damage to the castle, but it could take its toll on the Trent cavalry.
“EVERYONE SPREAD OUT!” yelled the plumed knight.
Not a second later the rock was let fly, sending 50 pounds of quartz in the direction of the Trent knights. The horses scattered, taking their knights with them. Mike had the misfortune of being in the middle of the third row, requiring him to wait a good five or six seconds before he had enough room to make a break for it. That delay nearly cost him his life. As the horse turned right, Mike suddenly fell backwards off it. As he got up, he saw the reason: the giant quartz stone had sheared his horse in half. Another half of a second and it would have been him. He scrambled for his halberd, which had flown 15 feet from where he’d fallen.
While all of this was going on, the battle itself had begun; war cries and clashing metal filling the air. The Trent knights had charged and covered the distance between the two armies by the time Mike had retrieved his weapon. With their halberds, and the help of the archers, the knights were tearing through the overwhelmed Aire army. As Mike raced toward the action, now just 25 yards away, he felt a powerful impact on the left side of his helmet. A gray blur followed as another projectile whizzed past his face. Dazed, but otherwise unharmed, Mike regained his balance and turned to the west. Another projectile passed by his head as he did.
Thirty men with slings were lined up in front of the forest’s trees, firing rocks at the Trent army. It had been a risky move by Aire to send anyone into the forest, but it was paying off. Already, a number of knights had been knocked off of their horses; about 30 yards away a knight lay in the field with a dent in his helmet the size of Mike’s fist. He sprinted toward the slingers. Only two of them were focused on him and each fired unsuccessfully. Before either could get off a second shot, they were both dead. With a quick sweep of the scythe end of the halberd, two heads had been separated from two unprotected necks.
Mike continued along the edge of the forest, not far from the catapult, and approached the other slingers. A twig snapped under Mike’s foot and three soldiers turned toward him and fired a trio of rounds. One glanced off of his right shoulder, leaving no mark that it had ever been there. Another passed just over his head, and the third hit him hard in the right thigh-plate. That one would probably leave a bruise.
Three quick motions and the slingers were taken care of. One had his head cloven by the axe and another was decapitated a second later. The third man was stabbed through the chest with the saw blade, the momentum of the weapon carrying the point straight through him. With a vicious upward thrust, Mike pulled the smooth, sharpened end through the neck up and head. The slinger fell towards Mike, his upper body split in two.
Impressed with the carnage, Mike continued along the edge of the forest. But his death-dealing had come at a price. He was no longer an unknown presence in the forest, and five rocks flew his way. He sidestepped right to get behind a tree for cover, but he wasn’t very agile in his armor. A missile the size of an apple slammed into his left upper arm. He heard a sickening snap as his humerus broke into two pieces just below the ball of the shoulder. For a second, the pain rendered Mike useless. The halberd fell as he clutched his arm and dropped to his knees. Had he had another second to recover, Mike might have been OK to continue fighting. But the slingers had already reloaded and fired again. Two rocks hit him in the chest, another in the head, bowling him over. He lay on the ground, dazed and confused, not sure how to proceed in what was quickly becoming a losing battle.
From a distance he heard a familiar jingle. It sounded like Ice Cube. A whole lot like him in fact. And it was getting louder.
Mike reached over and picked up his phone.
-
“Hello?”
“Hey Mike,” replied a chipper female voice.
What time is it? he wondered. He glanced over at his alarm
clock: 11:00. He’d slept away most of his morning. Whatever, that’s what Sundays were for.
“Hey Julie, how are things?” He replied. He had met Julie a few weeks ago at a bar in Chicago while on a business trip. His heart had leapt into his chest when he first saw her and he’d nearly choked on his drink. She had a head of long blond hair that fell past her shoulders and her blue eyes would mesmerize anyone who looked into them. Her jaw was firm, with high cheek bones that helped complete, at least in Mike’s opinion, a perfect face.
On top of that, she was quite an interesting character. A former All-State high school soccer player in Chicago, she’d torn her ACL halfway through her senior season. Between surgery and intensive physical therapy, she’d been able to recover enough to retain her scholarship at Northwestern and play for four years. She’d cited that as her inspiration to be a physical therapist: to help people retain their lifestyles after physical injuries that would have otherwise required adaptation. She had also minored in astronomy, and she and Mike had shared some very interesting conversations.
So, he was quite delighted when he discovered that they only lived about 20 minutes away from each other in Santa Monica; she had only been in Chicago to visit family. They had gotten lunch a few times and even seen a movie together, but schedules had been tight for both of them. After a few minutes of exchanging pleasantries, Julie asked about meeting up for food.
“Sure,” replied Mike, and started getting ready to meet her for a bite at Swingers.
-
Terry’s night was not filled with nearly the amount of sleep that Mike’s had been. Forty minutes here, an hour there, but mostly tossing and turning. He couldn’t take his mind off of the mark on Mike’s arm. As much as he wanted to deny it, to make the reality of the situation disappear through ignorance, there was nothing he could do but accept it. But he had succeeded in denying the presence of the kid. Regardless of what Mike had said, it was more important that Terry not recognize its existence. By doing so he had the power to keep it from doing any real damage.
Most Vessels weren’t so lucky to have someone like Terry as a friend. His ability to make Mike question the reality of the child he was seeing was invaluable. But it hadn’t needed recognition to start its work. It was an abnormally powerful being they were dealing with. How its impact could already be felt, Terry didn’t know. Usually Runners required at least a week to establish a subconscious connection with the Vessel. And that was after establishing their presence in reality. There was still a possibility he was wrong, that he was jumping to conclusions due to past experience. But deep down, he knew he was right. Mike was up against something very powerful, and he had no idea that was so. Terry was not looking forward to informing him of it.
Terry looked at his clock. It was 3:40 in the morning, more than seven hours before Mike would receive his call from Julie. Terry thought about calling him, if nothing else just to wake him up and reduce the risk. But if his hunch was right, a careless wake up from a cell phone call at the wrong time could also worsen matters, prematurely starting a process that normally took at least two months if undisturbed. Most of the lights making up the zero shut off, leaving behind 3:41 on the digital clock.
Terry rolled over.
-
Mike got back home from lunch with Julie around 12:30 and heard his house phone ringing as he unlocked his door. He entered, slammed the front door shut and reached his phone.
“Hello?”
“Mike,” Terry sounded relieved. “Where’ve you been? I’ve been trying to reach you all morning.”
Mike reached into his pocket and checked his cell phone. He had put it on silent for his lunch date and, sure enough, there were three missed calls from Terry.
“Sorry, I had lunch with Julie . My phone was on silent. What’s up?”
“I can’t really explain anything yet. Any chance I could come over?”
“Sure, drop by whenever,” Mike hung up.
Twenty minutes later, there was a knock at the front door. Mike opened it and let Terry in.
“Hey, man. What’s going on?” Mike asked casually. Terry looked up at him. He had circles under his eyes comparable to tar and the whites of his eyes were completely bloodshot. Like two red balls with blue irises and pupils in the middle.
“Do you have coffee?”
Mike burst out laughing. Terry looked like hell, worse than he had Saturday morning even, and sounded like he had something pressing to tell him. Yet, there he was, asking about coffee.
“Not prepared. There’s a Monster in the fridge if you want,” Mike offered. “You look like you haven’t slept.”
“I haven’t,” Terry walked around the middle counter and grabbed the energy drink. He opened it, took a hearty gulp, and returned to the living room.
They took seats at opposite ends of the couch. Terry spoke after taking another gulp from the can, and what he said threw Mike for a loop.
“Did you have any memorable dreams last night?”
-
Five minutes before Terry asked his perplexing question, he had walked up to Mike’s house and knocked on the door before being let in. But before he had even taken his shoes off, Terry saw Mike’s arms in his short sleeved T-shirt. And what he saw made him nervous.
He asked for coffee, and Mike had sent him to the fridge for a Monster. He hated those things, they tasted somewhere between radioactive waste and pond scum, but they had plenty of that wonderful drug called caffeine. But getting energy was a secondary concern. First, he had a suspicion to confirm.
“Did you have any particularly memorable dreams last night?”

Chapter 7
Mike looked at Terry quizzically for a second, not quite believing his ears. Terry never brought up Mike’s dreams before he did.
“Really? Are you serious?”
“Very,” Terry was curt. He kept looking at Mike’s arms, comparing them. Something seemed off, but he wasn’t sure if it was just confirmation bias.
“Fine. There was one, I’m having difficulty remembering all of it, but here goes.”
Mike proceeded to summarize much of his medieval dream, but specifics were fleeting at the moment. The lunch had certainly taken his mind off of it.
“...and I killed those two men with the slings, and other than that, all I remember was being woken up by a phone call,” Mike finished.
“But is that how it ended?” Terry felt like he was making an ass of himself, but he had to know.
Mike deliberated for a moment, knowing there was something incomplete about his story. Suddenly, it came back to him as if it was a tape being replayed in his mind. He told Terry the rest of his dream in very stark detail. As he was finishing, he reached the part about being hit in the arm. Terry’s face turned the color of printer paper.
“Something wrong?” Mike asked.
“Yeah no, no,” Terry replied. He was pretty sure now that his fears had been realized. He had long since downed the Monster but he felt more exhausted than ever now. Having spent some time as a medic in the military, he’d seen a number of injuries that would make a person want to pluck their eyes out. That included a lot of broken bones, some very broken. But bones didn’t always heal properly, and if you knew what you were looking for, you could notice an old injury pretty easily.
It wasn’t implausible for a person to dream an injury and actually suffer it while sleeping. But if that was the case with Mike, he’d be in a cast at the moment. It was clear that Mike’s left arm had been broken at some point, but as far as Terry knew it hadn’t been in his childhood, and it didn’t look that way a few days ago. That really left only one possibility. It was one Terry had spent the last week hoping against, even though he knew it was inevitable with someone like Mike. The vivid nature of his dreams was like a beacon in the dark to the creatures after him. But at the moment, mum was the word.
While all of this went on in Terry’s head, Mike had apparently let the subject of the dream go, and was talking about other things. Something about work.
“Sounds good, man,” Terry replied absentmindedly. “Hey dude, I’m going to have to bail, I’ve got some work that won’t do itself.”
They both stood up from the couch.
“I feel you man, so do I. I think Grandma’s Cookies could be a huge steal for us,” Mike said. “Anyway, do you need a ride?”
Terry, who had walked, replied. “Sure, appreciate it.”
-
Mike pulled in front of the entrance to Terry’s condominium. Terry got out, thanked Mike, and watched him drive away. He turned to enter the double glass doors that marked the midway point of the condo. The lobby looked like a fancy hotel lobby. Dark blue tiles covered the floor and a chandelier hung overhead. Immediately to the right of the entrance sat the receptionist.
“Good afternoon Terry,” she said. Long black hair ran down her shoulders, leading the eyes almost directly to a shirt that pushed American decency laws. Perfect white teeth were revealed by a smile that had probably succeeded in garnering favors from more than a few suckers. She always wore a gold cross, about an inch wide and twice as long, which also hung just above her substantial cleavage. She was your standard hot receptionist. Well, except for the having escaped Mexico because of Drug War violence when she was 24 part. That was four years ago.
“Good afternoon Catalina,” he replied, stopping and leaning his forearms on the desk. “How’s your day been?”
“Not bad, kind of slow. Nobody really goes anywhere on a Sunday after church,” her accent was barely noticeable when she wanted it to be.
“Understandable. Have you heard from your family?” Catalina had explained to him that her parents had saved up just enough money to send one person to the U.S. As the only child able to support herself, they sent her. Naturally, she often worried about them, especially given Mexico’s increasing dominance by cartels and the militarized police force.
“My brother called this morning...”
This went on for another 15 minutes or so before Terry headed up to his room. She’s a nice girl, he thought as he headed toward the stairs, and if he had been a normal human being, he might have considered asking her on a date at some point. But for him, that was out of the question. He walked across the lobby to the far side and turned right. Pushing the door open, he started up the flight, two at a time. He lived on the sixth, and top, floor and saw very little reason to take an elevator for anything less than double digits. As he reached the third floor landing, he turned in front of the door leading to the hallway. He made it two more steps up the next flight when that door opened. That was when things got interesting.
-
Mike pulled out of the entrance of Terry’s condo and drove away from the ocean back to his home. He lived a couple of miles away in Brentwood, right near the border of Santa Monica. It’s not that he wouldn’t have had the money to afford such a place, but he only really lived there because of Pete Benson. Pete had a temper that had gotten him into trouble early in his college years and Mike had bailed him out of jail multiple times. In other words, he owed Mike, and, as Pete had become a real estate agent, payback manifested itself in one hell of a bargain for a house.
He turned left onto his street and pulled into his driveway. Parking his car in the garage, he entered his house through the living room. He sauntered over to the kitchen, grabbed a beer from his fridge and plopped down on the couch in front of the television.
Gus Johnson’s voice resonated from the speakers as Mike put the Cowboys and Redskins afternoon game on. He sat down, cracked open his Molson and took a swig. Ahhh, Canadian beer. He rested his can on his right leg, then pulled it off almost instantly. It felt incredibly cold. There was no way his leg was that sensitive. He tried it on his other leg and found it perfectly comfortable; he was wearing shorts after all. Again, he put it on his right leg and again, it was too cold. Lightly, he pushed two fingers on the spot where he had placed his can. It was tender, and it hurt. A lot. Mike lifted his shorts and saw a fading bruise.
Upon reaching the third floor landing, the door leading to the floor itself opened. Instinctively, Terry turned his head to the right for a look and saw a man who started down the stairs, revealing the hallway behind him, showing Terry everything he needed to see. He turned back down the stairs and ripped open the door to the third floor. Standing at the end of the hallway was the kid. Those radioactive eyes were unmistakable.
Focusing his vision slightly away from him, Terry walked down the corridor toward the kid. The walls were only five feet apart, with rooms on either side, and he was walking toward a child that wasn’t alive. Almost smiling, Terry envisioned Jack Nicholson breaking through one of those doors with an ax at any moment. He stopped ten feet from the kid.
Neither said anything for a full minute. Then Terry spoke. “Hey kid,” he looked at the child.
No response. Just those green eyes staring. Those gorgeous,
glowing, captivating, green eyes. Terry snapped his head toward the ceiling and pulled his gaze from that of the kid. He had to be careful with this one. Bringing his eyes into focus on the window behind the boy, Terry spoke again.
“What’s your deal kid? How ahead of your time were you?” The glow in his eyes dulled a little.
“It’s OK, you can look at me again,” he said, but Terry kept
his focus on the window. “It’s OK; we’re in the same boat. I’ll talk to you.”
Terry looked into his eyes. They were now just normal eyes, emerald green in color.
“I’m Chris, what’s your name?” Chris asked.
“Mark,” Terry lied. By not acknowledging his existence earlier, Terry had essentially rendered his true self invisible to the kid, although he feared the facade would fall at any minute.
“Good to meet you Mark. I take it you’ve found a potential Vessel. They live in this building?”
Terry was stumped. Clearly, Chris thought he was a Runner, which was better than having him know the truth; it was in his best interest to keep him out of the loop.
“No, I just like exploring from time to time. Got to take it slow, you know?” Terry replied as casually as he could. Still, it was hard to hide his disappointment. Chris clearly planned to use Mike as a Vessel into this world. Chris was a Runner, someone who would use people as a way to bridge the gap between the living and the dead. As a Runner, he could also travel near the speed of sound while appearing as nothing more than specks of dust, making detection impossible, a process unofficially known as particulating.
“Depends, I don’t need to take my time, but I was also 83 years early,” Chris replied.
It required all of Terry’s effort to keep his jaw from dropping. No wonder the kid was so powerful. It suddenly became crucial that he not be seen by Chris when he was with Mike. He struggled for a reply when Chris spoke again.
“Oh boy, it’s almost four. I’ve got to get moving. See ya,” and with that he vanished, undoubtedly headed to Mike’s.
Terry turned back toward the stairwell and up toward his room. It was going to be another sleepless night.
-
Mike poked at the yellowish spot on his leg. It didn’t look new, although it still really hurt. It looked like the type of mark that was left over after a nasty bruise. One of those deep purple and red ones that looked more like a plum and made it hard to move your whole leg for two days. But that would have required him getting a bruise at least a week ago. Mike decided not to fret. It just looked like an old bruise. Maybe he bumped into something lightly in the night or ... who knows?
He turned his attention back to the afternoon football game on the TV. Washington was driving with just over three minutes left still, up 13–7. They were on the Dallas 40 with a third and thirteen, if not looking for a first down, then at least trying to get into field goal range. Mike finished off his beer and stood up to head to the kitchen. Grossman took the snap and, no surprise, was intercepted by Terrence Newman at the 30. Typical Grossman, Mike thought as he went to grab another Molson.
“HE BREAKS A TACKLE! UP THE SIDELINE TO THE FORTY, AT MIDFIELD! HE GETS A BLOCK!” Gus Johnson’s voice blared from the television. “HE’S IN THE CLEAR! TEN! FIVE! TOUCHDOOOOOOWWWWWNNNNN!”
Mike reached into the fridge and grabbed his drink. As he turned to head back to the living room, his gaze moved across the kitchen window facing the street. And stopped halfway. Standing outside of his house was the kid. The glowing eyes were unmistakable. And so captivating. The simultaneously dreadful and good feelings returned as he looked at the kid.
The kid began walking toward the house while Mike continued to stare into those eyes. He was ten feet from the house now and headed straight toward the window through which they were staring at each other. Mike’s mind screamed at him to move. Go back to the living room, open a beer. Just turn away from the kid. It didn’t matter how he did it, his primal instincts were simply
telling him to break the stare. But his body responded as effectively as a catatonic sloth. Mike’s brain wanted his body to move, but he just stood there, leaning against the kitchen counter.
“FFFFFFFFFUMBBBLLLEEEE!!!!!!!!!!”
Johnson’s hyper-enthusiastic call was what he needed. Having forgotten about the TV, it now smacked Mike back into reality. He didn’t dare look outside again. Flying across the room, he jumped over his coffee table and onto his couch, only concerned at the moment with calming his nerves; he popped the can open and downed half of it. The game was still on but he wasn’t watching. He wasn’t even thinking much at the moment. Right now he just needed to calm down.
Breaking the stare so abruptly had sent his body into hysterics; Mike would never know just how close he’d been to having a heart attack. His breaths were rapid and short, sweat beaded from his forehead like a glass of ice water in the summer heat. And his hands were shaking so violently that he probably couldn’t even write his own name. Steadying the can as best he could, he finished off the other half of the beer and got up to get another one. The final touches to the Grandma’s Cookie report would have to wait. Besides, unless something absurd revealed itself, the purchase was a done deal. Right now, though, he just needed to do as little as possible.
-
Terry sat in his room watching Sunday Night Football. He had contemplated calling Mike earlier, but Chris’s power scared him. Mike didn’t know that Terry knew about the kid. And while he didn’t think there would be too much risk in filling him in a little, they weren’t dealing with an average Runner. There was a possibility that Chris had the ability to delve much deeper into Mike’s mind than most, discovering things that Mike had long since forgotten about himself. There was precedent. One particularly strong Runner had wound up taking six Vessels on his own. Taking two was practically unheard of. Terry had no idea what Chris was capable of.
Halftime came at 7:12 that night, and Terry decided he would call Mike during the break. He punched in the numbers for his cell and heard it ringing in his ear, four, five, six times. Come on Mike...
“Hello?” Mike picked up his phone.
“Hey man, did you finish up your research?”
“Yeah dude, I just had a few things left and they came up
solid. We’re probably going to buy it out this week,” Mike replied. “How about all your lawyer-y business?”
“All right, I’ve still got a decent amount left,” Terry lied. He’d forgotten he’d needed the excuse to leave earlier, now he needed one to get off the phone quickly. “I actually have to get back to it. Odd question first, how much alcohol do you have in the house?”
Mike’s face was utterly perplexed. “I have 15 Molsons in my fridge and there’s a bottle of whiskey in the freezer. Why?”
“Ok, this is going to sound very strange but I need you to drink as much of it as you can. I’ll explain everything tomorrow.”
“What? This makes no sense. I have work in 12 hours. I can’t be presenting my findings hungover. What’s going on?”
“I can’t say much right now, you’re just going to have to trust me Mike,” Terry spoke with a seriousness and an urgency he hoped could be heard over the phone. “Please dude, you need to do this.”
“This may be the most absurd thing anyone’s ever asked me to do. Why do you want me to drink all my alcohol?” Mike protested. Although he heard the urgency in Terry’s voice, he wanted some transparency. “Do you want me to black out?”
“Yes.”
Mike went slack jawed on the other end. 
“Why? May I ask?” he inquired, stupefied.
“So you don’t dream.”

Chapter 8
Mike awoke to his phone’s alarm at 7 o’clock with a monstrous headache. Blindly, he reached over and smacked it off. He got out of bed, eyes barely open, and entered the door adjacent to the bathroom. Dammit Terry, there had better be a damn good explanation for this. Mike reached for the mirror over the sink and opened it, revealing three rows of various pill bottles and toiletries. He took the ibuprofen down from the shelf and plucked two from the bottle, thought about it, then grabbed a third. With a swig of water the pills were down and on their way to working their pain-relieving magic.
At 7:40, Mike was out the door and on his way to work. At 7:41 he was back in the house groping for his sunglasses. The sun, the sun was so damn bright. That’s what happens after 15 beers and half a liter of whiskey. He hardly remembered the end of the football game, and he’d started drinking at halftime. With sunglasses on, he finally did make it to his car and out of his driveway, and not at all too late to get to work.
-
In spite of the positive report that he had to give Frost, Mike never liked dealing with the shrewd businessman. In fairness, Mike had to admit that he did pay well and was not that bad of a guy in many respects. He and Mike had bumped into each other at a bar once, and after a few beers, he was all right. But at work he was ruthless and insufferable. He chewed people out like it was no one’s business and he had no qualms about doling out insane amounts of work. “I’m in the money-making business, people, I do what I have to do to make some money, and the more I make, the more I can pay you. So shut up and listen to the guy who’s in charge for a reason,” he’d once said in one of his more animated lectures. He could be a total jackass, but at the same time the pay and the benefits were much more than Mike would have ever dared to ask for.
At 9:00, Frost called Mike into his office for the report. The ten minutes he’d spent explaining his findings felt like 100, what with the hangover and all. He fought through the headache, the still-blurry vision, and the slight lack of equilibrium to say:
“We should buy Grandma’s Cookies. Now.”
Frost looked at him for a moment, then took five minutes to look over the report. The suspense was unnerving.
“I like it. Well done, Goddard,” Frost said, content. “I’ll work on finalizing it. By the way, I know you’ve worked yourself half to death this past week. Go home, you look like hell.”
Again, for all of his jackassery, there were things to like about Frost.
“Really? Thank you so much, I’m beyond exhausted, but after the whole Clinton thing, I had to make sure,” Mike responded. “You have no idea how much I appreciate this.”
“Maybe a little. Get some sleep.”
-
Mike lumbered out of the office. He wanted to get home as quickly as possible, but with this damn hangover he couldn’t go more than a few steps without leaning over as if to vomit. He held it in until he was out of the building, then promptly spewed his breakfast into the bushes. Feeling better, he made his way across the lot, got into his car and started the ignition. Metallica started playing from his sound system and the air conditioning was already turned up two notches. The black Mazda started to pull out of the parking space, but stopped after moving no more than a
yard. It would stay half in and half out of the space for the next ten minutes.
-
Terry felt Chris’s presence far too late to do anything about it. It was a little after nine when Terry shot out of his office faster than Mike had. He made his way to the elevator as inconspicuously as he could; he wasn’t going down 30 flights of stairs. After 20 long seconds through the narrow corridor that led out of his office, he pushed the down button and waited for the elevator. His building was just a block away from Mike’s, but work always picked the most inopportune times to be an obstacle.
“Terry!” A voice called out. It was Tom Jameson, his boss.
Terry tried to ignore it and pressed the button more emphatically. No dice, it was on the 25th floor at the moment.
“Terry!” Jameson called out again.
There was no weaseling out of this one. Terry forced a smile. “Hey, Jameson.”
“Where are you headed at this hour?”
“Going to grab a quick smoke,” Terry lied. Getting to Mike
was the single most important thing he had to do.
“Well, I came to give you a new case, but a smoke sounds
good if you don’t mind me joining you. We’ll do business after.” That was the death blow to any plan Terry might have had. They entered the elevator.
“Yeah, no problem,” it was the only answer. He and Jameson usually had a smoke at least once a week; saying anything else would have been suspicious.
They made small talk for the rest of the elevator ride, then stepped outside and lit up.
“So, tell me about this new case,” Terry inquired while exhaling smoke.
“Well, I don’t want to bore you with details at the moment, but, basically, you’re defending an alleged armed robber. His family has money, hence their willingness to drop big bucks on the case, but he’s mostly a reckless drunk,” Jameson explained.
Terry rolled his eyes.
“Great, another idiot. They pay well though, you say?” Jameson nodded while stomping out his cigarette butt. “Well, I’m heading up, Terry. Just come grab the information
when you’re done here.”
As soon Jameson was inside the building, Terry took off toward Mike’s office. There wasn’t much foot traffic at that hour, but even with the open space he couldn’t beat the light to cross the street. As he waited across from the parking lot of Mike’s building, Terry saw a black car pull out of its parking space. As it turned out of the lot, heading away from Terry, he knew it was Mike’s. There was nothing more he could do.
-
Mike drove home trying to get his most recent encounter with the kid out of his mind. He had been in the process of looking out of his back window and backing out when he saw him sitting in the back seat. When and how he had gotten there, Mike didn’t know. He’d he had only a moment to make sense of the situation before being mesmerized by those glowing green eyes. Ten minutes later, he had come to, as though from a deep sleep, and the car was as empty as it had been when he’d gotten to work. The incident left his hands shaking and his heart racing. Metallica started playing through his sound system and he joined in. Anything to keep his mind off of the last few minutes of his life.
He made it home a dozen minutes later and pulled into his garage. If he wasn’t careful, he wasn’t going to make it to his bed before passing out. Seeing the kid did nothing to help his hangover, reminding him that Terry had some damn good explaining to do. But first, sleep. He entered his house, went straight upstairs and plopped onto his bed. He was out like a candle in a blizzard.
-
Mike found himself in the middle of a dark, foggy forest. He couldn’t see more than 20 feet in any direction. A howl pierced the night air and a chill went down Mike’s spine. He was frightened. A horse whinnied in the distance and the sound of hooves followed closely. Suddenly, the carriage it was leading passed within inches of Mike, the rush of wind throwing him off balance.
The carriage came to a screeching halt at the edge of Mike’s field of vision. It had maneuvered exceptionally well given the density of the firs making up the forest. A shadow stepped out from the left side and began making its way toward Mike. It stood about seven feet tall, with what appeared to be a trench coat that went half way down its calves. From its right hand protruded a long, blunt object that appeared to have a slightly bigger ball at the end. This, too, almost reached the ground.
Upon seeing the club, Mike turned to flee. But it was one of those dreams where, no matter how hard you try, you just don’t seem to go very far or very fast. Despite his best efforts, the shadow was upon him in 20 seconds, at most. It grabbed Mike with its free hand and spun him around to face it. Its features were undiscernible. Given the lack of light and the black executioner’s mask it wore over its face, there was nothing remarkable about it other than its size and the fact that it made fear course through Mike’s body like poison.
The shape raised the club up, but not all the way over its head. It was more of a sidearm motion, like he was swinging a baseball bat with one hand. In the split second before he was hit, Mike had time to realize that this “club,” had a giant rock at the end of it: it was a shillelagh. The rock came smashing down into Mike’s left shin, shattering the tibia instantly. Even though he was asleep, the pain that filled his lower left leg was real. Mike crumpled as the figure walked away from him. What the hell kind of a dream was this? The pain in his shattered leg was excruciating and getting worse as the initial shock wore off. Mike woke up screaming in agony.

Chapter 9
Mike awoke clutching his leg, but noticed that the pain was slowly subsiding. The second thing he noticed was that, although he felt awake, he sure as hell wasn’t in his room. He was sitting up in his bed, clutching his leg. But his bed was sitting in the middle of an empty street in the middle of the night, with decrepit buildings on both sides. He waited for a couple of minutes as the pain subsided completely. Then, it was as though he had never even been injured.
Confused, but sure he was just having a very lucid dream, Mike stepped out of bed and decided to explore, as he was fully dressed. Immediately to his left was a long-since abandoned KINKO’S, the letters themselves nearly faded away. He walked up to the entrance of the store and looked inside. It was all but empty. In the middle of the room was a circular counter about 20 feet in diameter, likely the main desk when the store had been operating. A lone copy machine sat in the right corner near Mike, only about ten feet away from where he was standing. But he could hardly see anything past the desk, and as his imagination got the best of him, he looked away. The entire block was made of dilapidated old buildings; there was plenty of nothingness to look at elsewhere.
The next building looked like it had been a clothing store, given that there was a mishmash of shirts, pants, and underwear strewn across the floor. But, again, it was otherwise just a few thousand square feet of nothing. Mike turned to keep walking down the street when he heard glass shatter behind him. He spun around and saw a man falling from the second story window of a building across from him. He was falling feet first, and as he landed he rolled forward to disperse the momentum. Mike saw that the man was holding a handgun.
As he saw the weapon, he also saw why it was needed. A creature of some kind had landed just a few feet away from the man. It looked like a sheet had been thrown over an eight-foot-tall cucumber. The “sheet” just barely grazed the ground. But that was all: no eyes, no mouth, nothing to break up the monotony. It was a damn cucumber-ghost.
Shots rang out as the man fired three times at the cucumber. The bullets whizzed through the creature like bullets through a, well, sheet. But it continued to move forward. As four more shots pierced it, the entire being disintegrated from the bottom up, like a strand of hair when placed over a flame. The man turned toward Mike as he reloaded his gun.
“Damn Wanderers, man,” Mike had no idea what that meant. The man offered his hand. “Leon.”
“Mike,” he replied, shaking it. It was cold, like Leon had submerged his hand in snow before shaking Mike’s. Stranger still, Leon broke into a huge grin upon the contact, revealing a mouth full of pointed, interlocking teeth, not unlike the Cheshire cat.
“Let me ask you something Mike, do you have any idea where you are?”
Mike shook his head.
“So you don’t know a damn thing that’s going on here?”
“Not a clue.”
At this, Leon started laughing. It was a deep, maniacal laugh,
one that would make even the most battle hardened person a little frightened.
“So you’re alive,” more laughter. “Then I’ve hit the jackpot today.”
Mike was befuddled.
“This is a seriously weird dream. Remind me to punch Terry next time I see him for insisting I drink all that booze last night,” he said to no one in particular. Regardless, Leon responded.
“Dream? AAAAAAHHHAHHAHAA! You really don’t have a damn clue,” Leon grabbed his gun and raised it to Mike’s forehead. “You’re coming with me. Now.”
Mike turned and started walking away. There was no way he was going to let some kooky figment of his imagination keep this nightmare going. After half a dozen paces, a shot rang out; blood began trickling down Mike’s right calf. The pain caused him to drop to a knee. By the time he was able to stand up straight and turn around, Leon was alongside Mike with the gun at his temple.
“You listen to me, Mike: you’re coming with me.”
Leon gave him a shove down the road, gun still at the ready. Mike made it three steps before he heard another window smash. He spun around and saw Leon inside an old pawnshop, struggling to stand up. Mike’s captor had been thrown through the window, but by whom or what, Mike had no idea. Gingerly, Leon raised his hand to the piece of glass protruding from his forehead. With a yell, he yanked it out, blood rushing down his face. He stumbled out into the street and collapsed, still alive, but covered in nicks, cuts and blood.
Mike turned back to see what could have caused this scene and wound up locking eyes with the kid. Just ten feet away, in the middle of the street, stood those green eyes, although they were no longer glowing; the opiate/withdrawal feeling wasn’t there.
“Was that you?” Mike asked, pointing at the broken Leon. “What the hell is going on?”
The kid smiled and nodded. He too had pointed, interlocking teeth.
“My name’s Chris, and you’ve got a lot to learn Mike. First thing you should know is that—hahahaha, who the hell am I kidding? I’m not telling you anything. But you are coming with me.”
Mike tried to turn and run, but found that he couldn’t. Instead, his legs started moving him towards Chris. It was the kid’s doing, and Mike knew it: Chris’s eyes were glowing green and the happy/sick sensation was back. Somehow, Mike was being controlled. Whether he was in any danger, he wasn’t sure, but this dream kept getting weirder. Then, from a distance, he heard Ice Cube rapping.
“DAMMIT!” Chris yelled. Mike woke up.
-
With half-closed eyes, Mike reached over and picked up his phone.
“Hello?”
“Hey Mike,” It was Julie. Any sleepiness he felt suddenly left him. “When do you get off for lunch?”
“I’m actually home at the moment, Frost gave me the day off.”
“That’s nice. Lucky you. Do you want to get something to eat in half an hour?”
“Sure, should I meet you by the clinic?” Julie asked. Her office was a short drive from Mike’s house.
“Sounds good, I’ll see you in a bit.”
Mike hung up with a smile on his face. It had been almost three years since he’d been left at the altar, and other than some depraved, drunken one-night stands, he hadn’t been having much luck with the ladies. But this thing with Julie seemed to have promise. At the very least it offered him hope: not only were they meeting up more frequently, but she was the one initiating contact. The dream was still at the forefront of his mind, but as he left the house to go meet her for lunch, it slowly made its way to the back. The anticipation of seeing Julie was too great to allow him to focus seriously on anything else.
-
Terry got off work at five and his first destination was Mike’s house. There was too much he had to tell him and too little time to do it. Terry sped to Mike’s house, making the 15 minute trip in seven. He pulled into the driveway and started banging on the door. After a few seconds of this, the door opened and Mike, who looked like he was ready to cold-cock the hooligan mashing on his door, suddenly looked relieved. An “it’s a good thing you came” relieved.
Mike opened the dialogue.
“You have some serious explaining to do, but now I’m not so much mad at you as curious as to what your whole explanation could possibly be,” “Also, I had lunch with Julie today, so I’m in a good mood.” He smirked.
Terry stepped inside.
“You’re in a lot of danger, Mike. Dreaming is about the last thing you can get away with doing,” Terry cut to the chase.
“Sure,” Mike replied, sarcastically.
“You need to believe me. Have you slept since last night? I know you came home early and you must have been hungover.”
Mike scrunched his eyebrows.
“How did you know I left work early?”
“Not important. What is important is that you answer my
question.”
“Fine. I was so tired when I got home that I almost fell asleep trying to get to the bed. When you’re as hung over as I was, you sleep when you have a chance. So yeah, I slept. And I had another weird dream. Start talking,” Mike’s words were saturated with contempt. Now that he had a chance to confront Terry, it was coming out uncensored.
“Take a seat, Mike,” Terry replied. “There’s a lot to talk about. First, tell me about your dream.”
“No. First, you tell me about why I had to drink myself half to death the night before my biggest presentation of the year,” he retorted, upset.
“I’ll tell you. But first tell me about the dream. These things are connected.”
“Yeah, I get it: I don’t dream when I blackout. Well, I don’t know how up-to-date you are on your alcohol education, but blackout drinking isn’t exactly healthy. Or something I ever want to do.”
“Mike, calm down. I’ll tell you what you need to know. But I have to hear your dream first before I can.”
“And what is it with you asking about my dreams suddenly? You’ve always respected my privacy and you know that sometimes I don’t want to talk about them.”
“Mike, get a grip. The only reason I’m pressing so hard is because this is a serious issue. I know you don’t understand. But tell me your dream and I’ll clear everything up.”
“Fine. You win,” Mike conceded, irritated. He explained the dream to Terry, ending with the meeting with Chris and the kid’s frustration.
“So it’s already started,” Terry said, more to himself. He looked at Mike. “First things first. I don’t know what your thoughts on fate are, but it’s real. Before you’re even born your date of death is already set. The vast majority of deaths fall in line with this prediction; it’s almost an anomaly if it doesn’t. But with so many people in the world, someone’s date of death is bound to be different from their predestined date. That’s where this becomes relevant to you.”
“That’s a cute story. What does that have to do with drinking myself to sleep?”
“Just keep listening. When a person dies before their time, they become what are called Nightmare Children. They earned this name because they can all be seen as offspring of the first person to manipulate dreams after his death. Mario Garofino’s life was supposed to start in 1383 and end in 1517. That’s right, 134 years. His parents lived in Florence and he would have seen multiple generations of experiences. He was a still birth. It was such a huge discrepancy between his actual death and predicted death that his soul never moved on. Usually when you die, your life essence, your soul, for lack of a better term, moves on. You are randomly reincarnated, with no recollection of the previous life, and become something else, be it human, animal, or something on a far off planet we don’t know of,” Terry took a breath. “But ever since Garofino, people who die early become part of a world that can only be accessed by dreaming, but isn’t in and of itself any particular individual’s dream.”
“What do you mean?” Mike asked.
“It’s like this. A person will be having a dream, when suddenly, it is interrupted by a tall, mysterious man. He always holds some sort of object, usually something blunt. He approaches the person in the dream, and hits them with the object hard enough to cause the person to wake up in pain. But they won’t actually be awake. They will feel like it, but they will notice they are not where they thought they’d wake up. This dream world they are now in, this is the Nightmare World.”
“That happened to me tonight,” Mike cut in. “The guy hit me in the shin with a shillelagh, and I woke up in bed in the middle of an abandoned street with a decrepit KINKO’S on one side.”
A look of dismay crossed Terry’s face.
“Damn, I was hoping you still had some time. Unfortunately, the fact that you naturally have such vivid dreams makes you a prime target for a Nightmare Child. This Nightmare World is a dangerous place and the one domain in which you are truly vulnerable to losing everything. Once these Nightmare Children have accessed a person’s dreams and brought them to their world, they go about trying to kill them in the dream. If successful, they bring the remains to Garofino. He then takes the difference between the person’s age at death and the age they were supposed to die and transfers it to the Nightmare Child.”
“So, it gets reborn or something?” Mike asked, his anger replaced with curiosity.
“Not quite. It’s more like it spontaneously appears on Earth in a human form at the same age the person they were haunting. They have the same number of years left to live as that person had, but they do not become that person. They become seamlessly integrated into society, with records and documents that would suggest they have lived their whole lives like everyone else. Chris is trying to do this to you. He’s incredibly powerful because he died 83 years early; the bigger the difference in predicted death and actual death, the stronger they are. On the plus side, you have at least 30 years left to live: Garofino doesn’t bother with anything less, it’s not worth his time.”
Mike sat and tried to take in the vast amount of ridiculous information Terry was giving him. If not for the dream he had had earlier in the day, he would not have believed any of it. He still didn’t, really. But Terry had been right about the dream, and he had a better explanation for Chris than anyone else did. He couldn’t just dismiss it as crazy talk, and that was a little frightening.
“For the people who outlive their date of death,” Terry continued. “They too become part of the Nightmare World, but as fighters of the Children and protectors of the living. Because they had the fortune of living longer than they were supposed to, their souls don’t move on until they’ve done some service to those who are at risk.”
“I’d tell you you’ve gone mad but you’re very convincing,” Mike said. Still skeptical, he decided to humor Terry, and told him about Leon. “Is he one of these Nightmare Children too?”
“Yes. That’s why he was so excited when he found out you’re alive.”
“Then what about Chris? You say he’s part of this Nightmare World, but I keep seeing him while awake too. Why’s that?”
“Ah, yes. Well, he is a part of the Nightmare World and he can only harm you there. But in order to get you into his world, he has to know who you are. I’m sure you’re familiar with how his eyes glow and that feeling you get when he looks at you.”
“Very.”
“Well, when he does that, he’s delving his mind deep into yours. He learns about your wants, your needs, your fears, your goals, your past, everything. Only once he feels that he knows you inside and out will he try to infiltrate your dreams. Chris just happens to be very adroit in this regard, as this process, on average, takes two months. Unfortunately, your tendency to dream lucidly makes you easier for Nightmare Children to spot. On the flip side, your dreaming habits also make you more powerful in the Nightmare World, which is why someone with the pedigree of Chris is going after you rather than a less powerful Child.”
“Wow,” Mike took a second to take all that in. “It’s a little hard for me to say I’m not convinced, but I’m not. You’re a great storyteller, but this sounds more like the plot to a great novel than anything I should take seriously. This just doesn’t agree with my understanding of how the world works. You realize you sound like you belong in a nuthouse? If you were anyone but my best friend, I would have stopped talking to you a long time ago. I’ll admit, your explanations are solid and these are better answers than I could get elsewhere, but surely you can see why I’m skeptical.”
“I understand you’re confused. I don’t think anyone should go about their daily life expecting to hear something like this. The whole situation’s pretty complicated and I want to answer any more questions you might have,” Terry paused, he’d been talking a lot. “Look, it’s six o’clock, I need to go home and clean up. Want to meet at Philippe’s in 45 minutes? I’ll tell you everything you want to know when we’re there.”
“Sounds good.”
“Awesome. Also, you might want to stop by the liquor store, you can always black yourself out if need be,” Terry closed the door behind him and headed for his car.
-
Terry got to his condo ten minutes later. He shared a few words with Catalina and headed to the stairs at the other end of the lobby. The jog up took two minutes and he reached his apartment by 6:15. As soon as he entered, he knew something was wrong. But there didn’t appear to be anything out of place, nor was there sign of a break in. Terry left the door open as he walked into his living room, just to be safe.
As he reached the middle of the room, the door slammed shut behind him. That wasn’t supposed to happen. He spun to see what had caused it and his breath caught. Standing in front of the door, with a grin that revealed pointed, interlocking, teeth, was Chris.
“Hello, Terry. You did a very good job misleading me, but the jig is up I’m afraid,” Chris sneered.
“What jig?” Terry tried to play it off: he was still pretty sure Chris didn’t know he and Mike were friends.
“Shut up. As I was finishing up with Mike today, I saw a very concerned man running toward the parking lot as I had particulated,” Terry’s eyes widened knowingly. No wonder he hadn’t seen this coming: he couldn’t detect a particulate Chris. “Yeah, I know it was you. The fact that you were the only one concerned in that entire area was kind of a dead giveaway.”
Terry cursed under his breath. He’d been careless. Hoping to catch Chris off guard, Terry turned and grabbed one of the hockey sticks leaning on a bookcase he kept in the corner of the living room. In one motion, he turned back and swung it like an axe at Chris’ head. With reflexes too quick to be human (he wasn’t), Chris raised his arm at a 90 degree angle and the stick broke over it.
Unfazed, Terry pulled the broken stick back and thrust it forward into Chris’s stomach. The jagged edge went smoothly into Chris but drew no blood; there was none to draw. Terry pushed forward and drove Chris into his door, the stick now completely through his body. From his position against the door, he looked up at Terry, his emerald eyes now glowing that radioactive green. From there on out, it all went downhill for Terry. Chris reached his hand out as if grasping for Terry’s shirt. From that hand emanated a blast that sent Terry flying into the wall at the opposite end of the room, nearly out the window. His head shattered said window with a sickening crack and he blacked out for a second.
Still groggy, he got to his hands and knees and tried to find Chris. Terry’s head was throbbing, he wouldn’t be surprised if there was some glass in it, but he too did not bleed. As he struggled to get up, he saw Chris no more than five feet away, right hand still out and open, still aimed at him.
“Call Mike and tell him you’re not making it to Philippe’s,” Chris demanded.
“What, how’d you know—”
Another burst of energy slammed into Terry.
“Shut up, I know everything. Now make that phone call, because you aren’t going to make it to Philippe’s.”
Terry was not ready to give up so easily. Sneaking a peak to his left, he saw his bookcase. Taking the extra second to judge the trajectory if he was to bring it crashing down, he realized it would hit him, but not hit Chris. He wasn’t stupid. Instead, he focused on the heaviest book in his collection: his encyclopedia. Slowly, it began wiggling. He furrowed his brow in concentration as the book started to slip out of the bookcase. But Chris’ patience had run out.
“Move it!” He lifted Terry up off the ground and held him there, suspended by seemingly nothing, two feet off the ground.
The abruptness off being yanked nearly to the ceiling ruined any semblance of control Terry had established over his book. As he hung there, he felt his throat close. Chris had given him just enough leeway to be able to breathe, but it was like sucking air through a stirring straw. Regardless, Terry tried, in one last ditch effort, to break the kid’s hold. Focusing, he charged a blast in his mind and let it fly.
He dropped down to the floor, able to breathe fully, as the shockwave sent Chris flying into the table in the center of the room. Terry struggled to his feet; he was nearly out of energy. A light breeze was blowing in through the broken window. The kid was equally dazed, having gone right through the solid mahogany table. Terry lunged at him, hoping to keep him from getting up at all.
But Chris was expecting it. As soon as Terry was close enough, he stuck both of his feet on Terry’s hips and, using his momentum, threw Terry into the wall behind the table. Terry slammed headfirst into it. As soon as he fell to the ground, Chris had grabbed him by the hair and was dragging him back toward the open window. With a heave, he lifted him over the window sill. Standing on Terry’s knees, thus keeping them both from falling out of the opening, Chris bore down on him, their noses nearly touching.
“Make. The damn. Phone call,” Chris whispered. Terry realized this battle was a lost one. The kid wasn’t going to let up until he followed orders.
“Fine, get me the phone.”
Chris obliged and Terry called Mike with some excuse about having to go into work late. It was the only thing he could do. He ended the call and prepared himself for the worst from Chris. The kid was strong. Terry knew the drill: Chris was going to make him go to sleep and send him into the Nightmare World. Despite the added danger of being on Chris’s home turf, Terry too was stronger there, and it would give him his best chance to fight back. He had taken a beating and was dragged to his bedroom, where he was force-fed two Ambien. Ten minutes later, he was fast asleep.

Chapter 10
Mike wound up making Easy Mac for dinner. He didn’t feel like cooking after all he’d been through that day. And now, Terry couldn’t answer his questions until tomorrow. He watched TV for an hour before heading to his bedroom around 9:30, exhausted in spite of his nap earlier in the day. Yet, there was much too much on his mind. The kid in his car. The things Terry had told him. The weird dreams he’d been having. All of it was swimming through his mind in one, uncomfortable, blob of thoughts. He contemplated having a drink, but he didn’t want to wake up hung over again. Eventually, exhaustion took hold around 10:30. A half hour later, he was out cold. Then, the dreams started.
-
Mike found himself on the opposite end of the block he had been on earlier that day. The Kinko’s was down the street, but he had no intention of going back that way. It just led to more decrepit shops. Instead, Mike headed in the other direction, down another block of decrepit buildings. The road stopped suddenly, and to his left and right Mike was faced with a wall of evergreens at least 40 feet high. A dirt trail continued straight ahead for about 100 feet, but that only led to more trees.
He heard a moan behind him and spun around. Coming up the street, just a block away, was a group of those cucumber-ghosts. Leon had called them what? Wanderers? Mike didn’t care. He booked it halfway down the dirt road and ducked into the trees to his right. The sparse moonlight that had lighted his way so far nearly vanished in the dense trees. The sky was clear, but he could no longer see it when he looked up. He slowed to a jog so as not to trip or run into anything.
A few minutes later, he slowed to a walk with no idea where he was. It was all just trees. He was lost in the woods with not the slightest clue as to where to go. Hell, he wouldn’t have known even if it was sunny and he was on an actual street. Meandering through the woods, Mike began to feel himself panic. He couldn’t see very far in any direction and all he did see were trees. The silence was making his skin crawl.
The only thing that let him know he was still actually going anywhere were the dim silhouettes of the trees and the muffled crunch of the damp leaves under his feet. He heard rustling. But from where it came, he couldn’t tell. Mike had no sense of anything around him.
The rustling continued to grow louder. Now he was sure there was more than one...thing. The sound of long, heavy breathing began to fill the air as the things continued to creep closer. Mike gagged as a putrid smell filled his nostrils: the smell of rotting corpses. He began to feel faint as the tension continued to build. Visibility was still lacking, his eyes not having adjusted to the darkness at all.
Finally, he felt the hot stink of the creatures’ breath on his neck and his legs gave out. Dropping to his knees, Mike clutched his head, trying to maintain consciousness. In his panic, he hadn’t noticed that the rustling had stopped. The only sound now was of heavy breathing: hot, pungent breath attacked Mike from all sides, causing him to dry heave.
A dim, purple glow filled the periphery of his vision. With effort, he raised his head to see the cause. His breath stopped short. Standing, floating rather, not five feet from him was Nicole, the girl who had left him at the altar. She looked exactly like she had the last time he had seen her, the day before the wedding. Her long black hair flowed behind her, as though being brushed back by a light breeze. She smiled, showing two perfect rows of teeth, but the smile wasn’t in her eyes. Instead, she had a look of pure hatred, one that Mike had never seen before. As he stared, frightened, Nicole’s pupils appeared to expand, filling her eyes until they replaced the irises, continuing until they overtook the whites of her eyes.
Her purple dress was giving off the glow, but it wasn’t radiating enough light to show Mike anything around him. She opened her mouth as if to say something when her teeth, gums and tongue popped out of her lips like dentures. A snake-like mass of pink and red flesh made its way out of the opening, coalescing at her detached mouth. It stopped right in front of Mike’s face, then bent a little so that it could look down on him kneeling on the ground.
“Hello, Mike,” the mouth said in Nicole’s normal voice. Of all the things he had just witnessed, this one freaked him out the most. “You look nervous. Would you like a kiss?” The mouth laughed.
Now in the fetal position, Mike shook his head meekly. He just wanted everything to go away. He tried to will himself awake, but to no avail. He’d force his eyes shut, then open them, and Nicole would be in exactly the same place she was before.
“Of course you don’t. You never took risks. That’s why I left you,” the mouth said.
Mike tried to ignore it, telling himself it was just a mirage, a mirage in a dream.
“You settled into such a routine, it was always the same thing, every night. I got bored, unfulfilled. You were never enough,” she egged him on.
“Shut up! If you’d ever worked a day in your life your argument might hold some water. But you were a lazy, useless bitch!”
He’d struck a nerve, if only for a second. Pain crossed Nicole’s face briefly, then the hatred came back even stronger.
“LAZY?!?! I HAD TO SPEND ALL MY TIME CLEANING UP AFTER YOUR MESS IN THE HOUSE!!! YOU WERE A FILTHY SLOB!!! You could never be a provider. But Brad can be. Brad is. He is a great one,” she sneered.
Mike clenched his fists in anger and, fueled by that anger, made his way to his feet. He glared past the mouth and into her eyes, his hate palpable in the air. As the anger made its way to Nicole, black sludge began to ooze out of the corners of her eyes, like tears of oil. Mike opened his mouth and said only two words.
“You. Lie.”
Anger took over his entire body. His fists clenched so hard his arms were shaking and he could hear his teeth grinding against he each other. The fury radiating from him was literally making the surrounding air hotter. Her betrayal was something he would never forgive, and, while it wasn’t actually his ex-fiancé, he was letting this mirage know it. The stream of tears quickened, sliding down her cheeks onto her neck. As the anger in Mike built, the tears multiplied, until, finally, Nicole’s black eyes popped out of her skull. From her sockets, the black sludge began spewing out, pouring over every inch of her body. The only thing left untainted was her mouth and the hole from which it was protruding. Then, suddenly, that snapped back into her head and she became nothing more than an unidentifiable blob of sludge.
Mike was snapped out of his stupor by the sound of rustling. Remembering the other creatures that had surrounded him in the first place, he decided it was time to make a move. He sprinted as
hard as he could, running right through the blob that used to be Nicole, not caring if he was covered in sludge in the process. He wasn’t. As he hit the blob, he felt it shatter like glass and vanish into thin air. Nevertheless, he kept running. And running. And running. Never stopping. Until he saw the light.
It was faint, poking through the trunks of the trees, but it was there. Mike slowed down. After moving toward it for what felt like 20 minutes, but who knew how time worked in this world, the light was less than 100 yards away. Cautiously, Mike approached it, unsure of what to expect. As he neared it, the trees grew sparser until he stepped into a 120 foot circle without foliage. And right in the middle of this area sat a log cabin.
-
Terry slipped into sleep and soon into the Nightmare World. He was in a cell, eight feet by ten feet, with bars in front of him and no windows. It was a prison inside Garofino’s castle. The castle itself was a place he had seen from a distance but never been to. There was no reason to go. Between the reality that he was a persona non grata and the fact that Garofino could relocate it any time he had the energy to, there was never an incentive to do it. But there was no question he was in it. The shifting metallic colors of individual cobblestone bricks were unmistakable. From the outside it created a wonderful sight, shifting constantly from color scheme to color scheme, but viewing it from the inside made his head spin.
As he sat down on the cot on the left wall of the cell, he brainstormed. It was possible that Chris had underestimated his abilities. Chris only knew that he had knowledge of the situation, not how much, and hopefully not who he was exactly. Terry didn’t appear to be in anything more than a standard cell, meaning he could likely worm his way out of it without too much difficulty. A grotesque creature passed in front of the bars. The thing was a garish purple color, with splotches of green covering its body. With its back hunched, it stood just over 4 feet tall. A long hooked nose protruded from its face, which itself was almost indistinguishable. The eyes were all but obscured by bulges in its forehead and cheeks, with a mat of black hair falling over its face. Slender arms ended in chubby, hairy hands, which were almost comically disproportional to the limbs they were attached to. And to say its rotund body was supported by chicken legs was an insult to chickens everywhere.
It was truly an ugly beast and, by the look of the keys on its hip, also the creature guarding the place. Halfway across the bars of Terry’s cell the thing stopped and looked at him. It flashed a smile that revealed crooked yellow and black teeth, all of which were pointing in different directions. Terry held back vomit. It dangled the keys just outside the bars, not saying a word. It began cackling, but Terry never came forward to reach for the key ring: it was trying to feed on his despair. Slowly, the thing’s smile faded. Without a word, it moved to the next cell, where the jangling of keys began anew. This time, the prisoner did beg.
The thing cackled some more, clearly enjoying it for another ten minutes. Then it put the loop away for the night. The guard did one final set of rounds then retired to his desk. It really didn’t offer a great view of the cells, but it was more comfortable. And when the guard finally did settle in, Terry started doing the one thing he knew best: thinking.
-
Mike ran the final few feet to the door of the cabin and started knocking. He just acted, not for a second thinking that in this cabin could be someone he didn’t want to see. A short, old man, standing no more than four foot six, opened the door. He was wearing a blue robe that covered his body from the neck down and ended in pink bathroom slippers. A long gray beard glistened from his neck and a long mane of the same color fell from his head. They looked at each other for 20 seconds before Mike spoke up.
“Um, hello sir. I’m completely lost and, not going to lie, kind of scared. I was wondering if you could tell me something or help me at all?”
The man continued to stare. Slowly he stuck out his right hand and held it there. Mike met it and shook it. It was cold like Leon’s, and kind of scared became very scared. The man smiled as their hands came into contact. His teeth were normal. Very scared became just scared again.
“I’m sorry about that, I had to be sure you weren’t a Child. Come on in and tell me your story,” the man said. His voice was deep and soothing, one that said you have nothing to fear...unless you’re my enemy. Mike stepped inside the cabin and discovered it was much bigger on the inside than the outside dictated was physically possible. But it was a dream world, after all. A long wooden table sat just ten feet from the entrance and extended back to the end of a narrow wall. To the left and right of the table were entrances to circular rooms, both of which held a variety of bookcases, vials, liquids, and herbs. The man led him through the left room. Mike found that the narrow wall was actually just a thick pillar and the two circular rooms met on the other end. Directly across from the pillar was another entrance, this one to what appeared to be a study. This room was circular as well. The man entered it and sat down in a giant beanbag chair near the center.
“So, tell me what brings you here and what you need to know.”
The study was lined with books; the walls were essentially made of bookcases. A sliding ladder was attached to a track on the ground and a track above the bookcases. Patterned squares of mahogany covered the floor. There was a single desk off to the side. Mike sat down in a beanbag chair across from the man and proceeded to tell him about Chris as well as everything Terry had told him. At the mention of Terry’s name the man’s eyes widened just enough for Mike to notice.
“What was that?” Mike asked. “You know about Terry?”
“You don’t?” The man, Mike still hadn’t bothered to ask his name, sighed. “He’s a very powerful figure in this world and you’re lucky he’s on your side. The real Terry Green was a soldier in the War of 1812 at the age of 45 and was crucial in the battle of New Orleans. He fought valiantly for his country. He cheated death so many times. Various bouts with smallpox, a number of bullets that never got removed and a general lack of health should have killed him at 50. Instead, he lived to be 78, dying in 1845.”
Mike tried to comprehend what he had just heard. His college roommate, the guy who had served four years in the army, the lawyer who had bailed his company out numerous times, had died in 1845? He couldn’t believe it, and yet, he knew better than to disregard it.
“Given this discrepancy in age, his soul was required to do some service against Nightmare Children,” the man continued. “He was blessed enough to have extra life, and as a result is required to save 28 people from being taken over by a Nightmare Child. So far he’s saved 13, more often than not through simply educating the person about what they’re up against. His abilities to manipulate things in this world are the stuff of legends. If he so decides, he can take the form of a different person every time he saves a soul, but no matter what, from the outside he looks like a normal human.”
“You don’t say, he’s been my best friend for years,” Mike replied. “This all seems so crazy, but I’m becoming more inclined to believe a good deal of it. I’m Mike, by the way.”
“Merlin,” the man replied.
Mike chuckled.
“Like the wizard? No offense, but you kind of look like him.”
“That’s because I am him.”
-
From his cell, Terry saw the guard raise a cup to his mouth. He took advantage of the opportunity. As he willed it, the liquid from the cup sprung out of it and into the guard’s mouth. The sip he had meant to take now sent hot coffee rushing down his throat and stopped there. The scalding liquid had simply pooled in his esophagus, searing the tissue but also cutting off his oxygen supply. It was like trying to take a breath underwater. As Terry’s concentration held, so did the coffee, and after 90 seconds the thing was dead. The power of thought was the most powerful force in this world. He visualized the bars of his cell bending apart and they did. He slid through them and stepped out of his cell.
Terry rummaged through the guard’s pockets and desk looking for either a weapon or something with which to make a weapon. Hanging from the guard’s belt was a two-foot-long wooden club which was of no interest to Terry. Inside his left pocket, though, were three knives, one ten inches, one eight, and a dagger that was five. Terry scooped these up and pocketed them. He opened the desk drawers to see if there was anything he could work with. After sifting through a few useless compartments, he came upon the key ring for the cells. He removed the keys and took the ring. Using his abilities to manipulate, the ring began to straighten until it became one long piece of metal, about seven inches, sharply pointed at both ends. He picked up the club he previous had no use for and jammed the rod into it an inch from the top of the weapon. Two and a half inches of sharp steel protruded from both sides. Terry walked down the hall and out of the room.
-
The castle was relatively simple to navigate if the constant color change of the bricks could be ignored. Terry turned left at the end of the hallway that led away from the prison and found himself walking down yet another long corridor. As he walked, the only light was provided by gas lamps. Terry deduced that the cell he had been in was underground and he began looking for a way back to the first floor. There were doors to his left that likely led to more cells, but those were of no interest to him. After a minute of walking through the oddly empty corridor, he reached a staircase and went up. As he reached the top of the stairs he heard voices coming down the spacious hall on the other side of the door. There were two of those hideous goblin-like creatures. Before tonight, Terry had never seen those things, but he’d also never been in the castle.
As the creatures approached the top of the stairs, Terry leapt out from around the door frame and swung his club at one of them. The steel pierced the goblin’s skull and delved into the brain, killing it instantly. He grabbed the other one by the throat and slammed its head into the spike protruding from the other end of the club. As Terry freed his weapon from the two skulls, purple goop, blood he assumed, began trickling out of the holes in their heads. Satisfied, he began looking for an exit.
A quick peek through one of the windows told him he was on the ground floor. He turned right and started his search for a way out when he heard footsteps and voices. Quite a few. He might be able to kill them all, but someone was bound to sound the alarm. Terry sprinted back toward the window he’d seen near the goblins he’d killed. It was a tight fit, but he was certain he could make it. Unceremoniously, he fired a blast of energy at the iron bars blocking the hole in the wall and sent them flying. The sound wasn’t stealthy, but it was time to act. He jumped up and grabbed the window ledge, then pulled himself up to the opening and slid halfway through with surprising ease. Then, his makeshift weapon got caught on the edge of the window sill and he was stuck.
Cursing at himself for neglecting to take that into account, he sat there, flailing his arms and legs to no avail. Suddenly, he felt himself yanked back into the hallway. The cold of the cobblestones pressed against his cheek as he was thrown to the ground. Clubs began beating him all over his body. They didn’t hurt that much, but it made it difficult to stand up. Finally, he made it to his knees, only to be hit in the face with what felt like a cast iron baseball bat. The impact sent stars flying across his vision. At this point, he wasn’t even sure which direction was up.
Lying on his side in a half-daze, Terry decided to try something new. Grabbing the dagger, he threw it blindly. A grunt of pain let him know he hit something. He then grabbed the two larger knives and started swinging his hands wildly. His hope was that he would be able to, if not sever some hands, at least discourage the goblins from attacking long enough to allow him to stand up. His effort proved successful and he was able to scramble to his feet. Now standing, Terry placed his hands at his left hip, with his palms slightly apart. A slight humming filled the air as energy began to build between his hands.
The goblins closed in on him, bloodthirsty as ever. The one facing his left hip was torn in half at the waist as a sound like a chainsaw cutting wood filled the room. Quickly, Terry brought his arms across his body. The chainsaw sound resumed, and with no prior warning, half of the goblins surrounding him were now cut in two. The attack was draining, but it gave Terry some breathing room. He decided to run, more focused on outdistancing the goblins than finding a way out.
The corridor bent toward the castle slightly, so Terry couldn’t run straight ahead at full speed, but he was able to get away from the goblins without issue. Just as he could no longer see them over his shoulder, another group of goblins appeared in front of him, drawn by the commotion. Rolling his eyes, Terry turned back around and ran the opposite way to look for a way out, keeping his eye open for a window.
He didn’t need to look too hard to find one. With groups of goblins coming at him from both sides, he again knocked the iron bars out. He threw his knives at one of the groups to slow them down, threw his baton at the other group, then jumped up to the window and pulled himself through without further complications.
“You’re Merlin?!?” Mike exclaimed. “How the hell did you end up here? And you’re shorter than I thought you would be.”
“People were shorter at that time,” Merlin replied matter-of-factly. “Anyway, I’m here because Garofino tried to take over my dreams and my life. I was the last magician in the world, trying to keep the practice of magic alive. Naturally, he thought he would try to use me as a Vessel, maybe in the hopes of acquiring my abilities for magic; gaining a person’s life also gives you most of their traits. In a lot of ways you simply become a different version of the person you took over.
“But, as you can tell, that didn’t work. We fought an epic battle in this world, one that went back and forth for weeks, until I finally thought I would beat him. But he pulled out one last stop and confined me to this one spot in the forest. I can move freely 60 feet in any direction from the center, but that’s it. I mostly just live in this cabin, studying the ways to manipulate things in this world. Often, potential Vessels will stumble upon me and I will do my best to train them in mental combat, like I hope to do with you.”
“Ok, but what does that have to with Terry?” Mike asked.
“Well, I also train people like Terry, whose job is to protect. He is far and away the best student I’ve ever had. He mastered the ability to manipulate aspects of this world more thoroughly than anyone I’ve ever trained. He is incredibly powerful. Those who are sane dare not challenge him, and those who do challenge him stand no chance. You are lucky to have him as a friend.”
Mike looked at Merlin for about a minute. This was a lot to take in, but on the other hand, what was he going to believe? This was as close as Mike had gotten to an answer, and Merlin was as
serious as Terry had been. Of course, he was dreaming, so maybe this was just his subconscious at work.
“So, how does this whole world manipulation thing work? What do I do, exactly?” Mike asked.
“The first thing to know is that your mind is the most powerful thing in this world. If you can learn to visualize something, then project that visualization, you’ll cause it to happen. For example, I’m going to make three books on each shelf in the room come out ten feet, then go back in their place,” Merlin explained.
His eyes showed an intense focus. As promised, three books protruded from each shelf, all floating about ten feet in front of their respective bookcases, before sliding back into place.
“That’s ridiculous,” Mike said. “I’m not even sure I believe what I just saw. Holy shit!”
“It all starts with your mind. You have to see it, believe it, and project it. You can do pretty much anything with enough practice. You can reshape simple materials into dangerous weapons or turn the environment into your best friend. It’s not easy, but if you want to have any chance of saving yourself, especially against someone who was 83 years early...” Merlin looked up at Mike. “Are you ready to do this?”
“Yes. No, I’m not. This all seems cool and I feel like this is real life, like it’s really happening. But I’m dreaming, so I might just be getting all caught up in the drama. What could possibly give me any inclination to believe any of this has any legitimacy?”
Merlin didn’t answer. There was a rattling in the desk off to the side. The drawer opened up and a large metal spoon lifted out of it; it landed in Merlin’s hand. A few seconds later, the top of it was red hot; the wizard approached Mike. Without warning, Merlin slapped it against Mike’s thigh, holding it there as it burned through his pants, even as Mike tried to scramble away.
“OW!!! WHAT THE HELL?!?!?! What is wrong with you?!?” Mike yelled. “What are you doing?”
“Check your thigh tomorrow morning for the old burn mark that wasn’t there yesterday. Then try to explain this away as a dream.”

Chapter 11
The forest Terry had entered not long after exiting the castle was nearly pitch black and the density of trees made an MRI machine feel spacious, but navigation wasn’t a problem for him. He wasn’t sure if Mike was in this world as well, although he wouldn’t doubt it, but there was a possibility he’d drunk himself to sleep. If not, well, then he was likely in the Nightmare World. In the meantime, Terry planned to head to Merlin’s and let him know that he had another person to protect. There was a rustling behind him. Terry spun around and saw a Wanderer. Then another, and an- other. He looked over his shoulder and saw three more spread out. He was surrounded by six of them, but he didn’t panic.
-
Terry focused on a tree less than three feet to his right. He extended his mind, reaching into the tree itself. The essence of the tree filled his brain. The roots planted into the ground, the branches extending outward and, from there, the leaves hanging on those branches. He felt the bark, each individual piece telling its own story. He felt his way through the body of the tree, trying to gain control over its sturdy frame.
The breakthrough came, it started to creak, and with a final mental surge he brought it slamming down. Two of the Wanderers behind him were caught under the lumber and were flattened instantly. Terry leapt over the fallen tree to get some space and turned around; all four were still in front of him, blocking his progress. Without weapons, they were harder to kill, but hardly a threat to him. He launched a wave of energy in their direction, knocking them back a dozen yards. Taking advantage of their brief incapacitation, he ran past them toward Merlin’s.
Not too far ahead, more Wanderers came out of the trees, trying to cut him off. This is ridiculous, he thought. There were five of them blocking his way forward. The ones behind him had caught up and he was again surrounded. Terry looked for the nearest tree and ran straight for it. As he got to it, he ran up the side, just like he would run on the ground, until he was about twenty feet up. The Wanderers surrounded the base of the tree like six-year-olds swarm a soccer ball. But they couldn’t climb the tree, and he knew that.
After taking a second to plot his course, Terry began jumping from tree to tree with the grace of a jungle cat. Within seconds, he had already covered over 100 yards. Looking back, he saw that he was safely away from the Wanderers and dropped down to the ground. At a light jog, he continued toward Merlin’s.
-
Mike focused on the bookcase across from him, the pain in his thigh having subsided. One book, Merlin had said, just focus on one book. So far he’d had no luck making anything shiver, much less removing a book from the wall with just his mind. Then, something caught his eye. A neon pink binding on the top row, just out of the normal scope of his vision, became the object of his focus. He tried to envision his mind extending; he felt it leave his head in an unexpected rush. There was an unusual feeling of disconnect in his mind, like he had extended an arm and grabbed the book.
Slowly, he tried to reel this feeling in, almost like a fishing line. He felt a sensation enter his mind, like the one he had felt when it left, but much less intense. As he did this, something amazing happened: the book came with it. With increasing confidence, Mike reeled his mind in more quickly and the book continued to follow suit. Finally, it was close enough for Mike to reach out and grab it, which he did. It had traveled a full 30 feet.
“Holy crap!” Mike exclaimed. “That was incredible! It felt like my brain just extended like another arm!”
Merlin smiled.
“Then you’re doing it right. You’ve been at it for a while and you’re finally getting the hang of it. But you need to keep working on it.”
For the next 20 minutes, although Mike didn’t move, just about every book around him did. He was moving them in all directions at varying speeds and even managed to start moving two at once. This new found power was awesome, and quite fun. He looked at Merlin.
“You’re improving quickly, Mike,” Merlin said. “Before too long we’ll get you a weapon, that’s going to be the next most important tool for your survival. But first you need to learn how to focus this energy into a point then project it out as a wave of energy. It’s a good way to clear some space.”
They exited the cabin and Merlin began setting up targets in front of Mike. As he was finishing his preparations, the faint lyrics of Ice Cube penetrated the still, dark forest.
“Dammit!” Mike yelled. “That’s my alarm.”
“Wonderful,” Merlin said sarcastically. “Look, we’ll just have to work on this again the next time you go to sleep.”
“How will I know how to find you again?”
“Don’t worry, you always come back in the general vicinity of where you last were. You’ll be fine.”
Mike reached over to grab his phone and turned off the alarm.

Chapter 12
Work the next day was dull: paperwork, lunch break, paperwork. Really, there was nothing interesting to report; not even a sighting of Chris.
But while his day had been uneventful, Mike’s thoughts had not. Getting into the shower that morning, Mike had noticed a dark brown spot on his left thigh. When he rubbed it, the skin there felt different, smoother, and there was no hair on that spot. Confused, he proceeded with his shower. Upon getting out, he inspected it again. It baffled him. Nothing he had done in the last few days would have left such a mark.
He shrugged it off, like he had done with the bruise before it, and continued getting ready for work. After shaving and dressing, he was on his way out the door. That’s when realization hit him: it was an old burn mark. His stomach dropped, the blood rushed from his head and he thought he was going to collapse in his doorway. Merlin’s words rang in his ears. Check your thigh tomorrow morning for the old burn mark that wasn’t there yesterday. Then try to explain this away as a dream.
No, there had to be another explanation. Some type of ironing accident, maybe acid spilled in a high school chemistry class, perhaps it wasn’t even a burn. But he’d never burned himself with an iron, he’d always been exceedingly careful during experiments, and the mark looked exactly like the one his dad had suffered from resting on the wrong part of a motorcycle when Mike was a kid. It...no. No no no no no no no no. Suddenly, the enormity of the situation hit him. If the dream was real, then he had to assume everything he had been told was real: the dream world, Chris, the truth about Terry, the fact that his life was in danger. He didn’t want to let himself believe it.
So, for the next nine hours of his day, the only thoughts on Mike’s mind were Chris and the mess the kid had dragged him into. He couldn’t not think about it. All the things Terry had told him, all the things Merlin had told him, all the dreams he had had, all the times he’d seen Chris: those were the only things his mind could be bothered with caring about. Hence the uneventful, or, truthfully, unproductive work day.
Finally, after the longest shift of his life, Mike pulled into his driveway and entered his house. He thought about calling Terry, he had some serious questions, but decided he was hungrier. Only there was nothing in his fridge. He had neglected grocery shopping and now he was paying for it. There was some Easy Mac in the pantry, but, no, he wasn’t having that for dinner again. Maybe Julie’s free, he thought. I could use a pleasant distraction.
On a whim, he made the phone call. Just as he thought it was going to go to voicemail she picked up.
“Hello?”
“Julie, it’s Mike. I realize this is kind of last minute, but I was wondering if you wanted to grab dinner,” he said. “I’m not too fond of Easy Mac as a meal.” He hoped she found that at least mildly humorous.
“I’m in the exact same situation,” she chuckled. Mike sighed in relief. “All I’ve got is a bag of carrots. And one hamburger bun. Don’t ask, I need to shop. I was going to order in, but this sounds better.”
Mike smiled.
“Great! You want me to come pick you up? Do you have a place in mind?”
“I’m feeling like Italian food. I’ve heard this place, Pizzicotto, is good.”
“Ok, we can give it a shot, I’ll see you in ten.”
-
The restaurant was a quaint place, tucked into a narrow but long space between two other stores. The owners had noticeably Italian accents, but Mike appreciated the fact that they were working in their own restaurant. Pumpkin gnocchi would prove to be a successful meal for him. Julie instead got ravioli and a glass of wine.
“So, how was work today?” Mike asked.
“Eh, much of the same. I have a new kid recovering from shoulder surgery and I’m basically moving his arm until it hurts. A couple of older people with hip injuries are doing better but god they are hard to deal with sometimes. How about you?”
Oh you know, not much. Just trying to come to terms with the fact that my best friend died in the 1800s, there’s a dead kid who wants to kill me and take my life, and every time I go to sleep I have these bizarre dreams that are more lucid than any I’ve ever had. And, oh yeah, let’s not forget, I have an old burn mark on my leg that only appeared after I was burned in a dream.
“Paperwork, paperwork, paperwork. That’s pretty much what my job entails. Kind of monotonous, but pays well.”
“I hate paperwork soooooo much,” Julie concurred. “I used to be a secretary at a law firm. You know that archetypal person in the office who snaps one day? Yeah, that was almost me.”
Mike flashed a knowing smile. All the paperwork had been too much for Mark Derkson a few years back, and he had gone berserk. Papers started flying from his cubicle and his language would have put a sailor to shame; then things started getting torn down. He had started with his cubicle walls. Or at least tried to. If they had not all been connected, he certainly would have destroyed one or two. Frost had finally come bursting out of the office and tackled him, ending the rampage. But yeah, Mike understood.
“Anyway, had I not gotten a call during my lunch break from the physical therapy office I now work at, that afternoon was going to be one the office never forgot.”
“I don’t exactly blame you. It can be incredibly tedious. But boy do I like making the right business moves after my research. Math is kind of my thing, more than anything else I could decide on in school.”
“Nerd,” she teased.
They made small talk for another ten minutes before the meal arrived, a very good one in Mike’s opinion. As they exited the restaurant, Julie spoke up.
“Man, I am stuffed. That was delicious. Any chance you want to walk it off a little?”
Mike’s heart skipped a beat. Be cool bro.
“Yeah, sure. Somewhere around here?”
“I was thinking the ocean’s kind of nice at this hour.” It was nearing seven o’clock.
For the first time in years, Mike felt the rush of excitement that comes when you think a girl likes you. Yes, he was 26, but he felt 15 again. And it felt great.
“That would be nice.”
Twenty minutes later, they had driven to, and walked down, the California Incline. They walked on the sand toward the water, simply making conversation; it flowed smoothly and naturally, there was no stretching for topics. For half an hour they walked along the shore of the Pacific Ocean before turning around. As they made their way up a different set of stairs to the car, Julie dropped the lip balm she had been applying.
“Crap,” she said, bending down to search for it. Mike thought of helping, then remembered that some jobs aren’t meant for more than one person. A minute later, she found it and stood up, looking at Mike. Her blue eyes sparkled in the moonlight and Mike found himself in a semi-trance from looking into them. Without thinking, he leaned in and kissed her. Had he thought it out, he probably wouldn’t have done it. Especially given that they were under a eucalyptus tree, ever-present scent and all. But what was done was done.
Her soft lips responded in kind to his, creating a tender, intimate embrace. After a long, yet instantaneous, five seconds, their lips parted, and, hand-in-hand, they walked back to the car.
-
Terry reached Merlin’s place not long after Mike had gotten off work. Racing the last 300 yards, Terry made it to the safe haven surrounding the cabin and let out a sigh of relief. For the first time all night he was able to relax. Calmly, he knocked on the door. The old wizard opened it.
“Terry, good friend. How are things?” Merlin asked.
“Arduous and complicated o bearded one. How are things for you?” Terry replied, stepping inside.
“Well, I saw your buddy Mike not too long ago, sounds like y’all have a hell of a Child on your hands in Chris.”
“That’s putting it mildly. I started in Garofino’s castle tonight because of him. He tracked me down in the real world, used his mind to subdue me, then force-fed me Ambien. I guess he’s powerful enough to determine where I start in the Nightmare World, even if it’s nowhere close to where I finished last time,” Terry replied with disgust. “Hell, he got Mike here in less than a week.”
Merlin’s jaw dropped.
“That’s just, wow. That hasn’t happened so quickly since 1798.”
“Yeah, Jackson Smith,” Terry nodded. “He wound up getting six souls and he’s still alive now. Governor Rick Perry these days, a real nasty fellow. Could you imagine if he becomes President?” Merlin shook his head in legitimate fear. “I was hoping to see Mike. You filled him in, I hope?”
“What I deemed important,” Merlin rehashed what he had told him. “Managed to teach him some basics of extending his mind. He was able to move two books simultaneously by the end of the session.”
“Good, I don’t think I’ve ever dealt with a Child so strong. I understand my own powers, and they are exceptional, but this kid makes me nervous,” Terry admitted. “On the subject, do you have any new weapons?”
A brief look of focus crossed Merlin’s face and the bookcases appeared to start rising. But the floor was in fact falling, going about 20 feet before settling. The walls here held a variety of weapons and raw materials. Across from Terry were a variety of nasty medieval-looking tools. A three foot axe culminating in a giant blade, with jagged spikes protruding from the top of the handle. A four foot long mace sat next to it. At the top was a ball of titanium, a foot in diameter and littered with points. Each of these points was about four inches long and serrated. About a foot and a half of the handle below the ball was studded with diamonds, each of which had been shaved to a point at the tip. From the bottom of the weapon extended a blade about half a
foot long, just in case. Terry started to peruse a few other weapons, then didn’t bother.
“Can I get that mace? Thing looks ridiculous,” he asked. “Better than the one I used to use.”
“Go for it,” Merlin said.
Terry summoned the weapon over and grabbed it. It felt solid in his hands. It was light enough to swing but felt heavy enough to break some skulls. Upon closer inspection, he noticed that the blade was actually spring loaded and could be folded into a groove at the base of the mace so as to prevent accidental seppuku. He swung it around a few times. It handled nicely.
“Can I try it out on something?”
The look of focus again crossed Merlin’s face and the floor fell another 20 feet. Dummies of various materials lined these walls and Merlin placed some in the middle of the room.
“Have at it Terry,” he offered. “The one on the far right is wood, the one next to it is titanium armor, then rock and, finally, solid diamond.”
He swung at the wood one and it wasn’t even fair. The hard spikes penetrated the wood with ease and the force of the mace took the head clean off. Impressed, but not surprised, Terry moved to the titanium armor, demolishing it in a similar fashion. The dismembered helmet was littered with holes and a giant dent from the impact. He struck its upper arm as well and the armor collapsed instantly from the force. Any arm there would have been shattered. Satisfied, Terry turned to the man-shaped rock. Still, as powerful as the mace was, it wasn’t quite like wielding the katana he had become so adept with; nothing was going to replace his favorite weapon. As he raised the mace to swing it again, there was a pounding on the door. Merlin opened the cabin door to find a panting Mike. His eyes were wide and shocked, his mouth agape, gasping for air.
“The thing” gasp “It was aw(gasp)ful, its face(gasp)falling off. Jaw” gasp “unhinged. After me,” Mike managed to say. He walked through doorway and sat down, his composure slowly coming back. His lack of breath was a result of fear rather than any kind of physical exhaustion as stamina was not an issue in this world.
“What you saw was a Forsaken. It’s what happens when a Nightmare Child isn’t able to take over a body. They start to decompose, their features distorting, almost melting, really. It’s an irreversible process, and after a while they go insane. Eventually, they become Wanderers. There’s a reason they wear those white covers: you don’t want to see what they really look like once they’ve reached that level of decay,” Terry explained. “Both forms go berserk when they sense a living person.”
“You didn’t by any chance kill it, did you?” Merlin asked. “No, why?” Mike replied.
Merlin pointed at the still-open door. About 20 feet away was the Forsaken, falling apart but rumbling toward them, a soft groan coming from its...head area. To call it a mouth would be inaccurate. Terry walked out of the cabin with his mace in hand. The creature noticed that the being coming toward it no longer emanated an aura of life and tried to turn and run away; it was only interested in hunting Mike. But its legs were barely in one piece and its movement was slow.
Terry got within striking distance and swung his mace at its head. The spikes made a sickening squishing sound as they turned the thing’s head to mush. Another whack sent the mush splattering in all directions. The headless body, which was a far cry from what it had once been, fell to the ground, vanquished. A minute later, it had disintegrated.
“But, I thought we were protected in here!” Mike blurted out.
“From most things, yes,” Merlin responded. “But their unique physiology between forms makes Forsaken immune to the repulsive powers of my shield. They come often enough so as to be a nuisance sometimes, but mostly they’re just good combat practice.”
Terry returned to the cabin, the blood wiped clean off of his mace.
“Merlin, let’s get Mike a weapon.”
-
Mike marveled at the variety of killing tools in Merlin’s sub-basement. There were modified hook swords, which, rather than curving to form a hook, had a straight back with the hook branching off of it near the tip. The gauntlets with multiple small blades on the knuckles and top of the hand looked vicious. But the one that caught his eye, the one Mike was shocked yet pleased to see, was the Trent Halberd. It was much like the one in his dream, although somewhat modified. The length of the staff was only five feet long, making it more maneuverable on foot, and the staff was coated entirely with diamonds, with one giant, pointed rock stuck to the bottom.
“Let me see that halberd,” Mike said.
“Let’s see you get it yourself,” Merlin replied. Slightly offended, Mike moved toward the weapon. “Without moving.”
Mike nodded in understanding. Focusing his mind, he felt that invisible hand stretch out again. First it went ten feet, then fifteen. With a huge, final push, he reached out and grabbed the weapon. It felt exceedingly light in the grip of his mind, causing him to reel it in too quickly: the staff struck him in the forehead. Shaking off the pain, Mike grabbed the weapon and took a few swings.
“This isn’t heavy at all,” Mike said.
“One of the advantages of being in this world is that one can alter physics much more easily: the effect of gravity on the halberd is reduced but its mass is the same,” Merlin explained. “Is there anything else that catches your eye?”
Mike nodded. Focusing, he managed to summon the bladed gloves without having them smack his face. He put the gloves on and was satisfied with the way they fit. Looking around, he saw a variety of interesting weapons, but none that separated themselves from the pack. Then he saw, lying on the ground, the mace that Terry had used on the Forsaken. He summoned that as well.
“This guy looks interesting,” Mike said.
“It’s a hell of a death dealer,” Terry agreed. “Similar to the first weapon I ever used, which I loved. Why don’t we try it out? You’ve seen what it can do.”
“Sure, but I’ve got a question first. Why are they all melee weapons? If we’re in a dream world, couldn’t we just use guns?” Mike asked.
“I was wondering when you’d ask,” Merlin chuckled. “It’s a dream world, but it’s not OUR dream. We’re still governed by its metaphysical laws, and guns require gunpowder. Garofino’s got nearly all of it. It is all but impossible to find enough of it to make using a gun worthwhile. So we have to make do with these. And besides, we still have the most powerful weapon in this world: the mind.” Merlin pointed at the dummies. “In the meantime, why don’t you take some time to practice your combat skills?”

Chapter 13
Julianne Bartow sat on the balcony of her second floor apartment smoking a cigarette. Her cactus was sitting in the corner, now just over three feet tall. It was the only plant she could be bothered with owning: low maintenance and hard to kill. The sky was clear and the stars shone as much as they ever would in the city. She saw a squirrel run up one of the palm trees lining the sidewalk, its movements quick but intermittent. It looked like the most paranoid thing on Earth.
She put out her Newport and lit up another one. She knew she should quit, but another one wouldn’t kill her today. Besides, the peacefulness of smoking outside complemented well with her reflections on her date. At 28 years old, she too felt like she was 15 again.
Voices on the sidewalk snapped her out of her stupor.
“...thing just destroyed our tent, it was such an intense experience. And that is why you don’t throw a bottle of barbecue sauce at a grizzly bear.”
She stood up and peered over her balcony. There was a couple crossing the driveway in front of her complex, his arm around her shoulder. Suddenly, the woman’s left knee buckled and the man had to hold her up. They both started laughing uncontrollably, their drunkenness becoming more obvious.
Sitting down again, she noticed a family turning onto the corner of her street: a man and woman who were accompanied by two children. They all had red hair except for one of the children, who had black; maybe she was wrong about them being a family. Why she was even preoccupied with them, she didn’t know. Then the child with black hair looked up at her from across the street.
Julie wasn’t sure he was really looking at her, then they made eye contact. She felt immobilized, a sense of calm, yet dread, coming over her. It felt like he was looking into her being.
And his eyes—
His eyes shone a glowing green.

Chapter 14
The stare couldn’t have lasted more than a few seconds, the child having turned away from Julie in order to keep up with the group, but it felt like an eternity. Her hands shook, and as she got up to go inside, her legs gave out. Frustrated, she picked herself up off of the balcony floor and sat back on her bench. Her half-smoked and still-burning cigarette lay a few feet away, near her cactus, where she had dropped it a few seconds earlier.
Still too shaken to get up, she left it smoking and lit up another one. This night had gotten weird in a hurry. After a few puffs, her shakes calmed a little and she decided she’d try standing again. She had no issues this go-round and walked over to put out the cigarette she had dropped. After a few more puffs of the third one, Julie decided to put that one out too. All she wanted to do at the moment was sleep.
And that night she had a dream.
-
Julie found herself in a meadow. The sun was shining and the sky was blue. Trees surrounded her on all sides but were a hundred yards away from where she was standing. She was wearing a blue floral sundress, definitely not something she owned, and was barefoot. Confused, she started walking towards the trees in front of her, feeling the cool grass between her toes.
She looked left and stopped out of surprise. The trees appeared to be closer than they had been at first. Shaking her head, she closed her eyes and looked again. This time, they were back to their original distance. Flustered, she resumed walking toward the trees in front of her, but they were no more than 20 feet away now. The trees to her left hadn’t moved when she looked back,
but the trees in front of her were now 30 yards away. To her right the trees were still 100 yards away. She didn’t even dare look behind her. She felt like Macbeth as he realized that Birnam Wood was, in fact, approaching.
When her gaze finally settled on the trees in front of her, they were a short sprint away. A meow behind her nearly gave her a heart attack. As though it had materialized from the shadows, a cat was suddenly rubbing up against her legs. It was Luigi, her childhood cat. He was as gorgeous as ever, his dark grey fur standing out against the grass, his mesmerizing yellow eyes looking up at her. He walked like an animal of royalty, deliberately and proudly, carrying his muscular, 15-pound frame with grace. But he had been the craziest cat she had ever met, attacking guests and blocking doorways in a manner unrivaled by any legal feline pet. Her younger cousin had literally been too scared to visit her house because of him. That craziness again became apparent when he bit her after she had stroked him a few times. She muttered under her breath as she pulled her hand away from the unprovoked attack. Without warning, Luigi rarely provided one, he sprinted toward the trees in front of them.
As she prepared to follow him, she began to hear a whirring noise. She didn’t know where it came from, but she kept walking in the same direction. As she approached the trees, the whirring became louder. Only ten feet away, the whirring turned into a sputtering, like a failing generator until, finally, it stopped.
The sun, shining overhead began to flicker, then went out. But there were no stars in the dark sky, just the moon, and it became almost impossible to see her surroundings. Julie froze at the fringe of the trees, unsure what to do. Another whirring sound filled the air, this one quieter than the previous one, but no doubt a whirring sound. It was the unmistakable sound of a power drill.
-
A heavily clothed man emerged from the trees, wielding the tool like a weapon. He wore a cowboy hat on his head and a trench coat that went to his ankles. Giant boots covered his feet. He slowly walked toward Julie. Pausing not a moment longer, she sprinted toward the trees to her left, which, this time, were only 30 yards away. Despite being in a dream, she found herself able to run normally, and stamina was not an issue. She made it to the trees and turned to see her pursuer, expecting to have outdistanced him. Instead, he was no more than ten yards away, briskly closing the thirty foot gap between them. Incredulous, Julie sprinted into the darkness of the trees, with no idea where she was going or what she’d do when she got there.
The woods were unnavigable, and just 30 seconds later her right foot got caught on the root of a tree. She fell forward, flying through the air before finally landing and smacking her head against a rock. Blood began to pour down her forehead over her right eye. Looking back with fading vision, she saw the man just ten feet away, the drill bit spinning and ready to go to work on her face. Luigi was sitting on his shoulder. More blood poured down her forehead. Her awareness of the dream began to fade until it simply ended.
-
Julie woke up with not much more than a noticeable headache, but the dream was stuck in her head. The man had almost gotten her, and the fear had felt very real. It was so vivid, her actions so lucid. She entered the bathroom nearly adjacent to her bed. A sink stood just a few feet from the entrance, an off-white counter with a faucet in the middle. The shower was just to the left; she turned on the water and entered it.
A few minutes later, she finished showering and began toweling off. Blow drying her hair, she looked up into the mirror over the sink to see exactly what she was doing. What she saw made her stop for a second. There was a mark near the top of her forehead: a thin white line. Its texture was slightly different than the rest of her skin and felt a little deeper, like a chunk had been knocked out.
It looked like an old scar, but it wasn’t one she’d had the day before. After inspection, she continued drying her hair when she began to think about how her dream had ended: by falling down and hitting her head. She almost laughed for making the connection. It was possible it was just an old nick she hadn’t noticed, her hair did cover her forehead most of the time, but she decided not to worry about it.
She walked out of the bathroom and around her bed to the dresser. She put on a pair of gym Capri pants and a white T-shirt with a white and black sports jacket over it; looking the part was part of being a physical therapist. Going back around the bed, she continued straight and exited into a narrow hallway. This led into the living/dining room where a 32-inch television sat about 15 feet to her right while the dinner table was practically on her left hip. She made her way around the table, approached the door, sat on the floor to put her shoes on, and left.
The house led to a type of courtyard, although it couldn’t have been wider than 12 feet from one end to the other. The parking lot was about 50 feet to her right through another narrow corridor, but she turned left and went out through the front gate. Work was just a few minutes away on foot. After going straight a couple blocks, she turned left and went down an alley, which led to the back entrance of her studio.
She reached her place of employment and turned up the stairs toward the door, her head still throbbing.
-
Mike’s lunch break couldn’t come soon enough. He still had a number of questions to ask Terry, especially since he still hadn’t asked about the vision of Nicole, and he’d spent the rest of his night whaling on dummies. He drove out of the parking lot and turned on the street, headed for Terry’s house. Terry had explained to him that once in the Nightmare World, one didn’t awake naturally, and, given that he’d been forced asleep, he hadn’t set an alarm of any kind. Mike needed to wake him up.
Ten minutes later, he pulled into the roundabout in front of Terry’s condo and stopped in the loading zone. As he got out, the concierge made his way over to stop him.
“Sir, you can’t park here,” he said with a Spanish accent. He wore a black suit that contrasted poorly with his overly coifed hair. It was like Elvis’s hair on steroids.
“I know, I’m sorry. Can I get five minutes? I have to give something to a friend of mine,” Mike replied.
“What’s his name and why can’t he come down here?” the concierge’s response irritated Mike.
“Terry Green and he’s been really sick the last few days,” Mike replied, trying to weasel his way into the building. “He hasn’t left his room in days.”
After a moment of deliberation, the man let Mike in, promising to have his car towed if he wasn’t back in five minutes.
Mike bolted up the stairs to the sixth floor and rapped on Terry’s door, hoping the sound would wake him up. After a few seconds, he tried again, slamming his fist against the door. Come on, Terry. As he pulled his fist back to make an even greater racket, the door pulled away and Mike nearly punched Terry in the face.
“Whoa man, watch where you put that thing,” Terry reacted. “Thanks for waking me up.”
“No problem. Listen, I have to get back to my car, but are you hungry? It’s my break and I have some more questions.”
“Sure, I’ll meet you out front in a few minutes. Just let me brush my teeth, I have two-and-a-half days’ worth of morning breath to get rid of.”
Terry came down a few minutes later and they headed to Panera Bread, a chain, but one you’d find suits at from time to time. They sat down in the dining area with their order number, waiting for food, when Terry spoke up.
“First things first, you need to get a vacation as soon as you can.”
“What, why?” Mike asked. “I’m not sure how easy that will be.”
“You need to be able to sleep undisturbed until this situation is resolved: having you bounce in and out of worlds is a dangerous and inconvenient proposition,” Terry explained. “If you have to, make something up about a family illness.”
“Hah! My family’s the only reason I got this job in the first place; Frost used to work for my uncle in Saskatchewan. If there was an illness, he’d know about it.”
“Well, damn. You need to find something though. Until then, I suggest you drink yourself to sleep until Friday.”
Mike groaned at that suggestion. He’d left those days behind him a long time ago.
“Can’t I just visit for eight hours at a time until then?”
“The Nightmare World doesn’t stop just because you leave it. Yes, you start relatively close to where you left off the last time, but that’s about the only thing that doesn’t change. The World goes on, and if you’re not careful, they’ll be prepared to ambush you the next time you come back,” Terry warned.
“Who’s they?”
“Wanderers, Forsaken, Nightmare Children, maybe even Chris.”
“Wait, so how many of these things are there?” Mike asked.
“Many. There are a significant number of Nightmare Children, but they are not the biggest worry. Most of the people who die too soon don’t succeed in getting another life, decaying into Forsaken and, ultimately, Wanderers; there are many, many more of them.”
“Ok. How many days off should I ask for? How long will this take?”
“No idea—” Terry stopped as the server brought them their sandwiches. “Thank you. It could be awhile, I’d say at least a week. If you start Friday when you get home and go through next weekend asleep, you should be OK. That’ll be ten days of real time.”
“Ok, so the next logical questions is how do I end this?”
“Simple: you have to kill Chris,” Terry said, tongue-in-cheek. “You just have to maul his head to no end, make it an indiscernible mess.”
Mike looked at one half of his bacon and turkey sandwich, thinking.
“Do I really need to blackout these next two nights? I don’t want to, especially with work tomorrow.”
“I would advise it. It’s just very risky to keep bouncing around like this. I know, I know, it totally blows,” Terry said in response to the displeased look that appeared on Mike’s face. “Come on, just a few days and then we’ll get it over with.”
“Alright, I’ll go talk to Frost and see what happens,” he replied. “Break’s almost over, but first I have something I have to ask.”
“Ask away.”
“The first night I met Merlin, I got surrounded by a bunch of creatures while wandering around in the forest. I don’t know what they were. What I do know is that, at the same time, Nicole appeared. But she wasn’t quite Nicole,” Mike proceeded to recount the event to Terry.
“That’s to be expected,” Mike raised an eyebrow at this. “Think about it. It’s a dream world. Your mind is heavily involved. Memories are bound to manifest themselves somehow. Just remember. No matter how real, how frightening they seem, they cannot hurt you. They’re a part of you. They are your creation. Remember that.” This wasn’t entirely true: they could hurt him. But Terry knew that Mike was more likely to survive if he thought that they couldn’t. Disbelief was 90% of the battle.
Mike looked at Terry, thinking about what he had just said. “Good to know.”
And he left it at that.
-
Julie took her lunch break at two o’clock. Most days she packed her own food, but she had been much too preoccupied with her dream to be bothered with such a task that morning. She walked down the stairs leading out of the back of her studio and started walking down the alley. She made it 20 feet and stopped. One of the busier streets ran perpendicular to the end of the alley, about 100 feet away. And at the end of it stood the kid. His eyes were that radioactive, glowing green, boring into her mind. She felt as though someone else was inside her consciousness, not just her brain. It was a deeply unpleasant feeling, yet thoroughly relaxing at the same time. She could easily give into it, let him look into her for as long as he needed.
Several minutes after this process had begun, while Julie’s mind was being scoured, Terry Green seemed to appear out of thin air right behind the kid. Julie vaguely recognized him as one of Mike’s good friends. The man grabbed the kid around the back of his neck, picked him up, and slammed him face first into the asphalt. Julie saw the kid’s blood-drenched forehead as he tried to lift his head. It was driven back into the asphalt by Terry’s foot. He picked up the bloodied Chris and hurled him into an open dumpster, his body slamming against the bottom with a satisfying thud.
Coming out of her trance, Julie saw the man who had saved her. His face was smooth and full of color, but his eyes had the dead gaze of an old soldier. He spoke first.
“Let’s get you some water and talk about what happened. There are a number of things I need to inform you about right away.”
-
Mike’s last four hours of work were agonizing: more number crunching, mostly bureaucratic paperwork. After what felt like a week, the clock finally struck five. Mike and his briefcase were headed for the door as the minute hand hit 12. He made it across the room and out the door before Frost was able to throw extra work his way. He walked across the parking lot, into his car and headed to the liquor store. Not his favorite destination on a Wednesday night.
He was home half an hour later, with a handle of Jack Daniel’s and 20 bottles of Newcastle. He headed to the fridge to put the beers in and get some—
Coke. He’d forgotten to get coke. Did he want straight Jack? He couldn’t say that he did. Hopefully the beers would get him drunk enough. He gave them a half hour to cool before he started drinking and cursing out Terry. Just two more days of this crap.
-
Julie eased her way into a chair on the patio of Wahoo’s Fish Tacos. It wasn’t where she had planned on eating, but her plans had been thrown out of the window. Terry sat down across from her at the small, round table next to the low blue wall separating them from the sidewalk. They sat in silence for a minute before Julie looked up.
“What the hell just happened?” Her voice was barely above a whisper.
“It’s very complicated. Is this the first time you’ve seen that kid?”
“No, I saw him last night walking with another kid and two adults.”
“Did you have any particularly memorable dreams last night?”
Julie cocked her head.
“What does it matter?”
“Just tell me.”
“I had one I remember,” Julie recalled, retelling the story to Terry, right up until the end.
Terry contemplated for a moment. His next question floored her.
“My forehead? I mean, there was a mark there this morning that I didn’t know was there, but that could be anything.”
“Show me,” Terry demanded. Julie brushed her golden bangs aside and showed him. “Damn.”
“What? Are you trying to tell me the dream and the mark are connected?”
“Exactly. This kid, his name is Chris, is not of this world. He’s not even alive,” Julie looked at him like he’d just sprouted broccoli from his eyes. Terry continued. “Long story short, he is now in the process of infiltrating your dreams. Any injury you suffer in your dreams will appear as the remnants of an old injury in the morning. Eventually you will suffer an injury in a dream so painful that it will wake you up. Then, things get really bad.”
There was little sense to what Terry was saying, but after the last 24 hours and two sightings of that kid, she was almost ready to believe it. At the very least, she wasn’t ready to dismiss it. Questions began whirring through her head. Especially with the thing Terry said about the kid being dead. As she opened her mouth to ask these questions, she was interrupted.
“Look, you’ve only got 20 minutes until three o’clock, I’m assuming your break’s over then. Get something to eat, call me later tonight,” Terry handed her his business card, got up, and left Julie with a head full of questions.

Chapter 15
Julie got home at 6:30, around the time Mike started drinking. The first thing she did upon entering her door was call Terry.
“Terry? It’s Julie.”
“Oh hey, are you feeling any better?” He asked.
“A little. I got distracted enough at work, but it’s kind of hard
to process exactly what the hell I saw today.”
“I don’t blame you. There’s a lot you still don’t get. First
thing you need to know is that you’re in danger, and every time you see that kid the danger increases.”
“Like, life-threatening danger?” She asked. In spite of her disbelief, a feeling of dread passed over her.
“Not yet,” he replied.
Not yet? NOT YET?!?!? What the hell is that supposed to mean? Julie wanted to exclaim.
“The only time you’re really in danger is when you’re asleep,” Terry continued. “I know seeing him isn’t a pleasant feeling, but he can’t do anything to you in this world.”
“This world?”
“I’ll explain in a second. Just be careful when you dream. You’ll have more control than you realize but the danger is also much more real than you understand.”
This was almost too much for Julie to wrap her head around. A kid with glowing green eyes, dangerous dreams, this world. And how did he know all this? She asked him.
“Simply put...” Terry took the next 10 minutes to explain to her the dynamics of the Nightmare World and his role in it. From Garofino, to the souls that occupied it, to the reason Chris was able to do these kinds of things to her.
“On the plus side, it means you have at least 30 years left to live if you make it through this. They don’t bother going after people who are near death,” he pointed out.
The line was quiet for a moment as Julie stared up at the ceiling from her bed.
“Ok, I’ve seen some weird things the last few days, and you were pretty convincing at lunch, but I’m nowhere near ready to accept this as fact. Yeah, that kid was strange, yes I had that dream and now this mark on my head, but this whole concept doesn’t add up. It’s way too, I don’t know, fantasy-ish,” she said bluntly. “I have to go. Dinner’s ready. Thanks for explaining things too me Terry, I guess. You don’t seem like a wacko, but I don’t have a great track record when it comes to judging these sorts of things. I’m not sure I should even be humoring you. Actually, forget what I’ve said. The more I think about it, the more you do sound like a wacko. Don’t contact me again.”
“I won’t. But do contact me when things start to get weirder. And keep this in mind: if you didn’t at least believe me a little, you wouldn’t have called in the first place.”
-
Mike woke up the next morning feeling better than he would have hoped, given how hard he’d blacked out the night before. He wasn’t a huge fan of Terry’s plan, but considering that he hadn’t dreamt, things hadn’t turned out too badly.
He crawled out of bed then stumbled as he tried to walk. He regained his balance and tried walking again, and again found difficulty staying upright. Holy crap, he thought, I’m still drunk. No wonder I don’t feel like death. That wasn’t good. He had to drive to work in less than an hour. Hanging onto the railing, he made his way down the stairs to his living room and stumbled
into the kitchen. With some effort, he got a pot of coffee brewing. He was not looking forward to the impending hangover. When he’d gone to sleep and how much he drank, he didn’t know.
The second question was answered when he looked back in his fridge and saw three quarters of a handle of Jack. And nothing else. He’d had all 20 beers and some whiskey. No wonder the booze hadn’t worn off. Once it did, he was going to feel like he’d tried to head butt a semi. He fished through his pantry and found Pop-Tarts, which he probably should have outgrown by now. Although, in his defense, was it possible to ever outgrow delicious? He stuffed them in the toaster and turned it on. Then, he let his mind wander back to work.
Being drunk on the job wasn’t really OK, but others had done it before. As long as you were productive, Frost didn’t care what else was happening. Not the ideal situation, but he couldn’t take a sick day after Frost had been generous enough to give him the next week off. However, while working drunk might be OK, driving drunk was not. He decided to call Terry to see if he could give him a ride; it had been his dumb idea anyway.
The Pop-Tarts sprang out of the toaster and Mike put them on a plate, then made his way back up to his room to grab his phone. He hit redial to bring up his call history and saw, to his chagrin, that he had called Terry not seven hours ago. That straightened the timeline out a little bit. He hit the call button again and the phone started ringing. Four agonizing rings later, Terry answered.
“Hello?” He did not sound at all like a person who had just woken up. Maybe he didn’t need sleep the way normal people did. He wasn’t exactly normal.
“Terry, it’s Mike,” it came out coherently, not a slurring mess. “Come take me to work you prick. Your stupid blackout idea has me still drunk.”
Mike swore he heard Terry laugh on the other end.
“I’m sorry man. I’ll be there in fifteen.”
They hung up and Mike got started on his food. His delicious, delicious food.
-
While Mike’s night was a drunken mess, he hadn’t dreamt one bit. The same couldn’t be said for Julie. She had woken up with an old, circular scar near her right shoulder where she had been shot. Her dream had been something straight out of Richard Connell’s The Most Dangerous Game.
It had started in a dense, tropical forest in the dark of night. She hadn’t been able to see stars through the canopy, and if there was any moonlight she couldn’t tell. Nearly blind, she had treaded aimlessly over the uneven terrain until she heard voices. They were men, speaking in some foreign language she couldn’t understand. Not sure what to make of them, she had crept through the exotic trees, trying to get a glimpse of one of them. A flashlight beam was her first sighting. Unfortunately, that beam had been fixed on her.
Shots rang out around her as she turned and ran. She sped past trees, aware that she neither heard nor saw any wildlife. Every turn she made seemed to lead her toward another hunter. Eventually, the numbers had been too much and she was surrounded. She had been shot near her shoulder, pain flaring as the round went through her breastplate and lodged itself in her chest. She had collapsed, hitting her face hard on the ground, and the dream had mercifully come to an end there.
Now, she inspected the wound, applying some minor pressure to it but feeling no pain. It looked as though it had happened a while ago, but she’d never even been shot at, much less actually shot. The mark on her forehead was still there too. That one was less difficult to explain to people, but she would have to make sure to cover the bullet wound. No more tank tops at work.
She entered the shower around the time Mike called Terry. Work wasn’t for another few hours, but she didn’t really want to go back to sleep. The dream had left her with too much to mull over. The pain and the fear had felt so real, as had the control over her body. She had run at her normal pace, had felt the ground squish under her feet and the sticky, humid air over her body. The thoughts made her shudder. Lathering her hair, she decided, in spite of her pride, in spite of what she had said to him yesterday, that she would call Terry first thing after she finished showering. Because, like he had said, things had gotten weirder.
-
About halfway to Mike’s work, Terry’s phone started buzzing. Answering would activate the Bluetooth in his car, and the last thing Mike needed to know was that Chris was after the first girl he’d really had a relationship with since Nicole. Why that girl had left him at the altar and booked it to England, Terry would never know. He let it go through to voicemail.
A few minutes later they were at the office. Mike had come back down to earth a little bit but was still fairly wasted. As Terry stopped on the curb in front of the building’s entrance on the opposite side of the parking lot, Mike’s knees gave while he tried to get out of the car.
“Dude, you’re still pretty damn gone,” Terry noted.
“I know, but I need to get to work. I can’t take a day off after Frost was nice enough to give me a vacation next week. I just need to get to my desk and I’ll be set,” Mike replied. “Don’t worry. I got this.”
What a lie that would turn out to be.
-
After dropping Mike off, Terry called Julie back.
“Julie, sorry, I was driving. What’s going on?”
“First, let me say, I wasn’t going to call you. I didn’t want to
call you. But I had another dream last night and woke up with another scar. I don’t want to believe anything you told me, but I’m not really sure I have a choice anymore.”
“Well, I’m glad you did. How much time do you have before work? We can meet for breakfast if you want to discuss it.”
“That sounds good. I’m free for another two hours. There’s a Denny’s like a block away from my house if that works.”
Terry said it did, wrote down the directions, and headed over.
-
The Denny’s was a large building that took up most of the corner of the block. Julie sat down in a booth near the back of the restaurant, hoping it wouldn’t be too busy. It was a Thursday after all. A waitress stopped by her table.
“Hello there ma’am, what can I do for you this morning?” She had a distinct southern accent and had brought her southern hospitality out to the west coast.
“Pot of coffee please, strongest you have. And two cups,” Julie replied. She didn’t much care for the taste of the stuff, but she figured that when she drank it she might as well go all in. Terry arrived as she poured her first cup, sitting down across from her at the small table. He grabbed the pot and poured himself a cupful. He cut right to the chase.
“Tell me about last night.”
Julie recounted her story, emphasizing her emotions and how real they had felt as her dream had come to an end. She pulled down the right shoulder of her shirt and showed Terry the wound.
“Yeah, that’s an old bullet wound,” Terry confirmed, lifting his shirt to show her the multiple wounds on his stomach and chest. Julie gasped.
“Oh my. How did all that happen?” She was equally shocked and concerned.
“Two tours of duty in Iraq after I turned 18. I encountered my fair share of machine gun nests.”
“How the hell did you survive?”
“Simple, I’m no longer of this world so I can’t die here,” Terry explained. “I joined the army in order to follow Ricardo Ramirez, who was being haunted by a Nightmare Child, much like you are. But his family attributed his strange behavior to drugs, and as a result, they shipped him off to the military. I had been monitoring him for some time and the only course of action was to enlist with him. It ultimately proved futile, as he was shot and killed only three months into our first deployment. Now he’s a soul like Chris, looking for a Vessel to bring him back to this world.”
“I’m sorry, but, not to discredit any of your story, this all still just seems so hard to believe.” Julie said, expressing her doubt. But it was a doubt that was quickly dwindling. “Those scars are starting to convince me otherwise, however.”
Terry raised his hand.
“No need to apologize. But this problem’s not going to go away on its own. This kid works quickly, so chances are you will enter the Nightmare World sooner rather than later. That’s when the danger becomes real.”
“So what can I do about it?”
“Well, there’s nothing you can do about seeing the kid. He will show up again. But right now the only danger you’re in is in your dreams.”
“So I have to find a way not to dream,” she inferred.
“Yup. And you’re not going to like the answer. The best way to do it is to drink yourself to a blackout. I know it’s not the most sustainable way of life, but you need to do this to stave it off for a while.”
“Until when, exactly?”
Terry contemplated telling her about Mike. He didn’t want to ruin a budding relationship, but he felt that not saying anything might be worse. Julie beat him to that punch.
“Mike’s pretty much your best friend right?”
“Has been since college,” he replied.
“Does he know about this side of you?”
“Entirely,” Terry decided he would inform her. “Chris was haunting him first. He’s already dragged Mike into the Nightmare World. It’s a pretty recent development, but that’s how I know this kid works quickly. Normally, Nightmare Children are only strong enough and interested enough in taking one body. It’s a very intensive process. But since Chris died 83 years before his time, he’s strong enough to do something like this.”
Julie’s stomach dropped to her feet upon hearing this. She was really starting to like Mike.
“What can be done about it?” she asked.
Before Terry could answer, the waitress came back.
“Y’all ready to order?” she asked in her southern drawl.
They hadn’t even given it a thought. Terry looked up at Julie. “Pancakes?” he asked.
“Pancakes” she replied. She turned to the waitress. “Three each, please.”
“Coming right up,” the waitress answered, writing the order down. Once she was gone, Terry spoke again.
“Once in the Nightmare World, you are in danger, but so is the person trying to take your body. You just have to kill them first,” he explained, then proceeded to go into detail about the training Mike was undergoing. “Our timeline has been crunched now; we need to kill Chris before he brings you into it too. I’m going to need you to blackout every night you possibly can until then.”
Julie thought it over for a moment.
“Does Mike know that he’s after me too?”
“No, but you can tell him if you want. It might be good for
both of you to know, but I don’t want to make that decision for you.”
“Ok. I’ll probably see him tomorrow night. In the meantime I’ll go to the liquor store after work.”
“Good. Sorry to have to do this to you Julie, but thank you for understanding. I know you might not totally believe it—”
“Your seriousness has done more than your words have. The evidence isn’t concrete, but it’s there, and it keeps building. It’s getting harder and harder to blow it off completely,” she pointed to the spot on her arm where she had been shot. “I’m still not fully on board, but I’m not going to immediately dismiss everything you say as the ramblings of a lunatic. I can’t.”
-
“Goddard!” Frost called out. “My office!”
It was around 11 o’clock and Mike was sober by this time. Which was good, except for the hangover: if it was possible to take a full clip from an AA-12 automatic shotgun to the forehead and survive, he thought it would feel like this. All he wanted was some pizza and some sleep. Hoping he didn’t look too disheveled, he shuffled over to Frost’s office.
The door was already open and Mike walked in. The lights seemed so bright.
“Christ, Goddard! You look like shit. Did you drink last night?”
Mike nodded, not happy it was that noticeable.
“Whatever, have your fun if it doesn’t kill your productivity, but it better not,” Frost replied. “Anyway, I have some numbers for you to crunch. Santa Monica Tobacco’s been doing well for us lately, but I’m not sure if it’s that sustainable. Cigarette taxes keep rising and I don’t know how much longer our stake in it will keep paying off. I need you to run numbers on some tobacco shops and look for a pattern. It may be time to sell our 30 percent share while we still can.”
Mike nodded, a wave of nausea coming over him.
“Don’t worry, I haven’t forgotten about your vacation next week, it shouldn’t be too big of a project,” Frost explained before Mike could bring it up.
“Do you need me to present a full report?” As he looked at Frost to ask the question, his boss’s eyes had fallen out of their sockets and were dangling around his nostrils. Mike tried to keep a straight face in spite of the sudden hallucination.
“No, just get me the numbers. I’ll make a decision on this one,” his eyes were back in their sockets.
Mike again nodded in understanding and started to head back to his cubicle.
“Wait up,” Frost called. Pointed teeth flashed as he spoke. “Take these. They’re more details on the new taxes.”
Mike took the papers from Frost and headed back to his cubicle. He hoped it wouldn’t be a hard job; he felt half asleep and the room was spinning like a carnival ride. And what the hell was going on with Frost’s face? He decided to take a detour to the break room, which was just a right turn from the entrance of Frost’s office.
After pouring himself a cup of coffee, he turned to get back to work and found the passageway blocked. A Wanderer was standing in the door way, its imposing white frame blocking any escape route. No way that’s real, Mike thought. I’m awake. He rubbed his eyes and checked again. This time, there was nothing there. Shaken, he walked back to his desk, hoping his body didn’t show his discomfort, and got to work. What’s happening to me?

Chapter 16
The rest of Mike’s day at work was like any other day at work. He had done a good chunk of his research and expected to be done early Friday, maybe early enough to get off work before three. He made his way down the steps and out to the parking lot before he remembered that Terry had driven him there. He pulled out his phone and called Terry, reaching him after just a ring. Mike didn’t even have time to say hi.
“I’ll come pick you up,” Terry hung up. He always got straight to the point when he was stressed.
Mike wondered if something else had happened: Terry hadn’t been this way earlier despite the whole fiasco with Chris. Two men were chatting about 20 feet away, a conversation Mike was uninterested in until one of them started laughing.
It was more of a guffawing and, with his mouth splayed open, his pointed teeth were in full view. Mike did a double take, rubbing his eyes again, but this time the hallucination didn’t go away. Those teeth were just like the ones Chris and Leon had. Despite his best efforts to look elsewhere, Mike’s gaze stayed focused on the two of them, but they seemed to pay him no notice. Before he could think about it any further, the sound of a horn startled him. The two men seemed unaware of it.
Terry had pulled up right next to Mike while he had been distracted. Unsettled, Mike got into the bronze sedan. Then he gave Terry a taste of his own medicine and got right to the point.
“I’ve been seeing things today. There was a Wanderer in the break room and there are two Nightmare Children—” Mike looked over and saw no one. “Were two Nightmare Children chatting not far from here. What’s going on?”
Terry said nothing for a moment.
“DAMMIT!”
“What?” Mike asked.
“This weekend can’t get here soon enough. The two worlds, waking and dreaming, are starting to mesh for you. If you’re not fully awake, I’m not talking functional and feeling good, I mean hopped up on caffeine and going full speed, you will start to see things from my world leak into yours.”
“Can they hurt me?”
“No, but this usually doesn’t happen unless someone’s been spending an extended period of time hopping in and out of worlds. It’s not the biggest issue, but it’s a good reason to try and do this all at once.”
“So I’m hallucinating,” Mike said.
“In a way, yes. Don’t concern yourself too much, they can’t see you. Just try to keep a grip on reality. If you start seeing parts of the environment that don’t look normal, remember it’s not really there, just leaking from the Nightmare World.”
Mike slumped. This situation just kept getting worse. He opened his mouth to say something, then realized he had nothing to say. He just had 24 more hours to get through.
In the silence, Terry thought about telling him about Julie, but decided he’d let her make that decision. They drove the rest of the way home without saying anything, Mike brooding and worrying. The car pulled into Mike’s driveway and he got out.
“Thanks for the rides today man. Sorry I didn’t say much, there’s kind of a lot on my mind.”
“Don’t sweat it. Let me know if you need another one tomorrow. Do you have enough booze?”
“I have three quarters of a handle of Jack, if that doesn’t do me in, then I don’t know what will.”
-
About an hour after work, Mike was pretty well into his bottle. He wanted to drink himself to sleep a little earlier tonight. It was then that he got a phone call from Julie. After a second of contemplation, he answered it.
“Hello?” He hoped he sounded sober enough.
“Hey Mike, how are you?”
“Not bad, yourself?”
“Been better. Any chance you’d be able to meet for dinner tonight?”
Dammit, Mike thought. I want to, but explaining why I’m drunk at seven o’clock isn’t my idea of a date.
“I’d love to, but I already ate and I have a lot of work to get to,” he lied.
“Can I come over then?” she asked. “I need to talk to you about something.”
Mike didn’t like where this was going, but he didn’t see a way out. Sensing the hesitation, Julie spoke again. “It’s about Chris.”
-
A long quarter of an hour later, Mike answered the knocking on his door. He had a million questions, but she was insistent on waiting until they were face to face. Julie walked in and he offered her a seat on the couch, then took a seat next to her.
“How do you know about Chris?” he asked, skipping any small talk.
“Terry explained everything. He’s been haunting me too.”
Mike’s jaw tensed, his teeth grinding in anger. That bastard was everywhere. Why? How? He wanted to ask, but knew there was no answer.
“I’ve had some interesting dreams the past few nights. They’ve left me with these,” she showed him the scar on her forehead and the bullet wound near her shoulder. Neither of them said anything for a minute.
“When did it start?” He asked.
“Two days ago. I saw him from my balcony. The feeling I got from looking at him...well I’m sure you know.”
Mike nodded: even thinking about it was uncomfortable.
“I see Terry gave you the same advice,” she noted, pointing at the bottle. “Is it really necessary? I don’t want to drink myself dead on a Thursday. Or ever.”
“Well, you sure as hell don’t dream. And if you go to sleep without drinking, eventually you will wake up, but not in this world.”
“Terry explained it to me. It’s such an absurd thing to hear, yet he seems so serious about it. And the facts keep pointing more and more in that direction. But still, come on, it can’t be real. Seriously, it’s too ridiculous.”
“He’s serious about it because it’s a serious subject, and you should believe him. The Nightmare World is a dangerous place. If it weren’t for Terry, I’d be done-for already. I have next week off to try and fight this thing. Is there any way you can get it off too so you can black out until we take care of this? Otherwise, it’s going to seriously mess up your life,” Mike warned.
“I’ll try. It wasn’t too long ago that I was in Chicago, so I’m not sure how easily I’ll be able to convince them.”
“Family emergency. Think up something believable, tonight. Please.”
Julie nodded in understanding.
“You’re scaring me, Mike,” she said. He put his arm around her.
“I’m sorry Julie, I don’t mean to. But please believe me when I say this is real. You don’t have to be OK with this, but please believe me.”
They sat there for a while, comforting each other as best they could. Mike leaned over and kissed her on the forehead. Maybe it was the booze talking, but it seemed like the only course of action worth taking. It was an action she seemed to appreciate, and she kissed him back on the lips. That sure as hell eased the tension. Mike did his best not to be too sloppy, both of them enjoying the moment while they knew they still could. Ultimately, it was Julie who broke away first.
“Mike, I’m sorry, I have to go.”
He checked the clock on his phone, which was sitting on the table in front of him. It was already ten to eight. Time flies when you’re having fun.
“Alright,” he couldn’t help but sound a little disappointed. “Are you free tomorrow night?”
“Very,” she replied with a smile. “I’ll call you when I’m off work.”
Mike smiled back.
“And please, go get yourself wasted tonight.”
Julie let out a laugh. Not the words she had been expecting
to hear. Mike walked her to the doorway, gave her a kiss, and went back to the couch to enjoy the company of his friend Jack.
-
Terry had been kind enough to buy him a two liter bottle of coke earlier in the day, so Mike poured himself another Jack and Coke. Although it was more like a JACK and coke. He swallowed the strong concoction, enjoying the warm, burning feeling as it went down his throat. About halfway through the glass, his body began demanding food. Mike looked at the door to his kitchen. He had some frozen things he could heat up, cooking was out of the picture at that point, but decided that he didn’t really want a microwaved burrito.
Grabbing his phone, he started scrolling through his phone book until he spotted Buddha’s Belly. Chinese, that sounded like the Dinner of Champions at the moment. A somewhat difficult conversation later, he put the phone down and continued working on his drink. After 30 minutes and another Jack and Coke, the food arrived. Mike grabbed it and sat down to dig into to his pork lo mein.
By nine o’clock, he was blackout drunk. Less than a quarter of the handle remained, and he wasn’t sure how he hadn’t hurled yet. By 9:45, after another Jack and Coke, he was stuffing microwaved burritos in his mouth. At 10:30, he had his head halfway down the toilet, emptying the contents of his stomach. While he wouldn’t remember throwing up when he woke up the next morning, the effects of expelling the alcohol from his system became very apparent around five a.m.
-
Mike rubbed his eyes and took in his surroundings. Trees were everywhere he looked, and about 100 yards away was a bright light. He felt his stomach tighten and the blood rush from his head as he realized he was in the Nightmare World. Had he somehow not had enough to drink? The thought that he might have puked didn’t cross his mind. He started toward the light but didn’t get very far.
A rustling in front of him revealed a Wanderer, which had glided out from behind a tree. This one stood about eight feet tall but was otherwise indistinguishable from the one he had seen before. It stopped in front of the light of Merlin’s cabin, blocking it from Mike’s view. He froze, unsure how to proceed. Then, he became more unsure. About ten feet to the right of the Wanderer in front of him, another one revealed itself. Then another one showed itself 10 more feet away. Then another. And another, and another, and another. Within 30 seconds they had surrounded him, all about 10 feet apart from each other and 20 feet away from Mike.
He was frozen with fear and had no weapons. Together, the Wanderers began moving in on him, slowly closing the gaps between themselves. As he became more frightened, he started hyperventilating, his knees wobbling as the energy drained from his body. He had to do something; if he stayed scared, he would die. Mike decided to give Merlin’s training a try. Summoning all of his concentration, he created a fist in his mind. Staring at the Wanderer in front of him, he fired it like a cannonball, the mind bullet smashing into the top third of the creature. The point of impact caved, the force of the attack sending it flying head over heels backwards. It didn’t disappear like the one Leon had killed, so Mike figured it wasn’t dead, but it created an opening in the circle.
This was all Mike needed. He sprinted through the hole, making it out just before they were able to close him in. The one he had hit was back up and Mike cut to his right, slipping past it. His intention was to keep running toward Merlin’s but his dodge had forced his hand. Now they were close enough that he needed to fight. He turned around and fired another mind bullet at the nearest one, sending it back.
It wasn’t likely he would be able to defeat them this way, but he might be able to make it to Merlin’s safe zone. Unfortunately, Wanderers were quick when they wanted to be, and they had again spread out around him, although in more of a semi-circle this time, blocking his escape. Mike decided he would try a wave. He focused, concentrating the energy in his mind into as tight of a ball as possible, allowing it to build up. This required him to stop moving, and that caused the Wanderers to abandon their circle strategy as they started in on him. The energy in Mike’s brain was reaching a boiling point, screaming to be let out, but he kept it in. The Wanderers closed in, five feet away, now four, now three.
Mike let it out. He felt the energy explode out of his head like a small bomb, firing out with such a force that it rattled the trees. It couldn’t be seen, but it could be felt. The Wanderers flew backwards, none going less than 30 feet. A couple of them were blasted into trees, their bodies vanishing on impact. What happened to those that didn’t die, Mike didn’t know. He put his head down and booked it toward the light, running with a speed and stamina he simply didn’t have in the waking world.
-
Merlin got up to answer the pounding on the door. He opened it and saw Mike, covered in sweat but not breathing too hard. A voice from behind him yelled.
“MIKE! What the HELL are you doing here?” It was Terry. “Did I NOT tell you to drink?”
“I’m sorry, man,” he said. “I got absolutely wasted tonight. I figured it would be enough. Then I found myself here.”
“Well, it’s a good thing you made it to the cabin. Maybe we can work some strategy with you tonight,” Merlin replied. “I’m glad you’re OK. There was a huge explosion not too far from here just a minute ago.”
A stupid grin appeared on Mike’s face.
“What’s so funny?” Terry was still pissed. “You could have jeopardized this whole operation. Dammit Mike, you could have jeopardized your life.”
“Well, it just so happens that that big explosion,” Mike explained with an undeniable smugness. “Was caused by me.”
The look on Terry’s face was caught between various expressions. It was part anger, part pride, part awe, and part stupefaction.
“That was YOU?” He stole a glance at Merlin. “Mike, we might have our hands full with Chris, but I think he’s going to have his hands just as full with you.”
-
The three of them were back in the weapons room. Terry, his anger subsided, had decided that he might as well take advantage of the opportunity to let Mike pick the weapons he would use to fight Chris. Time was of the essence now that Julie had been dragged into the picture and they were going to have to get started fighting Chris sooner than expected.
He had already taken a few weapon on a test run, but Mike’s eye was drawn back to the pair of gloves he had seen earlier. They were leather and went halfway down the fingers, with a metal plate on the top of the hand, extending a few inches above the wrist. The first plate was covered with small vertical blades.
There were also smaller plates that covered the fingers, and these too had small blades. He summoned them over. Merlin smiled.
“Good choice. I had a pair of those when fighting Garofino. They are nasty. Do you have any idea how to punch?”
“I boxed in college,” Mike said. “I even had a few amateur fights before I got my job with Frost.”
“Perfect. These are most effective when you know how to use them. Hooks and uppercuts...” Merlin shook his head. “Pure carnage. Try them out on some dummies built with the consistency of the enemies you will be facing.”
The floor dropped another level to the training room. Merlin summoned 20 dummies, ten that looked like Wanderers, ten like Forsaken.
“Have at it,” Merlin said.
Mike approached a Wanderer first, wanting to know how to kill that which had nearly killed him. He hit it with a left jab and a right hook. Slits opened on its body where it had been punched, then the dummy disappeared.
“So does that mean I killed it?”
“Yes,” Merlin replied. “That’s one of the beauties of those weapons. They’re small, but they hit Wanderers in just the right way.”
Mike moved to the next dummy, this time needing only one punch. He took out a few more, then moved to a Forsaken dummy. He hit it with a combination, left, right, left hook, right uppercut, left uppercut to the body, right hook to the body. What resulted was a bloody mess. What had been its face was now ribbons. Flaps of skin hung around the area of both temples, blood gushing down the sides. Its cheek was shattered, deep indentations and small cuts appearing where Mike had hit it with a straight right. Blood flowed down its neck from where it had been hit with the upper cut.
The body wasn’t in great shape either. Mike’s right hook had dug into the fleshy part beneath the ribs. Two-inch-long slashes lined the area, its hip doused in blood. He swung again, this time aiming a hook at its jugular. It was like taking a chainsaw to warm butter. The gore that covered the floor was indescribable. With a wide grin, Mike turned to the other two.
“I love them.”
Merlin smiled back.
“I knew you would. The great thing about these gloves is that
you can wear them while holding other weapons. Speaking of which, let’s try some of them out. Enjoy your pickings.”

Chapter 17
Mike woke up at seven, not feeling hopeless, definitely due in part to his time in the Nightmare World. Between his survival against the Wanderers and the weapons he had picked, he felt much better about the mess than he had when it had started. He rolled out of bed and went to his bathroom; he wasn’t feeling too bad physically, either. He opened the door and entered, answered nature’s call, then went about making himself presentable.
He started with a quick shower then moved to the sink to start shaving. As he looked into the mirror, his brown eyes and narrow brow stared back at him, as did the Wanderer behind him. Literally a step back and they would have been touching. Mike stood still on his floor mat, dripping water into the fabric below. First thing he was going to do when he got to work was get some coffee. He didn’t want to be dealing with visions all day.
Finally it moved, exiting out of the doorway and leaving Mike in peace. After a few moments to recover, he got to shaving. By 7:40, he was out the door.
-
Julie awoke feeling kind of like Mike had the day before. It was nine o’clock, plenty of time to get ready for work, but it seemed as though moving would be a near impossibility. She too had ordered in and now felt her dinner coming up; she did her best to squelch the feeling. After a few minutes, the nausea subsided and she decided to get out of bed. When she had gotten to sleep and how much she had drunk, she didn’t know.
Her feet touched the floor and the room started spinning. She sat back down. A few minutes later, she tried to get up again. This time, she couldn’t hold her dinner down. She lunged toward the bathroom but couldn’t quite make it to the toilet. The bathroom floor was going to need cleaning. But not right now. There was no way she was making it to work. She crawled back into bed and called work on her cell phone, letting them know she was sick.
She sat, staring at the ceiling. She knew Terry didn’t want her sleeping without booze, but if food wouldn’t stay down, neither would vodka. Sleep it was.
-
Julie found herself standing in a hallway. To her left was a woman in a combat suit. A blue helmet with an insignia on its side sat on her head. It looked like that of a futuristic fighter pilot, sleek, but covering the entire head. A visor protected her face. Her body was likewise covered in a jumpsuit. Large shoulder pads extended down the side of her arm to the elbow. Similar armor covered her forearms and hands. It looked like a strong metal. In fact, this type of material covered most of her body, the interior jumpsuit revealed only in a few places. A sidearm rested on her right hip and a rifle was in her hands.
Julie was wearing the same armor and holding the same gun, as were the people in front of and behind her. There were ten of them in total. At once, they began marching forward, entering a large green room. It was the length of two football fields, equally as wide and half as tall. A screen cut the room in two and turned black. Floating rocks littered the area, for cover, she assumed. The ten of them walked to the far end of the room and lined up across it. A voice came over the loudspeaker.
“Cadets, training session 351 will begin in ten seconds. Ready your weapons and be prepared to fight. Now activating zero gravity.”
Julie saw half of the cadets propel themselves upwards, grabbing hold of the grid lines on the walls to halt their progress. It was at this point that she noted the fuel boosters protruding from their backs. She had no idea how she would go about operating hers.
“Psst, hey,” she called to the woman she had entered next to. “How do I work these jet pack things?”
She gave Julie a funny look.
“They’re linked to your brain, did you forget training?” She looked away and muttered to herself. “Moron.”
“3, 2, 1...GO!” The loudspeaker called out. The black barrier disappeared and Julie saw ten people in red on the other side. She used her legs to propel herself upward, bringing herself to a stop by slamming into a rock. Lasers began firing from all directions. A blue cadet was heading for cover near the midpoint of the arena when he was shot in the chest. The impact sent him flying into the back wall. He slumped to the bottom and curled into a ball. Julie turned her attention back to the fight.
She peeked over the rock to scout the area. Red flashes were speeding across her field of vision and she was unable to focus on much of anything. Then a voice called out over her intercom.
“Below!”
Julie looked down and saw an enemy flying underneath her, its back to the ground, gun pointed up at her. She decided to try her thrusters. Up, she thought, and was launched toward the ceiling. A laser passed within inches of her, her last second movement enough to make it miss. She continued up. Stop. She aimed her gun down to where her enemy had been. He was now otherwise occupied with avoiding her teammates. She lined up her sights and fired. The blast hit him in the knee, causing him to start spinning elliptically. Firing again, she hit him in the back, sending him crashing to the floor. He, too, curled into a ball and waited.
With a newfound confidence, she turned back to the action and headed for cover, finding it behind another rock. It wasn’t going to be enough to protect her whole body, but it gave her a moment to review the situation. To her right was another red cadet, firing over cover but unaware he was now flanked. Julie shot him in the side, sending him into the wall.
She sprang over the rock and deeper into enemy territory, heading for a bigger piece of cover. Halfway there, pain filled her foot and she began spinning. That’s what it feels like to be shot, she thought. Still spinning, she slammed into a rock, which in turn started drifting slightly. Shaking off the cobwebs, she reoriented herself just in time to realize she was looking down the barrel of a gun. An instant later a blast hit her in the chest, sending her flying back into another rock. A message flashed across her visor: KILL CONFIRMED. SHUTTING DOWN. She sank to the bottom and found her suit forcing her body to curl into a ball. Her chest and foot throbbed like hell.
-
Julie was awakened by a call around 4:30 in the afternoon. “Hello?” she asked groggily.
“Hey, Julie, it’s Mike.”
“Oh hi,” she perked up. “What’s up?”
“I got off work a little early and I just got home. I thought I’d see if I could reach you. How much longer is your shift? Am I interrupting anything?”
“No. I didn’t go into work today, wasn’t feeling well. Hungover like you wouldn’t believe.”
“I know. I’ve been dealing with the same thing. It’s a pain. Hopefully I can take care of it before too long so you don’t have to drink yourself to death to stay sane. Anyway, that’s not the reason I called. Would you like to meet up soon? Get some dinner, maybe drinks if you’re up for it?”
“I’d love to. I’ve been sleeping off the hangover much of the day, can we make it like 5:30?”
“Sure, I’ll come pick you up.”
-
The first thing Mike noticed when he saw Julie come out of her apartment was a slight limp in her step. He asked her about it as she got in the car.
“What happened to your foot?”
Julie sighed.
“Well, you know how we’re not supposed to go to sleep without drinking?” Mike nodded. “Well, after I woke up this morning I knew I needed more sleep. There was no way my system was going to handle alcohol, so I passed out without drinking, had a dream and hurt my foot, as well as my chest. The evidence keeps mounting.”
“I’m sorry. And it does keep mounting, doesn’t it? I wish there was some better way to deal with this situation. I kind of cooled it with the drinking after college. That crap just doesn’t cut it in the professional world. Any idea where you’d like to go?”
Julie contemplated this for a second.
“I’ve been thinking Chinese,” she suggested. “P.F. Chang’s maybe?”
“I haven’t been there in a while. Sounds good.”
After a dinner in which they shared great conversation and better food, Mike inquired about drinks.
“You up for a few rounds?”
“That Chinese food killed whatever hangover I might have had left. Why not?”
They got into Mike’s car and headed to Shangri La. They ordered their drinks, Mike a pint of Guinness, Julie a pint of Fat Tire, then headed up to the roof.
“You drink beer? That’s hot,” Mike joked as Julie ordered.
“Love it. Those fruity mixed drinks are nice too, but nothing beats a solid brewski.”
This girl’s awesome, Mike thought as he put his arm around her. They were looking out at the Pacific Ocean, which was having a wonderfully calming effect on him. But the reprieve was only temporary. As the anxiety returned, he couldn’t keep it to himself.
“I’m not going to lie, Julie, I’m pretty scared.”
“About what?”
“Well, tonight when I go to sleep, I’m going to the Nightmare
World. I have ten days to kill Chris. Or him to kill me,” he saw concern in Julie’s eyes. “I’m sorry to throw all of this on you. If you hadn’t met me—”
“Mike,” she cut him off. “Don’t blame yourself. You’re a nice guy and I like you. The fact the Chris went after you is his fault alone.”
“So you admit you believe everything Terry’s said?”
She grabbed his hand.
“I do. I’ve been convinced,” Maybe the alcohol was giving her
the little push necessary to say it out loud, but she could no longer deny it. “Regardless, I’m sure you’ll be fine.”
Mike smiled.
“Thanks. I just, I just don’t know. I’ve had some training, I know what weapons I’m going to use. But this isn’t something you go through life expecting to have to do. Sometimes I just think I’m going crazy.”
“You’re not. Your friend Terry speaks of this too seriously, and after the dreams I’ve had I know you’re not insane,” her grip tightened on his hand. “What do you say we blow this joint? I have some more brews at my place.”
“Yes, let’s do that.”
-
Julie’s house was a short drive from the bar. Mike was probably pushing it a little, but he was confident enough that he wasn’t too drunk to drive. She led him up to her apartment and they sat down on her couch. Julie went to the fridge and brought out two bottles of Fat Tire. Mike put his arm around her as she sat down next to him. She turned on SportsCenter.
“You like beer and sports? If I make it through this, we’re getting married,” he said, hoping she wouldn’t find his joke too forward. She laughed.
“You have no idea how many guys have said that to me,” she said with a grin. “Never gets old.”
John Saunders was previewing Sunday’s NFL games.
“Oh god,” Julie said. “I really don’t want to hear about how badly my Bears are going to get creamed this weekend.”
Pretty drunk at this point, Mike leaned over and kissed her passionately.
“I’m sorry, that was just the sexiest thing I’ve ever heard anyone say,” he realized this point was getting stale, but he was drunk, and it was awesome. “Sorry to keep harping on that, but the fact that you’re as big of a football fan as I am is rad.”
Another hour of drinking and talking turned into kissing. Then Mike’s hands got a little frisky, with Julie responding in turn, after which the pants came off. A few minutes later, Julie looked up, wiped her mouth, and said:
“Not to be morbid, but I realize that I may never see you again. What do you say we take this to the bedroom?”
“I say that’s one hell of a going-away present.”
So they moved to the bedroom, for their first, and maybe last, time together.

Chapter 18
Mike got home around 5 am on Saturday, having let most of the booze leave his system before driving home. He went straight to his bed upon arriving, but didn’t go straight to sleep. His nerves were running rampant, the impending journey occupying every thought, although the events of his night were certainly putting up a fight for attention. For an hour, the fluttering in his stomach and buzzing in his mind kept him awake, but around six, his eyes finally started to droop. A few minutes later he was fast asleep.
-
Terry got up to answer Merlin’s door, the knocking getting incessant. Mike was standing at the entrance.
“Hey man, are you ready to get this started?”
“No,” Mike replied. “But waiting isn’t going to help. Let’s do this.”
They entered the house, veering left around the divide and into the back room. Merlin was nowhere to be found.
“Where’s the wizard?” Mike asked.
“Downstairs, finishing augmentation on your weapons,” Terry replied. “Let’s go find him.”
anMike’s weapons were suspended in front of him: the bladed gloves, the modified Trent halberd, the mace with the spikes that Terry had previously used, three short daggers and a short sword about two feet long.
“Glad to see you Mike. Are you ready for this?”
“Ready as I’ll ever be,” he replied. “Where exactly am I going to find this kid?”
“Well, normally it would take a decent amount of traveling until one of you found the other, usually him you. But he and Garofino seem to be on particularly good terms. Chances are that he’s in the castle. There, he has the most protection and the most leverage. Given the situation with Julie, he’s probably banking on the fact that you’ll go find him there. Not a bad assumption,” Merlin explained. “The castle’s last known location is not a very long trek through this forest, but make haste, because he can move it, and he might do so again soon.”
“I’ve only been in there once. I really don’t know what powers it holds and the types of things you’ll be facing,” Terry warned. “As far as I know, my short time there is as much experience as anyone has had with it. Anyone who can tell the tale, anyway.”
Merlin nodded in agreement.
“It’s a pretty unknown commodity, unfortunately. Very likely an especially dangerous place for an unwelcome person, which is probably why Chris would be there, making it as hard as he can for you. You’ll have to make the best use of your weapons as well as the best use of your mind. There are some more complicated things I’d like to teach you, but we just don’t have the time since Chris is going after Julie as well.”
“So I guess we should get a move on then?” Mike asked. “How will we know where to go if the castle’s gone?”
“We won’t,” Terry replied. “There are a few areas that are significantly more likely than others, but let’s just get there as quickly as possible so we don’t have to worry about that.”
“I wish you the best of luck,” Merlin said. “You are very strong in this world Mike, more than you can begin to understand. You will do well, and you have a very good guide.” The wizard looked at Terry.
“Thank you, Merlin. I know you have taught me well. Farewell,” Mike said.
“Goodbye boss, I hope the next time I see you I have good news,” Terry finished.
Merlin led them back up to the main floor of his house and out the door.
-
The forest was as still as ever, the only sound the crunching of pine needles beneath Mike and Terry’s feet. The comforting light of Merlin’s cabin grew ever more distant as they headed toward Garofino’s castle. Terry led the way, promising it wasn’t that long of a journey out of the forest, but to Mike, it seemed endless and aimless.
They continued in silence for a number of minutes until, finally, the cabin was out of sight. There was nothing to see aside from the densely packed trees, and even those were nearly invisible in the darkness. Terry carried only a katana and a handful of daggers; his expertise with these weapons made using anything else a waste of time and effort in comparison. He also had a small, round bottle filled with kerosene, as well as a rag and a few matches. Just in case, he had told Mike.
To him, the forest was as easy to navigate as his home. The slight differences in the spacing of the tress and the smells that filled the air directed him with ease. Not so much for Mike.
“How close are we, exactly?” he asked.
“Closer than you’d think,” Terry replied. “Another few—“
He stopped cold, bringing his index finger to his lips in a
shushing motion. Mike stopped, bewildered. Then he saw it. From all sides, Wanderers and Forsaken were emerging from the woodwork. Some Forsaken looked almost human, only
slight deformities giving away their decaying state. Others were horrifying. Unhinged, flopping jaws, eyes hanging out of their sockets, one had a limp caused by a bone protruding from its calf. Noses had fallen off and their skin looked like it was melting. Most were wearing clothes, but the garments were as tattered as the creatures wearing them. In all, there were 14 enemies, seven Wanderers and seven Forsaken.
Mike grabbed the Trent halberd that was strapped to his back and brought it to a ready position, turning his back so that he faced away from Terry. Terry turned in the same manner, but didn’t draw his katana. Slowly the creatures began to move in. Almost too quickly to see, Terry grabbed and threw three of his daggers. By the time Mike realized that his friend had made a move, gashes appeared on two of the Wanderers as the knives went through them, their bodies disintegrating. The other hit a Forsaken in the middle of its skull, but it continued to lumber forward.
Without warning, the incoming mob picked up speed. The Forsaken charged. Nothing seemed to change about the Wanderers, but they were approaching more quickly as well. Mike swung the axe end of his halberd horizontally at an approaching Forsaken. The blade cut clean through its neck, decapitating it in a shower of blood. There was no time to draw it back again and take another swing so he used the scythe end on the back swing. It embedded itself in the head of a Forsaken whose dangling jaw appeared as though it would fall off in a light breeze.
Mike ripped the weapon out of its head and brought it back to a ready position. Between him and Terry, they had cut the enemy’s numbers in half, but by this point the distance separating them was negligible. Mike tried to swing his halberd again but found a Forsaken trying to wrestle it from his grip as he brought it back. This gave two Wanderers a chance to close in, making defense virtually impossible. He feared the worst, not ready to see what lay hidden under those sheets.
A blade cut through both the air and a Wanderer, causing the latter to disintegrate. Terry lifted his sword and did the same to the one standing next to it as well. Meanwhile, Mike was still trying to regain control of his weapon from the Forsaken. The beast was much stronger than it’s decaying state would suggest, and Mike feared that he was on the end of a losing battle. He dropped his halberd and took out his mace. Dropping the weapon had thrown the Forsaken off balance and Mike took advantage of that to turn and bludgeon it in the face. The power of the blow knocked it sprawling, but the spikes on the ball ripped part of its head off. As a result, it hit the ground with just the right half of its skull still attached to its neck.
Resilient, it tried to get back up, so Mike brought the mace down again, pulverizing the remaining half. He picked up his halberd and turned back to the action. There were still a couple of Wanderers and Forsaken bearing down on them. Focusing his mind, Mike built up energy and sent it flying out in all directions. The remaining enemies were sent sprawling, Terry delivering the killing blows before they were able to get back up.
He and Mike surveyed the carnage.
“Nice work out there, rookie,” Terry said, patting Mike on the back.
“Thanks,” he replied. “You weren’t kidding about this mace.” Pieces of head were still stuck to it.
“I know, right? Anyway, let’s keep moving, we’re almost out of here.”
A quarter of an hour later, Mike noticed the forest starting to thin out: they were finally reaching its outskirts. A few minutes later, they stepped out of it, now in a plain that stretched far in all directions.
“The castle’s not too much farther ahead. We should be able to see it soon,” Terry noted.
“You’ve been in it just that one time, right?” Mike asked.
“Yeah, the night Chris drugged me. It’s not a place I’ve ever had reason or interest to visit. I don’t really know what’s in there, other than goblins apparently, but I doubt it’s pleasant.”
“Yet we’re heading there now?” Incredulity tinged Mike’s voice.
“I thought I’d explained this. I’m almost certain that’s where Chris is. He is such a unique case, I’m sure he has the blessing and help of Garofino. I don’t really want to, but if we want to end this now I think it’s best to walk right into the lion’s den.”
“You’re the boss,” Mike muttered with some disdain, but left it at that.
They continued walking side by side, leaving the forest behind them, flat grassland the only thing in sight. A voice stopped them in their tracks.
“Terry Green, you bastard.”
The two of them spun around and found themselves looking down the barrel of a pistol.
“Nightmare Child?” Mike whispered.
“Nightmare Child. Be cool.”
“Shut up!” One of the men yelled. He was short but stocky,
standing no more than 5 foot 7. His dark hair reached down to his shoulders. He was wearing a cream colored T-shirt and jeans, pointed interlocking teeth revealing themselves every time he
spoke. He raised his hand and began waving it in circles, turning his glance back toward the forest as he did so, signaling others to come join him.
This short lapse in his concentration was all Terry needed. He extended his consciousness and became one with the gun, now in control of its properties. With no visible exertion, he bent the barrel of the pistol skyward, rendering it useless. Then he shifted his focus to the man himself and yanked him upwards with his mind. This all happened in a fraction of a second.
Other Nightmare Children were moving toward them with blistering speed. It appeared they may have mistimed their ambush slightly, but they were more than making up for it. They all had guns. Terry threw the suspended Child into one of the enemies speeding toward them, the impact knocking him sideways to the ground. That left 15 headed their way.
Mike acted as well, firing a focused blast of energy from his mind toward the nearest enemy. The concentrated shot hit it right in the chest, splitting its breastplate with an audible crunch. It dropped to the ground in agony. The Children stopped 20 yards away from Mike and Terry, all taking aim. Most of them had pistols, but a few were carrying rifles; one even had a mini-gun .
“On my go, hit the deck. One, two...” Terry whispered.
The foremost attacker spoke up.
“Terry Green and Mike Goddard, you are thorns in the ass of
our Father. Your presence in His world is unwelcome,” slowly, the others began forming a sort of semi-circle around the two of them. “Therefore, your existence must be terminated.”
“Go!” Terry exclaimed. The 14 remaining Children began shooting simultaneously, bullets whizzing through the space that had previously been occupied by Mike and Terry’s heads.
Mike looked over at his friend and saw a look of extreme focus, maybe even some pain, on his face. Then he saw the look relax. What followed was unreal, even given everything Mike had seen up to that point. The world began to distort around a tiny, invisible point that was heading toward the man with the mini-gun. Blades of grass on the ground sprang up toward it, and Mike felt like he was being tugged in its direction. The bullets flying in their direction failed to go past that point, instead being sucked into it like it was a tiny black hole. As it neared the middle of the group, their bodies began distorting, stretching toward the point. Their bodies became longer and thinner, turning into long strands of flesh, not unlike spaghetti. Within two minutes, there was no sign of 13 of the remaining 14 Nightmare Children. They had slowly but surely been pulled into whatever it was that Terry had sent in their direction.
But one had gotten away. An experienced Nightmare Child named Robert Klein, who knew when to fight and knew when to run. Terry and Mike had not seen him escape, and were busy talking to one another.
“What—how—THE HELL WAS THAT?” Mike wound up yelling, eyes wide.
“I created a singularity, a distortion of gravity. It is such a concentration of mind power in such a small point that it sucks everything in a 15 or 20 foot radius directly into it, although its effects can be felt from over 50 feet away,” he paused to take a few huge breaths. “It takes a tremendous amount of energy and focus.” Another pause. “Especially on that scale, but you saw what it does.”
“It was incredible,” Mike replied. Terry’s knees began to give. “Whoa, whoa, whoa, take a seat, man.” He helped him down. Terry put his head between his knees. As he did, Robert grabbed his gun and decided that it was a good time to go on the offensive.
Three gunshots rang out in quick succession. The bones in Terry’s left hand broke as a bullet embedded itself in it. Mike was hit with the other two, both in his upper back, one hitting the right shoulder blade. He let out a scream, dropping to a knee. Looking back over his shoulder, he saw a man walking toward them, pistol held out in front of him. He shot it again.
The bullet nicked Mike just over the left eye, missing entering his brain by a matter of millimeters. The man himself didn’t appear to be in terrible shape. There was nothing falling off of his face, no blood gushing from anywhere, he simply looked like a human being. Other than his teeth, of course. By that point, he had closed the distance between himself and Terry and Mike. His gun was pointed at Mike’s head.
With great effort, Terry threw himself at Robert, causing him to fire haphazardly as he was dragged to the ground, his gun flying out of his hand. Still exhausted from having created the singularity, Terry did his best to keep Robert from getting up, but he physically could not do it and blacked out.
Throwing the unconscious body off of him, Robert stood up and looked for his gun. He found it in the hands of Mike, who had crawled over to pick it up in spite of the pain flaring through his body. He raised it to Robert’s head and shot him in the temple.

Ten minutes later, Terry came to. Pushing himself up into a sitting position, he looked over at Mike.
“I’m going to need you to put some pieces together for me,” he said.
Mike nodded in understanding, filling in the details of the last 20 minutes.
“How are you doing, Mike?”
“I got shot a few times in the back,” he winced, his shoulder blade flaring in pain every time he inhaled. “It hurts to breathe.”
“Roll over on to your stomach,” Terry replied.
“Ok, why?” Mike asked, as he did just that.
“I’m taking the bullets out.”
Mike opened his mouth to inquire further when he felt his
back go cold. It was like someone was pouring ice water into the bullet holes. He went completely still, then screamed as one of the rounds was slowly extracted from the flesh in his back, dragging against the nerves along his muscles. He screamed again as Terry used his mind to pull the second bullet out as well, the rough casing scraping against the splintered bone, causing it to splinter further, the fragments spreading along the nerves. Finally, the pain subsided, the bullet removed from his body.
“Don’t move!” Terry said harshly as Mike started to roll over. “I’m going to knit that shoulder blade back together. Mike again lay still on his stomach, feeling the cold rush of Terry’s mind take a hold of the fractured bone.
What followed was the most excruciating experience of Mike Goddard’s life. His shoulder blade had been snapped in half across the middle, and now the splintered halves of the bone began knitting themselves together. But not with any care. It felt more like the bones were two misaligned gears being slammed together, their teeth interlocking improperly, both wheels trying to turn, neither having success. The pressure built, as though the teeth were pressing against each other obstinately, the feeling in his back one of an immense buildup of energy. The metaphorical gears strained, fighting harder and harder to turn, until the teeth snapped and the pressure gave, the bones snapping into place perfectly. He let out a huge sigh of relief.
“Don’t move much for another five minutes and you’ll be golden,” Terry instructed. Then he looked down at his left hand and began pulling the bullet out of it with his mind.
“Thanks man. How did they know we were coming?”
“I don’t know. But that’s the kind of thing I was worried would happen if you bounced between worlds too much. Thankfully, it didn’t happen when you were alone. Don’t forget to grab that gun before we leave, which we should do shortly. We still have a lot of work to do.”
-
A quarter of an hour later, the pain had subsided from Mike’s back and they were ready to go. As they continued toward the castle, Mike picked Terry’s brain about the singularity.
“How the hell exactly did you do that? Is there any way I can learn?”
“If we had more time I would have tried to teach you before we left. I think you’re more capable of it than most, but it’s still an emergency maneuver. You saw what it did to me. Anyway, you know how you build up your energy before creating a wave?”
“Yeah,” Mike nodded in acknowledgement. “It just keeps getting tighter in your mind, the energy building until you just can’t hold it anymore, then it explodes.”
“Well, that’s the same concept for this. But if you can keep it from exploding, then your mind just can’t handle the immense amount of pressure that’s built up. That small ball of energy you’ve built up in your head is forced out, still in ball form, as if it were charging. There is so much energy that it creates its own gravitational pull while advancing. You control it like you do any other extension of your mind.”
“I see why it’s so taxing,” Mike replied. “How much build up does it require?”
“Well, right before that happens, it should feel as though your brain is about to implode. It’s a desperate, panicky feeling, like not being able to breathe, but when it passes you immediately start to see its effects.”
Mike contemplated this for a second. He remembered the amount of pressure he had been able to build up. Could he have really been that far off from creating a mental singularity? He grinned at the thought.
“Tell me, Terry. How strong is my mind? I don’t really have a barometer, and I guess I’d like to know where I sit on the scale of power.”
Terry though for a moment how best to put it. Then, an analogy came to him.
“I’ll put it this way: you’ve got the potential to be Shaquille O’Neal. Maybe not the best ever, but with some work you’ll be arguably good enough to beat anyone you face. But this is all speculation. You’ve got the ability, but you’re not there yet.”
Shaquille O’Neal. That was a nice comparison: Mike never been compared to a high-profile athlete before. He smiled.
“Thanks. For someone who supposedly died in the 1800s, you sure know how to make colloquial references. Although, for future reference, just call him Shaq. Saying his full name sounds weird at this point. Like saying Frederick instead of Fred.”
As he finished talking about names, the castle came into sight. It was wedged between two hills which surrounded three quarters of the castle. They weren’t very tall, but they extended a long way in both directions, providing the castle with some nice natural protection. It made approaching it from the front the only real option.
The castle itself had two guard towers at its entrance, which was marked by a large wooden door in between them. There was a much larger, single tower at the back of the castle that extended high above the hills. The entrance of the castle was only about 100 feet wide, but the tower in back stretched over 300 feet into the air, twice as high as the front of the castle was. He couldn’t tell its depth, but it seemed to stretch longer than its width might suggest.
It was those colors, however, that really caught Mike’s eye. Each individual brick of the building was a constantly changing, iridescent shade. They didn’t so much flash as gradually shift, going from blue to green to red to purple and other random colors seamlessly, creating constantly changing combinations.
“There it is,” Terry said. “Garofino’s castle. Try not to get too mesmerized by the bricks.”
The sound of Terry’s voice brought Mike out of his stupor.
“Not bad advice. It’s unlike anything I’ve ever seen,” he replied. “Do we just walk in?”
“Pretty much. I think I can force the doors open with my mind. We need to be prepared for a plethora of guards, but I think we can take them. I’m pretty sure Garofino’s enchanted that castle to make gunpowder inert: he wouldn’t let something like a gun be the end of him. But I can’t be sure, so bring the pistol to be safe.”
They were 50 yards away now, and approaching quickly, when the castle appeared to flicker. Just once. Without a word, Terry broke into a full sprint. Mike was astute enough to follow suit without asking the burning question of what the hell was going on. It flickered again. They were only 35 yards out. Then it flickered again. And again. And again, the breaks between flashes getting shorter. Terry pumped his legs as hard as he could, doing everything he could to close the gap. It began flashing like a strobe light; on-off-on-off-on-off. As they got within 10 yards of the entrance, it flickered one more time, and that was it. In place of where the castle once stood, only a few cobblestones remained, their changing colors taunting Mike and Terry.
“No,” Terry whispered, his dismay too great to leave room for anger. He put his hands on his hips and looked off in the distance at nothing in particular.
“What just happened?” Mike asked. He stuck both his hands out, palms up, making comical pointing gestures. “It was there, and now it’s not.”
“Garofino managed to move it,” Terry replied.
“What? How? That’s an immense feat.”
“No kidding. Not even Merlin could do something like that.
Sometimes it’s a surprise the procedure doesn’t kill Garofino. That’s why it flickered, it was entirely possible he wouldn’t have had the strength to move it and we’d be inside right now. He’s going to spend the next few days inert, recovering his strength.”
Mike stood there, stunned. Moving a book was one thing. Hell, taking control of a tree took a lot of energy. But an entire castle?
“You’re telling me he’s strong enough to visualize and move the whole building?”
“Precisely.”
Mike had nothing to say. He was stunned. Now all that lay in front of him was a sizable hill, with a navigable trail that lead to the top.
“So, what now?” Mike asked. “Where did it go? Where do we go?”
“We go up the hill. As for the castle, it’s a crapshoot.” Terry said. His frustration was manifesting itself in the directness of his answers. Disappointment still had not left his voice. “But we might as well start looking. It’s entirely possible that Chris will leave the castle and come after you, but I wouldn’t bank on it, so there’s no quitting. Embrace the suck,” he concluded. Mike had never seen him upset like this.
With spirits low, and without another word, they headed toward the hill.
-
The climb up was more of a nuisance than an obstacle, but the climb down the other side would prove to be more difficult. Whereas they had been presented with a nice, angled trail up, the other side was nearly a flat drop. There were a couple of rocks sticking out, but other than that, very few places to gain footing. And it was about a 300-foot drop down. Terry stood at the edge of the cliff, peering over it. A look of concentration was etched on his face.
Surveying the flat landing of the hill, he saw a number of rocks strewn all over. A few of them were big enough for what he was looking to do. He turned toward Mike.
“Come up to the edge. You’ll know when to jump,” he instructed. Mike opened his mouth to inquire further. “You’ll know,” Terry reiterated. Again, curt, unclear answers. They were starting to get irritating.
Mike stood along the edge, trying not to look down. Slowly, the larger rocks behind him started to lift off the ground, as Terry willed them to. He set them down next to the edge. Mike began to get a picture of what he was looking to do.
“Are you ready?” Terry asked.
“Sure,” Mike answered without confidence, resigned to his fate.
This time, one rock was lifted off the ground and it moved off the edge of the cliff. Terry lowered it about 20 feet down then stopped it. He gave Mike a slight nod. Mike jumped, aiming for the rock that looked much too small to land on from where he was standing. But he landed on it, his footing stable enough. He looked up to see another rock coming down, settling about 20 feet below him. As he jumped down onto this one, the rock behind him dropped to the ground. Again, another rock floated down below Mike, and he jumped down onto that one too.
In this manner, he made it all the way down the side of the cliff, glad to be back on solid ground. He looked back up at Terry, wondering how he was going to make it down. As he finished that thought, he saw Terry step on a rock. Then he saw the rock rise, with Terry still standing on it, and together they floated down the face of the cliff.
“Why did you get to do that while I had to go jumping all over the place?” Mike asked.
“It’s much harder to do it to someone else. The farther you get away, the more effort it takes to keep the rock in motion with the added weight of a person. Didn’t want to pass out and leave you to fall.”
“Fair enough,” Mike said. Having settled down, he finally took a look at the terrain in front of him. The contrast was striking. The vegetation on the other side had stayed on the other side. Only a vast expanse of sand lay in front of them, with dunes rising into view not too far in the distance. “Do you know where this leads?”
“More or less. Don’t worry, we’ll get out of this desert before too long. Just keep your eyes peeled, you never know what’s lying in the sand.”
Mike nodded in understanding, not thrilled at the last part of that statement.
“I guess we just go then, huh?” 
“Yes, yes we do,” Terry responded.
-
It was a good thing that stamina was not an issue in the Nightmare World, because there was no way Mike would have made it over the sheer number of dunes if he were doing it in the waking world. They would trudge their way up one, taking three steps to advance two, slide down the other side, then start climbing again as soon as they hit the bottom. After getting over the eighteenth dune or so, Mike looked over at Terry.
“Dude, what the hell? It just keeps going. It’s like that scene in Spaceballs after the ship runs out of fuel and they crash. ‘Just one more dune to go.’ ‘You said that three dunes ago,’” he quipped, quoting his favorite movie.
“I know, I know. We’re getting there. Just keep trudging along. There’s no other way to go about this,” Terry replied. As he finished his sentence, a hand reached up out of the sand and grabbed him by the ankle. The hand was quickly separated from its owner as Terry took out his katana and cut it off. The Forsaken revealed itself as it emerged fully. Mike looked around and saw them coming out of the sand from all directions. They had been invisible ten seconds ago, now they looked like swamp creatures emerging from the depths of the water.
Mike drew his halberd, the moon providing just enough light to make efficient combat feasible. A Forsaken was emerging from the sand below, so Mike hit it with the jeweled bottom of his weapon. The impact caved its skull. Running down the dune in front of him were three more, their bodies in the late stages of decay. The first one to reach the bottom had a chunk missing from its head and its brain was hanging out of that hole. It was promptly met by the business end of Mike’s halberd, the ax cutting it nearly in half.
The other two met the same fate. Mike turned to face any attackers behind him when he was tackled by a Forsaken. His face was driven into the sand, his eyes burning as the tiny rocks found their way inside his eyelids. The thing was tearing at his back, ripping the flesh. Two more piled on joined it, tearing off strips of his skin like strips of beef jerky. Mike’s struggles to free himself proved fruitless. One of them bit his left calf and blood started to flow freely. In a fit of anger and frustration, Mike let fly a wave of energy in all directions. The impact knocked the Forsaken off of his back, but the force against the ground also sent him up into the air about five feet; he belly flopped onto the sand.
Terry was aware of his friend’s predicament, but could do little about it. The Forsaken had swarmed him, rising up from the ground on all sides. Terry was making good work with his katana, dismembering as many enemies as he could. But the sheer numbers were overwhelming, and he had to spend a lot of time avoiding his attackers. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Mike shake loose the few Forsaken that had concentrated on him. Satisfied with his friend’s performance, he went back to chopping up the task at hand.
Unfortunately for Mike, his halberd had been knocked out of his grasp when he’d unleashed the blast of energy. Fortunately for Mike, he still had the mace. He took it out and whacked the closest enemy across the face. Its head exploded in a shower of blood, the body falling straight down. Mike turned toward another one and tore its arm off on the first swing, then tore open its chest on the back swing. The last Forsaken had managed to sneak up behind him, so Mike flipped open the blade at the bottom of the weapon and drove it straight back into the stomach of his enemy. He spun to face it, bringing the blade across in the process, cutting it nearly in half.
Mike looked around for more enemies, but all he saw were pieces of vanquished ones. Terry was wiping the blood off of his katana.
“You weren’t kidding about keeping our eyes open,” Mike said.
“Right? They just blend into the sand so well. And there are so many of them when you do get attacked. We need to get moving, we’re not safe here.”
“You don’t say.”
Terry looked up at the moon to reorient himself, then saw Mike bleeding from his back and leg.
“Can you walk for a bit before I heal you?” Terry asked. “I’d rather not hang out here.”
“Sure, but let’s not wait too long.”
With that, they began climbing up the next dune as Mike did his best to ignore the pain in his body. They had made it over another two of them when a shrill sound pierced the air. It was intermittent and loud, like a warning. Mike looked at Terry quizzically. That look turned to horror.
“Terry, you’re fading.”
Realization dawned on his face as Mike mentioned it. Looking down, Terry was able to see straight through his arm to the sand below. He was waking up.
“It’s my building’s fire alarm,” he noted. “We don’t have drills.”
“What do I do?” Mike asked, panicked. “Where do I go?”
“Just keep going, get out of the desert,” Terry was just a mirage now. “I’ll fall back asleep and find you, just keep going straight until you reach the ocean. Beware of—”
Terry faded away to nothing.
-
The smell of smoke filled Terry’s nostrils as he woke up in his bed. He got up and opened the door out of his bedroom, only to be met with the sight of flames creeping under his front door. Smoke filled his eyes as he waded through the room, but, in the waking world, the flames could not kill him. They could, however, literally burn the skin off of him if he wasn’t careful. Bracing himself, he ran to his front door and threw it open, sprinting through the hallway toward the stairs.
He opened the door and was met with a raging fire, which was burning on every step. Ignoring the pain, he ran down the stairway as quickly as he could, taking off his shirt as it caught fire. He passed the door to the fifth floor and kept running down, but as he reached the fourth floor, his passage was soon blocked.
The door to the floor was blasted into the stairwell, a minor explosion following it through the door way. The inferno was too large to cross without burning off his skin.
Turning back around, Terry ran up to the fifth floor door and into the hallway. Smoke filled the room but the fire had nearly died down there. He ran toward the window at the far end of the hallway and dove through it, leading with his right shoulder. For three stories, he did his best to flatten out, using his mind as much as he could in this world to try and slow his momentum. He adjusted in time to hit the grass feet first, doing everything he could to roll and disperse the momentum.
The immense pain in his left foot and shin told him he had failed to disperse it all. Hobbling to his feet, he took a few steps away from the back of his condo, trying to take the situation in. He made it across the street and sat down a bus bench.
Out of nowhere, he saw Chris appear a few feet from him, his green eyes glowing. The kid walked passed Terry, who was avoiding making eye contact, and nonchalantly tossed something his way. Terry snagged it out of the air, then saw Chris flash him a huge grin right before he disappeared.
Terry looked down at the thing in his hand. It was a standard barbecue lighter. And it reeked of gasoline.

Chapter 19
All that was left of Terry were his katana, three throwing knives and that bottle of kerosene and its accompanying rag. Mike picked them up, but didn’t really have room for them. Out of necessity, he tossed the short sword he had brought with him and put the katana in its place. The knives he managed to squeeze between his pants and his belt, and the bottle he didn’t know what to do with, so he carried it for the time being.
Alone, he continued over the dunes, heading straight ahead like Terry had told him to, thinking of the last thing his friend had said: Beware of —. Mike had no idea what he could have been referring too, and he really didn’t like not having the answer.
Mike had taken a brief moment to stunt the bleeding from his back and leg before continuing his journey, but only to close the wound, not heal the damage. He was just going to have to suck it up and deal with the pain. After another dozen dunes, blood began to trickle down his left leg again. He began to think these hills would never end, until, suddenly, they did. The sand stretched out for another hundred yards, then vegetation returned. It was gorgeous.
Small rolling hills, none higher than fifty feet, lined the landscape. Flowers of various colors covered them. But the colors were distinctly grouped. One patch was purple, then stopped abruptly to give way to a patch of yellow. That led to a patch of orange, and a patch of blue. As a whole, the flowers created a gorgeous, almost surreal landscape. Suddenly, Mike didn’t feel so bad.
He started up the hill and, just as quickly, descended the other side. He went up the next one, taking some time to enjoy the beauty of the area. Beautiful—that wasn’t an adjective he had expected to use in this world. There weren’t nearly as many of these hills as there were dunes, and Mike soon arrived at the tallest one. He made his way up, reaching the top in only a few minutes.
Ahead of him was a peculiar sight. There was a forest, not nearly as large as the one he and Terry had trudged through, but still too big to go around. However, the interesting part was the color of the trees, all of which were the same pearly, iridescent white.
As he got closer, he noticed it starting to get a little lighter. It was coming from the forest. Correction: it was the forest. The iridescence of the trees was giving off its own light and Mike could see better than he had at any time since he’d left Merlin’s.
Prior to entering, he decided to patch up again. He wanted to fully heal his muscles, but he really didn’t know how to visualize it. What if he connected the muscles wrong and made things worse? Right now, he could pretty much function normally, he’d just have to deal with the pain. So he opted to simply heal the skin over the wounds again, hoping to avoid excessive blood loss.
Once that was done, he approached the edge of the forest, at which point he realized that every tree in existence was in that forest. There were ginkgoes, redwoods, ficus, firs, oaks, evergreens, maples, Joshua trees, cotton trees, yew, maples. And those were just the ones he could identify. They were all that same pearly white, as was the ground they were coming out of.
Mike stepped inside and was nearly blinded by the change in lighting. While it did give off some light from the outside, from the inside it was as well-lit as his office. Slowly, his eyes adjusted, and he noticed there were bushes littering the ground. As he ventured further in, the identical colors of all the trees caused them to mesh and he began losing his depth perception. It was all becoming one entity, and he started to feel claustrophobic.
A rustling behind him caused him to turn around, halberd in hand. A squirrel scurried out from underneath a bush. It, too, was pearly white. It struck Mike that it was the first animal he had seen in the Nightmare World. Laughing off his skittish reaction to the tiny creature, he began going in the right direction again, halberd still in hand. He had put the kerosene bottle into the now empty sheath.
After a few hundred feet, or maybe a few hundred yards, he didn’t know, he saw a second animal. But not before it saw him. As he passed under a maple tree, he heard a snarl. Before he could turn around, 600 pounds of tiger drove him into the ground. The halberd was knocked out of his hand. He turned and stabbed it blindly with one of Terry’s throwing knives, causing it to growl angrily, but giving Mike time to get up.
He took out his mace, facing his attacker. The animal began circling him. It, too, was the same color as the trees, making it hard to track. As soon as he lost sight of it, it sprang again. He took a blind swing with his mace and hit it across the shoulder. Blood began pouring out of its gashed side, covering the ground with its bright red color.
Now with something to differentiate it from its surroundings, the animal no longer had the benefit of camouflage and Mike was able to keep it in front of him as it circled. It came at him again. Mike raised his mace overhead and brought it down with enough force to shatter granite. When it hit, the creature’s skull collapsed, the serrated points of the weapon tearing its brain to shreds.
With the tiger dead, the adrenaline started to subside. He shook his mace a couple of times to get some of the blood and gore off. Birds began squawking incessantly from the tree tops. They sounded like crows, but when he looked up, it was like staring at a blank piece of paper.
Ignoring the commotion, he picked up his halberd and again starting moving, but realized he was lost. It all looked the same, other than the splattering of blood on the ground. Panic was making it hard to think things through.
He continued walking, making it about 15 feet before smacking right into a tree. Staggering backward, he grabbed his head, more in frustration than pain. He simply couldn’t tell when one tree ended and another began. Hands out in front of him this time, Mike began shuffling forward, making so little progress he wasn’t even sure it was worth it.
A particularly branchy tree was a few feet to his right and looked sturdy. He figured he might as well try climbing it, if for no other reason than to see if he could reorient himself. He hopped up, grabbed the lowest branch and started pulling himself up. The branch curved upward as it went farther out, so he did a tightrope routine to get out to the edge. That brought him just close enough to the next branch to hop up to it.
As he grabbed it, however, it gave just a little bit. And it felt a little scaly. Then it moved. Mike pulled his hand back quickly, nearly falling out of the tree. The end of the “branch” flew at him, the gaping mouth of an anaconda headed for his face. Mike threw his arms up to protect himself and felt the razor sharp teeth of the snake dig into his forearm.
By the time the bite had secured the snake’s hold on Mike, the body of the anaconda had wrapped itself entirely around Mike’s body, the pressure of the squeeze slowly tightening. To compound the issue, the impact of the snake’s attack had knocked him off the branch, sending him plummeting to the ground as the life was being forced out of him.
His chest felt like it was going to implode as he and the snake met the earth. He was losing feeling in his extremities, the circulation cut off. Something cracked, but Mike wasn’t sure what. His vision started to fade, going gray around the edges. This is how it’s going to end.
Suddenly, the snake let him go. He still hurt too much to move, but his vision was coming back as he took shallow, painful breath. And the first thing he saw as he recovered his sight was Leon.
-
Terry’s foot hurt like hell, but he didn’t have time to go to a doctor. It wouldn’t affect him in the Nightmare World anyway. There were a number of hotels nearby, but Terry wasn’t going to be able to walk the 10 blocks down Ocean Avenue to get to the Georgian. Nor was he dressed to enter a hotel lobby, what with being shirtless. Fire trucks were piling in around the block, doing their best to put out the flames. Terry began walking the opposite way, hoping to avoid contact with people and ignoring the pain in his foot. He was going to have to call a cab.
He reached into his pocket for his phone. It wasn’t there. It was now just a pile of melted plastic on his night stand. Cursing at himself, he hobbled across the street to the park. Sitting on a bench overlooking the Pacific Ocean, he tried to brainstorm, but all his ideas led nowhere. He couldn’t walk to a hotel, he didn’t have time for the emergency room, and he had no phone. Perhaps he could rely on the kindness of strangers, but everyone in the area was too concerned about the fire to help out a hopeless weirdo.
With his head hung between his knees, Terry became consumed by his inability to control the situation. Sure, he could fall asleep on a park bench for a few hours, but even if he was legally allowed to sleep there for a week straight, someone would call an ambulance on the man who appeared to be in a coma. He had to find a place to crash.
A tapping on his shoulder startled him. He turned around to see Catalina’s smile. She sat down next to him.
“I’m sorry, Terry,” she said, putting her arm around him.
“Not exactly your fault,” he replied. “Thanks though. I just need to find a hotel. And a shirt.”
“You’re more than welcome to stay with me for a few days if you need. I have a futon. It’s better than nothing.”
This time, it was Terry who smiled.
“I appreciate that a lot, but I would get in your way with my work. People can’t live with me: I work too many weird hours, make too much noise. I just need to get a room, but I think I sprained something in my foot. Would you be able to give me a ride to the Georgian?”
“Of course,” she replied. “I parked not too far away, I’ll go get the car. But first let’s stop by my house to get you a shirt so they’ll let you in.”
“Thank you very much.”
Terry felt uninhibited relief. It was going to be OK.

Chapter 20
When Mike came to, he found that he couldn’t move anything but his eyes. The last thing he remembered was Leon hitting him over the head with a club. Now, he appeared to be floating alongside Leon, suspended and immobile. And they were no longer in the forest. Flat sand stretched out in front of them, the sound of waves reached them from the distance. Mike wanted to open his mouth, maybe to yell obscenities at Leon, but mostly just to get some answers.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw tall, gray mountains towering over everything, their peaks out of sight. They stretched beyond his field of vision in both directions. The two of them continued in silence for a while, then Mike saw the ocean. There were six wood huts clustered near the water, but they were run-down and looked empty. The few windows they did have revealed only blackness. The wood had almost entirely rotted away. It was scaly and cracked, having turned a filthy white color, like dirty dishwater. Chunks had fallen off and lay strewn around the huts, revealing the fungus underneath. They looked to be one light breeze away from collapse.
They reached the edge of the water, and Mike saw a small, wooden boat tied to a post near shore; as opposed to the houses, it was relatively intact. As Leon began untying the boat, he heard a crash behind him. The walls of the cabins had been smashed through, and from them came a swarm of Wanderers, too many to count. Cursing, Leon took out his gun and started firing into the crowd. Mike saw a few of them disappear, but it didn’t seem to thin out the numbers. As the gun clicked, Leon turned and ran, that being his best available option.
But the nature of sprinting down the sand, even though the surface was a little harder near the shore, caused him to take two steps forward and one step back. Finally, the sand gave out as he pushed off with his left foot, and he fell face first into the ground. The Wanderers were on him in an instant. They surrounded him before he could get to his feet. Leon never had a chance.
One of them lifted its robe, and Mike threw up in his mouth. The thing it revealed was a sickly brown and mustard yellow color. It appeared to be oozing a liquid of a similar color. But what it actually was ... was much more sickening. While short legs supported it, the mass of the creature was an amalgamation of faces, legs, and arms sticking out of a central glob. Faces just barely surfaced from the center, and Mike realized they were screaming. The shrill, awful, desperate sound filled the air, as if the souls trapped in the bodies of the Wanderers were fully aware of the misery they were in.
As the rest of them removed their robes, the sound increased exponentially. It made Mike cringe. The agony in the screams was beyond anything he had ever heard. The pain in their voices was so great, as though they were being sawed in half over a fire while fully conscious. Then, he saw how the Wanderers operated.
The first one lowered itself until it was touching Leon’s leg, then lifted itself back up. As it did, Leon’s leg stretched like a piece of gum would when pulled apart, the appendage stretching and getting thinner, starting to meld with the Wanderer. The others sought any purchase they could find. They got his arms, his face, his torso: he was being stretched apart from all directions, his features smearing as his surface area increased. He was like a giant piece of silly putty being stretched out every which way, slowly becoming one with his attackers.
“AAAAHHHHHH!!!! OH GOD NO! PLEASE NO! IT CAN’T END LIKE THIS! AHHHHHHH! STOP! PLEASE! IT HURTS SO BAD! MIKE! HELP ME! PLEASE! PLEASE!” Leon pleaded, removing the stasis bubble holding Mike in place. But Mike had no room for pity. Now free from his captor’s grasp, he turned and ran, creating as much distance between himself and the carnage as he could, leaving Leon to suffer his fate. “NO! NO! MIKE! I’M SORRY! WHY? WHY? MAKE IT STOP! MAKE! IT! STOOOOOOOOOOOP!” But Mike knew better. Leon was not his friend. He ignored his pleas and kept on running.
Once at a safe distance, Mike turned to face Leon and saw that his body was entirely gone, devoured by the Wanderers. Having enjoyed their feast, they put their robes back on and simply walked into the water. Mike sat down on the sand and noticed that he still had all of his equipment, less for Leon to carry, he supposed, except for the gun, which had been used against the Wanderers a few minutes earlier. But considering all of the things that had gone wrong since Terry woke up, things actually hadn’t turned out too badly. Terry had told him to get to the ocean, and he had done it. Mike sat, staring at the waves, waiting for his friend to return.
-
Light footsteps behind him caused Mike to leap to his feet, mace in hand. He relaxed as he saw it was Terry. Without a word, he gave him a hug.
“Glad to see you, dude,” Mike said.
“Glad to be back,” he replied. “How’d you get through the Pearl Forest?”
“The what? You mean that forest with all the white trees?” 
“Yeah.”
Mike took a deep breath and explained the ordeal, pausing as he recalled what had happened to Leon. Terry nodded with pursed lips at his recounting.
“Ugly, ugly thing to see,” Terry remarked. “But they did save your life.”
“Yeah,” Mike agreed. “What is that forest, exactly?”
“I don’t know.”
“You don’t know?”
“That’s what I just said. It’s one of the many great enigmas of
the this world. I’m not even sure Garofino has any control of it. It’s the only place that I know of that has animals, and, of course, the white coloring is as big a mystery as any,” Terry explained.
“Um, did you know you were sending me through that when you told me to go on without you?”
“I did.”
“Did you really think I was ready to handle something like that on my own?”
“Maybe. I’m still not sure what you’re capable of. But that was the only choice.”
“Why couldn’t I have just waited for you to come back?”
“Because there was no guarantee I’d come back close enough to help you. And I didn’t. I returned to this world on the other side of the Pearl Forest. You would have had to go through by yourself regardless. I needed you to keep going, just like we should be doing now.”
“You’re insane.”
“And you’re alive, so it’s all good. If you want your normal life back, you’re going to have to take some chances. Whether or not you’re aware you are.”
“YOU CAN’T TREAT THIS LIKE A GAME!” Mike yelled.
“AND I’M NOT!” Mike was taken aback as Terry shouted in return. “YOU’RE A LIVING, BREATHING HUMAN BEING AND I WANT TO HELP KEEP IT THAT WAY. If you want to do this on your own, go for it. Otherwise, trust me.”
Mike let his instinct to retaliate subside before he spoke, knowing that Terry was right.
“Ok. You’re right, I’m sorry. Can you patch up my leg and back before we go?” Terry nodded and repaired the damage. With that taken care of, Mike asked the necessary question. “Where to now?”
“Well, if my hunch is right, the first thing we have to do is get on the other side of those mountains,” he pointed to the range to his right.
“So we have to go into the water,” Mike surmised. He pointed at the dingy. “On that thing.”
Terry nodded.
“I don’t like the ocean,” Mike admitted. Terry smirked.
“Just don’t fall out.”
-
The boat felt even more unstable than it looked, making Mike freak out at every creak of the wood. The water was calm at the moment, which was helpful, given that Terry was moving them along with one oar. The mountains jutted 50 yards into the water, requiring them to go much farther out than Mike would have liked.
He stared at the bottom of the boat to take his mind off of the ocean when something rocked it. Mike saw Terry take the oar out of the water and use it to hit the perpetrator, which was beneath the surface. After a number of whacks, Terry calmly returned to rowing. Mike sat frozen in fear, taking short, harsh breaths and feeling faint. Boats scared him as it was, and this wasn’t helping.
Mike dared to look into the water. There appeared to be swarms of jellyfish, white domes sitting just under the surface of the water. But Mike knew they were Wanderers. Just don’t fall out, Terry’s words echoed in his head. He put his head in his hands, trying to shut the world out. But that was hard to do when the boat was being constantly nudged by creatures below the surface. Water splashed onto Mike’s face as the rocking of the boat became more pronounced.
A low screech caused him to look up. He saw a long, thin tail with six spines lined along the end disappear into the water. Another one of these things popped out on the other side of the boat. Its head was narrow as well, converging into a nose that looked sharp enough to pierce steel. Above its eyes protruded two growths, each about an inch long, with a slit in the middle. That was what was causing the whistling sound. Its scales shined a dark sea green.
As it disappeared, another one sprang out of the water, going across the width of the boat. Terry began paddling frantically, turning the watercraft toward the sandy beach that lay on the other side of the mountains. A spiked, pointed nose broke through the side of the dingy, above sea level fortunately, but chunks of wood were torn out as it thrashed itself free.
A second before he was plunged into the freezing water, Mike felt a row of razor sharp teeth dig into his upper right arm. The impact of the sea serpent knocked him into the ocean. Mike opened his eyes and saw the water turning red with his blood. Then, the snake let go and sped off, leaving him with something much worse to deal with: Wanderers that were floating in from all angles. Kicking as hard as he could, he tried frantically to reach the surface.
He wasn’t quick enough. A Wanderer grabbed hold of his left foot, and Mike felt it stretch. The nerves in his lower leg became tangled with each other as his ankle, foot, and toes became one goopy mess. Mike fought, continuing to swim upward, but increasing the stretching in the process. Finally, his hand broke the surface of the water.
Terry grabbed it, yanking him up as hard as he could. Mike landed on the floor of the boat, his foot snapping back into form like a rubber band. He was coughing up water. The only thing he had time to see before being plunged back into the depths was Terry raising his arms, palms up, and the corresponding wave it was bringing with it. It crested only a few feet from them and began breaking. Terry gave one final heave and the wave was complete, pushing them toward the shore as it broke.
It was then, Terry realized, that he had made it too strong. They were driven straight into the sand as the wave crashed 30 feet in front of the shore. Mike felt panic wash over him again as his face rubbed across the coarse sand. The water began tossing him around like a rag doll, throwing him every-which-way under the surface. He no longer had any idea which direction was up. He began to flail helplessly, terrified of facing those Wanderers again.
And then, suddenly, he was back on dry land, the sand sticking to his drenched body. The relief was immeasurable and he started kissing the ground. After his display of affection, he managed to get to his hands and knees, then looked over and saw Terry kneeling. Wordlessly, he pointed to something; Mike looked. Just one hundred yards away lay the flashing cobblestones of Garofino’s castle.

Chapter 21
“So wait, if the castle’s right there, they must know we’re here,” Mike said.
“Possibly,” Terry replied. “But visibility from the castle isn’t great. The glow from the cobblestones helps wash out much of what little light there is outside the castle.”
“And if we’re not that lucky?”
“Then we make a break for the castle.”
As he finished speaking, a grenade exploded three yards
from where they were standing.
“What the hell was that?!?!?!” Mike yelled.
“...then we make a break for the castle,” Terry repeated. Without another word, they sprinted toward Garofino’s castle.
They had no cover, and while the castle wasn’t that far away, the number of grenades exploding around them made the distance seem endless. One was coming right at Mike, when its path veered left. Terry’s deflecting them, Mike realized. That explained why they seemed to be landing everywhere except where he could be hit.
As they neared the castle, Terry shouted for Mike to take over the door with his mind. Mike did, feeling his consciousness become part of it, feeling every wood fiber as his mind travelled into its core, understanding the grain and the cut and the tree it had come from. Terry was doing the same.
“Push it in!” Terry yelled as they reached the entrance.
With their minds interwoven with the door, the two of them gave a giant mental heave. It creaked, but didn’t give.
“HARDER!” Terry yelled again.
This time they felt it begin to give, the hinges creaking, then finally snapping. With one, last push from both of them, the door was completely separated from the castle’s walls and sent flying backwards into the room. Mike didn’t stop running until they crossed the threshold.
He was now in Garofino’s castle.

Chapter 22
Mike and Terry entered a large, circular room. The displaced door lay in the middle of it, arms and legs of squashed goblins protruding from underneath it. Chairs and small tables lined the edge of the room and a large chandelier hung from the middle of the ceiling. It held eight torches that shone through red glass, a dull red glow emanating throughout the room. They advanced across it toward the hallway at the end. Mike opened the door, revealing a long, narrow corridor that only widened a little. As they walked through it, doorways appeared on both sides with wooden doors that each stood about six feet high. Oil lamps lit the hallway every ten feet or so.
“What do you think is behind the doors?” Mike asked.
“Not sure I want to think about it,” Terry replied.
“Let’s take a look then,” and before Terry could object, Mike
pulled open the door to his left.
It opened into a small room, with a bed in the far left corner
and a bookcase on the right sidewall. Next to the bed was another door. Mike reached forward and opened it to reveal a huge room. It appeared that every door they had passed by would lead to this room. But his snooping had been careless and his presence hadn’t gone unnoticed. Three goblins emerged from one of the doors to his right. Their purple, wrinkled skin was mostly covered by chainmail armor, with short swords hung at their sides.
Their eyes met Mike’s, and the lead one began to snarl. It started making guttural sounds when it suddenly stopped, its eyes bulging and its mouth gasping for air. Terry had entered the room and made the goblin’s throat swell up, causing it to asphyxiate on itself. An instant later, throwing knives were embedded in the skulls of the other two, their bodies crumpling to the floor. Terry walked over and pried the weapons loose.
“You have to be more careful Mike,” Terry cautioned. “We don’t know this place. At all. We can’t afford to make a critical mistake.”
Mike nodded glumly. He had screwed up, misguided by overconfidence.
“Should we at least take a look around while we’re here?” he asked, trying to get something good out of the situation.
“Might as well,” Terry replied.
There were desks scattered about the area, some with stacks of papers, others with weapons, some with gold and jewels. A bar sat at the far end of the windowless room. The two of them began sifting through the contents of the desks, looking for weapons that might be useful or clues to the makeup of the castle, such as a map. The first few minutes were fruitless, revealing either foreign scribbles or inferior weaponry. The desks covered in jewelry were pretty, but of no value to either of them. Then, Terry spoke up from the other end of the room.
“Mike! Duck!” he yelled. Mike interrupted his foraging to duck his head as a sword slashed the air above it. He came up spinning, hitting the goblin who had snuck up behind him with an uppercut. Purple goop began dripping from its chin. Those bladed gloves really were dangerous. Mike took a second to scan the room and saw that every doorway that led into the room had a goblin entering through it.
The bleeding goblin had regained its balance, and again charged at Mike with its sword. As it drew its arm back, Mike stepped in and shoved it, sending it sprawling into one of the new
arrivals. He took out his halberd and stepped on top of one of the desks. Always take the higher ground.
-
Terry had not been caught off-guard by the goblin invasion, but that didn’t mean it was a walk in the park. He had been retreating and parrying attacks when his left hip hit the corner of one of the desks. The impact not only sent pain shooting through his hip, but it also caused him to lose his footing and fall flat on his face. A goblin brought its sword slicing across his back, opening up a gash. In response, Terry rolled to his feet and sent a shockwave flying in front of him.
Five goblins were sent backward into a group of others. Terry sprang to his feet and covered the ten feet between him and his targets. In a pain-fueled rage, he brought his katana straight down through the skull of a goblin. He pulled it out and cut off the head of his enemy. Bringing it behind his back, Terry parried a strike, then turned around and grabbed the sword hand of the enemy who had attacked him. He brought his sword down through its wrist and pulled its hand off, grabbing the goblin’s weapon in the process.
Meanwhile, Mike’s added height on the desk and his long weapon gave him a significant defensive advantage. The long back-scythe allowed him to make sweeping cuts in both directions without having to move too much. In all, probably 30 goblins had come in to attack, but it looked as though half of them were already dead.
Finally, one of them was able to climb up on the desk and give Mike a push from behind. He fell forward onto a goblin, driving it to the ground as he did. Now that he was on the ground the creatures were closing in, so he let the halberd fall and took out his mace. Mike proceeded to tear skulls off heads like he was hitting baseballs off a tee. Each swing dug large spikes deep into a new cranium before tearing half of it off, leaving behind corpses with mush attached to their necks.
Meanwhile, Terry was making quick work of the remaining goblin in front of him. He wasn’t a huge fan of using two swords, he was generally better with just his katana, but when faced by eight attackers in tight proximity, it was for the best. With the goblin sword in his left hand and katana in his right, Terry brought the katana down on the first one, then spun and cut through the other one’s head with the goblin sword. Bringing his right leg forward, he thrust his katana into another’s stomach and twisted it. That left him with five. He threw the goblin sword at one, and with four quick motions parried and killed the rest of his attackers. He looked over at Mike, who was surrounded by dead bodies.
“Guess they know we’re here,” Terry said He visualized the gash on his back being sewn back together, wincing as muscles, tendons, and skin fixed themselves.
“No kidding. We should probably get moving then,” Mike replied as he picked up his halberd. “Any idea where to? I seem to be asking that a lot.”
“No, but that door looks promising,” Terry pointed at a large wooden door at the far end of the room, perpendicular to the one they’d come in through. The two men made it across the minefield of goblin bodies to the door. Mike opened it and began climbing up the stairway. Halfway up, it turned abruptly right, before straightening out again. They reached the door at the top and entered the next room.
-
This one was much more spacious than the one they had just left. A large domed ceiling loomed overhead, with paintings of the most horrific nature. It was like a demented Sistine Chapel. One section showed a man with empty eye sockets, his eyes resting on tips of a goblin’s fingers. Another showed a goblin being lowered into a wood-chipper, his remains flying out of the other end. A third showed a man being pulled by his limbs in four different directions, some of the bones and muscles already showing through torn skin.
Mike looked away, bringing his hand to his mouth, trying not to puke. Terry looked over at him.
“You all right?”
Mike didn’t speak for a moment, then nodded his head.
“Just wish I hadn’t looked up.”
The room itself was large, but aside from the awful ceiling
“art,” it was pretty bland. There were a few lamps that provided some light, and that was about it. But the giant building on the far wall certainly drew attention to itself. It was a large, square structure that stretched from the wall all the way out to the middle of the room. There was space on either side of the building itself, but there were no openings along the building’s side walls. There was, however, door on the wall that faced the middle of the room.
“Well? Do we go in?” Mike asked as Terry inspected it..
“I don’t see another way up,” Terry replied. “So yeah.”
He began to walk toward the door, then stopped.
“What’s wr—” Mike began. Terry shushed him, then pointed
to his ears. Mike wrinkled his eyebrows at him for a second, then heard it too. Tiny taps, coming from all angles. Terry reached out with his mind, taking a survey of the room like a bat uses echolocation. Slowly, he slid his hand down to his belt and grasped one of his knives. He turned to his left and threw it. A black clad body fell from about fifteen feet up the wall, the knife embedded in its head.
“Keep moving,” Terry called out to Mike. “There are two more and I don’t know where they are.”
Mike began making a quarter turn every step he took, keeping his halberd at the ready. He thought he heard something behind him and took a swing, but all he did was throw himself off balance. A sword cut across the back of his leg, just missing his hamstring. He spun around, but couldn’t see the enemy. A cut opened up on his forearm.
He charged up a blast in his mind and shot out a wave in front of him. At first nothing happened. Then, he saw a body slumped against the wall, flickering in and out of vision. It began to regain its senses as Mike charged and, suddenly, it again disappeared from sight. Determined, Mike pushed forward, bringing the halberd across his body and sweeping it across the air, hoping to hit whatever it was he was fighting. And he did, kind of.
An arm, but only an arm, fell to the ground halfway through his swing. He turned around to get reoriented when he saw Terry fighting with himself. Or at least it looked that way. He had a knife in his hand and appeared frozen in the act of stabbing. Finally, he jerked his hand back then brought it down, this time planting it in the head of the attacker, who became visible as he died.
Mike looked down and saw the arm floating in the air. If he had to guess, he would have said his opponent was reattaching it. Acting quickly, Mike swung blindly in that direction, hoping to hit something. He did. The halberd dug into his enemy’s shoulder, although it did not kill it. However, the impact knocked it over, causing it’s head to slam against the ground, knocking it out cold for just a second. But in that second, it ceased to be invisible. Quickly, Mike brought his weapon down onto its head with full force, causing gore to fly out in all directions, leaving two perfectly cleaved halves of a head attached to a body.
“Screw this place, man,” Mike said, sitting down to look at the damage to his leg. He took off his pants, which were soaked with blood, and saw an opening that went the width of his thigh.
“Nice looking cut you got there,” Terry chuckled.
“Yeah, it’s very attractive,” Mike replied. “Can you just heal it?”
Terry nodded. Within half a minute, the gash was gone, sewn back together by Terry’s mind. Mike stood up and noted that he was ready to go on.
“Into that thing, then,” Terry pointed at the room in the middle.

Chapter 23
Mike opened the door slowly, ready with his mace this time, unsure of what to expect. He pushed a little further, but still could not see anything: the room was pitch black.
“Terry,” he whispered. “What do we do?”
Terry gave him an annoyed flapping gesture that said just go on in. So Mike did. He threw open the door and stepped in, with Terry behind him. A blinding pain in Mike’s head sent him to the floor as the door shut. He felt another blow, but this one hit him in the arm and did nothing more than annoy him. Suddenly, he had the sickening feeling of vertigo, his stomach going into his brains. Then, another thud, this one on his other side. He sat still, fearing getting hit, when he heard Terry say
“Get your ass up!”
So he did.
“What did you do?” Mike asked, disoriented.
Terry said nothing. Mike could see nothing. Then a light appeared, just a few feet away from him. It was Terry, and he was holding that bottle. He lit the rag at the end, let it burn for a second, then dropped it. Light filled the room as the flaming kerosene spread around the room, setting fire to everything. Finally, Mike understood. Somehow, he and Terry were standing on the ceiling.
Below them was a horde of Forsaken. They weren’t in the best light, but it was clear that they were far along in their decay and they all held clubs. Beating people to death was probably all they were good for at this point.
“Mike, listen up. I’ll explain more after, but doing this took up most of my energy. I’m going to release us, but you’re going to have to carry the team. Use the mace.”
Before Mike could respond, Terry had walked over to a ledge and knelt on it. Then, Mike again had that feeling of vertigo as he dropped back down to the floor, much more gracefully this time. The fire was still going strong, it had killed a few of the Forsaken, but more importantly, it provided enough light for Mike to see his enemies. He hit the closest Forsaken with his mace, the top of its skull flying off in the process. It staggered backward and, this time, Mike hit it in the chest, tearing a huge hole in the right side of its body. He turned to face another one and brought the mace down into the head of his enemy. A baseball swing tore another one nearly in half.
As he turned to defend himself once again, he realized there were flames to his back. He ducked under a club aimed for his head, but got hit in his left arm by another club. It went limp for a moment and Mike had to fight with one arm. He took a wild swing at the Forsaken to his right, tearing its arm off at the shoulder.
But then another club hit him, and his vision began going gray around the edges. Before he could recover, he was kicked in the chest and sent flying into the flames behind him. Pain consumed his body, the fire lapping at his face, his legs singeing in the heat, the smell of his leg hair filling the air. And then it stopped. He landed on his back, on the other side of the flames. He hurt everywhere, and he smelled kind of burnt, but he wasn’t dead yet.
The few minutes Terry had taken to recover had been a necessary risk, but when he saw Mike nearly burned alive, he knew he couldn’t wait any longer. Summoning his still-limited strength, he took out his katana and dropped down on top of a Forsaken. He jammed his sword into its head, then took it out and sliced another one in half. Terry stabbed forward, embedding his weapon between the Forsaken’s ribs and twisting it.
His collarbone was cracked by a club as a Forsaken caught him off guard, so he cut its arm off and stabbed it through the head. He made his way over to Mike, who had recovered enough to hold his own. As he took his next step, he stumbled forward, tripping over a dead body and slamming his forehead on the floor. Terry lay stunned for a second, stars flying across his vision.
When he had recovered enough to understand what was going on, he almost wished he hadn’t. A Forsaken was standing over him and brought its club down onto Terry’s head. Pain filled the top of his skull. His eyes began roll back as consciousness became fleeting.
It tried to hit him again, but he mustered up the energy to roll to his left and the club hit the ground harmlessly. Terry scooted backward, his focus slowly returning, trying to create some space between the two of them. The Forsaken’s jaw flapped loosely as it chased him, the eyeballs hanging well out of their sockets, the nose now just a memory. Terry reached into his belt and threw a knife at it.
It struck the Forsaken in the leg, slowing it down long enough for Terry to try and stand up. But he had been hit too hard, and he fell back to the ground after a couple of drunken steps. Ignoring the knife in its leg, the creature continued to march toward the dazed Terry.
“Hey asshole!” Mike stepped out from behind a set of dying flames and whacked the Forsaken across the throat, leaving it to die in a waterfall of its own blood. “You alright, man?” He stuck out his hand to help Terry up to his feet.
“I’m better, although still pretty woozy and my head throbs.”
“The good news is that I think that’s the last of them. We should look for a way to the next floor,” Mike said..
“Yeah, yeah, let’s give it a minute shall we?”
They sat against the wall in silence for a number of minutes. Then, Mike decided he had to ask.
“So, what did you do to make us stand on the ceiling? Was that also visualization?”
“Yup. Obviously, it takes incredible concentration and a whole lot of energy to reverse the effects of gravity. And it gets way harder when targeting specific people in an area rather than affecting everyone, but it can be done. I nearly knocked myself out trying to get it to happen. That’s why I had to bail for a few minutes. Almost got both of us killed.”
“Yeah, but you also kept both of us from getting killed. Not the plan I would have thought up, but it worked. Are you getting ready to go?”
“Almost, give me a few more minutes.”
They said nothing after that. Terry simply stood up at one point and Mike followed suit. The flames were nearly out, but enough were left to allow Mike and Terry to see the door at the other end of the room. Finally, a reward for their effort. Then, Mike stopped in his tracks.
“I hear something,”
“What, like those things we fought earlier?” Terry asked. “No, it’s kind of shrill.”
“Wait, I hear it. Kind of sounds like a phone.”
“But I took the battery out of cell—MY HOUSE PHONE!” Mike realized. “DAMMIT. Why do I still even have one?”
Mike started to fade, becoming more and more transparent. “MIKE! NO!”
Mike Goddard pulled off his covers and rolled out of bed.
-
As when Terry had disappeared, all that was left of Mike in the dimly lit room were his weapons. Terry walked over and picked them up. The halberd he strapped across his back, then strapped the mace across the halberd. He picked up the gloves and tried them on. They fit well enough.
Terry didn’t see any way to spin Mike’s awakening as a positive thing. There was no way of knowing how long it would take him to get back and, until then, Terry wasn’t sure he had much purpose being in the castle: Mike had to be the one to kill Chris. There was also no way of knowing where Mike would start when he did get back to sleep.
Terry got up and opened the door out of the room. It led to a narrow staircase, only wide enough for one person. Candles lined the walls every 10 feet or so, but they provided enough light. Four hundred steps later, Terry arrived at yet another door. He opened this one slowly, peeking into the room before committing. It was a good thing he did.
Three Nightmare Children were standing in a circle, speaking with one another in the small, bare room. Terry closed the door. They hadn’t seen him. Readying his sword, he threw the door open and entered the room swinging. With the element of surprise, he was able to kill one of them before anyone had time to react, the blade of his sword going halfway through the Child’s head.
Terry pulled it out and cut off the right arm of the enemy next to him. He moved to swing again when he heard a loud bang and felt blood begin trickling down his side. Doing his best to appear unhurt, he turned to face the man who had shot him.
“Who are you?!?!” the man with the gun asked.
“What’s it to you?” Terry spat back.
“You’re not supposed to be here. That’s what it is to me.” Terry said nothing for a moment. He looked over at the man
he had maimed, who was holding his right arm in his left hand. “How much does your buddy want his arm back?” Terry asked the man with the gun. “What?”
“Your buddy,” Terry pointed at the man.
“My guess would be a lot. What are you getting at? And who are you?”
“Not as important. I can help your friend, but right now I have no reason to,” Terry pointed to the two doors at the end of the small room. “Tell me where those lead.”
The man holding the gun rolled his eyes.
“Fine. That one,” he pointed to the door to Terry’s right. “...leads to a mine. The other one, I don’t know, I’ve never been. I’m not sure anyone uses it. Honestly,” he added as a look of distrust crossed Terry’s face. But after briefly getting a read on the man’s emotional state, a highly specialized mental talent that Terry had become quite adept at, he found, somewhat surprisingly, that the man wasn’t lying: he really didn’t know. “Now fix him.”
“Wait, first give me your clip so I know I’ll be able to leave.” Grudgingly the man complied. Terry put his katana and the bullets away and walked over to the man he had injured.
“Hold the open ends against each other until I tell you to let go, got it?” Terry asked. The man nodded and did so. The wound began to fuse with his severed arm, the muscles, tendons, and nerves reconnecting; the man screamed in agony during the entire process. After a few minutes, Terry spoke up.
“You should be good now.”
The man ceased his cries and stared with awe as his right hand began waving through the air, his severed arm healed.
“Wow, man,” he looked up at Terry. “Thank you.”
Terry grunted, then made a move toward the door to his right, willing to deal with the pain in his side until he was out of his enemy’s sight. Then, Terry saw the original shooter point the gun at him, stopping him in his tracks. The next thing the gunman said made the blood rush from Terry’s head, even though it was just one word.
“Chamber.”

Chapter 24
Mike raced out of bed to get to his phone, cursing at himself for not remembering to unplug it. He reached it on the sixth ring.
“Hello?” his voiced was drenched with sleep and he was noticing the aches and pains in his body from not having moved in so long.
“Oh good, you’re there.” It was Frost. Of course it was Frost. “I hate to do this to you in the middle of your vacation, but Angela’s mom just died, and she’s going to be with her family. I was hoping you could come in for the next few days.”
Hoping was an order, not a request, Mike knew. And really, what could he say? His coworker’s mother had just died and his story wouldn’t pass any test besides an insanity one. Frost spoke again.
“Look, I know this sucks, but if you help me out these two days, I’ll give you off until Thursday of next week.”
Mike wanted to say no, had to say no. But he couldn’t. Two days. He didn’t know what he would do about them, but he had to go into work.
“I’m sorry to hear that boss. Of course I’ll be in tomorrow. What she’s going through is much more important than my time off.”
“Good to hear Mike, I appreciate it and I’ll remember this,” the damnedest thing was that he would.
Mike hung up the phone and looked in his fridge for liquor. Two more nights of blackouts. There was nothing, but it was only 6:30.
“Away we go to the liquor store,” he muttered to himself. “Dammit.”
-
Terry woke up in a bed, his arms and legs handcuffed to the bedposts. To his left was a small table, which held a bloody pair of pliers and the bullet that had been lodged in his skull. The pain in his head was making it hard to focus on anything else, but he did his best to ignore it. Blood covered the left side of the bed where his head was resting. The ceiling in the room was not that high and there were long, boxlike windows along both walls. It was almost impossible to see anything outside, but Terry’s best guess was that he was in a moving train. Three other beds were set up in the room, but they were empty.
The door behind Terry opened and the man who had shot him entered.
“Oh good, you’re alive,” he said. Terry said nothing. “Now, who are you exactly?”
Terry continued staring at the roof, saying nothing for a minute.
“Do you have a cigarette?” He finally said, looking the man in the eye. The man responded with a look of disgust, but understood that Terry wouldn’t talk until he had his smoke.
“Fine.”
The man reached into his pocket, took out a cigarette, stuck it in Terry’s mouth, and lit it.
“Now speak,” the man said, as he took the cigarette out to let Terry exhale. But Terry didn’t say anything. Instead, as the smoke billowed out of his mouth, the man saw it come toward his face until the smoke enveloped it entirely. He tried breathing, and all he got was a lungful of carcinogens. He began coughing, and every time he inhaled he got more smoke in his lungs.
Inside the cloud, the man’s eyes were red and blood was filling his cheeks. If Terry had been able to see it, he would have seen a face that was choked and swollen, looking like an allergic man stung by every bee in the hive. Finally, he keeled over, dead.
Terry released his hold on the smoke and shifted his focus to the handcuffs keeping him on the bed. The first one he took care of easily, infiltrating his mind into the locking mechanism and picking it with no problem. Freeing his right arm was more difficult. As his mind entered the lock, he found that it had been broken in the locked position: there was no opening this handcuff.
Frustrated, he tried his hand at freeing his legs, which was also not a problem. That left him three-quarters freed from the bed, which was as good as being not freed. As he started wrenching his arm to try and snap the handcuff, the man’s friend came in, suspicious since his partner hadn’t come back in a few minutes.
Unable to free himself before the door opened, Terry instead let his mind infiltrate the bed, making it an extension of himself and, hopefully, a viable weapon. It was the best he could do. As he tried to turn to face his attacker, white hot pain filled the hole in his head as he was hit by a gun butt. He was knocked back onto the bed, abandoning his plan to become one with it.
Terry sent a shockwave at the man in front of him, knocking him back into the door of the train car. That delay gave Terry just enough time. Using his mind, he felt for the screws connecting the bed frame to the legs. It was a cheap bed and he could probably free himself just by undoing them.
Sure enough, he found a screw and undid it as quickly as he could. He followed suit with the second one and heard the tiny piece of metal hit the ground as the bed began to lean. Terry
yanked his arm up, bringing the handcuffs and the bed’s leg with it. Gripping the hollow pipe, he turned to—
Complete darkness briefly filled Terry’s vision as he was sent sprawling to the floor, courtesy of another pistol whip. With little understanding of what was going on, he rolled to his left, away from the shape standing above him, until he was under a different bed. A gunshot rang out, the sound deafening in the cramped car, and Terry felt an impact in his stomach.
Still not fully recovered from the hit to the head, Terry did his best to pull the bed down so that the mattress was perpendicular to the floor and, more importantly, protecting him. He risked a peek over the top of the bed and was nearly met with another round. He took one more quick look to identify where the man was. Then he removed the rod from the handcuff loop and leapt over the bed, throwing the metal leg at the man in the process.
The hollow pipe clanged against his enemy’s head, a distraction more than anything, but enough of one for Terry to tackle him, grabbing the wrist that held the gun. Struggling, the man tried to fire a shot at Terry, but was only able to put a hole in the roof. A loud rushing sound filled the moving train car. Still holding onto his wrist, Terry punched the man in the face. The man responded by flailing his left arm at Terry, but it was clear that he wasn’t left-handed.
He tried to free his right hand from Terry’s vice grip, hoping to better utilize his gun. But the grip was steadfast, and then his wrist started to hurt. And then the pain became unbearable; the man had to drop the gun. Looking down in horror, he saw that Terry had, with one hand, snapped his arm just below the wrist: the back of his hand was now leaning against his forearm.
Terry punched him in the face again, then spoke up.
“Where are we?”
“On a train,” the man replied snidely.
“You don’t say?” Terry punched him again, then picked up
the gun on the floor and pointed it at the man’s face. “Where is it going?”
“A mine.”
“What ki—” Terry was cut off as the train came to a halt. A voice over the loudspeaker announced that they had reached their destination and needed to get off. “Where are my weapons?”
The man said nothing. Terry twisted his wrist, and would have continued doing so until the man told him something, but he didn’t have much time. So instead he just shot him, hoping he’d find a melee weapon of some kind before too long.
-
It had been five days since Julie had last seen Mike, and there hadn’t been a trace of the kid. She cautiously hoped that Mike had killed him, but wouldn’t get her hopes up until she heard it firsthand. Despite being unable to get a vacation from work, she had continued drinking herself to sleep, deciding it would better to be miserable but safe.
Work on Wednesday had been a chore, and she didn’t get home until seven. Half a case of beer was waiting in her fridge, and she had cracked one open before she made it back to her couch. She was almost done with her first can when she got a phone call.
“Hello?”
“Hi Julie,” it was Mike. “I don’t have good news, but clearly I’m awake again. Can I come over?”
“Sure, what happened?” She asked, confused and worried but relieved he was still alive.
“I’ll fill you in when I get there.”
Mike hung up and started his car. He had been planning to get some beer and figured he might as well call Julie beforehand. After picking up the brews, he started toward her place. As he sat at a red light outside the liquor store, he saw a Wanderer cross the street, passing through pedestrians who took no notice of it. Mike’s gaze followed it all the way across, where he saw it meet a congregation of other Wanderers. There were five or six in all.
A honk behind him snapped him out of his stupor and he sped across the intersection. He staved off the temptation to look back and see if they were still there. As he turned the corner onto Julie’s street, he slammed on his breaks and honked as two people stepped into the crosswalk. They took no notice of him, and continued talking. They had interlocking, pointed teeth, and Mike realized again that he was stopping for things only he could see. Reality was becoming increasingly fleeting, and he hated it. He found a parking spot and went to meet Julie at the entrance of her apartment.
“I brought beer,” he said with half a smile, noticing the can she was holding in her hand.
“Already beat you to it,” she gave him a kiss. “But you have some explaining to do.”
“Ok, but let’s go up to your place first.”
She led him up the stairs and into her apartment, offering him a seat on her couch. He took it after grabbing a beer, then proceeded to tell Julie everything that had happened since they’d last seen each other. As ridiculous as he sounded to himself, she listened the entire time. Mike finished.
“So yeah, that’s my story.”
“Wow. Well, I don’t have much to say to that. That’s unfortunate about your coworker’s mom, but this kid is ruining your life.”
Mike concurred, proceeding to tell her about the hallucinations he was having, how reality and dreams were becoming one.
“Like right now, I see a guy in the corner,” he pointed near the television. “He looks like a normal person, but he has pointed teeth.”
Julie shook her head.
“I don’t see him.”
“I know,” Mike said. “Speaking of seeing things, have you
been bothered by Chris lately?”
“Not since we last saw each other. I’ve been blacking out, but
I haven’t seen him while awake, either.”
“Interesting. That’s good though,” Mike opened another
beer. “But let’s not dwell on this too much. How has work been?”
-
Terry stepped out onto the railway platform. A few Nightmare Children were in the area but they took no notice of him. He walked up the metal stairs and made his way out of the subway station. A vast city sprawled before him. It looked like something from the 22nd century. Skyscrapers loomed everywhere, floating buggies were speeding around streets in every direction he looked and there were tubes in the sky that looked like elevators and seemingly flew around on their own. It sure as hell wasn’t a mine. He cursed at himself for not having pressed for more information.
There were no goblins there, either. Everyone was a Nightmare Child, some of them nearing the stage of Forsaken by the looks of it, but still very much Nightmare Children. He walked
down the street he was on, passing shops everywhere. A lot of the skyscrapers were labeled as apartments. As long as no one saw his teeth, he figured he could pull off being out in the open.
As he thought that, a large group of Children began walking down the street toward him and he got nervous, readying his mind to fight. They were all wearing bright yellow vests and helmets with glass shields that covered their faces. Terry turned left onto a side street to avoid them, only to look back and see that they had turned as well. He sped up as calmly as he could, trying not to draw attention to himself.
Keeping his eyes in front of him, he made it to the street corner and turned left again. He stole a glance back at the men in the vests and saw them heading into a building halfway down the street. Curiosity told him to follow them, but survival instinct told him to keep walking. So he kept his pace, walking along the sidewalk, doing his best not to stare at the buildings around him. Because they were impressive. While several of them were simply large, others were gargantuan. At least in terms of height. The city took advantage of the space above it, with buildings that were literally up in the clouds. Also, there were clouds, the cause and purpose of which Terry could not begin to surmise.
These skyscrapers all had tinted glass, providing Terry with no information whatsoever. Then, at the corner opposite him, he spotted a diner. It looked like it had been taken straight from the 1950s and planted on the corner of the street. The neon sign across the top was a bright red that read “Miner’s Munchies.” So, maybe the name wasn’t from the 1950s, but the style of the place was, with its chrome tables, numerous booths, and bars. That wasn’t the important part. What Terry was able to glean from the sign was that there was something to do with mines in this area, like the man on the train had said.
As he stared, another group of men in those yellow vests and helmets walked into the diner. Terry was starting to put pieces together, but didn’t want to rush to conclusions. He decided he would follow them into the diner. The difficulty lay in crossing the street. There did not appear to be any stoplights, but a ceaseless stream of vehicles was flying through the intersection at a blur. He looked around to see if anyone else was trying to cross, when he saw two people walking through the middle of the street, oblivious and impervious to the cars around them.
He didn’t know how they were doing it, but decided to follow their lead. His foot was halfway down the curb when a thought hit him and drew his foot back up to the sidewalk. The people crossing the street were Nightmare Children. He was not. That may or may not have made a difference, but until he understood how they were able to cross a street while cars sped through the intersection, he wasn’t going to take the risk. Nothing would blow his cover better than being hit by a moving vehicle.
To his left, he saw a stream of men in those same vests and helmets coming out of one of the buildings, making it three groups he’d seen in the short time he’d been there. The group was heading toward him. He felt cornered, until he saw the other men come out of the diner. The crossed diagonally, right toward where he was standing. Now he felt trapped. The two groups appeared to be switching places, the group that had left the building were heading toward the diner and the group from the diner heading toward the building. This was his opportunity.
As both groups passed him, he followed the one heading to the building. He had still somehow gone unnoticed, despite obviously being unfamiliar with the area, and hung back about ten yards from the men. Halfway down the street, they turned and went into the opening. All but one of them, anyway. He was lagging a little bit, standing outside the entrance as he finished a cigarette. Terry remained as casual as he could right up until he was next to the man. Then he took out his gun and jabbed it into his stomach, keeping his body between the weapon and any onlooker who might be too curious.
“You move, I shoot. What are you?”
The man said nothing, but moved to remove his helmet. Terry pulled back the hammer, mostly to be menacing. The man put his hands up to his shoulders in an act of surrender. But he still didn’t speak. Terry looked around and saw an alley only a few yards away, and directed him to go there. Once away from the ruckus of the main streets, Terry moved his gun up to the man’s chin.
“What are you?”
“I’m a miner,” the voice came out deep and robotic, almost monotone, but certainly not natural.
“And that building is the mine?”
“It leads to it, yes.”
“What are you mining?”
“Look, in about 30 seconds, they’re going to realize that I’m
missing. Go now, before things get really bad.”
“Last I checked, I’m the one with the gun. Give me your gear.”
“I’m telling you it’s better—”
Terry jammed his gun into the man’s throat and drove him into the wall.
“You don’t tell me shit,” he reached up and ripped the man’s helmet off. As he did, long, brunette hair fell from the man’s head. It wasn’t a man. It was a woman. And she was really pretty. Terry prided himself on not letting things like sexual attraction get in the way of his business, but the suddenness of the revelation caught him completely off guard. He got caught gazing for half a second, which was about a second too long.
His head was driven into the wall behind him, the woman taking control of the situation. She grabbed his wrist and tried wresting the gun from his grip. When he refused to release it, she tried punching him in the head. He rolled his neck just enough so that she hit the concrete, three bones snapping in her hand as she did. With his left hand, he interlocked his fingers with her broken right hand and bent it back, trying to push it against her forearm.
This gave him the leverage he needed to regain the top position, pushing her to the ground as he kneeled on her stomach. She opened her mouth to call for help when she tasted the metal of the gun barrel and felt the heat of the bullet right before it exited the back of her head. Terry ripped her yellow vest off and put it on. It fit snugly, but a little mental stretching of the fabric made it fit him perfectly. He grabbed the helmet and adjusted it to fit his head, then slipped it on. As he did, he saw another miner turn around the corner into the alley. Terry placed himself in front of the corpse, hoping to make it as unnoticeable as possible.
“Everything OK back here? You’re late for work.”
“Everything’s fine,” Terry shot the Child through the mask. He shot twice more to make sure it was dead. He tossed the gun into a garbage bin before stepping out of the alley.
He stepped inside the building, and found it to be incredibly bland. There was just a desk with a receptionist sitting behind it.
She looked up at him briefly, then spoke in a very annoyed, matter-of-fact tone.
“You’re late.”
“I’m sorry,” his voice was that same robotic tone that the woman’s had been, altered by whatever was in the helmet. She waved him along to the door on her right.
Terry walked through it, going down the flight of stairs that it led to. At the bottom of the stairs was a train similar to the one he had arrived in. Terry took a seat in a nearly empty car, doing his best to avoid everyone.
“Where’s Darrell?” A voice asked over the loudspeaker.
“He went upstairs to look for Karla,” another voice, this one quieter, like the person’s mouth was farther away from the microphone.
“Well, we found her. She’s on the train. You know what? Fuck him. He’s going to miss his shift, that’s his problem. We’re already late.” Terry couldn’t help smiling behind his mask as he realized that he must be “Karla.”
With that, the doors closed and the train started moving, going further downward. Terry breathed a sigh of relief, his rash killing of the man not compromising his mission. He sat in silence, looking out at the blackness that they were riding through. After a few minutes, the train leveled off and continued straight. Terry got out as it finally stopped and was met by a man in a red vest holding a strange tool. It looked like a mini gun, but it was rounded at the end where the muzzles would be. The man handed it to Terry; he found it to be very light. He was also given a solid steel pickaxe, with instructions to only use it as a last resort, when the surface had been thoroughly mined. As he looked around, he saw that everyone else had both of these too. There were a number of doors at the other end of the platform, where everyone was lining up single file. Now the picture became clear to him. This was the mine.
Terry took his place at the end of one of the shorter lines and waited his turn to enter the door. When he finally did, he found himself in a small, underground, tunnel. A voice came through his helmet.
“Ok men, let’s get started mining. Our Father needs another 30 pounds of gunpowder and none of you are leaving until he has it. Get to it, men.”
Realization struck Terry. This was where Garofino got all of his gunpowder and the reason why there weren’t a whole lot of people in the castle. Most of his men were here, keeping his biggest resource safe.
The next order of business was figuring out how to operate the contraption he was holding. There was a button on top of the back handle, so he pressed it, and the end of the tool opened up. It bloomed into a suction cup that was five feet in diameter. He put it up to the side of the cave and pressed a second button on the front handle. The machine started to whir and pull on the wall. After a few minutes it clunked and shut down. Terry pulled the tool away and saw that he had mined all of the materials from that section. There was a noticeable lack of glint relative to the surrounding rock. The tool had allowed him to only take what he needed.
He continued doing this for half an hour until the 40 square feet of rock in front of him no longer had a glint. He grabbed the pickaxe and whacked the spot he had just mined. A large chunk of rock fell off, revealing more glittering stone underneath it. He did this a few more times, then went back to mining. 20 minutes later, the machine stopped working entirely and a canister popped out of the back. It was filled with gunpowder. Now what? He thought. He star
ted walking down the mine and saw a congregation of miners around a big, yellow trough. Terry went over to it and saw that they were putting their canisters in it. He did the same and it shot farther down the mine in a long tube. Empty tubes were stacked above the trough. He grabbed one but didn’t go back to work. Instead, he let the other miners go back to their business, dropped his mining tool, strapped the pickaxe across his back and decided to see where the pipe led.
-
Thursday for Mike was a mix of headaches and hallucinations. When he had reported to Frost, his boss had pointed teeth. The lights made his head flare with pain, his cubicle would alternate between the gray crap it was made of and the shifting cobblestones. Math? How the hell was he going to do math? The hangover he could work through. But he couldn’t quite be sure what was real. He needed to wake up.
When Mike entered the break room, there was a full pot of coffee sitting on the counter. When he left, there was a new one brewing. With eight cups of coffee in his system, his eyes were vibrating in their sockets, but the visuals and the headaches were gone. He worked with a focus he had never had before. Unfortunately, the object of his focus often changed, so the next six hours of his day involved about two hours of work. But he had done everything he needed to do when four o’clock hit, then he crashed.
The energy left his body suddenly, his headaches returning. His cubicle went back to flashing. He just wanted to lie down and not move. It was only a quarter after four. He needed to find something to do; if Frost knew he was done, he’d give him more work. Work he was in no condition to complete. He decided to respond to some emails. He was sure there was something work related in there as well, but he had some personal catching up to do.
After a tense 45 minutes, he made it to five o’clock and ran downstairs to his car. Wanderers filled the parking lot, but he ignored them, driving straight through, trusting himself to differentiate his visions from reality. Then, he remembered he’d left his beer at Julie’s. Making an illegal U-turn, he headed toward the liquor store a few blocks back to make a pit stop for Jack and Coke.
He made it through the first two lights with no problem. As he approached the intersection of the third, the light turned yellow. Stopping was probably the better idea, but Mike didn’t want to waste any more time than he had to. Pressing on the gas, he accelerated. A moment too late, he saw a car running the opposite red light. He had no time to slam on the brakes and the front of his car smashed into the driver’s side door of the other one.
The sudden stop sent him flying forward only to be met by his airbag. The impact stunned him for a second, but otherwise he was fine. After a few seconds to shake off the cobwebs, he got out of his car to see if anyone he’d hit needed help. Working purely on adrenaline, all he focused on was the people in the car. He took no notice of the spectators, no notice of the ringing in his head, not even the smoke coming out from under the hood of the car he’d hit. The driver’s side door was a lost cause, so Mike started toward the other side of the car when he saw the kid sitting in the seat behind the driver.
He scrambled toward the back door and tried to rip it open, but the impact of the crash had jammed it shut. Still scrambling, he got to the other side of the car and threw it open. The kid inside had been knocked unconscious. Mike reached across the seat and unclipped the belt, then put his arms around the kid and dragged him out of the car. After taking him a safe distance from the vehicle he turned to help the other two.
At this point, the smoke coming from hood of the car was impossible to ignore, and Mike redoubled his pace. He went to the passenger’s side door where the woman was sitting, the kid’s mother he presumed. As he got there, he took a second to look at his surroundings to see if any medical personnel had arrived. Instead, what he saw were trees. They lined the left side of his vision.
They ended when his eyes spotted the curved road that was angled downward. A rock wall shot up to his right. He looked back at the car, thoroughly confused now, and got a good look at the woman in the passenger’s seat. The blonde hair. The blue eyes. The small mole above the right side of the upper lip. Gold lipstick. It was his mother. But, if that was his mother, then the kid was—
Mike ran back to the kid and looked him dead in the face. 14-year-old Mike looked right back at him. But no, this can’t be. If this is a memory of the day my parents died, why is the car upright? The last thing I remember about this day was hitting a bump and the car—
Mike looked back at the car. It had been flipped over.
-
The car behind him honked its horn. The sound startled Mike. He was sitting at the intersection across from the liquor store. The light was green. There was no accident in the middle of the street. Had he imagined it? Had he fallen asleep at the wheel? Did he hallucinate? Whatever had happened, it was some kind of sick joke.
Trembling, Mike made his way to the parking lot. He hadn’t thought about his parents’ death in a number of years. Their untimely end had forced him to spend his high school years living with his aunt and uncle in central California. His aunt was a sweet woman, but his uncle had turned into a raging alcoholic. Often, he would come home from school to see the remnants of one of his drunken episodes. Things were constantly broken and strewn across the floor. There was never a moment of peace. It had truly been four years of hell. College had been a reprieve like no other.
As he got out of his car to head into the store, he felt his clothes stick slightly to the seat and realized just how sweaty he was. His nerves were unraveling from the stress; the nightmare could not end soon enough. All he wanted to do was sleep. Only one more night of drinking himself there.

Chapter 25
The longer Terry followed the tube down the mine, the longer it seemed to become. Miners had become increasingly scant until he was walking down the shaft alone. Using his mind, he amplified what little light there was and did his best to continue down. After what felt like an hour, but was probably more like 20 minutes, the shaft leveled out, and he saw a light up ahead. As he got closer, he noticed the light was coming from a room that was much larger than the shaft was.
Terry approached it cautiously, trying not to draw the attention of the man whose back was to the entrance. The shaft didn’t open up until he reached the room, so if he couldn’t close the distance shortly and the man turned around, he was in for a fight. But the man was oblivious, apparently wrapped up in a conversation with someone else. Terry was now close enough to breathe on the man and still he noticed nothing. Terry put him in a chokehold, his left forearm around the man’s neck, his right hand pressing on the back of his head.
“HEY!” One of the men in the room yelled, drawing a pistol. “Put him down.”
Terry took his arms off the man’s neck and shoved him forward toward the man who had spoken. He was wearing miner’s gear, but the yellow vest covered a bullet-proof jacket. He crashed to the floor as his friend slammed into him, and Terry pinned the man who’d drawn his firearm. He wrestled the gun from his hand and fired twice, once into the head of each man. The glass on their helmets shattered and the bullets lodged themselves deep in their brains.
Terry looked up and found himself staring down the barrels of half a dozen assault rifles. He thought about trying to shoot everyone, but instead put the gun down, raised his hands, and started to focus.
“Who are you?” One of the men asked. Terry said nothing. “Answer me dammit!”
The energy was building up in Terry’s head, but the men were out of patience.
“Permission to fire?” Someone else asked.
“Granted.”
A singularity released from Terry’s head as bullets began
flying. The gravitational force caused the projectiles to bend back into it, protecting Terry. In one smooth move, Terry picked up the gun he had dropped, released the singularity, and fired six shots. Six kills. Actually, five. One of the men was still moving slightly, in spite of the slug that had hit him through the nose. Calmly, Terry walked over and put his foot on the man’s chest, gun pointed at his face.
“What is this place? How many more of you are there?”
The man tried to spit at Terry, but the saliva only hit the remains of his glass visor. Terry knelt on the man’s chest and ripped off his helmet, then started pulling the bullet out of the man’s head with his mind.
“What, what are you doing?” He asked, surprised, then started screaming as the slug was pulled back through his face. “Keeping you alive,” Terry replied. “I want some answers.”
The man let out a laugh.
“Hah! What makes you think you’re going to get any from me?”
Terry placed his pistol into the crook of the man’s right arm and fired. He screamed.
“Because once you do, I’ll kill you quickly,” Terry said. “I’m not going to kill you until you talk, but if you stall, you’re going to wish you were dead. Now, what is this place, and where does it all lead?”
The man smiled, but said nothing. Terry hit him with the butt of his gun.
“Tell me,” he growled.
“Bite me!” He replied. Terry shot his other elbow, but he remained obstinate. “Go to hell you shit! I’m not telling you a damn thing.”
Terry stood up, taking his knee off the man’s chest. Then he shot both of his knee caps. The man prepared another insult but Terry said nothing. Instead, he put his foot on the man’s left knee and pressed. The man began to scream, but Terry used his mind as a muffler, stifling the screams as he continued to press. Finally he released, then put his right knee back on the guy’s chest.
“Talk.”
The man’s eyes betrayed his outward bravado, but still he refused to say anything other than call Terry names that redefined the definition of obscene.
“Let me ask you something, buddy,” Terry said calmly. “Have you ever had your bones knitted back together? No? Then we’re going to have some fun.”
He fired a shot into the man’s left shoulder socket, then into his chest plate, then beat his ribs with the butt of his gun. Convinced everything was broken, he let his mind get to work. The shoulder capsule began fixing itself, but rather than reconnecting with its shattered remains, it began to slide down his arm, knitting itself with his broken elbow. The excess of bone now in his arm created intense pressure through his left upper arm, cutting off circulation. The man screamed as the new capsule-elbow began melding with the humerus.
Terry moved to the chest, sliding the individual ribs up his side, poking internal organs along the way, wrapping them around toward his back, then knitting them together with the broken piece of his chest plate. The man now had a noticeable hunch to his left as the bones in his body were put together in an unnatural way, creating pressure on organs, tissues and muscles that was unbearable. Terry glowered at the man as he brought his face close.
“You want to talk now? I know you’re close enough to spit in my face, and I dare you to, because if you thought you’d gone through a lot just now, you have no idea.”
The man had had enough. He didn’t want to know what else Terry was capable of.
“Fine. It’s a gunpowder mine. Through that door,” the man pointed to his left with difficulty, “is a bullet processing factory. The other one is where we make guns. Both of those rooms ultimately lead to a room fully stocked with weapons. It’s our Father’s biggest, most valuable operation, it makes it so much easier to control this world.”
“Does he hang out here?”
“I, I don’t know,” the man sputtered. Terry shot him through his newly reconstructed and deformed arm. The man screamed again.
“I don’t believe you.”
“Fine, fine. Just please, stop hurting me,” the man pleaded, his will, and half of his body, broken. “After the weapons room there’s a corridor, then you reach a fortified vault. Garofino spends a good amount of time there. But not always. I don’t know how, but he seems to cover the distance between his vault and his castle quickly.”
“Thank you. Now, was that so hard?” Terry asked. “One more question, how many of you are there in this complex?”
“Eighty, maybe 100. Garofino keeps his best soldiers with him and near his favorite rooms.”
“And yet, I’m not sure I believe you,” Terry again hit him in the head with his gun butt. “Why should I believe you? Maybe you’re not lying, but you’re also not telling me everything.”
“P-p-p-please, n-n-no. It’s all I know. I swear,” Terry fired another round into the grotesque bulge that used to be the man’s left arm. “OH HOLY FUCK!!!! I SWEAR!!! I SWEAR IT’S ALL I KNOW!!!
Terry tried to read the man’s emotions but sensed only fear. This was all of the information he was going to get out of him. He pointed the pistol at the man.
“All right, you’ve suffered enough. Now it’s time to keep up my end of the bargain.”
Terry emptied the clip into the man’s head.
-
Friday was more of the same for Mike. Everywhere he looked, there were Wanderers intermingled with regular people. When he’d gotten to work, Frost’s brain was showing through a hole in his skull. When Marcus had called him over to review a document, his jaw had been dangling from his face. When he had gone to the break room, Loretta’s elbow was jutting out of her skin. From time to time, the walls in the office would become Garofino’s cobblestones. Other times, the sun would disappear and it would be as dark as the Nightmare World.
His computer screen was going wild all day, images of Nightmare Children and their World superimposing themselves on the work he was doing. He put his head in his hands. It was only one o’clock, and he had just come back from a hell of a lunch break. He still wasn’t sure what the employees at the taco stand looked like, their faces shifting and decaying constantly, never settling on a definite shape. Not even the tacos had provided a reprieve, the meat inside appearing to go through various stages of decay throughout the meal.
It was almost too much to handle. Reality was becoming more and more fleeting, and work was impossible. Thankfully, work was also scarce, and for the second Friday in a row Mike got off at three o’clock. If he’d had to stay another two hours, he might have wound up spending the night in the psychiatric ward.
He rushed home, unplugged his house phone, turned off his alarm, took his battery out of his cell phone and went upstairs to go back to sleep. He had five days to kill this kid.
-
Terry entered the bullet factory, figuring swiping guns from the other room would be useless without ammo. Besides, as well as the pistol, he had picked up a rifle from the guards. It was an AK-47, which was one of his favorite weapons, and the only gun he really needed. He shot the first two guards before they could sound an alarm. The work was all done by machines, and as Terry peeked over a crate he took in just how big the room really was. Each bullet processing machine was about ten feet tall and there were two rows of them. But each of these rows was six machines high, each of them pumping out 100 bullets every few seconds.
Guards were everywhere, probably 50 or 60 for a room that was the length of a football field. Terry found that he could open the crate he was hiding behind and discovered a treasure trove of ammunition. He grabbed a handful of clips and started to strategize. The guards were grouped at each apparatus. It was not the best of strategies to avoid eradication, but it wasn’t as though they were expecting an intruder. Terry tried to stretch his mind into the bullet manufacturing machines, but found them to be too complicated and operating too quickly to fully infiltrate and control mentally.
He looked for a weak point, something he could shoot to bring the whole thing crashing down. There was none. It was a very well supported structure. Instead, he extended his mind into the individually processed bullets from one machine, plucking all 100 out of the air at once. They wouldn’t hit like fired bullets, but they were still about to wreak havoc. With his mind, he sent bullets flying toward each group like they were being fired from a whirling dervish. Without hesitation, he grabbed another hundred, and another, and another. Bullets were flying in every possible direction, all under the control of Terry’s mind for an instant before momentum took over, embedding themselves in the guards’ bodies.
The projectiles, flying at over two hundred miles per hour, seemed to come out of nowhere, giving the guards hardly any time to find cover and regroup themselves before they were struck. After having fired about 3,000 rounds, Terry peeked over his crate slowly, gun at the ready, prepared to take out any stragglers. He was met with a beautiful sight.
Everyone was dead and the machines were thoroughly demolished. Bullet holes pockmarked just about everything and he had a straight path to the weapons room. He ran across the room, kicking aside stray bullets. He made it to a door at the end of the hall, but didn’t open it right away. Instead, he readied his AK, placed his shoulder along the door frame, and started charging a singularity. Just when he felt he couldn’t hold it in anymore, he opened the door and sent it into the room. Fifteen stunned guards had no time to react before they were sucked toward it. Terry didn’t have enough energy to pull them into the singularity, but the gravitational pull had clustered them conveniently. Terry held down the trigger of his AK and sprayed bullets into the crowd, killing them all in a matter of seconds.
Once the maneuver was complete, he collapsed against the nearside wall, taking in huge breaths as he tried to remain alert. His eyelids fluttered, flirting with unconsciousness, but he managed to hold on. After a few minutes, his strength started to come back. Several minutes later, he was back on his feet. There were weapons in the room, but they were all guns; he had hoped for another melee weapon. The pickaxe would have to do the job if it came to that.
Without further hesitation, he entered the door at the other end of the small room.
-
Mike reentered the Nightmare World in a dark, damp room. Fluorescent lights overhead provided a modicum of light. There were several contraptions in a line the middle of the room, and as Mike began making his way forward, he realized that they lined each wall too. They looked like empty pods, imperfect ovals that were squared at both ends, allowing them to lean against flat surfaces. They were angled upwards at 45 degrees.
Most of them were empty, but Mike finally came upon one that, unlike the others, had three tubes sticking out of it. He stepped up and looked into it. Two horrified eyes stared back.
Inside was a man, and one of the tubes sticking out of the chamber was stuck in his mouth. Upon closer inspection, Mike saw a dark gold molasses slowly being sucked out of the man. Mike ran his fingers along the edge of the chamber, but couldn’t find a grip. He felt something jut out behind his field of view and he did his best to jiggle it. There was a snap and a hiss as the chamber opened.
As it did, Mike saw the other two tubes, which were coming out of the man’s palms. Slowly, he pulled the tube out of the man’s mouth, which was longer than he’d expected it to be, then pulled out the two in his palms. Disoriented, the man rolled out of the chamber and started to regain his orientation of the world. Slowly, he got to his feet.
“Thank you so much sir. You have no idea how grateful I am,” Mike inspected the man in front of him briefly and saw him much worse for the wear. The hair he had was disheveled and splayed out, while random splotches of his head were bald and flaky. His face was gaunt, the skin pulled tight against the bones, and his teeth were rotting out of his mouth. But his eyes at least looked alive, even if it was a kind of manic life they showed. The man offered his hand. “Alan.”
“Mike,” he said as he shook it. Even though Alan was dangerously thin, the hand was warm, not the icy cold of the dead. “You’re alive,” Mike concluded. Alan nodded. “What is this place? And what’s that goop they were sucking out of you?”
“It’s time. That’s why I look like shit: they’re literally taking my time from me. It’s what he feeds to his Children,” Alan replied.
“Who, Garofino?”
“Yes, this is how he gives them their life. Now please, can we get going?”
Without another word, the men began walking around the pods sitting in the middle of the room. Mike noticed a few more people having the time sucked out of them, their faces pleading with him to save them, but realized he couldn’t save everyone and stopped looking. They reached the door at the other end of the dull, gray room.
“You have any idea where this leads?” Mike asked.
“Probably less than you do,” Alan replied.
Mike pushed the door open slightly and peeked in. There
were two men at the far end of the room. They were covered in riot gear, without shields, and looked like police officers. They were walking along the far row of chambers, looking in at each one for a number of seconds.
With their backs to him, Mike saw that they had no guns strapped to their hips. He closed the door and looked at Alan.
“You feel good enough to fight?”
“No,” Alan replied. “But my other options are...”
“It’s the unfortunate reality,” Mike agreed. Speaking of unfortunate realities, there was nothing in the room aside from the chambers, meaning there was nothing to use as a weapon.
“So, macho man, you have a plan?” Alan asked, unable to hide his irritation.
“Yes, can you create a few shockwaves in about 45 seconds?” “I can’t promise more than one. I’m kind of recovering here.”
“I know. That’ll have to be enough. When the men hit their apex, hit them again.”
“Apex—” Alan started.
“You’ll see,” Mike flashed a grin.
He pushed the door partially open again, but didn’t see the men. He inched it open a little more and saw that they were further along on their route. Mike threw the door open. The men turned to see the source of the noise. Alan had only just followed Mike into the room when he saw the two men fly straight up toward the ceiling; instantly he understood. He charged a wave as his eyes followed their ascent. As their upward momentum slowed, he released almost all of the energy he had left in his body.
The second blast sent both of them flying diagonally into the ceiling. One of the men dropped like a stone through the glass of one of the chambers and died on impact. The other one did a back flop onto the ground, breaking his back and tearing his spinal cord, as well as knocking the air out of him. Irreparable damage had been done to his spleen, which was quickly inundating his body with blood. Mike lay slumped across a chamber from exhaustion, so Alan ran over to the man who was still alive.
“How do I get out of here?”
The man said nothing, struggling to get a breath. Alan cocked his fist back to punch him when the man spoke his last four words.
“Door, room, stairs up.”
The life left his eyes. Alan punched him anyway. He began rummaging through the man’s pockets, looking for something useful. An iron baton was hooked onto his belt, so Alan took it.
Slowly, Mike opened his eyes. The next 20 seconds were an exercise in reorientation, but, eventually, it all came back to him. He had really outdone himself with that maneuver. Fighting the immense inertia filling his body, he made it to his feet and walked over to Alan.
“You plunder that?” Mike asked, pointing at the baton in Alan’s hand.
“Yup, nice piece of work,” he tossed it over.
Mike caught it and looked it over. It was three feet long and a silver matte color. As he spun it in his hand, he felt part of it start to slide. With a yank, half of the baton slipped off.
“Hello!” Alan exclaimed. Mike’s discovery revealed the weapon’s true power. A full 18 inches was thinner than the other half, but it was covered in small, pyramid-shaped stones, their points facing out.
“This could be useful,” Mike said. He put the sheath back on and tossed it to Alan. “I’m going to check what this other guy has.”
He walked over and pulled the other man out of the chamber. He quickly found the baton and took it for himself. Then Alan called out.
“Check his left calf. Just do it,” he added as Mike opened his mouth to ask why.
So Mike did, and as he felt down the pant leg, he discovered a slight bulge. Rolling up the fabric, he found a 20-inch knife.
“Nice find man,” Mike called back. “Anything else?”
“Not unless you want to try cutting him open.”
A sword and club weren’t the worst of finds, Mike had to
concede. They covered the short distance to the door and opened it. Inside, it was small and flat for about 100 feet until it reached a staircase that led up. Without another word, they began their ascent.

Chapter 26
As Terry open the door, he saw a long, white corridor. He pushed it all the way open and walked in, his AK strapped over his shoulder. The hallway was long and very brightly lit. It looked to him like a hospital. There were doors every twenty feet or so on either side, reinforcing that image. After passing his fourth set of doors, one immediately to his right opened up. He had no chance to get out of sight, so he prepared himself for battle.
A short woman dressed in medical scrubs came out of the room, black hair fell down to her shoulders. Her eyes were a pretty, deep blue, but when she spoke, she betrayed her true nature.
“Hey! New guy!” Terry had no choice but to turn and face her, gun, pickaxe, and all. “Come in here and help me.”
Her pointed teeth flashed every time she opened her mouth, and Terry knew he’d have to do his best to keep his mouth shut. He nodded and followed her in. The room they entered was actually quite small, maybe eight feet by eight feet. There were two huge, metal doors on either side. At the far end was a large computer screen, with a plethora of flashing lights and buttons that befuddled Terry.
“Alright, do you know what you’re doing here, new guy?” The woman asked in a high-pitched voice. He shook his head. She rolled her eyes. “Go stand over there and open the door when I tell you. You’re my muscle if it gets out of hand.”
If WHAT gets out of hand? Terry wanted to ask, concerned, but bit his tongue. The lady walked over to the computer console and began punching things in. After a few minutes, she told Terry to get ready to open the door on the left side of the room. On her cue, he turned the large red handle and pulled it open. A garish pink creature fell into his arms. It was about as tall as Terry and appeared to be bipedal. Its skin was dry and wrinkled, its hands and feet seemed disproportionately large. From all of its digits protruded hard, dark nails that looked capable of finding a hold in concrete.
Its jaw was its most interesting feature. On either side, there were two large mandibles that interlocked horizontally. It jutted out a little farther than a human mouth, but looked ferocious, especially when attached to a bald, noseless pink head. Terry held the limp body upright as the creature slowly came to. Its eyes opened, revealing pitch-black eyeballs. Startled, it began to struggle, thrashing about in Terry’s arms. Terry pushed it into the wall by the throat and held it until it stopped struggling.
“You can let him down now,” the woman instructed, then turned to the creature. “I know you’re confused. If you just listen to me, you’ll be well on your way to figuring things out.”
Terry let the pink creature go and took a step back. The woman led it to the computer console and slid open a compartment. She grabbed the thing’s hand and placed it on the glass that covered it. Then, she took out a hypodermic needle.
“Sorry buddy, I’m going to have to take a little sample to make sure I’m doing this right.”
She drew some blood and stuck the vial into the computer. After a minute, a giant image of a man filled the screen. He was a mid-30s black male with a gash that ran along most of his forehead. It culminated in a dent.
“Bernard Sanders?” The thing nodded.
“Death by head trauma, that’s a bummer.” the woman hit a button high on the console. “Well, you’re in luck. Here’s your second chance at life.”
She stepped back and pulled open a drawer that ran along the bottom of the console wall. She pulled out what looked like the skin of a black male that had been unzipped and taken off of the person. She handed it to him.
“This is you. Throw it over your shoulder with your backside down so as to keep the opening shut,” she looked at Terry. “Open the other door.” He did.
The creature picked up his skin and flung it over his shoulder. An eyeless, lifeless face stared back at Terry from the thing’s hip. It walked through the door, then Terry closed it. Without turning to face the woman, he spoke.
“So is he going to become a Nightmare Child?”
The woman scoffed.
“Of course. It’s standard procedure, we’ve all done it,” she paused, not quite making the realization that might have prevented her demise. “I mean, you are a Nightmare Child, right?”
The woman was still looking at things on her computer when her face was slammed into it, the cold steel of a gun pressed against the back of her head.
“Wrong. Now, someone told me I can find Garofino through here, is that true?” Terry asked.
“Y-yes,” she replied on the verge of hysteria, shocked more than anything by the sudden assault. She never worried about getting hurt on the job, because she always had a tough assistant. Now it was her assistant attacking her.
“Where?” Terry replied calmly, as though he was asking directions to the bathroom.
“At the end of the hallway,” she sputtered.
“Is there some kind of tool around here I might be able to use as a weapon?”
“I’m n-not sure,” the rifle stock hit the back of her head.
“Be sure.”
She took a huge breath, trying to get a hold of herself. She
had taken this job precisely to get away from the violence of the Nightmare World. That thought nearly brought her to tears.
“I-I-I’m pretty s-s-sure there aren’t. We don’t r-really use a- a-anything here. W-W-Wait, there’s a screw driver in that drawer.” She pointed over to it. Then. “Please don’t shoot.”
Terry released his hold on the woman and she slid down to a sitting position. He walked over to the drawer and found an 8 inch flat head. Good enough. He put it in his pocket and looked back at the woman.
“Please, don’t you think you’ve h-h-h-hurt me enough? I’ve helped you out. P-Please. Don’t shoot,” she pleaded.
“Please don’t shoot? Please don’t shoot?!?!?!” Terry yelled. “I’ve been getting the shit kicked out of me since I got here. Do you know why? No? Because there’s a NIGHTMARE CHILD GOING AFTER ONE OF MY FRIENDS! And for all I know, you were the one who created him. So no, I’m not showing you mercy. Be glad ALL I do is shoot you.”
And he did.
-
At the top of the staircase, Mike and Alan found another door. Mike opened it, slowly at first, then quickly when it was clear that the room was empty. On the left side there was a desk, and on this desk, a single lamp. Other than a flickering fluorescent bulb overhead, that was the only light in the room. The desk ran the length of the room, which wasn’t very long, but other than a few overhead cabinets, the left side was bare.
But the right side caught Mike’s attention. Halfway down the room and near the right wall were two bear traps on the ground, with what looked like modified miniature versions hanging from the ceiling. He walked over to inspect further.
When Alan walked into the room, he began to remember the last time he’d been in there. He looked right and saw the bear traps, but this time they were not digging their teeth into him. To his left was that cold metal table, which was covered with scratches from all the “tools” that had been carelessly thrown on it.
“Alan, I found a switch, I wonder if it does anything?” Mike called out. He flipped it. “Huh, maybe it’s broken.” Mike said as nothing happened. He kept flipping it.
Alan pried his eyes away from Mike, the memories of his previous time in the room threatening to consume his thoughts. Every time he flipped the switch, Alan remembered the currents of electricity that it sent flowing through his body. The more he tried not to think about it, the more he did. He began to sweat uncontrollably, and gray filled the edges of his vision. He stumbled to keep his balance.
Alan blacked out.
-
The room at the end of the hallway that Terry entered had no definite shape and no definite size. It was a cool, blue color, but seemed to stretch infinitely. Mario Garofino was standing 20 feet away, at the end of the room that really wasn’t the end of the room. He stood around seven feet tall, big broad shoulders covered by large, spiked shoulder pads. The armor stopped there, however, as he wore a simple, black T-shirt and cargo pants, with combat boots on his feet. But his most striking aspect were his eyes, which were a blazing, glowing red.
“Hello Terry,” Garofino said calmly. “Welcome to my humble abode.”
Terry raised his rifle and tried to fire a burst, but the gun simply clicked. It was useless in this room. He really should have assumed that that was the case going in.
“What? No time to even say hello?” Garofino said. The room shifted to red, brimstone suddenly surrounding Terry as well as boulders taking up the space between the two men. Flames shot up around the edges of the room.
Terry looked around, surprised.
“Nice, huh?” Garofino asked. “It melds with my mind, becoming whatever I want it to become. I spend a lot of my time here because, well, why would I need to go anywhere if I can bring everywhere to me?” He let out a laugh.
“You’re so fucked,” Garofino added. Terry felt Mario’s mind reach out to try and infiltrate his, looking to take hold of his brain and its functions. With the right maneuvers, he could control any and every part of Terry’s body, from his breathing to his heart rate to his internal organ functions. Whatever happened, allowing Garofino into his mind could not be one of them. Thus began a mental chess match, each person making their next move carefully as they fought over dominion of Terry’s brain.
As Garofino tried to gain control over certain neurotransmitters, Terry would make them fire, whether that meant twitching an arm or making himself mad, he had to manipulate his body and mind in such ways that prevented Garofino from taking control of it. The effort of the struggle took all of Mario’s focus, a fact Terry took advantage of to send a wave of energy at Garofino, who had to break his hold on Terry’s mind in order to avoid it.
Perfectly spherical boulders shot up out of the ground and provided a barrier around Garofino. Then, one by one, the boulders began throwing themselves at Terry. He avoided the first few, but there were too many of them and he got bowled over into one of the stones behind him.
It only took him a second to recover, but when he looked up, he found that the room had again changed. It was now filled with water and, although breathing wasn’t an issue, there were sharks of all types circling him. Mako, bull, tiger, hammerhead, and great white, all under Garofino’s control. Six of them began circling him, waiting for the time to strike. Finally, one of the tiger sharks behind him made its move.
Terry did a back flip, grabbing onto the shark’s fin as it passed underneath him, inches from where he had just been. He took out the screwdriver and drove it into the top of its head, driving the length of the metal into its brain. As he pulled it out, blood began pouring into the water; he distanced himself from it quickly. Even in this world, the sharks’ instinct for blood proved to be too much, and their focus shifted from Terry to their fallen comrade. Cursing in disgust, Garofino changed the setting to a barren desert, a dry heat bearing down on both of them.
He moved toward Terry, drawing the large, double-sided ax that he had just summoned. Terry tried to fire a mind bullet, then tried sending him flying with a wave, but Garofino shrugged them off with ease. Desperate, he tried to charge a singularity, but, with the heat, found that the effort was too great. Garofino raised his ax and brought it down before Terry could draw his pickaxe. Terry had to roll to his left to avoid having his head cut in two. Wrenching the ax from the ground, Garofino raised it to swing it again when he felt a sharp, focused pain in three spots in his stomach, followed by a trickle of blood. Terry stabbed him again, alternating between his stomach and face, driving the flathead in and out of Garofino’s body so quickly that it was surprising he didn’t break the sound barrier. The fact that the tool wasn’t designed as a weapon made it that much more painful.
With blood drenched clothes and a gored mess for a face, Garofino let out a yell. The room returned to its original blue color, but to his right was a glowing, red hole. Garofino shoved Terry backwards, giving him just enough time to break toward that hole and dive in before Terry could hit him again.
As Garofino disappeared into the hole, the hole itself began disappearing. Terry regained his balance, ran for the hole and dove in.
-
“Alan. ALAN!”
Alan slowly opened his eyes to see a concerned Mike. “Whu—”
“You passed out for a couple of minutes, Alan. You were
yelling something about a man. It sounded bad. Did something happen here? It does kind of look like a place they’d torture someone.”
“Tenderize,” he said.
“I’m sorry?”
“That’s what they call it. Tenderizing. They said it made taking my time easier. It’s like tenderizing meat. They take the will to live out of you, so your body has less of an issue with rescinding its life.”
“Oh man, dude, I’m sorry. That just sounds horrible. We don’t have to spend any more time in here. Do you want to keep moving?” Mike sympathized.
“Yes, no. Not yet.”
He walked over to the cabinets situated above the table and pounded on the right one three times. Then he pushed it in and both doors sprang open. Inside was a decent assortment of torture devices, a few of which could be used as weapons. Alan pulled out a couple of the short knives, like those that had been jammed through his knees. He saw the bullwhip but didn’t think he could do much with it: he wasn’t Indiana Jones.
Mike walked over to the desk and started looking through the other side of the cabinet. Here, he found a small, one-handed mace, which he grabbed.
“That thing hurts like hell and causes bleeding, but it’s not a quick killer,” Alan chimed in. Mike looked down at it and put it back.
“Thanks for the heads up. I’ll just keep the baton we pilfered.”
In reality, aside from the knives, there wasn’t much to use. It was all designed to hurt, and hurt a lot, but not to do damage in a fight. About to give up, Mike spotted a pipe in the back. Reaching past the various torture devices, he grabbed it and pulled it out. It was three feet long, heavy, and open at one end. There was a switch along the side. Mike pointed the open end away from his face and flipped the switch. A roaring blue flame shot out from it; it was about as long at the pipe itself.
“This should work,” Mike said.
“No kidding,” Alan replied as he saw the torch once used on him. “You ready to go?”
“Yeah, let’s get the hell out of here.”
They turned right and headed for the door opposite the one they came in. Alan led the way this time, the club he had taken in the pod room unsheathed and in his hand. Mike followed right behind with the torch. They walked through the door and were hit with a stunning darkness. Mike switched his torch on.
Fire shot out of it, but it still didn’t reveal much. They walked along slowly, not able to find any walls. They kept walking as straight as they could, Mike now in the lead but saying nothing. It was difficult to orient himself in the vast darkness. After five minutes or so of walking through what was turning out to be a very large room, Mike stopped.
“What do you say we try turning left?” He asked. Alan agreed, so they did.
But that proved to go nowhere either, as they still had no understanding of the room they were in and had been unable to find a wall. Mike took another step forward and nearly lost his balance. Only his heel had landed on solid ground. The front of his foot was supported by nothing. Upon further inspection, had he fallen, he would have fallen for a very long time.
Suddenly, the room was filled with light, overhead fluorescents going on everywhere. Mike saw that they were maybe twenty yards from the wall they had been heading towards originally. Had they turned right instead of left, they would have had to walk a good 100 yards, but they would have found the stairs.
However, their problem at the moment was having been found. Two dozen Nightmare Children were pointing guns at them.
“Alan Boxer, you really almost screwed things up for your Nightmare Child, you know that?” One of them said as he stepped forward. “Why are you making this process so hard on everyone? Now we’re going to have to tenderize you a little more, then stick you back in the chamber.”
Neither Alan nor Mike said anything. The man spoke again.
“And Mike Goddard. I guess I shouldn’t be surprised to see you here. Chris has been expecting you, and boy will he be glad to see you. I’d tell you what you’re in for, but there are no words to describe what he has planned,” he turned to a group of Children. “You four, cuff them. We’ll deal with them from there.”
Four Children stepped forward and began approaching the two of them. If the man had not been smart enough to send four, Mike and Alan might have had a fighting chance. Close range two-on-two combat against enemies with guns could provide a way to turn the situation around via human shield, but against four, there was no chance.
Mike felt one of them grab his left arm and pull it behind his back. Then he felt the grip loosen and the hold go. He looked up and saw all of the Children running toward the stairs. He looked over at Alan, confused. Alan didn’t seem sure of what was going on either. Then, an undeniable look of realization came over his face. A look Mike did not like. Slowly, they turned around to see what had scared the Children away.
Rising up from the depths beyond the ledge was a dragon. But not just any dragon. Mike realized why the room was so large. The thing was huge. It’s head was 25 feet above the lip of the ledge, which it had grabbed onto with two claws. The rest of the beast’s body was hidden underneath the ledge, but Mike didn’t really want to find out what was there. Its underbelly was a dark, blood red. No it’s not, Mike realized. Its underbelly was white, stained with dark, red blood. Its scales were a deep, royal purple, creating a frightening contrast with the stomach.
Its wings spanned half a football field when spread out from its back. Red fireballs sat in its skull where its eyes would be and its broad snout extended ten feet from the rest of its face. The thing roared, revealing three sets of razor sharp teeth. Its claws made SUVs look small by comparison.
“What is THAT?!?!?!” Mike exclaimed, horrified.
“I’ve seen that thing before,” Alan said. “It’s Garofino’s subconscious. We should run.”
“We should run,” Mike agreed.
The men turned and ran for the stairs. They hadn’t gotten very far when the dragon flapped its wings, which created a huge current of air behind Mike and Alan. They were thrown forward. Mike felt a sickening drop in his stomach, the same way he would when jumping in an elevator. His left knee hit the ground first, pain shooting through his leg. He managed to cover his head with his forearms, which snapped with a sickening crunch upon landing.
Ignoring the pain, Mike scrambled to his feet and saw that he had been blown much farther forward than he had thought, with the door less than 20 yards away. It really was a miracle he’d only broken his arms. He pushed his feet to keep moving, turning back to check on the slightly lagging Alan as he ran. The way his was limping suggested a broken leg. Mike made it to the door first and yanked it open, agony shooting through his lower arms as he did, slipping inside. He used his leg to hold the door for Alan, who wasn’t very far behind, when the dragon gave another flap of its wings.
This caused the door to slam shut and Alan to slam into the adjacent wall. Mike had been blown back slightly, but the door had gotten the worst of it. He went to reopen the door and help Alan when a giant clawed hand tore a hole in the wall. Through the newly created hole, Mike saw the dragon with Alan in its grasp. From his angle, he could see a good deal down the dragon’s body and, despite it having crossed the distance of the room, he still couldn’t see the end of it. Instead, every few yards there was another set of arms along the thing’s body.
Realizing there was nothing he could do for the man he had saved such a short time ago, Mike headed up the stairs, ignoring his swollen knee and not caring if he ran into more Nightmare Children, only knowing that he had to go up. The steps could not end soon enough. For a while, the dragon followed Mike up the stairs, but it ultimately gave up on this endeavor. Before it returned to the depths of the unknown to do whatever it was that it did, it unleashed a freezing breath at Mike.
The cobblestones along the wall and stairs became coated with ice, the colors of the stones locking in place. Mike felt the temperature drop, and pushed harder to avoid it. Just as he thought he’d be able to out run it, he felt his left heel freeze over. The cold was biting, painful, more forceful than any cold he had ever felt. The back of his shoe was now an icy mess.
Undeterred, he kept racing up the stairs, the door finally within striking distance. He reached the top and sat down on the step. Now came the hard part: he didn’t know how to fix broken bones. And this time, there was no Terry to do it for him.
His left arm had taken the worst of the damage: couldn’t even move his fingers. He decided to tackle his right arm first, as it was both dominant and less complicated to fix. It had it strange
curve to it, broken about halfway up the arm, and needed to be reset. Also not something he knew how to do. So he tried something else. Closing his eyes, Mike reached deep inside himself, trying to create a three dimensional image of the inside of his arm using his mind. He felt around his forearm like a blind man feeling an object to “see” it. It was a crude process, but the image he got was clear enough to see that the two bones in his arm had been snapped entirely, and the halves closest to his hand had slipped over the other halves. Resetting it would require a decent amount of pulling back, then readjusting. He drew his mind back into reality.
As he went to grab his wrist to pull it, he remembered that his left hand was about as useful as a mesh umbrella. But his upper left arm worked. He tucked his right hand underneath his armpit and squeezed it as tightly as he could. Biting down on the collar of his shirt, Mike pulled his wrist as hard as he could. Reality became nothing more than the pain of his bones. They were two tectonic plates rubbing against each other, instead of an earthquake creating an explosion of pain. The nerves rubbed against each other and against the sharp edges of the broken bones, a deep rift of agony that opened further the more he pulled.
Then, relief. Not complete relief, there was still pain, but the worst of it was over. With a little more finagling, his arm was reset as well as he could get it. Now, the visualization. He pictured the two separate halves of his forearm and saw them...doing what? How did bones reconnect? The best option he could come up with was to treat it like melding metals. So that’s what he visualized. The broken ends of the bones started to get soft, like they were being heated in a furnace. And with that image came the heat of molten bone. A raging lake of lava inside of his forearm. Holding it no longer than he had to, he cooled the bones, slowly to avoid shattering, but easing the pain significantly.
The wound throbbed, but the deed was complete. He flexed his fingers and wrist and found that he had a full range of motion, even if the surrounding muscles had suffered some minor damage that hadn’t been fixed. His left arm proved to be a bit more complicated, because it wasn’t broken: it was shattered. All that was left were hundreds of tiny fragments of what used to be an ulna and radius. Fortunately, the wrist was unharmed, because there was no way he would have been able to accurately recreate a wrist.
What proceeded was a complicated, agonizing, but ultimately successful, process. With his mind, Mike used the image of his right arm as a template while simultaneously molding the shattered remnants of his left arm. The division of concentration elongated the process, but Mike fought through the pain. His entire left forearm had become a shell filled with molten lead, causing blistering on the outside of the skin, but he made it through. Movement had returned, his arms were back to functioning.
With that taken care of, he could now turn his attention to his frozen foot. Grabbing his torch, he turned it on and slipped his shoe off. After melting the ice off, he took off his sock and saw that his heel was a dark, black purple, undoubtedly frost bite. Mike cursed as he poked it and felt nothing. There was probably something he could do about it, but he would have to make do. He’d been delayed long enough. Readying his torch, he stood up and turned to the door. Cracking it open, he expected to see most of the Nightmare Children waiting for him to come up the stairs. But there weren’t that many. In fact, it seemed as though he and Alan had been left for dead. He couldn’t blame them: they had been right about Alan.
The closest enemy was ten feet away in the small, otherwise empty room. He appeared occupied with something on his gun, so Mike put away his torch and decided to pounce, hoping he could get to that guy before the other three in the room realized what was going on. He opened the door and ran for the man, putting his left arm around his neck as he grabbed the man’s right hand, which held his handgun.
The two began struggling for it, but, as Mike had hoped, he had created too much chaos to create a clear shot for the others. Realizing he needed to do something, Mike released the man’s right hand and grabbed his torch. Flicking it on, the flame hit the man’s hand as he was bringing it behind his head to try and shoot Mike.
He dropped the gun as immense heat cooked his skin, causing instant blistering and burns. Mike put the torch away and reinforced his grip around the man’s neck. With a little cajoling, he was able to crouch down with his human shield in his arms and pick up the gun. One of the other Children had slowly made his way to a flanking position, trying to hit Mike where he wasn’t protected.
Seeing this as he crouched, Mike shot the flanker before getting back up. He pointed the gun at the other two.
“Put the guns down,” Mike commanded. When they didn’t respond, he turned it on his captive. “Drop them.”
“Or what? You’ll shoot your only protection? I don’t buy it,” one of them said.
Mike turned the gun toward the one who hadn’t spoken and shot him twice, then turned the gun on the other one.
“Is something wrong? I figured you would have shot me by now. You know, since, if you shoot him, you take away my human shield,” Mike said. “Or did I play that right in assuming that you aren’t going to kill your buddy?”
“Fu—” BANG. Mike shot him too.
“Now,” Mike said, turning the gun on his hostage. “Would you be so kind as to tell me how to get to Garofino’s room?”
“Why should I?” The man spat back. “You’re just going to kill me.”
“Not if you tell me what I need to know. Besides, you already know how hot that torch is, and there’s more of it coming if you don’t answer.”
Resigned, the man sighed. He pointed at a staircase in the far right corner.
“Take those stairs up. You’ll reach a door, but keep going. When you reach a second break in the stairwell, take a right. It’s the 14th door on the left,” he explained.
“And you promise this is true?”
“I swear, I swear, I swear,” the man said, panic starting to set in.
“I’ll believe you, because I’m sure you don’t want any more of that torch. But if I find out I was wrong to trust you, I’ll come back and finish the job.”
With that, he pushed the man forward and hit him across the back of the head with a home run swing of the pipe. He probably wasn’t dead, but he wouldn’t wake up for a while. Satisfied, Mike turned toward the staircase. Before climbing up, he walked over to the other dead bodies and grabbed some extra ammo, then headed for the door.

Chapter 27
Alan felt himself dragged into the darkness, fully in the clutches of Garofino’s subconscious. The thing pulled him further and further into the abyss it had come from. After a point, there was only blackness. Alan couldn’t see or feel his physical body, all he knew was that he was a consciousness in the dark, perhaps falling, but not even sure of that anymore. Then, he began hearing voices.
Honey, do you think the socket is insulated enough? Why is the dog foaming at the mouth? By this point, skydiving is safer than walking across the street. I’m not putting my seatbelt on at this hour, no one’s on the road. When’s the last time you saw a rattlesnake at this time of year? We’re pushing through the snow, the room’s already been paid for and I’m not waiting until tomorrow to get there. Look asshole, don’t go—whoa, whoa, whoa, put down the knife.
Alan had to laugh. Or do whatever this detached, conscious’s equivalent to laughter was. He was now certain that he had no physical body, much less a voice box with which to make the sound. In any case, he couldn’t help his humor as he realized that he was hearing people’s last words. The absurdity of the thought captivated him, and his hysterics continued. These were the kinds of scenarios only seen in movies, and here he was hearing it for real. Were these unfortunate people now Nightmare Children? He had no idea, although he would have guessed they probably were, given the “famous last words” nature of the phrases. But his laughing stopped abruptly when the last words of the dead were replaced with more morbid sounds.
NOOO!!! I DON’T WANT TO GO OUT LIKE THIS!!!! YOU CAN’T DO THIS TO ME!!!! I HAVE A WIFE AND KIDS, A LIFE TO LIVE, STOOOOOPPP!!!!! AHHHHHHHH!!!! GET AWAY FROM ME!! GET AWAY FROM ME!!! WHY ME!!?!?!?! WHY ME!?!?! WHY NOT TAKE SOMEONE WITH LESS TO LOSE IN LIFE!?!?!?!??!
Alan stopped cold at the sound of his voice. He was now hearing the final screams of people defeated by Nightmare Children, one of which was his own. The thought brought a crushing depression down on him, occupying every last bit of his conscience, but, of course, he couldn’t cry. As every last happy thought was overrun by crushing sorrow, a new sound filled his head, one that felt like it was projecting out from inside of him. They were moans, screams of desperation, sounds made by those with no hope. They were the laments of other people, but they might as well have been his. He was surrounded and engulfed by other consciousnesses, others who had fallen prey to Garofino’s subconscious. Slowly, he realized that this was his future, to be stuck in this empty abyss for eternity. Horrible panic joined the sadness in his mind, and as it did, he joined the chorus of despair.

Chapter 28
Following the man’s instructions, Mike arrived at the 14th door on the left. Readying his gun, he opened it. The room was empty and small, with a single door at the end of it. The walls were a plain off-white; no cobblestones in this room. Mike could feel it: he was nearing the end of his journey. Excitement growing in his body, he walked toward the door. But as he opened it, he was sucked through the entrance, his vision going white for a second before he came to again. When he did, his back was against a wall adjacent to a closed door, and an Army Ranger was in the same position on the other side of the doorframe.
Mike looked down and saw that he was in full combat gear, the name Raven on his left breast. In his hands was an M-16 assault rifle and he was just beginning to notice the intense heat of the Iraqi sun. Across the road, disheveled but still decent-looking houses lined the area. While most of the windows had been blown out, and the paint was anything but uniform, they were otherwise all still standing. There was another soldier standing ten feet from the door, holding a battering ram. The man on the other side of the doorframe spoke up.
“Ok, intelligence tells us that Private Ramirez is being held in this house. Corporal Raven, as soon as we knock this door down, throw a flash-bang. We can’t be sure Ramirez isn’t on the first floor, and we don’t want to kill him.”
Realization dawned on Mike. The man who had spoken was Terry. Fifteen years younger maybe, but the voice was undoubtedly that of his best friend: he was experiencing a memory. Before that thought could go very far, the soldier brought the battering ram to the door, causing it to crack, but not break. Mike prepared a grenade and as the door came crashing down from another blow, he tossed it in and plugged his ears.
He felt the explosion and the three of them, led by Terry, entered the house. There were five enemies, all reeling from the effects of the flash-bang, who were quickly dispatched by the Rangers. Mike discovered that he had an innate understanding of what to do and how to do it despite having no formal military training. The small room with overturned tables and chairs had a stairwell on the left side and an entrance to a kitchen on the right. From that kitchen came another three insurgents wielding AK-47s. They too were quickly shot in the head and killed with surgical precision.
Terry motioned for them to go through the kitchen, the third soldier leading the way this time. The kitchen wasn’t very big either, a counter on the right side but just a plain wall on the left, and it turned sharply left into another room. Terry motioned them to hold their position and sidled up to the doorway. Peeking in, he saw no one. They must have taken out everyone on the floor already.
The Rangers turned around and went back out of the kitchen and up the stairs, Terry again in the lead. Halfway up, the staircase turned right. They found a closed door at the top. Terry motioned for them to flash-and-clear the room. Odds were that Ramirez would be there. It was the only room left that they were aware of, and they sure as hell didn’t want to kill him. Mike again gripped a grenade, placing himself on the wall next to the door handle. Terry tried his luck but found it locked. The third man, Corliss, his name tag said, brought out two lock picking tools and moved to pick it.
Terry put his hand out to stop him. Then he put his fists together and moved them apart while opening them, creating an exploding motion. Corliss nodded in understanding, motioned to Mike to move back a little, and stuck a rod with a small charge at the end of it in the keyhole. He took a step back, Mike prepped his grenade, and the doorknob exploded. As it did, gunfire burst through the thin wood, filling Corliss with lead. From a safer position to the side of the doorframe, Mike knocked the door inward on its hinges and threw the grenade.
Terry leaned around the corner and started firing at the blinded enemies. There were another five of them guarding a small, which, at the back, held a man tied to a chair with a black bag over his head. Ramirez. Terry had killed three of them when Mike started firing at the other two. He shot them both in the head before they had had a chance to recover from the blast.
With their enemies dead, they approached the man tied to the chair, walking over shards of glass from the shattered windows. He was still in his Ranger uniform and his name tag indeed identified him as Ramirez. Mike reached out and grabbed the bag covering his head. As he did, a charge connected to his neck, which was covered by the bag, went off, blowing off Mike’s left hand. Ramirez’s head rolled off of his body. But it wasn’t Ramirez; Terry’s best guess was that it was a civilian they had kidnapped to use as a decoy.
Terry kicked the head in frustration, then went over to Mike.
“DAMMIT! All this work, and it’s not him. Give me your hand. Stay still, you’re going to be OK,” Terry reached down and began bandaging the arm, doing his best to stop the bleeding. He wrapped a tourniquet around it tightly, pretty sure it would do the job.
Mike looked at his left arm, which was now about three-quarters of an arm, and felt himself starting to fade. Terry slapped him in the face.
“Keep it together soldier. We’ve still got a man missing out there. We need to find him.”
Nodding fiercely, Mike forced himself up and eschewed his rifle for his sidearm. They moved to head down the stairs when a bullet nicked Terry in the ear. The two of them turned and saw, directly across from them, more enemies firing from a building. Terry immediately fired back, but then quickly ducked for cover.
Mike situated himself on the other side of the wall below the window, peeking over it periodically to see if he had a clear shot; Terry did the same. Finally, they saw a head poke itself just above the ledge and both opened fire.
“I think I got him,” Terry said. He was proven wrong when the head poked itself up again, so he continued firing. Then, he saw the body start to pull itself over the ledge. But it wasn’t actually climbing over the ledge: it was being pushed. Finally, the body was far enough over the ledge for momentum to take over and it flipped and fell before stopping suddenly halfway down. A rope was hung around the neck of the man. And in the forehead of the dangling Ricardo Ramirez were the two bullet holes where Terry had shot him just moments before.
-
Mike came-to back in the room, his left hand throbbing, but very much there. He was back at the entrance of the room and, standing at the other end, was Private Ricardo Ramirez, in Nightmare Child form. He was smiling, flashing those pointed teeth. Mike raised his gun to fire, but Ramirez had his rifle aimed at Mike’s head.
“What we have here, is a Mexican standoff,” Ramirez said with a laugh. Then he became serious. “You now know how I lost my life, and what I’m fighting for. I’m going to take back some years that are rightfully mine.”
But Mike wasn’t listening. As he spoke, Mike was seeing himself pull the trigger on his gun. Slowly, he visualized the bullet exiting the chamber and heading toward Ramirez’s gun, guiding it toward his muzzle. Just as he saw the tip of the bullet enter the tip of the rifle’s muzzle, Mike actually did shoot. Having had to compensate for the brain’s inability to adjust a fired bullet, he had done his best to preempt those adjustments.
When he heard the gun jam as Ramirez tried to shoot back, he knew he had done it right. Mike tried to shoot again when a blast of energy sent him flying into the wall. As he slammed into it, the gun slipped from his hand and fell just out of reach. Slumped against the wall, Mike sprawled and tried grab the gun when an army boot crunched his right wrist.
He gritted his teeth in pain, the imperfectly restructured bones snapping under the weight. With his left hand, he grabbed his torch. As Ramirez reached down to grab the gun, Mike turned the torch on and jammed it into his leg. The burning of his flesh became Ramirez’s sole focus as he turned and hopped out of the range of the flame. He slapped the back of his leg frantically as his pants had caught fire.
Distracted, he didn’t see Mike get up and grab the pistol until it was pointed at him. He dropped straight down as Mike fired again, causing him to miss. The recoil of the gun shot bolts of pain up his right hand, but he had no time to switch it to his left. Ramirez pulled out a combat knife and threw it. Mike stepped right to avoid it, but the distance between the men had been covered, and Ramirez was now fighting him for the gun. The lack of feeling in his left heel caused Mike to stumble, and Ramirez was able to pin him to the wall, both men holding onto the sidearm. Adrenaline took over for Mike, maintaining his grip on the gun in spite of the fact that his arm had been replaced by agony. In the struggle, Ramirez had forgotten about the unlit torch in Mike’s left hand and had failed to gain any kind of control over that arm. Aware of this, Mike tried to turn it on, but nothing happened. Undeterred, he reach behind him as far as he could and brought the pipe into Ramirez’s right knee. There was an audible crunch, followed by an audible scream of pain.
Mike pushed Ramirez off of him and brought his left hand back again and swung. The iron pipe connected with the man’s head; Mike could feel the skull cave. Ramirez’s limp body dropped to the floor. Mike walked over to the body and twice more he fired into Ramirez’s head, then was done with him.
He tried turning on the torch again, but it was out of fuel. He holstered it anyway, as it was, in itself, a good weapon. Trying to flex his right hand, he found that he couldn’t actually move it at all. The damage was much more extensive this time, and Mike didn’t know how much of it he could fix properly. Instead, he removed the studded club from its sheath and placed it in his right hand. He curled his fingers around it, focusing on where the pain was the worst as he did. With his mind, he did his best to shut down the pain receptors that were causing the most discomfort. When it reached a reasonable level, he took a few swings with the club and found it painless enough to continue. He could worry about the extent of the injury after Chris was dead.
With his gun in his left hand and the club in his right, he headed toward the door. This time, when he opened it, there was no memory flashback and he walked right on through.

Chapter 29
As soon as Terry stepped into the opening, he felt the matter that made up his body entirely reconfigured into a long, thin line of particles. He was speeding through the portal he’d followed Garofino into when, without warning, he came out of the other end. He was again intact, all of his parts there and in the right order, and he was in a room, the configuration of this one stable.
It was a very medieval looking room. There were two tables along the wall at the far end. A king-size mattress with a canopy was along the middle of the nearside wall. There was a fire pit in the middle with a roaring blue fire protruding from it. A jeweled chandelier hung over the pit. The floors were wooden, but the walls were the metallic cobblestones. There was otherwise not much to see in the room, except, of course, Mario Garofino and Chris, who were standing by the door on the adjacent wall.
“Nice of you to join us, Terry,” it was Chris who spoke. “You’re just in time to be our entertainment for the evening. Mario hates not having someone to kill at the end of a long day.”
Terry spat.
“This has gone on long enough, you bastard. You’ve made life way too hard on three people, and for that you’re going to pay.”
“Bite me,” Chris snapped back. “Where is that friend of yours, anyway?”
On cue, the door was thrown open, knocking Chris and Garofino forward. Mike had made it to the top room. Taking advantage of the brief moment of confusion, Mike drew his weapon and shot at Garofino, who still showed signs of the damage he had suffered earlier. But the gun only clicked. The clip wasn’t empty, Mike had made sure of that, but it was clear that firearms were useless in this room as well. He felt stupid for not assuming that. He felt even stupider after remembering that Terry had mentioned the likelihood of such a thing. But he had no time to wallow in his stupidity.
With the gun useless, he grabbed the studded club with his left hand, the iron pipe already in his right one. He and Chris wasted no time and were already fighting, the kid’s four foot broadsword up against Mike’s three foot club and equally large pipe. And despite the weapon being almost as large as the kid, he wielded it like a fully grown warrior, able to handle everything that Mike threw at him. Garofino made his way over to Terry. Terry took out the steel pickaxe, preparing to fight, then had an idea. He threw his screwdriver at Chris, fully knowing he would dodge it. He did, but that gave Mike just enough time.
Taking advantage of the distraction from Terry, Mike hit Chris in the head with his club. The stones dug into the right side of his skull near his eye, causing bleeding and breaking the outside of the orbital bone. Staggering, Chris took a couple of stumbling steps before getting back on solid ground, wielding his broadsword, now pissed. He blocked another swing from the club, then fired a mind bullet at Mike, hitting him in the arm. It hurt, but didn’t do any serious damage. Mike responded by swinging again at Chris, who ducked under it. Mike’s lack of left-handed dexterity was becoming painfully obvious and he was still reticent to attack with his right hand. Chris returned the favor with a swing from his broadsword which connected with Mike’s left shin, digging into the flesh and slicing into the bone.
In the meantime, Terry was trying to finish off Garofino, who had taken out a long sword himself. The occasional flash of the weapons and the constant clanging were the only things that would clue an observer into what was going on. They were attacking at speeds that would confound even the most talented swordsman while defending quickly enough to not let anyone gain the upper hand. More unseen was the mental battle going on. Terry and Mario were exchanging waves of energy and mind bullets, vibrations in the air around them constant, all the while trying to gain control of the other’s brain.
Terry was currently fighting a losing battle in that department. He began struggling with his motor skills as Garofino gained slight control over his neurotransmitters. As Garofino began making them fire randomly, Terry’s feet started tripping over each other, the swings of his pickaxe becoming less precise. Sensing that he had the upper hand, Garofino closed in, sword raised to swing. Terry stopped fighting the force that was partially controlling his body and simply dropped straight down. The sword passed over him, the momentum of the swing knocking Garofino off balance.
Terry stood back up and hit him in the back, the point of the pickaxe digging deep into Garofino’s body. As the pain shot through his enemy, his hold on Terry’s mind was released as well. Garofino turned around to fight him but was sent flying backward into one of the tables from a kick to the chest.
Mike, meanwhile, was having less luck with Chris. His broken leg was screaming with pain, the bone threatening to pop out of the skin at any moment. The kid was simply too fast to handle, avoiding clumsy attacks from both weapons as though they were moving through water. Chris’s broadsword, in turn, was making quick work of Mike. He had already cut Mike along both arms and had sunk his blade deep into his right thigh. Blood was beginning to cover the ground as a result, and Mike started to feel faint. Chris deflected a mind bullet and returned fire with one of his own, sending vibrations through the club Mike was holding.
The weapon sent shockwaves of pain through Mike’s left hand as it absorbed the blast, but he didn’t let go. Realizing his approach wasn’t working, he let Chris move in toward him and, as the kid was preparing to take a swing at his head, Mike ducked and hit him in the right knee with the club. The kid howled in pain, his kneecap split in half. Mike followed it up with a swing of the pipe, hitting him in the ribs and knocking the air out of him. The second blow caused enough pain to break through the numbing effects of Mike’s mind, and his right wrist shattered. The pipe clattered to the floor as Mike’s hand went limp and hung unnaturally from his forearm. But there was no time for inconsequential things like shattered bones and the agony that came with them.
With his other hand, Mike tried to bring the club down on Chris’s head, the kid, despite his severe injuries, wrapped his mind around Mike’s ankle and pulled it forward. Mike fell backward, slamming his back on the floor and feeling the air leave his lungs. In an instant, Chris was on top of him, holding Terry’s screwdriver above his head.
“You ready to die, bitch?” He sneered. “You put up a hell of a fight, I’ll—“
He wheezed and coughed once, grimacing in pain, but not taking his focus away from Mike.
“I’ll give you that. But nobody, NOBODY, beats Chris Martinek.”
“Before you kill me, tell me this,” Mike stalled. “Why did you go after Julie? WHY? She’s the first decent girl I’ve had a chance with since I my heart was obliterated and you go after HER?”
Mike’s anger took over and he tried to struggle the kid off of him. Chris punched him in the face, hard. Then started laughing.
“You moron. Julie was never in any kind of trouble. I’m aware of how good of a trainer Merlin is, then I figured out who Terry was. I knew if they had too much time to train you, you were probably going to be able to kill me, or at least give me the fight of my life,” he grinned at his wordplay. “So, I thought, how do I get Mike to want to skip that training phase? How can I force his hand?”
“By making it seem like Julie was in danger,” Mike whispered.
“Bingo,” Chris brought the screwdriver down toward Mike’s throat.

Chapter 30
Chris brought his right arm down hard on Mike’s face. But his hand didn’t follow. As he had brought the screwdriver down, Mike had grabbed the long knife from his left hip, the other weapon he had pilfered from the cop, and brought it in front of his face at the last minute. In essence, he had forced Chris to amputate his own hand. Chris let out a yell of rage.
That was enough of an opening for Mike, and he punched Chris across the face. Having knocked the kid off balance, Mike tucked his right arm under Chris’ left leg, and rolled him over. Now free, he got up. Mike moved toward him to finish him off, when Chris let out a piercing shriek. As he did, his mouth seemed to get bigger and bigger, more than a human mouth should. Then, pink fingers with long, dark nails began to protrude from his mouth, grasping his bottom teeth as though trying to use them as a ledge. The stump of the hand that Mike had cut off followed suit, and whatever this was began to pull itself out of Chris’ mouth.
The mandibles came first, and they were huge. Two large fangs hung horizontally on either side, each one four inches across. They were attached to a bald, pink head, which still held those glowing green eyes, but there was no nose. Finally, the creature was entirely out of its skin. It was an ugly pink thing, about as tall as Chris was, but with disproportionately long and skinny arms and with toes were more like talons. It let out a screech.
“What the FUCK is that?” Mike screamed.
“That’s Chris,” Terry shouted. “That’s what he actually looks like as a Nightmare Child, he just hides under his skin. Enough talk.” And he went back to fighting with Garofino.
The abomination that stood in front of Mike came at him, digging his teeth into Mike’s left thigh then wrenching his head sideways. Blood began gushing from the leg. Mike tried to swing his mace at Chris but he was too fast and he jumped at Mike, trying to bite his face.
Mike put his hands up and tried to push the creature away from him, but those long finger nails had dug into his forearms. He couldn’t shake the thing off, the nails digging deeper as the pain got more unbearable. Finally, he felt the nails inside his forearms touch each other. That was the end of the line. Bringing the kid high above his head, he slammed him full force into the cobblestone ground, the back of Chris’s head whipping down onto it.
Unfortunately, as Mike threw him to the ground, the kid had managed to find a hold just below Mike’s left temple with a talon on his right foot, causing it to rip open the side of his face. Mike screamed in pain as the left side of his face became instantly drenched, the gash running most of the way down his jaw line. Blood was streaming onto the floor and it felt like a hot, sticky washcloth had been slapped on his face. But the kid was out cold. His eyes had rolled to the back of his head, although he wasn’t dead. Mike took advantage of the break to sew up a few of his wounds.
-
While all of this was going on, Terry had been making progress with Mario. After he had cut Garofino across the back, the battle for each other’s minds had begun anew. Only this time, Terry was gaining the upper hand. Finally, he had managed to gain control of just enough of Garofino’s brain, for just long enough, to make his right knee buckle. This exposed his midsection, which was penetrated by Terry’s pickaxe. Garofino responded with a heavy uppercut that knocked Terry back. He followed that with a kick to Terry’s midsection, but was careless on his follow through and felt the pickaxe go through his left thigh, bringing with it a searing pain.
Seriously, but not mortally, wounded, and aware that Chris was all but dead, Garofino turned to run toward the door across from the portal, trying to get to it before Terry did irreparable damage. Terry’s weapon cut Garofino’s right arm at the bicep, but by this point he had a step on Terry, and in just a few short bounds had made it through the door. In his eagerness, Terry started to follow after him.
“Terry!” Mike called out. “Stop! STOP! You’ve done what you can.”
Terry stopped in his tracks, knowing in his heart that Mike was right. They had come to kill Chris. The unconscious kid and the blood strewn all over the floor proved that they were about to succeed in doing that.
“Chris is just about dead,” Mike continued, pointing to the body. “We did it.”
Terry smiled.
“Yes, we did. Although, that’s going to leave a hell of scar, he added, pointing to Mike’s face. “Actually, most of the injuries are going to leave some sort of mark, but that one just happens to be on your face.”
Mike shrugged. “Worth it.”
“Let me at least fix up your wrist. Otherwise it’s not going to set right.”
“I ... what?” Mike barely had time to ask before Terry went back to work on healing his bones again. The process was still agonizing, but in the midst of victory, Mike barely felt it. When it was done, Terry spoke up again.
“Now go ahead Mike, finish the job,” he urged.
“What about you?” he asked. He opened his mouth to say more, but Terry cut him off.
“Don’t worry about it. Everything will be explained.”
“That’s a little too cryptic for my liking,” Mike replied. But the look on Terry’s face told him that he wasn’t going get any more answers. Mike moved to go finish Chris, then stopped. “Hey Terry, thanks for the help.”
Terry Green nodded, a smile on his face. Mike picked up his club and stood over the pink...thing. He brought the weapon over his head and brought it down on the kid’s skull. The front of it caved, green mush seeped out of the cracks. He raised it and brought it down again. And again. And again. And

Chapter 31
Mike woke up, his phone ringing incessantly. He rolled over and picked it up, answering the call.
“Hello?”
“Hey Mike, is this a bad time?” It was Julie.
“No, it’s all good. I dozed off without meaning to,” Mike replied. He looked over at his clock and saw that it was almost one. “Oh, well I’m going on my lunch break in 15 minutes if you’d like to go get something. You know, get you out of the house at least once before your vacation’s over,” she teased.
“You know, I’d love to. I’ll be down there faster than I legally should be,” this time, she laughed.
“Great, I’ll see you soon,” she replied and hung up.
Mike rolled out of bed and headed for his bathroom. As he stepped onto the cold tile floor and in front of the mirror, he was reminded of his injuries from that old ice fishing accident. His right wrist curved just enough to be noticeable from the proper angle, an arch that could be seen by those looking for it. His left heel felt neither the cold of the tile nor its smoothness, while his face had that conversation-starter of a scar running down its left side. He’d heard that’s a hell of a scar, how’d you get it? a million times. After a while he’d started making up stories, especially when he was trying to get laid. Mike finished relieving himself then hopped in the shower, making sure to look his best for the best thing to happen to him in a long while.

Epilogue
Years later, former United States President Andrew Jackson, once known to a man named Mike Goddard as Terry Green, again found himself at the top of Garofino’s castle, trying to kill the man responsible for creating this Nightmare World. This time, when Mario escaped into that same side room as he had all those years earlier, Terry did follow him through the door. It opened into the side of the mountain and led to a wide corridor with a low ceiling.
This, too, led to a door, whose mahogany color contrasted sharply with the light, dirt color of the rest of the room. From there, he entered a large, circular chamber, about 200 feet across, containing what appeared to be raised tombs every few feet. But there was no sign of Garofino.
As he stood in the center of the room, a horn sounded and dozens of doors opened, goblins entering the room from either side. For every goblin, there appeared to be two of those pink things. Souls, that lady had told him many years ago. All of them had bodies slung over their shoulders, backside down, of course.
Quickly, Jackson jumped behind one of the more out-of-the-way tombs, hoping to go unnoticed while he waited out the commotion. The top of the tomb was clear, so he risked sneaking a peak, just to see exactly what the hell they did to make Nightmare Children. He slowly lifted his head and looked inside. It looked like an eyeless human body, but the skin appeared to be on too loosely, as if the pink thing had simply climbed inside the shell. It was submerged in a dark gold liquid. The skin was slowly tightening, establishing its connection with the soul inside of it.
The skin of the man inside was a white male with chestnut-brown hair. His face was turned on its left side, as if he was sleeping. Having seen what he needed to in order to understand the process, Terry was about to dip below the vat to wait out the commotion when he saw the thing twitch. The man’s whole body made just one, quick, jerky motion, causing him to shift from sleeping on his left cheek to sleeping on his right check. He had one hell of a scar running down the left side of his face.















Thank you for reading my first novel, Nightmare Child. I hope you had as much fun reading it as I did writing it. Obviously, I left the ending open for a sequel. It’s in progress. Keep an eye out for Nightmare Father in the near future. Before that, keep a look out for The Red Zone, which is my first shot at science fiction. If you liked Nightmare Child, or didn’t, leave a review on whatever website you downloaded it from. For more up-to-date information from me, follow me on twitter.
Anthony Jondreau
Twitter:@AnthonyJBooks
Smashwords profile:
www.smashwords.com/profile/view/AnthonyJ
Credit and thank you to Book Beautiful for my cover art.



