Once you take the first hit, there's no turning back. Ten tales of murder, mayhem, madness, and dark magic from a #1 bestselling author, including bonus stories from Tim Lebbon and Shane Jiraiya Cummings.

GATEWAY DRUG
By Scott Nicholson

Copyright ©2011 Scott Nicholson
Published at Smashwords by Haunted Computer Books
http://www.hauntedcomputer.com/


Table of Contents
1. Timing Chains of the Heart
J.C. discovers fast cars and fast women don't always mix.
2. In The Family
Gaines will do anything to preserve the family business.
3. The Cutting Room (Shane Jiraiya Cummings)
An autopsy reveals an unwholesome discovery.
4. Work In Progress
An artist's work is never done, only finished.
5. Invisible Bullets
Guilt can murder without leaving fingerprints.
6. Sung Li
There's a story behind every glass eye.
7. Black (Tim Lebbon)
A man's violent dreams threaten to consume him.
8. The Devil's Doormen
Elliott will do anything to be a heavy metal star. Anything.
9. Skin
An organ donor isn't leaving without all his parts.
10. Hounds of Love
Dexter learns the real meaning of love, whether he wants to or not.

Afterword: One Sick Puppy
About the Author
Read about other Scott Nicholson books


TIMING CHAINS OF THE HEART
By Scott Nicholson

Leather on leather, glove on shift ball, the faint smell of oil in the air. Wide-tread rubber clinging desperately to asphalt, a ton-and-a-half of steel-and-chrome stud machine that could grab and growl in five gears, not counting reverse. It was great to be alive.
J.D. Jolley peered at the strip of black ribbon that rolled out in front of his headlights. The ribbon disappeared into the larger strip of night. Night hid the rest of the world, and that was fine with J.D. The world was nothing but litter along the highway, as far as he was concerned. 
He pumped the accelerator once, then again, steadily, listening to the thrush of exhaust. A lot of muscle drivers stomped, but J.D. never stomped. You had to treat a '69 Camaro like a lady. With tenderness, compassion, lots of foreplay if you wanted a smooth ride.
"You're purring like a kitten in a kettle tonight, Cammie," J.D. said, patting the dashboard. "Warm as a manifold cover and wet as a water pump. What say we get it on?"
The moon was out, weakly grinning down on his left shoulder through the clouds. No matter how far he drove, the moon never seemed to move. It was one of those things about the world that J.D. accepted without a second thought. Hell, that was up there in the sky, and the moon didn't have a damned inch of asphalt. Maybe if those pencil-necked engineers ever came up with solo rockets, he'd take another study of the heavens. But until then, the sky was nothing but wind resistance.
He hung his arm out the window. A good little back-breeze played against his elbow. Ought to add a couple of miles per hour. He was shooting for one-forty tonight.
This was his favorite stretch of road, a nice straight three miles of open country. The local cops never patrolled out here for the simple reason that the only traffic was farm tractors and cattle trucks and the occasional riding lawn mower. The few farmhouses in the area were back from the highway, buffered by wide green and brown fields lined with barbed wire. Nobody to bother but the big-eyed cows, and they were practically kneeling in awe.
J.D. pressed the clutch and slid the Camaro into first gear. He clenched his left hand on the steering wheel. A lot of muscle guys had those faggy vinyl wraps on their steering wheels, but J.D. liked the natural factory feel. Same way with his women.
The back seat practically needed reconditioning, he'd worked the shock absorbers so much. A '69 Camaro drew the babes. They couldn't resist the sleek curves and classic lines, not to mention the throbbing under the hood. True, it was a lower class of women, but hell, one was pretty much the same as another when their legs were splayed out the back window.
So women were allowed in his meat wagon. But not on his midnight runs. Those were reserved strictly for him and his Cammie, a bond that was far more sacred than any relationship of mere flesh. This love was truer than motherly and was right up there with religious love. This was a man and his car racing against themselves.
For that same reason, he never dragged in the Saturday night specials with the hot rodders. There was a brisk betting business going on in this two-factory Iowa town because there wasn't much else to get excited about if you didn't invest in hog futures. The local cops were under orders to steer clear of the four-lane east of town when the muscleheads fired up their engines. But solo riders like J.D. were cracked faster than a powder-dry engine block.
If they did blue-light him out here, he could easily outrun them. They had those little pussyfoot cruisers that whined if they even got within sniffing distance of triple digits. They were driving damned imports, made in Korea even if the label said American. Ought to be a law against that.
J.D. closed his eyes and gave the gas pedal a little boot leather. His bucket seat shivered and he shivered with it, even though it was April. He was joining with the car. The spoiler was his open and gasping mouth, the carburetor throat was sucking oxygen, his crankcase belly was growling, hungry for petroleum, and the tires itched like his moist toes. The muffler was backfiring brimstone.
He popped the clutch at the same moment he popped open his eyelids. The asphalt squealed in agony as he left a fifty-foot scar up its spine. He straddled the dotted white line as he power-shifted into second, leaving another mist of scalded rubber hanging in the air behind him. J.D. glanced at the tachometer, saw that he was at 7,000 RPM, and he booted into third. Cammie was already at sixty and they'd not yet begun to party.
This was better than sex. This was red-eyed adrenaline, a spark in the old plug, a rush that made the small hairs on the back of J.D.'s neck stand up and dance. Fence posts blurred past both quarter panels as the Camaro's grill chewed up moths and the slipstream set the sawgrass swaying along the ditches. The G-force pressed J.D. against the seat. An excited sweat gathered under his eyes and his tongue felt like a gasket between the valve covers of his teeth.
He squinted at the small fuzzy dot ahead where the headlights petered out, at the murky oblivion that was always his destination. He was getting there, he felt it in his bones, he glanced down and saw the needle tacking toward one-ten and his bowels had gone zero-gravity. He was reaching down to glide into fourth when he saw the pale shape, a small figure that grew large too soon, from nothing to five-feet-six in only three seconds, and J.D. barely had time to see the face in the sweep of headlights.
Later he would tell himself that there was no way he could have observed all that detail in a fraction of a second. It was his imagination that must have painted the portrait. Eyes like a spotlighted deer's, wide and brown, impossibly deep. Eyebrows frantically climbing the white slope of forehead. Mouth open, choking on a scream that could fill the Holland Tunnel.
It was a glancing blow. J.D. didn't remember doing it, but he must have nudged the wheel slightly and his virgin-tight rack-and-pinion responded instantly. Otherwise the Camaro would have bucked and rolled, tumbling through the shin-high corn and strewing vital organs and steaming spare parts across the stubbled fields. At over a hundred, mistakes got amplified. But in that overdriven moment, J.D. was more car than man, high octane in his blood as he manipulated the automobile back onto course.
His foot had instantly left the accelerator but he had resisted the impulse to lock down on the brakes. The braking instinct was natural, but the resulting fishtail would have had J.D. ending up with a drive shaft necktie. The muffler growled as he downshifted and when he reached sixty he began working the brake pedal. He pulled to the side of the road and felt his heart beating in time to the idling pistons.
"Damn, Cammie," he said, when at last he was able to take a breath. "That was a close one."
He left the engine running while he opened the door and stood up, disoriented from the abrupt change in motion. He walked to the front of the car and knelt at the right fender. There was a crumple in the panel and the headlight chrome was dented and hanging loose. He took off his glove and ran a gentle hand along the fender and a few chips of candy-apple red paint flaked onto the shoulder of the road. He saw a smudge on the bumper and wiped at it.
Blood.
He looked back up the highway, but under the veiled moon, he couldn't see anything on the pavement. J.D. got behind the wheel and shifted into reverse.
"I'm so sorry, Cammie," he whimpered. The closest thing he’d ever had to tears tried to collect in his eyes. "It was just an accident."
He held the horses in check as he backed up, keeping the revolutions steady. The crankshaft turned quietly in its pit of golden thirty-weight. He'd damaged her flesh, but he could take care with her heart. J.D. pushed the gas pedal gently as he cut a U-turn and drove up the road.
He killed the engine when he reached the body, but left his headlights on. The first exhalation of night fog swirled in the low beams as he loomed over the figure.
She was wearing a dress. The cotton was tattered, but it was a pretty dress, butterfly yellow, the kind that should have been easy to see at night. Her slim legs were sticking out below the hem at an obtuse angle, a scuffed sandal dangling from one big toe. The other foot was completely bare, a red sock of blood where the skin had peeled away.
Her arms were accordioned under her chest and she was face down. Her hair was brown, and the big curls fluttered in the breeze. A pool of crimson was spreading out from under her belly. She was leaking like a busted oil pan.
He touched her skin where the dress had slid down one creamy shoulder. This was a dairy girl, J.D. was positive. Must have crept out her window and met some little boy blue behind a haystack. Come blow your horn. She had no business being out on the road at that time of night.
He turned her over and wished he hadn't. That split-second portrait before the accident had been of a pleasant face, one with round cheekbones and plump ruby lips and strong nostrils. But this, this was like a bag of beef soup that had been dropped on the highway from a helicopter. This was roadkill.
"You shouldn'ta been out so late," J.D. whispered. "Now look what you gone and done to yourself."
He glanced at one white exposed breast that had managed to avoid visible harm. Then he let her roll forward again. Her bones rattled like lug nuts in a hubcap.
"Now what am I going to do with you?" he said, licking his lips. He looked both ways but there were no headlights in sight.
"Can't leave you out here, that's for sure. Might get yourself run over, and then where would you be?"
That, plus J.D. didn't want his ass behind bars for second degree murder. A few speeding tickets were one thing, but this deal meant some hard time. At state prison, a pretty boy like him would be up on the blocks in no time, and the grease monkeys wouldn't wait for every twenty thousand miles to give him a lube job, either.
He stood up and looked around. He could slide her into the ditch, but that would be leaving things up to luck. She might be found before morning if some gap-toothed farmer came out early to get a fresh squeeze of swollen udder. And who knew what the forensics boys would come up with? He thought of the paint flakes up the road. They could look into those little microscopes and say whatever they wanted to, and the cops had been after him for years.
"Nope. Can't leave you here."
He walked behind the Camaro and unlocked the trunk. He unrolled a tarp that was stowed in one corner. He didn't want to mess up his trunk carpet. He took off his leather jacket and tossed it on the passenger seat, but he kept his gloves on.
The night smelled of cow manure and car exhaust and sweet, coppery body fluids. Cammie's engine ticked as it cooled. He patted her on the hood as he went past. Then he stooped and lifted the broken body.
It hung like a rag doll, with too many universal joints in the arms and legs. It was light, too, as if all its gears and cogs had slipped out. He put her in the trunk, hearing the largest chunk of her skull ding off the wheel well. He walked up the road until he found the other sandal, then he tossed it in and closed the trunk.
He drove back to town without breaking fifty-five. It was raining by the time he hit the outskirts.
 
Mama must not have heard him come in. She was already gone when he woke up, down checking side stitches on boxer shorts for five-and-a-quarter plus production. He was glad he'd slept through her coffee and butter toast. That made another half-dozen hundred questions she'd never get around to bugging him with.
He winced when he saw Cammie in daylight. There was a dimple on top of the fender and the chrome striping was peeling away from the side panel, damage he hadn't noticed the night before. He drove down to the shop and pulled into the middle bay.
Floyd was smoking a cigarette and wiping his hands on a greasy orange rag. Floyd owned the shop, and liked to let everyone know it. He glowered at J.D. with oil-drop eyes.
"Yo, Jayce," he said. "What you doing here so early?"
"Got a ding on the shoulder. Need you to hammer it out."
"Had you a little bender, did you? Demolition derby with a mailbox?"
Floyd snickered and then started coughing. He pulled his cigarette out of his mouth and spat a wad of phlegm onto the greasy concrete floor.
"Just get me a rubber mallet, wouldja?"
"Sure, I'll help. Thanks for asking," Floyd said.
"You don't have to be a smart-ass."
"And you don't have to work here if you don't want to."
Floyd could be a real pain in the plug hole. But he was a body-work pro. He'd worked the pits for Bobby Allison about twenty years back. When he got down to business, he was an artist, and steel and fiberglass and primer were his media.
And J.D. could tell Floyd loved Cammie almost as much as he did. They pounded out the dents and replaced the headlight frame and put on the primer coat before they started taking care of the customers’ cars. Then at lunch, Floyd feathered out a coat of red so that it blended with the color of the rest of the car's body.
J.D. was up to his elbows in an automatic transmission when he saw Floyd put down his airbrush and step back to admire his work.
"That's gooder than snuff," he proclaimed. J.D. nodded in appreciation. The quarter panel didn't have so much as a shadow in it.
"Preesh, Floyd. Nobody can fix them like you do," J.D. said.
"Nope. Throw me your keys, Jayce. I need to change my plugs, and I left my good ratchet in your trunk yesterday."
"Hey, buddy. After all you've done for me? You got to be kidding. Let me do it."
Floyd frowned around the black fingerprints on his cigarette butt. Floyd didn't like other people tinkering under the hood of his '57 Chevy. But J.D. moved quickly, before Floyd could say no.
J.D. popped the trunk and there she was, Miss American Pie. Mincemeat pie. The blood had clotted and dried and she was starting to smell a little. Her left arm was draped over the toolbox. As he moved it away, he noticed that it had stiffened a little from rigor mortis.
He clattered around in the toolbox and found the ratchet. He was about to slam the lid when he saw that her eyes were open. Damned things weren't open last night, he was positive. Her eyes didn't sparkle at all. They were staring at him.
"What's the matter, J.D.?"
J.D. gulped and slammed the trunk. "Nothing," he said, holding up the ratchet. "Found it."
"Make sure you gap the damned things right. Don't want you screwing up my gas mileage."
"You got it, Floyd."
 
J.D. drove out to the trailer park after work to pick up Melanie, his Thursday girl. He thought he heard a noise in the rear end as he pulled into the gravel driveway. Transfer case was groaning a little. He'd have to check it out later. He honked his horn and the trailer door opened.
Melanie slid in the passenger side and J.D. watched her rear settle into the bucket seat. She smiled at him. She was a big-boned redhead with lots of freckles, but her aqua eye shadow was so thick it quivered when she blinked.
"What you want to do, J.D.?"
He looked out the window. In the next yard, two brats were playing with a broken Easy-Bake oven. "Ride around, I reckon."
"Ride around? That's all you ever want to do."
"What else is there to do? Would you rather sit around the trailer park with your thumb up your ass?"
Melanie pouted. She was a first-class pouter. J.D. had told her that her lip drooped so low you could drive up on it and swap out your oil filter.
"Okay," she said after a moment. "Let's go circle the burger joint."
That wasn't a bad idea. Everybody hung out at the burger joint, the muscleheads and the dope peddlers and the zombie teens. And that meant everybody would see that the Camaro was unscratched. J.D. didn't have a damn thing to hide.
Later, after they'd split two burgers and a six-pack of Pabst Blue Ribbon, J.D. had driven out to their favorite dirt back road. The sun was just going down by the time he'd sweet-talked Melanie into the back seat. He was wrestling with her double-hook D-cup when she suddenly tensed underneath him.
"Joo hear that?" she whispered. J.D. heard only crickets and the slight squeaking of leaf springs.
"Hear what?"
"A scratching, like. On metal."
J.D. looked up. He always parked away from the trees out on these country roads. Damned branches would claw the hell out of a custom paint job. He saw nothing but the gangly shadows of the far underbrush.
"I don't hear nothing, babe. Now, where were we?"
"There it went again. Sounds like it's coming from the trunk."
"Bullshit."
"Sounds like a squirrel running around in there."
J.D. strained his ears. He heard the faint rattle of tools. Then, fingernails on metal.
He sat up suddenly.
"What the hell, J.D.?"
"Nothing. Better get you back to town, is all."
Melanie whimpered. She was as good at whimpering as she was at pouting.
"But J.D., I thought—"
"Not tonight, I got . . . work to do."
She whined all the way back into town, but J.D. didn't hear her. All he could hear were the low moans coming from the trunk and the sound of fists banging like rubber mallets off the trunk lid.
After J.D. dropped off Melanie, he pulled out behind Floyd's garage and looked around the auto graveyard. Here was where Detroit's mistakes came to die. Pontiacs draped over Plymouths while Chryslers sagged on cinder blocks. A school bus slept in its bed of briars. A couple of Studebakers decayed beside the high wooden fence, and a dozen junk jeeps were lined in rows like dead soldiers awaiting body bags. The few unbroken headlights were like watching eyes, but they would be the only witnesses.
Back here, Miss American Mincemeat Pie could rust in peace.
He stepped out among the bones of cars, gang-raped engines, and jagged chassis. The moon was glaring down, all of last night's clouds now long-hauled to the east. J.D. gripped the trunk key between his sweaty fingers.
"Open it, J.D.," said the voice. It was a young, hollow voice, with the kind of drawn-out accent a country girl might have. The long syllables reverberated inside the tin can of the trunk space.
J.D. looked around the junkyard.
"Stick it in, muscleboy," the voice taunted. "You know you want to."
He unlatched the trunk and it opened with a rush of foul air.
She sat up and arched her back.
"Cramped in here," she said. The moon shone fully on her, like a spotlight. The raw flesh of her face was tinged green, and her eyes were ringed with black. She reached up to smooth her hair and her arm hung like a broken clutch-spring.
"You . . . y-you're dead." But that was dumb. He knew machines didn't die, they only got rebuilt.
"Now, do I look dead?"
J.D. didn't know what to say. It wasn't the kind of thing he could look up in the troubleshooting section of his owner's manual.
"Still got a few miles left on me," she said, tugging at the strap of her dress that had slipped too low over her mottled chest. Her eyes were wide but as dull as Volkswagen hubcaps. "Besides, all I need is a little body work and I'll be good as new."
"What's the big idea, screwing up my date like that?" J.D. angled his head so he could look at her out of the corners of his eyes.
"Your cheating days are over, rough rider. You've only got room in your heart for one girl now."
"Whatchoo talking about? And why did you dump over my toolbox?" J.D. couldn’t be sure, but it looked like radiator fluid was leaking from her eyes.
"A lady's always in search of that one good tool. What say we get it on?"
"No. I'm going to stuff you behind the seat of that Suburban over there, and you're going to stay until you're both a collector's item."
"J.D., is that any way to treat a lady?"
"Well, you ought to be glad I think enough of you to leave you in a Chevy. There's plenty of Datsuns out here."
She shook her head, and tattered meat swung below her face. "I don't think so, muscleboy."
Her finger flexed like a carb linkage as she beckoned him closer.
J.D. couldn't help himself. He was as captivated as he'd been by his first Hot Rod magazine. She smelled of gasoline and grave dirt, hot grease and raw sex. She'd oozed out all over the spare tire. He'd never get his trunk clean.
"I think we're ready for a midnight run." She slid her mangled tongue over her teeth.
He leaned over the back bumper. He felt a cold limp hand slide behind his Mark Martin belt buckle. She put the mashed blackberries of her lips to his ear.
"And from now on, I ride up front," she whispered, and her words came out with no breath.

Three months, and J.D. was dragging. 
The summer heat was wearing on him, and he'd lost twenty of his hundred-and-forty pounds. But it was even worse for her. She had gone from pink to green to gray and still the meat clung stubbornly to her bones.
He hid her during the day, in a self-storage garage he rented. Floyd had given him hell at first, asking him why he walked all the time these days, was he afraid of putting another dent in Cammie or what. But lately Floyd had quit the ribbing. This morning Floyd said J.D. looked like he'd been run all night by the hounds of hell.
"Something like that," J.D. wanted to say, but he'd promised to keep the affair a secret.
And that evening, as he'd done every night since he'd picked up his new passenger, he carried a five-gallon can of gas to the garage and filled up the Camaro.
And when the sun slid behind the flat Midwestern horizon and midnight raised its oil-soaked rags, he backed the car out and pointed it toward the street.
"Where to tonight, Cammie?" he asked, as if he had to ask.
She grinned at him. She was always grinning, now that her face was mostly skull. "The usual, muscleboy."
He drove out to that three-mile stretch of open black road and idled. Oblivion beckoned beyond the yellow cones of the headlights.
"One-sixty-five tonight," she said.
He gulped and nodded. One-sixty-five. He could do it. Probably.
Not that he had any choice. He could damage her flesh, but couldn't break the timing chains of love.
"Okay, Cammie," he said to her.
As J.D. stomped the accelerator and jerked his foot off the clutch, he wondered if this would be the night of consummation. Would she let him release the steering wheel as he wound into fifth gear, making them truly one, all blood and twisted metal and spare parts?
He glanced at her. There was no sign of requited love in the dim holes of her skull. She was as cold as a machine, unforgiving, more metal than bone, more petroleum than blood.
She was going to ride shotgun forever, as the odometer racked up miles and miles of endless highway.
If only he could please her. But he was afraid that he was nothing to her, just a vapor in the combustion chambers of her heart.
He shifted into fourth.


THE END
Return to Table of Contents
###


IN THE FAMILY

"How could you even think of selling it?" Gaines breathed on a brass rail and polished it with his jacket sleeve.
Mother should be proud, Gaines thought. But her pride was in a new luxury sedan, twice-yearly trips to the Mediterranean, face-lifts. All fleeting, mortal things. If only she had more of the Wadell blood in her. Then she would find joy in the only things that truly last: a proper memorial, a professional embalming job, a final show of respect.
"I put up with it long enough because of your father. And now that he's gone, there's no reason to hang around this—this mausoleum." Mother's hair was stiff from a forty-dollar frosting job at her hairdresser's. It didn't shift as she wrung her hands and rolled her eyes in another of her classic "spells."
"We've invested so much in the Home," Gaines said. "But this isn't about money. This is about tradition."
"Tradition, my foot. Your grandfather was a drunkard and a fool. He started the business because this was the only one that couldn't possibly fail. And your father was just like him. Only he had the sense to marry somebody with a good head for business."
"And business has never been better," Gaines said. "So why sell now?"
"Why? Because I've given enough of my life to the Wadell Funeral Home. I've had it up to here—" she put a hand to her surgically-tucked and shiny chin,"—with death and dying. And there you go, wasting a quarter grand on remodeling."
Gaines looked around the parlor. The brooding red pine paneling was gone, the walls now covered with clear-varnished oak. Strip spotlights hung in place of the fluorescent tubes that had once vomited their weak green light. Purple velvet drapes hung from the windows, in thick folds of the regal splendor that the guests of honor so richly deserved. On a raised platform at the rear of the room, soft light bathed the bier where the guests received their final tribute.
The sinking sun pried its way through the front glass, suffusing the bleached woodwork of the dais with a red-golden light. No dust gathered on the plush cushioning he had added to the straight-backed pews. The room smelled of wax and rosewater, incense and carnations. Not the slightest aroma of decaying flesh was allowed in the parlor area.
This had been a place of peace. But lately it was a place for the same argument again and again.
"Mother, please be reasonable," Gaines said. "I know Father left you the Home in his will, but he told both of us a hundred times that he wanted me to carry on the business. It’s the only thing he really felt passion for."
"That’s the truth." She shook her head slowly, and in the soft light, she looked about half of her sixty-eight years. "I’m not doing this just for me. Though, Lord knows, I'm ready for a change. It's mostly for you."
"Me?"
"You think I want my only son to spend his life up to his elbows in the guts of corpses? Do you want to go home every night and take two long showers, but no matter how hard you scrub, the smell stays with you? It's in the food you eat, the air you breathe, it's in the water you drink, it's in your blood. And I want to save you from that."
In your blood. That's what Mother didn't understand. The funeral parlor was more than a family business. It was a duty, a sacred trust. "You can't sell it," he said.
"Oh, I can't? You just watch." Mother stamped her two-inch heel onto the parquet floor and bustled from the room.
Gaines heard the side door slam as Mother left the parlor. Warmth crept up his face, a rush of emotion that no good interment man should allow to show. He couldn't lose his temper. Not with Stony Hampton's viewing a half-hour away.
He could be angry at Mother, but not at Stony's expense. Stony was a much-beloved member of the community and a top-notch mechanic. Sure, he'd had a fondness for moonshine and the cigarettes that had eventually stifled his lungs, and maybe he'd slapped his kids around a little, but all that was forgiven now, at least until the man was in the ground. For a few days, from the hour of death to service to burial, even the lowest scoundrel was a saint.
Gaines went through a curtained passage off one wing of the dais. The back room always calmed him. This, too, was a place of peace, but a peace of a different kind. This was where Gaines was alone with his art.
The sweet aroma of formaldehyde embraced him as he opened a second door. Faint decay and medicinal smells clung like a second skin to the fixtures: a stainless steel table, sloped with a drain at one end; shelves of chemicals in thick glass jars; rows of silent metal gurneys, eager to offer a final ride; garbage bins gaping in anticipation of offal and excrescence.
Here, Gaines practiced the craft of memory-polishing. Each guest had loved ones counting on Gaines' skill. The sewing shut of eyelids and lips with the thin, almost-invisible thread. The removal of uncooperative intestines, kidneys, and spleens. The draining of viscid blood, that fluid so vital in life but a sluggish, unsightly mess when settled in death. The infusing of embalming fluid, siphoned through thin hoses. Anything that suffered the sin of decay must be cut out and removed. Otherwise, it would be an affront to the solemn and still temple of flesh that the loved ones worshipped prior to burial.
After the eviscerating came the makeup. Gaines prided himself on the makeup. Of the three generations of Wadells that had worked in the business, Gaines had been most praised for his delicate touch. Just a tinge of blush here, some foundation there, a bit of powder under the eyes to blend out that depressing black. The right shade of rouge on the lips, so a loved one might imagine the wan face breaking into a smile.
Stony Hampton was handsome under his green sheet. The wrinkles caused by sixty-odd years of gravity and grimaces were now smoothed. The face, though stiff to the touch, looked relaxed. Stony might as well have been dreaming of a three-day drunk or a '57 Chevy.
Gaines pulled the sheet off the corpse and rolled the casket to the corner of the room. He pulled back the pleated vinyl curtain of the service window, then nudged the edge of the coffin onto the lip of the window. The coffin weighed nearly eight hundred pounds, but the smooth wooden rollers made the work easy. Gaines only had to give a gentle push and Stony Hampton was on the bier, under the soft lights of the viewing parlor.
Gaines checked himself in one of the mirrors that lined the wall. He adjusted his tie and joined Stony in the parlor. Stony was in the spotlight, the star of the show, buffed and polished and ready to receive tribute. The viewing was even more important than the actual funeral, because the loved ones would be examining the guest, and therefore Gaines’ craft, at close proximity. 
The first loved ones came in the parlor and signed the memorial book with a brass-plated pen. Gaines watched to make sure the last signer returned the pen to its holder, then went over to greet them, putting on his funeral face as he went.
More loved ones came. Stony had a lot of friends, relatives, and drinking buddies. Gaines solemnly shook hands with each. As they began filing past the guest of honor, Gaines stood against the wall with his hands clasped loosely over the lowest button on his black suit. His eyebrows furrowed in the proper mixture of sorrow and reverence, his jaw clenched so that his smirk of satisfaction wouldn't blossom like the lilies and tulips that girded the dais.
Their tears, their joy, their final respect, all their emotions were due to Gaines' handiwork. This guest, James Rothrock "Stony" Hampton, was fit for heaven. This was a man they were all proud to have known. This man was one of God's finest and most blessed creations. As the organ music fed through the speakers, not an eye remained dry.
Afterward, Stony's wife came up and gripped Gaines' elbow. Her eyes were wet and bright from too much spiritual uplifting. "He looks mighty fine, Mr. Wadell. Mighty fine."
Gaines bowed slightly, tilting his head the way his father had taught him. "Yes, ma'am. We hate to see him go, but our loss is the Lord's gain."
"You're so right," she said, dabbing at her face with a crumpled tissue. "And it won't be long till we're together again, anyway."
"That will be a joyful reunion, ma'am," Gaines said politely, "but don't you go and rush things."
"Well, this old heart can't stand up to much more. About worn down from ticking." Her skin had a slight gray pallor and was stretched tight around the bony angles of her face.
Gaines figured she would be dead within the year. Another guest, another memory to be polished for loved ones, another star born. What Father said was true: The repeat business may not be all that hot, but at least the customers never complained.
He said goodbye to the last loved ones, then locked up and returned Stony to the back room. Gaines removed his jacket and tie and hung them beside a mirror. He looked at his reflection, into the eyes that were the same color as Mother's. His face had the same oval shape as hers. But the blood, the liquid that his heart pumped behind the face and throughout his body, was all Wadell.
Heart. What was it that Alice Hampton had said? Worn down from ticking.
Mother had heart problems. But her doctors wanted to install a pacemaker. That would probably guarantee that she'd last another twenty years. Plenty of time to sell the funeral service and move away. Long enough to demolish everything that Gaines had trained toward since he was six years old.
Gaines looked down and saw that his fists were clenched. He spread his fingers and willed them to stop trembling. Laura Mae Greene was waiting on a gurney in the walk-in refrigerator. She needed his skills. He would not disappoint her. Or her loved ones.
He reached for his apron and mask, then slipped rubber gloves over his eager hands.

"I'll be late tomorrow," Mother said. "I have to drive to Asheville for a checkup."
"Do you want me to drive you?"
"No. I know you have the Hampton funeral. I wouldn't want to take you away from your 'work.'"
Gaines put down his fork.
"What's the matter?" Mother said. She divided her filet mignon with delicate sawing motions.
"Just thinking, that's all," Gaines said.
"Let's not start." She sipped her wine. Sixty dollars a bottle. False pride.
"Next year I was going to buy some acreage," he said. "Carve it into burial plots. Get into monument brokering as well. Make Wadell's a one-stop shopping center for all the aftercare needs."
Mother slammed her knife onto the table. "Stop this nonsense. You're going to go out and find an honorable profession. Why, with your talents, I wouldn't even complain if you went to art school."
"I'm not going to art school."
"Why are you breaking your poor mother's heart?"
"Are you going to sell the house, too?"
The big fine house stood near the parlor. Grandpa had saved a fortune by building the parlor on property he already owned. Of course she would sell the house. So what if three generations of Wadells had walked these halls and slept in these rooms and dreamed in these beds?
"It's for your own good, don't you see that?" She pushed her plate away. "All this terrible death and funerals and corpses. How can you stand to do that to those poor people? Your father didn’t have brains enough to have any choice in the matter, but you’re different."
"Not everyone shares your convictions," Gaines said. He'd lost his appetite. Not from handling the guts of Laura Mae Greene or touching the cool smoothness of her marbled skin. No, his mother was the aberration. "I know you want to be cremated. That's your choice. But other people need the hope of eternal rest. They need a peaceful image to carry in their hearts as they say good-bye to a loved one."
"It's all so horrible. Even if the money is good."
"Poor Father. All those years, thinking you loved him."
"I did love him. But you're as hard-headed as he was. He could have sold the Home and got on with life, instead of keeping himself buried alive here."
"So now that he's dead, it's okay to betray him?"
She stood suddenly, tipping her chair over. Her face was tight from anger, almost a death-mask. "How dare you say that."
Then she gasped and clutched at her chest. She gripped the edge of the table and leaned forward. "Don't . . . do this . . . to your dear mother," she said.
Gaines rushed to her side. He found the nitroglycerin pills in her purse and put one under her tongue. "There, there," he said, giving her a glass of water. He led her to a padded chair in the living room.
She recovered after a few minutes. The color returned to her face. She asked for her wine. Gaines brought it to her, and she sipped until her lips were again pink. "Why are you breaking your poor mother's heart?" she said.
Gaines said nothing.
"Why can't you give me one thing to be proud of?"
He had given her plenty. He was an artist, well-respected in the community. He gave people their final and most important moments. He polished memories.
But Gaines was at ease with the dead. With the living, who wanted words and emotions and hugs and love, he was out of his element. He'd been born to the family work. Even with Mother's eyes, he still had a funeral face.
He left her with her wine and pills and bitterness and went upstairs to bed, to think and dream.

Gaines was alone in the back room.
Stony Hampton's graveside service had been beautiful. The preacher hit all of Stony's high points while overlooking the man's many sins. The loved ones were practically glowing in their melancholy. Alice Hampton had even thrown herself on the coffin.
If only she had known that Stony wasn't inside, she might have become a Wadell customer right there on the spot. The tractor lowered the coffin and pushed the red dirt over a four-thousand-dollar casket containing nothing but corrupted air. The granite marker that said "Here Lies" was itself a lie.
Stony was the proper height and build. The features were a little off, but that would be no problem. With a little polishing, Gaines had a face that would work.
He went into the walk-in refrigerator, what Father had called the "meat locker." Father was a part of the parlor, as vital to the business as the hearse and the gurneys and the casket catalog. Gaines wouldn't let his memory die. He would not allow the name "Wadell" to be removed from the big sign out front.
He took a special package from the wire shelves that lined the rear of the cooler. He clutched it to his chest. Laura Mae Greene was the only witness, and her eyes were safely sewn shut. He carried the package to where Stony lay naked and waiting on the stainless steel table.
Gaines worked into the evening, finishing just as the long fingers of night reached across the sky. The short trip home was difficult because only two of the four legs were walking.

"What did the doctor say, Mother?"
"They want to do the operation next month."
"Wonderful. I'm sure you'll be glad to get it over with."
"Yes. Then we can leave here."
Gaines nodded from discomfort of the stiff chair. Mother’s living room was too severe, lacking in personality, just as the funeral parlor had been under her design. "How is your wine?"
"Very good. Crisp."
"I'm glad. Can I get you anything else?"
"You're being pleasant. What brought that on?" Mother's eyes narrowed as she studied Gaines.
"I've been thinking," he said. "Maybe you're right. If you sell the business, we can start in something else. You put up the money and I'll do the work."
Mother smiled. "What sort of business?"
"Anything. Insurance, financial services, you name it."
"I'm so glad you agree." She looked like she would have kissed him if rising weren’t such an effort. "It's for the best, really."
"Yes. I want you to be proud."
"It's what your father would have wanted."
Gaines' face almost tightened then, at her pretending to know what Father wanted when the man loved the Home more than he had ever loved her. But Gaines knew not to let the rage show. He kept his features calm and somber, drawing on his years of practice.
"Are you ready for dinner? I've set the table," he said. Try not to smile, try not to smile. Even though this is your best work ever, your highest art, your most polished memory.
"Why, thank you, dear."
He helped her from the chair. The dining room lights spilled from the doorway. Gaines' vision blurred for a moment. His eyes were moist with joy.
As they turned the corner, they were met by the smell of meat. Not from the food piled on the plates. No. The smell came from their dinner guest.
Mother gasped, not comprehending. Then, when she finally came to accept the impossible sight before her, she tried to reel away, screaming, but Gaines held her firmly. Perhaps her heart was already giving out just from the strain of having her dead husband grinning across the table. But Gaines was taking no chances.
He pulled on the almost-invisible threads beside the doorjamb. As the threads tightened in the small eye-hooks screwed in the ceiling, Father raised his flaccid but well-preserved hand in greeting and his jellied eyes opened. And Mother's eyes closed for the final time.

Due to her strict Southern Baptist beliefs, Alice Hampton would be terribly upset if she knew that Stony was going to be cremated. But someone’s body had to be in the box that Wadell Funeral Home shipped to the crematorium in Asheville. Besides, Alice had her memories, thanks to Gaines and his craftsmanship.
And the men who rolled the body into the fires wouldn't stop to check the sex of the corpse. Why should they care whether the label said "Virginia Marie Wadell" or "James Rothrock Hampton"? To the corpse-burners, dead was dead and ashes were ashes. And a job was a job.
They had no respect. Unlike Gaines.
He had handled Mother's funeral arrangements himself, insisting that the Wadells were a family and always took care of their own. Everyone understood. Why shouldn't a son give his mother a last loving farewell? Gaines performed his magic, and the funeral was beautiful. Over two hundred attended, and all of them wiped away tears.
Except Gaines. He never cried at a service. He had kept his head bowed in perfect reverence. He solemnly shook the hands of the mourners. Though he was a firm believer in burial, he would follow mother's wishes and have her remains cremated. At least that's what he told the family friends.
But now they were gone, the last condolences bestowed, and Gaines had the parlor all to himself again.
He turned on the light in the back room. The work table gleamed with antiseptic purity, a chrome altar. His tools and blades and brushes were lined to one side, awaiting his masterful touch. A small shiver wended through his gut, a thrill of ownership, a rush of pride.
He trembled as he opened the refrigerator. A fog of condensation surrounded him as he stepped into the cool air of the vault. He went to the shelf where he kept the flesh he had peeled from Father's face. Underneath the shelf was a three-gallon container nearly full of blood. He lifted it onto the gurney and rolled it out into the light.
He lifted the sheet. Her eyes were gone, those eyes that had no Wadell in them. He had probably overlooked some tiny shred of her damaged heart when he had removed it. Perhaps some scrap of intestine had escaped his scalpel. He would open her up again to check, before he drained the embalming fluid and replaced it with Father's blood.
He would make her proud. He would make her a Wadell. He would not rest until she was fit for rest herself. If not tonight, he had tomorrow and forever.
And when she was finally perfect, then he would allow himself to weep.


THE END
Return to Table of Contents
###


The Cutting Room
By Shane Jiraiya Cummings


Hic locus est ubi mors gaudet succurrere vitae.
The plaque gleamed, caught on the cusp of shadows and fluorescent light. Burnished copper letters. Stark Roman font.
"This is the place where death delights to help the living." Parrish's recital of the phrase was now ritual as he donned the second pair of latex gloves. They snapped into place with a satisfying echo that hung in the air. Smells of rubber and disinfectants clung to the place, thinly masking the stench of decay.
The plaque had been there for as long as he could remember, even before the tenure of crazy old Doc Kaufmann, who once famously ate a cadaver’s eyeball, and perversely, taught him everything he knew about forensic pathology.
"Doctor Parrish?" The diener said, throwing his concentration into turmoil.
"What is it, err... Greg, wasn’t it?"
"Gary, sir. The body’s been prepped."
"I can see that." He spared a glance while adjusting his gloves.
A young woman lay naked upon the slab. Her breasts were thrust out, courtesy of the body block jammed between her shoulder blades. The lines of her ribs and the hollow of her chest lay exposed under the intensity of the low-slung bar lamp.
He stopped fiddling with his gloves as he stood mesmerised, tracing with his eyes the waves of her raven hair as they ate the light and shimmered with the glut. His gaze lingered on the curve of her breasts, coquettishly angled by her position on the slab. Noting the fullness of her nipples—hard, dark lumps contrasting to her pallid skin—he silently thanked the powers-that-be for his good fortune. An attractive woman, even a dead one, was better than the grisly parade that usually passed through his life and his morgue.
"The bread knife’s not here," Gary said, "do you want me to go get one?"
"That won’t be necessary." His eyes swept the room a final time before settling on the leather case placed by the door. His leather case.
Gary was all rangy limbs and awkward angles as he hovered by the corpse. The low bar lamp brought his apron and the folds of his scrub suit into sharp focus, obscuring his face in the feathery darkness beyond. He looked more like a butcher’s clumsy apprentice than a morgue diener.
Dr. Parrish shook his head as he took possession of the case. "Greg, shouldn’t you be doing something?"
"Umm ... oh, right. And it’s Gary, sir." He paused a moment longer before shuffling off to fetch the tape recorder.
As he laid the case upon the aluminium trolley next to the corpse, Parrish heard the assistant mutter something from the far corner of the room. It was a smallish room lined with metal, which amplified every sound.
Brushing aside his irritation, he withdrew his personal serrated bread knife—a surgical version of the household knife, ideal for slicing organs—and placed it on the trolley next to the electric Stryker saw and the scissor-like enterotome. After storing his leather case at the foot of the trolley, he surveyed his tools, waiting for the assistant to return.
He picked up the scalpel, checking to see if it was fitted with a #22 blade. The mavericks in Emergency sometimes raided the morgue supplies for their own ends, especially the larger sized scalpel blades. Satisfied, he replaced it, and moved to caress the Hagedorn needle when the diener returned with the recorder.
"Put it down." Parrish noted the diener’s awkwardness.
Gary flinched, placing the recorder on the scales which dangled above the end of the autopsy table. The scales bobbed up and down, the needle settling to 272 grams.
"Not there." Parrish sighed from behind his surgical mask.
Snatching the tape recorder up with child-like indignity, Gary then leaned across the exposed corpse and dropped it onto the trolley with a clatter. He couldn’t resist stealing a glance at the breasts as he pulled back and straightened.
"Idiot," Parrish muttered, more concerned by the tape recorder dropping onto his knife than the lecherous behaviour of his assistant.
"Tell me, diener—it was Greg wasn’t it—do you know what we do now?"
"Gary, doctor."
"Well?"
"We ... umm ... make the first incision?"
"No, diener, we don’t."
Gary flushed. His hovering hands, drawn up like effeminate claws, spoke volumes of his inexperience.
"We confirm the identity," Parrish said after the silence wasn’t filled. "Get the paperwork while I inspect the tag."
He watched the diener shuffle off to the filing cabinet before moving to the woman’s feet. He prided himself on efficiency and precise movements, navigating around the table without raising a sound. He stooped by the corpse’s big toe and read the name on the tag quietly to himself.
"What was the subject’s name?" 
Gary startled at the sudden question, almost dropping the clipboard. "Umm ... Natasha."
"Umm Natasha who, diener?" Parrish was tired of having his time wasted by this fool.
"Natasha Kohl, Doctor. From out of town. Lived in Berlin, Germany."
"What were you doing here, all that way from home?" Parrish asked of the corpse. "Now, diener, we’ve established this is the correct body. How do we proceed?"
"The first incision?"
"No ..."
Again, the diener paused awkwardly beside the autopsy table, clutching the clipboard across his chest like a shield.
"Try, the external examination," Parrish instructed.
Gary nodded.
"I take it you’ve not performed many autopsies before, then, diener?" Parrish emphasised the assistant’s title. "Stop cradling that clipboard, get over here, and activate the tape recorder."
Gary scurried to comply, uncertain of where to offload the clipboard.
"Wait," said Parrish. "On second thought, read me the cause of death."
Gary froze mid-step, then returned to studying the file.
"Umm ... says 'Cause of death: Unknown.'"
"What? Incompetent fools. Any injuries listed?"
"Nope."
"Are there any notes, then?" Parrish waved his hand for emphasis.
"Says 'Rigor has not set in at time of admission.'"
"When was that? This morning?"
"Umm ... hang on." Gary scanned the file with darting eyes.
"Out of the way, fool!" Parrish nudged the assistant away and commandeered the clipboard. Gary half retreated, half stumbled against the wall.
Propping his lanky frame on the handle of a body storage vault, he shot the doctor a glare laced with indignation and shock. Parrish was too absorbed in the file to take notice.
"This is ridiculous," Parrish fumed. "Not a skerrick of information to be found. I’m examining blind."
He tossed the clipboard at the open filing cabinet. It smacked off the side of the cabinet and clattered to the ground as Parrish circled around the body and resumed position next to his tools.
Gary scampered over to retrieve the fallen clipboard while Parrish commenced the external examination.
"Do you know what 'diener' means, Greg?" Parrish’s eyes never left the corpse.
"Gary," said the diener, shaking his head as he shunted the cabinet door closed. The metallic echo reverberated through the room.
"It’s German," Parrish dropped back into measured tones. "Those Germans are an industrious people. A good sense of order. They were the first to perform autopsies, you know." He bent low, hovering his face bare inches above the woman’s chest. "'Diener' means 'servant,' Greg. Do you like the sound of that?" His eyes sparkled as he looked up from his inspection and met the diener’s sullen glare.
Parrish flicked on the tape recorder as he drew himself to full height. "Stratton Memorial Hospital, autopsy in morgue examination room two," he said aloud. "Subject’s name is Natasha Kohl. Female Caucasian. Approximately thirty years of age. Estimated cause of death: unknown. Dr. Hamilton Parrish MD is prosecutor." He paused, glancing at Gary again. "What’s your surname?"
"Timms."
"And the diener." Parrish spat the word at Gary. "Is Greg Timms."
"Gary." The assistant muttered.
"Time is two-thirty-nine pm, and I have commenced the external examination."
Parrish moved around to her feet once more. He placed his hands on the aluminium slab either side of her legs and began his task. His gaze soon drifted upward, taking in her calves and thighs. 
He swivelled first to the left, then to the right, following the table’s moulded blood groove up the expanse of her legs. With her torso pushed out by the body block and the table angled downward to facilitate blood flow, he had a prime view of her curves and the sparse hair of her pubic region. He savoured the sight, knowing tomorrow would bring a decomposing drunk or a messy railway suicide.
"Subject appears to bear no obvious signs of trauma," he spoke into the recorder. "Her skin is very white. Unusually so."
Gary had crept closer, floating behind Doctor Parrish.
"I’m examining her legs for injuries or needle marks." Parrish started at the toes, wedging them apart while holding the foot closer to the light. It was true. No rigor mortis. Her limbs were still supple, even after lying in the morgue for hours. Her state prevented a guess as to the time of death. The case grew more intriguing by the moment.
He worked his way upward, inspecting knees and thighs for signs of the unusual. He paused at her crotch, sifting through her pubic hair. He pried her legs apart like an easy hooker, and spread her labia wide.
"Unusual," he said into the air, keeping a calm voice despite an accelerating heart. "If I didn’t know better, I’d say her body is exhibiting signs atypical of a corpse. As if she only died this very moment. There is ..." He coughed, cleared his throat. "A surprising amount of vaginal fluid."
Parrish shifted position, allowing the legs to droop and splay even further apart. Standing by the woman’s torso, he checked for a pulse. 
Nothing.
"Diener," he said. "Fetch a thermometer. I’ll need you to take a measurement."
Gary sauntered off to do as bidden.
"Quickly!" Parrish called after him.
Gary returned a moment later with the thermometer in hand. He wavered as he stared at the body, his indecision clear.
"In the rectum, man!" said Parrish, leaning across her face to feel for breath.
Gary eased the glass device into the orifice. Expectancy was clear on his face. Even Parrish looked down with anticipation. Instead, nothing. Heartbeats later, Gary removed the thermometer and arranged the woman’s legs in a more modest pose.
"What's the reading?"
"Umm ... a few degrees above room temperature," Gary cocked his head, "Isn’t that what you expected?"
Parrish didn’t answer. Instead he was fixated on something near her breast. "Get me a magnifying glass."
Gary dutifully complied. Within moments, the magnifying glass was in the doctor’s hand.
"Come here," the doctor motioned. "What do you see?"
Gary leaned forward, awkward in close proximity to Parrish, and stared through the magnifying glass. 
"Well?"
Gary pulled his gaze from the glass and focussed instead on the woman’s chest and abdomen.
Dr. Parrish traced a line with his finger from underneath her breast down to below her abdomen. "There! It looks like a scar. A faint one, but definitely a scar." He began to trace the line back toward her other breast but pulled back, whirling to face Gary.
"Tell me about the initial incision," Parrish demanded.
Gary stepped back, flinching from the doctor’s fervour. "Umm ... it’s a deep cut, down to the bone. It’s a ‘Y’ shape, starting from the front of the shoulders and goes down to the ..."
"Go on."
Gary stared harder at the corpse, at the near-invisible scar. The line Parrish just traced. "Down to the abdomen."
"Someone’s been at her before me."
Gary nodded but shrank back. Confusion was rife in his eyes.
"I don’t like this one bit. We have to cut her open." Parrish moved with purpose, repositioning himself next to the trolley. "Normally, the diener makes the first incision, but I think I’ll spare you that honour today."
Gary stood in the shadows.
The woman’s chest lay exposed, propped up, and at the mercy of Parrish’s scalpel. 
"I am commencing the initial incision," Parrish declared to the recorder.
He stabbed the scalpel into the right shoulder, furtively at first, but was soon slicing along the scar in a barely controlled rush. Parrish used hungry sawing cuts to part skin and flesh. Trickles of blood and other fluids seeped from the monstrous incision, spilling down the woman’s torso and onto the table.
A tiny moan escaped into the room, almost unheard, as the scalpel sliced through the woman’s stomach tissue.
Parrish's response was sluggish as he shook himself from the task. "What was that?"
"What?"
Parrish gaped at the corpse. "Did you hear a noise? Like a sigh?"
The woman’s face was locked in a death mask as before. Her closed eyes were lost to the world, her mouth open in the tiniest of pouts. All identical to when Parrish first entered the room.
"I’m continuing the incision," he said to the recorder, as he plunged the scalpel deep into her stomach, picking up the weeping thread of the cut. He was approaching the lowest end of the incision but proceeded with caution, having lost his earlier vigour.
Gary. A voice called to the diener. A feminine voice. Foreign. Stop him! He’s not doing it right.
Gary looked about the room in alarm but saw nothing—no one other than the doctor and the corpse. Parrish’s tentative scalpel was nearing the abdomen and the pubic area.
Diener! Dr. Parrish looked up from his bloody handiwork to stare Gary in the eye. He lowered his mask, exposing a demented grin. His voice, the screech of a harpy. Punch me in the face!
Gary shook his head, timidly at first, but more fervently as the doctor’s grin darkened to a snarl. He tried to back away but his limbs tingled with energy, a sudden desire to violence.
Punch me, knock me out! Or you’re fired! The doctor’s voice was out of sync, built of raw menace. You incompetent fuck! Diener! If you don’t punch me in the face right now, I’m gonna gut you next.
The threat cut to Gary’s core, spurring him into action. The tingling in his limbs hit critical mass.
Gary lunged, grabbed Parrish by the wrist, and wrenched at the scalpel. It was freed from the woman’s abdomen with a slick sound.
"What are you—" Parrish stammered. All trace of the harpy’s voice was gone. The doctor appeared dazed in the heartbeat before Gary’s fist slammed into his face.
The bloodied scalpel clattered to the floor as Parrish crumpled. The crunch of bone and cartilage ghosted the room before fading away.
"Gary."
Confused, he looked down at the woman. Blood spilled from the incomplete incision spanning her torso. Her breasts were still propped up and within reach, their bareness enticing. He wanted to move but her eyes—her open, lightning-streaked eyes—held him in thrall. His thoughts were trapped in the blue-white zigzags. The tingle surged through his extremities; his skin itched and burned.
"Pick up the scalpel," she commanded. The lilt of her voice was intoxicating. Compelling.
He picked up the scalpel.
"Finish the incision." The woman’s eyes swirled with electric fire as she raised her head to study him. 
Gary hesitated.
The corpse gripped the edges of the table and pulled her legs up, spreading them suggestively. 
"Finish the cut, Gary," she commanded. Her voice was insistent, echoing through his mind a fraction of a second after it reached his ears. "But do it slower, deeper. With care."
Wavering, Gary fought the suggestion and the incessant energy under his skin.
The woman writhed on the autopsy table, arching her head back, breasts and hips forward, in an entrancing rhythm. More blood, crimson shading to black, spilled from her wound and was smeared across the slab by her gyrating buttocks.
Gary struggled against the betrayal of his groin. Sweat banded across his forehead and along his back. His skin crackled with latent energy; his scrubs were saturated—damp plastic chafing his skin.
Finish the incision, diener! She screamed without opening her mouth. The words lingered in his mind; a wave of nausea in his gut.
The moment he stepped forward, scalpel raised, the nausea and heat diminished. Everywhere except his throbbing crotch.
He wiped his brow and blinked the excess sweat out of his eye. He’d already positioned the scalpel over the woman’s stomach.
The woman stilled. They both watched the blade slide into her abdomen. The upward thrust of the scalpel forced out a breathless gasp from her.
With a mix of delicacy and clumsiness, he started the upward cut toward her left breast. He pressed his groin into the side of the table; the cool metal was a mixed blessing. Static electricity discharged up the front of his scrubs.
The woman renewed her gyrating, soon filling the examination room with moans of pained delight. Gibberish punctured her moans; a chant that was both familiar and foreign.
The scalpel blade was greedy despite his awkward hand. Urged on by the corpse’s desire, it sliced through her flesh and soft organs. Blood and intestinal fluids spilled from the incision as he arced up the side of her abdomen and further. The smell was fetid yet tinged with saccharine sweetness, as though he were dissecting a mouldy gingerbread woman.
He scraped across her ribs. Every scoring of bone wrenched stuttering whimpers from her. Gary lifted her breast with his free hand and tentatively ran the blade beneath its curve—generating whimpers, followed by a shuddering moan as the scalpel circled her breast and finished at her shoulder. White skin disappeared beneath her fluids as the incision wept.
Gary pulled the scalpel free. His erection diminished as the press of cool metal took effect and the electricity abated. The clamminess remained, along with an intense headache pounding at the base of his skull. 
The lightning-eyed woman continued to writhe, exulting in the expanding pool of blood. The table was awash with it; gravity and motion eased it down the blood grooves, burgundy thinning to silver.
After long moments of revelling in the pain and the blood, she petered off. She then fixed Gary with a predatory smile, running her fingers along the incision. In their wake, the cut healed over, leaving only a bloody smudge.
"Diener," she purred, sliding from the slab and stepping over the fallen form of Dr. Parrish. "You have executed your task well."
She paused to examine the surgical tools, testing the weight of each item. She seemed especially fond of Parrish’s knife, fingering it with the appreciation of a true fetishist. Blood coursed down her legs and pooled at her feet. Appearing to grow bored with the tools, she abandoned them and crossed the room for the door, spattering a bloody trail across the floor. 
Two snowy figures with matching pairs of zigzag eyes hovered outside the door, pressing their faces against the tiny inset window. The woman paused before the door, turning from her kind to fix Gary with one last stare.
"We may meet again, diener." She smoothed a palm over her hip; her gaze lingered on the bloodied scalpel in Gary's hand.
Gary shuddered, dropping the surgical blade. Unsure what to do, what to touch, he held his hands up, palms open, like a pre-op surgeon. His heart and skull thumped in unison.
"Remember, diener." The woman pointed to the plaque above the door. She uttered the phrase in imitation of Dr. Parrish, perverting it. She paused to blow him a kiss before slipping through the door. Joining her companions in the corridor, she disappeared from view, leaving a bloody smear on the door handle and her translated words lingering on Gary’s conscience.
"This is the place where the living help to delight death."


THE END

Award-winning author Shane Jiraiya Cummings has been acknowledged as "one of Australia's leading voices in dark fantasy". His latest releases include the ebooks Shards, The Smoke Dragon, Requiem for the Burning God, and the Apocrypha Sequence. More information on Shane's books can be found at www.jiraiya.com.au.

Return to Table of Contents
###


WORK IN PROGRESS
By Scott Nicholson

The cutting was the most demanding.
During his career as an artist, John Manning had sliced glass, trimmed paper, chipped granite, chiseled wood, shaved ice, and torched steel. Those materials were nothing compared to flesh. Flesh didn't always behave beneath the tool.
And bone might has well have been marble, for all its delicacy and stubbornness. Bone refused shaping. Bone wanted to splinter and curl, no matter how light John's touch on the hammer.
How did you build yourself alive?
Bit by bit.
Karen on the wall was a testament to that. Because Karen never lied.
And was never finished, an endless work in progress.
So building himself had become a mission from God. John knew from his time at college that art required suffering. He'd suffered plenty, from no job to canceled grants to broken fingers to Karen's last letter. His art had not improved, though he'd faithfully moved among the various media until his studio was as cluttered as a crow's nest.
He crushed out his cigarette and studied the portrait. Much of it had been done from memory. The painting had grown so large and oppressive in his mind that it assumed capital letters and became The Painting.
When he'd started it three years ago, the memory had flesh and was in the same room with him. Now he had to stagger through the caves of his brain to find her and demand she undress and model. And she had been so elusive lately.
Karen.
Her letter lay in a slot of his sorting shelf, just above a cluster of glass grapes. The paper had gone yellow, and rock dust was thick across its surface. If he opened the letter and read it, maybe she would come out of the smoky caves inside his skull. Except then he'd have to finish The Painting.
Looking out the window was easier, and had a shorter clean-up period. Painting had been foolish anyway. Every stroke was wrong. When he needed a light touch, he cut a fat swath. When he needed bold colors, he bled to mud.
He was born to sculpt, anyway. And now that he had the perfect subject, his frustrations could fall away. The anger and passion and sickness and hatred could go into the new work in progress and not poison his brain any longer. No more dallying with oil and charcoal, no more dancing with acrylics. That was a dilettante's daydream, and the dream was over.
Because this was real.
This was the most important moment in the history of art. 
This was The Living Painting.
Except the materials didn't cooperate. Not Cynthia nor Anna and not Sharon in the trunk of his Toyota.
Life was a work in progress. Nothing was sacred. Art was a work in progress. Nothing was sacred.
If you rearranged the letters of "sacred," you got "scared."
John had not been scared when he asked Cynthia to be his material. Cynthia was a work in progress. Cynthia was an artist. Cynthia was art.
The body beneath the canvas in the corner of John's studio dripped.
John wondered if the blood would seep between the cracks in the floor and then through the ceiling of the used bookstore below. Even if it did, no one would notice for months. His studio was above the Classics, a section almost as long-dead as the authors themselves. Proof that even when you created something for the ages, the ages could care less.
So all that was left was pleasing himself. Envisioning perfection, and striving for it. Pushing his hands and heart to match his mind's strange hope.
He lifted the razor and was about to absolve himself of failure forever when the knock came at the door.
The studio was a shared space. John loathed other human beings, and other artists in particular, but his lack of steady income had forced him to join five others in renting the makeshift gallery. They were drawn together by the same fatalistic certainty of all other dying breeds. 
Knock, knock.
And the knock came again. Some people didn't take "no answer" for an answer. 
One of the five must have knocked. Probably wanted to chat about art. Not like they had anything better to do. John threw a spattered sheet of canvas over the corner of the room and went to the door.
Karen.
Karen in the hallway, glorious, almost perfect.
The last person he expected to see, yet the right person at this stage of the work in progress.
Karen as a statue, as a painting, as the person who shaped John's life. John tried to breathe but his lungs were basalt. Karen had not aged a bit. If anything, she had grown younger, more heavenly. More perfect.
John could read her eyes as if they were mirrors. She tried not to show it, but truth and beauty couldn't lie. Truth and beauty showed disapproval. That was one look she hadn't forgotten.
John weighed every ounce of the gray that touched his temples, measured the bags under his eyes, counted the scars on his hands.
"Hello, John," Karen said.
Just the way she'd started the letter.
"Hi." His tongue felt like mahogany. 
"You're surprised." Karen talked too fast. "My old roommate from college still lives here. I had her look you up."
"And you came all this way to see me?" John wanted a cigarette. His hands needed something to do.
"I was passing through anyway. Mountain vacation. You know, fresh air and scenic beauty and all that."
John glanced out the window. A plume of diesel exhaust drifted through his brick scenery. College buildings sprawled against the hillsides in the background. The mountains were lost to pollution.
John had been silent too long and was about to say something, but his words disappeared in the smoky caves inside his head.
"I'm not interrupting anything, am I?" Karen asked.
"You're not interrupting. I was just thinking about my next piece."
That meant his next sculpture rather than his next sexual encounter. Karen knew him well enough to understand.
She could never interrupt, anyway. John was an artist, and artists never had anything to interrupt. Artists had years of free time, and artists would rather give their free time to other people. Art was sacrifice.
His time was her time. Always had been. At least, it had been years ago. Now she lived two thousand miles away with no forwarding address and John had endless buckets of time to devote to his art.
Except now she stood at the door of his studio, eyes like nickels. 
"Can I come in, then?"
Come.
In.
To John's studio.
With Cynthia lying in the corner, weeping blood and becoming. Becoming what, John wasn't sure.
Himself, maybe. His soul. The shape of things. A work in progress.
John tried on a smile that felt fixed in plaster. "Come in."
Karen walked past him and lifted objects from his workbench. "A metal dolphin. I like that."
She touched the stone sailboat and the driftwood duck and the rattlesnake walking stick and John watched her until she finally saw the portrait.
Or rather, The Painting. 
"Damn, John."
"I haven't finished it yet."
"I think you just liked making me get naked. You painted me slow."
Not as slow as he should have. He wanted the painting to take a lifetime. She had other plans, though she hadn't known it at the time.
"It's a work in progress," he said.
"What smells so funny?"
Oh, God. She had flared her wondrous nostrils. John did not like where this was headed.
"Probably the kerosene," John said. "Cheaper than paint thinner, and works just as well, if you overlook the stink."
"I remember."
She remembered. She hadn't changed.
Had John changed?
No, not "Had John changed?" The real question was how much John had changed. A soft foam pillow in the corner was studded with steak knives.
"Did you ever make enough money to buy an acetylene torch?" She ran a finger over the rusted edge of some unnamed and unfinished piece. "I know that was a goal of yours. To sell enough stuff to—"
John knew this part by heart. "To buy an acetylene torch and make twelve in a series and put an outrageous price on them, hell, add an extra zero on the end and see what happens, and then the critics eat it up and another commission and, bam, I'm buying food and I have a ticket to the top and we have a future."
Karen ignored that word "future." She was the big future girl, the one with concrete plans instead of sandstone dreams. John's future was a dark search for something that could never exist. Perfection.
Karen walked to the corner, hovered over the spattered canvas.
No one could see it until he was finished.
John looked at the shelf, saw a semi-carved wooden turtle. He grabbed it and clutched it like a talisman. "Hey. I'll bet you can't guess what this is."
Her attention left the mound beneath the canvas. "How could I ever guess? You've only made five thousand things that could fit in the palms of your hands."
"Summer. That creek down by the meadow. The red clover was fat and sweet and the mountains were like pieces of carved rock on the horizon. The sky was two-dimensional."
"I remember." She turned her face away. Something about her eyes. Were they moist? Moister than when he'd opened the door?
She went to the little closet. John looked at her feet. She wore loafers, smart, comfortable shoes. Not much heel.
Beneath the loafers rested Anna. The experiment.
The smell had become pretty strong, so John had sealed the area with polyurethane. The floor glowed beneath Karen's shoes. John let his eyes travel up as far as her calves, then he forced his gaze to The Painting.
"Aren't you going to ask me about Hank?" she said.
As if there were any possible reason to ask about Hank. Hank had been Henry, a rich boy who shortened his name so the whiz kids could relate. Hank who had a ladder to climb, with only one possible direction. To the top where the money was.
Hank who could only get his head in the clouds by climbing. Hank who didn't dream. Hank who was practical. Hank who offered security and a tomorrow that wasn't tied to a series of twelve metal works with an abstract price tag.
"What about Hank?" he heard himself saying.
"Ran off." She touched a dangerous stack of picture frames. "With an airline attendant. He decided to swing both ways, a double member in the Mile High club."
"Not Hank?" John had always wondered about Hank, could picture him reverting to Henry and going to strange bars. Hank had been plenty man enough for Karen, though. Much more man than John.
At least the old John. The new John, the one he was building, was a different story.
A work in progress.
"What are you doing here?" he asked.
She turned and tried on that old look, the one that worked magic four years ago. Four years was a long time. A small crease marred one of her perfect cheeks.
"I came to see you," she said. "Why else?"
"Oh. I thought you might have wanted to see my art."
"Same difference, silly."
Same difference. A Karenism. One of those he had loathed. And calling him "silly" when he was probably the least silly man in the history of the human race. As far as serious artists went, anyway.
"No, really. What are you doing here?"
"I told you, Hank's gone."
"What does that have to do with me?"
She picked up a chisel. It was chipped, like his front tooth. She tapped it against a cinder block. Never any respect for tools.
"It has everything to do with you," she said.
A pause filled the studio like mustard gas, then she added, "With us."
Us. Us had lasted seven months, four days, three hours, and twenty-three minutes, give or take a few seconds. But who was counting?
"I don't understand," he said. He had never been able to lie to her.
"You said if it weren't for Hank—"
"Henry. Let's call him 'Henry.'"
Her eyes became slits, then they flicked to the Andy Warhol poster. "Okay. If it weren't for Henry, I'd probably still be with you."
Still. Yes, she knew all about still. She could recline practically motionless for hours on end, a rare talent. She could do it in the nude, too. A perfect model. A perfect love, for an artist.
No.
Artists didn't need love, and perfection was an ideal to be pursued but never captured.
The work in progress was all that mattered. Anna under the floorboards. Cynthia beneath the canvas. Sharon in the trunk of his Toyota.
And Karen here before him.
His fingers itched, and the reflections of blades gleamed on the work bench.
"I thought you said you could never be happy with an artist," he said. "Because artists are so self-absorbed."
"I never said that, exactly."
Except for three times. Once after making love, when the sheets were sweaty and the breeze so wonderful against the heat of their slick skin, when the city pulsed like a live thing in time to their racing heartbeats, when cars and shouts and bricks and broken glass all paved a trail that led inside each other.
"You said that," he said.
She moved away, turned her back, and pretended to care the least little bit about the Magritte print. "I was younger then."
Karen didn't make mistakes, and if she did, she never admitted them. John didn't know what to make of this new Karen. How did she fit with this new John he was building? Where did she belong in the making?
Art, on a few rare occasions, was born of accident. Or was even accident by design? Karen had entered his life, his studio, his work, right in the midst of his greatest creation. This making of himself.
She walked past the collection of mirror shards he had cemented to the wall. Suddenly there were a dozen Karens, sharp-edged and silvery. All of them with that same fixed smile, one that welcomed itself back to a place it had never truly belonged. John's jagged world.
"What are you working on?" she asked. She'd wondered such things in the beginning, when showing interest in his art was the best way into his head. Then she'd slowly sucked him away, drained his attention until all he could think about was her. She became the centerpiece of his gallery, the showcase, the magnum opus. And when at last she'd succeeded in walling him off from his art, when she herself had become the art, along came Henry who called himself Hank.
"Oh, something in soapstone."
The piece was on his bench. She hadn't even noticed. Her eyes were blinded ice.
"Oh, that," she said. "That's pretty neat."
Soapstone had a little give, some flexibility. You could miss your hammer stroke and create an interesting side effect instead of complete and utter rubble. Soapstone could be shaped. Unlike Karen, who was already shaped to near perfection.
The soapstone piece was called "Madonna And Grapefruit." Madonna was a long graceful curve, skin splotched by the grain of the stone. Grapefruit was the part he hadn't figured out yet.
He hadn't touched it in four months.
"I'm calling it 'Untitled,'" he said. That statement was a lie for the piece called "Madonna and Grapefruit," but was true for the work in progress for which three women had given their lives.
"Neat. You always were better at sculpting than painting." She looked again at her unfinished portrait on the wall. She added, "But you're a good painter, too."
"So, what's new with you?" As if he had to ask. What was new was that Henry was gone, otherwise she was exactly the same as she'd always been.
"Visiting. My old roommate."
"The sky was two-dimensional," he said.
"What?"
"That day. That day we were talking about a minute ago."
"Don't talk about the past."
"Why not?" he said. "It's all I have."
Her face did a good job of hiding what she was thinking. Marble, or porcelain maybe.
"Where are you staying now?" she asked.
He didn't want to admit that he was sleeping on the couch in the gallery. "I have a walk-up efficiency. Not enough elbow room to get any work done, though. That's why I rent this place."
"So, have you done any shows lately?"
He considered lying, then decided to go for it. "I won second place in a community art show. A hundred bucks and a bag of art supplies."
"Really? Which piece?"
John pointed toward a gnarled wooden monstrosity that sulked in one corner. It had once been a dignified dead oak, but had been debased with hatchet blows and shellac.
"What do you call it?" Karen asked.
"I call it . . ." John hoped his hesitation played as a dramatic pause while he searched his index of future titles. "I call it ‘Moment of Indecision.’"
"Heavy."
"I'll say 'heavy.' Weighs over two hundred pounds. I'm surprised it hasn't fallen through the floor."
"And you made a hundred dollars?"
"Well, 'make' isn't the right word, if you're calculating profit and loss. I spent forty dollars on materials and put in thirty hours of labor. Comes in at less than half of minimum wage."
He was surprised how fast he was talking now. And it was all due to Karen walking toward the rumpled canvas in the corner, leaning over it, examining the lumps and folds and probably wondering what great treasure lay underneath.
The artist formerly known as Cynthia.
"Say, Karen, how's your old roommate?" The same roommate who wouldn't leave the room so they could make love in Karen's tiny bed. The roommate who thought John was stuck up. The roommate who was so desperately and hideously blonde that John wished for a moment she could become part of the work in progress.
The distraction worked, because Karen turned from the canvas and stroked a nest of wires that was trying to become a postmodern statement.
"She's the same as ever," Karen said.
"Aren't we all?" John looked at the handles of the steak knives. They almost formed the outline of a letter of the alphabet.
"I don't know why I'm here. I really shouldn't be here."
"Don't say that. It's really good to see you."
John pictured her as a metal dolphin, leaping from the water, drops falling like golden rust against the sunset. Frozen in a moment of decision. A single framed image that he could never paint.
He looked at the oil of Karen. The endless work in progress. Maybe if he ran a streak of silver along that left breast, the angle of the moonlight would trick the viewer.
If Karen weren't here, such a moment of inspiration would have brought a mad rush for brushes and paints. Now, he felt foolish. 
Because Karen was here after all. This was life, not art. This was life, not art. This was life, not art.
He clenched one fist behind his back.
Ah.
Untitled.
Sharon in the trunk of his Toyota.
"The sky was two-dimensional," John said.
"What?"
"That day."
"John." She picked up his fluter, a wedged piece of metal. Nobody touched his fluter.
"What?"
She nodded toward The Painting, the one that showed most of her nude body. "Did you like painting me just because you could get me naked that way?"
A question that had two possible answers. Yes or no.
The artist always chose the third possible answer.
"Both," he said. "How's Henry?"
"I think he goes by 'Hank' now. At least that's what his boyfriend calls him." Karen wiggled her hands into the pockets of her blue jeans. Tightening the fabric.
John's fingers itched.
"So, how's the job?" he asked.
As if he had to ask. Accounting. The same as always.
"The same as always," she said. "I got another raise last year."
The ladder and how to climb it. Karen knew the book by heart, learned by rote at the feet of Henry who called himself Hank. Or was it Hank who changed his name to Henry?
Such confusion.
So many sharp edges and reflections.
"Why are you here?" John asked.
"I already told you."
"No. I mean, really."
She picked up a piece of colored glass, a remnant from a miniature church John had built and then smashed. She held the glass to her eye and looked through. Blue behind blue.
"I got to wondering about you," she said. "How you were getting along and all that. And I wanted to see how famous artists lived."
Famous artists didn't live. All the most famous artists were long dead, and the ones who swayed the critics during their own lifetimes made John suspicious.
"I'm the most famous artist nobody's ever heard of," he said.
She rubbed her thumb along the edge of the glass. "That's one thing I don't miss about you. Your insecurity."
"Artists have to go to dangerous places. You can't get too comfortable if you want to make a statement."
Karen put the piece of blue glass on the desk beside his mallet. She went to the portrait again. She pointed to the curve of her painted hip. "Maybe if you put a little more red here."
"Maybe."
She turned. "This is really sad, John. You promised you were going to throw yourself into your work and make me regret ever breaking up with you."
He hated her for knowing him so well. Knowing him, but not understanding. That was something he'd never been able to forgive her for.
But then, she wasn't perfect. She was a work in progress, too.
"You can't even finish one lousy painting," she said.
"I've been working on my crow collection."
"Crow collection? What the hell is that?"
"Shiny stuff. Spiritual stuff."
"I thought you were going to make that series of twelve that was going to be your ticket to the top."
He looked out the window. The room smelled of kerosene and decay.
She waved her hands at the mess on the workbench. "You gave up me for this."
No. She left him for Hank or Henry. John never made the choice. She wanted him to give up art. That was never an option.
"I guess I'd better get going," she said.
He thought about grabbing her, hugging her, whispering to her the way he had in the old days. He wanted her naked, posing. Then, perhaps, he could finish the portrait.
"It was really good to see you," he said.
"Yeah." Her face was pale, a mixture of peach and titanium white.
She paused by the studio door and took a last look at The Painting. "Frozen in time," she said.
"No, it's not frozen at all. It's a work in progress.
"See you around."
Not likely, since she lived two thousand miles away. The door closed with a soft squeak, a sigh of surrender.
John looked at the portrait again.
Karen here before him.
Not the one who walked and breathed, the one he could never shape. This was the Karen he could possess. The real Karen. The Painting.
He possessed them all. Anna under the floorboards. Cynthia beneath the canvas. Sharon in the trunk of his Toyota. 
John hurried to the bench and grabbed up his tools.
The Muse had spoken. He realized he'd never wanted to build himself, or dream himself alive. Art wasn't about sacrificing for the good of the artist. Art was about sacrificing for others.
For Karen.
She was the real work in progress, the one that could be improved. The canvas awaited his touch.
John uncovered Cynthia and went to work. By midnight, The Painting was finished.
It was perfection.


THE END
Return to Table of Contents
###


INVISIBLE BULLETS
By Scott Nicholson

Guilt can murder without leaving fingerprints.
And so can I.
It’s easy when you’re dead. No forensics expert in the world can dust up a ghost or snag a DNA sample from a person who no longer exists. Sure, they can probe your corpse and rearrange your organs, test your blood, turn back your eyelids. But they can never toe tag your soul.
And the game works both ways: the average lawbreaker doesn’t expect divine justice to swoop out of nowhere. A crook fears other crooks, and lawyers, and maybe even the cops a little. Not punishment in an afterlife. If a crook truly believed in hell, he probably wouldn’t become a crook in the first place.
So when I come in with my invisible bullets, I blindside your kind every time. I have to pick my spots, not because I have to cover my tracks, but because sin and corruption are so commonplace. So much evil, so little time. I can’t save the whole world, and I doubt I’d want to even if I could.
Why am I picking on you? You’re just a purse snatch, small potatoes, got the street cred of a shoe shine boy. You never harmed anybody, at least if you don’t count molesting the neighbor girl or hocking your mom’s silver or poisoning the teacher’s dog. You’re just another thug in training, one of a blue million.
I’m picking on you because I like you.
Because everybody deserves a second chance.
My afterlife caseworker spun me around, sent me back here among you breathers. If you think the justice system is a revolving door, you ain’t seen nothing yet. They give dead people like me second chances, people who meant well but took a few wrong turns along the way. And died before we’d made amends.
So now I make amends. That’s why I’m here. 
And you’re stupid. That’s why you’re here.
I can tell by your eyes that you want to run, want to scream, climb a fire escape or jump into a dumpster. Hell, you’d even drop a dime on the cops right about now. You don’t quite believe it, a dead guy standing here with a gun, a see-through guy who shoots invisible bullets.
But believe it, pal.
I know your pockets are hot with green, your nose is dry with blow that’s more baby powder than coke, you have six different illegal substances pushing through your body with every hard beat of your heart.
And you’re trying to tell yourself it’s only the drugs, this can’t be happening, a ghost is not shaking you down, because dead people could care less about good and evil.
But let me tell you a secret.
Good and evil are not separate things. They’re parts of the same. Part of you, part of me. One side might be bigger than the other, the light might try to wash out the dark, the dark might hunger to swallow the light. It’s a battle.
It’s the only battle that matters, and the sad thing is, it’s a battle we always lose.
Don’t be scared. I’m not going to punish you for the bad things you’ve done. Sure, you only did six months in juvie hall, and you committed enough soft crime to deserve eighty years. But that’s not my problem.
See, I don’t care about the past. I’m dead, so what does the past mean to me? You see my point, don’t you?
No, my friend, I’m here to punish you for all the bad things you’re going to do in the future.
You don’t know what they are, but I do. I can read you like a television.
They’re bad things. And you’re a bad boy. And you’re going to make an even worse man.
Look into the black hole of this barrel and count to six. That’s the way, just fall on over and die. Stop wasting the world’s precious air, because it’s way too good for filth like you. My bullets may be invisible, but your blood is plain as day.
Ah, a weird crime scene, just the way I like it. It’ll drive the detectives nuts. You face-down in the pavement, your juice watering the crab grass in the cracks. You heading down to your own revolving door in a merciless beyond. You’re a done deal.
And that’s the biggest reason I hate you, because your road is as well-lit as the devil’s front door.
You got lucky. I’m still trying. 
I’ll get to hell one of these days, if I keep up the good work.
Me, I’m sick to death of second chances.


THE END
Return to Table of Contents
###


SUNG LI
By Scott Nicholson

There's a story behind every glass eye.
That's what Uncle Theodore says. He got his glass eye after a fight in the jungle. Said something called a "goop" got him with a piece of shrapnel. I asked him once and he told me that shrapnel was a jaggedy piece of metal. Anyway, he's the one who gave Sung Li to my Mom.
If it's true what he said about glass eyes, then Sung Li has two stories. Her eyes aren't really glass, but I like to pretend anyway. Maybe she'll let me tell you her other story, the one you don't know about yet. But maybe not, since all you want to do is talk about what happened last night.
Who's Sung Li? I already told that other police. But maybe they figured since you're a woman police, I'll tell the truth this time. So I'll tell you who Sung Li is, and maybe you'll believe me.
She's the China doll that lives on the second shelf in that little showcase on the top of the stairs. She usually just lays there. Daddy says that's what girls are supposed to do, anyway. Lay there and look pretty. At least that's what he always told me on Mom's library nights. And Mom says if you handle Sung Li, the value will go down.
Mom really loves that doll, maybe more than anything else in the showcase. Did you look yet? There's a silver tray that's got some writing on it under a picture of a sailboat. Up above that is an old book that's got cardboard poking through the corners and a little red ribbon tucked inside as a bookmark. There's some other things, too. Daddy's old bowling trophy, some dollars from where they don't know how to spell good, and that knife from Mexico that's made out of volcano stuff. But Sung Li is the main thing. All the rest is kind of placed around her like an afterthought.
Mom taught me the word "afterthought." She sometimes even calls me that. Her Little Afterthought. She smiles when she says that, but it's one of those crooked smiles where one side of your face gets wrinkly.
Except to put something inside, Mom only opens that showcase about once a month, when she takes one of those dusters that looks like the back end of a chicken. She runs that duster over the shelves and all that stuff in the showcase. I don't see why she bothers, because that old stuff in there just keeps making more dust. When the light's just right, when you hide behind the door and the sun is sneaking through that little crack between the hall and my bedroom, you can watch her. After she leaves, you can sit there and watch the little silver hairs spin and twirl and then settle down all over again.
But mostly I watch Sung Li. You ought to go up and see her. Maybe you will, after I finish telling her story.
She wears this little robe with flowers on it and she's got a cloth belt tied around her waist. The sleeves where her hands come out are really wide. She has tiny black shoes and pants that are the color of raw rice. But her frosty white face is what I really like to look at.
Her cheeks go way up high under her eyes, and they're sharp like a naked bone. Her eyebrows are real skinny and rounded. She has a nose that's almost invisible, just a little nip of whatever it is they make plates out of. Her lips are bright red and shiny, almost like they're wet. I know it's all paint, but I like to pretend about things like that.
She doesn't look much like me. Except for the eyes. Sometimes I'll look into those black glass eyes of hers, the eyes that seem to soak up whatever light hits them. Then I'll run into the bathroom down the hall, quick before I forget, and look in the mirror at my own eyes. And for just a second, or however long I can go without blinking, I can pretend that I'm pretty like Sung Li.
You really think I'm pretty? Well, it's nice of you to say that, anyway. But I'm not pretty like Sung Li.
At night in bed I wrap the blankets around me and think about Sung Li. I take off my pillowcases and put them on my arms and pretend they're big sleeves. I stick my lips out a little, like I'm waiting for a secret kiss. I pretend I'm sitting on the middle shelf and people look at me and like me because I am pretty and have good value.
Maybe I wouldn't ever have learned Sung Li's story. But one day Daddy opened the case with his little key because he bought a carved gnome and wanted to put it in there. Mom was watching him, to make sure he didn't break anything. Daddy used to break things sometimes.
No, I don't need a tissue. Everybody keeps telling me that it's okay to cry, and they give me candy bars. But why should I cry? Sung Li is going to be okay.
Usually Mom sent me away whenever the case was opened. I think she was afraid I would pick up something and make its value go down. So I hid behind the door and looked through that crack near the hinges. I heard Daddy tell Mom that the gnome was a collector's item. It was an ugly old thing, with a thick beard and a sharp nose and a face that's all wrinkly like somebody who stayed in the bathtub too long. You can see it when you go up to look at Sung Li, if you want to.
Daddy took Sung Li out of the center space on the main shelf and put that knotty old gnome in her place. He put Sung Li on the bottom shelf and leaned her against my baby shoes. They're bronze now. They weren't bronze when I wore them.
I knew Sung Li was mad about being moved, maybe just because Daddy had touched her. Her eyes burned with all that light they had soaked up over the years. But Daddy didn't notice, he just hummed his little hum and tilted his head back to make sure the gnome was centered on the shelf. Then he closed the door and I saw Mom hide the key under the showcase.
After they were gone, I tiptoed to the case and felt under the bottom edge until I found the key. I heard the front door slam and then heard Daddy start his car and drive away, back to work or wherever he stayed all day until dark. Mom was messing with the laundry downstairs. I put the key in the lock and turned it. The whole front of the case opened up, and it squeaked like a door in a haunted house.
I reached out to touch Sung Li, and my hand was trembling. She was so pretty, even when she was mad about being moved. Her lips were shining in the little bit of sunshine. Then I couldn't help myself, I had to feel her smooth skin, even if it meant her value would go down and Mom would be mad at me. I touched her secret lips and they were cold, cold like a popsicle, cold like the sidewalk in winter when you lay the back of your head against it.
I felt her soft black hair that was smoothed behind her head. I touched her robe with all its folds and tiny stitches. I rubbed that little pinch of a nose. I picked her up.
I thought she would be made out of that hard stuff they make plates out of. But only her head was. The rest must have been stuffed with rags or cotton or something like that. When I picked her up with my hand around her skinny waist, her head flopped over and banged against the bronze shoes. The showcase rattled and I was afraid Mom would hear it even over the noise of the washer.
I quick put my hand around Sung Li's head. I felt a sharp pain. I pulled my fingers out from under her hair and there was blood on them. Her head had cracked.
My heart must have skipped at least two beats. I was afraid Mom would be mad because Sung Li's value had gone down and Daddy would give me one of his special spankings. And I was afraid that Sung Li wouldn't love me after that.
Isn't that funny, how you love somebody but you end up breaking them?
But Sung Li's eyes weren't mad anymore. They just looked off over my shoulder and soaked up the sunshine. That's when I heard Mom coming up the stairs. I leaned Sung Li back against the bronze shoes and closed the case.
I think I was breathing again by then because I could see fog on the glass. I put the key back in its hiding place, and that's when I remembered that I hadn't locked the case. But I thought maybe I could do that later, if Mom didn't notice that I'd messed with anything. It almost looked exactly the same as before. The crack in Sung Li's head was hidden by her hair.
But one thing I knew Mom would notice. The dust on the shelves. Daddy had been real careful when he set Sung Li there on the lower shelf. But I was in such a hurry to pick her up, I had wiped a clean trail where Sung Li's robe had brushed across the wood. And one thing I had learned from watching dust settle all those times, you just can't hurry dust.
My tummy felt like it had a stone in it. When Mom reached the hall, she asked me why I was so pale. She said I was as white as a China doll. She felt my forehead and said I might be getting a fever. She was so worried that she forgot to look in the case.
She tucked me in and then Daddy came later and tucked me in twice. After he left, I stared up at the ceiling in the dark and thought I could see Sung Li's eyes. Even when I thought I was asleep, I still saw those eyes. And my head hurt. And the eyes got bigger and bigger until they filled up everything. And then it was like I was looking through Sung Li's eyes. You know how you get a fever and things get mixed up?
That's how I was feeling. How could my eyes feel cold and glassy and big like that when I was asleep? But all I know is that Sung Li wanted me to look through her eyes.
Sung Li saw the edge of the shelf, she felt the cold of the bronze shoes against her back. But the robe was soft and snug around her body, the sleeves as loose as pillowcases. She stretched out and then she was standing, raising up on those wiggly legs and walking to the glass door.
She tripped over an ivory elephant that came up to her knees. The elephant fell over and landed on some of Uncle Theodore's army medals. The noise was so loud, it would have woken me up if I hadn't been dreaming so heavily. Then Sung Li crawled over a toy metal train that was old and rusty. Curly flakes of paint stuck to her robe.
She pushed open the glass door to the showcase and jumped to the floor with something from the shelf, something that was dark. She landed on her little shoes, her head flopping up and down because it was so heavy. In my sleep, I heard a thumping and scratching down the hall, at my parents' door. Or maybe I was awake, because a dog was barking somewhere down the street.
Then I heard Daddy's breathing, sort of long and loud, not the short and fast way it gets on Mom's library nights. Sung Li felt the edge of the blanket that was hanging down to the floor. She pulled herself up, the volcano knife tucked under her arm, and the next thing I knew she was on Daddy's chest and rocking up and down like a boat on the ocean.
I don't know what happened after that, only I heard Mom screaming and I think I woke up and I was glad it was only a dream because I was scared. But Mom kept screaming and screaming, then I knew I was awake because my finger hurt where I had cut it.
I cut it on the crack in Sung Li's head, just like I told you. Not on the volcano knife. I never touched the volcano knife.
Anyway, Mom screamed and then my head was hurting again. I went down the hall and looked in their bedroom. Mom was sitting up in bed, her face all pink and she screamed some more. I guess somebody finally heard her and called the police.
The police I talked to before asked why I had blood all over my clothes. I told him it was because I tried to get Mom off the bed, away from what happened to Daddy. Maybe you don't believe me, either, and you'll make me keep telling Sung Li's story over and over, and about those library nights, and how my finger got cut.
But just go upstairs and look in the showcase. Then maybe you'll quit looking at me like I'm an afterthought. You'll see two things right off. I know, because I did, and I'm only a kid.
First, you'll see Sung Li right back in her old place in the center of the shelf, staring out with those cold glass eyes that aren't really glass at all, only that stuff they make plates out of. The ugly gnome is down on the bottom shelf, its face all chipped and scarred like the woodcarver got mad at the thing he was making.
And there's one other thing, something Sung Li couldn't cover up. I don't know how she got the blood off her clothes. And she somehow got the ivory elephant back in place and wiped off the knife that's made of volcano stuff. The knife's gone now. One of those other police took it away in a plastic bag.
But look on the shelf, and the second shelf, too. You'll see what gives her away. What she left behind on her way back to her old place in the showcase. Two little rows of dots in the dust, about the size of the ends of somebody's fingers.
Footprints. She couldn't fix that, and I know why.
I hid behind the door enough times to know that you just can't hurry dust.
Can we go see Sung Li now?


THE END
Return to Table of Contents
###


BLACK
By Tim Lebbon

She only screams for the first two minutes.  Some of the screams may be words in her own language, but if so they are a curse.  She still makes noises after that but they are unconscious and dead, not echoes of life.  He hears the knife going in, whispering through skin and flesh, grating on bone, its serrated edge sucking like a jelly shaken from its mould as he pulls it out.  He is changing this mould radically.
She sighs, but it is gas escaping her rent body.  She coughs, but it may be blood bubbling in her throat.  Still he stabs, slashes and gouges, just to make sure.  He tries to concentrate on the white-hot anger and rage he feels, propagating them in the hope that they might camouflage the worrying excitement.  The pleasure.  He’s enjoying this.
She begins to drip from the edges of the table, more solid scraps of her following soon after, and a steady rain of fluid patters down onto the flagstone floor.  He closes his eyes and listens, trying to distinguish the cleansing rain outside from that within.  He’s still shaking with fury, fear and dread, and even though he knows that what he’s doing is so wrong, he cannot take it back.  He will not take it back.  It’s her fault, it’s the fault of her kin and kind, and this is his release.  At least he can smell the truth of that.

Ed carved another niche into the damp plasterboard wall.  As the knife penetrated and pink plaster squeezed out he expected blood to well from within, the wall to quiver and scream and smell of insides.  He expected this every time, and every time it did not happen.  Yet the fear was always just as fresh.  Sometimes he believed that every memory he had was made up, pulled together hurriedly by his still-waking mind before he could become fully conscious and realise that he was actually no one at all.
The only real memory he could never doubt was of the murder that had changed his life.
“Thousands,” he said, standing back from the wall and surveying the damage he had wrought.  The bare painted partition was scarred across its surface with a mark for every day he had been here.  They started in the left bottom corner as inch-high, delicately cut indicators, the tender slices of a surgeon operating on his own child.  But now, the latest was the hacking of a murderer.  Tracing them from left to right did not tell his story, because at some point he had decided to mix in the marks, make them disordered and confused.  Not his story, no, but perhaps his state of mind.
“Thousands of days.”  He’d counted to begin with.  Each mark added to the number he kept in his head, the length of time he’d been here, and because back then his memory still was not too bad he would wake in the morning and remember the number from the night before.  Then he’d started to forget, and it had become necessary to re-count the marks several times each week.  This he did not mind, essentially—he had nothing better to do—but it was tedious and, as the violence of the knife strokes grew, all but impossible.
So now he left it at this: thousands.  With what he could remember of his life, that was as good as forever.
The flat was sparse and dirty.  He ate takeout food mostly, and old boxes and bags and sachets were piled on the kitchen surfaces, plates in the sink waiting to be washed when all the clean ones were used.  The bin stank of mould and rotting meat.  Ed liked that.  It reminded him of what he had done, and he only wished he had the conscience to view it as a punishment rather than simply an annoying smell.  He paid for his food with a debit card from a bank account that seemed always to honour the transaction.  He had an idea that he’d had a good job once.  Perhaps he was still being paid.  He didn’t deserve it – he felt that he was deserving of very little, and he knew the dead woman would agree—but it was there, and he needed to eat, and his scruples hardly went that deep.  If he’d once had morals, they’d been slaughtered by that knife as well.
The same knife he now used to mark the passing of his own life.
He’d have laughed at the irony if he hadn’t sickened himself so much.
Ed put down the knife and went for a walk.  He did this most days, wandering past the greasy takeaway food bars, the tacky cheap jewellery shops, money lenders and video emporiums and dingy pubs, their closed doors and smoky interiors almost begging potential customers not to enter.  Passing faces he did not know he acknowledged no one and, in turn, was ignored.  He was certain that sometimes they did not even see him.  He’d read somewhere that the human minds filters out everything not required from its surroundings, otherwise the information input would be far too massive.  He liked not being a part of anybody else’s life.  
Ed preferred living in the city because he could be just another mystery, even to himself.  He deserved no less.  As happened every day, flashes of what he had done haunted him; tastes, sounds, feelings, smells of his crime assailed him at every step, either reflected in shop windows, carried on the air or manufactured inside his head.  Trying to ignore them was like trying not to breathe.  Accepting them, suffering, was all he could do to make amends.  
He certainly did not deserve to meet Queenie.
On that hot July afternoon when he first saw her, he simply watched.  He hadn’t had sex since the war, rarely even masturbated, but seeing the woman in the park stirred feelings that surprised him with their intensity.  He wanted her, yes, but he was also interested by her.  The strange things she did went some way to explaining that, but also the way she moved, the clothes she wore, the way she flicked her long hair back over her shoulder quickly and impatiently, as if it was merely an annoyance.
Ed sat on a bench by the pond and tried to blend into the background.  He hated being noticed at the best of times, but now, watching this woman, he craved invisibility.  The more fascinated he became with her and her actions, the less he wanted to meet her.
She must be planning something, he thought.  Scouting the area for a filming.  Or perhaps she was an artist.  She was lurking beneath a clump of trees at the edge of the park, holding something up to the sky – a light meter, Ed guessed – taking photographs, scratching around at the foots of the trees with a small trowel as if looking for buried treasure.  She kept out of the sun.  If she did emerge from beneath one group of trees, she would quickly cross the sunlit grass to another area of shadow.  Her skin was dark and weathered—she obviously spent a lot of time outdoors—but she seemed to much prefer the comfort of shadows to the hot caress of the sun.  Ed could relate to that. He wondered what crime she was trying to hide from. 
It took over an hour for her to notice him.  In that time he sat motionless on the bench, the sun slowly burning his bald pate, hardly even twitching as a group of teenagers cycled by so close that one of them touched his shoe with his wheels.  He watched her set a camera on a tripod and take one photograph every five minutes, fix small boxes to several trees with nails, sweep leaves away from the bole of a lightning-struck tree as if to reveal its skeletal underside.  She finally sat down and took a bottle of water from a rucksack…and that was when she saw him.
Ed held his breath, startled, as she froze and stared across at him.  She was too far away for him to see her expression clearly, but she put her bottle down and stood without looking away from him. 
His heart began to race, sweat popped out on his skin, his sunburned scalp tightened.  She was not only standing, she was walking, coming out into the sun and seemingly oblivious of it for the first time, striding across the grass and glancing away now and then, though infrequently and not for long.
He felt her attention upon him, like fresh sunbeams cooking his skin.
Ed stood, turned his back on the woman and walked quickly away.  He aimed through the kid’s playground, dodging toddlers as they darted around his legs and hoping that he could lose her through there if she chose to follow.  But when he looked back over his shoulder he saw her standing by his bench, hands on hips, staring after him.  She shielded her eyes as he looked and he thought perhaps she smiled.  But it could have been a shadow pulling at her lips, making him see something that was not really there.
He left the park without looking back again.

He has smelled insides before, of course, but never like this.  In the war he has seen more dead bodies than anyone ever should, two of them—the rebel unwilling to give up his guns, the government solider angry and aggressive at his intrusion— the results of his own actions.  He hates every single corpse because they remind him of why he is here, what these people are doing to each other, and each shot, shattered or gutted body seems to be one more mocking taunt aimed directly at him: we’re doing this, they say, and you can’t stop us.
So he has smelled insides…but never this close up.  Never this fresh.  Blood mists the air as he strikes, copper tints overlying the rich tang of burning from outside, strong and vital as he breathes it in, sticking inside his nostrils, embedding itself to remind him of this moment forever.  The smells change as his stabbing arm becomes heavier and the knife impact further down his victim’s body: sickly-sweet as the heart is punctured; acidic as the stomach is torn open; piss and shit.
Underlying it all is the cloying stench of cheap perfume.  It’s intended to remind him of roses and honey, he supposes, but in reality it’s the aroma of desperation.  Any idea that a clean and scented body can superimpose itself over the horrors happening here must be desperate, and he wonders when she found the time or inclination to buy this.  He imagines what he is doing as some sort of alternative perfume advert for TV and almost smiles … almost … because then the mouth-watering smell of roasting human hits his nose from outside.  He wonders what he will eat tonight.  He swallows a mouthful of saliva and tastes death. 

He didn’t know he was going back until he opened the door of his flat and ventured out into the twilight.
The park closed at eight o’clock, but he knew plenty of ways in.  He spent a lot of his time wandering, day and night, and the park was always a convenient and innocuous venue.  No one would see him in there, if he so chose, and he could hide and watch and wonder just what he was missing.  Sometimes he saw someone walking on their own, but their expression was always happier than his own.  On other occasions he spotted couples sitting or strolling hand in hand, and they reminded him that he had forgotten so much.  Once he’d seen two people making love on a park bench, trying to be secretive about it but the woman’s increasingly frantic movements and gasps revealing their passion.  He had stayed and watched until the end.  The movements and sounds reminded him of the woman he had murdered, even though their cause had been much different.  Perhaps he knew why it was called the little death.
They had all made him mad, every single one of them.  Every word and gesture and smile that marked what they were doing to their country and kin as normal drove him into a frenzy.  He’d been sent there to protect them from themselves—he’d killed for them—and yet they willingly went about their continuous self destruction.
Sent there to protect them.  Ironic.
He walked along darkened streets, moving quicker through pools of light thrown by streetlamps.  He’d been here for a long time, the marks on his wall testified to that, but still he found his surroundings unfamiliar.  It was as if the scenery was frequently rebuilt and reordered, mostly to resemble its former self but with a few vital differences that prevented him from recognising it totally.  Stopped it from ever feeling like home.
He reached the park and climbed the wall at one of its lower stretches.  He could hear kids playing around near the bandstand, glass smashing as they lobbed bottles down the concrete steps, so he turned the other way.  The pond was just around the corner, and next to it the trees, and within their deeper evening shadows perhaps he would find the secret of why the woman had been there.
Ed looked up and saw the full moon, stars quivering with atmospheric distortion.  He tried to appreciate the beauty of the view but, as ever, he could not realise any sense of wonder.  It was long gone.  The shadows pooled around the bench he’d sat on earlier seemed deeper than normal, thicker, untouched by moon- or starlight.  He wondered whether someone had spilled something, but he had no wish to venture close enough to find out.  The shadows seemed…there.  Something, not nothing.  A definite presence rather than an absence of light.
Ed moved his head to get a full view with his peripheral vision.  He did not like what he saw, but then he rarely did.  Someone—perhaps it was his mother, although she was swallowed up along with most of his early memories—had once told him that if he was stressed or wound up he should see the beauty in things.  The movement of a tree, each leaf performing its own independent dance to create a wondrously pure choreography.  Or the way light fell on a puddle, a reflection of the world in there, a whole universe in a splash of water.
Roses swaying in the breeze, waves of that same breeze rippling across a field of long grass, a flock of birds twisting and turning like one organism, not a thousand.  All things of beauty, none of which Ed could see.  Now he would see only a stump blown apart by shellfire, a porridge of blood and oil in a landmine crater, a hand clawed in the still air … and his knife stealing what little beauty he’d managed to find in that foreign country.
Before they sent him there, he’d never even heard of the place.
“Look just to the side of what you want to see,” a voice said.  It was deep but evidently female, husky and knowledgeable.
Ed spun around, fearing an attack by the teenagers but knowing straight away that he’d found her.  Or rather, she’d found him.  He wished he’d stayed at home.  “Who’s there?”  He was not used to talking with people, and the quaver in his voice embarrassed him.  Scared of the dark, she’d think.  Maybe she was right.  Ed liked to exist in shadows, but perhaps it was his fear of them holding him there, a guilt-induced masochism.
“You saw me earlier.”  She came from the night beneath the trees, stopped a few steps from him and switched on a torch.  His vision was stolen for long seconds.  “Come back for another look?”
“I was wondering what you were doing.”  Ed could see the woman silhouetted before him.  She pointed the torch at the ground behind her, throwing her face into deep shadow.  He wondered whether she had two eyes, a nose, a mouth, or something wholly different.
“Why?”
It was not a question he had expected, although he’d been asking it for hours.  He was not used to interacting, and to find something of interest like this was a surprise.  Anything of pleasure would be mocking the life he had taken.  Sometimes, on the worst of days, even breathing felt bad.
Everything went back to that.  His life began in a foreign country when he was a murderous twenty-two.
“Well, you seemed so … intent.  What is it?  Animal research?  You filming squirrels, or something?” 
“I’m waiting for a murder.”
“Murder.”  Ed felt cold, his balls shrivelled and an icy, accusing finger drew a line down his back, nail cutting to the bone.  Murder.  One day he feared they’d come visiting , the fellow soldiers who’d brought him back and let him go, letting the incident fade into the shadows of war, honour amongst thieves, that sort of thing.  There’s always been that fear … but it was a yearning as well.  He could not bring himself to account for what he had done because he was a coward.  It would take someone else to do it for him.  Murder. 
“There’ll be one here soon.  That’s why I’m here.  I’m … sort of an early warning system, I suppose.  Dark, isn’t it?”
“Yes.”  He’d noticed.  The woman turned the torch off and for a moment, an instant, it was pitch black.  Then his night vision moved in and he could see the shadows forming around them.  The woman seemed nearer than she had been.  And when she spoke again he was sure he could smell her breath.
“They call me Queenie.”
“Why?”
“Avoidance Queen.  I avoid most of the important things in my life.”
“Like what?”  Ed saw her shadow shrug but she offered no response.  “So what’s your real name?”
“You can call me Queenie, too.”
“So what are you avoiding here?  Searching for a murderer, you say?”
“That’s not what I said.  I’m looking for a murder, not a murderer.”
Ed felt that she was playing games, but perhaps it was simply that most of his conversations were with himself.  He stepped back a couple of paces, shoes whispering across the soft carpet of pine needles.  The air felt thick.  Movement was difficult.  “You can’t have one without the other.”
“Well…”  She giggled quietly, little more than a heavy breath through her nose.  “Sometimes a murder is just a death brought on too soon.”
This was too close.  Ed felt memories tapping the inside of his skull like little insects, flying around and seeking escape, trying to force themselves upon him once again.  They often used devious means, these memories…jumping out of doorways and the TV screen, emerging fully-fledged from single phrases, smells and sounds and sights inspiring their own dark memory cousins.  He lived that time enough without actively bringing it on.
“I have to go,” he said.  The instant he spoke everything went quiet, a deathly silence, the air swallowing movement and sound and seemingly solidifying around him.  Even the shadow of the woman became solid and still, from living to statue in an instant.  He turned to leave.  She touched him.
“Don’t go,” she said.  Her fingers bit into his arm, but in desperation rather than anger.  “Please … I don’t get to talk about this much.  It’ll go dark, it always goes dark, and in the blackness there’s murder.  Please!  People just don’t listen, they say I’m mad and walk away.  Don’t walk away.”
“What are you doing?” Ed said.  Was she playing with him again?
“I’ve put light meters on the trees.  And time-lapse cameras.  I hope they aren’t stolen.  I’m waiting for it to go dark.”
Ed almost stayed.  She’d piqued his interest, demanded his attention.  Some of those things she was saying…Sometimes a murder is just a death brought on too soon … He wanted to become involved.
But he could not allow that.  He was nothing, no one, and he did not deserve anything like this.
“It is dark,” he said.  And as he walked away, trying not to hear her muttering behind him, he whispered to himself: “It’s always dark.”
*
She offered for him to taste her.  Maybe that’s why he’s killing her, but he thinks not.  Her underwear is still tangled around her ankles, and as if to taunt him the taste of women comes out from behind his teeth, dripping from the roof of his mouth like ghost memories burrowing down from his brain, laying tangy caresses on his tongue.  Perhaps if he’d accepted her invitation his rage would have been subsumed.  Maybe she would still be alive.  But time could not be reversed.  Drowning out that sweet taste of love is the bloody taste of death.
Her blood is in the air, misting when the knife comes out and permeating the dank atmosphere of the alley, more spilled blood in this bloody land, soon the air itself will taste of blood if the killing goes on, the hate and murder borne of the differences passed down from father to daughter, mother to son.  He wonders whether their respective gods find it all amusing.  And he tastes a bitter, furious anger swimming there in the blood, black spots of rage camouflaged in the very physical taint of the woman’s death.
He swallows, rubs his tongue against the roof of his mouth in an effort to distil the taste…because it scares him.  It scares him because he knows it cannot be his own, his anger is false because he does not truly know what these people are going through, why, what they really feel … his is a tourist’s rage at something that offends him, and it could never taste this bad.  He spits and it lands on the woman.  The taste grows worse.  Hands lay on his shoulders, heavy and invisible, but for now they do little but help him thrust the knife in again.  There is no one else here but him and the woman, but those hands have the feel of him, and the bitter tang of dread floods his mouth as blood arcs across his chin and teeth.  
This time, he knows the dread is his own.
And he sees what he has done.
*
Ed woke up from dark-soaked dreams to a dawn barely any lighter.  He glanced at the clock blinking beside his bed.  Must be wrong.  It should have been daylight by now.  Even through the hangover, the searing pain behind his eyes and in his throat that was testament to his binge the previous night, he knew he should be seeing more than this.
He rubbed his eyes but it did not help.
Queenie.  She sprang into his mind and ambushed his thoughts, turning them away from the urge to vomit and then drink some more.  If he went back to the park today she’d still be there.  Sitting beneath the trees perhaps, or adjusting the equipment she’d placed around the little copse, replacing batteries, examining film and data tapes.  Light meters?  Strange.
Ed managed to haul himself upright without puking, but then he stood and swayed as his senses spun and swapped places, and he vomited down the wall.  Standing there, leaning against the woodchip wallpaper as he heaved gushes of liquid poison from his guts, he noticed how each splinter of wood in the wallpaper had its own definite shadow.  Most of them were small, little more that smudges, but one or two of them seemed far too large.  As he gasped in air and tasted foulness, he picked at one of these wood chippings and felt it crumble between his fingernails like a desiccated fly.  He dropped the dust to land on the puddle of puke, and seconds later the shadows faded away.
Ed rubbed his eyes and sat heavily onto his bed.  He was used to waking like this, even welcomed it sometimes, but it often lowered whatever defences he’d managed to erect against the memories plaguing him.  Trying to rub the ache from his eyes he saw her face as she realised what he was about to do, her eyes widening and filling with something that would have scared him had he not had the upper hand.  Pinching his nose and snorting to force out the damp remnants of vomit, he smelled insides other than his own, parts of her that should never have been touched by daylight.  And the ringing in his ears, the rapid pumping of his heart as it struggled to purify his system, both could have belonged to her, a fearful whine and her heart galloping with fear.
It’ll go dark, it always goes dark, and in the blackness there’s murder.
Ed tried to revive himself because he needed to think, and like this it hurt.  He drank a pint of water and washed down three aspirins, opened the windows to his dank flat and leaned out to let the fresh air do its worst.  He could just about make out the park from here, its oldest and tallest trees peering over rooftops.  The sky was clear but the streets were shaded, not shadowed but unclear nonetheless.  The brightness of the day had been turned down.  Some cars had their sidelights on.  A young couple were standing on the street corner, whispering like lovers, but Ed thought not.  
There was a knock at the flat door.
He spun around and leaned back against the window sill to steady himself.  The knock came again and he nodded, yes, he hadn’t imagined it.  No one had come to his front door for years other than to collect monies due.  He usually had it to give them, but still he resented their intrusion into his own private world.  They looked at him like voyeurs, their eyes cameras to record and incriminate … or perhaps he just imagined it.
“Who is it?”
“It’s happening,” a voice said.  Queenie.  So much mystery in that one statement, so many possibilities (you’re caught, they know, you’re a murderer, time to run, run again).
“What’s happening?”
“It’s growing dark.  The light’s losing out, no one has noticed yet but all the readings hold up.  Let me in.  The landing light’s bust.”
Ed stepped to the door, drew the bolts and swung it open.  Queenie entered without an invite, wafting cheap perfume and the smell of cleaned clothes.  If she had slept in the park, she’d made an effort to be presentable before coming here this morning.
“Nice place,” she said, looking around at the scarred walls and the refuse littering the floor and tables, and Ed hated the sarcasm, really hated it, his resentment running deep.
“I live like I live.”
Queenie’s eyes widened
her eyes widened and filled with something fearful, frightening
and she started talking excitedly.  “The murder’s soon, it has to be, the darkness is here and soon it’ll be black, black as night without stars or moon, blacker than last night, but in the day.”  It sounded like she was looking forward to it.
“Eclipse?”
She shook her head.  “No, not eclipses.  Every time it’s happened before it’s been localised and has gone unreported, even from the authorities.  I’ve followed the places it’s happened, always got there after the event, been trying to narrow down future locations … find a pattern.”  She looked pensive for a moment, glanced around his flat at the mess of Ed’s life, then back at him.  “Maybe I’ve found it,” she whispered.  Then she became animated once more, excited.  “There’s been no film of it, little talk about it in the media.  Well, Fortean Times picks it up sometimes, of course, and other folks like that.”  She looked at him and, as if knowing how all but his worst memories were lost, she smiled.  “Blackouts.”
Ed frowned at this strange woman who seemed to have some sort of claim to him.  He’d seen her twice but already she was confiding in him, passing on something she was obviously passionate about, letting him in.  “I really don’t want any part of this,” he said, and even as he spoke it was a lie.  
She looked at him, eyebrows raised and lips pressed together.  “You’ll see it soon enough,” she said, and still he could not read her.
“Why should I see blackouts?”
“Why shouldn’t you?  You live here and this is where it’s going to--”
“But why do you think I of all people should see it?  Why … pick on me?”
Queenie was silent for a while.  She seemed confused.  “Well, I didn’t.  You came looking for me.”
Ed could only stare at her, standing in the middle of the room he had yet to invite her into.  And suddenly, amazingly, there was a stirring in his groin, a hardening so uncommon in all the years since his time in Eastern Europe, another use for the blood he now thought of as impure and tainted with the murder, the murderous attack it had fuelled.
That made up his mind.  “Out.” he said.
“But I have to tell you.  Don’t you want to know?  Don’t you understand what I’m saying here?”
“No I don’t, it’s a load of shit you’re trying to feed me, I don’t know what’s wrong with you and I really, really don’t want to know.  Out!”  He did want to know…
“But I’ve been told I can give you a chance.” 
Ed shook his head, loosening those strange words from where they had stuck.  Denying them.  It was just too complicated.  “Get out of my flat!” he hissed.
Queenie made to move toward him, faltered, took a step forward.  Ed really thought that she was coming for him, her hands would come up and she would hold him or hit him or something equally as inexplicable.  But after standing there for a few seconds, glancing out the window over Ed’s shoulder, looking into his eyes and searching for something in there, she turned and left.
The door snicked shut and Ed looked at the clock.  Not even midday.  
He picked up his knife from the bedside table, looked for an unmarked spread of wall and carved in his mark for today.

And kept carving.  Silent, his breathing even, his eyes open but unseeing, hands clenched around the haft but unfeeling, the scratch, scratch, scratch going unheard, Ed carved days that never were into his wall, spanning midnights and middays without blinking, weeks passing with only a spot of blood where he’d nicked his finger, the wall filling faster and faster as months sliced by.
Fooling himself, an ironic deception, with cuts.
By one o’clock, when he opened his first bottle of wine and stared at the sun hanging weakly in the clear blue sky and the shadows hunkering unreasonably around doorways and beneath cars in the street down below, Ed had been in the flat for another six months.

Four o’clock came.  Ed had consumed two bottles of wine and was slowly working his way into a third.  Bad Hungarian red.  There’d been a scare a while back about anti-freeze in the wine, poisonous, bad for you, and Ed had been concerned and worried.  That was before he’d been sent to Eastern Europe.  Now, he wished it were true.  Not brave enough to take his own life, he often thought that a freak death like that would be rather poetic. 
As usual when he got drunk it was not the shimmering loss-of-control felt by most other people.  His limbs went numb, yes, and his voice would undoubtedly slur had he cause to use it, but the main effects were more insidious.  He felt the light leaving him.  Both metaphorically and literally his light was fleeing, bleeding from organs pickled and ruined by bad alcohol: metaphorically, because he was losing the last dregs of hope, decency and guilt that still held out against the dark cancer of his soul; and literally, because on occasion he saw the dark.
He could never have mentioned that to Queenie.  He rarely even remembered because it happened so infrequently.
He saw the dark.
Shades of grey where there should be colour.  Light bulbs fading and flickering as if gauze was being waved before them, the black gauze of mourning, not wedding-white.  Shadows sitting in the sun.  And just as soon as he became sober the next day he forgot about it, cast it back into the depths of his mind where other memories dwelt like monstrous sea creatures, cruising the darkness and rising only occasionally to assault the small barren island his life had become.
Strangely enough, he did not feel under siege.  Sometimes it was the exact opposite; sometimes, he thought he was a threat to everyone else.
*
He can see her.  Obviously he can, he’s murdering her after all, but he can really see her.  Not the composite image of a human being our brains usually perceive—that face, those grey-green eyes, two arms, birth-mark on the neck…all go together to make someone we know and whom we never really see— but the actuality of her as a person made up of many, many things.
He’s destroying those things, slicing them asunder as if working on an item in a biology class, and perhaps this is why he sees her as she really is.  Because her eyes are wide open and filled with something he hates, hates and fears, while she is still alive they are filled with anger and rage and something that can only be a curse, a horrible look that he wants to slice out, the look of someone who has won, someone who knows that victory is not hers now but will be in the future.   So he slashes at her eyes and it takes several stabs before they both go.  Her right arms begins to twitch, jumping on the concrete paving slabs, blood is pulsing from several cuts down near her hand where she’d initially tried fending him off, and every now and then her limbs enter his peripheral vision like curious ghosts watching over his shoulder.
He feels the rage rising, something so basic and pure that he fears it more than he can understand, because it is not his own.  He can almost see it.  Black spots dance before his eyes, speckling in and out of existence like flies popping in and out of the dying woman’s flesh.  At first he thinks they are in his eyes, because he’s in a white-hot panic as he keeps stabbing, slashing, gouging.  But then he blinks and wipes blood from his face with his left hand, and the spots are still there.  He moves his head from side to side and they do not move with him. They are separate from him, more of the woman than him, and her rage must be far, far more powerful than his own.
He realises then how pathetic and self-obsessed his murdering this woman is.  As if he could possibly solve anything by taking one more life, a life he had come here to protect at that.  But he sees the knife rise and fall, rise and fall, sees flesh opening up, sees parts of the woman that should never have been seen, ever.  When he was young he’d peel a banana and think I’m the first and last human to ever lay eyes on this piece of fruit flesh.  Now he is the first and last to see a different flesh.  He feels the warm dampness of it on his skin.  And the rage rages on.

Ed surfaced slowly from another drunken, dream-filled slumber to find that it was early evening.  And at the window in his flat’s messy living room, something was fluttering against the glass.
He sat up quickly, trying to shake the fuzziness from his eyes, and he listened for the scraping across the glass.  There was nothing.  He stood, pulled the net curtain aside and thought he saw a bird.  It took a few seconds to realise that whatever was out there was not solid.  It was like a breeze given form, physical yet with nothing firm enough to be seen, stalking across the glass, trying to gain access.
“Get lost,” Ed said, opening the window.  The thing dissipated when there was no longer glass between them.  Perhaps it had been a shadow cast from somewhere far off.
The street was quiet and still, but Ed saw that things were wrong.  The dark, he thought, it’s the dark come before the murder, but he was thinking in Queenie’s voice. 
He needed to go and find her.  He needed to know what she knew of the dark.  The dark, and the rage he sensed was drawing near again. 
He left his flat as he had so many times before—without hope.

Outside, night was forcing daylight into hiding.  House windows no longer reflected the cloud-smeared sky, the cars and people travelling through the streets or the facades of buildings standing opposite.  Now they were black, as if the light had already been sucked from the buildings’ innards leaving only a void to press against the glass on the inside.  Ed sensed a pressure behind these windows—he could almost see the glass bowing outwards—and he walked closer to them.  Moving away from the road towards a more noticeable danger felt good.  Once or twice he thought he saw himself reflected in there, but the light was fading fast now and he could just have been a shadow.  Perhaps it was even someone walking behind him, keeping step, but when he glanced over his shoulder he was alone. 
The animals knew that something was amiss.  Pigeons huddled together on window sills, heads tucked beneath wings but looking up frequently, unable to sleep.  Occasionally some of them would take flight, as if touched by nothing that could be seen.  Cats sat behind several windows observing the street, watching the pigeons roost and panic, their heads turning here and there, none of them licking their paws, none outside in the street.  There were no dogs sniffing along the gutter or pissing against garden walls, no magpies or crows or sparrows fighting over the remains of burgers trodden into pavements, no bees buzzing between gardens, no flies aiming for nostrils or eyes.
Another flock of pigeons lifted from a garage roof, their wings applauding the strange silence that had fallen over the streets.  Even though cars travelled back and forth and people walked the pavements, sounds did not seem to echo, and Ed constantly brushed at his ears as if expecting some deadening material to be draped there.  A car passed ten feet away, but its motor could have been coming from the next street.  He coughed and felt it thrum through his head and chest, but its sound was dull and muted.  He saw other people acting in the same bemused manner: rubbing their ears; watching cars drift quietly by; stamping feet or making some other noise to test their perceived deafness.  It was as if the air was thickening, damping sound and diluting echoes into dull mumbles of what they should have been.
Cars approaching from the direction of the park had their headlights on full.  Those moving the other way soon turned theirs on as well.  The traffic was moving even slower than the usual rush-hour crawl.
Ed left the residential street and walked past the first of the shops.  A man was busy pulling down a shutter and padlocking it into place, glancing warily over his shoulder as Ed approached.  
“Who are you?” the man asked.
“No one.”  
“Something’s going to happen,” the man said, eyes dancing in their sockets like loose ball-bearings.  He couldn’t keep his gaze in one place.  “Something soon, and something bad.  Maybe there’ll be a riot.  Do you think there’s going to be a riot?”
Ed looked along the shopping street at the cars wending their way home, the people minding their own business even more than usual as they hurried, heads down, inexplicably trying not to bring attention to themselves.  “I quite doubt it,” he said, but the man was already hurrying away.
A motorcycle passed by accompanied by an explosion of shadows.  They buzzed the bike like the dregs of a bad dream, black butterflies, negative snow, but totally without form.  The motorcyclist was waving his left hand around his head, flicking his hand at the air as if trying to sign to someone behind him.  Ed watched his hand and wondered what he meant. 
The shards of shadow darted at the rider’s helmet…and disappeared.
Ed saw what was about to happen but he could do nothing to help it.  He tried to draw breath but it was like breathing in the middle of a thick fog.  His lungs felt heavy and full, but not with air.  And then the bike flipped sideways, the rider left his mount, the machine hurtled up onto the pavement and through a shop window—the smashing of glass sounding like wind-chimes in the distance—and the street came to a standstill.
At last, Ed could shout.  “Watch out!” he croaked, realising how foolish it sounded now.  Realising too that he had allowed someone else to die.  If only he had shouted … if only he had been able to warn…  The man lay half-beneath a parked car, his helmet askew on his head, the car body dented where he had impacted.  Someone was kneeling beside him and reaching for the helmet and lifting the visor, tugging, taking it off…
Ed ran across the street, not wanting to see what gushed out when the man’s head was released.  He dodged between the stalled cars and the drivers staring in blatant fascination at the scene unfolding in the gutter behind him.  He did not look at any of them.  He knew what they were feeling because he felt it himself sometimes, a revelling in the pain of others that helped him live with his own agonies.  It was necessary, he supposed, and it kept him going however much he had no desire to carry on.  They were shocked, and excited, and pleased that their own troubles had been unloaded—for however long—on someone else.  Something strange was happening right here and now, but a man was dying in the road.  For a while, that would obsess these people and give them an escape.
Looking down, Ed saw shadows writhing across his legs as he ran through the beams of car headlights.  They seems to be stitched into his trousers, swathes of dark fluttering behind him like loose cloth.  He ran on without looking down again.
“Oh God!” he thought he heard from behind him, but it may as well have been a cry from hidden memory.
He had to find Queenie.  Night was falling too early.  And try as he might, Ed could not shake the ever-increasing certainty that he had seen it all before. 

He can feel blood on his hands.  The hard haft of the knife in his right hand counterpoints the warm wet thing he holds in his left, his palm pressed flat to the body’s chest to hold it against the wall as he drives the blade home, again and again.  A few moments ago he could still feel its heart beating, but that gave out with a spasm as if the big muscle was trying to force the knife back out with its own violence.  The blood from there seemed warmer than the rest, more sticky, like sweet treacle instead of runny syrup.
The body is sliding down the wall so he pushes harder, trying to keep it upright, his blows striking its shoulders and neck as it moves down, then its chin and face.  His finger slips inside a cut as he pushes and he turns it around in there.  He can’t help comparing the feeling with one more loving and sensuous.  Something scratches his finger a bone splintered by the heavy knife and he moves away, letting the body slump to the ground.  His face is dripping with sweat, cool where sprayed blood dries there, soon to be a crust, cracking and flaking away like red autumn leaves.
Something else settles around him.  Heavy and dark and intimate, it reaches out formless hands to steady him, or perhaps to push him down.  It enters his throat and makes it hard to breathe.  For a second he feels a sudden, total rush of antagonism, fear and hate…unbridled hate…and then he is running.  His feet slap on the pavement, rain taps patient fingers on his forehead and scalp, there’s plenty of time, it says, and his clothes catch and scrape where he is sweating.  He is running. Again.

As he reached the park the dark had already won.
The street lamps were still on but their light was weak.  Car headlights struggled to part the air, their beams all but ineffectual now.  Since running from the crashed motorcycle Ed had seen two cars hugging lampposts, and another one burning where it had come to rest on its roof. Burning, blazing, the stench of roasting meat bringing back dreadful memories, the sight of flames … but the flames looked weak and far away as if he was viewing them on a video tape, a copy of a copy of a copy.  They appeared weaker than they should, too.  Perhaps the fuel was trying its best not to burn today.
The normal had changed.  People were not coping.
And then he wondered why he was running.  He was searching for Queenie because she’d told him about this, and deep inside beneath those noxious memories he thought he knew much more than he’d like to believe.  But he’d just seen someone die, smelled more people burning in their crashed car, and even then he could hear the muffled sound of smashing glass and a scream, penetrating the darkness as effectively as a sigh into a pillow.  He sought danger, felt more comfortable in its presence, so why was he running?  Why not stand still and let it come?  He would not fight.  He would accept whatever the darkness had chosen for him because he knew it, he had seen it 
(and smelled it and tasted it)
and although he could not accurately recall when and where, he knew it must have been at the murder.  When he was killing that woman, subsumed by his own rage and impotence and anger, the darkness must have touched him.
But a greater rage had been with him as well, something far beyond his own.  
And that curse in her eyes.
He climbed the wall.  The park was much darker than he had ever seen it.  No stars peered through the cloud cover, no street light bled through the railings, but Ed knew where to go.  He’d been there before and she would be there now.  He would find his way in the dark. 
“Can you feel it?” Queenie said as he neared the copse of trees.  “Can you feel the rage?”
Ed stopped and tried to locate the voice.  It had come from his left, he thought, over where the trees gave way to the shrubbery bordering the stream.  He paused, held his breath and waited for her to talk again.
She whispered in his right ear.  “I’ve never known it so powerful.”  She touched his shoulder and walked behind him, drawing her hand across the back of his neck and scratching him with her nails.  It was not sexual, he knew that right away, because it hurt.  She was trying to hurt him and he didn’t know why.
“What’s happening?” he asked.  If felt like a foolish thing to say.  He should know.  But right now, standing here in total darkness, a strange woman threatening him and turning him on, he was more confused than ever.  
“I’ve always arrived afterwards.”  He could smell her breath, garlic and staleness, no vanity there.  “After the event, watched them clean up the bodies and take them away, seen them put it down to just another murder.”  Her voice sounded stronger than it had before, and the more excited she became the accent.  He’d not noticed it before now, perhaps because it brought back way too many memories.  She was foreign but her grasp of English was perfect.  Ed wondered if she knew that she was letting it slip.  “But with each one the blackouts lasted longer, because they were searching … searching for you, Ed.”
“Me?”  He could taste her hate.  “Me?”  He felt her breath caress his ear and neck.  She was standing so close that her heat touched him in waves. 
“You fuck.”  She spoke quietly but her voice was loud with venom and anger, and rage.  And her accent, far from distorting her words, made them all the more clear to him.
“You’ve tracked me down,” he said, wondering if Queenie was a daughter or a niece to the woman he had killed.  In a way, he was glad.  He waited for the attack.
“I didn’t.  They did.  My mother and the other dead.  You’re not as invisible as you  think.  Every time you kill she sees, and she knows your mark, and together…they track you again.  It takes time.  But they find you.”
They?
“Their hate for you blocks out the sun.”
Ed stared up into the blackness and wondered just what he was looking at.  “I don’t understand.”
“Murderer.”
“Yes …. But I still don’t understand.  Was she your mother?  I can’t see you.  I’m so sorry, whoever she was I’m so sorry, but I’ve lived with it … really, it’s destroyed me, you don’t know how much.”  He should have been crying, but he felt nothing, no sympathy or regret.  He thought of all the things that could have been, but he could not remember any of them.
“Destroyed you?”  Her voice was breaking now, rage giving way to tears and perhaps increasing because of that.  “Destroyed you?  I identified … I named my mother by looking at her jewellery.  That’s why we knew it wasn’t just another ethnic killing in that bloody war: she still had her jewellery.  Anyone else would have taken it.  Destroyed?  She was ruined.  I couldn’t even look her in the face to say goodbye.”  She sobbed as a memory came back.  “It was gone.”
Ed opened his mouth but there was nothing he could say.  Darkness flooded in and sent searing pain into his teeth, dried his tongue.  Why was she Queenie, the Avoidance Queen?  Her life?  All of it?  Maybe she’d shunned her future just to do this, track him.
“So now you’ve found me—”
“They’ve found you.  My greatest desire—my fantasy, my dream—is to see you in pain caused by me.  It’s what I’ve given up everything to achieve.  But I dare not argue with them.  They have much more reason.”
They, they, they?
She touched him again, a calloused hand coming around his throat to hurt but not kill—there were others ready to do that, more in the dark than Queenie—and Ed reacted quickly.  He grabbed her wrist and twisted, brought his other arm around to strike out at where he thought she should be.  His fist connected with something, he didn’t know if it was hair or her woollen sweater, and then he was running through the park, the ground invisible but still there for now, and behind him he heard Queenie shouting something after him but, thankfully, her voice was lost.
He had to get home.  Back to the flat, to relative safety, before she found him again.  Before they found him … whoever they were.  Already he could sense faces pressing against his mind, demanding entrance, requiring acknowledgement.  They were still too far away to recognise.
Still running, he came to the park wall.  The level of the ground was raised almost to the wall coping, but on the other side there was a five foot drop into the street.  Ed tripped over the head of the wall and fell out into space, arms pinwheeling, a frantic squeal escaping him for a second before he struck the pavement below.  His head met with the kerb, and it was only as he faded into a stunned daze that light seemed to offer itself, a flash of white pain from inside.  In that light, as if borne of it, memories swam and enlarged, vicious memories of that time years ago when he had changed and destroyed his own life by taking someone else’s.
But they were all wrong…
The woman lying on the compacted mud floor, yes, the smell of burning outside, her eyes cursing him as the knife came down again—
And the woman, already a corpse, pressed against a wall with one hand while the other carves in, her blood running down his arm beneath his sleeve, coating his teeth as it sprays—
And  blood staining the clean white sheets beneath her as it rains outside, the stink of the city rising up as the violent storm washes them from the gutters—
And the knife grates as it slips from her outstretched hand and calls sparks from the pavement down by the river
And in the back of the car, thinking she was there for something else, his shoulder and head pressed awkwardly against the roof as he tries to swing his arm back and forth, back again…
And others.
One tastes of cinnamon, another smells of vanilla; one feels cool and calm  even under his attack, another is hot and fevered; one goes quietly, another sounds like a steam engine whistle as she screams…
Others.  Many others.
And with all of them, the fury and rage.

Ed came around, dizzy with the shock of memory and the impact of this skull on the pavement.
What was he?  What kind of animal, monster … he should stay where he was, wait for the sad heart of this darkness to find him and exact the revenge it had been seeking for years.  Growing all the time, expanding, because every time it drew near he repeated his crime, fed it a fresh rage to find him with next time, more anger, and in a way he supposed he was providing for his own punishment. 
So he should wait and submit…
But there was still time.  It was looking for him, a deeper shadow in this blackness, even now he could hear a scream as someone was picked up and tosses away when the dark realised it had the wrong person.
I should submit ... I’m an animal ... all those people, all that life…there’s still time…I should die…I can escape…I’ll let her, let them kill me…I can find light again.
Confused, crying, terrified, wretched, Ed felt his way along the boundary wall of the park, knowing he was going the right way.  Cowardice and an instinct for survival—really for Ed they had become one and the same—drove him on.  If Queenie was following he did not hear her or sense her, and she would be as blind as him.  He wondered what time it was and whether anyone was even doing anything about this, this weird darkness that had fallen, no stars no moon no lights, artificial light swallowed and beaten back like clouds of leaves before a hurricane.  And he realised that he did not care.  Because no one could do anything.
This was all for him.
He ran, letting go of the wall and launching himself into space.  He tried to steer by sound and touch alone, but every mutter he heard became the scream of one of his victims, every thud of his foot on the road was a knife driving home.  He ran through the landscape of his murders, remembering more than he ever thought he could have forgotten.  And there were always more memories to come.
Ed found his way home, read the house number by touch, kicked open the front door, ran up to his flat.  He had no idea how.  He wondered, as he fumbled the handle, how many times he had done this before.
He flicked on his light, expecting nothing, and seeing only a ghost before him.
“Mother!” Queenie shouted, screamed.  “Mother, he’s here, get him, get him!”
“Shush!” Ed hissed, almost laughing at how ridiculous that sounded.
“Mother!”  She screamed again and again, the drastically weakened effect of the ceiling lights making her seem almost transparent, a smudge on his vision, nothing more.  
“Just stop!” Ed shouted.  He could hardly hear himself.  Maybe the dark was eating at his ears, burrowing in to reach his brain because she, and they, had found him already.  He wondered how many…
“How many?” he asked, but Queenie was screaming louder now, her own voice and rage seemingly able to penetrate the damping effects of this blackness, rattling the windows and setting his hair on end.
“Mother, mother, mother!”
He scrambled around, looking for the doorway and escape, hand alighting on something else entirely.
“Mother, mother…”
He lunged at her, the knife an extension of his fear.
“Mother ...”  And then Queenie was quiet.
He worked for five minutes, reminded of all the smells and tastes and sounds that haunted his memory, and taking in some new ones.  Once or twice, as Queenie slid further down, the knife went straight through to the wall, marking a few more bloody days in his life.
He left the flat, feeling his way through the dark ,feeling it thicker around his neck and heavier on his eyes, wondering just when it would become too hard to push through, too there.  But it never did.
He felt the rage, old angers rising and a fresh, new hatred giving the blackness an electric edge.  “Sorry Queenie,” he whispered, but really he wasn’t sorry at all.
Perhaps soon, when the memories were lost again, he’d imagine that he was.

He found his way to the back door of the block of flats.  It was rarely used and he had to kick it open, but outside he ran straight into a car.  He could barely breathe now, they were coming, and pure instinct drove him on even though he knew he was finished.  Like a man putting his hands over his head to save himself from a falling building, Ed continued to fight and struggle on.  To pause, to wait for the inevitable, was too much for him to do.  He was too scared.
He opened the car door, reached in and found a torch.  And it was only when he clicked it on – shining it around the car at the other torches, batteries, gas lamps, flares, fireworks, cans of petrol – that he realised it was his own.

Ed carved another niche in the timber panelling above his bed.  There were over two thousand scratches there already.  It still didn’t feel like home.
He waited for the timber to bleed red sap, but there was none, it was dry.  He expected this every time, and every time it did not happen.  Yet the fear was always just as fresh.  Sometimes he believed that every memory he had was made up, a whole lifetime manufactured in his sleep and given vent in his waking hours. 
The only real memory, the one he could taste and smell and feel, was of the murder that had changed his life.


THE END

Tim Lebbon is the award-winning British author of 30 books of fantasy and horror, including Echo City, The Island, and The Chamber of Ten (with Christopher Golden). Sveral of his works have been optioned for film. His e-book Until She Sleeps is available from Generation Next Publications.

Return to Table of Contents
###


THE DEVIL'S DOORMEN
By Scott Nicholson

It was a laugh riot, that's what it was.
Elliott threw his almost-empty beer can against the wall and watched with satisfaction as the liquid spattered over the sea-green wallpaper and trailed down the wainscoting to the oak floor. His mom had turned his bedroom into a guest room the day after he had shipped out to Athens to attend college. Another one of her bright ideas, pretending that he'd never be back, that she'd finally pushed him out of the nest for good, that the Devil's Doormen were barred and bolted out.
Right, Mom, you old bitch.
Elliott yelled at the walls, "Get rid of me, paper over my memory, slap on a fresh coat of paint, just wax me away like a fucking stain."
He'd lasted until midterm in his first semester, then he discovered that the school administration, just like his mom, expected him to apply himself. Expected him to show results. Expected him to make the grade.
A laugh riot, was what it was. He dug the college life, enjoyed the copious drugs that flowed through the campus like bad blood through a girdled vein, reveled in the endless supply of willing bedmates, and got off on the bustling and bristling music scene. The bands in Athens rocked. They had teeth.
But free food was free food. And in the dormitory, nobody dropped in during the day to make up his bed and pick his crusted laundry off the floor. Sure, his roommate was a good and constant sex toy with a cute mustache, but he missed dear old Mom and her loyal maid service.
"There's no place like home," he said, leaning back on the pillows. He reached his right hand into his underwear and fondled himself. With his left, he reached for another brew, twisting it free of the half-empty six-pack ring. He heard his mom vacuuming upstairs, probably humming some opera crap to herself while she kept the big house spotless. The house his old man had driven himself to a heart attack over, because he had to have the biggest, the best, the most expensive of everything.
How the old man had hated his only son. He wanted a protégé, a well-scrubbed go-getter, a shining knight. And he'd gotten . . . Elliott. Over the years, Elliott had watched his father's face caving in, as hope soured into disappointment and then decayed into disgust. Elliott contributed to his stress, and his eventual fatal heart attack, and that knowledge gave Elliott no small amount of joy.
Elliott reluctantly moved his hand from his crotch and popped the tab on his beer. He looked up at his Ozzy Osborne poster, at the bat-munching king of metal himself sweating and thrusting his arrogant crotch amidst the multi-colored manufactured fogs that swirled across the stage. That's what Elliott wanted to be, more than anything else in the world.
A rock god, a paint-faced poster child for everything that was wrong with the world.
His Gibson SG Special leaned against the night stand. The bitch of the business was that you had to practice. The fans and record producers and people who mattered actually expected you to know the notes. Just slapping at the strings with the amp cranked up to ten-and-a-half didn't seem to move them at all.
Elliott grinned to himself. At least his music moved the potted plants off the kitchen windowsill, if nothing else. The kitchen was next to the garage, and the garage was loaded to the ceiling with amplifiers, speakers, racks, and sound gear, the best that Mommy's money could buy. Elliott had gotten his old group back together. They didn't need much convincing. All it took was the promise of free beer.
He looked at his alarm clock. A quarter to two. The guys were late again. Practice was scheduled for one, but this was a particularly slack-assed bunch. They'd be straggling in sometime during the next half-hour
Elliott raised off the bed and ran a hand over his buzz cut. His hair was finally starting to grow back. He had gone for the skinhead look just before leaving for college, complete with spiked tongue and skullbone earring. His mom had even paid for his haircut.
Sometimes she was understanding, even if she was still a bitch. And sometimes she just turned his stomach. Especially when she tried to be cool, or, even worse, loving. She'd asked for a lock of his curly golden hair, to put in his "memory book," she said. She'd always been big on hanging his baby pictures above the mantel and that kind of motherly crap.
"I'll be praying for you," she said when he left.
He humored her. He found that if he humored her once in a while, she was quicker and more generous with his allowance. And she'd only brought up the subject of him getting a job once since he'd been home. So if giving her a lock of hair or hiding in his room while her friends were over for bridge kept her off his back, he was more than happy to oblige.
Elliott grabbed his guitar around the neck and walked down the hall. May as well get in a few chops before the band arrived. If he was going to be both lead guitarist and lead singer, he needed to put in a little overtime. His mom was putting the vacuum back into the closet as he passed the kitchen.
"Hi, honey," she said pleasantly. It irritated him, her air of tulips and plug-in deodorizers, the sunshine in her face and the dazzling white of her perfect teeth.
"Hi " he muttered. "Gonna practice now "
"That's nice, dear."
He stopped by the fridge and lifted a six-pack from the bottom drawer before stepping into the garage. It was dark in there, even in the middle of the day. Elliott had painted the windows black to make the place creepier. He tripped over a mike cable and dropped the beer, skinning his knee. He cursed and fumbled along the floor until he found the power strip and flicked it on.
Twin red spotlights cut through the room, glinting off silver knobs and switches and drumheads and gooseneck mike stands. A fucking rock 'n roll paradise, that's what it was. Elliott felt a shiver dance up his spine. He lit a cigarette and the smoke swirled like a sick ghost.
The side door banged open and Bennie came in, Bennie the living skeleton, who wore a black leather vest over his too-taut ribskin. He was too hetero for Elliott's taste, but then, Elliott hadn't gotten around to tasting him yet. Bennie played bass, when he wasn't unconscious. He wiped at his eternally-dripping nose.
"Yo, E-Man," he spewed, "you ready to rock?"
Elliott nodded. He needed to come up with a good stage name. "Elliott Everhart III" just didn't cut it. He couldn't picture it on the cover of Rolling Stone, alongside the likes of Slash and Axl Rose. Bennie was "Bennie Blade." Fred, the rhythm guitarist, went by "Freddie Krueger." Fred had even worked up some razor-fingered mittens with the ends cut off so he could work the fret board. Pretty cool little gimmick, in Elliott's opinion.
Sammy the drummer had gone with the one-name thing, calling himself "Fourskins," after the number of drums in his kit. So Elliott was a little jealous, even if he had come up with what he thought was a pretty kicking name for a metal band.
The Devil's Doormen.
He closed his eyes and saw the words as clearly as he'd first seen them. He’d never had much of an imagination, but that night, Shortly after he'd come back home, he'd been freaked on a combination of bad acid and Valium. He felt like he was meat-surfing along the edge of an endless razor, his teeth in the imaginary gray breeze and his ears hearing low whispers. And the words had written themselves across the wall, in wet red letters across that baby-shit-green wallpaper. The Devil's Doormen.
Elliott took it as a sign. He had tried to believe in the devil and do some of that Satanic ritual crap. He even had a book on witchcraft and spellcasting on his shelf. But he found that when you got right down to it, devil worship was just as troublesome and demanding as Christianity. Just more fucking rules, as far as he could tell. Still, it was a useful aura for a rock star, a marketable label, and it drew the babes and studs like . . . well, like flies.
Elliott heard the squeal of rubber on pavement, then the crash of a garbage can tipping over. The rest of the band had arrived. Fourskins staggered in, looking like he'd caught up with plenty of free beer already. Freddie followed, slapping the inside of his elbow as if he was preparing to shoot up some skag. He stooped and grabbed one of the beers, and foam exploded in his pale face as he ripped the tab.
Elliott flashed them the goat-head sign in greeting, lifting his hand with the pinkie and forefinger raised and his thumb tucked over the other two fingers. He plugged in his guitar, listening to the screech of feedback as he twisted up the gain. He walked over to a mike as Foreskins flopped behind his drum kit and began rattling his sticks as if they were legbones.
"Let's get ready to fucking RUM-BULLLLLLLLLL," Elliott bellowed into the mike, and the Devil's Doormen scratched and clawed their way into a stripped-down off-key version of "Hell's Bells."

"How did practice go today, sweetheart?" his mom asked, setting a plate in front of him. On the plate was a piece of tuna casserole, lightly breaded and perfectly square. Mashed potatoes on the side, smooth as a baby's cheek, and green beans, each bean the exact same length. Elliott shoveled in a forkful of potatoes and talked around the food.
"Sucked. Freddie was a half-beat behind the whole damned day." Elliott took a swig of beer and licked the gravy off his lips.
"You boys sounded . . . improved," she said, flashing that Proctor & Gamble smile.
"Can't get a fucking gig in this town, anyway. All these rednecks around here want to hear is watered-down bluegrass or that wussy horn stuff."
"Well, it's important to follow your dreams." She delicately wiped her mouth with a napkin. "Stick-to-it-iveness is a virtue. You’ve just got to have faith."
"Shit, mom. I'm twenty-one fucking years old. Just about 
ready to be turned out to pasture, in rock years."
"There's a time for every purpose under heaven, honey."
She reached across the table and patted his hand. Her skin felt like lotioned wax fruit. He ate in silence.
"By the way, were you in the walnut bureau today?" she said, batting her thick eyelashes. "Somebody left one of the drawers open, and I didn't want to mess with it in case it was you. You know how I respect your privacy."
Yeah, right, you plastic bitch, Elliott thought? Is that why you keep messing around in my room when I'm gone? Like I wouldn't notice?
He wiped his mouth on the tablecloth and belched. A speck of green bean shot across the table, sticking to the Dutch windmill saltshaker.
"Let me go look," he said He stumbled a little getting up.  
This alcoholism was starting to fuck with him, but it was vital to his image. He crossed the living room and started pulling open the bureau drawers. The top two were so clean, with folded linens and neat rows of dinner candles, a mouse would be afraid to fart in them. But when he slid open the bottom one, a sweet coppery odor sucker-punched his nostrils.
"What the fuck?" he shouted to no one.
In the drawer lay a rooster's head, ragged red around its hacked neck and one black eye staring sightlessly at Elliott. Its comb flopped limply to one side, and a small congealing clot of crimson pooled under the orange beak.
It had to be that sniff monkey, Bennie. Bennie had made several trips into the house during practice, saying he needed to freshen up the beer supply or take a whiz. Most likely he'd rummaged under the sink for some aerosols to snort. But he was known to pull a prank or two, when he stirred his scrambled brains together enough to suffer an actual idea.
"It's got to be that asshole Bennie, Mom. You know, the bass player," Elliott yelled toward the dining room. The shock had worn off, and now he started to see the humor in the situation. Irony, too. He started snickering. He'd have to remember this scene, when they shot the first Devil's Doormen video.
There was silence for a moment, and Elliot knew she was chewing her food. Chew every mouthful twenty times before swallowing.
"Well, honey, you know I don't mind cleaning up after you boys, but I wish you would keep it to the garage. What if Mrs. Greensdorf found a mess when she came over for bridge? She'd likely have a fainting spell."
That was a sight that Elliott would pay money to see. But he was thinking of asking for a new car. The odometer on his Corvette had just rolled over 50,000 miles. So he made up the kind of horseshit lie that she'd expect.
"Sorry, Mom. I'll tell the guys that the living room is off limits from now on," he said.
"That would be nice, dear," she chirped, like a robin in the heat of spring.
Elliott went to his room, leaving the dishes for his mother to clean. He wondered where the hell Bennie had found a live chicken. Probably stolen it somewhere, snatched it up from the side of a midnight road.
That Bennie. He was a laugh riot.

No way, man.
Elliott flipped through his composition book, the one where he wrote down song lyrics. Fucking pentagrams on every page, scrawled in red marker across his own cramped handwriting. Somebody had been dicking with his stuff.
He had gone into the garage before bedtime, to twist a joint and finish off his latest original. "Black Hole," he was calling it, and he knew the chorus went "Black hole, black hole, sucking down my mortal soul." But he'd looked in the notebook to check out the first verse because he thought he'd scribbled three or four good lines. And he'd seen the pentagrams.
He'd have to wring Bennie's scrawny neck tomorrow, if the weasel even made it to practice. Staging practical jokes were one thing, but vandalizing Elliott's artistic creations was another. Sure, Bennie was more into that devil worship crap than the others, but that didn't give him the right to rub it in their faces. Sometimes he was so unholier-than-thou.
Bennie actually believed he'd made a deal with the devil. That he'd traded his soul for rock stardom. And because of his sacrifice, the Devil's Doormen were destined for success. But Bennie wanted the others to join in, too, to hold Black Masses and burn candles and get pentagrams tattooed on their chests. What a load of goat shit.
Elliott tucked the notebook under his arm and smoked his joint. The buzz sent its blue electricity through his veins. He swayed among the mike stands, lulled by inaudible power ballads. His thoughts spilled over themselves in babbling waterfalls and his eyes played stone red music tricks. He could almost see the shadows moving in the corners of the garage.
"Wait a sec," he said to himself, his voice small and swallowed by the cavernous dark, "Shadows don't move."
He held his breath. The room was still.
"Giving myself the fucking creeps," Elliott said, trying to giggle to himself. But in his nervousness, the laugh came out as a dry gurgle. He edged toward the kitchen door, keeping one eye on the shadows. He almost welcomed the antiseptic white of the gleaming kitchen.
Under the stale, ordinary fluorescent lights, he could almost convince himself that he had seen nothing. Elliott Everhart, bastard child of night, the embodiment of blasphemy, afraid of the dark? Mister Macho cowering like a little girl in a spookhouse? Badass death-rocker running to Mommy because he had a scary?
It was a fucking laugh riot. He giggled again, this time with more gusto. He'd finish the lyrics in his room, so he could put on the headphones and bust his cranium with Black Sabbath and Def Leppard tunes.
His mother was in the living room. She looked up as he passed, and Elliott saw her heart-shaped face, green in the television's glow. A tinny laugh track clattered across the room, probably from "The Dick Van Dyke Show" or "My Three Sons."
"Hi, honey," she said, adjusting the cover of the armrest that had slipped a couple of inches forward. "Turning in for the night?"
"Yeah, Mom," he said. "Working on a song. You know."
She smiled, all pearls and pink lips.
"I'm so proud of my little boy," she said. "So dedicated, so driven. Just like your father, God rest his soul."
Yeah, whatever, Elliott thought. He was about to turn his back, but then he remembered the new Corvette. Might be a good time to lather the old bitch up. He went into the room and sat in a stiff armchair. It was so clean that it squeaked.
"Mom?" he said, trying to soften his clenched face.
"What, dear?" Her eyes were on the flickering screen, dead 
and too-alive at the same time.
"I just wanted to tell you that it's good to be back. You know being home and stuff. I missed you."
"That's nice, dear."
"And you seem happier than ever. You're looking real 
healthy. And nothing seems to bother you."
Which was so true that it was creepy. She'd always ragged his ass about everything, from the drugs to his bone-buddies' underwear hanging on his doorknob to the soap he always forgot to put back in the soap dish. But lately she'd had the patience of a saint.
"Thank you, Elliott. I've been praying. For both of us."
She flicked her dull eyes from the television, then back again. What a ditzy bitch, thought Elliot. As he left the room, he heard her joining in with the laugh track.

What the hell?
He'd been dreaming, he was sure. One of those drunken dreams, stumblefucked and grass-green.
Laughter, thin and rattling, like the studio audience on his Mom’s stupid shows.
A man’s voice, deep and gravelly, cut through the clatter.
A squeal came, followed by a cry of pain.
Mom.
Elliott fumbled for the lamp, knocking over his guitar in the dark. He turned the switch and the light reamed his eyes. He blinked at the door. Something smelled like rotten eggs scrambled on a steaming sewer grate.
Mom screamed again, then grunted. Glass crashed at the far end of the hall.
Somebody must have broken in, attacked her, maybe was raping her right this minute.
He should have bought a gun down at the pawn shop, but instead he’d gone for a wah-wah pedal. Fat lot of good that would do. But he did have one weapon. They didn’t call it an "axe" for nothing.
He gripped the neck of the Gibson and swung the guitar in front of him, testing its weight. Heavy enough to bash the brains of a burglar.
He could see the headlines now: "Rocker Rescues Mother." The publicity would probably get him a record deal. And Mom would be so grateful, she’d get him that Corvette for sure.
He crept down the hall, guitar on his shoulder. He stopped outside his mom’s door.
More laughter. What the hell?
And a grunt, a squeaking-squeaking-squeaking, a rhythm tighter than anything Fourskins had ever laid down. The man’s voice again, a deranged chuckle.
Mom screamed, and Elliott kicked open the door.
Whoa. Must be a bad acid flashback.
His mom was propped on the bed, bent over on hands and knees, cheek pressed a rumpled pillow, fingers tangled in the sheets. Stooped behind her was a seven-foot-tall hunk of Alpo with fur.
Elliott blinked. The two figures were pounding away, Mom thrusting back against the fuzzy red meat behind her. Her slick and sweaty skin was strobed by the flickering television. Dr. Phil was telling a couple to get real, but neither Mom nor her partner was listening.
The hunk of Alpo pulled away from Mom with a slurping sound. Its eyes opened and stared at Elliott.
"The fuck’s going on?" Elliott managed to say.
Mom lifted her head from the pillow and smiled at him. The Alpo Dude grinned, too, but its teeth were much sharper than Mom’s. Its phallus gleamed, slimy and barbed, the size of a twenty-four-ounce beer can.
"We both needed a man in our lives," Mom said.
Elliott raised the guitar, his pulse shit-kicking through his veins as if he’d mainlined crystal meth. When he spoke, his voice came out like a fairy squeak. "The fuck?"
"I found your book," his mom said. She laughed, screamed, grunted, as the Alpo thing slid itself inside her again. "Ah, the lengths a mother will go to make her son's dreams come true."
Elliott looked past the bed. Jesus Henry Fucking Christ the KING on a goddamned CRUTCH. 
Bennie was suspended from the ceiling by a rope tied around his ankles. His throat was cut, the blood dribbling down his chin, nose, forehead, and along a wet spike of hair into a bucket on the floor.
"The spells weren't as hard as I thought they would be," Mom said. She sighed as Alpo Dude picked up the pace, knocking the headboard against the wall with his pounding. "Except—ugh—a chicken head—ugh—wasn’t strong enough,"
A hot wind had risen inside the house. Alpo Dude winked one yellow eye. 
"Prayers—ooh—do get answered," Mom gasped. "Especially if you—uh, uh, uh—say them backwards."
"Holy shit," Elliott said. Alpo Dude was the Main Man, the Big Guy, the Fallen Angel himself. The creature paused in its assault on the woman who had given birth to Elliott. 
"That’s my mom you’re drilling," Elliott said.
"A deal’s a deal," Alpo Dude said.
"Deal?" Elliott looked from his mom to the guitar. He was no longer afraid.
The guitar had grown lighter, and a sick but pleasurable electricity surged through his hands. He moved the guitar down to his waist, partly to hide his own erection, partly to get the neck into playing position.
Mom squirmed and wriggled, and the smile never left her face. "You don’t have to practice anymore," she said.
Alpo Dude thrust forward, shouting "Do it, E-Man."
Elliott plucked an open string, and it shrieked like a deflowered banshee, even without an amplifier. He fingered a D chord and ran his thumb down the strings. Brittle thunder erupted and smoke billowed from his palms. He tried an arpeggio, and it was Page, Clapton, Hendrix, Robert Johnson, and Angus Young all rolled into one.
A deal was a deal. He’d gladly hold up his end of the bargain, and it looked like Mom was plenty happy with her end. Alpo Dude wasn’t complaining, either.
E-Man, the Devil’s Doorman, worked his fingers in sync with the banging of the headboard. Alpo Dude’s laughter provided the bass line and Mom’s squeals added counterpoint. As the crescendo rose, he decided to try the vocals for "Black Hole."
He couldn’t tell whether the sound that tore from his throat was a scream or the first line to the baddest rock song in the history of the world.
And another star was born.


THE END
Return to Table of Contents
###


SKIN
By Scott Nicholson


Cold.
But that was wrong.
Should have been hot.
Fire lick orange. That was the last thing Roger remembered, until now.
Along with the chill, other sensations seeped into the murky pool of his thoughts.
Pain. A sheet of razors and barbed wire across his chest, an iron maiden mask closed on his face, sixty volts of electricity running through the fluids in his veins. Ground glass in his trachea when he tried to breath. Behind his eyelids, jagged lime and lemon shapes slicing at the jelly of his eyeballs.
"Moo fwing okay?" Words from somewhere above his seething cauldron of agony, muffled by what? The upholstery of his coffin? The idea of being dead made Roger panic, and he tried to open his eyes. A wedge of brightness cut across his vision like a saber. Tears welled, and the salt made his face erupt in fresh hurt.
A moist cloth descended and wiped softly at his eyelids. Cold. He shivered.
"Welcome back." A shape now, fuzzy, large, pale. Over him. He blinked twice and saw her. A woman in white, her face an oval blur.
Roger started to ask her where, what, why. But he could only gurgle weakly. There was a tube in his throat. He tried to push his tongue out to his lips, but the meat in his mouth was swollen. 
"Take it easy, Mr. Fremont. You're going to be just fine." The words were as soothing as a vanilla milkshake.
Nurse. She was a nurse, not Grandma Roselli. So he wasn't dead after all. He felt a draft, saw another shape join the first. Another woman, this one wearing a drab turquoise apron.
"He's awake," said the first. The new arrival bent over him. She wrinkled her nose at the scent of his cooked flesh.
"Hello, Mr. Fremont," she said, and her words were frosty, clotted, like a daiquiri. "I'm Doctor Ghalani. You're a very lucky man, though you might not think so at the moment. But we'll have you back on your feet in no time."
He tried to speak again, and this time managed a grunt. 
"Save your strength. Burns take a long time to heal, so the best thing for you to do is learn how to be patient."
Patient. Burns. Doctor. The fire.
"I'm sorry we can't give you any painkillers," said the female voice. "Unfortunately, the systemic injuries are so severe that we can't risk burdening your respiratory system. But maybe in a day or two..."
Day or two? How long had he been lying under this sharp sheet? That meant somebody else was running the restaurant, probably skimming money from the register. Or else the insurance company was ripping him off by finding some obscure clause in his fire coverage.
Roger tried to raise himself off the bed. His body was a water balloon. The effort undulated uselessly down to his lower limbs, awakening dormant nerve endings. The waves rebounded and raced to his brain, carrying fishhooks and shark's teeth and sharp broken coral in on the tide. This time his throat and tongue worked, but the scream was gargled and weak.
"Don't try to move," Dr. Ghalani said. "You'll heal faster if you stay still and let your body do its work."
Roger wept again, but this time no wet cloth came to his rescue. He didn't trust women. Grandma Roselli said they were leeches, wanting only blood and money. And a woman doctor was worst of all.
Dr. Ghalani turned to the nurse. "It's time for another scraping, then we can change his bandages."
Roger heard a sound that was unmistakable to someone who had cooked for fourteen years: the rattle of cutlery on stainless steel. He felt a tug on his abdomen, and a liquid tearing noise reached his ears a split second before the pain hit. Sparks of fluorescent custard yellow and vivid red jumped the wires in his brain. They were flaying him.
He tried to turn his head, to scream, to run, but he was beached, bloated. He saw another shape in the corner, and his last thought was that the medical team had called in an extra hand to help shred his flesh from his bones. Then he passed out.

The fire.
He should have known better than to throw water on a grease fire. But the grill and deep fryers and stoves were all fueled by propane. If the fire reached the tank...
Explosion.
His eyes snapped open. The dull greenish striplights above stared back without pity. How long? He shifted his gaze to the window. Black, so it must be night.
The shape in the corner. A doctor? Nurse? Roger tried to call out, but his vocal chords were still knotted. 
The shape moved. Was he injured so badly that he required constant supervision? This was going to cost him a bundle. Grandma Roselli said that modern medicine was just highway robbery without the highway. Chicken blood and bone powder and a little prayer were the best cures.
He shivered, his body icy. That didn't make sense. How could you be cold when you were burned? And why did his body feel so thick? He'd always been lean, despite the lure of an endless supply of available food. Now the thought of food sliding down his raw throat almost made him want to vomit, and if he vomited when he couldn't turn his head, he might choke. Even if his stomach were empty, just the convulsions jarring his body would be a hellish torture.
He wished the shadow-person would come to his bedside and murmur some placating words. Even if they were lies. He wouldn't mind having his eyelids wiped. And now that he was fully awake, he became aware of the itch.
Not just a single itch. A thousand feathertips were at his flesh, tickling, quivering, probing. He was lying on straw. He was dressed in burlap, with fiberglass insulation stuffed down his collar and cuffs.
He wished the person would scratch him, plow his skin with a weedrake. He managed a groan, hoping the noise would bring the caregiver closer. No luck. What kind of hospital were they running here? No painkillers, no attention, and probably a hefty daily charge for all the needles and tubes that were jabbed into his body. 
Itching. Waiting. The night didn't move. Neither did the shadow-shape.
He thought of the years he'd spent working his way from dishwasher to restaurant owner, how everybody had wanted a piece of him, a handout. Well, he only wanted what was his. And the hospital officials and the insurance company were probably working together to make sure they took everything from him. The anger added to his discomfort and kept him from sleeping.
After what seemed to be years, the window grayed, then brightened. Morning. The corner where the shadow had been was now empty. Dr. Ghalani came into the room.
"And how are we today, Mr. Fremont?" She sounded like a bird, cheery, happy. She wasn't the one who was suspended in sawdust and wool and nails and shrapnel. He wheezed a complaint.
"Don't try to speak." She looked at the machines above the bed, wrote some numbers on a clipboard. "Your blood pressure is up. You're on the mend."
She peeled back what felt like a carpet's-thickness of Roger's flesh, though surely it was only the gauze she was lifting. He squeaked like a rat caught in a trap.
"Looks like the graft is taking." The doctor sounded pleased with herself.
Graft? She must have seen his eyes widen.
"Skin graft. To allow your own skin a chance to grow back. You might feel a little itching, but it's only natural."
Roger guessed she'd never been a burn victim herself. There was nothing natural about his "little itching." What did she care? She was getting paid the same whether he lived or died.
He licked his lips and felt ragged tissue. There were bandages on his face. How much of him was burned? Did he have eyebrows?
Was his face damaged? He hadn't been the most handsome guy around, but he'd grown accustomed to the slab of skin and cartilage that had stared back at him from the mirror all his life. And what was a guy besides his face?
It figured. Grandma had warned that the world was out to get them. He'd developed a tough hide, but maybe not tough enough.
A moan rose from his heavy chest. Dr. Ghalani patted him gently on a part of his body that must have been his arm. She didn't wipe his tears. "Don't worry. We'll have you good as new before you know it."
Someone else came in the room. A nurse, different from the first one. "His respiration and EKG are strong enough now that we can give him some morphine in his drip," Dr. Ghalani said to the nurse. Dr. Ghalani was reeling off some dosage instructions, but Roger had shifted his attention across the room, to the shadow in the corner.
It wasn't medical personnel. The shadow wasn't wearing white. The shadow was red, the color of a peeled tomato. A visitor? Why would anyone visit him, unless it was to borrow money or steal his wallet?
Grandma Roselli would visit him, to mumble prayers and rub potions on his feet. But she was dead. The only person he could ever trust. The only person who hadn't wanted a piece of him.
He tried to focus on the visitor, but his vision blurred. Then he was soaring in ice water, swimming in blue sky, swelling like a summer cloud, riding a rainbow sled into unconsciousness.

The tube was gone from Roger's mouth when he awoke. The window was black, meaning he'd slept through the day. The pain was nothing but a dull steady throb, like the itching, both merely background noise to his buzzing brain. He could move his arms a little under the sheet. They felt like sausages.
Roger raised his head and looked in the corner. The red shadowy visitor was there, standing. Probably a claims agent from the insurance company, come to give him the shaft while he was too weak to fight back. Roger tried his voice.
"Heeeey," he wheezed. His lungs raged with the effort of drawing air. The red shadow shifted a step closer, almost into the full glare of the fluorescent lights. The door to the room swiveled open, blocking Roger's view of the shadow.
The nurse came in, the one who had spoken to him when he first regained consciousness in the hospital. He remembered how she had wiped around his eyes with the damp cloth. He tried to smile at her, then realized that he probably had no lips.
"Well, hello, Mr. Fremont," she said. "I hear you're coming along just fine."
"Huh...hello," he whispered.
"So we're talking now. That's wonderful." She checked the machines. Roger smelled her perfume, and it was a pleasant change from the days or weeks of smelling his own barbecued flesh and the burn ointments. Then he remembered the visitor in the corner.
"The vultures can't...wait," he said. His throat was dry but he was overjoyed to be able to make words again. Now he could tell those doctors and lawyers and crooks what he thought of them.
"Sutures? They'll be out soon."
She'd misunderstood. He tried to raise his hand and point, but she lightly touched his arm. "Now, now, mustn't stretch the grafts, Mr. Fremont. The new skin is still trying to make itself at home."
Home. He'd read about how they took skin from a different area of a person's body for transplants during plastic surgery or burn treatment. But he didn't have enough healthy skin left to provide his own. His entire upper body was encased in bandages, along with his face. They'd probably given him the most costly treatment ever invented. 
"Swollen." He had trouble enunciating the labials.
"It's your body's way of fighting off infection. Your immune system is sending plasma and antibodies to the injured areas. Nothing to worry about." She lifted a bandage from his chest and peered at the burns.
 "Nu—'nother nurse?" He rolled his eyes to the place where the shadow had been.
"No, there's not another nurse. I'm afraid you're stuck with little old me tonight." She checked his drip, and Roger felt the first stirrings of disorientation. "Rest easy now," she said, walking toward the door.
Roger wanted to call her back, to tell her not to go, he itched, he was in pain, anything to make her stay. But already his tongue felt thick and alien in his mouth, as if he were sucking on cotton. The door swung closed.
The red shadow was silent in the corner. It stepped forward. Roger was glad he still had eyelids. He clamped them down and tried to remember how to pray. He thought of Grandma Roselli, how she knelt beside his bed when he was young, clutching her beads and crosses in her gnarled fingers. What were her words?
He almost remembered by the time he finally fell asleep.

"You're much improved, Roger," Dr. Ghalani said. She was calling him by his first name now. To Roger, that was a sign that he'd been in the hospital far too long.
"The burns," he said. "How bad?"
"Unfortunately, some were third degree, meaning the damage reached the fat and muscle. Other areas weren't as severely affected."
Roger could raise his bandaged arms now. He looked like a mummy in an old Universal movie, one of the goofy ones with Abbott and Costello. The skin under the wraps was trying to merge with his meat. He had to know.
"Where...the skin for the grafts." Needles and razors were in his throat. "Whose was it?"
"Donor skin. Ideally, we would use your own skin, but in this case, the injuries were too widespread."
"Donor?"
Dr. Ghalani pursed her thin lips as if coming to a decision. "Taken from cadavers."
So he was inside another person's skin. The person who was standing in the corner, the wet shadow, the thing that was watching with bright wide eyes.
Because he remembered one of Grandma Roselli's stories. About how a person couldn't get into heaven unless they had all their body parts, because God wanted His angels to come inside the Pearly Gates all beautiful and whole and perfect. And those that lost a part were doomed to walk the earth until they were able to reunite their bodies and thus their souls.
Dr. Ghalani must have seen the fear light his eyes. "It's perfectly safe. The skin is tested for infectious diseases before being removed. It protects your body until your own epidermal layers have a chance to rebuild themselves."
Roger trembled under his sheet.
"Cold? Your regulatory system is still trying to regain its ability to control body temperature. I'll have the nurse turn up the thermostat." She gave a professional smile. "I believe you're scheduled to begin your physical rehabilitation today. I'll bet you're looking forward to getting out of that bed for a while."
Roger gulped some sharp air and looked at the red thing in the corner. No, it wasn't in the corner anymore. It was closer, near enough for Roger to see the gleam of its teeth against the pink of the gums. Its eyes were naked glass. The lack of lips gave the thing a gleeful grin.
"I've got to finish my rounds, Roger," the doctor said. "See you later."
She whirled and stood face-to-face with the red shadow. She didn't scream. She walked through it and out the door.
The thing drifted closer. Roger could smell it now, a decaying corruption mingled with the coppery odor of blood. Stipples of red fluid stood out from the bands of gristle.
"Go away," Roger whispered. Grandma's stories were just old folk tales. Ghosts weren't real. "You're not real."
The red corpse's grin deepened. It was ten feet away now.
The door swiveled open. A short man with muscular hairy arms came in the room. "Hi, Roger. Ready to get back on your feet?"
Roger was more than ready. He wanted to regain the ability to run.
"We'll take it slow today," the therapist said. "Maybe get you down for a workout by the end of the week."
The corpse watched as the man eased Roger out of bed. Roger watched back. As the therapist waltzed Roger and worked his limbs, Roger had the feeling that the corpse also wanted a spot on his dance card.
Night came, as always, too soon. The ward was quiet, not even the squeak of stretcher wheels in the hallway outside. The red thing had maintained its vigil. Now it sat in a chair beside Roger's bed. Sweat moistened Roger's bandages in the places where the skin was undamaged enough to exude liquid.
Roger felt much better. He had a new theory, one that made more sense than Grandma's strange beliefs. It was the drugs doing it, making him have hallucinations. Good, expensive drugs.
A low-voltage shock of worry tingled in the back of his mind, about how the corpse had appeared before the drugs were administered. But that period was hazy, just a long agonizing fog. Pain was probably just as much of a mental trickster as drugs. Sure, that was it. He might as well amuse himself, to help pass the time.
"H—hello," Roger said. The corpse only slumped lower in the chair.
Strips of tendon and muscle stretched over the red thing's skeletal frame. The corpse wasn't entirely skinned: it looked as if it were wearing gloves. As if whoever had performed the butchery avoided the areas that were too troublesome to peel.
"I know why you're here," Roger said. The corpse grinned wetly, showing too many teeth.
"I'm sorry about what they did." Roger tried to roll over, but his body was too weak to respond. Dr. Ghalani said he was getting better. Then why was he so tired?
"It was on me when I regained consciousness." The raw face with its too-wide eyes leaned closer. One of the skin-gloved hands reached out to Roger's chest.
Roger tried to duck away, but the metal rails kept him imprisoned in the bed. He screamed, but no sound came from his throat. Only a bad dream, he told himself. Only a bad dream. That's why the scream didn't bring hospital staff running.
The hand was on him now, its fingernails probing into the moist bandages. The funk of rot mingled with the smell of salve. The cold hand was now in contact with Roger's chest, Roger's skin.
No, not my skin, Roger thought. His skin.
A rattle of cutlery.
There was no pain as the blade sliced into the flesh. Roger heard the scraping noises even over the pounding of his heart in his ears. The scalpel slid lower, across Roger's stomach, the thing's other hand scooping and clawing as it followed the instrument. Then the hand went up, around the sides, to the edges of the healthy skin.
Roger tried to scream again, but his mouth was cloth, his tongue cotton. He closed his eyes, but the snick-snick of the flaying only grew louder. And the fingers were on his neck. The blade raked a seam up to Roger's chin, then to his mouth.
Roger looked at the red thing's eyes. They were lifeless, without pity, but a grim determination shone in the tiny pupils. The hand worked its way along his cheek. Silver flashed as the blade scraped up to his temples and across his forehead.
Roger tensed as the instrument stroked near his eyes. If the thing wanted revenge, it could choose a hundred places. His face, his exposed lips, his ears. Claim a scalp. Or down below, things at lower regions.
But the corpse only peeled up to the beginning of Roger's hairline, where the skin grafts stopped. Then the dead thing gathered the loose skin in its arms and stepped away from Roger's bed. It stood for a moment under the fluorescent lights, its gleaming flesh in contrast to the pile of pale material clasped to its chest. Its eyes met Roger's, and there was no relief or gratitude in them. Nothing.
As it turned and shuffled back into the shadows, Roger realized that the naked corpse had recovered only a portion of its skin, that it still wasn't dressed for heaven. It would have to make other stops.
Roger closed his eyes and practiced praying.

"Very good." Dr. Ghalani put the bandages back in place. Another doctor stood beside her, tall and with a thick mustache. He looked and smelled expensive. Two doctors for the price of three, probably. 
"Good?" Roger thought she would notice that the skin grafts were gone.
"Yes. Your own skin is growing back. The graft is sloughing off."
"Sloughing?"
"The body always rejects foreign skin. It's only a temporary cover to give you time to heal."
Foreign skin. If that was good news, why wasn't she smiling? Did the insurance bills not clear? 
"How are you feeling?" she asked.
"Fine." Much better, now that the corpse was gone. Now that he had only his own skin to worry about. "Except I'm a little tired."
Dr. Ghalani frowned. "Yes. Something showed up in your tests."
"Tests?"
"The metabolic strain from the burns. Your regulatory system was severely damaged. We've moved fast on this. You're luckier than most."
Roger tried to swallow, but felt as if a pill the size of a football was lodged in his throat.
"I'm afraid there's been permanent liver damage."
Roger looked from Dr. Ghalani to the new doctor.
"This is Dr. Wood," she said. "He's here to talk to you about your transplant."
Roger's scream awoke a donor's gutted corpse six hundred miles away.


THE END
Return to Table of Contents
###


THE HOUNDS OF LOVE
By Scott Nicholson

Dexter licked his lips. His stomach was shivery. October was brown and yellow and crackly and tasted like candy corn. He knelt by the hutch that Dad had built back before the restraining order was filed.
He touched the welt under his eye. The wound felt like a busted plum and stung where the flesh had split open. Mom had accidentally left her thumb sticking out of her fist when she hit him. She hadn't meant to do it. Usually, she was careful when she punched him.
But one good thing about Mom, she didn't hold a grudge for long. She'd turned on the television and opened a beer, and after the next commercial break had forgotten all about him. It was easy to sneak out the back door.
Dexter poked some fresh blades of grass through the silver squares of wire. The rabbit flashed its buck teeth and wrinkled its nose before clamping down on the grass and hopping to the back of the hutch. It crouched in the shadows and chewed with a sideways gnashing of its jaws. The black eyes stared straight ahead. They looked like doll's eyes, dead and cold and stupid.
Dexter's stomach was still puke-shivery. He opened the cage and snaked his hand inside. The rabbit hopped away and kept chewing. Dexter stroked the soft fur between the rabbit's eyes.
Gotta tell 'em that you love 'em.
He snatched the leathery ears and pulled the rabbit forward into the light. He held it that way for a moment, like a magician dangling a trick above a hat, as it spasmed and kicked its four white legs. This was October, after all, the month when anything could happen. Even stupid old magic, if you dressed like a dork in a wizard’s cape for Halloween.
Dexter looked over his shoulder at the house. Mom was most likely passed out by now. After all, it was four o'clock in the afternoon. But Dexter had learned from his dad that it never hurt to be paranoid.
He tucked the rabbit under his windbreaker and crossed the backyard into the woods. When he reached the safety of the trees, he took the leash from his pocket. This was the tricky part. With his tongue hanging out from concentration, he squeezed the rabbit between his knees.
He pressed harder until he heard something snap and the rabbit's back legs hung limp. He almost puked then, almost wept, but his first tear rolled across the split skin beneath his eye and he got angry again. "I'll teach you better than to love me," he whispered, his breath ragged.
It was the rabbit's fault. The dumb creature shouldn't have tried to love him. The rabbit was trying to get him, to play the trick on him, to make him care. Well, he wasn't going to belong to nothing or nobody.
Dexter used both hands to attach the leather collar. The collar had belonged to his little redbone hound. Uncle Clem let Dexter have the pick of the litter. Dexter had chosen the one with the belly taut from milk that wagged its thin rope of a tail whenever Dexter patted its head. Dexter had named it Turd Factory. Well, stupid old Turd Factory didn't need the collar anymore.
Dexter fastened the collar and let the rabbit drop to the ground. It rolled on its side and twitched its front legs. Sometimes they died too fast, sometimes before he even started. Dexter headed deeper into the woods, dragging the rabbit behind him by the leash. It was a hundred feet to the clearing where he liked to play. There, the sun broke through the tree-limbs and a shallow creek spilled over the rocks. Dexter squinted at the scraps of the sky, his eye almost swollen shut now. The clearing smelled like autumn mud and rot, the magic odors of buried secrets. 
Dexter tightened the leash around the rabbit's neck until its veins bulged. He put one hand under the soft white chest and felt the trip-hammering heart that was trying to pump blood through the tourniquet. The rabbit began kicking its front legs again, throwing leaves and dark forest dirt into the air.
This was the part Dexter hated. The fear that came to the animals sooner or later as he tortured them, that little frantic spark in the eyes. The desperation and submission as they gave all that they had. Stupid things, they made him sick, they made him want to throw up. It was all their fault.
Dexter opened the pocketknife and went to work. This one was a relief. The rabbit had started out scared and stayed scared, paid for loving him without a whimper. Dexter was blind from tears by the time he finished.
He buried the carcass between the roots of a big oak tree. Right next to old Turd Factory. Dexter washed his hands in the creek. It was almost dinnertime. He turned and walked back through the clearing, past the depressions of soil where he had buried the other animals.
His own little pet cemetery. He had seen that movie. It had given him the creeps, but not badly enough to make him give up his hobby. Plus, by the time he was finished with them, no chunk was big enough to stand up by itself, much less walk.
Three cats were underground here, two of them compliments of dear old Grandma. She'd given him the rabbit as an Easter present. He'd swiped a rooster from a caved-in coop up the road, but he didn't think he'd be pulling any more of those jobs. The rooster had spurred him, plus the dumb bird had squawked and clucked loud enough to wake the dead. There was a box turtle buried somewhere around. But that had mostly been a mercy killing. Mom kept pouring beer into its water.
Same with the goldfish. He told her he'd flushed them down the toilet. Goldfish were boring, though. They didn't scream or whimper. They didn't make him want to throw up while they bled. They were too dumb to love.
Dexter giggled at the thought of a goldfish coming back from the dead and haunting him. He'd like to see that in a movie someday. The Revenge of the Zombie Fish. He wiped his eyes dry and headed down the trail to the house.
Mom was boiling some macaroni when he came in the back door. She wiped at her nose as she opened a can of cheese sauce. The sight of her moist fingers on the can opener killed Dexter's appetite. He sat down at the table and toyed with an empty milk carton.
She must have passed out in her clothes again. They were wrinkled and smelled like rancid lard. "Where you been, honey?" she asked.
"Out playing."
"Where?"
"Out," he said. "You know."
She slid a plate of steaming macaroni in front of him. Dexter could see dried egg yolk clinging to the edge of the plate. "How was school?"
"The usual."
"Hmm. What you going to be for Halloween?"
"I don’t know. I’m getting too old for dress-up and make-believe." 
"Whatever." She opened the refrigerator. It was empty except for a dozen cans of beer, a wilted stalk of celery, and something in a Tupperware dish that had a carpet of green stuff across the top.
Dexter watched as she cracked a beer. She was red. Her hands were red, her face was red, her eyes were red.
"You not hungry?" she asked.
"No. Maybe later."
"Well, you need to eat. You'll get me in trouble with Social Services again."
"To hell with them."
"Dexter! If your Grandma heard that kind of language—"
–the old bag would probably slap me upside the head.
But the good thing about Grandma, she always felt guilty afterwards. She would go out and buy something nice to make up for it. Like the pocketknife or the BB gun. Or a new pet.
He didn't mind if Grandma made his ears ring. At least with her, there was profit in it. With Mom or Dad, all he got was a scar to show for it. Maybe Grandma loved him most. He picked up his fork and scooted some noodles around.
"That's a good boy," Mom said. She bent and kissed him on top of the head. Her breath smelled like a casket full of molded grain. "Your eye's looking better. Swelling ought to be down by tomorrow. At least enough for you to go to school."
Dexter smiled weakly and shoved some macaroni in his mouth. He chewed until she left the room. The telephone rang. Mom must have finally had it reconnected.
"Hello?" he heard her say.
Dexter looked at her. He could tell by her crinkled forehead that Dad was on the other end, trying to worm his way back into the bed he'd paid for with the sweat of his goddamned brow, under the roof he'd laid with his own two motherfucking hands. And no snotty-eyed bitch had a right to keep him out of his own goddamned house and away from his only son. Now that it was getting toward winter—
"You know you're not supposed to be calling me," she said into the phone. She bit her lip as Dad responded with what was most likely a stream of cusswords.
That was the problem with Dad. No subtlety. If only he'd play it smooth and easy, pretending to care about her, he'd be back in no time. And after a few months of acting, family life could go back to the way it was before. Back to normal.
But the bastard couldn't control himself. Why couldn't he just shut up and pretend to love her? It was easy. Everybody else was doing it.
Riley Baldwin down the road said that was the secret. The word "love."
"Gotta tell 'em that you love 'em," he always said, with all the wisdom of an extra year and two more inches of height. "Works like magic."
Said love had gotten him a hand up under Tammy Lynn Goolsby's dress. Inside her panties, even. And Grandma said she loved Dexter. Of course, that was different, that kind of love gave you presents. Love got you what you wanted, if you used it right, even if it hurt sometimes.
"Don't you dare set foot near this place or I'll call the cops," Mom screeched into the phone. Her face turned from red to a bruised shade of purple.
She stuttered into the phone a couple of times and slammed the handset down, then drained the last half of her beer. As she went past him to get to the refrigerator, she didn't notice that Dexter hadn't eaten his dinner. He slipped away to his tiny cluttered bedroom and closed the door. He stayed there until Mom had time to pass out again. He fell asleep listening to her snores and the racket of the television.
Nobody said a word about his black eye at school the next day. Riley was waiting for him when he got off the bus. Riley had skipped. Dexter wished he could, too, but he didn't want Mom to get another visit from the Social Services people, showing up in their squeaky shoes and perfume and acting like they knew how to run a family they didn't belong to.
"Got my .22 hid in the woods," Riley said, showing the gaps in his teeth as he grinned. His eyes gleamed under the shade of his Caterpillar ball cap.
"Cool, dude. Let me get my BB gun."
Riley waited by the back door. Dexter dropped his books in a pool of gray grease on the dining room table, then got his gun out of his room. Mom wasn't around. Maybe she'd gotten one of her boyfriends to make a liquor run to the county line. A note was stuck to the refrigerator, in Mom’s wobbly handwriting: "Stay out of trouble. Love you."
Dexter joined Riley and they went into the woods. Riley retrieved his gun from where he had buried it under some leaves. He tapped his pocket and something rattled. "Got a half box of bullets."
"Killed anything with that yet?"
"Nope. But maybe I can get one of those stripedy-assed chipmunks."
"Them things are quick."
"Hey, a little blood sacrifice is all it takes."
"What do you mean?"
"Breaking it in right." Riley patted the barrel of the gun. "Making them pay for messing with me."
Riley led the way down the trail, through Dexter's pet cemetery and over the creek. Dexter followed in his buddy's footsteps, watching the tips of his own brown boots. October hung in scraps of yellow and red on the trees. The shadows of the trees grew longer and thicker as the sun slipped down the sky.
  Riley stopped after a few minutes of silent stalking. "What's up with your dad?" he asked.
"Not much. Same old."
"That must be a pain in the ass, seeing him every other weekend or so."
"Yeah. He ain't figured out the game."
"What game?"
"You know. Love. Like you said."
"Oh, yeah. Gotta tell 'em that you love 'em."
"If he played the game, we wouldn't have Social Services messing around all the time."
"Them sons of bitches are all alike. The cops, the truant officers, the principal. It don't matter what the fuck you do. They always get you anyway."
"I reckon so." Dexter's stomach was starting to hurt. He changed the subject. "What was it like, with Tammy Lynn?"
Riley's face stretched into a jack-o'-lantern leer and he thrust out his bony chest. "Hey, she'll let me do anything. All you got to do is love ‘em. I know how to reach 'em down deep."
"Did she let you....?"
Riley twiddled his fingers in the air, then held them to his nose and sniffed.
"What about the other stuff?" Dexter asked.
"That's next, buddy-row. As soon as I want it."
"Why don't you want to? I thought you said she'd do anything."
Riley's thick eyebrows lowered, shading the rage that glinted in his eyes. He turned and started back down the trail toward the creek. "Ain't no damned birds left to shoot. Your loud-assed yakking has scared them all away."
Dexter hurried after him. The edge of the sky was red and golden. The forest was darker now, and the moist evening air had softened the leaves under their feet. Mom would be waking up soon to start on her second drunk of the day.
They walked in silence, Riley hunched over with his rifle tilted toward the ground, Dexter trailing like a puppy that had been kicked by its master. It was nearly dark when they reached the clearing. Riley jumped over the creek and looked back. His eyes flashed, but his face was nothing but sharp shadows.
Dexter hurdled the creek, caving in a section of muddy bank and nearly sliding into the water. He grabbed a root with one hand and scrambled up on his elbows and knees, his belly on the rim of the bank. When he looked up, Riley was pointing the rifle at him. Dad had taught Dexter about gun safety, and the first rule, the main rule, was to never point a loaded gun at somebody. Even a dickwit like Riley ought to know that.
"You ever kill anybody?" Riley was wearing his jack-o'-lantern expression again, but this time the grin was full of jagged darkness.
"Kill anybody?" Dexter tried not to whimper. He didn't want Riley to know how scared he was.
"Blood sacrifice."
Riley was just crazy enough to kill him, to leave him out here leaking in the night, on the same ground where Dexter had carved up a dozen animals. Dexter tried to think of how Dad would handle this situation. "Quit screwing around, Riley."
"If I want to screw around, I'll do it with Tammy Lynn."
"I didn't mean nothing when I said that."
"I can get it any time I want it."
"Sure, sure," Dexter was talking too fast, but he couldn't stop the words. He focused on the tip of Riley’s boot, the scuffed leather and the smear of grease. "You know how to tell 'em. You’re the magic man."
Riley lowered the gun a little. "Damn straight."
It was almost as if Dexter were talking to the boot, he was close enough to kiss it. "Just gotta tell 'em that you love 'em, right?"
Riley laughed then, and cool sweat trickled down the back of Dexter's neck. Maybe Dexter wasn't going to die after all, here among the bones and rotten meat of his victims. The boot moved away and Dexter dared to look up. Riley was among the thicket of holly and laurel now, the gun pointed away, and Dexter scrambled to his feet.
He saw for the first time how creepy the clearing was, with the trees spreading knotty arms all around and the laurels crouched like big animals. The place was alive, hungry, holding its breath and waiting for the next kill.
"Tell you what," Riley said, growing taller in the twilight, a looming force. "Come here tomorrow after school. Be real quiet and watch from behind the bushes. I'll get her all the way."
Dexter nodded in the dark. Then he remembered. "But tomorrow’s Halloween."
"What the hell else you got to do? Go around begging for candy with the babies?"
He couldn’t let Riley know he was scared. "No, it’s just—" 
"Better fucking be here," Riley said.
Dexter ran down the trail toward home, his stomach fluttering. He was half scared and half excited about what he was going to witness, what he dared not miss.
Mom was slumped over the kitchen table, a pile of empty beer cans around her chair. An overturned bottle leaked brown liquid into her lap. Dexter hurried to the bed before she woke up and asked for a goodnight hug or else decided he needed a beating for something-or-other.
The next day after school, he went straight from the bus to the clearing. The sky was cloudy and heavy with dampness. He heard voices as he crawled on his hands and knees through the undergrowth. He looked through a gap in the branches. Riley sat on the ground, talking to Tammy Lynn, who was leaning against the big oak tree.
Tammy Lynn's blonde hair was streaked with red dye. She already looked fourteen. Her chest stretched the fabric of her white sweater. Freckles littered her face. She had cheeks like a chipmunk's, puffed and sad.
Riley rubbed her knee beneath the hem of her dress. He glanced to his left at the bushes where Dexter was hiding. Dexter gulped. His stomach was puke-shivery.
"I love you," Riley said to Tammy Lynn.
She giggled. She wore lipstick, and her mouth was a thin red scar across her pale face. Riley leaned forward and kissed her.
He pulled his face away. She touched her lower lip where her lipstick had smeared. Riley's hand snaked farther under her dress. She clamped her legs closed.
"Don't, Riley," she whispered.
"Aw, come on, baby."
"I don't want to."
"Hey, I said I loved you. It's okay to do it if I love you."
"I'm scared."
Riley stopped rubbing her. He spoke so low that Dexter barely heard. "Pretend you’re a princess and I’m a prince, and we’re in a fairy tale. Don't you love me?"
Tammy Lynn lowered her eyes. Riley cupped her chin and tilted her face up. Her cheeks were pink from shame or fear.
"Don't you love me?" Riley repeated, and this time he was wearing his jack-o'-lantern face. Tammy Lynn nodded slowly. Dexter's stomach felt as if he'd swallowed a handful of hot worms.
"If you love me, then you owe me," Riley said. She shook her head from side to side, her hair swaying against her shoulders.
Riley suddenly drove his hand deeper under her dress. Tammy Lynn gave a squeal of surprise and tried to twist away. Riley grabbed her sweater and pulled her towards the ground. Bits of bark clung to her back.
"No," she moaned, flailing at his hands as he wrestled her to the ground. One of her silver-polished nails raked across Riley's nose. He drew back his arm and slapped her. She cried out in pain.
Dexter hadn't counted on it being like this. He almost ran out from under the bushes to help her. But he thought of Riley and the gun. Dexter could barely breathe, his gut clenching like he was going to throw up, but he couldn't look away.
Riley pinned her down with one arm and moved between her legs. He covered her mouth and Tammy Lynn screamed into his palm. They struggled for a few seconds more before Riley shoved away from her. He stood and fastened his pants. Tammy Lynn was crying.
"I told you I loved you," Riley said, as if he were disgusted at some cheap toy that had broken. Then he looked at the laurels and winked, but Dexter saw that his hands were shaking. Dexter hoped they couldn't see him. The shiver in his stomach turned into a drumroll of tiny ice punches.
Tammy Lynn was wailing now. Her dress was bunched around her waist. Scraps of leaves stuck to her ankle socks. One of her shoes had fallen off.
"Works like magic," Riley said, too loudly, his voice a hoarse blend of triumph and fear. "I told you I loved you, didn’t I?"
He kicked some loose leaves toward her and walked down the trail. He would want Dexter to follow so he could crow about the conquest. But Dexter's muscles were jelly. He couldn't take his eyes away from Tammy Lynn.
She sat up, her sobs less forceful now. She slowly pushed her dress hem down to her knees, moving like one of those movie zombies. She stared at her fingers as if some tiny treasure had been ripped out of her hands. Tears streamed down her face, and a strand of blood creased one side of her chin. Her lower lip was swollen.
She stood on her skinny legs, wobbling like a foal. Her dress hung unevenly. She looked around the clearing with eyes that were too wide. Dexter shrank back under the laurels, afraid to be seen, afraid that he was supposed to help her and couldn’t.
Blood ran down her legs, the bright red streaks of it vivid against her skin. Drops spattered onto the leaves between her feet. She looked down and saw the blood and made a choking sound in her throat. She waved her hands in the air for a moment, then ran into the woods, not down the trail but in the direction of the road that bordered one side of the forest. She'd forgotten her shoe.
Dexter lifted himself from the ground and stared at the dark drops of blood. Rain began to fall, slightly thicker than the mist. He parted the waxy laurel leaves and stepped into the clearing. 
Blood. Blood sacrifice. On Halloween, when anything could happen. The clearing was alive again, the sky waiting and the trees watching, the ground hungry.
Dexter felt dizzy, as if his head was packed with soggy cotton. He knelt suddenly and vomited. When his stomach was empty, he leaned back and let the rain run down his face. That way, Riley wouldn't be able to tell that he had been crying.
He looked down at the shoe for a moment, then stumbled down the trail toward home. He expected Riley to be waiting by the porch, the sleeves rolled up on his denim jacket, arms folded. But Riley was gone. Dexter went in the house.
"Hey, honey," Mom said, not looking up as the screen door slammed. She was watching a rerun of "Highway To Heaven."
"Find your rabbit?" she asked.
"No."
"Dinner will be ready soon."
"I'm not hungry. I'm going to my room."
"You ain’t going trick-or-treat?"
"I don’t want to."
"You sick?" She glanced away from the television and looked at him suspiciously. The smell of old beer and the food scraps on the counter brought back Dexter's nausea.
"No. Just got some homework," he managed to lie through quivering lips.
"Homework, like hell. When you ever done homework? Your clothes are dirty. What have you been up to?"
"I fell at school. You know it was raining?"
"And me with laundry on the line," she said. As if it were the sky's fault, and there was nothing a body could do when the whole damned sky was against them. She looked back to the television, took two swallows of beer, and belched. He wondered what she would give out if any trick-or-treaters dared come down their dangerous street and knock on the door.
On the television screen, Michael Landon was sticking his nose into somebody else's business again. Dexter looked at the actor's smug close-up for a moment, then tiptoed to his room. His thoughts suffocated him in the coffin of his bed.
Maybe he should have picked up Tammy Lynn's shoe. Then he could give it back to her, even if he couldn't give back the other things. Like in Cinderella, sort of. But then she would know. And that was like fairy tale love, and Dexter didn’t ever want to love anything as long as he lived.
Anyway, Riley had a gun. He thought of Riley pointing the gun at him, that moment in the woods when he thought the tip of Riley’s boot would be the last thing he ever saw. The boot, the shoe, the blood. Dexter finally fell asleep to the sound of whatever movie Mom was using for a drinking buddy that night.
He dreamed of Tammy Lynn. She was splayed out beneath him in the clearing, the collar tight around her neck, the leash wrapped around his left fist. She was naked, but her features were formless, milky abstractions. He was holding his knife against her cheek. Her eyes were twin beggars, pools of scream, wet horror. He woke up sweating, his stomach shivery, his eyes moist. He’d wet the bed again.
Rain drummed off the roof. He thought of the blood, watered down and spreading now, soaking into the soil. Her blood sacrifice, the price she paid for love. He didn't get back to sleep.
He dressed just as the rain dwindled. By the time he went outside, the sun was fighting through a smudge of clouds. The air was as thick as syrup, and nobody stirred in the houses along the street. The whole world had a hangover.
Dexter went down the trail. He wasn't sure why. Maybe he wanted to relive the day before, the struggle, the tears, the drops of blood. Maybe he wanted to get the shoe.
Water fell off the green leaves overhead as he wound his way into the woods. His shirt was soaked by the time he reached the clearing. The forest was alive with dripping, flexing limbs, trees drinking and growing, the creek fat and muddy. A fungal, earthy stench hung in the air. He stepped into the clearing.
The ground was scarred with gashes of upturned soil. Brown holes. Empty. Where Dexter had buried the pets.
Blood sacrifice. Works like magic. Especially on Halloween.
Dexter tried to breathe. The shivering in his belly turned into a wooden knot.
Twigs snapped damply behind the stand of laurels where he had hid the day before.
No. Dead things didn't come back to life. That only happened in stupid movies.
Tammy Lynn’s shoe was gone. No way would she come back here. It had to be Riley, playing a trick. But how did Riley know where he had buried the animals?
He heard a whimpering gargle that sounded like a cross between a cluck and a growl, maybe a broken meow. The laurels shimmered. Something was moving in there.
"Riley?" he whispered hoarsely.
The gargle.
"Come on out, dickwit," he said, louder.
He saw a flash of fur, streaked and caked with dirt. He fled down the trail. His boots hardly touched the ground, were afraid to touch the ground, the ground that had been poisoned with blood magic. He thought he heard something following as he crossed into the yard, soft padding footfalls or slitherings in the brush, but his heart was hammering so hard in his ears that he couldn't be sure. He burst into the house and locked the door, then leaned with his back against it until he caught his breath.
Something thudded onto the porch, clattering along the wooden boards. Behind that sharp sound, a rattling like claws or thick toenails, came a dragging wet noise.
Clickety-click, sloosh. Clickety-click, sloosh.
It stopped just outside the door.
Dexter couldn't move.
"What the hell's wrong with you?" Mom stood under the archway leading into the kitchen. Her face was pinched, eyes distended, skin splotched. Greasy blades of hair clung to her forehead.
Dexter gasped, swallowed. "The—"
She scowled at him, her fists clenched. He knew this had better be good. "I was just out running."
"You're going to be the death of me, worrying me like that. Nothing but trouble." She rubbed her temples. Her smell filled the small room, sweetly pungent like a bushel of decaying fruit. Dexter put his ear to the door. The sounds were gone.
"What are you so pale for? You said you wasn't sick."
Dexter shrank away from her.
"Now get up off that floor. Lord knows, I got enough work around here already without putting you in three changes of clothes ever goddamned day."
Dexter slunk past her into the living room.
"Guess I'd better get that laundry in," Mom said to no one in particular. Her hand gripped the doorknob, and Dexter wanted to shout, scream, slap her away. But of course he couldn't. He could only watch with churning bowels as she opened the door and went outside. Dexter followed her as far as the screen door.
The porch was empty.
Of course it was. Monsters were for movies, or dumb stories. He was acting like a fourth grader. Stuff coming back from the dead? Horseshit, as Dad would say.
Still, he didn't go outside the rest of the evening, even though the sky cleared. Mom was in a better mood after the first six-pack. Dexter watched cartoons, then played video games for a while. He tried not to listen for clickety-sloosh.
One of Mom's boyfriends came over. It was the one with the raggedy mustache, the one who called Dexter "Little Man." Mom and the man disappeared into her bedroom, then Dexter heard arguing and glass breaking. The boyfriend left after an hour or so. Mom didn't come back out. Dexter went to bed without supper.
He lay there thinking about magic, about blood sacrifice. About the open graves in the pet cemetery that should have been filled with bones and decaying flesh and mossy fur and shaved whiskers and scales. He tried to erase his memory of the creature in the bushes, the thing that had followed him home. He couldn't sleep, even though he was worn from tension.
His eyes kept traveling to the cold glass between his curtains. The streetlight threw shadows that striped the bed, swaying like live things. He tried to tell himself that it was only the trees getting blown by the wind. Nothing was going to get him, especially not all those animals he'd dismembered. No, those animals had loved him. They would never hurt him.
He'd almost calmed himself when he heard the soft click of paws on the windowsill. It was the sound the cats had made when they wanted to be let in. Dexter's Mom wanted them out of the house, because of the hairballs and the stains they left in the corners. But Dexter always let them in at night to curl on top of the blankets at his feet. At least for a week or so, until he got tired of them. 
But he didn't have any cats at the moment. So it couldn't be a cat at the window. Dexter pulled the blankets up to his eyes. Something bumped against the glass, moist and dull, like a nose.
No no NO not a nose.
He wrapped the pillow around his ears. The noise was replaced by a rapid thumping against the outside wall. Dexter hunched under the blankets and counted down from a hundred, the way he did when he was six and Dad had first told him about the monsters that lived in the closet.
One hundred (no monsters), ninety-nine (no monsters), ninety-eight (no monsters)...
After three times through, he no longer heard the clickings or thumpings. He fell asleep with the blankets twisted around him.
Dexter awoke not knowing where he was. He sat up quickly and looked out the window. Nothing but sky and Sunday sunshine.
Dad picked him up that afternoon. Dexter had to walk down to the corner to meet him. He kept a close eye on the woods, in case anything stirred in the leaves. He thought he heard a scratching sound, but by then he was close enough to get inside the truck.
Dad looked past Dexter to the house. "My own goddamned roof," he muttered under his breath.
"Hi, Dad."
"I suppose she filled you up with all kinds of horseshit about me." His hands were clenched into fists around the steering wheel. Dexter knew what those fists could do. There had to be a way out, a way to calm him. Riley's words came to Dexter out of the blue: Gotta tell 'em that you love 'em.
Yeah. Works like magic. He'd seen how that turned out. Got you what you wanted, but somebody had to pay.
"She didn't say nothing."
"Any men been around?"
"Nobody. Just us. We . . . I miss you."
Dad's fists relaxed and he mussed Dexter's hair. "I miss you, too, boy."
Dexter wanted to ask when Dad was moving back in, but didn't want him to get angry again. Better not to mention Mom, or home, or anything else.
"What say we go down to the dump? Got me a new Ruger to break in." Dexter managed a weak smile as Dad pulled the truck away from the curb.
They spent the day at the landfill, Dexter breaking glass bottles and Dad prowling in the trash for salvage, shooting rats when they showed their pointy faces. Dexter felt no joy when the rodents exploded into red rags. Dad was a good shot.
They ate fastfood hamburgers on the way back in. It was almost dark when Dad dropped him off at the end of the street. Dexter hoped none of Mom's boyfriends were around. He opened the door to hop out, then hesitated, remembering the clickety-sloosh. He had managed to forget, to fool himself out under the clear sky, surrounded by filth and rusty metal and busted furniture. In the daytime, all the nightmares had dissolved into vapor.
Dexter looked toward the house with one hand still on the truck door. Dad must have figured he was reluctant to leave, that a son missed his father, and that no goddamned snotty-eyed bitch had a right to keep a father from his own flesh-and-blood. "It's okay. I'll see you again in a week or so," Dad said.
Dexter searched desperately for something to say, anything to put off that hundred-foot walk across the dark yard. "Dad?"
"What?"
"Do you love Mom?"
Dexter could see only Dad's silhouette against the background of distant streetlights. Crickets chirped in the woods. After a long moment, Dad relaxed and sighed. "Yeah. 'Course I do."
Dexter looked along the street, at the forest that seemed to creep up to the house's foundation. "You ever been scared?"
"We're all scared of something or other. Is something bothering you?"
Dexter shook his head, then realized Dad probably couldn't see him in the dark. "No," he said, then, "Do you believe in magic?"
Dad laughed, his throat thick with spittle. "What kind of horseshit has she been filling you up with?"
"Nothing. Never mind."
"The bitch."
"Guess I better go, Dad."
"Uh-huh."
"See you." He wanted to tell Dad that he loved him, but he was too scared.
"Say, whatever happened to that little puppy of yours?"
"Got runned over."
"Damn. I'll see Clem about getting you another."
"No, that's okay."
"You sure?"
"Yeah."
"Bye now."
"Yeah."
Dexter stepped away from the truck and watched the tail-lights shrink as Dad roared away. The people in the few neighboring houses were plastered to the television. Blue light flickered from their living room windows. The trees were like tall skeletons with too many bones.
Leaves skittered across the road, scratching at the asphalt. A dog barked a few streets over. At least, it sounded like a dog. A good old red-blooded, living and breathing turd factory. Never hurt nobody, most likely.
He walked into the scraggly yard, reluctant to leave the cone of the last streetlight. He thought about going up the street and cutting across the other end of the yard, but that way was scary, too. The autumn forest hovered on every side. The forest with its clickety-sloosh things.
He tried to whistle as he walked, but his throat was dry, as if he had swallowed a spider web. He thought about running, but that was no good. In every stupid movie where dead things come back, they always get you if you run.
So he took long, slow steps. His head bent forward because he thought he could hear better that way. Halfway home. The lights were on in the kitchen, and he headed for the rectangle of light that stretched from the back door across the lawn.
He was twenty feet away from the safety of light when he heard it. Clickety-sloosh. But that wasn't all. The gargle was also mixed in, along with the tortured meow and the rustle of leaves. The noise was coming from behind a forsythia bush near the back steps. The thing was under the porch. In the place where Turd Factory had napped during sunny afternoons.
Dexter stopped.
Run for it? They always get you if you run. But, now that he thought about it, they always get you anyway. Especially if you were the bad guy. And Dexter was the bad guy. Maybe not as bad as Riley. But at least Riley knew about love, which probably protected him from bad things.
Yell for Mom? She was probably dead drunk on the couch. If she did step out on the porch, the thing would disappear. He was sure of that, because the thing was his and only his.
And if he yelled, he knew what would happen. Mom would turn on the porch light and see nothing, not even a stray hair, just a scooped-out dirt place behind the forsythia. And she'd say, "What the hell do you mean, waking up half the neighborhood because you heard something under the porch? They ain't nothing there."
And she'd probably slap him across the face. She'd wait until they were inside, so the neighbors wouldn't call Social Services. Maybe she'd use the buckle-end of the belt, if she was drinking liquor tonight instead of beer.
He took an uncertain step backward. Back to the curb, to the streetlights? Then what? You had to go home sometime. The thing gargled, a raspy mewling. It was waiting.
A monster that could disappear could do anything. Even if he ran to the road, the thing could clickety-sloosh out of the sewer grate, or pop out from behind one of the junk cars that skulked in the roadside weeds. The thing could drop from the limbs of that big red maple at the edge of the lawn. You can't fight blood magic when it builds a monster on Halloween.
He had a third choice. Walk right on up. Keep trying to whistle. Not scared at all. No-sirree. Zip-a-dee-doo-dah.
And that was really the only choice. The thing wasn't going away. Dexter stepped into the rectangle of light and pursed his lips. He was still trying to whistle as he put his foot on the bottom step. Monsters weren’t real, were they?
The bush shook, shedding a few of its late yellow flowers. The gargle lengthened into a soughing purr. Dexter tried to keep his eyes on the door, the door that was splintered at the bottom where the puppy and cats had scratched to get inside. The door with its dented brass handle, the door with its duct-taped pane of glass, the door that opened onto the love and safety promised by the white light of home. The door became a blur, a shimmering wedge lost in his tears as the thing moved out from the shadows.
He closed his eyes and waited for the bite, the tearing of his blue jeans and shin meat, the rattle of tooth on bone. He stiffened in anticipation of cold claws to belly, hot saliva on rib cage, rough tongue to that soft place just underneath the chin.
Clickety-sloosh.
His heart skipped a beat and restarted. He was still alive. No pain yet. He tried to breathe. The air tasted like rusty meat.
Maybe it had disappeared. But he could hear it, panting through moist nostrils. Just beneath him. Close enough so that he could feel the wind of its mewling against his leg.
Savoring the kill? Just as Dexter had done, all those afternoons and Saturday mornings spent kneeling in the forest, with his pocket knife and his pets and his frightened lonely tears? He knew that fear was the worst part, the part that made your belly all puke-shivery.
He had to show his fear. That was only fair. He owed them that much. And if he looked scared enough, maybe the thing would have mercy, just rip open that big vein in his neck so he could die fast. Then the thing could clickety-sloosh on back into the woods, drag its pieces to the grave and bury its own bones.
Dexter tried to open his eyes but couldn't. Still the thing mewled and gargled. Waiting was the worst part. You could hold your breath, pray, scream, run. They always get you anyway.
Still he waited.
He blinked. The world was nothing but streaks, a gash of light, a fuzz of gray that was the house, a bigger fuzz of black night. Something nudged against his kneecap. He looked down, his chest hot as a brick oven.
It hadn't disappeared.
Two eyes met his. One round and dark, without a white, hooded by an exotic flap of skin. The other eye was heavy-lidded, yellow and reptilian.
Behind the eyes, lumps of meat sloping into a forehead. Ragged pink where the pieces met, leaking a thin jelly. Part fur, part feather, part scale, part exposed bone. A raw rooster comb dangled behind one misshapen ear.
Beneath the crushed persimmon of a nose were whiskers and wide lips, the lips parted to show teeth of all kinds. Puppy teeth, kitty fangs, fishy nubs of cartilage, orange bits of beak like candy corn.
Hulking out behind the massive dripping head were more slabs of tenderloin, breast and wing, fin and shell. The horrible coalition rippled with maggots and rot and magic.
The lump of head nuzzled against his leg. The juice soaked through his jeans.
Oh God.
He wanted the end to come quickly now, because he had given the thing his fear and that was all he had. He had paid what he owed. But he knew in the dark hutch of his heart that the thing wasn't finished. He opened his eyes again.
The strange eyes stared up into his. Twin beggars.
You had to let them feed. On fear or whatever else they needed.
Again the thing nuzzled, mewling wetly. Behind the shape, something slithered rhythmically against the leaves.
A rope of gray and black and tan fur. A broken tail.
Wagging.
Wagging.
Waiting and wanting.
Forgiving.
Dexter wept without shame. When the thing nuzzled the third time, he reached down with a trembling hand and stroked between the putrid arching ears.
Riley's voice came to him, unbidden, as if from some burning bush or darkening cloud: "Gotta tell 'em that you love 'em."
Dexter knelt, trembling. The thing licked under the soft part of his chin. It didn't matter that the tongue was scaly and flecked with forest dirt. And cold, grave cold, long winter cold.
When you let them love you, you owe them something in return.
He hugged the beast, even as it shuddered toward him, clickety-sloosh with chunks dribbling down. And still the tail whipped the ground, faster now, drumming out its affection.
Suddenly the yard exploded with light.
The back door opened. Mom stood on the porch, one hand on the light switch, the other holding her worn flannel robe closed across her chest. "What the hell's going on out here?"
Dexter looked up from where he was kneeling at the bottom of the steps. His arms were empty and dry.
"Don't just stand there with your jaw hanging down. You was supposed to be here an hour ago." Her voice went up a notch, both louder and higher. "Why, I've got a good mind to—"
She stopped herself, looking across the lawn at the houses down the street. Dexter glanced under the porch. He saw nothing in the thick shadows.
Mom continued, lower, with more menace. "I've got a good mind to take the belt to you."
Dexter stood and rubbed the dirt off his pants.
"Now get your ass in here, and don't make me have to tell you twice."
Dexter looked around quickly at the perimeter of forest, at the black thickets where the thing would hide until Mom was gone. He went up the steps and through the door, past her hot drunken glare and stale breath. He shuffled straight to his room and closed the door. The beating would come or it wouldn't. It didn't matter.
That night, when he heard the scratching at the windowsill and the bump against the glass, he opened the window. The thing crawled inside and onto the bed. It had brought him a gift. Riley’s bloody boot. When you loved something, it owed you in return. Maybe it had carried the other one to Tammy Lynn’s house, where it might have delivered her lost shoe on Halloween, the night of its birth. To thank her for the gift of blood.
The nightmare creature curled at Dexter’s feet, licking at the boot. The thing’s stench filled the room, bits of its rotted flesh staining the blankets. Dexter didn’t sleep that night, listening to the mewling rasp of the creature’s breathing, wondering where the mouth was, knowing that he’d found a friend for life.
And tomorrow, when he got off the bus, the thing would greet him. It would wait until the bus rolled out of sight, then drag itself from the woods and rub against his leg, begging to be stroked. It would lick his face and wait for his hug.
And together they would run deep between the trees, Dexter at one end of the leash, struggling to keep up while the thing clickety-slooshed about and buried its dripping nose in the dirt, first here, then there. Once in a while into the creek, to wet its dangling gills. Stopping only to gaze lovingly at its master, showing those teeth that had done something bad to Riley and could probably do it again.
Maybe if Dexter fed its hunger for affection, it wouldn’t have a hunger for other things.
Dexter would give it what it needed, he would feed it all he had. Through autumn’s fog and into the December snows, through long spring evenings and into summer's flies. A master and its pet.
You owe them that much.
That’s just the way love is.
They always get you anyway.


THE END
Return to Table of Contents
###


One Sick Puppy
By Scott Nicholson

Over the course of my career, I've always winced a little when people refer to me as a "horror writer."
I don't feel like a horror writer, and all the unwholesome associations with the label don't fit my self-image of a playful parent, a serious organic gardener, a devoted spiritual explorer, and a compassionate, loyal husband.
Sometimes I launch into my spiel of "Well, I write about supernatural legends based in the Appalachian Mountains," or "I write mysteries that explore the spiritual side of the human experience," or, if I'm feeling lazy, I say, "I write thrillers."
I don't like gore and I avoid movies featuring senseless brutality, though of course it can serve as dramatic punctuation in art—whether in film, painting, or literature. Many of the classics employ violence, from Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet to Charles Dickens's Oliver Twist to John Steinbeck's Of Mice and Men to Thomas Harris's Silence of the Lambs.
So avoiding violence in literature is about as fake as having an entire book full of characters go 400 pages with none of them muttering so much as a "dang." The key, as with all ingredients, is in moderation.
Sometimes when I offer my defense, a friend will say, "What about those man-eating goats? Or Richard Coldiron killing his father?" Or I'll say my comic books are family-friendly and then open to a page where a pregnant woman is getting kicked by her drunken boyfriend.
Really, sometimes I surprise myself. I write things I don't think about, or that I "don't write." Because sometimes the story goes that way. Sometimes the character jumps up and engages in unexpected acts of depravity. And all I can do is grit my teeth and type.
There's a lesson in there somewhere, but I am not sure what it is. One of my most successful novels, Disintegration, features an ending so bleak that I went about 100 pages from the end and marked a point at which I'd cut it out and rewrite. But friends talked me into leaving it the way it was and keeping the original message, even if it wasn't happy ever after.
I don't relish the harming of innocents. I am appalled that James Patterson and Dean Koontz are so widely celebrated when their villains routinely take great glee in torturing and dismembering. When movies like the "Saw" franchise become hits, it makes me wonder about the desensitization of our culture.
And then there I go, with a young boy mutilating animals, or a family engaging in secret perversions, or a guy finding creativity through his sharp implements.
Sometimes, I laugh out loud when I write that stuff.
I know it’s not real, and I know who controls it.
That doesn't make the horrors of the real world any less gruesome. But it works for me, it gets me through the day, and it keeps me sane.
I am probably the most well-adjusted sick puppy you will ever meet.
Pet me.
Maybe I won't bite.


THE END
Return to Table of Contents
###


About Scott Nicholson:
 
I have written 13 novels, including the #1 bestseller in Mystery & Suspense Disintegration, As I Die Lying, The Skull Ring, The Red Church, Speed Dating with the Dead, and Forever Never Ends. Other electronic works include Burial to Follow, Crime Beat, and Transparent Lovers, and the story collections Ashes, The First, Head Cases, Murdermouth, Curtains, and Flowers.
With J.R. Rain, I wrote the urban fantasy Cursed! and, as L.C. Glazebrook, I wrote the paranormal romance October Girls. I live in the Blue Ridge Mountains of North Carolina, where I play guitar, raise an organic garden, and work as a freelance fiction editor.
Come to the Haunted Computer, become a Spooky Microchip, and help me build my next book. You’ll also find free fiction, prize giveaways, and survival tips.
I welcome your e-mails at mailto:hauntedcomputer@yahoo.com.. If you enjoyed this book, please tell your friends and give another Nicholson title a try. If you hated it, why not try another one anyway? What doesn’t kill you only makes you stronger, and what does kill you is probably lurking in my next book. Read on for more.
 
Return to Table of Contents
###

Try these other thrillers because they're good:

AS I DIE LYING
By Scott Nicholson

Richard Coldiron’s first and last novel follows his metafictional journey through a troubled childhood, where he meets his invisible friend, his other invisible friend...and then some who aren’t so friendly.
There’s Mister Milktoast, the protective punster; Little Hitler, who leers from the shadows; Loverboy, the lusty bastard; and Bookworm, who is thoughtful, introspective, and determined to solve the riddle of Richard’s disintegration into either madness or genius, and of course only makes things worse. They reside in the various rooms of his skull, a place known as the Bone House, and take turns rearranging the furniture. As Richard works on his autobiography, his minor characters struggle with their various redemptive arcs.
Richard keeps his cool despite the voices in his head, but he’s about to get a new tenant: the Insider, a malevolent soul-hopping spirit that may or may not be born from Richard’s nightmares and demands a co-writing credit and a little bit of foot-kissing dark worship.
Now Richard doesn’t know which voice to trust. The book’s been rejected 117 times. The people he loves keep turning up dead. And here comes the woman of his dreams.
Learn more about As I Die Lying and the six people in Richard Coldiron’s head


DISINTEGRATION
By Scott Nicholson

Careful what you wish for.
When a mysterious fire destroys his home and kills his young daughter, Jacob Wells is pulled into a downward spiral that draws him ever closer to the past he thought was dead and buried.
Now his twin brother Joshua is back in town, seeking to settle old scores and claim his half of the Wells birthright. Jacob’s wife Renee is struggling with her own guilt, because the couple had lost an infant daughter several years before.
As Jacob and Joshua return to the twisted roles they adopted at the hands of cruel, demanding parents, they wage a war of pride, wealth, and passion. They share the poisonous love of a woman who would gladly ruin them both: Carlita, a provocative and manipulative Hispanic whose immigrant family helped build the Wells fortune.
Joshua wants other things, too, but Jacob’s desires are divided between the forbidden love he can’t possess, the respectability he can never have, and the revenge he is dying to taste. And Renee has dark motives of her own.
If only Jacob can figure out which one to blame. But the lines of identity are blurred, because Joshua and Jacob share much more than blood.
And the childhood games have become deadly serious.

Learn more about the psychological thriller Disintegration


THE RED CHURCH
Book I in the Sheriff Littlefield Series
By Scott Nicholson
Stoker Award finalist and alternate selection of the Mystery Guild

For 13-year-old Ronnie Day, life is full of problems: Mom and Dad have separated, his brother Tim is a constant pest, Melanie Ward either loves him or hates him, and Jesus Christ won't stay in his heart. Plus he has to walk past the red church every day, where the Bell Monster hides with its wings and claws and livers for eyes. But the biggest problem is that Archer McFall is the new preacher at the church, and Mom wants Ronnie to attend midnight services with her.
Sheriff Frank Littlefield hates the red church for a different reason. His little brother died in a freak accident at the church twenty years ago, and now Frank is starting to see his brother's ghost. And the ghost keeps demanding, "Free me." People are dying in Whispering Pines, and the murders coincide with McFall's return.
The Days, the Littlefields, and the McFalls are descendants of the original families that settled the rural Appalachian community. Those old families share a secret of betrayal and guilt, and McFall wants his congregation to prove its faith. Because he believes he is the Second Son of God, and that the cleansing of sin must be done in blood.
"Sacrifice is the currency of God," McFall preaches, and unless Frank and Ronnie stop him, everybody pays.
Learn more about the real haunted church that inspired The Red Church


DRUMMER BOY
Book II in the Sheriff Littlefield Series
By Scott Nicholson

On an Appalachian Mountain ridge, three boys hear the rattling of a snare drum deep inside a cave known as "The Jangling Hole," and the wind carries a whispered name.
It's the eve of a Civil War re-enactment, and the town of Titusville is preparing to host a staged battle. The weekend warriors aren’t aware they will soon be fighting an elusive army. A troop of Civil War deserters, trapped in the Hole by a long-ago avalanche, is rising from a long slumber, and the war is far from over.
And one misfit kid is all that stands between the town and the cold mouth of hell…
Learn more about Drummer Boy and the Appalachian legend that inspired the novel


THE SKULL RING
By Scott Nicholson

Julia Stone will remember, even if it kills her.
With the help of a therapist, Julia is piecing together childhood memories of the night her father vanished. When Julia finds a silver ring that bears the name "Judas Stone," the past comes creeping back. Someone is leaving strange messages inside her house, even though the door is locked. The local handyman offers help, but he has his own shadowy past. And the cop who investigated her father's disappearance has followed her to the small mountain town of Elkwood.
Now Julia has a head full of memories, but she doesn't know which are real. Julia's therapist is playing games. The handyman is trying to save her, in more ways than one. And a sinister cult is closing in, claiming ownership of Julia's body and soul . . . .
Learn more about The Skull Ring and False Recovered Memory Syndrome


SPEED DATING WITH THE DEAD
By Scott Nicholson

A paranormal conference at the most haunted hotel in the Southern Appalachian mountains…a man’s promise to his late wife that he’d summon her spirit…a daughter whose imagination goes to dark places…and demonic evil lurking in the remote hotel’s basement, just waiting to be awoken.
When Digger Wilson brings his paranormal team to the White Horse Inn, he is skeptical that his dead wife will keep her half of the bargain. He doesn’t believe in ghosts. But when one of the conference guests channels a mysterious presence and an Ouija board spells out a pet phrase known only to Digger and his wife, his convictions are challenged. And when people start to disappear, Digger and his daughter Kendra must face the circle of demons that view the hotel as their personal playground. Because soon the inn will be closing for good, angels can’t be trusted, and demons don’t like to play alone….
Learn more about Speed Dating with the Dead and the 2008 paranormal conference and inn that inspired the novel


OCTOBER GIRLS
By Scott Nicholson (writing as L.C. Glazebrook)

Five days until Halloween and all hell is about to break loose.
And it’s all Crystal’s fault.
Momma warned her not to consort with the dead and tried to teach her the magic spells that would close the portal to the afterlife. But Crystal doesn’t want to be a trailer-trash witch like Momma. She has dreams of going to community college and escaping the Appalachian town of Parson’s Ford.
Her best friend Bone is only too happy to escape the afterlife and help Crystal break the rules. Bone died too young, and she’ll do whatever it takes to remain among the living.
Then a teen movie maker comes to Parson’s Ford, and he has a very special project in mind: a horror movie starring a real ghost. Now it’s Halloween, the night when the portal to the afterlife is widest, and somebody’s been messing with Momma’s potions.
The movie is rolling, the creatures are stirring, and the brainwashed teenagers are ready to welcome a new star from the other side of the grave. Crystal and Bone must overcome drama queens, coffin cuties, and mangled magic if they want to remain best friends forever—but at this rate, forever may not last much longer.
Learn more about the paranormal romance series October Girls


CURSED!
By J.R. Rain and Scott Nicholson

Albert Shipway is an ordinary guy, an insurance negotiator who likes booze and women and never having to say he’s sorry.

And he thinks this is just another day, another lunch, another order of kung pao chicken. Little does he know that he’s about to meet a little old lady who knows his greatest fear. A little old lady who knows what’s hiding in his heart. A little old lady who dishes up a big stew of supernatural revenge, with ingredients as follows: First you take one psychotic ex from a family of serial killers. Next add a pinch or two of an irrational childhood fear. Now thoroughly mix in an angry sister, a life-stealing great-granddad, and a notorious mass murderer—who happens to be dead but doesn’t know it. Let it stew and froth and bubble thoroughly....
In just a matter of minutes, Albert’s life turns upside down and he enters a world where magic and evil lurk beneath the fabric of Southern California. And all his choices have brewed a perfect storm of broken hearts, broken promises, shattered families, and a couple of tiny problems. Namely, killer mice and a baby.
Albert Shipway is finally getting a chance to right some wrongs.
That is, if it's not too late.
Learn more about the urban fantasy Cursed!


FOREVER NEVER ENDS
By Scott Nicholson

It falls from the heavens and crashes to earth in the remote southern Appalachian Mountains.
The alien roots creep into the forest, drawn by the intoxicating cellular activity of the humus and loam. The creature feeds on the surrounding organisms, exploring, assimilating, and altering the life forms it encounters. Plants wilt from the contact, trees wither, animals become deformed monstrosities, and people become something both more and less than human. 
A telepathic psychology professor, a moonshine-swilling dirt farmer, a wealthy developer, and a bitter recluse team up to take on the otherwordly force that is infecting their town. The author’s preferred edition of the 2003 paperback release The Harvest.
Learn more about the science fiction thriller Forever Never Ends


CRIME BEAT
By Scott Nicholson

Crime doesn't pay...but neither does journalism. When John Moretz takes a job as a reporter in the Appalachian town of Sycamore Shade, a crime spree erupts and circulation increases. Then the first murder victim is found, and soon a serial killer is grabbing headlines. Moretz comes under suspicion, but he stays one step ahead of the police, his fellow reporters, and seemingly even the killer.
Learn about Crime Beat

BURIAL TO FOLLOW
By Scott Nicholson

When Jacob Ridgehorn dies, it's up to Roby Snow to make sure his soul goes on to the eternal reward. The only way Roby can do that is convince the Ridgehorn family to eat a special pie, but a mysterious figure named Johnny Divine is guarding the crossroads. When peculiar Appalachian Mountain funeral customs get stirred into the mix, Roby has to perform miracles…or else.
Novella originally published in the Cemetery Dance anthology "Brimstone Turnpike."
Learn more about Burial to Follow at the Haunted Computer


TRANSPARENT LOVERS
By Scott Nicholson

Private investigator Richard Steele must solve his most difficult case ever—his own murder—while caught between women on both sides of the grave. In a race against time as his spirit slips away, Richard must confront his many, many failings and trust in a power beyond his understanding--love. His only weapon is faith, and he's running out of bullets. It's going to be a hell of a showdown.
Learn more about Transparent Lovers.


FLOWERS
By Scott Nicholson & L.C. Glazebrook

Features the L. Ron Hubbard Writers of the Future Award grand-prize winner "The Vampire Shortstop" and other tales of fantasy, such as "When You Wear These Shoes" and "In the Heart of November." Includes the Makers series where children control the elements, as well as more tales of magic, romance, and the paranormal.
Learn more about Flowers and the award-winning "The Vampire Shortstop"

ASHES
By Scott Nicholson

A collection of supernatural and paranormal stories by award-winning author Scott Nicholson, including "Homecoming," "The Night is an Ally" and "Last Writes." From the author of THE RED CHURCH, THE SKULL RING, and the story collections FLOWERS and THE FIRST, these stories visit haunted islands, disturbed families, and a lighthouse occupied by Edgar Allan Poe. Exclusive introduction by Jonathan Maberry, author of THE DRAGON FACTORY and GHOST ROAD BLUES, as well as an afterword.
Learn more about the supernatural stories in Ashes


THE FIRST
By Scott Nicholson

A collection of dark fantasy and futuristic stories from award-winning author Scott Nicholson. Dystopia, cyberpunk, and science fiction imbue these stories that visit undiscovered countries and distant times. Includes two bonus essays and Nicholson's first-ever published story, in addition to the four-story Aeropagan cycle.
Learn more about the fantasy and science fiction stories in The First

MURDERMOUTH: ZOMBIE BITS
By Scott Nicholson

A collection of zombie stories, from the zombie point-of-view to the shoot-‘em-up survival brand of apocalyptic horror. Proof that even zombies have a heart…Based on the comic book currently in development by Scott Nicholson and Derlis Santacruz. With a bonus story by Jack Kilborn, a comic script, and Jonathan Maberry’s "Zombie Apocalypse Survival Scorecard."
Learn more about Murdermouth: Zombie Bits and see zombie art


CURTAINS
By Scott Nicholson

A collection of crime and mystery tales from the vaults of Scott Nicholson. Includes "How to Build Your Own Coffin" and Year’s Best Fantasy & Horror selection "Dog Person," as well as the psychological thrillers "Letters and Lies," "Sewing Circle," and more stories that appeared in magazines such as Crimewave, Cemetery Dance, and Blue Murder. Includes and afterword and a bonus story from bestselling authors J.A. Konrath and Simon Wood.
Learn more about Curtains: Mystery Stories


HEAD CASES
By Scott Nicholson

Seven tales of paranoia, psychological suspense, and terror, including the first-ever appearance of "Fear Goggles." From the pages of Crimewave, Blue Murder, and Cemetery Dance, with bonus stories from William Meikle and John Everson. 
Learn more about it at Haunted Computer 


TROUBLED (UK)
By Scott Nicholson

When twelve-year-old Freeman Mills arrives at Wendover, a group home for troubled children, it’s a chance for a fresh start. But second chances aren’t easy for Freeman, the victim of painful childhood experiments that gave him the ability to read other people’s minds.
Little does Freeman know that his transfer was made at the request of Dr. Richard Kracowski, whose research into the brain’s electrical properties is revealing new powers of the human mind. Kracowski is working for a secret society called the Trust, but also has his own agenda in exploring the nature of the soul. His experiments have an unexpected side effect, though. The electromagnetic fields used in his experiments are summoning the ghosts of the patients who died at Wendover back when it was a psychiatric ward.
Freeman simply wants to survive, take his medicine for manic depression, and deceive his counsellors into believing he is happy. When he meets the anorexic Vicky, who may also be telepathic, he’s afraid some of his darkest secrets will be uncovered. But when the other children develop their own clairvoyant abilities, and insane spirits begin haunting the halls of Wendover, he can’t safely hide inside his own head anymore.
Meanwhile, the Trust is installing sophisticated equipment in the home’s basement, aggressively probing the threshold between life and death. And they’ve brought in another scientist who doesn’t share Dr. Kracowski’s reluctance to push the limits.
This scientist is a pioneer in ESP induction, and he performed most of his work on a very special subject: his son, Freeman Mills. The author’s preferred edition of the 2005 U.S. paperback release The Home, in development as a feature film.
Learn more about the paranormal thriller Troubled


CREATIVE SPIRIT (UK)
By Scott Nicholson

After parapsychologist Anna Galloway is diagnosed with metastatic cancer, she has a recurring dream in which she sees her own ghost. The setting of her dream is the historic Korban Manor, which is now an artist’s retreat in the remote Appalachian Mountains. Drawn both by the ghost stories surrounding the manor and her own sense of destiny, Anna signs up for the retreat.
Sculptor Mason Jackson has come to Korban Manor to make a final, all-or-nothing attempt at success before giving up his dreams. When he becomes obsessed with carving Ephram Korban’s form out of wood, he questions his motivation but is swept up in a creative frenzy unlike any he has ever known.
The manor itself has secrets, with fires that blaze constantly in the hearths, portraits of Korban in every room, and deceptive mirrors on the walls. The house’s brooding atmosphere affects the creative visions of the visiting artists. A mysterious woman in white calls to Anna from the forest, while Mason is driven by the whispers of an unseen critic. With an October blue moon looming, both the living and the dead learn the true power of their dreams. The author’s preferred edition of the 2004 U.S. paperback release The Manor.
Learn more about the paranormal thriller Creative Spirit


SOLOM (UK)
By Scott Nicholson

Katy Logan wasn’t quite sure why she left her finance career in the big city to marry religion professor Gordon Smith and move to the tiny Appalachian community of Solom.
Maybe she just wanted to get her 12-year-old daughter Jett away from the drugs and bad influences. Maybe she wanted to escape from the memories of her first husband. Or perhaps she was enchanted by the promise of an idyllic life on the farm that has been in Gordon’s family for 150 years.
But the residents of Solom know all about the man in the black hat. They whisper the legends around the pot-bellied stove at the general store, they pray for protection from him in their little white churches, they think about him as they gather hay, harvest corn, and work their gardens. The brave ones talk about him, believing him dead and buried, but nobody dares to utter his name.
The Reverend Harmon Smith has come back more than century after his last missionary trip, and he has unfinished business. But first Katy and Jett must be brought into the family, and the farm must be prepared to welcome him home. Gordon has been denying his heritage, but now it’s time to choose sides. Does he protect the ones he loves, or surrender to the ancestral urge for revenge?
Learn more about the paranormal thriller Solom 


THE GORGE (UK)
By Scott Nicholson

An experimental rafting expedition, an FBI manhunt for a delusional killer, and the worst storm in decades collide in the remote mountain wilderness...and then THEY come out.
Bowie Whitlock and a team of celebrity athletes is commissioned to test two experimental rafts in the rugged Unegama Wilderness Gorge in the remote Appalachian Mountains, considered the most dangerous whitewater rapids in the eastern United States. Photographer Dove Krueger, Bowie's occasional lover, is there to document the journey. The expedition is tense from the start as jealousy, romance, and money are riding on the mission's success.
FBI agent Jim Castle and his partner are in the gorge looking for Ace Goodall, a deranged abortion clinic bomber. Ace, accompanied by a fragile young woman, is having visions that guide his murderous behavior. A trip-wire around his camp detonates a rigged explosive, tearing apart part of a cliff wall and exposing a long-hidden species to the world.
The race is on as dark storm clouds gather, the river is swollen, and Ace hijacks the rafting expedition to make his escape. But the bloodthirsty creatures swooping down from the high cliffs have been too long without prey.
Ace has one more bomb.
God is talking to him.
It's raining again, and his young companion is pregnant.
And killing isn't what it used to be, because the dead no longer stay dead.
Learn more about The Gorge


Contact me at hauntedcomputer@yahoo.com because I’d love to know what you think—and if you are in any way dissatisfied with this product, please give me a chance to make it right. Let me know about any misspellings and formatting issues, since books in the digital age are living documents.
Thanks to Dellaster Design, Stephen James Price at Generation Next Publications, Neal Hock at Bookhound's Den, Gail Lang, Vicki Tyley, and Pamela Haworth.
This is a work of fiction. All people, incidents, and places are solely the products of the author’s imagination. The writer begins the journey, but you complete it.

Scott
mailto:hauntedcomputer@yahoo.com
http://www.hauntedcomputer.com
Return to Table of Contents
###


OTHER BOOKS BY SCOTT NICHOLSON:
As I Die Lying
Disintegration
The Red Church
Speed Dating with the Dead
The Skull Ring
Drummer Boy
Forever Never Ends
Burial to Follow
Cursed! (with J.R. Rain)
October Girls (as L.C. Glazebrook)
Curtains
Flowers
Ashes
The First
Murdermouth: Zombie Bits
Head Cases
Crime Beat
Transparent Lovers

Screenplays
The Skull Ring: The Screenplay
Creative Spirit: The Screenplay

United Kingdom
Creative Spirit
Troubled
Solom
The Gorge
