Bell's Hollow

Joseph Ewen


Copyright 2014 by Joseph Ewen
Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Edition License Notes

This book is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any reproduction or other unauthorized use of the material or artwork herein is prohibited.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or are used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

For Jenny

Chapter One
In midsummer darkness, the man walked up the hill into the woods, allowing the perspiring and fragrant foliage to enclose him. The night breeze was hot, thick, and pregnant with moisture, the vapor settling on his skin and soaking into his clothing. Even if there had been light, from either the stars or the moon on this dark night, it would not have found its way to the ground or to the man as he walked, as the confabulation of leaves and branches would have conspired to prevent a single ray’s passage. His step left no audible footfall. The trail he walked he knew by heart, and even in the inky darkness he navigated it without so much as a snap of a twig or a disturbance of the rotten leaves and debris that lay scattered across his path. As he walked, the sounds of the nighttime forest rose to greet his presence. The tree frogs hummed their constant, unerring nocturnal chorus, calling out to each other in the boundless, humid summer night. The crickets answered their constant, ordered refrain with another melody, more cacophonous, a grating screech that came and went in wild swells of volume and intensity.  Owls hooted from their distant perches. All the forest floor was alive and slithering with the chattering and clicking of insect life, beetles and centipedes, carrying on as it always had, night after night, back through the centuries. This nighttime revelry was not unknown to the man, who continued to stride along the path, further and further up the wooded hill, uncaring and inured by all of the decaying, sweating and noisy life that engulfed him. The breezes came harder now, but they were captured and held by the tops of the swaying trees. No moving air descended to the man. No breeze came to take the moisture from his skin. His clothing, now saturated with sweat and the stinking humidity, clung tight to his flesh. And still he walked, noiselessly, along the path, up the hill. As the path wound around trees and rocks that jutted from the hillside, he walked. Occasionally he would slow and extend his hand, and a bit of moss or fungus would fall to the ground from where his fingers had brushed against the soggy corpse of a once mighty oak or maple tree, now a soft and damp pillar of rotting wood pulp. Other times, he would stop and touch a bare outcropping of layered shale or sandstone that pierced through the muddy hillside, and a granule of rock or some dust would fall to the forest floor. Finally he reached a fork in the path, one that was more intuited than seen, and he turned his stride to the right, and continued to follow the path, which no longer moved up the hill, but kept a level track. To his left the trees and hill continued to climb, to the right was a tumbling, tree filled descent back down the hill which he had ascended. Still the man walked, occasionally touching a familiar landmark, only slowing once to caress the back of a slug that had slopped and slimed it’s way up the surface of a smooth tree trunk. As the forest path took him deeper into the black, rhythmic pulsation of the night, his pace quickened. His footfalls still betrayed no sound, but he walked faster, and with a more definite purpose. Soon, the path descended once more, moving down and down and down, seemingly into an even darker pit as the man reached the hollow, where he stopped.
The hollow opened up before him, a vast, black bowl in the earth, far darker than the black night sky above him. Reaching down with his right hand, he groped in the hot, humid air until his hand fell on the smooth stone pillar that projected from the ground. He felt the top of the smooth stone, and with his touch he felt the perfect square shape that flattened the top of the stone. He bent and ran his fingers down the length of one side, feeling the side flare out in a wider angle towards the earth. He slid his fingers down along it’s vertical length, and moved his hand until he felt the even, regular patterns that swelled like blisters on the side of the rock. Turning his hand again, he extended a finger and ran it along the edge where two panels of the trapezoidal pillar came together, splitting the skin on his finger and leaving a trail of blood.  He moved his hand back to where the raised blisters were on the side, and wiped the fresh blood on them.
The rock immediately grew ice cold to his touch. All around him, the putrid life of the nighttime forest in it’s chattering, hissing, and undulating activity fell silent, like spectators whose event was about to begin. A hushed expectation descended over the hollow, even the mindless chirping of the crickets and the cicadas stopped. It seemed as though all the life in the hollow was an audience and they were eagerly awaiting their address.
The man took his hand off of the pillar, stepped forward and cleared his throat. Even the winds had ceased, there was just the darkness, the heat, and the stinking wetness in the night air around him. He put his finger in his mouth and sucked it, then wiped it on the denim of his jeans. He cleared his throat again, and then spoke.
“I reckon it’s time again.” he said.
The air around him thickened. The temperature of the air drifted down, and as it grew colder, a mist began to seep out from the darkness. It grew even colder, the temperature plummeting, and had there been light, the man’s breath would have been visible along with the condensing vapor in the atmosphere. From out of the darkness came a sound, a quiet hum that seemed to come from all directions, then increased in volume. Within the humming another sound developed, a deep, but much louder low frequency thudding that shook the trees and the ground and the very air around him. The thudding came in a slow, rhythmic pattern, almost musical, although no ear that heard such harsh noise could have found it at all pleasant. Somehow the man listened to the pounding noise and was able to understand the pattern within it. The thudding subsided and was replaced by silence once again. The man sucked on his bottom lip for a second, then reached down and pulled a blade of grass from the ground, twisted off the root and leaf from the bottom of the stem, placed the twisted end in his mouth and began to chew.
“Who you got in mind this time?” he asked while his mouth and teeth continued to work at grinding the blade of grass. The thrumming thud began again, this time forming a different, faster pattern with multiple stops distorted by a strange warping and phasing. The pattern ended with a high pitched hissing sound that resembled white noise mixed with a whining shriek. The man sucked on the blade of grass and slipped both hands into his jeans pockets. He snorted a giggle, and dug the toe of his right foot into the soft earth.
“I reckon I can do that for ya. Shouldn’t be too hard. Type’s like him are always easy. I’ll get him for ya.” he said. The pulsating noise started again, swelling and then pounding the air, trees, and grass with a loud bass that thundered the air with an earsplitting crash. Following this was a grinding noise that ended with an explosive concussion that echoed through the forest and hills around him. The noise fell into silence once more. Off in the distance behind him, the man heard a crash as a large branch hit the leaf-littered floor of the woods. He continued to grind the blade of grass into his mouth, his lips and tongue meeting the seeds at the end of the stalk.  He spit the ground up plant out, hearing it fall to the ground with a splat.
“Thats the bargain, ain’t it?” he said. “I’ll keep my end. You just keep yours an’ we’ll both be happy.” The noise erupted this time, with no slow swell. It slammed the trees and the ground with a blasting thud that snapped twigs from nearby trees, but the man remained standing as the limbs clattered to the ground and smashed into the dead leaves. Silence fell as the noise halted. The cold mist that had surrounded the man dissipated as the air began to rapidly warm again. As the moisture in the air condensed, changing states from gas to liquid, a cool rain began to fall on the man, further soaking his already wet clothes. Soon, the oppressive August humidity had returned to the air, along with the heat that had been drained from it. The wind sidled through the tops of the trees again, making them dance in the summer night air. The noise of the woods that had ceased now began to resume, first with the crickets and the hooting of owls and the screeching of other night birds. The tree frogs then started again with their droning monotone. The man heard a shuffling in the leaves near him, a padding low to the ground. He wrinkled his nose as it was assailed by the stink of a possum, or maybe a skunk that had wandered his way in it’s nocturnal travels. Satisfied that all had returned to normal, the man turned and began to retrace his steps along the pathway. In the distance he heard all of the nighttime sounds of the woods coming back, the cicadas and the spiders resuming their nocturnal existences, as if the address they waited for had been received and they could now return to their normal existences. He followed the path down the hill back to the place he had came from, knowing now exactly what he had to do. He would accomplish his task as he always had, although this time he felt a peculiar sense of exhilaration. This time it would not only be easy, but it would be enjoyable, almost fun to witness. For the first time in a long time, he smiled, the missing teeth in his jaw allowing the hot night breeze to flow into his mouth and lungs unchecked. He smiled, and he chortled as he thought about what was to come.
Chapter Two
“The ability to think critically and logically is your first, best defense in this world.” Dr. Jared Gibbons admonished from the wooden lectern. He gripped the sides of the device as he leaned forward, scanning the eyes of the forty-two college students that sat, bolt upright or sagged, sprawled out or dazed, in the identical desks in the lecture room.  A bare window, unadorned by shades or blinds, filtered bright sunlight into the back of the room, where it reflected off the pale green painted concrete blocks that formed the walls.  The reflected light cast a sickly, pea-green pall over student and desk and linoleum floor alike, and as Dr. Gibbons eyed his captive audience, he briefly mused that his impassioned attempt to make these miserable students interested in philosophical logic and critical reasoning was actually making them physically ill. He gripped the edges of the lectern more tightly, his beefy palms curling under the angled board. He drew in a deep breath and continued his prepared sermon. “Every day of your life you are bombarded, even harangued and sometimes even outright harassed by messages.  From everywhere! From your teachers, from your friends, from the radio, from the T.V., from your parents and sometimes even…," he paused for dramatic effect, “your own mind!”  He leaned back from his hawkish, interrogatory stance, raised his eyes and stared down his nose at the class. “These messages go right into your brain, right into your mind with nothing to stop them. It’s as if you were merely a sponge and all the messages around you, from music to advertising to social indoctrination just gets sucked up into your gray matter. ] But what if you could slow this process down? Instead of just soaking it all up passively, and allowing these messages to program you and dictate your behavior and your thoughts? This is where critical thinking comes in. This is why the ability to think critically makes you dangerous.” The crowd of students suddenly began to shift. Some students sat up a little higher and leaned in, more associated with the class than they had been after he had called the roll. He was proud of himself for that one. It got some of them. He could always count on at least a few rebellious types in his class. He had baited the hook, and now all he had to do was set it. “So…now I ask you. Are you ready to become a subversive? An intellectual rebel?” He scanned the room again. Out of the forty-two students, about ten or twelve of them were now wide awake and watching him, clearly alert and paying attention to what was being said. That was about the number he had figured. He had been teaching this class for six years now, twelve semesters, as an associate professor, and he knew how these classes broke down by now. About a quarter of the class would get interested in the class and do very well. These would be the ones who asked intelligent questions and participated in class discussions. The other three quarters of the class would get average and below average scores, and at least one student, probably the guy at the back of the class with his laptop on the desk, obviously watching a movie instead of paying attention to the class, would either drop the class by mid-semester break or come begging for some extra credit assignment at the end of the fall term to bring his F or D up a few points. Dr. Gibbons would resist the urge to give extra credit or charity assignments this term just as he had in all his previous ones. He decided that the bait had been cast. Time to see who would bite. “What sort of messages have you taken in just today, can someone give me an answer?”
“Well, you just gave us one.” said a scrawny, stringy haired girl at the front of the class. Gibbons smiled. This one was sucking up early. And, she gave the response he had gotten first every time he had requested it, the look-how-clever-I-am response. He turned from the lectern and sat down on the edge of the metal desk that stood at the head of the class, pulling the back of his sport jacket out of the way for his stocky frame to rest on the paneled top.
“That’s true. I did give you a message. I told you all that this class was going to be about, and how this class can benefit you not only in your academic career here at RRU, but in your life in general. But let me ask you another question. Why didn’t anyone ask me how this class makes you dangerous or a subversive?” He looked around the room at the faces, some blank, some frantically searching for what they perceived to be the right answer.
“Because you’re the professor?” came the answer from the other side of the room, a muscled, athletic young man.
“Ahh.” said Gibbons. “I’m an authority figure, so questioning me would have been bad somehow? What if I told you that I didn’t really have a PhD in philosophy, but actually had a degree in…let’s say, agriculture? What then?”
The scrawny girl spoke up.
“In that case, Dr. Gibbons, you would still be the authority figure in the classroom, but you wouldn’t be an intellectual authority. You wouldn’t have the credentials and the experience to teach the class.”
“Exactly! You’ll see when we get into logical fallacies later on this semester, that what you’re describing is called an ‘Inappropriate Appeal to Authority.’ I do have my doctorate in Philosophy, rest assured, but if I didn’t, just because I’m a doctor doesn’t necessarily make me an expert on a certain issue. Can any of you tell me a situation where you might see this very thing fallacy in action in the real world?” He waited, but there was no response. “How about the evening news, or on cable news channels? Do the anchors and reporters you see giving you the news seem like trustworthy and responsible experts on the news they are providing for you? How about the channels themselves? Can you trust them? What do you think?”
From the back of the class came a response from behind the laptop that Gibbons was sure was playing a movie earlier. A nasal voice, thick with the local, south central Kentucky drawl, rang out and set Gibbon’s teeth on edge.
“No you can’t trust ‘em. They gotta sell advertisin’ and all, so they’s not gonna say nothin’ that’s gonna piss off they sponsors. They also gotta try to get as many folks as they can get to watch their channels to get more folks to watch the advertisin’, so they’s gonna try to come off as appealin’ as they can to as many folks as possible.”
Gibbons was stunned. He closed his jaw, which had dropped slightly, swallowed, and spoke.
“Excellent! That is an example of exactly what this class is about. The systems that are out there don’t make it a point to tell you how they operate, precisely because they want you to trust them. They want to be perceived as accurate and reliable sources of information. But, like our colleague here pointed out, these institutions are not there to serve the public good! They are there to make money. T.V. Stations, cable news channels, radio stations, any media distributor that sells advertising of any sort is engaged in a for-profit activity, which means that quite a few people are making money off of the venture. They want you to think that their product is news or information…but in reality the product is actually the advertising. The programming, no matter what it is, news, music videos, whatever, is what is on to get you to watch the advertising. So whenever any media source sets itself up as an authority or a source of information, your first thought should be, and hopefully will be by the time you leave this class, is it trustworthy? And trust me, by the end of the term you will have the tools necessary to make that determination. Can anyone else give me an example of the messages you passively received from society today?”
“How about music?” said a rail thin young man wearing a basketball jersey and an oversized baseball cap with the bill jutting out from over his left ear that sat in the precise center of the room.
Gibbons smiled. The younger the students were, the more media-saturated they were, and if he could get them to understand critical reasoning by getting them to examine their media intake, he would take it.
“What about music?” Gibbons asked. “What sort of music do you listen to?” He already knew the answer. He could tell by the uniform.
“Hip Hop. But I always hear people trashin’ on my tunes, you know? Like they’s somethin’ bad in the music I like.”
“Well, you tell me? What is the message in the music that you’re getting when you listen to it?”
“Well, you know, I always, um… I think it’s tellin me to enjoy life, you know? Like, ‘cause you could die any day, any minute.”
“I see. That’s interesting. And how does your music suggest you should go about enjoying your life this way?”
“What d’you mean?”
“Well, I’m not a hermit. I’ve seen some hip hop videos and heard some of the music. It seems to me like it advocates illicit drug use and marketing, substance abuse generally, promiscuity, violence, greedy commercialism, with a subtle command to conform and engage in ultimately self-destructive behavior.”
“Well, yeah, but sometimes you just have to cut loose and have a good time, you know?  And what’s wrong with having some cash to throw around, and some nice clothes and the bling?”
“There’s nothing inherently wrong with it, but you might want to consider how much money you could have eventually if you took the money you’re spending on your indulgences and saved it, and bought something that’s going to make money for you instead of someone else. Maybe you should buy stock in a company that makes clothing for the Hip Hop subculture?”
The young man snorted, then looked to his bare desktop.
“The point is,” Gibbons continued, “that you are always getting messages that you don’t even stop to think about.” He turned from the desk and resumed his stance behind the lectern. “And, it’s a sad fact of our culture that you can’t escape the messages, even if you are here in the middle of the backwoods and hills of Kentucky. You are constantly being either marketed to, or coerced, or convinced. Critical thinking will help shield you from such ignominious intrusions upon your psyche. You will learn to evaluate the source of the communication you receive. You will learn how to analyze these messages to see how internally consistent they are, and how much sense they make. You will learn how to think, speak, and write with clarity, accuracy and precision. You will learn how to analyze claims and arguments to see if they possess any logical flaws. Get used to hearing that word, because you will hear it a lot in this class. Logic is both the sword and shield of the rational mind. It will be the one trustworthy tool that you will be able to faithfully apply in all instances for countless reasons. Logic will help you order your mind, so you can then order your world. Now get out of here and we’ll meet back here this time on Wednesday.”
The class stood, almost in synchronization and began to file out the door. The greasy haired young man at the back of the room who had been watching the laptop was now packing it up and attempting to navigate his way through gaps between the rows of desks. His clothing was baggy, a plaid flannel shirt and jeans that were clearly old and on their last threads. Gibbons attempted to remember the boys name. It was something ordinary…a noun or something… He decided to risk a direct engagement.
“Excuse me.” he said to the young man, as he began to pack up the papers and textbooks that he had placed on the lectern earlier in the class.
“Yeah?” the young man replied.
“What was your name again?”
“Foster, Randy Foster.”
“Ah, okay.  I knew it was something like that.  Where are you from, Mr. Foster?”
“Aw, I’m from right up the road there in Bowen.” Gibbons nodded his understanding. Bowen wasn’t exactly a town nearby. It was more of a collection of old, rundown shanty houses that lined the tree covered two lane road that wound through some of the more hilly parts of the area. There wasn’t even a post office. Bowen had a zip code, but all the mail still came by Rural Free Delivery, something that Gibbons almost found impossible to believe still existed in the first decade of the twenty-first century.
“I see. How did you know about the news channels in the example I gave?”
The young man leaned his head back and stared at Gibbons through beady black eyes.
“What, you think just because I’m a local and a hillbilly that I’m stupid? For your information, doctor, sir, I figured that bit out about the news a long time ago by myself. Around here we call it common sense, you know. Anybody that’s tryin’ to make money and ain’t breakin’ the law is gonna do the most that they can get away with, even if I’d call it lyin’, and they’d be plum stupid to go and shoot themselves in the feet by goin’ and pissin’ off the folks that are writin’ their paychecks by sellin’ ads. It don’t take no PhD to figure that one out.”
Gibbons conceded, nodding and taking a conciliatory tone.
“You’re right, you’re absolutely right. I didn’t intend for you to take that as an insult, Mr. Foster. I wasn’t surprised because of your heritage at all, but more because of your age. Most people in your age range are so completely immersed in the mediascape that surrounds them that they never stop to even consider it.”
“Oh…well my folks didn’t raise me to be anybody’s fool. They don’t trust too many people. Mostly preachers, really, but I’m getting to where I don’t hardly trust them anymore neither.”
“Well then,” Gibbons said, clapping a hand on the young man’s back, “you’re well ahead of the game in comparison to your classmates. A healthy dose of some intelligent skepticism is the best thing to begin with. I’m sure you’ll do quite well in the class.”  Randy Foster then navigated his bulky frame around the few desks that barred his path to the door, and then strode out into the common area. The first class of the new semester was in the can, now Gibbons could go get an intensely desired cup of coffee.
Gibbons stood at the bay window of the Philosophy Department office in the Beshear Humanities building, staring at the tall hill off in the distance. It seemed to him to be like a blister on the earth, that one tall hill, surrounded by the flat ground that had stood between it and Red River University. He hated the hills. Especially this one. At the base of the distant hill, he could see the flow of traffic going right and left before him, the cars mere blobs of color, far smaller than a hot wheels car from his perspective, shooting past the immense rock. Mountain Parkway was the name of the highway. It was the lifeblood of the area, the only multi-lane highway nearby. Many times he had traversed that highway himself, making his desperate way back to Stanton and the airport there, the airport that meant freedom and distance from this remote backwater. He swirled the coffee in his cup and sipped it, while his gaze turned to the scars and pits on the hill, the places that had been blasted away to make room for the highway. That highway had only just been completed thirty or so years ago. Before that, all of the traffic had been local, limited to the state roads, those claustrophobically tight two lane roads with dead trees and a sheer rock wall on one side and and a guard rail on the other, occasionally punctuated by a broken down shack, with a lawn inevitably covered in discarded, used tires and other assorted junk. And the people, he mused. Don’t forget the people. Old and weather worn, with their overalls and their John Deere caps, their cowboy hats and their pistols, their stubborn, moronic pride and their stories about coal miners. So many big pickup trucks. He never understood how an area that was so incredibly poor could house people who had such big trucks. He thought he had seen rednecks when he lived in Ohio. He could see them, when he looked out the window at his old job, when he was an Associate Professor at Ohio State. He saw them driving their livestock off to be auctioned. But even those cattle, goat, and horse fuckers that he saw were nothing compared to the, what was the word? Degenerated, yes. They were degenerated samples of mankind that surrounded the University. He saw them staring at him every time he drove his car in from Stanton. Stanton was hardly an improvement, but at least it had restaurants and a couple of grocery stores. And thankfully his house had a locking garage door. He saw the way some of the local yokels looked at his BMW. He wasn’t quite sure whether or not they wanted to take it from him to keep for themselves, or to smash it to pieces because it was either a foreign car or an expensive one, but he didn’t like the look he saw either way. And the kids. Those poor damn kids. Bucktoothed, gap-toothed, harelipped and dirty. Doomed eternally to live exactly the same way that their parents had. Shit poor, living in a wooden box with an honest to god tin roof, getting knocked up at 15, which led to the inevitable shotgun wedding at 16, raising the poor little dirty brat to be just like them, a god-fearing, hard working, salt of the earth idiot whose only redeeming factor was the ability to seemingly breed infinitely  He hated them. All of them. When he had been let go from Ohio State he swore that he was going to take a tenure track position as soon as he could. And luckily, or so he thought, this was a new University, recently endowed and built, multiple public and private donations, and a commitment to bringing the lamps of knowledge, wisdom and opportunity to this deeply poverty stricken area. He paid a few visits to the place, had checked it out, and even found some of the local color to be charming at first. That was seven years ago. Now, he found everything about the place to be utterly revolting. He didn’t give a damn for trying to help the poverty stricken rednecks anymore, because he had learned something while he was there. They didn’t want his help, or anyone else’s. As a matter of fact, if anyone had bothered to ask them, they probably would have told whoever’s idea it was to build an institute for higher learning in their neck of the woods to go cram it up their ass with both hands. They didn’t trust it and they didn’t want it. All they wanted was to be left alone to work on their pickup trucks and to grow their tobacco and their corn and hunt their deer and make their babies and go to their churches. Gibbons drained his coffee cup and turned from the window. To hell with these clannish fucks.
He went back to the steaming coffee maker that rested on a stand next to his desk. Unfortunately he did not yet rate having an office of his own, so he had to use the spare office that was reserved for adjunct faculty. He kept his office hours here, in this whitewashed block room, a steel office desk and a desktop computer his only company aside from the coffee maker. A two row bookshelf spanned the wall above the desk, barely a couple of wooden planks resting on brackets that had been drilled into the concrete wall. For the most part the bookshelf was empty, although a massive doorstop of a volume, The Complete Dialogues of Plato, stood bold and proud, a crimson smear against the stark white of the walls. Gibbons took his seat at the desk, reached over to the coffee maker, pulled out the carafe and refilled his cup. He then reached inside his trouser pocket and withdrew his cell phone. He held the device up to check the number of bars, a habit he had acquired while living here. While he was on campus his connectivity was excellent.  But when off the campus, it was horrible. He selected a menu of numbers to call, tapping the touchscreen on the appropriate icons. When he was satisfied that the call was being initiated, he held the device up to his ear. The line rang twice and then a young female voice answered.
“Hi, Daddy! How was your first class of the year?” a cheery voice asked.
“It was pretty good, pumpkin. I wowed them with my delivery, dazzled them with my intellect and thralled them with my acumen.” he said.
“Awesome! When’s your next class?”
“Well, I have my Intro to Logic at one, Symbolic Logic at four, and another Critical Thinking at six, and then I’m out for the night.”
“Are you on campus tomorrow?”
“No, I’m not on campus at all on Tuesdays or Thursdays, unless I’m going to come in and do some research at Fletcher…”
“Ugh, I can’t believe they named a library after that man.  What a joke.”
“Yeah. How are you getting settled in?  Are you liking your dorm?  Do you have a cool roommate?”
“Uh…well…not exactly,” the voice on the phone paused.
“Ashleigh, I thought we had discussed this. I want you living on campus. I don’t care how many friends you have, and I don’t care how close they are to the campus. I want you living in a dorm, that way campus security and your R.A.’s are there to look after you.”
“Dad, listen. I’m safe, okay? I’m going to be fine!”
“But there’s also the fact that I’ve paid for you to be a resident student!”
“I know, but the bursar will cut you a refund check. All I have to do is talk to them.”
“How long have you planned this? You sound like you have your bases covered.”
“Honestly Dad, I was never going to live in one of those stinky and crowded residence halls sharing a closet sized room with a total stranger. I can stay with Stacie and Jen. We’ve found a nice place, it’s big, it has two bathrooms, we each have a bedroom, there’s a kitchen…”
“What, are you renting a house?” Gibbons demanded.
“Well, yeah, actually we are.” the once cheery voice took on a stern edge. He heard the defiance settle into his daughters voice, just like it had in her mothers. He knew he was never going to win this argument.
“Ash, I know that classes don’t start at UK for another week. Can I see you before then, so we can talk about this?”
“Actually, Daddy,” the cheerful voice had returned,"we were going to come down there to go hiking one good time before we had to buckle down with the books and stuff.”
“Hiking? With Stacie and Jen?” a tone of incredulity seeped into his voice.  Hiking was definitely not something his daughter did.
“Yeah. And Jason, Bryan and Tobey. We’re going to camp out there over next weekend.”
Gibbon’s jaw slackened. He had known that his daughter was dating, and had been on dates with boys before, but nothing quite so…adult sounding.
“Hiking and camping…with boys.  You certainly are growing up.”
“Dad, I’m old enough now. I mean, I’m in college now, you know. Time for me to be on my own and all that.” Gibbons rested his elbow on the desktop to support himself and leaned forward. The bulk of the spare tire around his waist rubbed against the desktop, and he smoothed his tie down between his flab and the desk to separate them as he spoke.
“I know, I know. It’s okay. When were you going to come down?”
“We were going to get there Friday afternoon, and then we were going to head out to the trailhead Friday evening. Tobey knows the trails pretty well out at the gorge, and he told us he know this awesome spot with a great view of Natural Bridge.”
“Tobey, eh? Is that your new boyfriend?” He knew the cues by now. Ashleigh rarely spoke about a boy unless she was interested in him, and if she talked about him at length, then it was usually serious.
“Kinda. We’re just seeing each other right now, but who knows?”
Gibbons shifted in his seat as discomfort overcame him.
“Right.” he said. “Well, give me a call before you guys leave Lexington and I’ll meet you in Stanton and we can have a late lunch or an early dinner. Have you spoken to your mom lately?”
“Nope.  Not at all.”
“Ahh.” he said, as the familiar awkward silence descended between them. “You should call her soon, just to let her know you’re getting all settled in.”
“I will.” the cheerful voice became terse once again. “If I can get her. You know how she is, especially around this time of year.”
“Yeah, I know. Just try, that’s all I ask.”
“I promise. Look I need to go, we’re here looking at furniture and I think Stacie needs me to make a decision for her.”
Gibbons sighed.
“Alright pumpkin. Just don’t get too wrapped up in all this domesticity. We haven’t had our talk yet.”
She giggled.
“Okay, fine, Daddy. I love you!”
“I love you too!” he said, and punched the touchscreen. The display on the device went dark.
“A father’s love for his daughter…it warms my heart,” came a voice from behind him. Gibbons stood up and turned to see a short, small African American man wearing a crisp white blazer. A thick bundle of books was cradled under one arm. The other arm was extending a hand out to Gibbons. He grasped the hand and shook it.
“Ibrahim. So good to see you. Can I take those?”
“Hey now, that’s Dr. Ndiaye to you!” he said through a laugh. He handed the books to Gibbons, who took them and tilted them up to examine their spines.
“Being and Nothingness? Critique of Dialectical Reason? The Myth of Sisyphus? Having a little existentialism over the summer, were we?”
Ibrahim laughed, a deep booming that ricocheted off the walls of the cramped office like a bullet. Gibbons stood on his tiptoes and placed the books on the shelf.
“Oh, no. I saw that the literature department was having a used book sale outside the humanities building on my way in. I got the three of them for a dollar and a quarter! I brought them up here thinking that someone might have use for them. If nothing else, they can keep poor Plato up there company.”
“Yeah, do you even know who left that up there? I don’t think it’s been touched in years.”
“I have no idea. I assume by your demeanor that you have already had your first class for the day, yes?”
“Yeah, I had a nine o’clock Critical Thinking. What’s got you here so early?”
“Ancient Philosophy at eleven. I want to get all of my syllabi and my rosters for the day together so that I do not have to return to this pale dungeon of an office any more today. How is Ashleigh? Is she getting settled at the prestigious University of Kentucky?”
“Well, she’s enrolled, but we are having some…discussions about her living arrangements.  I’ve already paid for her to stay in a dorm and even got her a resident parking pass, but she wants to stay in a rental house with her friends.”
“I see.  Dilemma’s such as that are what makes me so happy that I never had children.”
“Well, that and you being a former Catholic priest who never married might have something to do with it as well.”
“True, true. I can state unequivocally however, that Ashleigh is one of the most intelligent and beautiful young ladies I have ever had the pleasure to encounter. She’s very intelligent, and very willful. I think that you should have little to worry about. She will be a success regardless of whether or not she lives in a residence hall.”
“Yeah, I guess you’re right.”
“Oh, and before I forget to mention it, I saw Doctor Haskell walking this way.” A look of grave concern came over the older man’s face. “She did not look particularly pleased.  So if you were thinking about talking to her…” 
“Today might not be the best day. Thanks for the assist there. Well, I’m going to head over to the I.T. Building and get some lunch. I’ll catch up with you later. You’ll have to tell me how your sabbatical went.”
“Oh, it was positively lovely. Take care, my friend!”
Gibbons grabbed his papers, shoved them into a leather bag, and walked out of the office. He turned out of the faculty office and into the department office, where a clearly hung over student assistant sat behind a desktop computer, clicking a mouse and watching the screen with glazed, bloodshot eyes. A wall of large manilla envelopes and papers surrounded her like a fortress on either side. Gibbons had given up feeling sorry for these peons a long time ago, and walked out of the office without so much as an eyebrow lift. He crossed the walkway to the elevator, which conveniently stood across from the Philosophy department offices. He pressed the button, waited for the chime, and then entered the elevator. When the door closed, he went to push the button for the ground floor, but then paused. Doctor Haskell was probably on the second floor, the floor beneath him. Probably on her way to her office, if old habits truly did die hard.  His finger hovered over the button, a black numeral “2” on a white plastic backing.  Before he could think any further, his finger moved and pressed the button, hard, almost as though his body had made the decision for him. His body had made other decisions about her, ones that his intellectual, rational mind most certainly would not have made, so why not another one? His heart began to pound heavily in his chest. It had been almost the entire summer since he had seen her, or called her. A wine soaked evening, back in May, where two adults had a little too much to drink in celebration of another Academic year coming to a close and then…well as the Greeks were fond of saying, “wine and children always tell the truth.” It was a memorable night, despite the alcohol. They had utterly lost themselves, their composure, their academic veneer, in passionate, unbridled lust. Her intensity and energy in the bed had unnerved him, almost frightened him. Her total abandonment during sex was something that he was not used to. Not that the experience was altogether unenjoyable. He had, on a level so base that he barely admitted it to himself, loved every second of it. Her passion had caused his own to catch fire, and he too began to lose himself, his dignity, his very mind, in their lovemaking. Which was the very reason he had not called, texted, emailed or otherwise attempted to communicate with her over the summer. She had told him that she was going to stay in town and teach British and American Literature over the summer session. He had told her he was going to hold a summer lecture series in Ontario, Canada. However, he had actually spent the entire summer in Stanton, holed up in his house with his reference books, working on his analysis of existential predicates in the predicate calculus, a topic which usually held his mind enthralled with it’s application to symbolic logic, it’s contribution to rigid, unflinching order. He mused, as he exited the elevator and stepped onto the floor that held the Department of Languages, that had he not had such a wild night last May, the necessary work to complete his paper might have been more easily accomplished. The only person apart from the Dean and the Philosophy department chair who knew where he really was had been Ibrahim, and he knew he could trust that man, regardless of the circumstances. He turned right, noticing how the concrete blocks that made these walls had been repainted since the last time he was here. They were once a pale grey, but that pale grey had been replaced by a rich maroon, that shone starkly against the grey carpet of the floor he walked on. The faded scent of fresh paint hung in the air. Signs dangled from the ceiling, indicating the directions to the various language departments, French, German, English…He gulped and turned down the hall to the English department, noting that a group of students, many of them locals, he could tell by the clothing, had gathered in front of the offices and were busily flipping through textbooks and laughing. Thank god his daughter couldn’t come to this university. He wouldn’t want her to be…tainted by an association with these people. As he looked up to walk into the doorway to the English department office, a slender young woman, short auburn hair draped over her pale cheeks, walked out of it, and stopped in front of him. Her large, almond-shaped eyes held his steadily while she slung a cloth bag filled with books and papers over her shoulder.
“Hello, Jared.” she said, her eyes unwavering. An awkward silence filled the air between them while Gibbons sought for something, anything, to say to her. Finally he blurted out a response.
“Hi.” he said. “You’re not mad at me?”
“Why should I be mad at you?” her eyes began to twinkle. Or perhaps gleam, Gibbons wasn’t quite sure.
“Well because I didn’t…”
“What, because you didn’t call me back? Or email me? Or even text? There’s nothing to be angry about. You had to go to Canada and I stayed here. We were both busy. We’re both adults, right?”
Gibbons sighed. Haskell began to walk down the way he had come, so he turned and began to walk with her.
“That’s such a relief. I thought you’d be angry with me somehow.”
“No, the only thing that would make me angry is if you lied to me.” Her voice turned icy. “You didn’t lie to me did you, Jared?”
Gibbons swallowed and prepared to speak.
“Because if you did lie to me, it would make me mad, but worse, it would make you seem really pathetic. I mean, a man of your age and in your profession, being a Philosophy professor, a man supposedly dedicated to the preservation of truth and wisdom and other high-minded ideals, lying to a woman that he slept with so that he could avoid her? I mean, clearly I don’t have such miserably bad taste in men, do I Jared?”
Gibbons felt like a prisoner who had just been walked to the gallows, met the hooded man who would pull the lever, and had taken his place on the platform. The rope was set, and the noose? Inescapably tight. There was no escape.
“Tracie, let me explain.” he said as they arrived at the elevator. She said nothing, yet continued to glare at him while she pushed the down button. The door slid open and while the door closed, she jammed the ground button with her thumb and stared off into a distant nothing.
“You’re a bastard, Jared. Did you think I wouldn’t know? For a Doctor of Philosophy, you’re something of a bonehead. Think about this. This university is the life’s blood of this community. The nearest city is Stanton, a major metropolis of some 1500 people. That’s not many. We faculty are pretty tight with each other, and we know each other’s faces. Did you really think that you would not be seen or noticed by anyone, and that even if you were that it wouldn’t find it’s way back to me that you were still here?”
“Listen, let me…”
“You know, I spent the entire summer waiting for you to call me. I knew you were in town the entire time, but I never called you. I wanted to know if you really were that pathetic. If you were ever going to own up. I almost emailed you once. I was going to pretend that you were in Canada, just to see if you were going to keep up the lie. Right now, I wish I had. God.”
Gibbons turned, stunned into silence by the barrage. He looked at his shoes and swallowed deeply.
“Tracie, I’m sorry. I really am. It’s just that you kinda…freaked me out a little.”
“In what way did I freak you?”
“Well, you know…with the way you were in bed with me.  I’m not used to that kind of energy, that kind of vigor. It was unexpected.”
“And, good news for you, it’s something that you won’t ever need to concern yourself with, ever again. Be a man.” The elevator slid to a halt and chimed, and the doors opened. Haskell adjusted the bag over her shoulder and walked out. Gibbons followed.
“Tracie, look. At least let me take you out to dinner or something so I can make it up to you.”
She stopped in the middle of a stride and turned to face him in one swift motion.
“No, Doctor Gibbons. You are a pathetic spoiled brat and a liar. Even if I wanted to forgive you, which I don’t, I would never be able to trust you again. Not ever. I thought you and I really connected that night. I felt like I knew you somehow. I felt like you and I could be really close and become something really special. But to find out that you lied to me, and were actually hiding from me? And now I find out that it’s just because of something so lame as that? You were freaked out by a woman who knows what she wants in bed? How insane is that? How ludicrous is that? All you had to do was have the balls to just tell me that I was too much for you. You could have just told me, and then we wouldn’t be having this horrible conversation right here in front of God and everybody. All you had to do was tell the truth, and you couldn’t. Have a good year, professor.” She turned and walked off, her pumps clicking on the cobblestone walkway as she went.
Gibbons, crestfallen, sighed deeply and then turned to go the opposite way. As he left, he caught a glimpse of a skinny, bald man, with hawkish eyes that seemed too large for his head sitting on a bench staring at him. The man was short, and wearing the traditional uniform of a local, a long sleeved red plaid flannel shirt and faded bib overalls. He wore bruised and mangled flip flops on his dirty feet, and his fingers, long and slender, dangled off the side of the bench as the old man gripped it. The old man smiled at him, his mouth completely bereft of teeth.
Gibbons snorted in derision, then stepped up his pace to get to the I.T. Building for a lunch that he thought would be well deserved but impossible to enjoy. He turned to look at the old man on the bench as he walked away.  The man’s penetrating gaze followed him. Gibbons could see a twinkle in those eyes. The inner light of a man who was laughing to himself.
Chapter Three
Ashleigh Gibbons was not a woman given to flights of fancy, at least by her reckoning. Growing up with a father who’s life revolved around logic and rationality tended to make her very clear about what was fact and what was not. From him, she had learned the craft of organization, of making plans and sticking to them, and she had done quite well for herself using her father’s methods. She was going to a good school. She could have gone to a better one. Yale, Harvard and Princeton had all sent her letters, courting, attempting to pique her interest. And she was indeed interested. Her father would have adored her going to Yale and getting a degree there like he had, maybe even staying there long enough to receive the Doctorate in Political Science that she had her eye on. She probably would have went, had it not been for her mother. Growing up with her had taught her toughness, grit, and determination. None of this was taught directly. Her mother had been a drunk, a narcissist and a manipulator, all qualities that served her quite well when she had to negotiate multi-million dollar real estate swindles for a living.  She did it well, Ashleigh mused. There had never been any want when Ashleigh was a child, even while her father was working all the time, teaching for a miserable pittance during the days and working on his dissertation at night and on the weekends. She remembered the wrinkle on his face, between his eyebrows, as he sat in front of their ancient electronic word processor, tapping the keys, stopping only to jot down some bit of information on a bright yellow legal pad or to thumb through some monstrous tome or other, checking his facts and making sure to cite his sources. She had been four then, still a hopeful child. She believed her Daddy when he told her that Mommy would be home that night, she believed it every time he told her. And sometimes she did come home, reeking of brandy and talking so loudly that the volume hurt her ears. But she was still Ashleigh’s mother, and Ashleigh had inherited her obstinate streak. It helped her cope, on those days when Carolyn got so drunk that her nine year old daughter had to drag her off the kitchen floor and put her into bed. It helped her cope when her mother had almost killed a family of five in a DUI back when they were living in Cleveland. It helped her cope even more on the day that she and her father left Carolyn, drunk as usual, for good. Ashleigh barely thought that the old lush had even noticed that her family had left her. That was seven years ago. There had been sporadic visits since. High School Graduation, a few summer trips. Carolyn had moved from Cleveland to New York City, mainly because she could walk rather than drive a car there, and her shrewdness and skills at the negotiating table could provide even more money than she had. This difficult, strenuous and rigorous upbringing had strengthened her though. She knew what she wanted, she knew how to get it, and she was keenly aware of all the obstacles that could stand in her way, and, best of all, she had plans for how to either get around them or through them. So, she elected to attend the University of Kentucky, so that she could be independent, but still close to the only parent she considered herself to be close to. None of this was serving her now, this very second, while she sat in the passenger seat of Tobey’s black Hummer, barreling down a pitted gravel road surrounded by trees so tall and thick that she couldn’t even see the blue of the sky above them. Her stomach gurgled as the massive sport utility vehicle bounded up and down through the pot holes and small ditches that lined the dirt road. They had left Campton Road, the paved one, about a mile ago, to turn off onto a gravel road. It was wide enough for two vehicles to pass each other, but just barely. The bits of gravel flying up and popping against the bottom of the Hummer had set her nerves, and her teeth, on edge. She felt each individual pop in the side of her head, and for a while it sounded as though someone was making microwave popcorn. But even that was better than the left turn, down a precipitous hill that they had just recently made. She had gripped the handle then, worried that the Hummer would flip and roll on her side. Fortunately, they had made it, but they had turned onto a dirt road that was barely visible from the gravel pit that they had just traversed. It was an actual dirt road, like something she would have seen in a movie. As the Hummer barreled down the bare, whitish yellow dirt, a vast cloud of dust sprayed out from behind, coating the trees and grass that lined the way with a fine coat of grit. Every time the Hummer hit a ditch and bounded up into the air, she regretted having the spaghetti for lunch with her father. He had tried, as he promised, to convince her to move into the dorm. She was hearing none of it. She had already made up her mind, and that was that. Her father had tried, but had once again failed. She would have the Bursar send him a check and all would be well in her world. She wanted to live, to experience the rawness of life, just her and her friends, and that meant living on their own without some R.A. Or some stupid roommate to have to deal with. She was in a mood to experiment with life and see where it took her. She was invulnerable.
“Hey Tobey?” came a sheepish voice from the back seat, “are we gonna get there soon?” Stacey whined. “I have to pee really bad.”
“Yeah, it should just be up here.” Tobey said, his long, straight blonde hair dangling down over his right eye. Ashleigh loved it. She loved the way that his hair bounced off of his tanned face, and the way the stubble on his chin curled down and back toward his neck. But what she loved the most was the way that the bright green of his eyes stood out against the blond hair and tanned skin. She loved everything about him, but there was one thing that she wasn’t quite sure about, which was whether or not she actually loved him. She loved all the things that he did for her…and to her, but the question of love, of happiness and spending a future with him was something that her mind and heart had not yet answered. He didn’t seem to be on her level intellectually, but then again, so few people were.
“Bro, you said that this wasn’t going to take a long time. It’s been like two hours.  Where is the sign you were looking for?” called Jason’s voice. His head was perched on Stacey’s shoulder. He was clearly miserable, which was no shock to Ashleigh. He had eaten enough in one sitting for any three people. The bumpy ride was getting to him, too. 
“I’m looking for the crossed trees. They make a big X. They’ll be up on the right side, any minute now, I swear.” Ashleigh turned to survey the situation in the back seat. Stacey and Jason were slumped together in green, nauseated, misery, while Jen and Bryan were making out, utterly oblivious to anything other than the feel of their tongues and hands exploring each other’s flesh. Ashleigh didn’t know Bryan very well. He was Tobey’s best friend, and his basketball team mate. Stacey and Jen had been her friends since high school, and they had all worked to get accepted to UK together and had succeeded. Jason and Stacey had met at freshman orientation and had hit it off and started dating almost immediately, which is where she met Tobey. She had seen him before then though, playing basketball on an outdoor court near the campus. Seeing him there had piqued her interest, but when she saw him at the orientation, she made her move. He fell for her immediately, which was something she was used to with boys that she wanted. It hadn’t taken her long to get him. But the way Jen and Bryan were carrying on in the back seat made her concerned. Jen always was the type to rush into things without thinking, and while she trusted Tobey, she didn’t know Bryan at all, and seeing them crawling and groping all over each other seemed like a mistake that Jen would later regret in the making. Tobey patted her on the thigh, disturbing her reverie.
“Keep your eyes out for two big trees that are crossed, making a big X.  It’ll be on your side.” he said.
Ashleigh dutifully turned and resumed looking out the window. To her, asking her to look for two specific trees in the depths of this forest was ridiculous.
“All I see are big trees, Tobey.” Ashleigh said.
“Yeah, but they’re really big, like huge.”
Ashleigh sighed.
As they drove, the dirt road itself seemed to be disappearing before them. The bare earth was starting to become filled in with patches of grass as they drove, and a definite smear of green was starting to appear in between the dusty and worn tire tracks. Ashleigh was not a country girl by any stretch of the imagination, but her common sense was telling her that either the road was coming to an end and they’d missed something, or nobody had been down this far along this trail in a very long time.
“Tobey, I thought you said you knew this place?  We are in the Boone National Forest, right? Where are the signs for the trailheads?” At that moment, Tobey’s eyes lit up.
“There they are!” he said, pointing through the right side of the windshield. There, at the edge of the tree line, two large sycamore trees had grown past each other at an angle, their branches intertwining and pulling them toward each other. Ashleigh thought it was beautiful. It almost seemed like they were desperate for each other and were locked in perpetual embrace. The road, however, had disappeared completely, and somewhat abruptly. Trees and bushes formed a line at the end of the trail, and went on as far as the eye could see in either direction. What was a dirt road now appeared to have become a dead end. To their right, beside and nestled behind the crossed trees was a clearing with low grass and mounds of freshly dug earth. Probably just trash and fire pits that had been dug by previous campers and hikers, Ashleigh mused.
“Dude, you could have just said it was at the end of the trail, we would have believed you.” Bryan said as he slammed the door shut on the Hummer. Jason and Jen had opened up the trunk and were pulling out all of their camping gear, while Stacey ran into the woods looking for a convenient spot to relieve herself, the bright blue of her University of Kentucky tee shirt disappearing amongst the green and brown of the trees.
“I know, but that’s weird. I’m sure that the trail goes on for at least another half a mile at least, and I was just down here in April. I don’t see how it could have just grown up so fast.” Tobey walked up to the end of the trail and surveyed the border to the vast forest that stood before him. He kicked at a large oak tree that towered into the sky. “I don’t know.” he paused, considering the situation. “Fuck it.” he said, and turned to help Jason and Jen unload the trunk. Bryan was looking at the bottom of the Hummer and whistling as he approached.
“Dude, you’re dad is gonna be so pissed at you. The running boards and ground effects are trashed from all that fucking gravel.” he said
Tobey looked down to survey the damage. He shrugged.
“Fuck it.” he said. “It’s my truck, Dad bought it for me. If he didn’t want me to be able to drive anywhere he should have bought me a piece of shit Kia or something.” He laughed. Bryan followed suit, pulling out a cigarette and lighting it. The two of them arrived at the lift gate of the Hummer, where Jen and Jason continued to unload nylon bags and backpacks filled with hiking and camping equipment. The late afternoon sun beat down on them in the damp, oppressive humidity, and soon their clothes were drenched and reeking of sweat.
Ashleigh had left the group and surveyed the campsite, a flat, circular clearing, surrounded by the forest on all sides except for the trail that led back to the Hummer and the dirt road that they had just arrived on. She found a fire pit, long covered, surrounded by tall grass and various weeds and thistles. Small bushes, covered in thorns, sat squat on the ground, their foliage unfurling under the pounding summer sunlight. From all around her came the sounds of raw, unfettered nature, the cicadas and grasshoppers sending their droning calls into the air, the tweets and whistles of the birds as they dashed through the trees and soared overhead. She heard the crunching and swishing sound of leaves being trampled through in the woods as Stacey made her way back from her bathroom break. She continued scanning the ground, and soon Ashleigh found an area that was reasonably flat and close to the fire pit that was blessedly free from the presence of the thorny bushes. She turned and called to the others, who were still gathered around the Hummer, picking up the camping equipment that they had brought with them.
“Hey, guys! I found a spot but there’s all this grass that’s grown up here! How are we going to get the tents set up!”
“Don’t sweat it!” Tobey called back, hoisting a pack over his shoulder. “We’ll just cut it down!”
The group soon had all of the bags and backpacks in a pile on the ground. After some brief discussion about how to orient the front of the tents in relation to the fire pit, Tobey turned to the pile and began sifting through it. He withdrew a case of thick, black leather from one of the nylon bags and sat it on the ground.  Grabbing a zipper pull that ran along the outside of the flat, rectangular bag, he slid it around the outer edge, unzipping it. He flipped the top flap over and slid two machetes out of the case, their unsharpened areas painted black, but the cutting edges glinting and shining in the sunlight. He handed one of them the Bryan, and he took the other. Then they walked to opposite sides of the grassy clearing and began to grab the tops of the grass and chop at the bases of the plants.
Jason turned to the girls.
“Let’s get all of the stuff ready to go while they are cutting out the grass so we can get it set up fast.” he said, and soon all of them were working, Tobey and Bryan flailing away at the grass and weeds, while Jason, Ashleigh, Stacey and Jen busied themselves with unpacking the tents, and separating out their supplies. They piled tin cans and food in one area, stacking three coolers next to a folding table they had brought, along with a gas fueled camping stove. Soon, Tobey and Bryan’s shirts were soaked with sweat, and they pulled them off and tied them around their waists. After a while, they had cleared the grassy area entirely down to the ground, and had piled all the cuttings into a small crevasse just inside the tree line. Both of them were covered in plant debris, dirt and sweat, but the area was bare, except for the dirt mounds and the piles of camping equipment. Tobey looked at his watch.
“All right, you guys. I wanna get this all set up so we can hit the lake and get clean before it gets dark.” he said. They launched into action, pulling out the tent pieces and assembling them, building the frames, sliding the nylon and mesh materials onto them, pulling the cords tight and driving the metal stakes into the ground. As the sun began to descend into the west, the campsite had taken shape. Three tents were erected in front of the fire pit, lined up in a crescent shape with one tent next to another. In between them and the fire pit was the short table with the camp stove, and the coolers were lined up underneath the table.
Wiping sweat and swatting at the bugs that were now attempting to devour her, Ashleigh grinned.
“I don’t know about you guys, but I’m up for some skinny dipping.”
“Fuck yeah!” Jen said. A contagious smile began to spread across their faces.
“Lead the way Tobey!” Ashleigh said, smashing a bug that had bit her leg. “You said the lake was close.”
“Yeah,” he said. “Its right down this trail here.” He turned to the tree line and pointed to a gap in the trees where a trail started, winding its way down the hill and into the woods.  “Let’s go.” He picked up a fallen branch and began to brandish it like the staff of Moses.  “Get a bag to put our clothes in.” he said to no one in particular. Ashleigh leaned into her and Tobey’s tent and rummaged through their packs, pulling out a blue nylon drawstring bag with the UK logo on it. Everyone else had disappeared over the hill and down the trail into the woods, and Ashleigh jogged after them, finally catching up with them as they entered the woods. The trees and leaf litter surrounded them quickly, and as they continued down the hill the smell and sound of the forest became overwhelming. Their laughing voices were drowned out by the sounds of all the insects buzzing and chirping, an unearthly chorus of noise. Soon they turned and as they descended, other hills rose around them. They were descending into valley in the woods, surrounded by hills that rose on either side, the trees standing like dark, leafy sentinels that soundlessly observed their approach. Tobey walked at the head of the group, using his staff to clear branches and leaves out of the way of the trail. Ashleigh thought she could make out the sound of rushing water over the noise of insects.
“Make sure to watch out for the poison ivy” he said, pointing at a small, leafy specimen as he passed it.
Ashleigh dashed forward from behind the group to walk between Tobey and Bryan. They had been having a hushed conversation, one that abruptly ended as she arrived and took her place between them. Ashleigh noted the silence.
“What were you guys talking about?” she asked, forcing her voice into a cheerful tone.
“Nothing. Just making plans for tomorrow.” Tobey said. He pointed the stick in front of them, at the bottom of the hill they were descending. “There it is.” At the base of the valley, where several downhill slopes converged was a large pool, fed by a rushing waterfall that seemed to just appear from a rocky overhang at the base of one of the hills that surrounded them, it’s clear water reflecting the green of the trees and the pale orange of the early evening sky that could be seen from the gap in the foliage above them.
“Eww.” said Jen as they approached it, curling her plastic surgery perfect nose up in disgust.  “It’s got leaves floating in it. Nasty.”
“Like Lake Cumberland doesn’t have bugs in it? God, you’re stupid.” Stacey snapped. “Come on! I’ll race you!” She said to Jason, throwing off her shoes and gathering them with her tee shirt and bra as she ran. Her pale skin stood out against all the dark loam of the earth and trees around them as she ran. Jason responded with a laugh and began to run after her, peeling his sticky tee shirt off as he ran. They stopped at the water’s edge and finished stripping their clothes off. Jason waded into the water first, up to his ankles. Then he turned to Tobey.
“You’re sure this is okay to swim in, right?” he asked.
Tobey grinned.
“Of course it is. I swim down here every time I camp here. It’s great. There’s no fish or anything in it, the water is clean because it’s all fed by springs. No creeks or anything.” As if to punctuate his statement, he stopped and began to strip off his clothing as well.  “It’s also nice and deep.” He handed his clothes to Ashleigh and then ran, full tilt, to the edge of the pool and dove in. Stacey then jumped in as well, running past Jason. Soon, all of them, including Jen, were naked in the frothing pool, the cold water splashing down from the outcropping roaring and foaming. Ashleigh swam to the waterfall and let the cold water pour over her, feeling the coolness wash over her. Tobey splashed up from underneath the water next to her, then pulled her close to him.
“Hi.” he said, with a leering grin.
“Hi.” she replied, a grin on her face as well. He leaned down and kissed her as the cold water washed over them. They continued splashing and  squealing and laughing until the light began to fade, and the darkness seemed to seep from behind the trees like some black mist. The crickets were coming out and getting louder, and little flashes of bioluminescent light told them that the fireflies had emerged to begin their nighttime courtships. They decided to get out and go back to camp.
When they had all emerged from the pool, they noticed it.
“Ash, where did you put the bag with the clothes” Stacey asked, searching the ground near where she had entered the pool.
“It should be right there.” she said, stepping out of the pool and running her hair back out of her face with both hands. “I left it next to that rock there.”
“It’s not there.” Stacey said.
“What?”
“What’s going on?” Jason asked.
“The bag with our clothes in it is gone.” Ashleigh said.  A bubble of a thought burst in her mind. She turned to Tobey. “Ha, ha, very funny guys.” she said to Tobey and Bryan, who had emerged from the pool as well.
“What?” Tobey asked.
“You know what. Don’t play dumb with me. I know you had this set up. That’s what you guys were talking about on the way down here.” Ashleigh said.
“Uh, no it wasn’t” Bryan said. “Where’s our fucking clothes, it’s getting dark.” he demanded.
“I swear they were right here. I left them right next to that rock,” she said pointing at the small grey granite block. “I deliberately put the bag there so I wouldn’t lose track of it.”
“My inhaler’s in that bag!” Stacey said. “I only brought two with me!”
“Fuck! All right.” Tobey said. “Who’s hiding the fucking bag?”
Nobody spoke.
“Did anyone see anything come by here? A raccoon or anything?” Ashleigh asked.
“I didn’t see anything.” Jen said.
“Neither did I.” said Jason.
“Well, fuck. Fan out and see if you can find it anywhere.” Tobey said. “But be fucking careful, there’s poison ivy all over the place here.”
The group spread out, looking through the underbrush to try to find their lost belongings. Stacie examined the rock to see if there was any indication that the bag had been drug away by an animal, but she found nothing. Soon the trees themselves became almost impossible to see in the weakening light, and stars were visible in the indigo sky above the pool. The graying shadows, growing darker by the second, sent an chill down her naked flesh, and Ashleigh spoke up so that everyone else could hear her.
“Guys, look, it’s getting dark. Let’s just go back to camp and get more clothes and get a fire going.” Her friends voiced their agreement, and, naked and swatting at the mosquitoes that assailed them endlessly, they worked their way back up the hill to the campsite. Ashleigh breathed a sigh of relief to find the campsite exactly as they had left it. They each piled into their respective tents, reaching for flashlights and camping lanterns, going through backpacks and bags to find clothing and insect repellent. Bryan and Tobey emerged first and began to scour the area near the tree line with their flashlights, looking for fallen branches to put on the fire. Stacey went into the tent she shared with Jason, and began cursing as she searched for a replacement inhaler. The cursing stopped, and Stacey emerged with a fresh inhaler, which she promptly placed into her shorts pocket. When all of them had emerged from the tents, in fresh clothing, a pile of dry timber had been mixed with grass clippings in the fire pit. Tobey reached into one of the coolers and pulled out a bottle of pure grain alcohol and poured some of it on the dead grass. Then, borrowing Bryan’s lighter, he lit a the pile, which burst into a bluish flame. The dry tinder and branches caught, and soon there was a crackling blaze in the fire pit. They sat in silence around the fire, as the nocturnal sound of the woods began to rise around them, surrounding them in a monotonous drone of life that the night had hidden from their sight. Jason was the first to speak.
“It was probably a raccoon or something. That’s got to be it.” he said.
“Yeah, I’m sure that’s what it was.” Jen said, curling up to Bryan’s shoulder they sat in their folding cloth chairs in front of the fire.
“Don’t worry about it, guys. We’ll find it in the morning. And besides, even if we don’t, it’s just some clothes. Who gives a fuck? I’m hungry.” Tobey said, pulling the coolers out from under the table. He flipped them open and began rummaging through them. “Ash, give me a hand here.” She sat up from her folding chair. “Turn on the camp stove.” he said. She went to metal camp stove and lifted the top. There were two burners on it.  She grabbed a nearby flashlight and flicked it on, read the instructions, and soon the stove was ablaze. Despite all the warmth around her, and the activity, Ashleigh still felt that cold chill down her back that she had felt in the woods. She knew what she needed.
“Stacey, get out the stereo and give us some music. Let’s get this party rolling.” she said. Stacie dutifully complied, going into her tent and returning with a battery powered stereo and a portable music player. After plugging the portable device into the stereo, she pushed play on the player and soon the area was awash in pop music, the bass so loud they could feel it throbbing in the ground under their feet. Slowly, as she and Tobey began to put skillets on the stove burners and cook the steaks and veggies they had brought with them, she began to feel better. The others did as well, and as the beer and shots followed the meal, their mood lifted, and they ate their feast and drank, and began to dance next to the fire, under the stars, while the trees and the darkness surrounded them. As the alcohol began to take hold, they could no longer dance, so they retreated to the fire, or to their tents, and met the darkest part of the night inebriated and horny. They kissed and groped, stimulated and aroused, and as the fire began to die they all ended up in their tents, drunk and exhausting themselves until finally, they slept.
Chapter Four
The orange August sunset blazed through a gap in the blinds that sat before Gibbon’s massive, intricately carved oak desk, managing yet again to annoy him by focusing a precise beam of brilliant light directly into his eyes. Shortly after purchasing the small house in Stanton and having several burly men move his belongings in, including this desk, he had discovered the error of having the big men position it before a west-facing window. He had intended to spend his time in the mornings here, doing whatever he needed to do while having the blinds open and watching the forsythia and crape myrtle bushes that were planted along the south facing wall where they received sunlight from dawn until dusk. They had been carefully trimmed when he moved in, but in the years since he had neglected them and they had grown wild and tangled with each other. Gibbons knew next to nothing about gardening, and he had intended to call a landscaping company to come and care for them, but had never gotten around to it. Part of it was that he was in fact busy. The other part was the nagging suspicion that if he had used a local landscaper, they would inevitably mock him silently for not knowing anything about gardening but be one of those rich uppity types from the University. He could hear the sarcasm-laced drawl in his mind even now, dripping out of a mouth stained with chewing tobacco and smelling of Pabst Blue Ribbon. As it was, he more often spent evenings here, and had the custom wood blinds closed to keep the world outside. He shifted his seated body to the right a little, so that the light from outside would shine onto the far wall of his study behind him. Perhaps some heavy curtains would be in order.
He sat before his laptop, surrounded on either side by stacks of books, many of them opened to pages that had been dogeared and marked up, with passages colored with highlighter pens and red-inked notations made in the margins. The books varied in thickness, from slim volumes to massive tomes. The names on the books were those well known to Gibbon’s profession, names like Bertrand Russell, Gottlob Frege, Don Kalish, Richard Montague. The opened book on the top of the stack was a slender booklet entitled, “The Structure of the System of Strict Implication” by Clarence Irving Lewis. It was less a document of words than it was a diagram of symbols, laid out on the pages in rigid rows and sequences. It appeared to be an incomprehensible language, but to Gibbons the rows of symbolic logic propositions on the page were completely clear. His own work, that which every academic must “publish or perish”, was based upon the very diagrams before him. His doctoral dissertation had been titled “Strict Implication and Existential Predicates: A Case for Derived Existence in the Propositional Calculus.” In it, he had attempted to prove, through derivations and symbolic logical operations, that when the rules of Lewis’ system were applied to propositional operations that included an existential instantiation from Russell’s system, the resulting instantiated variable must indeed exist, at least as far as the concept of “existence” had any meaning within the proposition. He had defended his dissertation well enough to receive his Doctoral degree, but after all these years, he had only been able to define the parameters of his theory. He had been published in enough peer-reviewed journals to retain his academic credentials, but he had yet to formulate a system of his own, a method of his own, to publish. Such was the work he was attending to now, as he flipped pages back and forth in the booklet and scribbled seemingly arcane symbols onto a notepad by his laptop. But the work tonight was not going well. His attention kept falling away from the calculations he was attempting back to the dinner he had with Ashleigh and her friends earlier that day. They had all gathered at the local greasy spoon, the only restaurant in Stanton that did not belong to a fast food franchise. He had met one of her friends before, Stacey, but the rest of them were unknown to him. He had paid particular attention to the new boy in her life, Tobey. He seemed to be a typical jock, the kind of boy that Ashleigh tended to favor, and he had the usual list of characteristics that she preferred in a boy. A nearly Nordic look and complexion, blond hair, blue eyes, a strong, angular jaw and athletic build. The rest of her companions seemed normal too, except for the young man named Bryan. He seemed a little too uptight and quiet to Gibbons, but he was willing to allow for shyness to be the explanation. He had tried, and failed quite miserably, to convince his daughter to move into the residence hall that he had paid for. She was having none of it. While he admired her stubbornness, it worried him. The best he was able to get from her was an opportunity to come to the house that she was renting and inspect it, as well as the neighborhood that it was situated in, to see if it met his standards. For her part, she seemed sure that this would not be an issue. He didn’t want to press her in front of her friends, so he suppressed his worry and agreed to the proposal. He hadn’t yet decided on whether or not his mind would be as open when he finally took her up on the offer and drove to Lexington to check things out. Arising from his reverie, he jotted a note onto his notepad to contact the University of Kentucky to see how long she had after classes started to get the refund.
Gibbons sighed and ran a hand through his hair. So many things that he had meticulously planned had not turned out at all the way he structured them. Why couldn’t his life be as orderly as the logical propositions he worked with every day? Order flowed through them, locking them together with unflinching certainty. From the time he was awarded his Ph.D he had it all planned out. He and Carolyn would be happily married and would have one beautiful child to bestow upon the world. He would be a Professor at an Ivy League institution, she would be a fiery, red-headed real estate tycoon, and they would be fulfilled, rich and happy, and they would leave this world materially comfortable, secure, still in love and with a prodigious estate to leave to both their grandchildren and their community. He could see all of these events, and the words that described them, each symbolized into logical calculations and saw how all the premises could be derived with the usual logical operators, modus ponens, modus tollens, all of them unfolding into an elegant, logically consistent and ordered existence. Gibbons suppressed a chortle. Existence, such a strange and loaded word, even for a philosophical logician. What does it mean for something to exist, really? The fact of the matter was that even with such elegant logic at his disposal, there was no way to account for the chaos that had intruded upon his idealized, ordered life and changed it, transmuted it into the “existence” he currently endured. Perhaps the irrationalists had it right. Perhaps the “fuzzy” logicians, and the chaos mathematicians were modeling the actual state of the world, the one that logicians like himself had spent the last three thousand years trying to reduce to incontrovertible, internally consistent operations and mechanisms. Gibbons rose from his seat and walked over to a small table on the other side of his study, upon which rested a bottle of brandy and a few small brandy glasses turned upside down on a silver tray. He flipped one of the glasses over onto it’s base and opened the bottle, pouring enough of the golden liquid into the glass to fill it half full. He lifted the glass and sipped, even though the brandy hadn’t warmed yet, and felt the burn as the liquor flowed down his throat. His thoughts drifted away from his own self pity and back to his daughter who, at this moment, was up in the hills of the Daniel Boone National Forest, which sprawled across hill and hollow alike in a vast swath of land several miles past Bowen and RRU along Mountain Parkway. It was a national landmark, was routinely patrolled, had several well known and well walked trails and campsites. So why did he have this nagging fear in the back of his mind that his daughter was somehow in danger, that something was very wrong. He took another sip of the brandy and tried to dismiss the thoughts. He was merely experiencing the apprehensions of a father who had to let his daughter go and live her own life. He had raised her the best that he knew how, had tried to mold her into someone who both belonged to the world and could make it behave in the way she wished. That had to be enough. None of these thoughts had the least effect on the nagging feeling, however. He returned to this desk, brandy in hand, and sat before his laptop, the word processor program open to a blank, white page that seemed to dare him to put any words on it tonight. He sighed deeply and stared at the screen. The brandy was warming him now, and he continued to hold the glass, warming the liquor in return.
A faint scent began to register to him while he sat there, the smallest suggestion of rot, death and decay. He brought the brandy glass up to his nose to see if perhaps the glass was producing the smell, but apart from the vanilla aroma of the brandy he could detect nothing. The scent remained, and he recalled that earlier in the day, when he was leaving the restaurant with Ashleigh and her friends after dinner, that there had been a small dead sparrow lying next to the door of the restaurant. The scent had carried up to all of them as they left, but since the bird had just recently died, the reek of decay hadn’t become very powerful yet. He recalled that the entrails of the bird had been drawn out from the corpse, most likely the work of the cat who undoubtedly had killed the bird and left it at the restaurant’s entrance, probably in return for whatever leftovers were being left out for it at night. But then something else struck Gibbons as he sat nursing his brandy. The old man, the one in the red flannel shirt and bib overalls was there, sitting on a park bench across from the restaurant entrance. He was certain it was the same one because of the pointed ears and the overly long fingers. Their eyes had met, briefly, before the old man had closed his eyes and turned his face up to the summer sun, as if he were basking in it. Stanton was a small town, so the likelihood of seeing the same old man twice in a week was fairly high, but there was something unsettling about him showing up then. Both of those times had been when he was particularly emotionally vulnerable; with his daughter this evening, but the first time had been when he had his fight with Dr. Haskell earlier that week. A gloom seemed to gather around his head as his thoughts turned to her.
She was another situation that he had attempted to precisely order that had fallen to chaos. Perhaps he should have known that a female literature professor was going to be a random element that couldn’t be quantified and instantiated into a logical operation. He took another sip of the brandy, and decided to banish all of his worries that evening by focusing on the one that he could actually do something about. He pulled again on the brandy and reached for the smartphone that sat on the left corner of his desk. He slid his finger across the touchscreen and pulled up his contacts list. He scrolled until he reached her information, then pressed the button that would call Tracie Haskell’s home phone. As the phone on the end of the line began to ring, it occurred to Gibbons that it was Friday night, and that she may have plans. While there certainly was no night life for intellectuals like them here in Stanton, Lexington wasn’t that far off and was an established college town. There would be plenty for her to do if she had sought social refuge there. There was a click on the line as Tracie answered.
“Well now, you’re the last person I had expected to call me tonight.” she said. Her voice brought images of icicles to Gibbons mind. He downed the rest of the brandy.
“Hi, Tracie.” he said after a brief silence. He hadn’t planned out what he was going to say in advance, which left him fumbling. “I just wanted to let you know that you were right. I was a bastard. I should have called you instead of going out of my way to avoid you. I don’t know what I was thinking. It was…actually pretty lame of me, and I’m sorry. I hope you can forgive me for being such a jerk. There really is no excuse.”
“You’re quite correct, Doctor Gibbons…it was very lame of you. I haven’t been treated in such a way since before I got my driver’s license. Of all the ways to behave with a person, what you did was perhaps the most utterly juvenile thing I have ever experienced. You couldn’t even talk to me about it like an adult?”
Gibbons winced as the words came through the line. The worst part was that he knew she was absolutely right in everything she had said. Something inside of him broke, ever so slightly.
“No, look Tracie, you are right. I should have told you this. Here’s the thing, I…my whole life is about arranging things in the right way…beforehand. I guess you could say I’m a control-freak.”
“No, really?” she said, the sarcasm biting. Gibbons sighed.
“Look, let me say this and you don’t ever have to hear from me again if you don’t want to. I’m terribly sorry. I believed, very deeply, that I could make my life a certain way by making certain choices and cutting myself off from others. I thought I could control how life worked for me by controlling my own choices, and if that didn’t work I could control how other people’s choices affected me. For some stupid reason I’ve believed this most of my life. But lately I’ve come to realize that that’s not at all the case. As a matter of fact, I’ve come to realize that nothing has worked out at all the way I’ve planned it, and that I was expending a great deal of energy trying to control everything and everyone. It’s just not worth it, though. The thing with you is, I really liked you…like you. I still do. You’re still just as magnificent to me as you ever were. But what happened between us was something that, on some level, scared me because it was so uncontrollable. It was the complete opposite of everything I thought I should be and do. It was spectacular and so uninhibited that I felt threatened, and because I felt threatened I felt the need to exert some measure of control over the situation. It was like a panic, almost. What happened between us threatened everything that I thought my life should be, so I did what I did. It was completely wrong, and stupid and yes, juvenile. I had to control it and you in the only way that I thought I could, so I lied and I hid from you. I guess I was thinking that if you thought I was gone all summer that when the new semester started you would have moved on and found someone else and just would have written up what we did as some kind of drunken fling and then I’d be off the hook. But that’s not what happened.”
“No it wasn’t.” Tracie said. “Do you know why that is?”
“I have no idea.” Gibbons said.
“Well, your first mistake was thinking that you could predict my responses ahead of time…I’m a person, not a machine or some kind of mathematical equation. Second, I actually liked you. A lot. We wouldn’t have gotten as far as we did if I hadn’t. The idea that I’m the kind of girl who has ‘drunken flings’ is pretty insulting, actually. It sounds to me like you had a whole lot of notions in your head about who I am that had no basis in reality whatsoever. You don’t know me at all, despite all the time we spent.”
“You’re right. I was making decisions based on the idea of you that I had in my mind, not what my actual experiences of you were telling me.”
“Doctor Gibbons, can you stop being a philosopher for just once? It really bothers me that you didn’t pay attention to the real me. You’re not helping yourself out here.”
Gibbons rose from his seat and walked across his study to the brandy on the table. He sat his glass down, opened the bottle with one hand and refilled the glass as he spoke.
“I’m not trying to help myself out. I realize I’m pretty far beyond that at this point. I just want you to know that I’m really sorry for being such an ass. You’re right, I didn’t pay attention to the real you. That’s my loss.” he said, running his finger around the rim of the glass. “I haven’t been paying attention to much really. Just my own biases and bullshit. I never stopped to think that I might be wrong about everything. And it turns out that I am. I’m sorry.” Gibbons was surprised at how much truth flowed from his lips, as well as how unburdened he felt as he continued. “At least maybe now I can try to see people for who they actually are. Maybe it’s not too late for that. I wish I had told you all of this sooner. It feels good to talk to you like an adult. Anyway, that’s all I wanted. I guess I’ll see you around campus.” he said, indicating that he was attempting to end the conversation.
“Jared, wait.” Tracie said. “Look, we are all works in progress. You asked for my forgiveness, and you have it. It sounds like you’ve at least learned enough to rejoin the community of human adults. Maybe that will help you in the future. And maybe you should think about whether or not the way you look at the world is accurate. Correct perceptions lead to correct deductions, wouldn’t you agree?”
Gibbons smiled.
“Have you been reading philosophy over the summer?” he asked.
“No, actually I was reading a lot of Arthur Conan Doyle’s fiction.” she said.
“Doyle…and what did he write?” he said.
“Sherlock Holmes. Maybe you should venture out of the philosophical and actually read something interesting every now and then. Good night, Doctor Gibbons.”
“Good night, Doctor Haskell.” he said. As the line clicked to end the call, he looked around the whitewashed walls and filled bookcases of his study as the gray of evening saturated them, draping his sanctuary with a drab, stone veneer. He took a sip of his brandy and sat back at his desk, reaching over to flip the monitor of his laptop closed. He sat in the approaching gloom and realized that he had never felt so alone.
Chapter Five
The next morning, Ashleigh awoke, slightly groggy from the previous evening’s drinking. The gray light around them told her it was not long after dawn.  She sat up and looked out the mesh window in the back of her tent.  She saw a mist dancing past, obscuring her view of the trees. A mild chill was in the air, and the moisture had condensed on her hair and body while they had slept. She sat up and wriggled her way out of the sleeping bag she had shared with Tobey that night, and crawled over to her backpack and began to ruffle through it, looking for clothing. She was soon dressed and stepped outside the tent, rubbing her arms in the cool morning air. She sat in one of the folding chairs, and looked at the fire  pit, filled with ashes and embers still glowing red.  She took the stick that they had used to poke the fire with the previous evening and jabbed at the mass of burnt wood a few times, feeling the heat radiate from the pit. Sitting there in the chair, she soon became bored, staring at the never ending array of trees that surrounded her. To occupy herself, she went back into the tent and got her mobile phone, thinking that she would check to see if she had received any calls or messages. She powered up her phone, but when she looked to see her connectivity status, she had no bars at all, and her phone displayed “No Signal.” She sighed, then powered the phone down to preserve the battery, and went back into the tent and put the phone back into her backpack. She then plopped herself back into the folding chair, propped her head on her elbow and stared at the fire. Drowsiness began to settle on her as she replayed last night’s events in her mind, the swimming, the making out. When she thought about the disappearing clothing bag, however, a knot formed in her stomach and her heart began to flutter slightly. Something about that bothered her. But Jason was probably right, some animal had probably come across it and stole it while they weren’t paying attention. A raccoon, or a possum, or something like that. Accepting that as a rational explanation, however, did nothing to alleviate the nervousness and apprehension she felt. Some part of her knew that something was wrong with this. As she continued to mull the situation over in her mind, she began to doze off. As her mind began to form the dream images that would send her back into slumber, she heard a hiss that seemed to come from right next to her left ear.
Startled, she jumped awake and then saw a flash of a shadow that had been standing next to a tree to her left disappear, as though someone had retreated into the woods. But there was no sound of footsteps or rustling of any kind. Panic seized her, and as the adrenaline surged, she fell out of the chair and then stumbled back into her tent. Her breath caught in her throat and her hands shaking, she grabbed Tobey’s bared shoulder and began to shake him.
“Tobey! Tobey! Wake up! There’s someone out there! He’s watching us!” she said, her voice pitched high with fright.
Tobey stirred and awoke, dazed.
“Wh-what? What’s up?” he asked.
“There’s someone out there. I saw him, he was watching me from the trees!” she said.
Tobey slid out from under the sleeping bag and slipped on a pair of boxer shorts and then stepped out of the tent.  Ashleigh followed him.
“Where?” Tobey asked, grabbing one of the machetes from the branch they had left it embedded in the night before.
“There.” Ashleigh said, pointing at the area to the left side of the camp where the shadow had been standing. “I didn’t hear anything go into the woods. He might still be there! Be careful!” she said.
“Come on out, you fuck!” Tobey yelled. The only response was a rustling that came from the tents behind them as the other campers were awakened by all the commotion. “I know you’re back there!”
Ashleigh stood next to the fire pit. Soon, Stacey and Jason were at her side, yawning and bleary-eyed.
“What the fuck is going on?” came Bryan’s voice from the tent he shared with Jen.
Tobey, who up until this point had been sneaking toward the tree line, now held the machete out in front of him and charged into the woods, running between two large locust trees. He ran into the trees, stopped, and looked around.
“There’s nobody here.” he said. He turned and cast a disappointed glance at Ashleigh.
“What? Are you sure?” Ashleigh said, running up to the tree line despite her pounding heart. She crept up to the tree that she had saw the shadow move from and circled it. There was only twigs and leaves behind the tree, and those appeared to have not been disturbed at all in a very long time.
“Yeah, I’m sure.  Nothing.” he turned and looked through the trees. “I don’t see anything anywhere.”
“Fuck, dude.” Bryan said, stepping out of his tent. “We’ve only been asleep for like four hours. Can we at least get another one or two before we have to get up?” Jen was still in the tent, oblivious to what was going on around her in her deep slumber.
“Fuck that, I’m up already.” Stacey said. “I need coffee.” Jason agreed.
“Fuck all y’all. I’m going back to sleep.” Bryan said, and disappeared back inside his tent.
“Well, since we’re up already, let’s just get some breakfast. We’ll just get an extra head start on our hike today.” Tobey said, glaring at Ashleigh as he walked back to the tents. Ashleigh turned and looked at the woods again, and saw nothing but trees. She walked back to the tents, confused. Maybe she was just falling asleep and had it had just taken a few minutes for her mind to readjust. Yeah, that was it. She was imagining things, because she was spooked. She began to laugh at herself as she arrived back at the camp. A raccoon steals her clothes and she gets so spooked that she’s seeing things jump out from behind every shadow and tree. How pathetic, she thought. Her father would laugh at her about this. Utterly irrational, he would say. She had just let something with a completely rational and innocent explanation give her the creeps. She went to Tobey and took his arm.
“I’m sorry, I got freaked out there. I don’t know why. Thanks for coming to my rescue though.” she whispered to him. Tobey looked down at her and grinned.
“It’s okay, Ash. I would have gotten him for you.” he smiled.
“By the way, where are we going to hike today? I haven’t seen any trailhead markers anywhere near here.” 
“Well, that’s probably because we aren’t exactly in the Boone National Forest. Actually, we’re not even close.”
“We’re not?” Ashleigh said, confused.
“No. We’re way up in the hills on the other side of Nada, about ten miles this side of Boone and Natural Bridge and all that.” Ashleigh struggled to respond.
“Wait a minute. Did you lie to me? You told me that we were going to Boone. That’s what I told my dad and everyone else! What the fuck!”
“Don’t sweat it! I know where we are. I even brought my GPS, it’s in my backpack. We’re not going to get lost.”
“Well, if we’re not at Boone and we’re not going to see the formations, what are we doing here?” Ashleigh asked?
“Well…” Tobey paused, as if considering his words. “Bryan and I are here looking for something. You ever hear of geo-caching?”
“Isn’t that where someone hides something and then someone else uses a GPS to go find it?”
“Yeah, pretty much. We’re gonna go find something that one of Bryan’s friends left for us.”
“What is it?”
“Well, I don’t know exactly. We won’t know until we find it.”
“Okay.” Ashleigh said. The longer she stayed on this trip the worse she began to feel about it. First all of the trouble last night and this morning, and now she finds that she’s not where she was supposed to be. The anger began to rise within her. “You should have just fucking told me the truth, Tobey.” she said. “What the hell? I trusted you! Does anyone know where we are?”
“I don’t guess so. Who cares? We can call if we need help.”
“No we fucking can’t, Tobey. I tried to use my phone this morning and it couldn’t even get a signal.” Stacey and Jason busied themselves with making breakfast and coffee while their friends continued to argue.
“Bullshit.” Tobey said. He turned and went into the tent he shared with Ashleigh and emerged a few minutes later with his cellphone and his GPS. He powered them both on. Ashleigh saw the smirk in his eyes die as the devices refused to connect. “What the fuck?” he said. “This is weird. I can usually get a signal out here, on both of these.” He held them up as high as he could, but neither one registered connection to a network.
“See, Tobey? I fucking told you! What are we going to do if one of us gets hurt or something and we need to call for help?”
Bryan’s voice came out from inside his tent.
“Tobey, Bro! Shut your ho up! I need sleep!”
Ashleigh lost it. She turned toward the tent that Bryan was sleeping in and was about to unzip the door and go in and see how much damage she could do to Bryan’s face.  Stacey grabbed her by the shoulders.
“You come out here and tell me to shut the fuck up, you nutless fuckrag!” she said. Tobey jumped in between her and the tent door.
“Calm the fuck down, Ash! Shit! It’s going to be okay, I promise! I think I know where we’re going!”
Bryan’s voice came from inside the tent again.
“I do know where we’re going! So fucking relax, and shut the fuck up!” he said. Stacey tightened her grip on Ashleigh’s shoulders and pulled her aside.
“Hey! Calm down! This isn’t doing anyone any good, sis! Relax! Come on. Have a seat and let me fix you some cereal, okay?” she said. Ashleigh took her seat in front of the fire pit. Tobey had disappeared back inside the tent, and shortly came out dressed in a tee shirt and shorts that were more substantial than the boxer shorts he had attempted to face down the danger in. Jason just sat in his chair, glazed eyes staring into the cup of coffee that Stacey had just given him. She handed a metal cup to Ashleigh too, filled with hot black coffee. She sipped it slowly, and tried to calm herself. She didn’t like any of this, and as soon as she got back to Lexington, she was going to have a deep conversation with herself about her relationship with Tobey. She watched him, rubbing her thumb on her lower lip and thinking while he started helping to get the utensils ready to make bacon and eggs. As he unpacked the plastic-wrapped bacon from the container and laid it on the table with the camp stove, her mind wandered back to the hushed conversation between him and Bryan from last evening. What had they been talking about? It didn’t seem to be in Tobey’s character to hide things or keep secrets from her. They had always been open and honest about everything so far. She had been around boys enough to know that usually when two of them were having hushed conversations that included information she was not privy to, it usually spelled trouble of one sort or another. Could it be another woman? Maybe they were both just having guy talk about the girls, and Tobey didn’t want to alarm her. It’s not like she cared at all. Neither Stacey nor Jen was as pretty as she was, and she knew it.  She didn’t have anything to worry about from them. And if Tobey were gay, it would be an amazing acting performance for him to pull off. Besides, she didn’t think Bryan was gay either. Maybe they were both bi-sexual? It would have been hard to tell, but also unlikely. There was nothing about either of them that she could discern that was evidence of any same-sex attraction.
Wait a minute, she thought, pull yourself together. There was no reason for her to even really be concerned about it. Who cared what they were talking about? It could have been the girls. It could have had something to do with the Hummer, or even something to do with the trees or trying to fish in the pond. Yes, it seemed suspicious, but how could she have a relationship with Tobey if she didn’t trust him? That’s what she would do. She would choose to trust him. Granted, she still wasn’t sure about this Bryan guy yet, but he was Tobey’s friend, and if she was going to trust Tobey, then she was going to trust his ability to choose his friends well. He may have just been an asshole because he was sleepy and a little hung over, like all of them were. She saw that Tobey was laying the bacon strips out in the skillet, and saw an opportunity. She stood, smiled, and in the most conciliatory tone she could muster asked him if she could do anything to help.
“Sure,” he replied. He gave her some instructions to get cheese out of the cooler to put on the eggs. This was better, she thought. She loved it so much more when they didn’t fight.
The sun had topped the tree line and spilled into the clearing as the six of them were packing up for their hike. They sat next to their tents, shoving various items into their backpacks. Insect repellent, trail mix, digital cameras, water canteens. They put on baseball caps and sunglasses after anointing all of their exposed flesh with sunscreen.  Finally, after having made all their preparations and putting out the fire, since by Tobey and Bryan’s calculations they would probably be gone most of the day, they set out.  Tobey ran back to the end of the dirt road where the Hummer was parked, and powered up his GPS. The device came on with a chirp, and Tobey cupped his hand over the display so he could read it. A smile spread across his face.
“Well, what do you know! We have signal here!” he said. He held up his hand and Bryan ran up and gave him a high five. They turned back toward the tree line and called for the rest of the group to join them.
“We’re going to need to go this way, to the east.” Tobey said. Bryan smiled, grabbing Jen around the waist and twirling her around.
“Woah!” she squealed. “What are you so excited about!” she giggled.
“You’ll see. It’s gonna be awesome!” Bryan said, then gave her a deep kiss.
Ashleigh and Stacey arrived at the Hummer, followed by Jason.
“Okay, crew! Let us depart!” Bryan said. “After you.” he motioned to Tobey, who took the lead and walked into the woods, finding a gap in the trees just to the left of the Hummer. The others followed single file, trying to avoid poison ivy and areas where the leaf litter might have been concealing dips and holes in the ground. As they penetrated deeper into the woods, the insects began to bite, despite the insect repellent they had sprayed on themselves. The only one who seemed to not be bothered by the bugs was Jason, who instead of wearing shorts like all the rest of them, had worn thick jeans. The leafy canopy of the forest scattered the sunlight, which only arrived on the ground in slits and broken shafts, the shadows on the brown floor waving in time to their progenitors still attached to the branches above. The GPS device continued to lead them, down this hill and up this one. Ashleigh followed silently behind Tobey and Bryan who continued to lead the way. At the exact moment that Ashleigh had the thought, Jason spoke it, breaking his customary silence and saving Ashleigh the trouble.
“Uh, Tobey?” he asked.
“What, Jase?” Tobey replied.
“Got a question, man.”
“Shoot.” Tobey said, a mild impatience sounding in his voice.
“Well, I mean, if Bryan knows where we’re supposed to be going, why are you taking us there with the GPS? Do you just, like, want to play with it or something?”
“No, dude. Bryan knows how to get where we’re going from the geocaching spot that I have loaded in here. I’m just getting us to that point.”
Ashleigh coughed, and then asked the next question that came to her mind.
“Tobey, where exactly are we going? What are you going to pick up at this geocaching point? And where is Bryan going to take us?”
“Don’t sweat it.” Tobey said, not looking up from the display on the GPS. Bryan turned and looked at her, the ire in his eye’s clearly showing.
Ashleigh was undaunted.
“Why won’t you tell us?” she said.
“Because it’s…” Bryan waved both hands in the air in front of Ashleigh’s face and his voice dripped with sarcasm, “a surprise.”
Ashleigh turned to look at Tobey, who continued to stare into the device’s display. She sighed deeply, and resumed her walk in silence. After about two hours, they came out of the woods onto a weed covered slope that rose steeply up before them. The hill was bare of trees but for a lone cedar tree that stood to their right, a dark green sentinel.  Thistles and thorn bushes rose up from the knotted, twisted weeds, and the fragrance, sweet and full of warmth and nectar, wafted up to them. The sun was at it’s zenith now, and the blaze of it’s light had mingled with the humidity, making it oppressive. The six of them stood in the sparse shade of the tree line.
“How much further?” Jen asked, removing her ball cap and wiping the sweat from her forehead with the back of her hand. Stacey had slung her backpack off, unzipped it and was rummaging through it. She pulled out a towel and wiped off her head and her bare arms, then handed the towel to Jen.
“Eww?” Jen replied. “Like I want to wipe off with your sweaty rag…”
“Suit yourself.” Stacey said, folding the towel and sliding one end into the waistband of her shorts.
“It’s about another mile, mile and a half this way.” Tobey said, pointing at the rising hill before them.
Ashleigh’s stomach rumbled.
“Let’s at least have a water break and some trail mix.” she said, looking Tobey in the eye.
“Yeah, yeah, alright.” Tobey stared back, his eyes hard. Ashleigh caught Bryan’s gaze, staring at Tobey incredulously. She said nothing, but leaned up against a tree and unslung her pack, as did the rest of the group. Water bottles were produced and opened, and plastic bags of trail mix and individually wrapped granola bars were opened and consumed. They ate heartily, saving some of the trail mix to fuel their trip back from…wherever it was they were going. After they had all finished eating, Tobey hurried them up.
“Come on guys, shit we don’t have all day.” he said, checking his watch. Bryan paced the field like a predatory animal, desperate and anxious for the hunt. “Are we ready?”
Stacey and Ashleigh looked at each other, and a silent communication passed between them. They didn’t like this. Something was up. Stacey turned to Jason, who merely pursed his lips and shook his head.
“Yeah, honey, we’re ready.” Ashleigh said, trying her best to sound cheerful. She walked up next to Tobey as they began to walk up the steep slope, taking her place on his left side. As she matched his stride, he took off toward the trees from the woods they had just emerged from. She turned her head to see Bryan glaring at her. Tobey returned to his spot after a few seconds carrying a large stick, one that he planted into the ground with every subsequent step. He held the device up and resumed his former position of staring silently at the device and walking. Ashleigh looked down at the ground that passed under her feet with every step she took up the hill, wanting to say something, anything, but not having any idea what would help.
Then a movement in the corner of her eye made her turn her head back to the tree line. Behind a large and tangled locust tree she thought she saw…something. It looked simultaneously like a flash and a swiftly moving object. She chided herself. There was no need to be so jumpy. It was the middle of the day, she was there with five other people. Nothing was likely to try to attack her. It was probably just a rabbit or a chipmunk or some other small animal that they had disturbed in their travel. She returned her gaze to her feet, watching how the sunlight reflected off the shiny tan skin of her legs as they passed beneath her. As she walked, her head began to swim, and a wave of nausea rushed over her. Her eyes rolled up, and she saw a black shape above her, like someone had slid a dark scarf over her head and was drawing it backwards. Her eyes followed it, and just before the nausea overcame her completely and drove her into fainting, it ended. She stopped for a second and steadied herself.
“Are you all right?” Stacey asked, watching the episode from behind.
“Yeah, yeah.” Ashleigh said. “I think I just had too much water all at once or something. I’m fine.”
As they continued walking up the hill, Ashleigh became aware of something in her mind. It seemed as though, since the dizzy spell, her mind was somehow augmented. Like there was some crucial piece of information that she had in her possession, in her mind, but that she didn’t at all remember. She began running through a list of possibilities in her mind, but nothing seemed to be likely. She hated when this happened. Things got lost on the tip of her tongue all the time, only to to come to her mind fully later, when they seemed utterly useless.
The group topped the rise of the hill, and as it descended they cast their eyes on more of the same scenery that they had just passed, the same tall weeds, with the same thorny bushes and thistles, the odd cedar or fir tree standing alone amidst all of it, the tree line of the woods fading away to their left, being replaced by this open area of nothing but shifting plant life, dank humidity and brow beating sunshine. Tobey cupped the display again to double check his bearings.
“Yeah, it’s straight on this way, about another three quarters of a mile.” he said.
And so they continued to trudge. The heat was becoming tyrannical, sapping all of their energy. Their clothes stuck to their skin and soaked up all the sweat and moisture that the air was too humid, too saturated to absorb. Burrs stuck to their socks. Jason’s jeans, while they had protected his legs from scrapes and cuts, were soaked through with sweat and coated with an assortment of seeds, burrs and thorns. But, with Tobey and Bryan leading the way, they finally descended down the last part of the hill, where a new tree line sprung up before them and continued off to the right, while the open area became a flat curve to the left. As they rounded the curve, a small shack came into view, squat and square, with graying, aged and worn wooden sides and a corrugated tin roof, long since dulled, pitted and covered with a thick layer of rust. In front of the shack stood the rusted out hulk of a tractor, it’s tires missing, and the rest of the once proud machine a pile of rusting iron, with one smear of pea green pain on the engine shroud. It could have easily been a hundred years old. As they got closer, a swarm of hornets erupted from under the rusted out steal seat and began to buzz angrily, defending their territory.
“Shit! Snake!” Jen said and dashed behind Bryan, pointing at the ground underneath the tractor, her finger trembling. The group stopped, Stacey and Jason moving forward to get a better look. Ashleigh stood beside Tobey, who was turning the GPS to find his course.
“It’s okay, Jen” Jason said, waving them along. “It’s just a black snake, it’s not going to do hurt us.” The group regathered and began walking forward, past the tractor and shack.
“Wait a minute, I want to see what’s in there.” Bryan said.
“Dude, the cache is so close. Let’s check it out on the way back. You’re the one who said we needed to hurry.”
“Cool.” Bryan replied.
After a few more minutes of walking, Tobey’s device beeped.
“We’re here.”
The group looked around and saw nothing. They stood in the middle of an open field full of weeds, with a tree line and forest to the right and to the left, nothing but a never ending weed patch.
“This is it? This? This fucking…nothing? The middle of fucking nowhere. Literally. Seriously?” Jen stammered.
“What the fuck, dude!” said Jason. Ashleigh looked at Stacey, who simply stood there shaking her head in mute disbelief.
“Calm the fuck down, all right? There’s got to be something here as a marker, like a rock or something. Fan out and look for it.”
“For a fucking rock? In the middle of a…of a…field? A rock in a field? This is what was so spectacular?” Jen said, her gaze burning into Bryan’s eyes.
Tobey’s eyes narrowed.
“Look, you guys, it might not be a rock. Look for something out of the ordinary, something that isn’t normal to a field. They had to have marked it somehow.”
“You mean like a hole?” Stacey said, pointing at the ground next to her feet.
Tobey grinned at Bryan. Soon the entire group was gathered around Stacey, looking down at the hole in the dirt. It was surrounded by a ring of weeds and clay, and appeared to burrow into the ground at an angle. Tobey spoke first.
“Okay, Bry, you going to get it?” he said.
“Wait a second.” Ashleigh said. “What if that’s like a snake hole, or filled with bees or something. He can’t just stick his hand in there to get something, it’s stupid.”
“Ashleigh, shut the fuck up.” Bryan said. “I’m getting fucking sick of your mouth.” he said, and before any response could be given he had dropped to his knees and reached down, sliding his hand into the hole. He leaned his head to look at Tobey. Ashleigh turned her back and tried to ignore the situation by looking at the broken down shack that stood off in the distance and trying to remember what was on the tip of her tongue while keeping her mouth shut. Let the fucker get bit by a copperhead. It would serve him right.
“I feel a bag.” Bryan said, grunting. She strained and tugged, eventually pulling a black polyester bag from the hole. From the outside, it appeared that the bag was full of thick rectangular objects. Bryan held the bag up and let loose a loud yell. Tobey smiled and then gave him another high five.
“Uh, guys?” Jason said. “Mind clueing us in on what is so exciting about pulling a bag out of the hole in the ground?”
Tobey and Bryan exchanged glances. Bryan spoke up.
“Tell you what. I have to go check something real quick. I’m pretty sure I know where I need to go. You guys hang out here for just a sec, and when I get back, we’ll go back to camp and examine our treasure.” he said. Tobey gave him a serious look.
“Dude, are you sure? I mean we have…” he waved at the bag that Bryan still gripped.
“Oh, fuck yeah I’m sure. Stay here.” he turned and sprinted into the tree line at their right.
“I’m taking a water break.” Ashleigh said, and unslung her backpack. She unzipped it and pulled out her water bottle. Soon the others had followed suit. Stacey sat down cross legged in the weeds, and Jason moved to sit behind her, using each other as back rests. Jen pulled a cigarette from her backpack and lit it.
“Since when did you start smoking?” Ashleigh asked.
“Since last night.” Jen retorted and took another drag.
Tobey fumbled with the GPS devices settings, and it beeped.
Bryan came running out of the woods as fast as he could.
As he approached them, he slowed down, gasping for breath, his face beading with sweat. He stopped in front of Tobey, and laughed.
“Holy shit, dude. TONS.”
“Did you?” Tobey grinned.
“Fuck yeah I did.” He reached around and patted the bag that he had pulled from the hole that he had slung across his back. “Let’s go.” he said.
Jen threw down her cigarette and crushed it out. Ashleigh poured water on the butt, ensuring that it was indeed out.
“This is how forest fires and stuff get started.” she said, glaring at Jen. Jen turned up her nose, saying nothing, and threw her backpack on. Stacey and Jason got to their feet again, and after a few beeps, Tobey declared that the GPS was ready to take them back to the campsite. They turned and began to hike in the direction that they had come in, following the swath through the weeds that they had created on their way. As they neared the old shack and the rusted out tractor, Bryan’s eyes lit up.
“We still have time to check that out.” Bryan said. Tobey powered down the GPS to save it’s battery life, and then he went with Bryan up to the door of the shack. The side that they were now facing was once the front. It sat, surrounded by thick bushes and creeping vines that ran up the side of the gray, dried out wood. The two windows that were positioned on either side of the door had not yet shattered, although the single pane on the right side of the door had a small crack in it. The door itself was a single piece of plywood, with two rusted out hinges holding it to the front of the building. A hole had been drilled in the plywood next to the doorjamb, and a piece of hemp rope was tied to a nail next to the hole, the hemp rope running into the shack. Bryan walked up to the plywood door, bent down and looked in the hole.
“Damn.” he said.
“What’s in there?” Jen asked from behind them.
“Nothing really, it looks like just a bunch of old junk.” Bryan said and then untied the rope, carefully unknotting the hemp. It slid off the nail and fell limp outside the open hole in the plywood. The door did not move. Tobey moved in beside him and both of them grabbed the edge of the plywood and pulled. The board moved forward, the hinges giving with an audible groan. The opened the door fully, and a cloud of dust emerged from the open doorway, engulfing them. They began to cough and wave the dust away.
“Holy shit! It has a dirt floor and everything!” Tobey yelled back at them. The two of them stepped in. Bryan turned.
“Are you guys coming?” he said.
“I will.” Jason said, and began walking toward the doorway.
Jen set her heel into the ground and shook her head. Ashleigh and Stacey looked at each other, Stacey’s questioning look met by Ashleigh’s shrug. Finally Ashleigh spoke, determined not to let Bryan have something to hold over her head for the rest of the trip. She looked at Stacey.  “I’m going.” she said.
“All right, me too.”
Jen whined.
“Don’t leave me out here by myself! Stay with me, one of you at least.”
Stacey looked disgusted.  She turned to Ashleigh.
“You go in,” she said. “I’ll stay out here with Princess.” Ashleigh headed toward the door. As she crossed the threshold of the dirty old shack, the smell of rotting wood and stale air assaulted her. Dust flew into her nostrils, and she sneezed. Looking around, she saw nothing but piles of junk. An old chair overturned in the corner, the soggy and decomposed remains of some sort of paper, a rotten plank that may have once been a shelf, a basket full of dingy and dust covered mason jars. There was no sink, but a well had been dug and the pump came up out of the ground, the nozzle aimed at the remains of a rusted out old tub. As the group rummaged through the detritus, mice scattered, seeking safer surroundings. On the far wall, a hole stood near the top of the corrugated tin of the ceiling, it’s edges lined with aluminum foil of some sort. The ground in front of it was covered with a fine layer of black dust. Jason was leaning over the spot, and he reached down with a finger and wiped some of the black dust on it and brought it to his nose.
“Coal.” he said. “Must have been a coal burning stove here.”
“Maybe it was a miner.” Ashleigh said. “Isn’t that all there used to be around here? Coal miners and sharecroppers?”
“Yeah, back in the day.” said Tobey.
“Fucking rednecks.” Bryan said.
“Hey guys?” Jason asked. The group turned to see him pointing at a small board, attached to the wall with rusted nails. Under the board, laying on the ground, was a blue University of Kentucky bag, made of nylon with a drawstring bag.
“No fucking way.” said Tobey, snatching the bag up from the dirt. He untied the knot and opened the bag.
Their clothes were inside.
“What the fuck, Jason?” Tobey said, glaring at Jason as his face turned bright red.
“What? I didn’t put it there! I just saw it! It was laying there!”
Bryan took the bag from Tobey and began to fumble through the items.
“Not cool, man. Not cool.” he said.
Jason’s eyes gleamed.
“Yeah I fucking had it the whole time, right? I shoved it up my asshole last night so I could walk back to camp just as naked as the rest of you, and then I shit it out and then hid it in my backpack, just so I could bring it out at the most fucked up time I could just to fuck with you guys. Yeah, that’s what I did. You’re both fucking morons!” Jason said, and stormed past them, throwing open the plywood door as he left.
“He’s got a point.” Ashleigh said. Her head was starting to hurt again. A migraine, she thought. “I mean, it’s pretty big, he couldn’t have hid it this entire time, one of us would have seen it.”
“Yeah,” Tobey paused, considering the situation. “You’re right. How did this get here? Look around and see if there are any open holes near the floor of these boards.  Something big enough for like a raccoon or something to squeeze through.”
After searching the lowest portions of the shack, they found nothing.
“All right, check the outside, maybe it climbed through the hole for the stove.” Bryan said, concern creeping into his voice. The three of them exited the building and began to investigate the base of the shack. The wooden planks had chipped and peeled away from the frame, bending out in a slight curl away from both the flat, weed infested earth, and the frame of the structure. Tiny strips of wood had peeled away from the main boards through the years of disuse and weathering, and they waved in the air, defiant to the last, until the fingers of Tobey, and Bryan came and pulled and tugged on them, pulling them away even farther, and sometimes breaking them off and sending them flying to the earth once more, to continue their dry-rot and disintegration on the ground. When they arrived at the side of the shack that held the open hole, the outside lined with dulled and dusty aluminum foil as well, the group expected to find at the very least a tree or a stump, or even a rock or vine, something climbing up the side that would allow a small animal to climb up, deftly, and negotiate both itself and the bag into the shack. To their dismay, however, no such feature was found. All that could be found on that side of the shack was a patch of thorn bushes, dark green and squatting, the greasy leaves ending in black tipped thorns that stabbed the dried out weeds and grass that surrounded them in a fencing match whose actions were decided by the hot, damp, August wind. The planks on the side of the shack were covered with a thick layer of grime and dust, from year after year of unobstructed and uninterrupted winds, blowing leaf litter and seeds and dirt against it. Tobey leaned close and inspected the dust, wiping a finger down a dried out, ribbed wooden plank. His finger plowed a line downward through the grime, ending in a sticky, dirty pile where he had withdrawn his finger. Ashleigh chortled.
“So, there’s no tracks there. Nothing climbed up the wall to get into the shack through the hole.”
“It doesn’t look like it.” Tobey said.
“What’s going on, you guys?” Stacey yelled. Jason was standing next to her, he had to have told her what they found.
“We found the bag.” Ashleigh yelled back. She turned and walked back to where Jen, Stacey and Jason stood. Tobey and Bryan came back behind her.
“Jason told us. How did it get in there?” Stacey asked. Ashleigh started to speak, but Tobey cut her off.
“Somebody is fucking with us, is what it is.” he said, looking at Bryan. Bryan’s gaze dropped to the ground, and Ashleigh smiled as he maintained his silence.
“Shit, let me have the bag.” Stacey said. “I’m sorry for being anal about this, but I need my inhaler.” She unknotted the drawstring and pulled open the bag. She started pulling out all the contents, shirts and shorts and underwear and finally arrived at her own pair of shorts.
“God, can’t you even wait until we get back to camp?” Jen asked.
“No, I fucking can’t! All right? Fucking deal!” She reached into the shorts pocket and withdrew her inhaler. A deep sigh of relief escaped her lips. Ashleigh bent to help her start retrieving the clothes.
“Wait a minute,” she paused, looking up at the bag and then at Stacey. “What else is in the bag?”
Stacey reached in and tussled the contents around and looked.
“It looks like Jason’s t-shirt and Bryan’s socks.”
Ashleigh looked at the scattered items on the grass, waving in the hot wind.
“Are you sure that’s it?” she said.
Stacey’s eyes narrowed, then she checked the bag again, and then looked at the clothes on the ground.
“Where’s yours?” Stacey asked.
Ashleigh stared.
“I don’t see them.” she said.
Jen turned to Bryan.
“I want to go back to camp now. Let’s go.” she said, and began walking back the way they had come. Jason hesitated, looking at Stacey, but then began following Jen.
Stacey knelt beside Ashleigh and began to help her gather up her clothes and shove them back in the bag. She leaned close to Ashleigh, who’s normally tanned face was mottled and becoming pale.
“It’s okay, I’m sure your stuff is just all tangled up in there somewhere. When we get back to camp, we’ll find it.”
Ashleigh looked to make sure that the guys were not paying attention to her, and then whispered back to Stacey.
“Stace, I think something is going on here. I don’t know what, but Tobey and Bryan have been acting really weird. I don’t know why. Could they have something to do with this? Are they deliberately trying to fuck with me?”
“They better not be, I’ll kick their asses. Why do you think that something’s going on?” she said, stuffing the remaining shirts and socks into the bag. She pulled the drawstring tight and tied it in a stiff knot.
“Well, haven’t you seen it? They’ve been having those hushed conversations and stuff. And why did Bryan have to run off in the woods? What did he come back with? Why is he being so secretive about this.”
“Turn around.” Stacey said, twirling a finger in the air. Ashleigh did, and Stacey tied the bright blue bag on to Ashleigh’s back pack, affixing it to the pack with nylon strapping and cords.  “Well, Bryan told Jen he’d let us all in on the big surprise when we got back to camp. What makes you think this is all related though?”
“I-I honestly don’t know. It doesn’t make any sense. Tobey and Bryan both seemed pretty shocked when the bag showed up in the shack.” The two of them began to walk side by side along the trail of crushed weeds and grasses that had marked their arrival. “They blamed Jason for it at first.”
“Yeah, I know. He came out of the shack totally pissed.” Stacey said, speeding up the walk so that soon they were behind Jason. Tobey and Bryan had moved to the front of the group, but their characteristic laughter and chatter was now silenced. “Jason.” Stacey said, laying a hand on his shoulder as they walked. Jason turned his head and then slowed so that he was walking on Stacey’s right.
“That was really fucking weird.” Jason said.
“Finding the bag?” Stacey said.
“Yeah.” Jason continued. “I totally thought I was tripping or something. It was just laying there. Did you guys find out how it could have gotten in there?” He asked, staring expectantly at Ashleigh.
Ashleigh frowned.
“No, we didn’t. There’s no way that something small could get in except through the hole for the chimney, and we checked that. There was so much dirt and dust that if something somehow managed to climb up the wall, we could have seen the tracks, and there weren’t any. There were no holes near the ground big enough for anything to get in there from the ground either.”
“You know what that means.” Jason said. “Someone took it while we were swimming. They had to have snuck in while we weren’t looking and took it.”
Ashleigh spoke, her voice tensed.
“Jason, I swear to you that from where I was in the pool I would have seen someone coming to take it or going off with it. They would have made noise running off into the woods and one of us would have seen them going or heard them.”
“What about whatever it was you saw this morning?” Stacey asked.
“That? That was nothing…it looked like a blur or a shadow that was behind a tree.” Ashleigh’s head began to feel heavy, and a pulsing throb began to resound inside her skull. The migraine headache she had been fighting all day was finally starting to gain the upper hand, she thought. “It wasn’t anything.” she said.
“But you didn’t hear anything then either, right? No noise of something tramping into the woods?” Jason asked.
“No, there wasn’t anything. But that’s bullshit. It wasn’t anything. I didn’t even actually see anyone, and neither did anyone else. By the time Tobey got there he would have seen if anyone was there. He would have seen them running into the woods, the trees there aren’t big enough to hide anyone unless they were, like, toothpick skinny. I was half asleep when I saw it and just freaked out. It was nothing. Like my dad says, there’s a rational explanation for everything. I was hung over and half asleep and my mind was playing tricks on me.”
“Yeah, if you say so, but what was that quote from that one guy? Or that one book? Whatever it was? ‘When you’ve ruled out the possible, the impossible is the only answer’?” Jason said.
Stacey intervened.
“Yeah, but if you notice, Tobey and this Bryan guy are acting weird. You know him, right? What’s his deal?”
Jason shrugged.
“I dunno, they’ve been best friends since high school, but he’s not going to college anywhere. Tobey and I were in high school together, but Bryan went to a different school.  We all used to hang together though. I don’t think he did good enough on his ACT’s to get into UK. He might be going to Lexington Community, but nobody really talks about it much, so I don’t know for sure.”
“Does he have a job or anything?” Ashleigh asked.
“Not that I know of,” Jason said. “But his family isn’t rich like Tobey’s is. I’m not sure where he gets money.”
The throbbing in Ashleigh’s head became an ember, hot and painful between her eyes. They were approaching the tree line for the patch of woods that they had to travel through to get back to the camp, and she was grateful. Her entire body ached, her pack felt as if it were full of lead, and the thick, damp air was straining her lungs to breathe.  She took off her ballcap and wiped her face with the back of her arm. Stacey handed her a water bottle.
“You okay?” she asked.
“Yeah, just too damn hot for a migraine today.”
“Don’t worry, sis. I have some meds back in the tent.”
Tobey’s voice came from the front of the group. He stood at the tree line, holding up the GPS device, then lowering it and cupping his hand over the display.
“Aww Fuck!” he swore.
“What now?” Jen said impatiently.
“The GPS won’t come back on” he said.
“It won’t?” Bryan said, moving over to look at it.
“No it won’t. I turned it off to save the batteries, but it won’t come back on.”
“Did you press the right button?” Jason asked.
“Of course I did. This one.” he held it up and made a big show of pressing the red button on the side of the device. The screen remained blank and inert.
“Give me that.” Bryan said, ripping the device from Tobey’s hands. He fumbled with the device for a second, then handed it back to Tobey. “Piece of shit.” he said.
“All right, so now what, the GPS is dead? What the hell?” Stacey said. “It’s getting late and I’m starving. Can we find our way back to the campsite without it, Tobey? And besides, Bryan, you were supposed to know how to get here, can you remember how to get back?”
The two boys stared at each other.
“Yeah I think I can get us back.” Bryan said, swallowing.
“But you don’t know for sure, right?” Stacey said, her eyes filled with disgust.
“Well.”
Ashleigh turned to the group, her hand on her forehead.
“Tobey, for fucks sake would you just please tell us what the hell is going on? If you know this place so well, why did you need a GPS? And where did you run off to, Bryan? What is is the bag we got from the cache.”
The boys looked at each other and then the ground.
“God damn it!” Ashleigh stamped her foot. Her head was swimming in pain. “Answer me!”
“All right, look. Show ‘em” Tobey said to Bryan. “You were going to do it later, you may as well do it now.”
“You sure?”
“Do it.”
Bryan lifted the black bag from his shoulder and unzipped it. He held the bag open for all to see.
It was filled with money, stacks of cash, bound with white paper straps. The bills were in hundred dollar denominations.
Ashleigh gasped, along with the rest of them.
“How much is in there?” Stacey said after regaining control of her jaw.
“About five hundred thousand. Half a million.”
Ashleigh’s eyes were as wide as saucers.
“Tobey! What is this!  What did you do?!” she said.
“But wait, there’s more.” Bryan reached into the bag and pulled out a large, clear plastic bag with a sealing strip on it.  The bag was filled with large, green masses of densely packed plant material, with little orange patches.
“That isn’t what I think it is.” Stacey said.
“Yes it is.  Prime grade marijuana.” Bryan smiled.
Ashleigh leaned forward and slapped Tobey across the face.
“What the fuck, Tobey! Did we just rob someone’s growing operation? What the hell!” Tobey rubbed his face where she had slapped him, the redness rising to his skin.
Jen laughed.
“Show me that money again?” she said. Jason just sighed and turned around. Stacey grabbed Ashleigh by the shoulders again.
“Calm down!” she said.
“Calm! Fuck no I’m not going to calm down! Is that what we did? Did we just rob someone?”
“Technically no.” Tobey said.
“Technically?” Ashleigh stammered, her eyes alight with utter disbelief. Bryan, who had been holding the bag open for Jen to see the cash, slammed the bag shut with both hands and then zipped it back up and threw it back over his shoulder. He turned to Ashleigh, who still struggled against Stacey’s grip.
“Listen. It’s none of your business how we knew to come here, or what we’d find. I was going to share all this with you guys, but now I’m not sure I want to. It’s a lot of money, and Tobey and I could split it, or we could share it with you, if you’ll just keep your fucking mouths shut.”
“Tobey, tell me the truth. You owe me you mother fucker.” Ashleigh said.
Tobey glared down at Ashleigh, then looked at Bryan. Bryan shook his head in disbelief and then turned to look at the tree line.
“Bryan overheard some guys that he knows that deal in Lexington. They get their stuff from a growing operation that they run in the woods that Bryan went to find while we were waiting for him. They can’t sell it all themselves, so they farm out the selling to other dealers in other cities. One of those dealers left a drop of cash here, and the guys were going to come up here to get it, but we beat them to it. They were supposed to be here in like two more days. But, Bry here found out all the details, and now we have all this money that’s we can do whatever we want with. I mean, it’s not like they are going to go to the cops and be like ‘someone stole the money I was supposed to make from selling dope’, right? He got the coordinates for the drop, but I had the GPS, and when he told me about it, I told him I’d help him if he cut me in. I do know the area a little, but I just know about our camping spot and the pond, because Dad and I used to come camping here when I was a kid. So, to make this all look nice and normal, we got the camping trip together, that way we’d have a legit excuse to come down here. We’re gonna cut you guys in for taking the risk with us. I was figuring a six way split would be…’
“A little more than eighty three thousand a piece.” said Jen.
“Yeah,” Tobey continued. “So we each get a cut of the cash for free.”
Stacey walked up and slapped Bryan, then went to Tobey and jammed a finger in his face.
“Both of you are fucking morons. Do you have any idea how dangerous what you’re doing is? What if they catch us? What if they come down early and find that six college students are camping near their stash and partying with their money? What do you think they’ll do to us?”
Jason stopped their conversation with a single phrase.
“What if it was them?”
“What if what was them?” Tobey asked.
“That took the bag?” Jason asked.
The blood drained completely from Ashleigh’s face.
“Tobey, I want to go home. Now. Not back to the camp. I want you to take me home, right this second. And then I never, ever want to see you again.” she said.
Bryan turned back around.
“Look, I know these guys. It’s not like them to fuck with our heads, okay? If they knew we were here, and they wanted us to leave, they’d just pull out some guns and point them at us and tell us to leave, if they didn’t just fucking shoot us anyway, okay? They’re not here now, and they’re not the ones who took the fucking bag, all right?”
Stacey’s face moved to within centimeters of Tobey’s.
“Take us home. Now.” she whispered.
“Fine, fuck! Bryan! How do we get back?”
Bryan stood with his hands on his hips.
“Fine,” he said. “We go this way, I think.” taking them into the woods along a trail. Ashleigh felt nausea overcome her, as every instinct and fear she was capable of feeling was flaring into life. She thought she could trust him, he seemed like such a smart guy. She felt his betrayal on every level of her being. Her mind swam, her stomach churned with nausea, and her heart was altogether shattered in her chest, the searing pain radiating outward. The ember in her brain was throbbing harder now, the headache compounding on her misery, adding to and completing the utter misery she felt both within and without. The only thing she was grateful for, now that they were walking through the dense forest, was that the sun was no longer beating down on her from above. The air still clung to her like a dirty wet towel, and wrestled her nostrils and lungs with every inhalation she took, but at least the shade was cooling. Tears came to her eyes, but she choked them back. No, this bastard was not going to see her break down and cry. He would see her anger and her rage before he saw her tears. They hadn’t gotten far into the woods when Bryan stopped and looked around.
“Are you lost?” Stacey said, sarcasm oozing from her voice.
“No, I’m fucking not.” Bryan said without looking at her. Tobey continued to push the power button on his GPS device, to no avail. Bryan turned in a slow pivot, surveying the landscape features. Finally, he selected a direction and forged ahead through undergrowth and fallen branches, off of any recognizable trail.
“How do you know where we’re going?” Jason asked.
“I just do, all right? Shut the fuck up.” Bryan retorted.
“He’s been around here a lot.” Tobey said.
“Gotcha.” Jason said.
“So is that what you do? Deal drugs?” Ashleigh asked, her teeth gritting through the throbbing pain in her temples.
“What do you think, of course I do. You need it, I get it.”
“And you were going to sell that stuff you stole?”
“Well, I was going to share some of it with you guys tonight, but I guess that’s out of the question. Tobey said you guys were cool. I guess he made a mistake.”
“We don’t do drugs. At least, Stacey and I don’t. I don’t think Jason does. Jen probably would, she seems to really like kissing your ass.”
“Fuck you!” Jen’s shrill voice responded. Bryan turned with his hand raised, the back of it aimed at Ashleigh’s face. His eyes were wild with anger.
“You little cunt, if you don’t shut the fuck up…”
“Hey!” Tobey yelled. He moved between Bryan and Ashleigh and caught Bryan’s arm. “No, dude. Calm down.” Their eyes met, and the fire in Bryan’s eyes cooled. Tobey’s eyes met Ashleigh’s, his full of apology, her’s cold and hard as steel.
“Hey guys?” Stacey called from behind them. She was pointing off into a clump of cedar trees down in a gully.
“What?” Jason said. He moved in beside her, saw what she was pointing at, and then, turning his feet sideways for support, he skidded down the hill. A flash of hot pink could be seen in stark contrast to the deep, dark green of the evergreens.
“You guys need to see this.” Jason said.
One by one the group descended the steep embankment, arriving at the cedar trees. They had grown into a rough horseshoe shape, their branches intertwining to form a thick, dense, wall of foliage. In the center of the horseshoe was a rectangular stone. It was smooth, much like marble, but the color of it was a consistent bright white. Along the base of the stone were dots and strange angular symbols carved into the surface in no recognizable pattern. The size and shape of the stone gave the group the impression of a bright white marble casket or shipping crate. On the top of the stone was Ashleigh’s missing clothing. The hot pink shirt and denim shorts had been ripped and torn, the bra and panties reduced to a mere mass of threads and elastic. Shreds and gashes had been made everywhere, rendering the entire outfit unwearable and utterly destroyed. In the middle of the pile of shredded fabric was a small pile, a dark maroon stain spreading through the cloth above it. Ashleigh’s voice caught in her throat, making her cough. Tobey reached forward to lift the tattered remains.
“Tobey, don’t.” Ashleigh said, her voice small.
“It’s okay, Ash.” Tobey said. He lifted the cloth. Maggots fell from underneath the cloth, landing on the disemboweled corpse of a small rabbit, it’s brown and white fur matted with dried, black blood. The guts had been stretched from the stiffened corpse and arranged to make a strange symbol, the white and green tissue bursting and exposing a stinking mass of partially digested clover. A brightly colored snake had been killed too, it’s head, seemingly torn back from the body, hanging limply to one side as the forked tongue stuck straight up into the air. A ragged tear had been made in the snakes underside, the scales ripped and torn, and it’s insides had too been removed to make a different symbol. Maggots, ants and beetles covered the mass of degenerating flesh, devouring the carcasses with a loud clicking sound. Ashleigh heaved, the vomit flooding her mouth before she could attempt to fight it. She threw off her backpack and evacuated onto the forest floor, gagging and choking.
“Whoa, shit.” said Bryan.
“What the fuck have you gotten us into!” Stacey said, shoving Tobey back. She then immediately turned and pulled Ashleigh’s hair back from her face, trying to keep it from being coated. She stroked Ashleigh’s back and whispered to her in a comforting tone, but Ashleigh’s thoughts were incoherent, her body utterly focused on retching.
“I want to go home, guys. This is really freaking me out.” Jen whined.
“Yeah, dude. I’m totally ready to get the fuck out of here. This is enough.” Jason said, jamming a thumb behind him, as if that were the direction that they should travel in.
“Bryan, get us back to the campsite, like, now. And no more bitching.” Tobey said.
“Fair enough.” Bryan said, bewildered. He led them back up from the gully and back along a narrow ridge covered in dead leaves. Stacey draped her arm around Ashleigh as they walked, holding her close as they negotiated the narrow pass. Jason had taken Ashleigh’s back pack and slung it over his shoulder and it clanked with his own with every step he took. Tobey walked at the end of the group, now vigilant and scanning the trees and brush around him.
“Somebody is watching us.” Jen said, breaking the silence as they walked.
“Jen, shut up.” Stacey said.
“No, fucking listen to me! Someone is watching us! They have to be!” Jen said, panic rocketing in her voice.  “They have to be seeing us! They have to know what were doing! They left that for us!” her voice choked with a sob.
“No they don’t! Use your fucking head.” Stacey snapped. “We got off the trail. The only way that it could have been waiting for us is if they had known we were going to come this way, which is impossible. The only reason we’re going this way is because the GPS thingy is busted, all right? That was just dumb luck! Whoever did that isn’t watching us. It’s probably the fucking drug dealers that your pretty boyfriend here pissed off. They probably got really stoned and decided to do something sick and disgusting for their own fucked up entertainment out here! Now keep your fucking mouth shut about it before I shut it for you!”
Jen whimpered, falling silent with a sob.
The day wore on, with Bryan leading the way, stopping occasionally to check where he thought he was. He led them up and down so many hills that they eventually seemed to be going in circles. But soon they topped a tree covered hill and before them was the sound of water rushing out from under a rock and flowing into a giant pool.
“Yes!” Bryan cheered. “Fuck yeah!” He began to run toward the pool, dropping his backpack, but then he abruptly stopped, and stared. As the rest of the group came up the hill they saw it.
A pile of rocks had been dumped into the center of the pond, making a small mound.  On the top of the mound a large buck deer had been laid on it’s back, it’s once delicate and graceful legs snapped at ninety degree angles outward from the torso. It too had been eviscerated, it’s guts unwound and tied to the lower hanging branches of the trees that surrounded the pond. Thick leavings of blood poured from the deer’s body running slowly down and making red drizzles in the clear water of the pool. The deers head, a massive rack of antlers and fur, lay curled back down one side of the mound, the snout pointed upward to the leafy canopy above. The group gathered next to the pond, beholding the gruesome display. Ashleigh buried her face in Stacey’s chest, sobbing uncontrollably.  Jen whined through her own tears. The rest just stood there in stunned amazement.
“Is it..” Jason spoke.
The instant that the words had left his mouth, the deer on the mound snorted, its tongue sticking out of it’s snout and let out a whimper. It’s motion set all the lines of intestine quivering, causing the leaves on the trees to shake. The deers head lolled to their side. It appeared to be looking at them.
Jen shattered.
“Oh my fucking god! It’s still alive!” she ran to Bryan and buried her head in his chest, sobbing and clutching at his tee shirt.
Stacey gasped and retched and pulled Ashleigh’s head away from the grotesque sight.
“Oh man.” Tobey said. “Bry.”
“I know.” Bryan said. “This is awfully close to the camp. What if they’re up there.”
Jason pointed at the deer.
“Wait a minute, this isn’t right. This can’t be right. That deer is still alive, which means that this couldn’t have happened too long ago. But the pile of rocks would have taken all day to put there. We would have heard if a bunch of people were hauling rocks down here and piling them in here, wouldn’t we? When we were getting ready this morning? We would have heard them when we took off, right?”
“Maybe.” Tobey said. “One of us needs to kill that deer. It’s suffering. We need to put it out of it’s misery.”
“Oh god.” Ashleigh heaved again, dry this time. Stacey stroked her hair, but said nothing.
“Fuck that, dude.” Jason said. “Look, I’m not getting in that water. And what are we supposed to kill it with? Nobody brought a gun.”
“We have the machetes.  One of us swims out there and…” Tobey said.
“And what?” Stacey asked.
“And we slit it’s throat.”
“Be my guest.” Jason said.
Bryan and Tobey exchanged glances. Jen had crept up beside Stacey, who was now enfolding both her and Ashleigh in a protective embrace, both of them sobbing and shaking. Stacey was watching the deer when the head finally flopped down on the pile of stones and the deer’s body became still and silent.
“Did it die?” she said. Tobey pulled a small stone from the ground before him, took aim at the carcass and let the stone fly.  It bounced off the still body with a thud and plopped into the reeking, bloody water. There was not even a twitch from the gutted form.   “I think it did.” Tobey said.
“Thank fucking God.” Jason said, shaking his head.
“All right. What are we going to do about the camp? Whoever did this might be up there waiting for us to show up. And it’s starting to get dark.” Bryan said.
Tobey turned and, after surveying the area surrounding the pool, snatched up a couple of dried out pieces of timber that had fallen to the ground. He threw one to Jason and one to Bryan. He then grabbed another for himself.
“Here’s what we do,” he began. “The three of us sneak up there as quietly as we can. The girls can come up behind us. We’ll check it out and if we see anyone up there we take them out.”
“With sticks?” Jason asked.
“What else do we have, Jason?” Tobey said, his patience coming to an end.  “We have to get back to camp so we can load up and get out of here. This is all we’ve got. We get back to camp and if anyone’s there, we knock them out cold with our sticks. Then we pack up and get the hell out.”
“Guys,” Stacey began. “Before you start planning an assault, did anyone bring a cell phone with them today?”
“I did.” Jen said, pulling out her phone.
“Now, I will try to call 911 before we go beating up insane drug dealers.” Stacey replied. She flipped the phone open and looked at the display. Her brow furrowed, and she held the phone up, turning in a circle.
“Let me guess, no network.” Jason said. Stacey nodded.
“Great. So we go back to the original plan.” Tobey said.
“Wait a minute.” Bryan said. “What if they expect that, and are circling behind us as we go up the hill so they can ambush us while we’re on our way up.”
“We’ll see them if they do that.” Stacey said. “If we see anyone sneaking up behind you, we’ll start shouting. But then you better turn your asses around and get them because then they’ll come after us.”
“All right. Sounds like a plan.” Tobey said. “You ready, Bryan?”
“Yeah.” Bryan said, sweat beading oh his forehead.
“Jason?” Tobey said.
Jason stood there, the limb in his hand, shaking visibly.
“I dunno man. I’m pretty fucking scared.”
“Well, man up.  Stacey is acting like she’s got a bigger ball sack than you right now.  We have to do this. It’s us or them.” Bryan said.
Jason looked at the gutted body of the deer, a pile of steam rising from the red and black intestinal cavity.
“Yeah, but they are pretty fucking crazy, dude. And they’re probably on some drugs or something that will make them way stronger than us.”
“But we can surprise them.” Tobey said.
“I don’t fucking think they’re gonna be at all surprised. It looks to me like they’ve been waiting for us the whole time, but whatever, dude. If you want to get gutted and hung up from a tree branch, then fine. Let’s go.” Jason said, his legs trembling beneath him.
The three of them began to ascend the hill, hunched over and keeping low to the ground along the trail. They moved slowly and carefully, keeping their eyes on the top of the hill and the end of the tree line. They negotiated their way past broken limbs and fallen, dead leaves, all the way up the hill. Stacey and Jen observed the scene carefully from the bottom of the hill, the charnel pond behind them. Ashleigh, her face a pale and deathly white, merely leaned against Stacey for support, gasping and sobbing. The three boys, limbs in hand, finally crossed to the top of the hill, and while the girls watched, moved past the tree line and into the clearing.
Once past the trees, the boys stalked into the camp like cats, slowly looking around the tents and peering through the mesh covered openings. They crossed around to the fronts of the tents, expecting to see their campsite either in ruins or somehow violated and polluted with some dead forest animal. They found nothing. The camp site was left exactly the way they had left it. The sun was dipping toward the western horizon, and had already passed behind the trees. The evening shade had draped across the entire area. The fire pit was full of ashes and partially consumed firewood and nothing else. Everything seemed utterly and completely normal. Tobey held up his hand to get the other boy’s attention. Then he pointed at Bryan and then pointed to the trees to the left of the camp. The he pointed to Jason and to the right of the camp. He pointed to himself and then pointed to the area in front of them near where the Hummer was parked. It was when he pointed to the Hummer that he saw it. He ran to the vehicle to see that all four tires on the massive SUV were flat.
“Fuck me.” he said, arriving at the now incapacitated Hummer. He slammed both hands down on the hood. “Come out, you fuckers!” he yelled, turning toward the trees. “You fucking hear me! Come out!” he bellowed to the open air and the trees. Jason and Bryan both turned from their investigation of the wooded areas to the sides of the camp to see what Tobey was yelling about. Tobey threw down his club and then ran back to his tent. He unzipped it and then came out with the black leather case that held the machetes. He fumbled with the case, finally unzipping it and pulling out a blackened blade. He held the blade rigid.
“Come out!” he yelled again. “Where the fuck are you?”
Bryan turned to Jason.
“Go get the girls.” he said. “Bring them up here.” Jason took off back to the forest. “Dude.” Bryan said.
“What the fuck!” Tobey said. “What is going on here!” Tobey turned in a slow circle, yelling at the mute and silent trees that refused to answer his demands. “Come out here you mother fuckers!” Something caught Bryan’s attention, and he leaned closer to investigate the flattened tires on the Hummer.
“Wait a minute, dude. Do we have a flashlight?” he said.
Tobey, momentarily snapped out of his anger, stared down at Bryan as it he had spoken in an unknown language.
“What?” he asked.
“A flashlight” Bryan said, making a motion that indicated flicking a switch forward with his right hand. The reason arrived back in Tobey’s eyes as the madness left.
“Back in the tent.” Tobey said.
“Okay. Calm down, dude. Look at your tires.”
“Yeah the fucker’s slashed them.”
“No they didn’t. Look.” Bryan said, and ran back to the center tent, and began to rummage through the contents of the bags there. Jason came back up from the woods, leading the girls back to the camp, hand in hand. Jen was sobbing and crying, the tears streaking down her face. Ashleigh was pale and silent. Stacey and Jason sat the girls down in the chairs and then joined Tobey at the Hummer.
“Jason said they slashed our tires.” Stacey said.
“I don’t know.” Tobey said, sounding almost delirious. Bryan came running up, holding a flashlight which he immediately flicked on and shined at the knobby off-road tires of the gigantic black vehicle. The light fell upon the dusty, vulcanized rubber.
“See?” Bryan said. “Where are the slash marks? We’d be able to see them.”
“What the hell?” Tobey said, rubbing his hand along the side wall. “Nothing. No treads sticking out, no marks.”
“They didn’t slash the tires, they just let the air out of them. Do you have like an emergency tire pump or something?”
“No, I don’t have anything like that. I just have the spare that’s on the back.”
Stacey and Jason almost spoke at the same time. Stacey beat him.
“They let the air out of our tires? What the fuck?”
“This just keeps getting trippier and trippier.” Jason said. “They gut all these animals, but they take the time and the effort to let the air out of our tires instead of slashing them? It doesn’t make any sense! What the fuck is going on guys?”
“I don’t know.” Tobey said. “But it’s too close to dark to do anything about it now.  In the morning I’ll go for help. If we just play it cool we should be okay. How is Ashleigh?”
“She says her head is killing her and she’s pretty much spewed herself empty.” Stacey said.
“How the hell do you think we’re going to make it through the night?” Jason demanded. “Even if we keep watch all night, they’ll know that we’re here if we make a fire. All they’d have to do is come in and start shooting! What are we gonna do?”
“Calm down!” Stacey said, shoving a shivering finger in Jason’s face.
Bryan spoke up, speaking to all of them.
“Everyone check your cell phones to see if you can get a signal, we have to see if we can get some help here.” All of them responded except Ashleigh, who merely lay there, pale and slumped in her chair. The phones were flipped open and turned on, but none of them were able to find their networks. Jen flipped her phone closed with a sob and began to cry and whine into the hands she folded over her face.
“Okay, that didn’t work. How about this,” Bryan continued. “We take shifts keeping watch. We have to build a fire so that we can see if anyone’s coming. So lets get on it.”
“Nobody is going to sleep tonight.” Jason said, his voice dry and crackling.
“You’re probably right, but there’s nothing else to do.” Tobey said. They arrived back at the tents and Tobey stood next to the small table holding the machete and looking at the tree line while the others busied themselves attempting to get a fire started in the gathering dusk. Soon, the skies above them turned a velvety black, and a breeze began to blow through the trees, shaking the leaves and sending a harsh hissing sound throughout the area that reverberated through the woods. The breeze caught the flames in the fire pit and drew them up into the air in twirls, creating a vibrant display of white and yellow light in the air. The stars that were visible the previous evening were gone, replaced by an endless black void that yawned down from above them. They sat before the fire, poking and stirring the wood, jumping and twitching with every pop and hiss from the burning wood. No one could eat except for Bryan, who went through the coolers trying to find food that did not need to be cooked to be consumed. He finally found some cold cuts and bread and made himself a sandwich. He munched it down greedily as he sat in front of the fire. Tobey walked the perimeter of the camp with his machete and the flashlight, shining it down into the trees and the inky blackness beyond them. Occasionally he would see a rabbit that would quickly jump off and scurry away, or a possum that simply stared at him, but he saw no sign of the assailants. The night time forest came to life around them, as the tree frogs and insects began their nightly performance, the shrill buzzing echoing through the wind blown leaves. The night finally fell in earnest, and the darkness and noise from the forest surrounded them, closing in, seemingly at war with the glowing orange of the fire, a constant game of attack and counter offensive. One by one, the droning noise from the insects and the leaves caught the sitting teenagers, and they soon fell into a uneasy and fitful slumber. Ashleigh lay with her head in her hands, her soft hair out of the ball cap and cascaded around her face, as if to shield it from the horrible situation around her. Tobey alone remained awake, patrolling the area, glancing around whenever he heard a noise that sounded even remotely like a foot fall. The trees swayed in the night breeze, and soon the air became cool, and Tobey sensed that a storm may be coming, or at the very least that it was likely to begin raining soon. The water vapor in the dank, humid air was barely breathable. He walked back to the fire to check on the rest of the group and found that Ashleigh’s chair was now empty. Good, he figured, she needed to be in bed probably anyway. He walked to the opening of the tent and shined the flashlight inside.
The tent was empty. The sleeping bag that they shared was unzipped and open, just as it had been left this morning.
Tobey turned around and was in the process of shining the light around to see where Ashleigh was when the light found her. She stood before him, her hair now greasy and matted, stringing down and covering the entirety of her face. Her eyes glittered from behind the soggy, shining strands. In her right hand she held the other machete. Her skin, once so golden, was now ashen and grey, and the veins stood, dark and blue, up from beneath her pale skin.
“Ash? Baby, what’s going on? Are you feeling okay?”
The figure before him was silent and still. Only the machete moved, slowly drifting up and down as she breathed. The sound of her breath reached Tobey’s ears over the sound of the night wind and it’s promise of a storm to come. Her breath sounded labored and heavy, wheezing almost, and with each inhalation he heard the sound of saliva bubbling from her open mouth.
“Ash?” Tobey said, moving closer to her. “Come on, let’s get you…”
In one swift motion Ashleigh raised the machete and brought the blade down. The curved steel edge came down and parted the skin on Tobey’s face, the slash separating his face along the left side of his nose. Blood exploded into Tobey’s mouth from the gash, which had gone through his sinus cavity and the upper palate, severing the tongue and continuing through the jaw. Tobey fell to the ground, his hands covering his face while he made gurgling and sputtering noises in his attempt to scream. Ashleigh moved to stand above him, a trickle of stringy drool falling from her lowered, shadowed face. She raised the machete again, and began to slash at Tobey’s face, torso, arms, anything and everything that she could reach with the blade. Blood spattered everywhere, soaking the ground beneath where he lay and spraying up to cover her clothes and hair. She continued to slash at the body until all that was left was a pile of indiscriminate bones and teeth and gobbets of red, slimy flesh. She made no sound while she chopped, only the slavering sound of her breathing and the sound of the steel blade driving chunks of wet meat into the blood soaked ground. The winds whipped up even more, the trees swaying to and fro in the tempest now. She turned to where the rest of the group sat sleeping next to the fire, which now whipped and danced in the windstorm. Ashleigh came to where Jen sat sleeping, leaning backwards in the chair. She raised the machete again, and as the blade fell, so did Jen’s decapitated head, which hit the ground with a splat. The arterial spray arced up and began to rain down on Jason, who woke up from his baptism in blood only to find that Ashleigh was standing above him. He started to scream, but before the sound made it from his throat, Ashleigh had grabbed him by the hair with one hand and drawn the blade across his throat with the other, the steel biting deep. The only sound that Jason made before he died was a wet spraying sound, as the air and blood mixed in his open windpipe.  Stacey was next, roused by the commotion only to have the machete buried into her skull right between her eyes, cleaving the brain neatly in two. She stood with the machete buried, and Ashleigh moved her, like a marionette, with the blade, pulling it far to the right and then whipping it quickly to the left, sending Stacey’s bloodied body into the fire pit, where the hair and skin began to sizzle and pop along with the wood. The sound of a falling tree branch awoke Bryan who, upon awakening, saw a silhouetted Ashleigh standing in the fire light, her body now twisted and contorted. Her left shoulder was held higher than her right, while her right hand held the dripping machete. Her hair still covered her face, but her eyes glowed, a soft crimson dot in each one. Bryan screamed and then stood up, and seeing the carnage around him in the fire’s light, cursed, wide-eyed. He looked around him and saw only darkness and trees swaying in the wind.  He backed away slowly as Ashleigh advanced on him, curving around. Slowly he retreated, but as he moved backward he tripped over Tobey’s remains, falling into the blood soaked organs and bone, his hands and back dripping with the still warm tissue.  He cried and scrambled to get up, but as he did so, his hand fell on the machete that Tobey had been carrying. He picked it up, holding the point between him and the shadowed form of Ashleigh, her face still lowered. Bits of flesh and bone dripped off of the end of the machete as she held it.
“You-you back away from me, bitch!” Bryan said. He looked around. There was no place for him to run to. He couldn’t see in the woods in the dark. Then he saw the flashlight, the white beam shining into the trees where Tobey had dropped it. He scrambled around and picked it up too. He shined the light on Ashleigh’s face.
“What the fuck?” he said.
The light shining on Ashleigh’s face showed that her mouth was open and her lips were curled back, the inside of her mouth a brilliant crimson color. Her teeth were yellowed and twisted, sticking out from her gums in odd angles. Her canines were long and curved and were tipped with black. Her eyes were shining, bloodshot and a violent red color. The pupils were dilated, seeming like swirling black pools surrounded and framed with blood. Her skin was a shiny whitish gray color, the veins in her forehead standing out black against the splotchy white. A line of drool, mixed with the blood that had spattered her face and hair, ran down from her open mouth, hanging off her chin. Her clothes were covered in bright red gore from the killing. Bryan faced her.
“All right, bitch. You’ve had this coming for a while now.” he said, his voice shaking. He squared off to the demonic figure. He took a swipe at her, landing a slice on the top of her left arm. It opened up and began to bleed, a brackish black substance that oozed from the slash. He tried another slash, but she avoided it, and as his blade descended, Ashleigh moved to the outside of his arm with preternatural speed and lopped his arm off, slicing through the meat, bones and tendons just before the elbow. His arm flopped to the ground, the hand still gripping the handle of the machete, twitching and shaking as the severed nerve endings erupted. Blood spurted from the stump, drenching Ashleigh’s clothes. Bryan screamed, and tried to punch her with his left hand, which she merely deflected, spinning him around. As he continued his momentum, she brought the blade of the machete low against his abdomen, spilling his intestines out. He grabbed at them with his remaining hand, screaming and gurgling, but fell to his knees. In one swift, clean motion, Ashleigh brought the machete across his neck. His head went sailing, end over end, until it finally hit the ground and rolled to a stop near one of the mounds of buried refuse. The stump of his neck spewed a shower of blood, and Ashleigh stood under it, allowing the blood to soak her completely, showering her with gore. The body pitched forward with a thud and fell silent.
The rain began to fall shortly afterward. At first it was a slight drizzle. As the rain sprinkled down, Ashleigh inserted a foot under Bryan’s bloodless, decapitated and eviscerated corpse and flipped it over on it’s side. The entrails and intestines were there, squirming in the ooze and the blood. She lowered herself to her knees and began to arrange the intestines into a weird, angular figure on the ground. When the symbol was completed, she uttered a rattling, sputtering noise and then rose. The rain began to fall in earnest now, hard and cool in the hot and humid night air. She dropped the machete and turned, stumbling into the darkness, bleeding and drooling as she went.
Chapter Six
Gibbons sat behind the metal desk in the Philosophy department office, staring at his phone. It was Monday afternoon, and Ashleigh still had not called him back. She was supposed to come by and see him before her and her friends departed to go back to Lexington for the beginning of the semester, but she had not yet paid him a visit. Nor had she answered her phone. While he knew that Ashleigh was old enough to take care of herself, it was highly unlikely that she would go back to Lexington without at least stopping by. As his concern mounted, he pushed buttons on the touchscreen of his phone and dialed her number again. As it had been doing for the past three days, it went straight to voicemail. Her cheerful voice directed him to, once again, leave her a message and she would get back in touch with him as soon as she could.
“Hey, sweetie, it’s your father calling. Give me a call back and let me know that everything is okay.” he said, and the punched the button to end the call. He sighed, long and slow, and then pulled the carafe from the coffee maker and poured the remaining brew into his cup. He downed in in one swallow, and then unzipped and opened the case containing his laptop. He slid the machine out and flipped it open, pressing the power button in the upper right side. The machine came to life, a blue light shining from behind the button he had just pushed. He opened the word processor program and selected a document from a drop down menu and began to type. As he clattered away on the keyboard, he failed to notice the door to the office open. A uniformed sheriff’s deputy walked through the door and regarded the oblivious professor.
“Dr. Jared Gibbons?” said the deputy. Gibbons swiveled in his office chair to greet the officer. When he saw the uniform, the blood rushed from his face. The deputy was an old man, with a robust gut. The brown cap that had the county seal of Powell county inside a large bronze star embroidered on it covered a balding head, a small patch of greying dark hair surrounding the back of the mans head. A pointy nose protruded from above a thinning salt and pepper mustache.
“Yes, that’s me. What can I do for you officer?” Gibbons said.
“Dr. Gibbons, I’m Deputy Manning from the Powell county sheriff’s department. You are the father of one Ashleigh Gibbons, is that correct?” the deputy’s drawl was thick with the local accent.
“Yes, I am her father. What is this? Is she all right? I’ve been trying to reach her for days now.”
“Dr. Gibbons, your daughter was found just off Campton road lying in a ditch. She’s in the medical center up in Stanton right this second, and she’s not in very good shape. If you like I can give you a drive up there, or you could just follow me up there. At any rate, I’ll be needing to ask you some questions.”
“Questions? Why? What’s going on?” Gibbons rose from the chair, closed his laptop and began packing up his belongings. “I’ll ride with you, if it would be faster.” he said.
“Fair enough.” Manning said. Gibbons gathered his bags and walked out, alerting the student assistant to cancel his classes for that evening and for the next day. As they crossed the hall out of the office and waited for the elevator, Manning began to question Gibbons.
“Doctor Gibbons, was your daughter on any kind of medication?” he asked.
“Ashleigh? Why, no, Deputy Manning, she’s as healthy as a horse. She’s not on any kind of medication at all.” Gibbons said. The elevator door slid open and the two men stepped inside.
“Are you sure about that? Nothing for any sort of mental or psychological problems?” Manning asked.
“Absolutely not, Deputy Manning. She’s not taking any kind of medication at all. She’s not seeing a therapist or anything. You said she was found in a ditch? What happened, is she going to be okay?” Gibbons asked.
“Honestly, Doctor, I don’t know. She’s lost a lot of blood. She had a pretty nasty cut on her left arm when they found her, and she was messed up pretty bad. Her clothing was soaked with blood.” Manning said.
“Blood? Who did this to her, do you have any idea?” Gibbons asked.
“Well, Doctor, the thing is, we don’t think the blood is all hers.” Manning said.
“Excellent! She was able to hurt whoever did this to her. It should make him easier to find, right?” Gibbons said.
“Doctor,” Manning said as the elevator slid to a halt and the door opened, “we think that your daughter might have been responsible for the deaths of five teenagers that were camping up near Nada, apparently over the weekend.”
Gibbons stopped where he stood. Student’s milled around the entrance to the Humanities building, smoking cigarettes, talking and laughing in between classes. The humidity was unbearable. Gibbons loosed his necktie and removed it, shoving it into his trouser pocket.
“You mean Tobey and all her friends? That’s impossible. Ashleigh wouldn’t hurt a fly, let alone her best friends.” he said.
“Well, Doctor, somebody with your daughter’s fingerprints hacked up all five of her friends with a machete, then. You’re supposed to be the logic instructor here, correct? You tell me.” Manning said. He turned toward the main Administration building for Red River University, negotiating his way through a mass of students crossing campus.  Gibbons followed him, struggling to keep up.
“A machete? Ashleigh? I’m telling you, Deputy, there’s something wrong here. Ashleigh might have a little temper on her, but she’s not violent by any possible stretch of the imagination.” Gibbons said.
They arrived at Deputy Manning’s patrol vehicle. Manning unlocked the passenger door for Gibbons and then crossed around and opened his own. Once seated, Manning started the vehicle and backed out of the parking space near the administration building. Manning flipped a switch on the console of the Ford Explorer, turning on the air conditioner. The cool air flooded the cabin, much to Gibbons relief. Manning pulled the gold painted SUV out on to the street that ran beside the University, connecting it with Mountain parkway, the fastest way back to Stanton.
“Well, Doctor, your daughter was found by a farmer who was on his way out to look at his tobacco crop this morning, like I said, just this side of Nada. They found her laying there and then they called us. When we got there we noticed that there was a trail of bloody foot prints that had been left coming there. Not a lot of blood because of the rain, so we took the bloodhounds out and tracked her back to this camping site, on the other edge of the Daniel Boone Forest.” Manning said.
“Yes. She did say she was going camping over the weekend. As a matter of fact I had dinner with all of them this past Friday. There were five other’s with her. They were all going up there to go camping, but they were supposed to leave there Sunday morning to get back to Lexington for the start of the semester at UK. She was supposed to come by before she left but she never did. She didn’t even call.”
“Okay. Doctor Gibbons, does your daughter have any history of drug use? I don’t mean the prescription kind. I mean the hard stuff.” Manning asked.
“What do you mean, hard stuff? Like cocaine or something?” Gibbons said.
“Well, specifically I’m talking about marijuana.” Manning said.
Gibbons laughed.
“Marijuana? I sincerely doubt that a joint is something to be worried about, but no. I don’t believe she ever smoked it.” Gibbons said.
“Does she sell it?” Manning asked.
“I sincerely doubt it. What are you implying, Deputy Manning?” Gibbons said, anger rising in his tone.
“Doctor Gibbons, let me lay this all out for you, okay? Just so’s you’ll understand why I’m asking you all these questions. When we followed the bloodhounds back to the camp site, we found the five other kids dead. Two of them were decapitated, one of them had his arm chopped off as well as his head. One of them had her head nearly sliced in half and then was dumped in the fire. One of the kids had his throat cut so deep he drowned on his own blood, and one of them was so chopped up we’re gonna have to identify him by his teeth, ‘cause that’s damn near all that’s left.  We found a bag in the crime scene that had a shit ton of weed and half a million dollars in it. At the scene we found two machetes, one of which had one of the boy’s fingerprints on it and one that had your daughters. The boy’s fingerprints match up to those of a known drug dealer up in Lexington and Winchester, and the police there have been looking out for this hoodlum for a while now. We’ve got the machetes up in the crime lab in Lexington now checking the blood stains, but what it looks like, in our professional opinion, Doctor, is that somehow your daughter and one Bryan Howerton from Lexington got into a machete fight over this money, and she killed him, and then went and killed all her friends to keep it quiet. The only problem is that Mr. Howerton got in a lucky slash to her arm and she bled a lot while she was trying to get away from the crime scene. Somehow the tires on the Hummer that they drove up there in were flat, probably because them dumb ass kids were driving down those gravel and dirt roads too fast and got a bunch of slow leaks in them. The fact that most of the blood had been washed clean from the corpses indicates that most likely the killing was done before the rainstorm that kicked up about two o’clock Sunday morning. She managed to make it as far as she did, but she couldn’t get any farther.” Manning said, pulling a toothpick out from his shirt pocket and shoving it into his mouth.
Gibbons stared at him.
“Deputy Manning, I have to tell you that the situation you just described to me is utterly and completely outside the realm of possibility. My daughter is in no way, shape, or form, a drug dealer at least or a hatchet murderer at most. This has to be some sort of fabrication.” Gibbons said.
“Well, Doctor, I’m pretty good at logic myself, you see? I’m an officer of the law, you know, and we have to be able to think pretty clearly. Now, what you’ve told me might be true. But the facts aren’t really bearing it out. We’re still doing our investigation. But for the time being, your daughter is not only hanging on for dear life here, she’s our primary suspect for drug trafficking and multiple homicide.” Manning said. They pulled off of Mountain Parkway, taking the off-ramp that indicated Stanton. At the end of the ramp they turned left into the center of the town. They passed fast food restaurants and a car wash, and turning right by the Piggly Wiggly, found themselves at the Stanton Medical Center, a single story brick building with massive tinted windows. The deputy parked the Explorer and the two men got out. They entered the medical center, and Deputy Manning stopped at the front desk. He nodded to the receptionist.
“Could you page Sheriff McKinney and bring him up here for me, please?” Manning asked. The razor thin woman turned to the phone and sent out the page across the intercom. She then turned and presented a sheet of paper for Dr Gibbons to fill out, stabbing the end of a ball point pen at all the information he was to provide. A few minutes later a stocky, muscled man walked through the door. The weathered and stern look on the man’s face reminded Gibbons of Clint Eastwood, only…bigger. A large, shiny badge was pinned on the upper left side of his khaki uniform shirt. The sheriff walked up and regarded Gibbons with an intense gaze.
“Well now. You Doctor Gibbons?” said Sheriff McKinney.
“Yes, yes I am.” Gibbons said.
“Come with me.” said the sheriff. The three men walked behind the front desk, through a heavy, locked metal door. As they walked, the sheriff positioned himself next to Gibbons.
“I’m gonna need you to be as calm as you can be about this, Doc.” said the sheriff. They came down a hallway crowded with medical equipment. They arrived at an open door. When they entered the room Gibbons gasped in horror.
His daughter lay in the hospital bed, her vital signs being monitored. She was being given oxygen through a mask, but her skin was a dark gray, almost ash color and covered with a sheen of sweat. Her lips were blue and her hair was greasy and dark. It was as if someone had taken his daughter and literally drained all the life and color from her body. Her fingernails were black and broken, pieces of them chipped and peeled back from her fingers. A bandage had been placed over her upper left arm. A dark smear had spread across the bandage, but the color looked more like ink than dried blood. Her face was covered in slashes and cuts, as though she had tried to fight her way through brambles of thorns. A trickle of gray tinged fluid was leaking from her eyes, like she was crying tears of ash water. Another sheriff’s deputy stood stone faced next to the bed.
“My god!” Gibbons recoiled in horror. “What happened to her?”
“Now listen here, Doctor Gibbons,” Sheriff McKinney said. “She’s as good as she can be right now. We’re waiting on an ambulance to come get her and take her up to University Hospital up in Lexington. Did Deputy Manning discuss our investigation with you?” he said.
“Yes, yes, he did.” said the dumbfounded professor. “My god, look at her. My baby.” Distress mounted his voice.
“Now look,” said the sheriff, “what we need now are names. I need the names of as many acquaintances of hers as you can muster.  I need to know how far she’s gotten into all this.  She’s in some pretty serious trouble, assuming she makes it through this.” Gibbons grewt angry at all this talk about his daughter being a murderer.
“Now listen to me, Ashleigh has been top of her class her entire academic career. She could have gone to Harvard or Yale or any Ivy League college in the country. She’s smart and hard working and she even volunteered for Meals on Wheels for the last four years. I know my daughter, gentlemen, and I’m here to tell you that there is absolutely no way that she is either a drug dealer or a killer. She’s so non-violent that she’s even considering going vegan, for Christ’s sake! This is impossible!” he ranted.
The walkie-talkie that was attached to Sheriff McKinney’s belt erupted into a burst of static. A voice came over the speaker.
“Sheriff McKinney, do you read, over?” came a nasal female voice. Sheriff McKinney keyed the microphone attached to the left side of his shirt.
“Copy, over.” he said.
“Sir, there’s something you need to see up here in the woods past the camp site scene from this morning, over.” said the disembodied voice.
“Block, just spit it out, over.” said the Sheriff.
“Sir, there appears to have been some kind of animal mutilation here involving a deer, over.” the voice, presumably belonging to a female deputy named Block, said. McKinney’s brow furrowed, his entire face wrinkling and contorting to match.
“What, like a fawn or something? Over.” said McKinney. The voice responded following another burst of static.
“No, sir. More like a thirteen point buck. Over.” said Block. A quizzical look spread across McKinney’s face.
“Did you say thirteen? Over.”
“Yes sir. Thirteen. Over”
“Uh, okay. What did you mean by mutilated, over?”
“Well, sir, someone gutted the thing while it was still alive and strung it’s guts up from the tree limbs, sir. Over.”
Manning and McKinney stared at each other in shock.
“All right, Block,” said the sheriff. “You just sit tight, and we’ll be out there as quick as we can, over.”
“Copy that, over and out.” said Block, her voice disappearing in a blast of static.
Gibbons looked at the two men as they prepared to leave.
“I suppose now you’re going to tell me that my daughter somehow managed to restrain a live buck deer and eviscerate it and then take the guts out and string them from the tree limbs?” he said.
“Doctor Gibbons, I’m not the kind of man who’s gonna say anything about anything that I haven’t checked out and verified myself. This might have something to do with your daughter, it might not. I won’t know until we investigate it, which Deputy Manning and I are about to do. If this involves you or your daughter in some way, I will be sure to let you know about it if you need to. Now, do we need to give you a ride back to the university to pick up your car, while we’re on our way out there, or do you want to stay here with your daughter until the ambulance comes to get her? They should be here in about an hour.”
“I’ll stay with her until then. I’ll call a friend to take me back to my car, and then I’ll go up to stay with her in Lexington. I’ll have to call her mother too.”
“Well, suit yourself then.  We’ll be keeping in touch with you, Doctor Gibbons.” McKinney said. The two men disappeared down the hallway and around a corner. Gibbons sat next to the hospital bed, stroking his daughters hair, wondering how she could have changed so dramatically in three days. He glanced at his wristwatch. It was six thirty in the evening. Ibrahim would be finishing his last class in about an hour, so Gibbons decided that he would call in a favor with his old friend and have him take Gibbons back to his car, which was still in the parking lot of the Humanities building. He stared down at his daughter, her eyelids partially open, the once brilliant eyes now a watery gray color, just like the rest of her. He reached down and took her hand in his. It was clammy, cold and almost slimy. His hands glided along her skin as it it were oiled slightly, or had just been covered with some sort of lubricant. Puzzled, Gibbons ran his finger under Ashleigh’s eye and picked up some of her tears, and they too seemed…slick. Gibbons rubbed the slime together between his finger and thumb tips. His concentration was broken by an intern who came into the room.
“The ambulance is here to take her.” the young man said. The deputy who had remained in the room, silent up until this point, keyed in microphone on his walkie talkie and informed Sheriff McKinney that the ambulance had arrived and that he would be accompanying the suspect in the ambulance to Lexington. Two emergency medical technicians came in to the room and began disengaging the monitoring equipment, transferred Ashleigh to a mobile gurney, and were soon wheeling her down the hallway and out a series of double doors that led outside. An ambulance was parked there, it’s rear doors opened. The paramedics loaded the monitoring equipment onto the brightly colored ambulance, it’s emergency lights flashing and strobing in the early evening light. Then they hoisted the gurney into the vehicle, and then the two paramedics and the sheriff’s deputy jumped up into the ambulance. The doors were shut and the vehicle turned out of the emergency lane and on the road leading to the front of the building. Gibbons went back inside and walked through the corridors until he came out the front of the building, and then he checked his watch. Seven fifteen. Ibrahim’s class wouldn’t end until seven thirty. He decided to go ahead and call to leave a voicemail message. Hopefully Ibrahim would check his voicemail as he customarily did after a class. He pulled out his mobile phone, punched up Ibrahim’s number and listened for the ring. Instead, the phone he was calling went directly to voice mail, giving Gibbons a small amount of relief. The line beeped, indicating that the voice mail was ready to record a message.
“Yeah, Ibrahim, this is Jared. I’m in need of a favor and I need you to call me as soon as you get out of class tonight. Thanks.” he said and then pushed the touchscreen of his phone to end the call. He looked around and saw a small, wrought iron bench with a smokeless cigarette receptacle next to it. He walked to the bench and sat down. He leaned over and put his head in his hands. So much to think about, so much to do and so much to digest. This wild tale the authorities were telling him, that his daughter was involved with drugs and was some sort of blade-wielding maniacal killer. Utterly unthinkable. There simply was no credible way that she could have been guilty of such a crime. He ran his fingers through his thinning hair, cursing the miserable August heat and humidity. He sighed, and then pulled out his phone again. He called up his phonebook, scrolled down a list of names, and then, with another deep sigh, punched the number that selected the call. He put the device to his ear. Another call sent to voice mail. This time, he was very relieved about it.
“Carolyn,” he said, “It’s Jared. I thought you’d want to know that Ashleigh is in the hospital. She’s on her way to University Hospital in Lexington. It’s kind of a complicated story, so you should call me as soon as you get a chance. I’m going to be on my way up there shortly. Bye.” He punched the touch screen of his phone again and the display went dark. He slid the phone back into his jacket pocket. Then, out of the corner of his eye he saw a bright flash of red. He turned, and there, standing toward the left side of the building, was the gap-toothed old man who had been smiling at him on Red River campus last week when he’d had his fight with Tracie. He saw the man, the same twinkling smile in his eye, staring at him again. Annoyed, Gibbons stood and walked up to the small, old, wizened man. Gibbons stopped about three feet away from him and looked the old man in the eye.
“Listen here, sir. I don’t appreciate being followed. So you just stay away from me.” he said.
The old man smiled even wider, revealing the complete absence of teeth in his mouth. The old mans ears were long and pointed and his nose hooked downward over the empty, stinking mouth. He chuckled.
“Your name is Jared Gibbons, yeah?” the old man said.
“Yes, that’s my name. What’s it to you?” Gibbons said.
The old man chuckled again.
“My name is Lovell Bell, Jared Gibbons.” he said, not blinking, and his gaze at Gibbons unwavering.
“So? What do you want?” Gibbons demanded.
“Your daughter is going to die.” The old man said, his eyes burning with a maniacal glee.
“What the…how do you know about my daughter?” Gibbons said. The old man merely kept chuckling and then walked around the corner of the building. Gibbons, enraged, turned the corner to get some answers from the old man.
There was no one there, but Gibbons could still hear the sound of the old man chuckling. Gibbons pulled the phone out of his pocket, and was going to call the police when he realized that he had no number for them other than nine one one. Besides, it was probably just some old coot who had nothing else to do but get in the way of the city slickers who had come to the area since the university had opened. The old fucker had probably ran as fast as he could and was hiding behind a trash receptacle or something. God only knows what stupidity could be hatched from some of the underdeveloped minds that resided in this part of the state. While he held on to the phone, lost in his reverie, the device went off in his hand, singing a musical tune and vibrating. The display flashed a picture of Ibrahim’s smiling visage, and Gibbons breathed a sigh of relief. He pushed the button to accept the call and then held the device to his ear.
“Hello?” he said.
Ibrahim spoke on the other end.
“Hello, my friend. What sort of favor may I indulge you in this evening?” he said.
Gibbons smiled.
“Ibrahim, my daughter is on her way to a hospital in Lexington. I was hoping that you could come and pick me up from the Medical Center in Stanton and then take me back to my car on campus so that I can go up there. I’ll give you money for gas.”
“You will do no such thing.  My god, what has happened to Ashleigh? Didn’t you just have dinner with her this previous Friday?”
“Yes, I did.  I’ll fill you in on the way back to the car, okay?”
“Absolutely. I will be there with the greatest of haste.” Ibrahim said. The line clicked, and the display on the mobile phone went black. Gibbons stood there, massaging his temples as the light in the west began to fade.
About twenty minutes later, Ibrahim pulled up in his silver Hyundai. Gibbons went to the edge of the curb and lifted the handle. Once inside and settled, he slid the seatbelt around him. Ibrahim put the vehicle in gear, and then took off.
“Thank you so much, Ibrahim. I truly appreciate you going out of your way to come and get me. What I wouldn’t give to be living in a real town right about now. One that had taxi service.” he said.
“Think nothing of it, my friend.” Ibrahim said. “Now tell me, first, what has happened to Ashleigh, and secondly, what I can do to help?”
“Well, to answer your second question first, you’re doing what you can right now. She’s in pretty bad shape, and hopefully the doctors at the hospital in Lexington will actually be able to do something for her. The most they could do here at the medical center was to stabilize her, but she’s lost a lot of blood and I think she has some sort of infection or something.”
“Did she somehow fall ill or contract some disease? I understand lyme disease and the spotted fever are both quite easy to catch if one goes camping recreationally around this area” Ibrahim said.
“Well, not exactly. The sheriff was there with her. It was a deputy that came and got me from the campus today. Apparently, they seem to believe that Ashleigh was involved in some sort of drug trafficking operation and ended up killing all of her friends.”
“Ashleigh? Kill? Preposterous. Involved with drugs somehow? Patently insane. What makes them think this? Surely they must understand how unthinkable this theory of theirs is? Ashleigh does not even know how to use a gun, no?”
“They don’t think she used a gun.” Gibbons said.
“No? What do they think she used then, her acerbic wit?”
“No, they said that they have her fingerprints on a machete that was used to kill the rest of the kids she was camping with. They said she did it. The details that Sheriff McKinney provided were rather gruesome.”
Ibrahim sat in silence for a minute, and then spoke.
“Jared, I am quite familiar with the use of machetes as instruments of murder. Whenever I hear of genocides occurring in my native continent, I recall the terrible, terrible stories that we would hear when I was a child in my village in Kenya. Stories of wild, angry men, slaughtering entire villages with machetes and petrol. When I grew older, before I joined the Church and received my pontifical doctorate from Gregorian, I traveled throughout Africa, and I saw the carnage. Believe me, Ashleigh is not, and could never be, capable of such violence. The mere idea is utterly ridiculous. There must be some other explanation.”
“The sheriff said that she had beheaded a couple of them, and cut one of them up so badly that the only way they will be able to identify him is by what’s left of his teeth.”
Ibrahim’s brow crinkled.
“My friend, that bit of information there is the proof you seek. A machete is merely a sharpened piece of steel. To behead someone with such a blade requires extreme strength. For all that Ashleigh is in her heart and mind, it is inconceivable that she is strong enough to drive a blade through the bones and tissues of another human being’s neck in such a way as to separate them from their head. I knew very strong and very wiry men who could not do such a thing. Perhaps you should direct me to this sheriff, so that I may educate him further in matters such as these? And what of this illness you speak of?”
“Well, she’s running a fever, and like they said, she had lost a lot of blood. The sheriff said that she got a pretty deep cut in her left arm as a result of a fight with someone else in her group. They said that there were two machetes, and one had Ashleigh’s fingerprints on it, and one belonged to a boy named Bryan, one of the victims. I remember him. He was one of the ones that was with Ashleigh when we all had dinner.  He didn’t talk very much. But she also has, I don’t know how to describe it. It’s like all the color has been drained from her. Even her hair. The bandage that they had covering the wound on her arm was stained, I suppose, but it wasn’t red or even brown. It looked gray, like dirty dishwater or something. And I swear that she’s covered with a layer of, I don’t know…slime?  It’s even running from her eyes like tears. Her skin is all pale and gray and cold as well.  ’ve never seen anything like it. She’s unconscious though, which I don’t know is a good thing or a bad thing.”
Ibrahim glared at Gibbons, his eyes wide.
“What is it?” Gibbons said, noticing his friends response.
“Nothing…nothing.” Ibrahim said, shaking his head. “It’s simply utterly disturbing to hear of such trouble being visited on your daughter. I so completely hope that the doctors in Lexington will be able to help her.” Ibrahim turned the vehicle off of Mountain Parkway, and onto the access road that led back to the university. They continued the drive to the parking lot of the Humanities building in silence, both of the men lost in their own thoughts. Ibrahim pulled his car beside Gibbons’ black BMW and threw the shifter into park. Gibbons thumbed the latch on this seatbelt and it retracted.
“Thanks for the lift, Ibrahim. I really do appreciate it.” he said, pulling the latch on his door. It swung open and he stepped out. “Have a good rest of the evening.”
“I will be keeping you and your daughter in my thoughts, my friend.” Ibrahim said, leaning toward the open passenger door. “If you need anything at all, do not hesitate to call me, any time.”
“I will.” Gibbons said, and carefully shut the door to Ibrahim’s Hyundai. The silver vehicle backed out and then departed. Gibbon’s pulled the keys out of his pocket and pushed the button that disabled the alarm on his car and unlocked the door. Night was beginning to fall, and the orange glow of of the sodium lights as they switched on with a click was reassuring to Gibbons. He pulled the latch on his car door and swung it open.  In the distance, near an open breezeway beside the Humanities building, he saw a group of young people, smoking cigarettes and talking. Resident students. Utterly oblivious to anything and everything around them. For a second, a memory of his own college years flashed through his mind, the days when he and Carolyn would sit out behind their residence hall, drinking beer that had been smuggled onto campus. The carefree days of youth, he thought. He slid the key into the ignition and turned it. The Beemer roared into life, the lights from the dashboard the only indication that the engine had started, the machine was so quiet and ran so smoothly. He pushed in the clutch, shifted the manual transmission into reverse and then slowly released the clutch pedal. The vehicle eased backwards. He shifted into first gear and then took off. He looked at his fuel gauge, which read close to the full mark. Excellent. He could take the parkway back to I-64 and from there it was a straight shot to Lexington. Fortunately, he had taken enough trips to the University of Kentucky with Ashleigh that he could find his way back there with little difficulty. He turned onto Mountain Parkway and accelerated, topping out at around eighty miles per hour. He pushed the button to lower the drivers side window, allowing the evening air to blow into the cockpit. The mobile phone in his pocket vibrated again, this time uttering a morose and melancholy ringtone. He knew without having to look at his phone that it was Carolyn calling. He pulled the phone out of his pant’s pocket and thumbed the touchscreen on the green button.
“Carolyn.” Gibbons said.
A nasal male voice came over the line.
“No, Carolyn is busy at the moment.”
“Well, why can’t she call me back to tell me this herself? Who the hell are you anyway?”
“I’m Neil Bridger, Ms. Collin’s personal assistant. She’s very busy at the moment, so she directed me to call you and find out exactly what it is you wanted.”
“Christ, she couldn’t even listen to her voicemail? Did you? Did anyone?”
“Excuse me, sir, but we are all very busy people. We’re working, and we can not be disturbed by any little whimsical conversation that might happen to arise.”
Gibbon’s chuckled.
“Okay then,” he said, sarcasm loading the tone of his voice, “you tell Ms. Collins that her daughter, Ashleigh, is currently on her way to University Hospital in Lexington. She’s probably going to be in critical condition when she gets there. Is that whimsical enough for you, Neil?”
“Oh my. I’m…”
“What the fuck ever.” Gibbons said, and thumbed the touchscreen to end the call.  He pressed down the accelerator, passing car after car as he sped up the parkway, the lines in the center of the road flashing a pulsating rhythm as his headlights met them in his ninety mile per hour pursuit. The humid evening air blew into his face, and was still hot and damp. He continued to drive for another half an hour. His mobile phone rang again, this time emitting the ringtone for an unknown caller. He slid the mobile out of his pocket, thumbed the accept button, and held the phone to his ear.
“Hello?” he said.
“Yes, is this Doctor Jared Gibbons?” said a clear, masculine voice.
“Yes it is.”
“All right. I’m Doctor Mason at University Hospital here in Lexington, and I’m afraid I have some terrible news for you. Your daughter didn’t survive the trip. She expired shortly before she arrived here. I understand you’re on your way here now?”
Gibbons was slack jawed. He swallowed, then spoke.
“Yes, I am.”
“Okay. When you get here we will sit down with you to see how you would like to dispose of her remains.”
Gibbons winced. Tears rose unbidden to the corners of his eyes.
“Fine, fine. I should be there within the hour.” he said.
“Very good. I’m terribly sorry for your loss Doctor Gibbons.” said Mason. The line went dead, and the backlit display faded into the darkness of the BMW’s cockpit.

Chapter Seven
The funeral arrangements were made in a daze and before Jared knew it, he had buried his only daughter at the age of eighteen. Carolyn had not bothered to attend the funeral, which suited Gibbons just fine anyway. Ashleigh Gibbons was laid to rest on a sunny Saturday afternoon in a lavishly appointed and beautiful cemetery garden in Lexington, full of lush, green trees and colorful flowers, near to the University where her dreams and ambition had lead her, but which she never attended. Unfortunately, the sheriff’s department in Powell county had produced documentation demanding an autopsy of the body. Whenever Gibbons reflected on that single thought alone, he would burst into tears, or worse, simply fall into a state somewhere near catatonia. He would simply stop whatever he happened to be doing at the time, and would merely stare, off into some unseen horizon, bleary eyed. When he experienced these spells of silent and motionless insanity, the only thing that would enter his mind is the little old man, in his red plaid shirt and his dirty bib overalls, his shiny and reeking skin, his gaping, toothless maw, and those shining black eyes that glittered.
“Your daughter is going to die.” the man had said. Gibbons played it over and over in his mind, remembering every little detail of the event, down to the shade of sunset that made the left side of the man’s shining bald head and odd, almost elfin ears glow a fiery orange. The red light reflected in those glowing, black eyes, and the sharp snicker of his voice.
Your daughter is going to die.
But how could the little bastard know? It was impossible. Even Ashleigh’s doctors seemed somehow hopeful that they could repair her. The Sheriff’s department had quietly closed the investigation since her death, assuming that they had wrapped everything up into a neat little bow.
But what was it that he had heard over the walkie talkie? A thirteen point buck? Gibbons was no hunter by any stretch of the imagination, but he had heard the locals celebrate their kills in the area during the autumn deer hunting season. They would be out in force, every year, in their bright orange vests, caps and jackets. They would go with shotguns and high powered, barely legal rifles, and for the more primitive among them, they would go with bows and arrows into the cool woods, white men tracking their prey as if they were the spiritual heirs to the hunting traditions of the Native Americans that they had wiped out utterly when arriving in the area some three hundred years ago. He heard them talk about rack sizes and antler points and that the rack of a multiple point buck, such as a twelve or thirteen point, was eminently desirable as a trophy to display over one’s fireplace. If the head could be saved and stuffed, so much the better, but if that couldn’t be done, one merely needed to saw the antlers off with a hacksaw. Points indicated the age and size of the buck.
Which meant that a thirteen point buck being subdued and gutted alive was something of a feat. Ashleigh could not have accomplished such a thing, and wouldn’t want to if she were able.
But there were men around the area that could. Hundreds of them, and if one man couldn’t gut a deer alive then a group of them might.
What did the old man say his name was?
Bell. Lovell Bell. Surely the Sheriff would want to know about this. Maybe that little redneck was a part of something, maybe he was in on what really happened to Ashleigh. The marijuana was no surprise. For years the local hillbillies had been growing pot and selling it the same way their grandparents used to make and sell moonshine. The clannish brutes had no respect for law or the authorities that attempted to administer it. That had to be it. Ashleigh and her friends had stumbled upon an illegal growing operation, probably when they were on their hike. They found it, and the growers or whoever it was found them and killed them to keep them quiet. The fingerprints on the machete could be explained. She was trying to fight back! She had taken up the machete against the people who killed her friends and then tried to kill her. The other kid, Bryan, probably accidentally clipped her during the fighting. Of course, these poor kids didn’t know anything about fighting, let alone with bladed weapons. It all started to make sense to him. He experienced the same pleasure in watching his theory fall into place as he did when he was performing symbolic logic derivations. Every piece fell into position, and the logic of the whole presented itself in it’s obvious, stark, and unarguable beauty. He made up his mind, then and there. He would take his theory and his description of Lovell Bell to Sheriff McKinney.
He emerged from his daze to find that he was slumped over the metal desk in the Philosophy office. Had he been asleep? Dreaming? He looked at his watch. Almost time for his first class of the day, he observed. His students had missed several classes in the last three weeks. So, one more day wasn’t going to kill them. He was going to be extraordinarily easy on them this semester. He had missed out on a lot of instruction because of Ashleigh’s death, and in return for their patience with him he would be patient with them.
It was only fair.
He gathered up his belongings and left a note with the student assistant that he was canceling all of his classes for that day and then left. He checked to see if Ibrahim’s car was in the parking lot as he left. It wasn’t. He unlocked the doors to the Beemer, threw his briefcase and laptop bag in the back seat and then got in his car.
He settled into the seat, and another item of rational explanation floated into his awareness. Insecticide. Or some other pesticide. That’s what had caused Ashleigh’s physical debilitation. She had been poisoned by some chemical that the hillbillies were using to protect their pot crop. Ockham’s Razor had never seemed as much of a useful tool as it had this morning.
As he drove, he slid the mobile phone from his pocket and thumbed the touchscreen. He selected Ibrahim’s number from the phone book and then pushed the number to initiate the call. The call went through, but was dropped the moment that Gibbon’s Beemer hit the access road that led to Mountain Parkway. He thumbed it again, cursing. The call went through again and this time Ibrahim answered the phone.
“Good Morning, Jared.” Ibrahim said, preoccupation muting his tone.
“Ibrahim? Hello. Do you have a minute?” Gibbons said.
“Of course I do. I don’t have to be on campus for another hour and a half.  What can I do for you? How are you recovering of late?” Ibrahim said.
“Ibrahim, I think I have it all figured out.” Gibbons then went into great detail, explaining his theory for what really happened to Ashleigh and explaining the presence of Lovell Bell in his pathetic attempt to scare Gibbons away, just like he would anyone else that was growing dope in the hills.
“I’m on my way to tell Sheriff McKinney now.  What do you think?”
Ibrahim sounded pained.
“My friend, the local constabulary might indeed seem to be something out of a Li’l Abner comic, and this area of the country might seem like backwards Dogpatch, but I think in this instance you would do well to let this go, and simply mourn your tragic loss.  This is something potentially very dangerous that you are meddling in, and from the perspective of a practical man you must agree that as a professor of Philosophy you are not getting paid to lay your life on the line, no matter how much you think you may be able to help. Were I you, the only thing I would do is report this Lovell Bell person to the authorities for harassment and terroristic threatening. If your hypothesis is correct, these villainous thugs, who had no problem murdering six innocent young people and mutilating a poor helpless animal, might turn their attentions to you. Do you think that at all wise?”
“But Ibrahim, I can’t sit by and do nothing. I know they are wrong about this. Why would Lovell Bell come and try to goad me like this?”
“I should think the answer is obvious. He wants you to get involved, which seems to me to be the eminently obvious reason why you should not, in fact, do so.”
“Maybe. But maybe he’s just a senile old coot who had nothing better to do than to come and rub this in my face.”
“That may indeed be the case too. In such an instance, I still am compelled to direct you to merely alerting the sheriff to the man’s existence. Provide them with a description and then be on your way. Go back home, have a drink, and compose yourself. Doctor Haskell has been asking about you, you know, since all of this has come to light about Ashleigh’s murder. Perhaps you should give her a call?”
“Yeah. Maybe. Tracie and Ashleigh only met once, but they seemed to hit if off rather well.”
“Maybe the company of a softer shoulder than mine might be of some use to you. I can only pontificate on the nature of suffering. I can do but little to ease it. This is why I left the priesthood all those years ago.”
Gibbons considered what Ibrahim was telling him.
“Well, I’m here at the Sheriff’s station now. I’ll let you know what happens when I get out.”
“Fair enough.  Merely leave me a voice mail if I am unavailable.”
“I will.”
The two men exchanged their good-bye pleasantries and Gibbons pulled the BMW into the parking lot of the whitewashed concrete block building that bore the signage “Powell County Sheriffs Department.” He saw that the parking lot was filled with patrol vehicles. In some respects, he envied the officers. They got paid a rather hefty sum of taxpayer money to essentially sit around and do almost nothing apart from issuing tax orders and rounding up the occasional drunk, which was pretty rare in this country of full-gospel churches. He strode up the slanting concrete walkway and went into the station. He was stopped by a bullet-proof shielded plexiglass barrier, behind which sat a dumpy woman wearing the khaki uniform of a deputy. Her graying red hair frizzed in the stinking morning heat. She squinted at Gibbons, regarding him with obvious derision, and for one second Gibbons thought she was actually going to spit chewing tobacco into a spittoon.
“Wha’ kin I do fer you?” the dumpy deputy asked.
“Yes, Hi, My name is Doctor Jared Gibbons, I teach Philosophy up at Red River University. I was hoping that I could have a word with Sheriff McKinney, would that be all right?”
“I reckon so, but he ain’t here right now.” said the woman. “He’s up the road tryin to get someone down here to fix our air conditionin’. It’s been out all morning, and we are all about to just keel over an die in har.” she said, grabbing a sheet of blank copy paper and fanning herself with it. “I reckon he’ll be back in a few minutes. You want to wait just in there?”
“No thanks, I think I’ll wait in my car. My air conditioning works.” Gibbons said.
“Well, ain’t you just special or something.” the irritated fat woman said and turned out of Gibbons’ view. Gibbons exited the building, walking back to the car that waited for him, baking in the September morning heat. He hit the keyless entry on the car, got in and started it. A few minutes later, the air conditioning was on, and Gibbons sat, flipping through the pictures of Ashleigh that he had stored in his mobile phone. Each picture was a fresh wound, a stab and a rip into his heart. He had stopped bleeding long ago, stopped feeling at all shortly afterward. All he was now was mind, pure intellect, the cold rational logic that had solved nearly every human problem that it encountered. He would solve this one too. He didn’t care how the local authorities would take it. He had time and money enough to hire a private investigator if he needed to. But really, wouldn’t all that any sort of detective would do is use deductive logic? The power of deduction? Elementary my dear Watson? He taught those very same skills, and he was almost completely certain that these Keystone Cops had gotten the case so hopelessly confused that they were probably happy when Ashleigh died so they could just close the case and be done with it. That was laziness, not justice. And like any father, he demanded justice for the death of his child.
Sheriff McKinney came rounding the corner, sweat beading on his face as he squinted in the morning sunshine. Gibbons killed the ignition and pulled the key out. He got out and ran to meet the sheriff before he made it to the door.
“Sheriff McKinney!” he yelled, waving his right hand in the air to attract the sheriffs attention.
The sheriff spotted him, and stopped in front of the door, hands on his hips.
“Good Morning, Doctor Gibbons.” the sheriff said. The tone of his voice conveyed an emotion far more exasperated than the mere words.  “I’m kind of in the middle of an emergency here…” he said.
“Yes, I know the, um, deputy behind the desk told me.  A/C is on the fritz?” Gibbons said, jerking a thumb in the direction of the door.
“Ahh, so you’ve already been in.”
“Yes, sir. I have. I need to speak with you on an urgent matter. It’s about..”
“Your daughter?” the sheriff eyed Gibbons.
“Among other things, yes.” Gibbons said. The sheriff sighed, then opened the door to the building and waved Gibbons inside. He went up to the deputy’s station and leaned up to the plexiglass.
“Buzz me in, Rhonda! The contractor is gonna be here in about fifteen minutes!” The dumpy woman, who had been out of view, moved back into it, her rotund frame blotting out the visible area behind her. A buzzer sounded, and a door to their right slid open. The sheriff pushed his way through it, holding the door open so that Gibbons could pass through it. The sound of giant metal fans whirring filled the office area, leafs of paper and plant material waved under the onslaught of the air. Over the din of the electrical motor, the sound of old style electric typewriters could be heard. Gibbons saw that Rhonda had moved from behind the front desk to a side one, and was hammering the keys of the old Smith Corona typewriter with her chubby fingers. Beige metal filing cabinets lined the walls, the frail paper labels peeling and frayed. The carpet felt squishy under Gibbon’s shoes. The sheriff directed him to a corner office, the wire-mesh glass on the office door displaying sheriff McKinney’s name in large golden letters. Once inside, the sheriff shut the door, instantly converting the office into a sauna. While Gibbons sat in a rickety leather covered chair in front of the large, dark wood desk, the sheriff switched on a standing room fan and set the knob on the top. The fan sprung into life and began to oscillate, sweeping the area in forced air. It did not feel any cooler to Gibbons, but at the very least the blowing air dried the sweat that was beginning to drip down the back of his shirt. The sheriff unknotted his tie and whipped it off in one smooth motion, flinging it over the back of his office chair. He unbuttoned the top two buttons of his uniform shirt, pulled the chair out, and took his seat.
“Hope you don’t mind the informality with my tie and all. It’s damn hot in here, and I need to be comfortable right this second. What can I do for you.” the sheriff’s drawl seemed thicker than usual this morning.
“Sheriff, I hope you don’t find this too presumptuous of me, but I believe I have an alternate explanation for the events surrounding my daughter’s death.”
“Really now? Good for you. The case is closed. Your daughter was the perpetrator. She’s dead, case closed.”
The hair on the back of Gibbon’s neck rose, despite being covered in a layer of sweat and grime.
“Sheriff, have you ever considered the possibility that perhaps a group of people was responsible?”
“Yes, we did. For about ten minutes. The only footprints and forensic evidence we found indicated that a lone individual wielding a machete killed Tobey Westchester first, then that person moved to kill the rest of the kids in sequence. Jennifer Moseley, then Jason Beckett, then Stacey Woodring. With the exception of Bryan Howerton, the forensic analysis reports that none of the kids got far after the perpetrator decided to kill them. Even with what we could get considering the rain that fell, the blood spatter analysis indicates that the kids were killed where they sat in the chairs, probably sleeping, with a blade and some minor blunt force trauma. Stacey Woodring was killed while standing and then fell or was thrown head first into the camp fire. Your daughter’s finger prints are on the weapon, they are the most recent, and those fingerprints had the blood of those kids with them. We scraped your daughters nails after she became a suspect, and she had their blood and tissues under them. Byran Howerton was relieved of his arm and then disemboweled with that same machete and then your daughter cut his head off with it. We have forensic evidence all over that crime scene that tells us, and it’s pretty unanimous with all of our investigative team, that your daughter killed those kids.”
Gibbons shifted in his chair, the nervousness making his breath flutter.
“Sir, I understand all of this, as horrible as it is, but there is absolutely no way that my daughter could have done any of those things?”
“Son, you ever hear of PCP?” the sheriff asked, staring Jared in the eye.
“Why yes, I have. It was quite the rage in the seventies as I recall.”
“Yeah? Do you have any idea what it does?”
“I heard it was some sort of a hallucinogen.”
The sheriff snorted a laugh.
“Yeah, it is, but it also creates rage and a pretty spectacular increase in physical strength. Hell, a few years ago some rapper up North got himself arrested after killing his girlfriend and eating her lungs while on the stuff.”
“But Ashleigh’s autopsy…”
“Your daughter’s autopsy didn’t show us a goddamn thing, but you know what? All that tells me is that she was probably on something that’s so new and dangerous that we just haven’t gotten any news about it yet. I reckon that’s why her skin was so gray. She had probably overdosed on whatever the hell it was and it finally just killed her. Another explanation, if I may, was that when her and her friends went to go pick up the marijuana that we found at the crime scene, she was exposed to some sort of toxic fertilizer or something. That might have also fried her brains enough for her to go on a killing spree. In any case, it doesn’t matter what kind of alternate explanations you, or me, or anyone else can dream up. The evidence, which is what we law enforcement officers like to draw our conclusions from, points directly and clearly at your daughter being the murderer, and she’s dead. Case closed.” Sheriff McKinney leaned back in his chair and crossed his fingers over his gigantic belt buckle. “Do you have anything else, or can I get back to work now?”
Gibbons fingers brushed the top of the desk as he rapped on it, his hand shaking.
“A man came to see me the night she died.”
The sheriff leaned forward.
“All right. Why is this important?”
“It was an old man. I’ve seen him around lately, different places. He said he knew that Ashleigh was going to die.”
“You didn’t happen to catch the feller’s name by any chance, because we don’t have a sketch artist on staff here, I’d have to send to Lexington to get one down here.”
“Of course. The man said his name was Lovell Bell.”
Gibbons saw the light of recognition dawn in the Sheriff’s gaze. Just as quickly as it had come, it was gone.
“Son, Lovell Bell is a local fairytale. There ain’t never been such a feller. Whoever did that was probably puttin’ you on. Probably some old hillbilly with nothing to do but cause trouble for the city slickers around here.”
Gibbons decided to take a gamble. He saw McKinney’s reaction to the name. What about a description?
“Well, the man was short, about the height of my shoulder. I’d say he was around seventy to eighty years old, but in pretty good condition for a man of his age. He was bald with big, huge green eyes and no teeth to speak of. His ears were sort of pointy, and so was his nose. Every time I’ve seen him, he’s worn a red plaid flannel shirt and dirty bib overalls.”
Gibbons saw the light come to the sheriff’s eye’s again, only to be quickly replaced by the sheriff’s normally flinty gaze. The door buzzer sounded, muted within the office.
“Doctor Gibbons, you could be giving me the description for about half the inhabitants of Powell county. But, I’ll tell you what. If you see this gentleman again, you snap me a picture with that spiffy little cell phone of yours and I’ll send a deputy out to bring him in, and then I’ll have a little chat with him. Wouldn’t want you to have to deal with a stalker or some kind of harassment. You and all your colleagues at the University are now the outstanding pillars of the community.” The sheriff rose from his seat and crossed behind Gibbons to open the office door. Rhonda was approaching the office, with a stout, mustached man dragging an impossibly large tool box behind him.
“Sir, the contractor is here to fix the air conditioning, thank god.” she said. The man behind her smiled and tilted his grease covered John Deere cap in their direction.
Sheriff McKinney turned to Gibbons.
“Well now, Doctor. I’m happy to have been some service to you. Now if you will excuse me, I have to attend to some rather pressing matters. Take care, now.” he said, pointing at the door. “Rhonda, buzz Doctor Gibbons here out.” The deputy shot Gibbons a disgusted look, then trotted over to the control panel. Gibbons followed her, crossing the hurricane created by the fans to take his place behind the door. Rhonda thumbed a button and the loud buzzer sounded once again. The door in front of him clicked open, and he pulled it toward him to open it. Once through the vestibule, he threw open the door to the building and stomped back to his car. The morning heat assailed him. He opened his car door, threw it open and slammed the door shut.
What had he learned? Apart from understanding how much of a pompous ass Sheriff McKinney was, he also learned that somewhere in this town was a man named Lovell Bell, and this man knew something about how and why his daughter was murdered. But what had the sheriff said? Local legend? A grin crossed Gibbon’s face. Red River University had an entire section of it’s Anthropology department dedicated to nothing but collecting and cataloging local folklore. The area was rife with it, essentially being the equivalent of a third world nation inside Kentucky’s borders. Certainly a colleague at the University would have no trouble assisting him with some research. He stuffed the key into the ignition and the Beemer roared into life. He took to the road back to his house, he’d have to stop and pick up some toiletries. He planned on staying overnight in the archives and Library, looking for whatever he could find on Lovell Bell, folklore or not.
Chapter Eight
Gibbons spent that night in the basement of Peenman Hall, the building that housed the Anthropology and Geoscience Department class rooms and offices, in a dark, cramped room, filled with plastic boxes and bins and the ever present metal filing cabinet. The walls were dingy gray and utterly unadorned. In the center of the room was an table, smoothed pipe work covered with a chip board slab and a formica facade, and a folding chair. This building was a newer construction on campus, and the basement had become something of a catch all for the various professors and researchers that did their work there. The bins and boxes did contain various items, however, they were not labeled, and for what seemed like the hundredth time, Gibbons had opened a bin only to find bits of unmarked bone, or arrow heads, or a stone tool. Much of the area had been inhabited by various Native American tribes before the arrival of the white, protestant, Scotch-Irish that were the forebears of the locals. A significant part of the work of the Anthropology department at Red River University was the preservation of items of the material culture of the tribes that had been killed off or forced to migrate out of the area. It was rewarding work, according to Doctor Alan Snorre, a small man who while seeming very convivial on the surface, was one of the most irritatingly condescending pricks that Gibbons had ever had the misfortune of having to deal with. Gibbons had to get the key and permission from this man in order to come down to the basement. After a rather grueling session of answering questions about his own professional research and the specific reasons why he needed access to the archives of the Folkloristics department, the beady eyed man had given him the key and then subjected Gibbons to a half an hour harangue about his own research in local basket weaving techniques. Gibbons neglected to make any jokes at the man’s expense, although he was quite tempted to do so. However, after replacing the last bin on it’s shelf, he sat down in the folding metal chair at the table, running a hand through his thinning hair. His search had produced nothing; he had been through every bin, box and cabinet in the basement, and the library had long since closed for the night. He reached down underneath the table and grabbed his laptop bag. He slid the device out, thumbing the switch at the front that held the display shut.  He powered the laptop on, and after it booted, he logged into the wireless network that blanketed the entire campus. He then opened an internet browser and went to the university’s library webpage, and logged into the online academic journal collection. He selected the Folklore and Anthropology category, and entered the name Lovell Bell in the search field. He clicked the button labeled “submit” using his trackpad. His search proved fruitless. He clicked the category selection back to “All” and then clicked “submit” again.  He pounded the top of the table in frustration as the result came back. Nothing. Why was there nothing to be found about the old man? He navigated back to the library’s webpage and clicked a link for the scanned microfiche archive. He entered the name into another search field, and received nothing. He sighed and went to a metasearch engine’s webpage, and entered the name there. The engine gave him a list of links. He scanned them, noting that few of them seemed to have any relation to Powell County, or even Kentucky in general. A large portion of the links were from Lovell Bell’s who either currently lived or had died in various locations in in the Northeast. Gibbon’s scowled. There was no doubt in his mind that Lovell Bell was a local. He was too much like the rest of the denizens of the area. Besides, even the sheriff had said that Lovell Bell was a local legend. He continued to examine the selection of links. He came upon a blog, apparently written by a student at the University of Kentucky, that had an article entitled “The Grave of Lovell Bell?” He clicked the link, and read the article. A picture of a grassy mound was at the top of the webpage, beneath it a caption read “is this it?” The article continued.
Is this the grave of Lovell Bell, the infamous Powell County Butcher? It is, says Emmett Bell, a Bowen, Kentucky man who claims to be the great-grandson of the mysterious purported baby killer. According to local legend, Lovell Bell was either a senile old man or a devil worshipper (or both) who would go out from his shack in the middle of the night on certain nights of the year (August first being his favorite) and steal infants from the cradles of local families. The children were never seen again. The legend claims that he killed them and ate them, but there are no records of the man’s birth or death in any official record. The legend continues to say that the locals were so afraid of him and his abilities with sorcery that they killed him after forming a vigilante mob. The methods of his execution vary, some saying that he was taken down into a coal mining shaft and cut to pieces, and then the shaft was closed with dynamite, and some say that he was burned to death at the stake. Folklorists who have investigated the tales tend to agree that Lovell Bell more likely is a fanciful tale to explain the symptoms of what is currently known as S.I.D.S. And that the story has grown so contorted over time that the idea of him “taking the children away” became conflated with a literal physical act. Emmett Bell disagrees.
“I tell you, he was my great-great-grandfather, and no I don’t know why he didn’t eat me, or why he did what he did. But I tell you, this here mound is the grave where they buried him after they killed him. They hung him from a tree and then they cut his body into pieces and they buried them here.”
It is interesting to note that the mound is positioned directly in Emmett Bell’s backyard. When I pressed him about this small incongruity, he merely shrugged and said something I’ve heard more than once in this business.
“A man’s gotta make some money somehow.”
Gibbons scrolled to the bottom of the webpage and filled out an email form to the blogger indicating his name, his profession and his location, and all the information that he had on Lovell Bell as well as it’s source. He then pulled his mobile phone out and set an alarm on it, programming the device to awaken him at 8:00 AM. He yawned and smiled and crossed his arms on the table. He laid his head down on them, simultaneously satisfied that he had found something that might be useful, but also perplexed and alarmed at the man’s supposed activities. Sorcery? Infanticide? He ruminated on these concerns until they sent him into sleep. Gibbons was not a man who remembered the dreams that filled his mind while he slept. It was a good thing, because on this night, had he recalled them upon awakening, he would have remembered that the old man was there in his dreams, laughing at him, mocking him and taunting him, his eye’s glowing red, his mouth drawn back in a snarl, and his face covered in blood.
Gibbons shambled into the Philosophy department office the next morning.  He passed the student assistant, who glowered at the unshorn and disheveled professor as he passed her on his way to the metal desk and the coffee maker, his shiny coffee mug dangling from his pinkie finger. A fresh pot had been brewed, for which he was very grateful. So grateful that he didn’t notice that Tracie Haskell Ph. D. was seated at the metal desk, her eyes wide in shock.
“Jared? What the hell happened to you?” she said, rising from the chair. Gibbons plopped his mass of clothing and his bags on the desk. He set his mug down, flipped off the top and filled it from the carafe, before saying anything.
“Jared?”
“Good Morning, Tracie.” he said, finally.
“My god, what’s wrong with you? You look like you spent the night in a bar or something.”
“Close, I spent it in the basement at Peeneman, looking at artifacts.”
“Artifacts? Did you decide to change your disciplinary focus from Philosophical Logic to Anthro or something?”
“Tracie, do you recall the last time we talked, face to face?”
Tracie blushed, the skin of her face coming close to matching her glowing auburn hair.
“Yes,” she said. “I’m really sorry about that. I didn’t need to be so…vile with you. You tried to explain things to me, and I should have listened.”
“Do you remember seeing a old man sitting on one of the benches out there in front of the building when you were walking off? Bald guy, real old. Looked like he stepped off the set of Hee Haw?”
Tracie paused.
“Not exactly,” she said, her brow wrinkling. “I’m confused. What does some old man have to do with our fight?”
“He doesn’t have anything to do with it!” Gibbons snapped.
Tracie leaned back on the desk.
“Jared, are you sure you’re all right? Is their something I can do to help you?”
“You didn’t see anyone?”
“No, Jared, I don’t think I did. I only remember being really, really angry with you. But that’s because I really like you and…”
Gibbons stared at her, his eyes wild.
“That old man has been following me around. I’ve seen him a couple of times. The last time I saw him was on the night Ashleigh died.”
“Oh, Jared.” she said, leaning toward him and pulling to her in a warm embrace. “I’m so sorry for you. I know she meant the world to you. I feel so awful. I wish I could have gotten a chance to get to know her better.”
Gibbons sighed. He loved this woman, he loved everything about her, from the way she smelled to the way her eyes glittered, and now that he had lost everything in his world, he wanted desperately to cling to her, like a drowning man to a life preserver. But deep within himself, he knew that, for now at least, he couldn’t. His daughter was dead, yes, but there were so many questions to ask, so many answers to find, before he could satisfy himself and try to rejoin his life again. But, while he might not be capable of using Tracie as a lifeline, he had more immediate use of an ally, and after weighing the options, decided to trust her.
“Tracie, the old man came to me before Ashleigh died. He looked me in the eye and told me that she was going to die. He knew, somehow.”
Tracie pulled away, gazing into Gibbons’ eyes.
“I think you better tell me the entire story.” she said. Gibbons then recounted the story in every last detail, even the old man disappearing around the corner, and how he couldn’t see the old man when he should have been able to.
“The man said his name was Lovell Bell. I mentioned that name to the sheriff and…”
“You said Lovell Bell?” Tracie said, her eyes wide again.
“That’s what he said.” Tracie turned and sat on the desktop, her eyes unfocused and staring at the baseboards on the far wall. “Why? What is the story with this guy? I read some online blog about how he was supposed to be some senile old Satanist or something who killed infants. All very nineteen eighties to me.”
“Jared, you know that I’m from here, right?”
“Yes, you mentioned you were from Rosslyn, right? About fifteen minutes up the parkway?”
“Yeah, I grew up there. Lovell Bell was sort of like the boogeyman for the children here when I was younger. They said he did all kinds of mean things, and that he lived alone up in the hills where he talked with demons and spirits and did all kinds of folk magic and curses and such. This would have been back in the nineteen twenties, maybe? Yeah. My uncle told me all these stories about him. He told me that one year, just for spite, Lovell Bell got so angry with the sharecroppers who worked the tobacco and corn bases over in Bowen that he cursed them all with a plague of locusts. Apparently someone had tried to give the old man a bible and he took it for inspiration. Another time he was in the course of stealing a baby from it’s cradle and the poor thing’s mom woke up and stabbed him in the hand. He made off with the baby, and while she was trying to chase him into the hills to get her baby back, the mineshaft where her husband worked the night shift collapsed, killing him. They never found the woman again either.  The sheriff of Powell county at the time was running moonshine, and he didn’t want any attention coming into the county or the area because he had his stills up in the same hills, over there on the other side of where Nada is now.”
“Where Ashleigh was killed.” Gibbons said.
“Yeah, now that you mention it. From what my Uncle told me, things got so bad that the men in Bowen had just had enough. The preacher at the Tabernacle of David Full Gospel church, Bill Lewis, called all the men together and said they needed to do the Lord’s good work. Apparently people were more afraid of Bell’s magic than they were the holy spirit. But anyway, they scoured the hills until they found him. He had a shack out in the middle of a field somewhere in those hills where he lived and practiced his hexes, and they found it. They were going to just shoot him, but they were worried about his ‘unholy powers’ and Preacher Lewis told them that he needed to be as close to hell as they could get him. So they tied him up and led him down to the end of a dead mine shaft that they were going to abandon, tied him up to a support beam and packed the area with explosives. Then they blew the shaft, causing it to collapse. The whole thing fell on him.  My Uncle used to laugh about it, because apparently the end of that shaft was almost a mile underground. He said there was a ‘mile of busted rock between him and the sky.’ Supposedly, the people involved made a pact to never discuss it again, but things like that don’t stay hidden long in a small, isolated place like this. The worst part about the story is, though, that a lot of the older kids who’d hear stories about Lovell Bell, would go crawling around up in those hills looking for the mine shaft where he’s buried. Some of them didn’t come back. Kinda like that song I heard so much when I was a kid. Rocky Top.”
“Sorry, I was never a big fan of bluegrass music. Never heard it.” Gibbon’s said.
“Technically it’s not bluegrass, it’s country. And its about Tennessee and not Kentucky. But one of the lyrics is about some revenuers, I.R.S. Guys who go up Rocky Top looking for a moonshine still. They don’t come down. The song never says exactly why. I asked my mom about it once, and she said it’s because they found the still and got a taste of the shine and didn’t come back. But I always thought…”
“That the moonshiners killed them?” Gibbons said.
“Yeah. Something like that. Jared, I’ve been around these hills most of my life, and there’s something…there’s just something that’s not right about them. They’ve always scared me, I mean really creeped me out. You never know what might be up there. Hearing all those stories about Lovell Bell didn’t help when I was a kid, and you talking about it now just really freaked me out for a second.”
“But, Tracie, listen to me. Why would some old man introduce himself to me as Lovell Bell? I mean, obviously it wasn’t a real person.”
“True, it’s impossible for it to have been a real person. It’s like the steel hook guy on Lovers Lane or the Camp Blood killer. It might have been influenced by some kind of real event, but there was never any evidence that he was actually a real person. There is a Bell family in Bowen, but I think they’re not actually related to him.”
“I think I need to show you this blog I found.” he reached over the pile of clothing he had brought into the office to grab his laptop bag. He pulled the device out, flipped the top and pushed the power button in one swift motion. He sat the laptop on the desk, logged onto the network and then opened up his browser. He selected the page from his bookmarks and it flickered onto the screen. He tiled the laptop over so she could read it.
“Huh. It’s so funny how my version of the story is different than his.”
“True, but since the entire story is a fabrication, how could there be any right version?” Gibbons said.
“There’s my logician.” Tracie said, her eyes shining. She stared at him, down the slender curve of her nose. Gibbons flushed as he pulled the laptop back to him.
“What I should do is keep an eye out for this guy like the sheriff said, and make sure I can get a picture of him to give to the authorities. Then they can ask around and see if anyone knows who he is. But, I have to keep asking myself, how did the old man know that Ashleigh was going to die? He knew that she was my daughter. I don’t recall him standing around there anywhere.”
“Well, maybe he was hiding off behind a bush or a trash bin or something and he overheard you talking to someone.”
“Absolutely. Correlation is not causation. Oversimplified cause fallacy, and flirting a bit with post hoc ergo propter hoc, too.
“Post hoc?”
“Yeah, it’s the logical fallacy responsible for most magical thinking. Assuming that there is a correlation between two events wherein one causes another. Like sacrificing a chicken to make it rain, because once, when the tribe needed it to rain, someone killed a rooster and then it rained.”
“Ahh, I see. The rationalist has returned. It’s good to see.”
“It’s good to see you, Tracie. I meant to tell you that.” Gibbons said. He leaned forward to kiss her, all thoughts about protecting her from his troubles long since evaporated in a wave of logic. He paused, inches from her lips, to make sure she was okay with it. She moved closer to him, her lips parting. They kissed, and for an instant, the only thing in the world that Gibbons knew was her. Her taste, her scent, the heat of her body against his, the way she caught her breath, all were an exquisite elixir for him. His heart rose in his chest, and he felt alive, so vibrantly alive again. They broke contact, and she reached up and rubbed the scruff that had grown on his face overnight.
“You have scruff. I don’t like it. I like for my man to be clean shaven and respectable. I hope you brought a razor.” Gibbons turned to the desk and pulled open his briefcase and withdrew a portable rechargeable electric shaver and flicked the switch.  The razor came to life with a buzzing sound. He flicked it off, and put it back in the briefcase.
“So are you going to be free for dinner tonight? That was the whole reason I came over to this end of the building and up a flight.” Tracie asked.
“Of course. God, what day is it? Wednesday?” Gibbons said. His mad pursuit had robbed him of the passage of time.
“No, it’s Thursday. I really don’t even think you need to be here today, do you? Didn’t your schedule change from last semester?”
“Yeah, it did. I’m only on campus to teach all day Monday and Wednesday with one class on Friday. I guess I should go home. I completely lost track of the days.”
“Well, why don’t you go home, get a nap, and then clean yourself up and take me out to dinner at the University Club tonight? I should be home and ready by at least six.” she said.
“You sure you’d rather not have the Stanton Cafe?” he said. God, it felt so good to flirt again.
Tracie laughed.
“Absolutely not. This is our make-up dinner. It needs to be good.” She turned and walked out the door of the cramped office and was crossing the threshold of the Philosophy department to go out into the hallway when she screamed and jerked backward. A sharp, screeching sound filled the air. Gibbons dropped the clothes he was in the process of packing and ran to the door, followed closely by the student assistant. In the middle of the hallway was a tabby cat, it’s fur matted and spiking. It lay on it’s side, with it’s intestines and blood leaking out onto the carpet. The tail was violently shaking, and the legs were stretched out and straining. The animals eyes were bulging from it’s head, and a seething hiss mixed with a growl escaped it’s partially open mouth. The entrails had been laid out in a strange geometric pattern. The tortured feline breathed heavily for a few seconds and then fell silent and motionless. Tracie buried her head in Gibbons chest and began to cry. He turned to the student assistant and yelled.
“Call campus security, now!” The assistant raced behind her desk and punched the keys on the telephone.
Gibbon’s eyes were drawn to a flash of red. He looked down through the windows that overlooked the breezeway and saw him. The old man, Lovell Bell, staring up at him, in the same outfit he had always worn. Without taking his eyes off of him, Gibbons pulled out his mobile phone and set it to take a picture. While he had the image of the man in his display, the old man pointed up at them.
“Stay there, you old fuck.” Gibbons muttered. He held the mobile phone up and clicked the picture. It captured the image of the old man standing there with his finger in the air pointing at them in a high color, clear image. He clicked the zoom button and the image grew in his display, this time of just the old man’s hand and head. He snapped the picture again.
“Got you.” he said, smiling despite the grim scene around him.
The old man smiled too, and then licked his lips. He pointed again at them, then brought his hand slowly across his throat. Then he smiled, a toothless, dark simper, and then calmly walked out of his view.
Gibbons put the phone back in his pocket and caressed Tracie’s back, trying to soothe her. He looked down at the dead animal, it’s guts and tissues spread out so precisely.
Correlation does not imply causation. But there it was, a gutted animal, just like the deer near where Ashleigh’s friends had been killed. And not just gutted, something had been done with the intestines after the animal was killed. And at the same instance, the old man is there, to watch their reaction. Gibbons stomach fell.
He knows what happened to Ashleigh, logic or not. He was responsible for her and he was responsible for this. He looked down at Tracie’s auburn hair, shaking against his chest as she continued to sob.
Who was Bell pointing at? Him? Her? Both of them?
It didn’t matter. He had the pictures, and he was going to go to Sheriff McKinney as soon as campus security arrived. And he was taking Tracie with him.
“Eww, that’s so gross.” said the student assistant, peering around the corner at the gruesome display on the floor. “Sick people.”
The campus security officers arrived and cordoned off the area, after allowing Gibbons, Tracie and the student assistant to leave the office, tiptoeing past the animal corpse. One of them left to go retrieve a janitor and get a trash bag for the body, while the other directed them to a seating area off to the side of the elevator and began to ask them interview questions about the event.
“Okay,” said the officer. His accent wasn’t quite so thick. He must have not lived here long. “What happened here?”
Tracie spoke first.
“Well, I was coming out out of the office and was going to go back down to mine, which is on the second floor. I was going out the door when I saw…it. I didn’t believe what I was seeing at first, but then…oh god…it twitched. And then it’s tail shook. That’s when I screamed. I don’t remember much after that except crying.”
“Yeah,” said Gibbons. “I came out of the temp office in there when I heard her scream.” he pointed back in the direction of the office. The second officer had returned with a white plastic trash bag and was carefully attempting to scoop up the dead cat with it. Behind him was a short woman , trailing a janitors cart behind her with an expression on her face that was a mix of disgust, bewilderment and exasperation. The cat’s entrails slid into the plastic bag with a sickening plop, while the security officer wrinkled his nose and turned his head.
“What did you see?” the security officer questioned the student assistant.
“I just came around behind them when she screamed,” said the girl. “I saw the dead cat laying there and twitching.”
“Did anyone see who put it there? Clearly it couldn’t have gotten up there by itself.” The officer asked.
“I didn’t see anyone, but I wasn’t looking either.” said the assistant.
“I think I know who did it.” said Gibbons. He took out his mobile and opened the picture file and selected the image. For a brief second he was afraid that the image wouldn’t open, or that there would be something wrong with it. He even entertained the thought that there would be no old man in the picture, just a bare cobblestone walkway upon which the old man had been standing, as if he had tried to capture the image of a vampire on film. But the image loaded, and a clear and crisp picture of the old man filled the display of the mobile device. He handed it to the officer.
“Any idea who this guy is?” said the officer, looking at the image.
“He says his name is Lovell Bell.” Gibbons said, holding out his hand, expecting to get the phone back.
“I’m going to need this.” said the officer.
“No, I have to take this to Sheriff McKinney, because this old man has been stalking and harassing me for over a month now, and nobody believed me or even gave a shit. Now I have a picture and I’m going to use it. I can email you the pic of you want it.”
“All right. Email it. You can find our email address on the campus security webpage. If the sheriff needs us to corroborate you, just have him call, I’m going to file an official report on this. So you think this thing with the dead cat was him somehow trying to harass or threaten you?” he said to Gibbons as he handed him back his mobile.
“I suppose. It was just unfortunate that Tracie saw it first.” Gibbons replied. Tracie leaned away and stood, rubbing the back of her neck with her hand. The officer continued to scribble the information down onto the pad.
“Let me see the picture you took of the old man.” she said. Gibbons handed the device to her. She looked at it, chewing on her lower lip. “You took another one.” she said.
“See at the bottom…”
“Got it.” she said, thumbing the touchscreen, the picture changed to the close up image of the old man.
“Why did you want to see that?” Gibbons asked.
“Well, my when my uncle told me those stories, this was a lot like what I imagined Lovell Bell to look like. It’s uncanny, actually. And look at this.” she said, holding the display down to where Gibbons could see. She pointed at the hand that was raised up at them in the picture. “He’s pointing at either me or you. Probably you. Which is why I think you should stay with me tonight. If this old man has been following you around stalking you, then he probably knows where you live. He can’t know that about me. So, why don’t you go to see the Sheriff about this, and then you can come back here and hang out in my office until I get done with my last class. Then we’ll go back to my place and get some pizza or something. All of a sudden I’m not in the mood to be wined and dined. I feel like bunkering in.” she said.
“That sounds like a terrific plan.” said Gibbons. Tracie handed him back his mobile.
“Wait a minute,” said the student assistant. “Some old guy who thinks he’s Lovell Bell has been stalking you for a month? You? The logic professor that nobody wants to get stuck with? You? What did you do to piss this guy off?”
“What’s your name?” Gibbons asked.
“Lauren, Lauren Ransdell.” she said.
“Lauren, I didn’t do anything to the man. I just all of a sudden started seeing him everywhere, right around the beginning of the term. And what do you know about Lovell Bell?”
“Every one around here has heard of Lovell Bell. He’s like a redneck version of the Boogeyman. I’m going to try to write a book or make a movie about him or something. One day.” said the girl. “After I graduate. It’s pretty sick, though, that some old dude thinks he is the fucker. I guess some people just have a hard time telling truth from the movies.” she said.
The security officer flipped his notebook shut with a snap.
“Okay, I’ve got all I need. You make sure to send me an email of that picture so I can get it into the hands of the other officers, that way if he ever shows up on campus again we can escort him off the grounds. If he shows up after that, we can get the state troopers involved.” he said.
“Thanks so much.” Tracie said. Gibbons nodded, and the officer turned and left. The cleaning woman stood, two plastic spray bottles in her gloved hands, staring down at the maroon stain in the gray carpet.  She wore a protective mask over her nose and mouth, but it didn’t at all hide the disgust in the old woman’s eyes. She looked up at the three of them.
“You three should go. This is going to be very disgusting and won’t smell very good.” she said, her voice saturated with an accent. They rose and walked to the elevator. Tracie pushed the button.
“I can’t go, I have to stay in the office until 5:30. I don’t think that a minor security emergency and a biohazard cleanup is enough to let me off the hook.” Lauren said, and tiptoed back around the stain and disappeared back through the door into the office. The elevator arrived with a chime.
“Tracie, thank you.” Gibbons said as they entered the elevator car. He pushed the button for the second floor.
“For what?” Tracie said.
“Well…just for not thinking I’m nuts, or being scared away from me because of all of this.”
“Jared,” she said, “I’m not someone who is easily scared off from what I want. Yeah, the dead cat was pretty gruesome, and when the sheriff gets him, I’m going to press as many charges as I can. I think you should too, obviously. But I don’t let my fears dictate my life. That’s not a good way to live.” The elevator dinged and the doors slid open. “You just make sure to send me a text message when you get to the sheriff’s office. And another one when you get back on campus. I have a break between my one o’clock and three o’clock classes, so if you get back around then, just come up. I’ll be in my office.” She leaned forward and gave Gibbons a kiss. She backed out, and the doors slid shut. Gibbons, still tasting Tracie’s lipstick, pushed the button for the ground floor. He patted the mobile phone in his pocket.
“I’m going to get you.” he whispered. “Going to get you.” He stepped out into the foyer, turned through the glass doors and onto the cobblestone breezeway, headed for the parking lot.
Gibbons guided the Beemer into a parking spot at the sheriff’s department office building, threw the door open and then slammed it shut behind him. That redneck bastard had better not give him any damn trouble this time, he thought as he stomped along the concrete parking lot. The mobile phone in his pocket rang out. It was Ibrahim. He stopped, pulling the phone out. He jammed the button to accept the call.
“Ibrahim, hello.” Gibbon’s said.
“Doctor Gibbons, Doctor Haskell has informed me of the ignominy perpetrated against you and her this morning.”
“Yes, Ibrahim, I know. Look, I’m just about to go into the sheriff’s office, so I can give them a picture of the old bastard.”
“Of course, of course. Will you indulge this old man in a favor?”
“What is it?”
“When you return to the University campus, please stop by the office. I have something for you.” His voice sounded pained.
“Absolutely. I’ll be there as soon as I finish here. I’ll talk to you then.” Gibbons said.
“Be careful, my friend.” Ibrahim said, and the line went dead with a beep. Gibbons pushed the button to go to the file system on his phone. He selected the pictures folder, and scrolled through the options until he found the close up photograph of the old man pointing up at him. Even in the photo, the old man’s eyes gleamed with that dull red light, his mouth was that sick and glistening open maw. He set the hold switch down so that the image would stay on the display of the device and then swung the door to the sheriffs department open. As before, the dumpy deputy Rhonda sat before the glassed in booth. The air this time was much cooler, and it soothed Gibbons to walk in. He strode up to the booth and held the display side of his phone up to the glass with one hand. He beat the glass with the bottom of a balled fist made with the other.
“This is him. I have his picture. This is Lovell Bell.” he said.
“Son, you don’t have to do that.” Rhonda said, putting down her nail file. “I assume you want to see the sheriff?” she said.
“Yes, I do. Is he here?” Gibbons pulse began to race, and adrenaline surged through his body. Anger welled up. Anger at having not been believed, anger at having been condescended to, anger at all of this entire situation, from his miserable existence here in this poor excuse for an episode of Petticoat Junction, to the death of his precious daughter.. All of it. All of it could burn in hell for all he cared. The only thing that mattered to him now was that this podunk redneck asshole would be forced to eat every damn word he had said.
“Yes he is. I’ll buzz you through.” Rhonda said, pushing the button on the control panel. The door alarm buzzed and the door unlatched. Gibbons pushed the door open and turned to where Sheriff McKinney’s office lay, at the back of the office area. The fans were gone, and a few deputies sat at their desks, typing up and filing their various bits of paperwork.
McKinney saw him coming, and rose from behind his desk. Gibbons could see him moving through the glass of his office door. He opened the door, a look of calm on his face, but concern in his eyes.
“Doctor Gibbons, I just got off the phone with the folks from campus security over at Red River. They explained to me what happened, and they said you had a picture of the assailant.” Gibbons, taken slightly aback by the newfound cooperation, shook his head quickly and then held up his mobile phone.
“Is that him?” the sheriff asked.
“Yes. That is him. That’s the guy who was stalking me, that’s the guy who said he knew that Ashleigh was going to die. He’s the one.” Gibbons said.
“All right, can I take this from you for just a second?” said the sheriff. He took the phone and held it up close to his face, examining the image. “Hey, Earl?” he yelled across the office. A bespectacled young man with greasy black hair stood up and turned.
“Whatcha got?” Earl said.
“Come over here for a second.” The sheriff said. Earl came over, his gawky gait reminding Gibbons of Don Knotts. As he approached, McKinney handed the phone back to Gibbons.
“Doctor Gibbons, this here is Earl Lampton. He’s our resident technical specialist. If you could work with him about getting that picture off of your phone I could have this man identified pretty quickly I’m sure. We can scan every photo on the Kentucky Driver’s License database, and if that doesn’t pan out, I’ll have my boys beating the bushes in Stanton and Bowen trying to find out if any one knows who this old coot is. I’m going to get on the horn with the state boys up in Frankfort, and let them know that we might actually need for them to come down here and take the man into custody. I can hold him in the drunk tank or in the slammer, but if he’s done what those campus security boys said, it’s terroristic threatening, which means he could get state charges too, especially considering he vandalized state property to do it.”
Gibbons, who was utterly bereft of words at the amount and speed with which McKinney was organizing his response, merely nodded. Earl turned to go back to his desk.
“Come this way.” said Earl, his voice the screech of a rusty iron gate. Gibbons followed him back to his desk. The desk was cramped with various open pieces of electronic hardware and wires, all of which lay piled around a massive flat panel computer monitor. He slid into his desk chair and wheeled it into position in front of the monitor screen. The emblem for the sheriffs department on a navy blue field was the desktop wallpaper on the display. Gibbons stood behind him.
“Could you power off your phone please?” Earl asked. Gibbons pushed the power button on the side of the phone and the display and activity light fell dark at the same instant. Earl held out his hand and Gibbons placed his now inert phone in it. Earl flipped the device onto it’s side and pushed at a slim black patch on the otherwise shiny side of the device. A small memory card slipped out of the patch. Earl put the device down on the table and shoved his right hand into the pile of electronic equipment, without taking his eyes from the memory card. He pulled out a small black plastic box with a small slit in the front. He slid the memory card into the slit and pressed a button on the side of the box. A green light appeared next to the slit. Earl set the box down and then slid a keyboard tray out from beneath the top of his cluttered desk. The tray had a keyboard and a mouse with a mousepad that matched the wallpaper on the display. He slid the mouse around on the pad, moving the cursor on the screen. In a few deft clicks he had opened the files on the memory card and a large and clear picture of the old man appeared on the screen. Gibbons, impressed, leaned forward to get a better look at the image.
“Your camera’s pretty good for a cell phone model. How many megapixels does it use?” Earl asked.
“I’m not really sure.” Gibbons said. “I didn’t really think about it when I bought the thing.”
“That’s a shame. You should always know as much as you can about your tools, that’s what I always say.” Earl said. He clicked a few more times and the imaged shrank. He clicked some more icons and a browser window opened.
“What are you doing now?” Gibbons asked.
“Well, I saved a copy of the picture on my hard drive here, and now I’m running it through the K.D.L.D.B. To see if it matches any photographs that are on file. It might take a few hours to finish. Lots of items to comb through. Kinda like that needle in a haystack bit. But we use some pretty fast servers and such.” He picked up the box from the desk, and flipped the switch off. The green light began to fade away until it was dark. He pushed in the slit, and the memory card slid out. He picked up Gibbons mobile phone and slid the card back into it, and then handed the device back to Gibbons.
“You can turn it back on now.” Earl said.
Sheriff McKinney arrived at Earl’s desk.
“All right,” he said. “I just got off the horn with Frankfort. They are apprised of the situation and they have the troopers that normally patrol down I-64 and Mountain Parkway on alert. Earl, you want to go ahead and send that picture out to them in their patrol cars? I’ll give you their numbers here in a second. Doctor Gibbons, there’s not much else we can do from here, but I’ll tell you what I’ll do. You go home, or wherever you feel like you need to go to feel safe. I’m going to take some deputies and we’re going to start canvassing the area around the Medical Center to see if anyone has seen that man. It’s the last place you’d seen him until today, right?”
“Yes it is, Sheriff. I’m actually sort of surprised at…”
“That I’m doing my job? Son, this wasn’t ever anything personal. You brought me hard evidence backed up by corroborating statements and witnesses. That’s what I was referring to. I’m sorry your daughter died, but I’m here to tell you, we would have brought her to justice just as sure as we’re going to bring it to this old coot, once we know who he is and where we can find him. Now go home. We’ll call you as soon as we find out anything.” The sheriff held out his arm in the direction of the door. Gibbons accepted the command in that gesture, and, clutching his phone in a desperate grip, walked to the door. Rhonda, not so much chewing the gum in her mouth as making it snap and pop as much as was physically possible, pushed the button to buzz him out. He pushed open the glass doors to the outside, and as the early afternoon heat descended upon him, and the humidity enfolded him, he felt, at last, that all of this would come to some conclusion. Perhaps even a good one. When the old man was eventually found, they would have to find some kind of evidence. Something that would prove not only that he knew about the circumstances involving Ashleigh’s death, but that somehow, some way, he was the cause of it. And when they found that evidence, then they’d know that it was not his precious daughter that killed those boys. She would be innocent in everyone’s eyes again. He would have the justice that he had so long been fighting for. He powered on his mobile phone, selected the “recent calls” tab and punched up the number for Tracie. While the call was initiated, and knowing that he would be leaving a message on her voice mail, he walked to the Beemer. He pulled out his keys and opened the door. Just as he sat down in the car, her voice mail answered. He left her a short message, letting her know that he was on his way back to the University. He started up the vehicle and turned out of the parking lot. As he turned through the narrow streets, fighting to make his way back to Mountain Parkway, he kept checking the rearview mirror. Every time he focused on the road, out of the corner of his eye, he could swear he saw a flash of red plaid, behind the bushes, next to the cars, on the porches, and near the buildings. This had all better end soon, Gibbons thought. I swear I think I might lose my mind.
After a paranoia filled trip back to the campus, Gibbons parked the Beemer at the Humanities building. He sat for a second, letting the cool air from flowing from the console wash over him before he stepped out into the haze and the mucky air. He watched the students move, the surge of life at the University. They walked and ran, some rode bicycles and some skated on skateboards. Some smoked cigarettes, some didn’t. Some wore the latest trendy fashions and some wore the most nondescript and threadbare rags they could find. The one thing that Gibbons could say with absolute honesty was that, unlike so many people, he genuinely loved what he did for a living. He loved every second of it. He loved teaching, and helping to guide these young minds to clear and rational thinking. He loved doing the research, the questioning and the search for answers. He loved debating arcane and esoteric areas of logic and mathematics with his colleagues, constantly sharpening the wits. He loved everything about his job, except for where he was doing it. And now that Ashleigh was gone, what was keeping him here? It was a tenure track position and he only had a few years to go, but did he really want to have tenure at this university? He was no soldier, and for all of the academic work that was done here, for all intents and purposes Red River University was a war zone, an intellectual battlefield, where modern thoughts, values, and forward looking ideas struggled in a titanic contest with centuries old, backward and hostile traditions. The cool air flowed over his hands. There was nothing for him here anymore. He would finish out the semester and then he would leave. Anywhere else was a better place than this to make a fresh start. A completely new start, with no strings from this present life attached to him. He’d tell Tracie that night. Hopefully she would understand that this was something he needed to do. Maybe she would want to go with him. Maybe not. He would also tell Ibrahim, as soon as he got out of the car and made his way into the building to do it. Gibbons shut the car off and pulled the key out of the ignition, and as he opened the door and stepped out, a large cloud moved in front of the sun, bathing the area in shade. While the air was still humid, the heat had eased. Yeah, thought Gibbons, it’s September now.  It starts cooling off around then, usually. He turned and walked up the concrete stairs that led to the breezeway and the Humanities building.
He stepped off the elevator across from the Philosophy Department offices. His eyes were drawn to the spot where the dying, yelping cat lay earlier. The cleaning lady had done an admirable job, the only remaining sign of the gory remains was a barely visible darkening of the gray carpet that Gibbons assumed was merely wetness. He stepped over the spot and went into the office. Lauren was there, clattering away on the keyboard.
“Hey Doctor Gibbons!” she said “The whole campus has heard about what happened. You might want to get started checking your email right away, because I imagine you’ll have a lot of support emails coming in. They’re pouring into the department email.” She clicked and clattered away at the keys again, her eyes attached to the screen.
Gibbons nodded, although he really didn’t think that all of this fuss and bother was necessary. When his daughter was buried, he had received a few emails of sympathy and support. Perhaps it was because this violation occurred on the campus itself. The sanctity of the institution was violated, driving the students to band together to show their support. Whatever, Gibbons thought. He opened the door to the small office and saw Ibrahim sitting at the metal desk, a laptop before him. He too was clattering at the keys.
“Ibrahim.” Gibbons said.
“Jared. How did things go with the local constabulary? Was he more amenable to your position since you were able to provide some proof?”
Gibbons laughed.
“You could say that, Ibrahim. They’re running the picture I provided against a database of all the driver’s licenses photographs in the state. They’re also going to canvass Stanton and Bowen, looking to see if anyone knows who the old man is.”
“That is most excellent news, my friend.”
“I have more news, Ibrahim. I’m leaving.”
“Leaving? I take it you mean this in a permanent sense?”
“Yes, in a permanent sense. I’m going to start looking for another tenure track position doing logic. I’ll go anywhere. It doesn’t really matter to me where I go. I can make a fresh start anywhere. With any luck, this will be my last semester here. If I have to stay the next term, that’s fine too, but I definitely will be gone by summer session next year.”
“I understand completely, my friend. This place is no longer a place of hope for you. And we must have hope, before we believe we can change things. Hope makes us brave enough to try. I have something for you.” he reached into the pocket of his dark gray tweed jacket and pulled out something which he held in his fist. He held out his closed hand. Gibbons leaned up against the side of the metal desk and extended his hand. Ibrahim dropped a rosary into his hand, a silver chain with ivory beads and an ivory crucifix at the bottom. Gibbons was perplexed.
“Ibrahim, I’m not catholic…I’m not even a christian.”
“Let me tell you a story, old friend. When I was a priest in Africa, I did all the things that priests do here. I tended to my parish flock, I ministered to their needs, I heard their confessions, and I served them the Holy Supper. I loved being a priest, serving my God and the Holy Family, doing what good I could do in the world. The evils that I was prepared to deal with were those of famine, and war, and pestilence, and all of those things that still plague that part of the world. Those, I thought, were the only evils there, those brought upon man by Satan in his quest to corrupt the souls of the living. But one day I discovered that there is an evil in this world far more potent than that of the ranks of the fallen. A man from a nearby village came to my parish one day, wild with panic, claiming that a child of but seven years old had killed everyone in that village with his bare hands. I was not inclined to believe this sort of story, but the man insisted that I come back to the village with him, because he had managed to subdue the child, and believed that he was possessed by a demon, and he wanted me to perform the rites of exorcism on him.”
“Did you?” Gibbons asked, staring down at the rosary.
“Well, I did not, because before a priest can perform the ritual, the Holy See must determine whether it was truly demonic possession.  Such events are seen as miraculous in nature, even though they are malevolent, and there must be a thorough investigation first. At any rate, when we arrived at the village, I find this poor child chained to a tree. The chains were wrapped tightly around the little boys body, even covering his eyes and mouth. But even through what I could see, I could tell that there was something wrong with this child. His skin was very much as you described Ashleigh’s as being. Grey and slick, with veins standing out and dark against the ash colored flesh.”
Gibbons eyes widened. Ibrahim continued.
“I told the man to unchain the boy, but first the man led me around the village. I can not begin to describe the sights I saw. Every method by which a man can kill another man, and every act of which a man is capable had been done. Heads had been twisted ‘round backwards, parts had been ripped off and used as clubs…there was so much blood mixed into the dust. The man told me that the child had killed his father first by ripping out his tongue so that he drowned in his own blood. Then he killed his mother and all of his siblings. The man said the boy’s eyes were red and his face changed and became more and more deformed as he killed, until finally he was dispatching far older men who tried to stop him with weapons. I asked the man how he was lucky enough to subdue the child, and he said that the child just happened to be standing next to the tree, and so he threw the chain around the boy and the tree and drug them together, and then wound the chain around and around as fast as he could until the boy could no longer move, and then he covered the face and eyes. The man trembled as he told me all of this, and tears poured from his eyes. The man had no blood on him, so I thought that he must be telling the truth. We went over to the tree where the boy was chained and I told him to merely remove the chains from his face, so that I might look into his eyes. He unlocked the padlock which he had used to secure the chain.”
“Wait a minute. Didn’t anyone in the village have a gun?” Gibbons asked.
“My friend, this was East Africa. Only the dictators had guns. The men in the village were lucky to be able to own a knife or a blade for a plow. And besides, could you shoot a child to death, even in such a state?”
“Oh, I see. Go on.” Gibbons said.
“When he released the chains from the boys face, it was no human face I saw. The eyes were black with a dull red shine coming forth from within. His nose and mouth were drawn back in a snarl such as one would see on a lion or some other predatory beast. His teeth were yellow and broken and the most foul odor came forth from his mouth, the scent of death and rot and decay. The boy looked me in the eye without flinching, and I knew that if those chains were released any further, that the boy would come through them and would without hesitation try to kill me and the man. I steeled myself, and I began to pray for the child. I prayed the prayers that Jesus prayed to cast out demons. I brought all of my faith to bear. The boy merely laughed and drooled and looked around, looking at the man and me. I prayed again, and there was no response. I commanded the demons to depart the boy’s body in the name of Jesus Christ, and nothing happened. I used blessed water, and nothing happened. I tried every weapon that a priest has for doing battle with the demonic, and none of them worked. Then the boy began to shake and shudder under the chains. His head exploded, the black blood and bone spraying all over me and the man beside me. We then turned and there stood a man. He was dressed like one of the old village shamans, but he was much different. He was grey too, with darkened veins, just like the boys, only his face was that of a normal man. He held a staff of wood in his hand, old and twisted, with one end sharpened and hardened in a fire. On the other was a glowing purple stone, the likes of which I have never seen since. The man beside me let out a cry and turned to run, but the shaman held up his staff and the man simply exploded, like the boys head had. Then the shaman turned his attention to me. I began to pray, falling to my knees, crying to for help from The Trinity, Jesus, Mary, Saint Michael. But as before, nothing happened. The shaman came close, and I could smell the smell of death upon him, the leopard skin that he used to cover himself with reeked of the scent of corpses. He stood above me as I prayed. Finally he reached down, took the rosary that I had around my neck and held it up as if he were inspecting it. Then he dropped it, and leaned back and laughed, a genuinely affected laugh. Then he turned and walked off back into the grasses.”
“Why did he let you live?” Gibbons asked.
“I suspect that it was to ‘show me up’? He was a shaman, I was a priest, and it seemed that day that my prayers and my God were the losers. I also think…he did it to destroy my faith. Which is ultimately what he did. When I got back to my parish, I announced that I was leaving the priesthood once and for all for secular life. I wasn’t excommunicated, and although they demanded to know exactly what happened that day, I never told them. I only told them that I had lost my faith. I haven’t told anyone this except you.”
Gibbons looked down at the rosary.
“Was this the one you wore that day?” he asked.
“Yes it was. I haven’t worn it since.”
“Why are you giving this to me?”
“To remind you not to be afraid. I was. I was terrified by that experience and that day, and because of it I left my calling behind, and I have regretted it every day since. The description you gave me of Ashleigh when you visited her in the hospital, the events that put her there…my friend, all of this sounds very familiar to me, and I must tell you that I believe this old man who has been the source of so much of your grief of late may indeed be a man much like the shaman I encountered.”
“He said his name was Lovell Bell, and there’s a local legend about an old sorcerer who lived up in the hills who cursed people and stole infants by that name. But from what I can gather the old man is dead. I think they buried him in a mine or something. So how can this old man be him?” Gibbons pulled out his mobile phone and pulled up the picture of the old man and handed it to Ibrahim.
“Look at his eyes, my friend.” Ibrahim said, handing the phone back to Gibbons, who looked at the image again. Sure enough, he could see it. In fact, he had seen it before and noted that it was odd. The red glow behind the blacks of the eyes. He had dismissed it as a camera phenomenon.
“Ibrahim, are you telling me that this man really is some sort of sorcerer, and that magic like that really exists?”
“My friend, I came close enough to true evil to tell you that it really does exist. Magic, if that is what you wish to call it, does exist, and it is far more powerful than the prayers and rituals of human religion. I cannot speculate on it’s source, or it’s intentions, but it’s existence I am completely sure of. Be careful in your dealings with this man. I would not wish for you to learn the lesson that I did.”
“Is this supposed to protect me?” Gibbons said, balling the rosary up and stuffing it into his pocket.
“Well, you could argue that in some sense it protected me, no?” Ibrahim said, his gaze holding Gibbons for a second.
“Okay, well, thank you. I really don’t know what to say.” said Gibbons.
“Say nothing. Just be careful. I wish you the best of luck, my friend.” Ibrahim said, returning his attention to the laptop. He began typing again, and Gibbons walked out of the office, smiling at Lauren as he walked through the open door and out to the elevator.  He stepped over the spot again, and thumbed the down button. While the elevator began to move, Gibbons looked down at the spot. Something had been nagging at him since the event, but he could just now put his finger on it. How could someone bring a live cat up here and gut it without getting his face clawed off, with the ensuing ruckus at least alerting Lauren that there was something going on? The elevator chimed, and Gibbons entered, while turning and staring at the spot again. The cat wasn’t dead when it was gutted and it had managed to survive for a few seconds after Tracie saw it. But where was all the blood? Wouldn’t there have been more blood? And how did the thing get up here?
He looked all around him in the elevator as he was descending. Judging from where the cat was laying it was possible that someone had brought the cat up there via the elevator and dumped it and then closed the door. But he didn’t remember hearing the elevator chime any time around then. He looked at the carpet flooring of the elevator. Nothing. No sign of blood or tissue at all. He looked at the glass walls that surrounded him and they all appeared clean, immaculate even. How could the old man have gotten up to that floor, gutted a living cat, silently, and then gotten back down to the cobblestone of the breezeway to taunt him about it so quickly? Gibbons concentrated on these questions long after the door had opened and he had navigated his way back to Tracie’s office. He went in to the darkened office, and sat in her chair, relishing her scent in it. He pulled out his mobile phone and checked the time. Three thirty. In two hours Tracie would be done with her last class. He turned his mind back to his questions, attempting to reason out how the event that he had witnessed was possible. He was contemplating the dictum of Ockham, that one should assume the simplest explanation over the more complicated one, when he fell asleep, his head tilting to the side while he leaned back in Tracie’s office chair.
Chapter Nine
“I have some extra pepperoni” Tracie called from inside her kitchen. Gibbons was sitting on her beige sofa. The last time he had been here, their lovemaking had started on this very piece of furniture. Tracie peeked her head around the corner of the wall that divided the kitchen and the living room. “Do you want some?”
“Sure. Are you certain you don’t want me to help you at all?” Gibbons said.
“Absolutely not. I think I can handle a take and bake pizza.” she said. “Why don’t you turn on some music?” she suggested.
Gibbons rose from the couch and went to Tracie’s massive entertainment center, a sprawling array of stereo equipment and CD’s, a rack of DVD’s positioned just above the required playback device, all of which surrounded a massive flat screen high definition monitor. He went to the stereo and pushed the power button. A red light appeared on the device, and the room was flooded with the sound of the local radio ministry.
“And ye shall be damned, damned! Saith the lord your god! Now, we all know this, and we’ve known it for a long time. Those sinners up to the college there, they want to teach your kids that there ain’t no sin. But where are their words going to be when the rapture comes? What are they gonna say when the Lord stands over them in judgement? We told ‘em!” Fainted shouts of “hallelujah! Amen! Praise the Lord!” could be heard from the room that they were broadcasting in. Tracie came around the dividing wall from the kitchen holding two glasses of dark red wine. God, she could make a plain tee shirt and shorts look so incredibly sexy.
“Oh, dear lord, shut that off. Press the CD button and put in something good.” she said. Gibbons pushed the button labeled CD and then began perusing her CD collection looking for something else.
“Why was it on that?” he asked.
“I was doing some research. Apparently one of my students overheard this preacher lifting lines from Jonathan Edwards.” Tracie said, sitting down on the sofa and setting a glass of wine down on the glass coffee table in front of it.
“Who?”
“Jonathan Edwards. You know, ‘Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God?”
“Oh yeah, I remember now. We’re all going to burn in hell, yada yada.” He found “The Best of David Sanborn” and put it in the CD player.
“Right, well, we’ve been covering him in our Puritan literature section of my American Lit class, and I wanted to hear this preacher use it. So far I haven’t been able to listen to him too long before he starts really getting on my nerves. He likes to bash the university a lot. Like we’re some sort of emissary from Babylon here to seduce their young people. I really think that one day some of those rednecks might actually try to storm the University gates with pitchforks and fire.” she laughed. The sound of alto saxophone driven jazz filled the room.
“Mmmm. That’s better.” Tracie said, sipping her wine. Gibbons took a seat next to her on the sofa, and reached out to grab the wine glass.
“How long do we have on the pizza?” he asked. His stomach churned with nervousness.
“About 25 minutes.” said Tracie. “What’s wrong, Jared? You seem preoccupied? Have you heard anything new about the old man?”
“The sheriff said that they would call if they found anything out, and they haven’t called yet, so I assume they haven’t found anything.”
“Such circular logic. You’re very good at what you do. You have the right kind of mind for it.”
Gibbons smiled.
“Thank you,” he said. “I try very hard to get other people to think the way I do. I also get paid pretty well for it.” He sipped the wine glass, the burst of fermented grape filling his mouth.
“As do I. There’s a lot of power in what we do. Shaping these young minds, making them open and sharpening them. No wonder the locals are afraid of us. We exist to upset the very things they hold most dear.”
“That’s true.”
“Do you think that’s why the old man is after you? Did you teach something wrong to the wrong kid?”
“I don’t know exactly why the old man is after me. He’s never said anything to me other than his name and that Ashleigh was going to die, and well, earlier.”
“What earlier? He couldn’t have said anything, he was outside wasn’t he?”
“Well, at one point, he pointed up at me and then he drew his hand across his neck, like he was slitting his own throat. I think he wants to kill me.”
“Jared! Why didn’t you say anything about that earlier? Did you tell the sheriff?”
“Well, no, I figured I’d tell them when they finally caught him.”
“Jared, what if they don’t catch him? He could be up in the hills and if he’s up there it would take a long time and a lot of energy to find him. You better make sure to tell the sheriff after he takes the guy in that you want to press charges for death threats too.”
“I don’t think that’s anything separate from terroristic threatening, and we’re both going to nail him for that one. The sheriff also said that they could get him for animal cruelty, and vandalism of state property, all kinds of things.” The nervousness was becoming more intense, he had to tell her, and soon. It might break her heart, but he would make her understand.
The buzzer on the oven went off.
“Pizza’s up! I’ll get it!” Tracie said. She bounded up from the sofa, her slender frame moving lithely.  The early evening sun was shining through the blinds of the massive bay window in the room where Gibbons sat, watching the interplay between the orange sunlight and the shadow of the mini blinds that she had opened upon their arrival to illuminate the room. The track on the CD changed, a quick song now came on, uptempo with a beat that was good for dancing. In the silence between the tracks Gibbons thought he heard a sucking sound from the kitchen.
“Tracie, are you okay?”
No sound came from the kitchen except a thunk. Followed by another.
“Tracie?” Gibbons got up and moved toward the kitchen. He could see Tracie’s shadow cast against the wall from the interior lightbulb of the open oven. She appeared to be standing in front of it. Gibbons turned the corner into the kitchen.
Tracie was standing in front of the open oven, the heating elements glowing a vivid red color. Her skin was gray.
“Oh no.” Gibbons said.
She had laid her left hand out on top of the still-bubbling pizza, that she had taken out of the oven and placed on the adjoining countertop and was chopping off her fingers, small slices at a time, with a butcher knife. The gray pieces of meat and bone landed on the counter top and the floor, each leaving a dark gray smear where it landed. Her blood, now the same ashen gray color as Ashleigh’s had been was spurting out on to the pizza top, the brilliant color of the pizza topping being subsumed by the mottled gray. Tracie turned to face him, her eyes were black and red, and her lips were drawn back in a snarl.  Gibbons instantly reached into his pocket, grabbed the rosary and threw it around his neck. He backed against the wall and was sliding his way along it back into the living room, when he looked outside the blinds of the bay window.
Lovell Bell was there, clapping his hands in wild excitement, and glee. He stopped and pointed in the direction of Tracie. Gibbons looked back to see that Tracie had stood, straight and erect, holding the butcher knife in one hand while the other dripped the brackish gray ooze onto the tiled kitchen floor from the mangled and fingerless remains of her other hand. Then, in one swift, clean motion, she brought the butcher knife up, flipped the cutting edge toward her and drew the blade across her neck, the grey ooze spraying out from her throat and spilling onto the white tile and countertop. Gibbons stood there, numb and trembling, as her body pitched forward, seemingly in slow motion. As she fell, her head lolled back to look at him, death extinguishing the red light in those eyes. There was nothing of the light in Tracie’s normal gaze present when she died.
Gibbons, shaking, cried out, and sunk to the floor watching the grey ooze continue to spill out, it’s reek overpowering. Gibbons held his hand over his nose and then stood, leaning back against the wall. He turned his head to the right, and looked out the bay window again.
Bell was still there.
A fire began to churn in Gibbons’s stomach, anger replacing the nervousness. He grabbed the butcher knife from Tracie’s dead hand and walked to the front door and threw it open. Once outside, in the early evening sunlight, he saw the old man up close again, his eyes gleaming with the same red light that had been in Tracie’s eyes moment’s earlier.
“You…” Gibbons began.
“You’re coming with me.” the old man said, and waved his hand across Gibbon’s face. The world became dark and tilted off to the side as Gibbons passed out.
He awoke in the pale light, just before sunset. He was naked, tied to a white stone column that stuck out of the earth and continued for about ten more feet above him. His hands were bound around the back of the stone, while his feet were strapped together in the front. He shook off the blurriness that had accompanied his awakening, and noticed that he was in what looked like a hollow between three large hills. The trees, or more accurately, what was left of them, were all dead, their blackened trunks soaring into the sky around him. Before him, at the base of one of the hills, was what appeared to be a cavern, yet the area wasn’t surrounded by rocks at all. It seemed as though massive hands had simply made a rip in the earth, and the roots and dirt sticking out from the sides of the earthen walls of the cave. The sky was clear above him, and he could see a crescent moon, a shining sliver against the pale yellow of the evening’s demise.
“Well now. Glad to see that you’re awake now, Jared Gibbons” he heard that scratching voice come from behind him. The old man came into view from his left. He was bare chested, his skin the same gray as the others, his veins distended and black against the skin. He wore dark, denim leggings, and his feet were bare. He held a staff in one hand, just like the one that Ibrahim had described, twisted and gnarled, topped with a purple stone. In the other hand he carried a raccoon, clutched close to his body. The raccoon merely trembled in his grip.
“What are you going to do to me, Lovell Bell?” Gibbons said, struggling to sound defiant.
“Well, well. You figured out I wasn’t joshin’ you?” Bell said. “To answer your question, I ain’t gonna do nothing to you. As a matter of fact, I can’t do anything to you. Well, nothin' hurtful to your body, anyways. The Darkness wouldn’t like it if I did.”
“The Darkness?” Gibbons skin crawled.
“Yeah, it’s kinda like my boss. We have a mutual arrangement.” Bell began to scratch the raccoon between the ears. The animal merely continued to tremble.
“What kind of arrangement?” Gibbons said. If Bell couldn’t hurt him, then maybe there was still some hope. He could work his way through his bindings, overpower the old man…
“And escape?” Bell said, snickering. “You really don’t know what you’re doing here. That’s pretty hilarious. I can read your mind, son. Hell I can read the mind of anybody I come across. I can even read minds a long ways off.”
“That’s impossible. It’s physically and scientifically impossible for telepathy to exist.” Gibbons said, straining at the ropes that held him.
Bell giggled.
“I love it when I have to go and get one of you smart aleck types. I really do. It’s always more fun anyway. Sonny, I sure can read minds. The problem with all you types is that you think that the world around us, all this is real. It ain’t.”
“How could it not be real? It has laws, consequences. I’m a philosophy professor dammit, I could tangle with you all day.”
“All right then, perfessor.” Bell said, mispronouncing the word. “You explain this one to me. I’m over four hundred years old. There ain’t no way at all that I can die. I’ve been stabbed, shot, beaten, thrown off a cliff, drowned, burned alive, sliced into pieces, beheaded, and buried in a coal mine and I keep coming right back. I can read minds and I can make people do whatever I want them to do. I arrived in this here hollow in the year of our lord 1671. When I got here this place was just like it is now. That cave over there was here. That’s where the darkness lives. I was just an old man then. I came down here to find a spot to die, cause I had the pox, and the rest of the clan didn’t want to get it from me. But while I was waitin' to die, the darkness came to me. It made me a deal. It would keep me alive and teach me things. All I had to do was bring it minds, because that’s what it eats…well mainly. It eats the bodies too, but that’s kinda like the gravy on the meat to it. It hadn’t eaten in a long time, and it almost ate me, but it was so weak, and it’s really a lot better this way. It doesn’t have to hunt, or wait to be fed, and I get the benefit of all of it’s learnin’. I suspect I’ll end up turning into it some day. I think it knows that, too.”
Gibbons shook his head, unable to understand what he was hearing. Keep him talking, he thought.
“Well, now, we can’t talk all day. I got things to do. But I will tell you this much. This world you think is so real, it ain’t. It’s just a dream. The rules and consequences you’re talking about are just the rules of the dream you’re in. Did you ever remember your dreams at all? I guess not, eh?”
“No.” Gibbons spat.
“Well now, that’s a damn shame. You might have learned something. Cause the dreams you dream at night have their own rules too. They’re just different from the one’s you have in the dream you think is reality. Your mind is a part of this dream, which is why you’re stuck to it’s rules. My mind ain’t, which is why I can read minds and do this!” He threw the raccoon up into the air, and it disappeared in a flash of light. The animal reappeared at the base of the column before Gibbons, gutted and twitching, with it’s intestines laid out in a geometric pattern. Gibbons’ eyes widened, and he turned away from the stench.
“That bothers you don’t it? Well, I look at life and living things a lot differently than you do. They’re tools to me, kinda like an artist's pencils and paints or…” he paused for a second. “a symbolization of a predicate in the predicate calculus.” Bell said.
“Stop reading my mind!” Gibbons said. The earth beneath him began to tremble.
“Well, Jared Gibbons, it’s been a pleasure talking to you. I can see why it wanted your mind. You’re pretty sharp, with all your logic and calculations and such. You’re just basin’ all your arguments on a false assumption. Your reality doesn’t exist.” The earth began to heave and a thudding sound filled the air. “This one does.” said Bell as he turned to face the cave. He drew a symbol in the air with the purple stone of the staff, held his hands up in the air and began to scream.
“IA! IA! IA!”, over and over again Bell screamed the chant as loudly as he could. From the cave mouth came what appeared to be a black mist, spewing out of the hole in all directions. Gibbons began to scream and strain at his bonds, hoping that the rope would break. He felt the flesh on his wrists tear, feeling the blood soaking into the ropes. While Bell continued his chant, the dark mist coagulated, forming tentacles that crept low to the ground. Impossibly fast, they covered the distance between the cave and the column in mere seconds. Bell continued to chant. The black tentacles curled around Gibbons body. He felt the coldness of the tentacles as they surrounded his body and lifted him straight off the column, suspending him in the air. Gibbons screamed as four more tentacles rose from the ground holding him spread eagled in the sky. Then a central mass rose up from the ground underneath his dangling body. The tentacles pulled Gibbons down toward the mass.
Looking down, all that Gibbons could see was a radiant darkness rising to greet him. The tentacles would not release him, and he could feel the approaching cold of the black mist as it came ever closer, finally engulfing his face and then the front of his body. Gibbons' mind began to shatter. He felt the same sort of dissolution of his thoughts that happened every night when he fell asleep. But there were no images in his mind, no thoughts to escort him into sleep. There was only the cold, and the wincing, and the attempt to maintain the cohesion of his identity while his mind was being disassembled before him. The last coherent thought to present itself to his mind before it was utterly consumed was an image of a blonde haired girl, the name Ashleigh, and then the utter silence as both the mind and it’s contents were separated and digested. The body followed quickly, consumed and dissolved by the cold, dark mass.
The tentacles met the mass. There was no more to be had. The black mist began to dissolve and move back toward the cave from where it had come. Bell stood, still chanting, until the mist had retreated deeply into the cave. Bell walked up to the white stone column, looking at the ridges on the side of the base. He pulled a small folding knife from his pocket and slashed the tip of his finger, then smeared the blackened blood along the ridges of the stone.
Three thuds in rapid succession resounded through the air. The night life of the forest started to come to life again as the sun finally sat. The nights had been starting to cool, and the insects weren’t quite as lively, but the tree frogs were out, sending their monotone calls out for the rest of the woods to answer. The crickets were starting their nighttime chorus, and a cool wind began to blow through the trees. Lovell Bell turned and looked at the hollow. He sighed, and then, selecting a deer trail, turned and walked into the woods, into the hills, and into the oncoming night.

####

Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won't you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?

Thanks!

Joseph Ewen

About the author: 

Joseph Ewen resides in Louisville, Kentucky with his wife and two dogs. He holds a Bachelor's Degree in Philosophy from the University of Louisville.
