“Reggie”
By James J Stubbs
Reggie” © 
James J Stubbs.
Copyright James Stubbs 2014
This is a work of fiction. Any similarities to characters, events or organizations are purely coincidental. 

Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter One, Prologue
Winter gripped the city of New York firmly. It was cold and the snow just wouldn't stop falling. It had piled up as high as the shop windows inside of a day. With nobody clearing it, it just built and froze up in icy layers. All of the streets were impassable and choked with abandoned cars and bikes. At least most of them had been abandoned. There was the odd one trapped inside still. Some still twitching under the caves of ice. Some still clawing and scratching at the frozen snow trying to get out. The harbor had started to freeze from the outside in and the statue of liberty had changed from a healthy green to a frost bitten white. The city was all but dead. 
Logan gripped the very bottom of the fire escape on the nearest apartment building that he could find. The snow was piled so high that it wasn't difficult to reach. The metal ladder glistened with frozen raindrops in the dull ambient light. His thermal gloves stuck instantly to the frost and it took some effort to detach them once he had pulled himself onto the first level of the escape. 
It was so bitterly cold that he needed to get inside. He panted for breath and coughed as he tried to breathe in. The cold in the air sapped his strength and took his breath away. The sound of his cough echoed through the empty city. There was no doubt that they would have heard it. He arched his shoulders back and the leather bound jacket he wore creaked and groaned in the silence. 
He balled up his fist and swung for the nearest window. It broke easily and he climbed inside over the large splinters of glass. That would have drawn them closer. They had an uncanny way of pinpointing any noise in the vast empty trail of destruction they had left in their wake. 
It wasn't much warmer or better inside the apartment but at least he was out of the billowing snow. He breathed hard, trying to overcome the need to cough and sneeze, and slowly made his way across the bland bathroom to the door at the other side. He took off his gloves and vigorously rubbed his hands together hoping that it would warm him up. It didn’t, or at least not much. 
He stuffed his heavy gloves into the ample pockets of his big and heavy brown leather jacket. He unzipped the top and reached inside his jacket to check on his pair of Desert Eagle hand guns that were neatly holstered to his side. It has been a long time since he had held or carried a gun. But it felt right. Natural. Retirement hadn’t slowed him down one bit. 
He checked on his equipment before moving on. Just like always. It was funny how fast training came back once it had been so completely ingrained on someone. He had two flares stuffed in his back pocket, a grenade fastened to his belt, and two packs of medical supplies tied to his right leg. It really wasn’t a lot. Not given the mamoth task he was facing. 
He zipped his jacket back to the top, buried his neck in the fur lined collar, and reached for the door handle. He was too smart to not be cautious. There was the training kicking in yet again. But this wasn’t the world he had left behind. 
He took his right hand from the warmth of his trouser pocket and gripped the door handle. It was cold, but not frosted over yet like the metal frame he had climbed outside. He flexed the palm of his left hand and carefully placed it on the wooden door frame. The door was cold too. That probably meant there were no survivors nestled on the other side burning whatever they could find and whatever wasn’t precious in order to stay alive. 
He was relaxed a little by that so pushed down on the handle and eased the door open. The smell hit him right away. Rotting flesh and the pests that were attracted to it. He didn’t gag. Nor was he repulsed by it. It was a familiar smell he had long ago gotten used to. The room was dark and the source of the smell was not yet obvious. The power was one of the first things that went down when everything kicked off. He unzipped his jacket and took out one of his 50 caliber Desert Eagle handguns. 
It was finished in gold at the hilt. An expensive and personal item that he had received as a retirement gift from his old team. It had a torch mounted on the top of it that he switched on with his thumb while holding the gun to the floor. The last thing he wanted was for the sudden light to startle anything or anyone in the rooms beyond. There was no sound as the pool of light hit his heavy duty, combat grade leather boots and black colored warm trousers. Nothing reacted to the light and it would be safe to bring his weapon higher so that he could see. 
As he traced the gentle contours of the various items in the room with his eyes and the light from the gun, shapes danced into view, colours too. First the red stained sheet on the bed. Then the flies that started fluttering around. Then the figure beneath the sheets. Wrapped, mummified lovingly in the flowery pink bed covers. Logan let out a grumbled sigh but said nothing. 
The kid must have only been 10. Maybe younger judging by the size of the mummified shape. He stepped closer for a better look. Shot right through the head. The blood was copious but had long since frozen in the bitter cold. There was a note on the child‘s chest. Possibly a love note from the killer. He took it, held it to the light, and read it.
Now Hell has risen, And death is a given, Though I shall remain un-forgiven, This world you must never face, So I send you to His warm embrace, Leave this world without a trace, In death we will make our case, And I will meet you in heaven, Where all of this is forgotten.
He carefully placed it back in the exact same place he had gotten it from. The whole world had gone to Hell and some people, as they always had and always would, looked for the easy way out. Not that doing that to a child could have been easy. There was no time to dwell on it or on why it happened. Logan wasn’t there to investigate the human factor. He was there to figure it out. He had been dropped right into the epicenter, by helicopter, to try to find the answer. To try to find the key to saving what was left of the world. 
There was hardly any need to look through the adjoining doors. There was no prize for guessing what he would find behind them. The flat was fairly big. Easily big enough for a family. There were three bedrooms and all of the doors were closed. There was probably another dead child behind one of them. Then the guilty and distressed parent, come murderer, behind the last. Choked with sadness and probably hung. 
He strode in a straight line across the tidy flat and to the door at the other end of the living space. Nothing had been broken and oddly nothing looted. The picture frames were still hung neatly to the decorated walls. Nothing had been overturned and none of the ornaments on any of the shelves had been broken. 
That went against his experience and against his expectations. The situation had unfolded fast, that much he knew, but he was beginning to think he might have massively underestimated it. The outbreak was far too quick for anyone to brave looting. 
The television was on the floor and the wood that used to be the cabinet on which it stood had been used to barricade the door. It was sloppy at best. The nails were bent so he concluded silently that they had been hastily hammered right through into the plasterboard walls behind it. The odd screw had been drilled in too. These people had been no handymen. 
He holstered his weapon and reached with both hands around the bulk of the messily placed and weak wood. With the right leverage in the right place he pulled the barricade as one solid mass right off the wall. He placed it on the carpet without a sound and unbolted the door as quietly as he could manage. Peering through the peep hole he could see only a thin corridor lit eerily by flickering lights on the other side. But nothing more. The building must have had some kind of backup generator. 
The door, now free of the latch and bar, pushed open with ease. He closed it behind him. Hopefully by closing the door he could keep this poor families’ mausoleum safe for a while longer. He didn’t take his gun back out of the holster. He could see just fine with the odd interruption as the lights flickered. 
The generator must have been slowly failing too. The hall was bland. Just a simple old apartment building and nothing more. The residents were far from rich. The blandness of the pale grey walls was interrupted only with the odd notice or poster and a few kids’ drawings on the skirting board at the bottom of the communal hall. 
An irregular banging noise interrupted the silence. It was coming from above and getting louder with each aggressive and hollow thud. Maybe someone was in trouble. 
Logan started to jog down the long hall but made sure to go slowly enough to check every doorway and every flat. Some were open but no life was obvious from inside of any of them. He was in good shape for his age and didn’t even break a sweat as he made for the stairwell at the other side of the building. 
He opened the next door in the same cautious way and strode inside the dark stairwell. He took his gun again and flicked the light back on. He held it low and leapt up the stairs three at a time. The banging got louder and louder with each three step leap, and as he drew closer to the next floor he could just about make out a lady screaming and panting hard for breath. He must have been getting closer. 
He reached for the door that led to the apartments on the next floor and silently pulled it open. He stepped gently into the hall and listened hard for any clues as to where he should go from there. He could hear the woman louder now. It was a scream of panic if ever he heard one. She sounded young too. He slowed his pace to a powerful walk and kept his weapon drawn. He could hear a man too. They could only have been around the next corner or closed inside a flat out of view. 
With a few more gentle paces he rounded a corner to an open door. There was a young lady on the floor, terrorized by a bulky looking man with her trousers around her ankles and her vest top torn at the shoulder. She just about caught Logan’s eye with an enhanced look of horror on her face. She must have thought Logan was another one. Or one of her attacker’s friends. 
The attacker had his back to Logan and hadn’t seen him. He had a thick green camouflage jacket on over his ample and muscular frame. He was naked from the waist down and his intentions were obvious. Logan holstered his gun and walked slowly, stealthily, over to the scene of what was about to be a rape. 
The woman said nothing and tried to crawl away backwards. Her elbows fell awkwardly on the bare wooden floor with some agonizing crunches. She couldn’t get away fast enough. The man was nursing his sore balls by the looks of it and swearing as loud as he could at the woman on the floor. She must have gotten a lucky and heavy swing at him. That had slowed him down for sure. And slowed down his ability to rape too. 
Logan reached around the man’s shoulder, grabbed his wrist and twisted. The man howled and dropped to his knees, turning at last to see Logan. To see his chiseled jaw, his rugged and ravaged complexion and the short black and white stubble around his chin. He stared at him with piercing dark eyes and continued twisting until the sound of a snap confirmed that he had broken something. He howled again and again then swore some more and punched the floor with his free hand. 
The woman had used the distraction to finally scramble away and pull all of her clothes back to their correct places. She put a coat on too and slowly stood. Logan reached down around his victim’s elbow and pulled the man to his feet. His hand hung at an odd angle pointing off to the side somewhere. He had tears in his eyes. 
He was young, super strong by the looks of him, and at least a foot taller than Logan. Logan slammed the man off the nearest wall and quickly over to the next with two dull thuds. He grabbed at the half naked man’s other arm and propelled him back into the hall behind him. He shuffled to his feet and tried to run with some pathetic mumblings. But Logan was back on top of him quickly. No way could he let him go. This guy might have been with a pack, or might have had a few dangerous friends that would make this fight much longer and harder than it needed to be. 
He lifted his right leg and with precision swung a roundhouse kick right into the tall young man’s ribs. A crack and repeated coughs of blood stained phlegm confirmed he had broken at least one. 
‘Wait…’ Gestured the women behind. ‘Don’t kill him.’ She sounded sheepish. Not ungrateful but she did have sincerity in her voice. Logan had no intention of killing the man. But he was going to knock him clean out with one final kick to the man’s jaw. That cracked too and hung dislocated to one side as the attacker slumped to the floor. 
Logan took a deep breath to re-compose himself and turned to face the lady he had saved. She still looked scared but the color was coming back to her face quickly. She stood a good few inches shorter than he with long black flowing hair. She couldn’t have been older than maybe 25. Thin, attractive, with a dainty face and nice green eyes. She needed a damn good meal in her stomach by the look of her though. She stumbled over her first few words. 
‘Are those real?’ She asked. A little more confidence in her with each syllable spoken. She had caught the sight of the stars on his shoulders in the flickering light behind. She stood arms folded in the doorway of what was presumably her own flat. He had a single gold colored star sown into each shoulder of his coat. He glanced at them. Almost like he had forgotten who he used to be.
‘Brigadier General James Logan.’ He introduced himself with a gravely deep and empowering voice that oozed strength and authority. ‘Retired.’ He added and held out his hand. She shook it in turn. A solid handshake for a dainty lady. 
‘Elizabeth Jones.’ She said and smiled, glancing back to the still unconscious mess on the floor. ‘Thanks for that help.’ She smiled delicately and met Logan’s eyes. Her voice was gentle and soothing. A nice mix between mid to deep in pitch and a little croaky too. He was reading her like a book, assessing her, analyzing everything he possibly could about her. The coldness in his eyes slowly eased and he half managed a smile back.
‘That’s a colorful name. For someone a little… plain.’ He spoke slowly and had not yet let go of her hand. He cocked his head to one side and sort of looked her up and down. She was stunned, but smiled, and threw his hand away. He was joking. And somehow she got it. In nine words this man had managed to make her forget she had been saved from rape and had forced her to smile, forgetting the horror unfolding around them. 
She turned and walked inside the flat while gesturing for Logan to follow with a wave of her hand. Before he did, he walked back into the hallway and took hold of the rapist brute and lifted him clean over his shoulders. There was a door down the hall that was open. He had noticed it on his way through. 
Logan walked slowly under the weight of the seven foot tall brute and threw him down on the floor of the abandoned apartment. He reset the lock on the other side of the door and closed it without bothering to check if anything was inside. Let him wake up in a daze and at least that way if he did have any friends, or if he was in a gang, they wouldn’t be able to find him. 
Her apartment was well lit with candles and a few battery powered torches taped with duct tape to the wall. She had been trying to hold out there alone until, and indeed if, everything passed over and the world returned to normal. But it wasn’t to be. 
Chapter Two 
Brigadier General James Logan 
He sat in silence at the bar, swirling his cold glass of Kentucky bourbon on the rocks a few times, and watched as the oily whisky ran down the sides of the clean glass. He was thinking. His eyes were vacant and he was in no particular mood to be disturbed. 
He wasn’t really thinking about anything or anyone. Not really about the cases of flu that had been reported in most of the countries of the world. It was white noise anyway. What with the amount of media scares created in the last ten years? Swine flu and Bird flu had fallen short of the predicted millions they would each kill, and other such media frenzies had de-sensitized just about every literate person to the threat of another virus. It did seem like cases of this newest threat had grown a fair bit though. There was a lot of talk. A lot more than usual come to think of it. 
He wasn’t a drinker per se, but enjoyed his favorite whisky It was, after all, the national symbol of the state of his birth. He had an air of the Deep South about him. Nothing of the accent but something of the slowness in his speech. Not religious at all. Not like the common stereotype might suggest. 
But he was calm, polite, hospitable and genuine. A trustworthy guy at first meeting. He had not long been off the train that had delivered him to the border city of Istanbul. Before bedding down in the single bedroom of his budget hotel, he had wandered down into the nearest square to find the local bar he had drank at the last time he had visited.
The night had long since settled in but the city was still alive. Since retiring about two years ago from the WDC (Weaponised Disease Control) he had not spent even so long as a week in one place. He travelled alone of course. He had been married once before. He could have never re-married.
There weren’t a lot of other people in the bar. It was just a thin corridor in reality. But there was a varnished, wooden, unattractive but well stocked bar. There was no beer on tap, just bottles in a small fridge with a glass door. There were a lot of spirits on a shelf behind the bar. Ddelicacies from all over Europe and Asia. The man serving always had a gentle manner and a welcoming smile. 
He had been there before a few months ago. Last time he had visited the bar it had been a little busier if his memory was right. That could mean anything. 
He had noticed the man in a suit a long time ago though. The guy was sat in the other corner of the bar and was nursing a pint of water in a beer glass. He couldn’t have looked more out of place. There was no other reason this guy might have been there other than to talk to Logan. Hell with it he thought. Cut the drama. 
Logan got up from his stool, finished off his drink, asked for another but pointed to the table where the suit filler was sat. He smiled as the barman nodded and started pouring another generous measure of whisky and added ice to it. He walked over the dingy bar. Eevery step caused the old wooden floor to creak and groan. There was a fan attached to the roof below the dim lights. It spun slowly in a clockwise direction and washed the room with an ever flickering and eerie light. The man in the suit jumped out of his seat in surprise that the General had made the first move. 
He smiled, took off the ridiculous sunglasses that made him look all the more out of place, and held out a hand to greet Logan. Logan took it and shook. He had a pathetic, uninterested, limp grip and soft moisturized hands. Logan could already tell he wasn’t going to enjoy this. 
‘What’s your name, kid?’ He asked as politely as he could. It was a little intrusive at best and downright ignorant at worst for this man to have been sent so far around the world to disturb Logan’s retirement. The barman appeared with the glass of whisky and another bottle of water for the still nameless man. They both said thanks but the server didn‘t say anything back. His eyes were distant and thoughtful and he returned quickly to the bar to continue reading his paper. 
‘I work for Doctor Abraham Priest.’ The guy had no character to his voice. He was short, bald, and a little on the chubby side. 
‘I’m sorry Sir but we need you to come back to the United States.’ He continued. Logan wasn’t going to be rushed though.
‘That’s not what I asked.’ He said calmly and slowly took the seat next to the nameless man. Beads of sweat started trickling down the chubby man’s exposed forehead. He daubed himself dry with an already filthy tissue that he took from his suit pocket. 
‘I’m Agent Adrian Frasier, with the WDC.’ He cracked open the bottle of water and topped up his glass. Logan huffed at him. 
‘You don’t want anything stronger?’ He asked and took a gulp of his whisky. Hell, he was supposed to be on holiday, why not? Adrian didn’t answer or even think about entertaining him.
‘Agent?’ Logan perked up after staring down at his glass for an unknown duration. ‘Since when did the WDC become a civilian body?’ 
‘You’ve been away a long time General.’ The agent began cryptically but went on to describe why. After years of public hostility to all things secret, with the likes of Julian Asange and Edward Snowden tearing down the old world of secrets and state security, the US government had been put on a of a lot of pressure to declassify the works of secret departments. They were Cold War relics anyway. There was no point fighting information in the digital age. Logan just sighed, almost with a hint of nostalgia for the world he had left behind, and continued. 
‘Can’t resist the forces of change I guess.’ He remained calm. He was just seeing how long Adrian was going to talk for. That would give him some gauge of the severity of it. The agent grew impatient quickly though. 
‘Can we de-brief you on the way?’ Adrian stood and ran his hands over his black suit to iron out the thicker creases. He was sweating profusely in the dusk heat. 
‘When did I agree to come back?’ James remained seated and finished the last drop of his whisky before crunching on the ice left over with his back teeth. He didn’t have to go anywhere after all. 
Adrian stood, scraped the bottom of his stool over the bare wood, and rested against the back of Logan’s stool. He tried to look menacing, failed, and glared Logan in the eye from a distance of no more than a foot. 
‘Sir, with every drop of respect for you and for what you did in active service, there is no time.’ Adrian sighed. ‘Besides.’ He protested. ‘I read your file. You can pretend all you want but I know you’ll come back. You can’t resist. I know you go by your military designation of “General” but you are still a Doctor and I have people who need your help.’ Logan looked surprised. Adrian, though impatient in his delivery, had displayed a maturity and an analytical mindset far above his years. He was right though. Logan smiled a little and stared at his glass longingly for another drop of whisky. 
‘I was going to try to hold out for just a little longer.’ He smiled, a grand smile but one that showed no teeth, and stood. He was excited to be going back. That was wrong, or so he thought quietly to himself, since he had left a for a good reason. He wanted to live out his life away from all of the violence and war. 
But he had left behind a part of himself with it. He craved, in his new life as a retired General, the thrill of every day being an absolute. The thrill of knowing lives rested upon his shoulders. Or coffins if he got the answers wrong. That was God-like pressure he had left behind. Maybe he had been wrong. Maybe he was too young to leave. He took the glass to the barman and thanked him in his native tongue before making his way back to Adrian who was already on his phone. 
‘Who is Abraham Priest anyway?’ He interrupted the call and shoved his Lira back into his jean pocket and unfastened another button on his brown shirt due to the stifling heat. Adrian ignored him until the phone call was over and they were outside. The stars were out and the night was clear. They walked a few paces around a tightly packed square, around a few old sandy colored buildings, to a waiting car. 
‘He took over your job as head of the WDC.’ He finally answered as the car door closed shut. A civilian. Logan though immediately. A civilian in charge of what used to be an arm of the USAF (United States Air Force). 
‘His file is in the car and there is a plane on standby as we speak. There is also a file on what we need you to look at. We need to be on US soil as soon as we can be.’ Logan assumed the WDC was still based in Alaska so didn’t ask. This was going to be a long flight and he was already travel weary. 
Was he being dragged back to his old life because of the flu? Had it gotten that serious? Logan had to admit that he had been avoiding the news and travelling a lot. Maybe it had gotten out of hand and they needed every specialist there was to try and figure it out. He was probably being dragged to a lab to look at samples and argue at length with opinionated undergraduates about what it was. 
Or was it more than that? The WDC after all stood for “Weaponised Disease Control”. Had this thing been a terrorist activity? Logan sat and immediately picked up the file waiting for him. He read it as the car raced through tight and winding streets, fired through angled and claustrophobic junctions, and to a plane ready and waiting at the international airport. They didn’t even have to pass through security. 
Doctor Abraham Priest, 30, 5 foot, 11 inches. British national. Educated at Oxford in Medical Science and graduated 3 years early at the top of his class. Moved to the States 6 months later to work at an expensive private New York Hospital. He left only a year later stating his reason as a dislike for “hypochondriac rich kids with too big a trust fund and too small a brain.” 
He took a massive pay cut to work at CDC (Centre for Disease Control) on something he considered to be worthwhile. His work on weaponised smallpox and counter terrorist measures to prevent potential outbreak caught the eye of the sole recruiter for the WDC. He worked on plans to contain any potential outbreak of Avian Flu, Swine Flu and mutated anthrax.
Abraham had worked on some of the nastiest, most distasteful viruses on the planet. He had become something of a containment expert and took a second, sponsored, degree through the University of New York on Disaster Management. After General James Logan retired and it was decided that the WDC would become a civilian arm of the CDC, reporting if needed to the CIA, Abraham was favored as the leader. His talent earned him the sponsorship of most of the WDC and many external parties including the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the President at the time. His appointment was made on the 20.05.2015. 
Reading between the lines Logan could already tell that the Doctor was either going to be an outsider, a lonely sort absorbed utterly in his work. Or he was going to be a cocky, know it all son of a bitch, who didn’t understand the word “no”. His youth might make him arrogant and the success he had achieved so far in his pretty short life might have reinforced it. He might be an insufferable ass hole who was ill deserved of his station. Logan hoped it would be the former. Outsiders he could deal with, even understand and get on with, the other alternative he could not. 
He thought about things long and hard on the plane journey. He had been running for so long and now his past had just raced up to meet him. He had never even entertained the notion of crawling back. Even if he had thought he might want to, his pride would have killed the thought dead. He hadn’t even realized there might be even so much as a fraction of regret in him that might draw him back. 
But that was why he was running after all. So he didn’t need to look inside and actually deal with his own issues. So he didn’t have to come to terms with the things he had done in service or the things he had seen, or seen others do. He was surprised with himself though. He was amazed at how easily he had agreed to just abandon his ambition of living his life away from death and evil, and return to whatever it was that he left behind. 
The plane was over Great Britain, after having stopped for fuel in Amsterdam, when Adrian came over and sat beside the General. He handed him a coffee. A little something to help him sober after the amount of whisky he had been drinking.
It was black with no sugar or milk just as he had asked for. He had another file in his hand that he handed over without saying a word. He also had with him a silver suitcase. He placed it down on the table and unfastened the locking clips at each side. He opened it to reveal two handguns. 
They looked like any other handgun but bigger, bolder and more punchier than most. They were plated in Gold and heavy too. They were Logan’s 50 caliber Desert Eagles, just as he had left them on display in his old office at the WDC. There was a spare magazine for each weapon and the case was insulated with felt padding. It had been cut perfectly to the same shape as the guns it held safe. 
‘The Doctor thought you might like these back.’ A peace offering? A welcome back gift? Or a warning of what was to come? Logan thought suspiciously to himself. Adrian handed over a leather belt which had two handgun holsters on each hip. It looked a little old, maybe a Wild West relic, or it at least had that vibe to it. 
Logan was like that. He liked old things. He said they had more intensity to them than anything modern. He stood and fastened the belt around his waist. He only just noticed how much muscle weight he had lost in retirement. He didn’t holster the weapons immediately though. He took them out of the case and balanced them, each in turn, perfectly around his index finger. 
He loved the weight of a Desert Eagle. He adored their majesty and power. The sound of them was exhilarating too. He spun one around and placed the spare magazine in the bottom, pulled the catch back and checked that one bullet was in the chamber and that the safety was on. 
He finally holstered it and sat back down next to Adrian. Holding the weapons made his blood boil. A small part of him grew angry at the feeling of anticipation building inside of him. That fraction of him hated how easily he had been coaxed back into active service and hated him for how powerful and God-like those weapons made him feel. 
The plane was small but comfortable. It was a businessman’s own that they had commandeered at the request of the United States Government. There was a TV that played the news non-stop at one end and a private bar at the other. He resisted the powerful urge to help himself to a glass of Bourbon. 
It was obvious he used the intoxicating liquor to numb his mind so that he didn’t have to think too much about who he was these days, where he was going or what his purpose was in retirement, or for that matter about who he used to be. The silent visuals on the screen brought the flu he had heard so much whispering about screaming to life. 
It showed more and more films and sequences at hospitals, where the death count raced and overwhelmed nurses sobbed and cried in the halls. The powerful images raced across the flat screen in vivid color and high definition. He hadn’t realized how bad it was. And he was mad as Hell at himself for shrugging off the rumors. 
That wasn’t how he used to be. He was a General of the United States Air Force and a registered Doctor for heaven’s sake! Every lead would be followed, every case would have been blown apart, and every eventuality would have been planned for. That was how he used to run the WDC and it was no less than what he expected of himself. Angry and ashamed, he grabbed a hold of the file Adrian had brought over. 
The next file was named, curiously and ominously, Case Zero and had a red line through it and the words “Sensitive Material” written across the cover in the same color. He opened it and started reading. It was a mutated and highly aggressive strain of Spanish Flu, which had oddly been crossed with a so far in-determined form of Rabies. 
The virus passed from victim to victim in the traditional way one might expect flu to be passed. It was airborne and highly aggressive. But it also passed like Rabies did. Via the exchange of saliva in a bite. Some deaths, in certain epicenters of various outbreaks, were reported in a matter of days but some succumbed to the fever in less than one. The fever ran much higher than the 1918 Spanish Flu, the cousin from which this strain took its name. 
The flu wasn’t the concerning part to Logan as he read and digested every bit of information. Flu was treatable with antibiotics. Rabies was not. The cross between the Rabies virus was not clear from that file and the nature of how it blended with a 1918 pandemic was left at this time to only supposition. The connection between Rabies had been made only because of a behavioral element. 
The flu seemed to send its patients into a maniacal rage until eventually the heart stopped beating and the fever burned out the victim, causing irreparable brain damage. So far cases had been contained, but lot’s had been reported. Not just in the US but in other countries too. Kenya, Great Britain, Ireland, Greece and Ghana so far. 
Chapter Three
New York City
‘Aren’t you a little young to be a General?’ Elizabeth shut the door behind Logan and ushered him inside. It wasn’t safe to be out in the open, especially now that night was settling in, and they would be more active. She pushed the switches on her seven makeshift lights to turn them off. It was better to keep the lights as low as possible so that it would not attract unwanted attention. 
That left just the candle light which was ample even though it did nothing to warm the open space. This lady was a cop. There was no doubt about it. She was as tough as nails. Even if Logan had left that rapist to it he would have guessed that she would have made it out intact. She still had her bolt upright posture, color in her face, and spunk in her attitude. She was fine. 
Fine after a rape attempt. Only someone quite used to the evil in the world could come back from that emotionally. A picture of her in uniform, still dutifully placed on the fridge via a colorful magnet, confirmed that suspicion. Just her on the picture though. No partner. That was interesting. 
She had pulled up her jeans and fastened them a notch tighter than they obviously would have been under normal circumstances. She had on a vest top but had since pulled on a thick blue overcoat. She put a hat on too, a silly woolly one, that made her look a lot younger than she was. She approached him by the fridge in her small kitchen.
‘What’s your story?’ She asked, pulling Logan’s gaze from the picture on the fridge. ‘Since you seem to have figured out mine…’ She smiled. She was one Hell of a tom boy. Logan would have put money on her not even owning an item of makeup. He sighed a long drawn out sigh. He wasn’t one for indulging people on the life story. 
‘Until a month ago I was retired. Got called back to try and find a way to stop the virus and end a war that hadn’t yet begun. I work for a civilian agency, one that I used to command, called the WDC. Weaponised Disease Control.’ Lizzie recoiled instantly at that last sentence.
‘This thing is weaponised?’ She interrupted and spoke a lot louder than she should have. Logan raised his finger and placed it vertically over his lips. She blushed just a little and looked embarrassed that she had made such a silly mistake. 
‘No.’ He continued. ‘That’s for sure. We thought it was at first but no. Nobody knows what it is.’ That cut the conversation for now. He cocked his head to look at her thin sides. 
‘Looks like you haven’t eaten for days.’ He let his eyes sit on her curved hips a while. She looked malnourished and verged on getting ill. ‘Why did you stay here?’ He asked her but she didn‘t reply. 
They moved into the living space and she sat down on the two seater black couch. It was big and comfy. Probably where Logan was going to end up spending the night. No chance could they travel now anyway. Not with the increased activity and the bitterly horrid cold. 
This must be the worst winter in living memory. Not just a bad one. A biblically bad one. It was fitting though. A biblical plague and a biblical winter. Logan paced, arms folded over his warm jacket, over to the window. The curtains were closed but in addition she had nailed sheets over the glass. He pulled one gently aside and stood directly behind the small gap so that he could see out but nothing else could see in past his sizable frame. 
The street below was empty. The snow still fell in volumes and all but the busses on the road had long since been buried. He stared as far as he could into the distance. He could make out a few of them. Not going anywhere, not aroused at all, just stood dormant in the freezing cold. That was how they needed to stay. The longer he peered the more chances he had of being spotted. 
He sighed. ‘You don’t know the City is in quarantine then?’ Logan pulled the dark sheet back over so that it again covered every square inch of the glass. It was only single glazed and the frost had already formed on both sides. The sheet would help keep that out but it was going to be a long and cold night. 
‘Quarantine?’ She sounded confused and almost a little dazed.
‘Yeah… You had no idea?’ She didn’t reply, just slumped back into the couch and looked visibly shaken. She had been expecting the cavalry any day now. She had been holding out for rescue. She felt stupid and it showed. She had done ok though to be fair to her. There were plenty of provisions in that room alone and she had obviously looted the other apartments for spare blankets and material that could be burned. Those items, like wood from broken down shelves and duvet covers pulled off abandoned beds, were stacked high in the corner behind the couch. She was resourceful and she was tough. 
‘Don’t be so hard on yourself.’ Logan urged her and sat beside her unprompted. She looked uncomfortable about it at first but got over it quickly. She was single he bet. He came to that conclusion instantly as he saw her face drop when he sat next to her. The idea of a man sitting with her was clearly alien. He would have put money on his guess that she had been single for a long time too. 
‘Don’t you have a radio? An emergency broadcast or anything?’ He asked and went to stand up once he realized that he had made her feel uncomfortable. She grabbed his arm to pull him back down and shook her head gently to let him know his company was welcome. 
‘Just one but some pirate radio has jacked it. Must be some sorry ass hole or religious nut in the city I guess. I just figured if I held out here the authorities would have it under control once the National Guard came in…’ She tried to justify herself and sounded, above anything, apologetic. 
Logan punched her delicately in the arm with a brave but friendly gesture. 
‘It’s alright. I can’t imagine the chaos once the flu hit New York never mind what came after. And a woman in your position would have been in the thick of it I’m sure. Sometimes your duty to others makes any kind of self-preservation you have inside of you a late second place.’ He spoke that from experience and that fact was transparent. He was a General first but he was still a Doctor and his duty and honor had brought him back to active service without so much as a fuss. 
The two of them had struck a good rapport in their short friendship. They understood each other from the get-go and that kind of relationship was hard to come by. She felt safe with Logan and he trusted her as a tough as nails inner city cop and knew that she could look after herself. Theirs was already a friendship even though they had only known each other for a very short time. Mutual respect and admiration made that immediate bond possible. A beeping noise interrupted any further conversation as the radio on Logan’s belt began to vibrate intrusively. 
‘Hold on.’ He said to Elizabeth, stood up, and walked back to the doorway. There was a small kitchenette at that side of the living room. The place was clearly built for one which further confirmed his suspicions that she probably had no one of merit in her life. To add to that there were no pictures of other family members either, parents, or friends even for that matter. 
‘The Boss is calling.’ He said more to himself than to her. Her eyes were fixated on the floor. The idea of being holed up in the biggest metropolis on Earth with no rescue hope to speak of had just hit her.
“Logan do you read me?”
“Yeah I hear you.”
“I’ve been trying to raise you for a while. I feared the worst.”
“No such luck boss, I’m still around.”
“Anything?” 
“Nothing. Nothing unusual anyway. There are survivors though. You need to stop them from dropping any payload for as long as you can… And some religious, self-assured, self-righteous, pious doomsday prophet has apparently jacked the emergency frequency we set up.”
“That makes sense then. I had thought we might have had more people try to make it to the screening wall. There are still Doctors and soldiers waiting for evacuees. There have only been a few so far. Now we know why. Nobody knows we are here waiting for them. I’ll get on it; see if we can’t get control back.”
“I’ve met a survivor here, pretty close to my drop site, we need an exfiltration in the morning but we will have to wait the night out here if you can do without me for a few hours.”
“I’ll try.”
“I need more time to study though. There aren’t as many here as I had thought. I don’t have anything to report.”
“Understood. Don’t sleep in. I can’t hold General Cygan’s finger off that button forever…” 
He cut the radio signal. Abraham was an odd and often nervous man. He and Logan had become friends in a few short weeks. They both worked to a common goal and were very similar in some of their less obvious mannerisms.
Elizabeth had heard the whole thing, both sides of the conversation, and she had questions but saved them. She knew what a payload was. Was the military really resorting to dropping bombs in the City? She would try to get it out of him later but right then the rumbling in her stomach was her biggest priority. She also knew what an exfiltration meant. 
Logan was going to drag her out of the city if he needed to and she would have to leave her little apartment fortress behind and the life she could no longer hold onto there in the city. This was probably going to be her last night in the apartment and if that meant she was leaving everything behind then she was going to break her strict rationing for the first time. 
She walked right to the fridge that Logan was helping to prop up by leaning against one side of it, and pulled open the door. The power had been out a while but she had only been using it as more storage for canned goods. She pulled out a near stale loaf of bread and at least five cans of soup. She was going to burn every bit of combustible material to cook it and enjoy a warm night for a change. She had a determined look about her, a solid gaze, and an uncompromising pace. 
She had cozy slippers on. Logan had just noticed them. They were designed to look like bear’s feet. She slipped and slid over her bare wood floor with each purposeful turn to look in that cupboard or the next. It was starting to look like she was preparing a feast. 
‘Is this all going to be ok?’ She reminded herself to ask Logan who hadn’t said anything for a few minutes. He was still stood propping the fridge up and was happy just to watch her. He was used to eating all kinds of crap the Air Force put in its dried rations so anything practical would suffice. She had collected up a good few cans of soup and whatever canned meat she could find like spam and sausages or hot dogs. She was planning on shoving the lot in a big pan and cooking it all up and eating it along with every slice of bread not already full of mould spores. 
‘Yeah. Looks…’ He paused and glanced over the cans. ‘Well, like Hell...’ He winked at her without moving. He was brave to wind her up. She didn’t look in the mood. She didn’t rise to it and took it as it was meant to be. 
‘What’s the payload?’ She asked bravely. She paused from her can opening mission and stopped pouring everything she opened into the biggest pan she had. It rested on the floor for now until they built something to cook it on. Logan was hesitant to tell her. He didn’t know her too well yet and didn’t know if the added pressure would break her. He couldn’t bring himself to lie though. That must have been his Christian upbringing kicking in. 
‘They were using napalm in Washington about the time when New York first went dark. That changed to Bunker Buster’s on Michigan just before the quarantine net went up and we wiped out the bridges here in New York.’ 
‘So that’s what those explosions were?’ She looked a little horrified and glared at him. She was about to blame him and accuse him of something but quickly thought about it. What would she have done in his shoes? 
‘Yeah. But when I asked to drop into New York to try and secure any survivors they had changed their minds to nuclear. Hopefully Abe can change their minds or at least buy us some time.’ She was struck speechless. She had no idea things had gotten so bad. 
She had holed herself up in that small apartment, fortified it and re-supplied it, in the confident belief that the authorities were on their way. They had just been slowed down by the snow. They had just encountered more resistance than they had thought and they had to wait for more ammo and medical shipments. Thats what she had told herself. No idea at all, not even had she entertained the notion, that the most powerful nation in the world, the most advanced science and the biggest and best democracy, could have been so woefully unprepared for what had happened. 
That they would have had no idea how to fight it either with a combat initiative or with science and the power of the best and brightest minds. That they would be so clueless and left in the dark that they would resort to nuclear war to cover up their own ignorance. 
He didn’t say anything after that. Just left her to process it all. She had started to cry a little. More like a sob. Just a sob to herself though nothing over the top or too dramatic. Maybe he had been wrong. Maybe she did have some ties there. Or maybe she had just been hit with the reality that there was no way to turn back the clock on this one. That there might not be a resolution at the end of the day and that the world as she had known it would not recover for a very long time. 
He sat down on the kitchen floor with her and started helping her to open cans with his own pocket knife. He hadn’t even asked if she was ok after nearly being raped in her own home by someone she might have even known. She must have opened the door to him after all… He needed to check out that pirate radio too. 
That could give him some clues as to what the people of the city had been fed instead of his own emergency broadcast that urged all survivors to make for the containment wall. 
Chapter Four
Doctor Abraham Priest 
Weaponised Disease Control
After a few lengthy flights and two further stops, one at New York, the other along with a change of plane at LA, they finally touched down on the snowfield in Alaska. Far from prying eyes and cold enough to safely store hazardous biological material. 
Remote enough to be left untouched and far enough away from settlement to protect people from possible outbreak. Logan had just come from Istanbul and the temperature change was enough to blow him over. He had been given a thick fur lined raincoat but still had his plain shirt and blue jeans on underneath. He felt scruffy after having slept in those same clothes but he wasn’t the sort of man who cared too much about his appearance. 
The plane they had changed to in LA was equipped with sleds as its landing gear. It touched down and slid gracefully on the snowdrifts and they were escorted to the facility in the distance by snowmobile. The WDC hadn’t changed that much.
There was a lone man waiting at the doorway to the modern facility. It had been designed with practicality in mind and not style. It was three stories high but the majority of the labs were dug underground. The basement levels numbered four when Logan was last there. 
It was grey colored, the stonework, but the building for the most part was encased in snow and ice. It glistened and sparkled in the low level sun over on the horizon. The man that waited by the entrance was cast in shadow. He could only be made out by his silhouette. He was not a tall man by the looks of it as Logan dismounted the still revving snowmobile. 
His long coat blew sideways like a cape in the wind that had suddenly picked up. It whipped up more and more snow from the mostly settled airstrip into a bit of a flurry. At the far end of the snowy strip there was a helicopter in wait. It looked like an old Russian gunship. Maybe a Hind D or something similar. 
‘General James Logan?’ The man addressed his visitor. He shouted the best he could over the noise of the snowmobile and the wind. Was that a British accent? Logan shielded his eyes from the glare of the setting sun.
‘Yeah.’ He shouted back. His rasping voice echoed around the empty place. The unidentified man held out an arm in greeting as Logan approached closer. His holiday shoes were starting to leak and the snow had numbed both his feet cold as ice. 
‘I’m Doctor Abraham Priest.’ His accent had faded a lot. Almost to the point it was barely detectable. ‘It’s good to meet you Sir.’ He held out a hand to shake Logan’s. There was a good vibe from him already. He seemed like a decent man. Hopefully not the pompous prick his file made him seem. 
He was young though. His eyes gleamed with youthful vibrancy. He had grown a little messy beard and had a sense of urgency to him. He had bags under his eyes though, right where the crow’s feet had started to form. All this and more gave him the look of a tired and fatigued man. Abraham had a messy ponytail tied low at the back of his head. His hair, despite his youth, had started turning grey. It was almost the same color as Logan’s. He wore thin glasses over his tired eyes and kept having to push them back up his slippery, and a little pointy, nose. 
‘Yeah. You too. I hear you took my job?’ He clasped the young man’s hand tight. He had calices and cuts on his fingers. That was good. The General had little time for people who didn’t want to get their hands dirty. 
‘I had big shoes to fill Sir. Forgive the melodrama but you are kind of a legend around here…’ Abraham stuttered as he spoke. He might even have been a little star-struck. He, still holding firmly to the General’s hand, led the way inside through two heavy metal doors. 
‘Just “Logan” is fine.’ He insisted he call him by his favored name rather than “Sir” or anything like that. He glanced nervously down at his own hand, still clasped inside of Abraham’s grip, and smiled as the nervous Doctor finally let go. Abraham wasted no time and led Logan inside the facility and immediately to an elevator in the back. 
There was a security desk in front of the elevator control panel, but no one was manning it. In fact, there were very few people there at all which was definitely a little odd. Logan had never run the facility on a skeleton staff that thin before. Where had they all gone? That was a question that he could save for later. First, he wanted a change of clothes and a good look at the virus. Even that agent, Adrian Frasier, jumped back on the plane and immediately turned it around and took off. 
The elevator shutter closed behind them with a quick screech of metal on metal. The Doctor pressed a button for basement level 4. Each icon above the metal chain link shutter glowed as they slowly made their descent. He had taken off his big coat and thrown it aside. It slumped messily into the corner. He still had on a long white coat underneath. It had a few stains on it. One of them was definitely blood. One of the others was coffee or tea. Maybe the odd one a sugary energy drink to add to the mix of patchwork colors. He had been working tirelessly and filling his blood with caffeine to stay on the job. He set about buttoning it right up to the top. 
‘Forgive the urgency Logan and sorry for the lack of proper introductions but I need you to look at something. The sooner I get your eyes on it the better.’ Logan didn’t know whether to feel flattered or under an immense amount of pressure. A lot of eyes were going to be on him to figure this out. As soon as the shutter opened up again the Doctor briskly stepped out and walked with a fast pace and deep stride down another, oddly unpopulated, characterless white hall to an air lock door. He took another white coat from a peg next to the door and handed it to Logan. He took it, a familiar garment to him, and threw it on after tossing his own coat to one side. 
‘Why no nurses or assistants?’ He finally asked as he was handed a basic breathing mask that was green in color and had a crinkly paper-plastic texture. He pulled it over his short but firm, silver colored stubble. He looked a right mess. He still had on the same clothes he had been wearing in a dirty bar at the other side of the world and the same black trainers too. It was warm in there though so at least he was starting to feel movement in his toes again and at least his clothes were starting to dry. The cuffs of his jeans were especially uncomfortable.
‘You really have been gone a long time?’ Abraham muttered almost below hearing level and looked at him blankly and unimpressed. ‘You really don’t know do you?’ Logan had to admit he had fluttered so quickly from location to location, mostly in the Far East and Russia, so quickly that he had never even paid any attention to the news. He had never even tried to. That was what he was trying to escape after all. 
‘So this is pretty serious then?’ He asked, a little disarmed of his ego, and unintentionally raised his right grayish black eyebrow. 
‘The file you read on the plane was horrifically out of date when I printed it off for Adrian to give to you. By the time he found you and brought you back, the number of cases has grown exponentially, to make the file you read not just horrifically out of date, but frankly not worth reading I’m afraid.’ He rose up his arm and pulled open the door of the glass air lock. He stepped inside and Logan followed. 
He remembered the lab well and fondly too. This was where Logan had kept samples rather than living specimens and certainly not patients. That was still true. This must have been the Doctor’s lab come home from home by the look of it through the transparent air lock door. Sandwich bags, burger wrappers, and tins of energy drinks littered the dirty tiled floor. A thin mist sprayed them inch by inch but dried on contact. That would be the disinfectant. All this went on to the deafening roar of a siren and an equally deafening roar of the air purifiers in the ceiling. 
The door opened automatically and the computers started up unprompted too. So that was where the aides and assistants must have gone. If this contagion was half as big as the Doctor’s harrowing analysis would have had Logan believe, they would have wanted to get to their families. Or had even been infected themselves. 
‘The word “Pandemic” does not begin to cover what this is Logan.’ He sat on a stool by the long white bench that ran the length of the sizeable room. Televisions lined every surface of the wall space with every news channel imaginable playing along constantly. Some of them had been taken offline. Some of them displayed a message or an emergency broadcast. Logan was no linguist but he was smart and had travelled a lot. He could read a few of them. None of them were in English. Some urged citizens to stay inside at all costs. Not open the door even for trusted neighbors, friends, or even family under any circumstances. One of them was in French, the others in languages he couldn’t put his finger to. Abraham slumped over his desk. 
‘In the time we have been talking, another town or even a city might have become literally unsafe.’ The Doctor brought up a monitor that was linked to the largest TV in the room. It showed a map with blobs of red, white and black dotted all about the western hemisphere. The key showed what those colors meant. Red was an area that had gone dark. Lost contact and not reposted their situation for at least twelve hours. White was an infected area that still had control. Black was simply labeled a no go zone. Those colors remained inconstant and shifted all of the time. Most often from a less serious color to a more serious. New blobs would appear spontaneously. 
‘Is this real time?’ Logan demanded with a great deal more urgency in his voice than was usual. He didn’t reply but nodded in confirmation. Though it was hidden by his mask, his jaw had dropped and the seasoned General was stunned into silence. The modern world had never faced a plague on this level. Not since bubonic plague, not since the first Spanish flu, and nothing else had even come close. 
Abraham waved Logan over to his bench where there was a small dish held firmly under a powerful microscope all ready for him to assess. He peered into the eyepiece to a red colored mass below. He could make out a single cell that displayed harsh corners and violent spikes along its circumference. That was a flu virus. That was easy to recognize. But it had other qualities too. Strange shapes and ever shifting. It moved and morphed all of the time. Producing more and more cells by splitting at least once per two to three seconds. It had the shape and form of a rabies cell too. Not for long but it was there. He had never seen anything so aggressive going on under the eye of a microscope. It was like nothing he had ever seen before. He looked up but could not yet meet the expecting eyes of the Doctor. He had no idea. He had failed. After a long sigh and with deflated shoulders he turned. 
‘Anything?’ Abraham asked almost expecting his disappointing answer. 
‘I need to get in the field.’ He didn’t bother letting him down. It was as plain as day that he knew nothing. It wasn’t like anything he had seen before. Nobody would have been able to answer it. Logan continued. 
‘I need to get in the field and see how the virus affects its hosts. How it kills them and how it passes from victim to victim. If I can draw any parallel when I’m out there it might help us to find a cure.’ 
Abraham was visibly deflated. His childlike manner upon their first meeting had faded completely. Abraham had built Logan up in his mind to be the savior and had talked himself into believing entirely that he would know the answer. It was unfair of him to place everything on Logan though, no matter how much he thought he might have been able to help, the pandemic that was visibly stretching across the world was an unknown. 
He said nothing, slumped down into his arms on the table, and started rubbing his eyes hard. There was a bookshelf in the corner. A tall one with all kinds of interesting works on its shelves. Abraham sprung up to arch his back and take a deep breath. He reached for a small remote control. 
He envied, no he hated, how clam Logan looked. He had his arms folded over his pristine white coat. He hated that he could just sink into his own mind. It looked like he could block out the fact that millions were dying as they stood there with no answers and no direction to go in search of them. 
But that could not have been further from the truth. It shattered him inside. His calm and collected exterior was just his armor. He had gone over to the bookshelf and had taken out a lengthy book about the ancient world. Abraham turned on some music. Classical and soothing for his much overloaded head. 
‘You like the ancient world?’ Logan asked without turning. He was reading the first few pages. It frustrated Abraham but he didn’t have the nerve to voice it. He, instead, just indulged himself in the question. 
‘That one is about the world before our own. Before recorded history.’ Abraham began. ’Scholars look back to the ancient Egyptians as the builders of society and don’t question what might have come before them. They don’t seem to get that the civilization we know and revere as the ancient Egyptian world seemed to form without any precedent. There is no evidence, yet discovered, that points to how that civilization came about. There is no evolution in their language development either. Like a fully formed human being just hopping from its mother’s womb. Suddenly they were able to build pyramids that somehow mathematically represented, on scale, a whole hemisphere of the planet. Which means they knew it was spherical and not flat…’ Logan didn’t look up, he was reading page after page but listening to Abraham’s commentary the whole time. 
‘Then there is the step pyramid in ancient Maya. Built as a mathematical mirror image of the Great Pyramid at Giza at Chechen Itza half a world away. The author of that book supposes that there was a teacher race.’ 
Logan was interested for sure but didn’t look up from his reading. Abraham enjoyed the conversation change. Even though it was a bit odd and it frustrated him to not be entirely focused on the virus and how to stop it. He continued regardless. 
‘A teacher race that came from the world before ours and before the ancient Egyptians. The author supposes they were wiped out by some kind of global apocalypse. He looks at the myths from ages ago, and eons ago, that point to global floods and blackened skies. Noah and his ark and a handful of identical myths from other cultures passed on from generation to generation are his evidence for this long dead civilization reaching out to us from beyond the grave to tell us who they were. To tell us what happened to them and to try to stop us falling down the same traps. Trying to tell us that there would be an apocalypse again, an extinction level event, and trying to make us know that we must try all we can try to save something of what we are before that happens again.’ His passion for the subject oozed out of him. His hand gestures became inflated and emotive. Logan just let him talk it out but found himself oddly transfixed on the Doctor’s voice. 
‘The survivors of the ancient-ancient race, the author supposes, spread out across the globe to teach us how to be human again. They turned humanity back to the humane and tried to stop us feeding on each other and fighting among ourselves. He points to wise men “coming from the sea” in notable ancient worlds to teach the newly risen people how to farm, how to form civilization. They were called “Virracocha” in South American mythology. “Oons” in Mesopotamia and Sumer. And he supposed that the best known of them was the Egyptian God-King Osiris. They came from the sea, from what was left of their own land, to raise humanity up from the ashes.’ Logan closed the book after reading about a chapter and flicking through the rest to try to digest the end. The Doctor had his head in his hands, and sometimes stared down the microscope to the ever changing virus below, then turning away with another frustrated growl and turned his eyes back to the growing blobs of color on the map. 
Logan paced back over. Still with his arms folded. Still irritatingly calm. He made a b-line for the screen and took a long hard look at what was left of England. The North East of it was still white. The rest was either black or red or a curious mix of the two. 
‘That’s as good a place as any to start.’ 
An outsider then. A deep and interesting man with knowledge and maturity beyond the youthful flare of his eyes. They would get along just fine. Abraham was not a man consumed by his job or put on a self-elected pedestal over his own achievements. He was consumed instead by the lack of identity he clearly envied in the world he lived in. He was an idealist and a thinker. His thoughts were transcendental and covered far more than his immediate concerns, stretching through time, and leaping national boundaries too. He was a Citizen and a Doctor of Earth. Helping those he can because he can. 
Chapter Five
The Mutating Virus
Logan had touched down in the North East of England via military transport plane. The WDC was a small agency, one that had little power, and even fewer resources. They had managed to hurry Logan onto a plane flying a supply mission to England. The mission had flown right out of Anchorage in Alaska so the flight had been swift and there had been no delay. 
The plane was a gigantic Herculean transport vessel, the kind that could hold pallet upon pallet of supplies and a few vehicles too. It had touched down at a little known domestic airport. The back shutter opened slowly for the troops to start disembarking and off-loading the various supplies. 
Logan stood dead centre in the cargo hold and waited for the ramp to touch down. He had been given a simple but effective equipment pack from the WDC. Even though what was once a fairly large and well-staffed agency had been dwindled to a small team of doctors and soldiers. He wore baggy combat trousers that were green and black in color with plenty of pockets sown in the sides. He had stuffed them full to bursting with extra ammo, rations and energy bars, some injections of adrenaline and other basic medical provisions. 
Around his chest he wore a thick black jacket laced with bullet proof pads. His Desert Eagles were holstered firmly to his waist with the old leather strap. The ramp slowly descended and touched down across the concrete runway in the open field. There was a small control tower but not much else. Across the field he could see a small hanger with nothing but small planes and private two seated prop driven old crates. The roof of that hanger was in a desperate state of disrepair. The slatted metal roof had caved in at some parts and the place looked decayed and eaten by rust. This place clearly saw very little air traffic. 
Logan had no specific objective and no specific location to check on. He was simply there to observe and report. He was trying to get a look at the virus in the flesh. He needed to know how it took hold of its many victims. What was so special about this virus? Why was it so aggressive and so un-compromising? How did it morph so quickly? Abraham had spent every moment since patient zero trying to figure out these questions. Trying to find a way to counter it and stop it from spreading. 
He slowly started walking down the ramp, each step rattled the metal frame, and he took each of his Desert Eagles out of their holsters in turn to check that there was a bullet in each chamber and that the safety was on. The sun was high in the sky in the British late autumn but the breeze was still cold and unforgiving. The sun was bright but the air whipped up a solid chill. 
He slid a hand into his top jacket pocket and took out a pair of dark glasses with mirrored lenses. Did he head for a medical centre? Or maybe to the nearest town? Should he stay with the troops flying this mission or head off alone? He chose the latter of those options and decided to head to the nearest town. There was no security at the domestic airport and all of the soldiers on the supply mission ignored him. They all had their jobs to do and each of them wore their worries on their faces as they scurried around frantically. Logan could sense their urgency and that they wanted this mission over so that they could fly back home and be with their families. Nobody spoke, there was no banter in the air, and everyone just cracked on as fast as they could manage. 
There was a small contingent of police cars across the landing strip but it looked like there were no officers around. Time was wasting. 
Logan broke out into a vigorous jog. The breeze felt colder still but the sun still shone a bright light through the cloudless sky. Upon reaching the line of cars he spotted a lone police sergeant. He had a bright, garish, high visibility jacket on over a short sleeved white shirt. Logan whistled to get his attention. The man turned slowly, miserable and slumped into his own shoulders, he nodded upwards instead of talking to ask what he wanted. 
‘Can you spare a car?’ He inquired and slowed his pace back to a brisk walk to make up the last few steps. The police officer nodded to a Vauxhall Vectra at the front of the line. It was a long, low, and reasonably sleek car. It was white but had been decorated with the highly visible, intrusive, colors of blue and bright yellow in a grid pattern right down both sides. The door was open and a pool of blood was trickling out from underneath. 
‘You can take that.’ He had a very northern English twang in his accent but was a little blunt. Understandable. ‘Poor bastard just died.’ He fished into his shirt pocket under his garish stab vest and threw Logan a set of keys. Just like that. He was expecting it to be a little harder. 
‘Thanks.’ He asserted after only a moments silence. The policeman just smiled a half smile and went back to staring into the distance with no purpose behind his eyes. He had given up in spirit it seemed.
Logan walked over to the open car door. The lights were still on and an annoying beep sounded until he climbed in and shut the door. He almost got in the wrong side but remembered in time. The blood was only outside and there was nothing on the seat or steering wheel. Poor guy must have coughed half of his lungs up just as he parked. 
Logan could have started wiping down the steering wheel. Or he could have brought with him a seat cover and worn a mask. Hell, for that, he could have asked Doctor Priest for a full environment suit with a gas mask. The virus was stronger than anything the modern world of medicine had encountered. There was very little point in taking what seemed like small precautions. 
A quick stab of the key into the ignition and a turn clockwise fired up the car’s impressive engine. English police cars were supposed to be boring by reputation but this American made monster was anything but. It had good power and Logan made plenty use of it. The radio was down though. He tried in vain to raise someone and ask for information but there was nothing but silence and crackling static. Of the times he had sat in a police car in the past, the radio chatter had been nigh constant, and pretty much incessant. It seemed like there was either no one left, or those that were, were in a consistent trance of denial or fear. 
The gate to the small airport was open and unguarded. He gunned the engine and slid the car elegantly and quickly through the gap that was just wide enough to fit through. It had been a while since he had driven a right hand drive but he was fast to adapt. He quickly found the flashing blue lights but left the siren off. The roads were deserted anyway. A Sat-Nav on the window indicated a half hour drive to the nearest town. Time to call the Doctor. 
He took out his android phone and pushed a few buttons to call up his new boss. He tapped the speakerphone icon and wedged the phone into one of the instrument panels in the centre of the dashboard. 
‘Logan?’ Abraham answered. 
‘I’m on route to the nearest populated centre. Should be 30 minutes.’ Logan spoke up over the roar of the engine since he was hammering it in a low gear for the sake of speed and response. The road was clear, mostly straight, and flowed nicely. 
‘Good.’ The tension in his voice was obvious. ‘Still nothing here General…’ He spoke directly of his efforts to decode the virus. ‘It’s like it’s tormenting us. It seems like every time I get close to getting a grip on what it is, on what form it will take next, and every time I get close to thinking of a possible solution, it changes! It mutates either into another form of the flu virus on which it is based or…’ 
‘Anything else to report?’ Logan darted the conversation away. Abraham was going to kill himself with frustration! 
‘Denver has gone dark. New York has reported its first cases and first mortalities. There is a cold front coming in from the Atlantic and they are set for a snow flurry to add to their worries. It’s like the Torment of Tantalus. Each time we get close it changes the rules. Like unending temptation. Like it goads us into thinking we have it closed into a corner then throws another curve ball.’ Logan could sense the Doctor’s frustration in the bleak attitude he conveyed over the phone. Long silences between his sentences and a feint air of hopelessness in his tone. 
‘Tell me more about that book.’ Logan tactfully intervened. Abraham had a brilliant mind. He was a fantastic scientist. But he was no good burned out and the frustration of it all would make him blind. 
‘What?’ 
‘Your book about the ancient world.’ There was silence for a moment. The Doctor was trying to guess what Logan wanted to know for. 
‘Well… like I said to you before… The author supposes that the pyramids are far older than conventional authority would have it. And the Sphinx too. It kind of goes against any mainstream science in that if this guy is right we need to re-write the chronology of the development of man. The evolution of man in fact. His logic is bullet-proof but his approach is a little unscientific. What choice did he have though? There is no solid evidence, only circumstantial evidence, which most scholars dislike. It annoys me.’ 
‘Which part?’ 
‘The whole thing! There are a few chambers in the Great pyramid that the contemporary authorities won’t let archaeologists have a dig for. There is also a chasm of some kind at the paws of the sphinx. It’s like people want it to stay buried. To stay out of mind because they can’t, or don’t want, to deal with it. Because they might have to change how they feel when the cold truth stares them in the face. There are other parts of it that really grate on me too. They found ships, big ships, ocean going vessels buried right by the pyramid. Conventional Egyptologists state without hesitation that they are metaphorical; a vessel for the dead in this culture that was obsessed with the afterlife, rather than for a practical use. But Occam’s razor would suggest that the simplest explanation is the most likely. They built ocean going vessels to sail the ocean. Or they were given them by a people that did.’ 
‘And that would be the mystery lost people who carried a dead civilization on their shoulders?’ Logan was genuinely interested but remained uncompromisingly focused on the road. 
‘Yeah… The ones that “came from the sea” in all kinds of myths. I just wish sometimes that people could open their minds to that kind of alternative view of the past.’ Abraham trailed off. 
‘I’ll call you back when I have something to report. I’ll record everything that I can.’ Logan signed off there and hung up the phone without a goodbye. The Doctor had spoken slowly and softly. He had taken the opportunity to indulge himself and tell the General all about some of his views on the ancient world. He felt oddly relieved and empowered to have done so. He felt focused again. 
Logan had stretched the engine to its rev limit on his charge to the town down the road. He had hurtled through the outskirts, past the boarded up and defended suburbs and into the centre. 
It wasn’t a big town. It lay by the banks of a river. There were only two bridges that he passed. One massive blue one that stood mostly as a relic and a more often used green one. Both were deserted. There was no traffic at all and not even the odd abandoned vehicle. The town clearly had an industrial heritage of merit. The chimney stacks stood tall, towered over the buildings on the horizon, but no smoke or vapor billowed out. The whole place was in hibernation. 
The high street was small, when he finally reached it, it was open only to pedestrians, and like the houses before it, all of the shops were boarded up. There was no sign of civilian disturbances either. No sign of opportunistic theft or any sign of a riot. Everyone was caught off guard. That gave him some idea of the speed that the virus acted. It seemed like after the first case took hold it spread like a wild fire through the populace. 
Despite the fact the high street was off limits to anyone but pedestrians, Logan mounted the high curb and bounced the grill of his car messily off a nearby bench to get closer. The front of the car crumpled at the edge and the bumper snagged up onto the wheel arch. The tires rattled over the raised cobbles and stones. He slowed down but not by much. 
He kept his hands glued to the steering wheel and his foot hovered over the brake pedal in case he needed to stop quickly. There was no one around. The high street opened up to a green space. It was a small park with a well looked after pond. It was surrounded by trees that clung haplessly to the banks of the deep body of water. Ivy climbed their trunks and spread out over their long branches. It seemed a nice enough place. There was a twisted sculpture of a bottle at the far side of the grassy park. It was white in color and hollow, decorated in unintelligible words, written in cursive, which had been crafted in steel. 
There was an old building in the middle of the green space. Maybe a library or an office of some kind. It looked out of place but also cherished. It was an old building surrounded by modern park benches and behind it there was an art gallery, of a design Logan could only describe as “silly”, that interfered with the view. 
The walls of the older building were washed clean and gothic in architectural style. The towering windows had developed a film of dirt and it was hard to see through them. He wouldn’t have stopped if not for the shadow at the top of the tallest window frame. 
There must have been two floors inside and a figure was perched on the top one, peering out into the park. Someone was hiding out up there. Maybe a group of people who had become stranded or homeless people looking for shelter. That first sign of life was well worth a look. He slammed on the brake and slid the car to an unsympathetic and uncalculated stop. The plastic bumper peeled off fully and dropped to the floor with a lurch. He immediately jumped out of the seat and slammed the door shut. He should have taken the key but didn’t. He even left the engine running. 
He marched right up to the main door, located to his far right, and started pushing on it. It was a big solid wooden frame enforced with slats of steel. He wanted to shout out “General Logan, Weaponised Disease Control” like he might have done in the past but thought twice. That would just terrify them and he might never get in. He decided on a different approach. 
‘This is Doctor James Logan. Open up. I’m here to help.’ He shouted at the top of his lungs. The sound bounced up and down the walls of the few buildings around. A glance confirmed there was a local courthouse to his right, and some plain and unimaginative offices far to the left, over the green space. 
He could only just hear murmurs behind the door but they didn’t argue for long. The sound of a key turning. The scrape of wood along a stone floor. Then another key. The door slowly swung open and behind it stood four of the most scared people Logan had ever seen. 
They were squatters and homeless people, just as he had guessed. He could hear a loud rasping cough and someone gasping for air close by. It was a library. Some of the bookshelves had been emptied and used to barricade the door. They must have burned the books though because there weren’t many left around. They didn’t want to be disturbed there that was for sure. One of the guys, of a group made up of two men and two women, ushered Logan inside. He made the mistake of lunging for Logan’s arm to hurry him, but a quick side step, a raised finger and a cock of the head was enough to get the man to back off. The girls couldn’t have been older than mid-teens. Maybe nineteen at a push. 
‘You a Doctor?’ One of them demanded. She had poor grammar and a common accent. She had one of her front two teeth missing. She was crying. Copious tears ran down her cheeks and she tried every few seconds to rub them away with her dirty sleeve. 
‘That’s right.’ Logan stepped closer as the two men; skinny guys both wearing clothes far too big for them, both of them trying to smoke, pushed the door closed and began moving the bookcases back into place. One of them locked it again and stuffed the huge keys into his tracksuit pocket. 
That effectively meant Logan was trapped with a few uneasy looking people. They were scared so they might lash out. Not that it worried him. He looked around the cavernous library, to the tired shapes on the walls where the stone was lighter. That was where the books used to be before these people burned them for hope of comfort.
There was a kid’s section in the back. That was where these people were sleeping. The floor was littered with dirty, some soiled, duvet covers and pillows. Some of them had dried black blood on them. There was a marble staircase that reached upstairs but it spun around to the left. He couldn’t see what was up there. 
‘How many of you are there?’ He had already counted five. The four at the door plus the person coughing and spluttering in some yet to be discovered corner. Any other number they shouted out would have made him suspicious. 
‘Just the five of us.’ The same girl announced. The one that was still frantically sobbing and wiping away tears. That was the right answer. Someone here definitely had the virus though, Logan would need to get a look at them but he needed to be careful. He knew the virus had a rabies element to it but he had not seen it first-hand yet. With a cautious hand dangling close to the but of his handgun, he paced further into the library. 
‘It’s my mama.’ The girl choked up the courage to announce. She darted to Logan’s side and took his hand tight. She pulled him to face her and pleaded with him. 
‘Please can you help her?’ The girl knew there was no hope as much as any of the others did. Logan didn’t answer. He couldn’t break her heart any more. He smiled as comforting as he could manage and let go of her hand. She darted straight into the arms of one of the men. Maybe her boyfriend. 
Logan began to stride with a little more confidence now. That cautious arm still hovering for his gun. The coughing got louder as he drew closer to the pile of bedding at the other end. This part of the library was more colorful and stimulating. The primary colors on the covers of the children’s books mirrored the blood stains on the floor and walls nearby. 
He could see the victim now. He had excepted her to be bed bound. She was climbing up the bookcases and screaming! Tearing with her wretched fingers at the books! She lunged forward but didn’t get close. The other survivors there had already cautiously tied her to the radiator on the wall with some torn sheets. She banged and banged at the metal pipes and stamped her feet off the wall. While spontaneously foaming at the mouth she began to cough again. Blood splattered the sheets and soaked them through. Logan, a little insensitively, took out his phone and set it to video. He propped it up on the bookshelf at the opposite side of the children’s recess of the library. Abraham needed to see every gory detail too. 
Rabies was a highly contagious virus that sent its victim literally insane. That was how that particular virus passed from host to host. The infected would bite, scratch, maul and claw at whatever animal happened to pass by. 
The woman wasn’t clothed at all. She had torn all of her clothes clean off and tossed them aside in her rage. If her daughter had seen Logan start to film she hadn’t objected for whatever reason. Her skin was glowing red with heat and she had torn lumps of her own flesh away with her own nails and teeth in frustration. 
He dropped to his knee and started to shuffle for medical gear in his pockets. A thermometer first. It would have been kinder to shoot her. Had she not started to die in front of their eyes he would have never gotten close to take her temperature. She sneezed and coughed then started yakking on her own bile as she started to eject the contents of her stomach. The girl in the background started to wail even louder and the man she was with tried his hardest to comfort her. It didn’t help. She slumped to the floor and took her last breath. Exhaled with a horrid groan that resounded round the room. 
Logan slowly stood and said that he was sorry without turning to look the girl in the eyes. He knew what death looked like. And he had seen time and time again the anger that it created. He didn’t need to be on the receiving end of that. He was more than used to people thinking that because of his station, because of his titles as Doctor and General, that he was a God that could save them from anything. He took the thermometer in one hand, rested his palm of the other hand around the butt of his gun, and made his way to the deceased and naked woman. 
He kicked the blood stained and soiled blankets aside carefully with his boot. The other man in the group overtook him with a jacket open and ready to wrap around the victim’s naked and innocent body. Logan should have been ashamed. He hadn’t even thought to do that… 
The thermometer was high. Topping and overtaking 140. Just like he had read in the file on the way to WDC. The heat from the flu burned out the victim’s brain and caused it to die. He sighed and tossed the disposable thermometer aside. He was no closer to solving this than the Doctor was back at WDC in Alaska. 
The man had carefully wrapped the poor woman up in his jacket and closed his eyes. Maybe he was praying. That was unexpected. He had seen that far too often too. People always seemed to go knocking on God’s door when all other avenues had turned into blood splattered dead ends. He had forgotten about the phone videotaping the whole event. Logan took the pulse to make sure she hadn’t just collapsed. No breathing. No sign of life. Short of hooking up a machine to read brain waves this woman was dead. In every sense. 
Her poor daughter wrestled away from the grasp of her now sobbing boyfriend and ran to her mother’s side. She untied her immediately and her lifeless and limp naked body slumped motionless upon the polished floor. He could have tried to stop her and in fact he probably should have. But it was better, so he thought, to let her grieve. The virus was airborne too anyway. 
‘What was her name?’ Logan asked softly. The young girl was too heartbroken to say. Her boyfriend answered. 
‘Jane.’ He said. ‘She was called Jane. I’m Will, that over there is my brother and sister, Shaun and Kerry.’ He was drying his eyes. He had given up the macho bull. 
‘What about her?’ Logan pointed from his hip to the heartbroken young girl. 
‘That’s Jenny.’ Jenny was a pretty young girl. She had long red hair and rosy lips. She dressed like she thought she was far older than she actually was. A short and tight top that showed off her belly button and figure hugging leggings. 
The two men looked alike. They were clearly brothers. They both wore matching tracksuits with black stripes down each of the legs and arms. The other girl, Kerry, was a tad older. She was gothic in style and appearance. She had jet black hair, jet black lips, and wore a tight but fake leather jacket. A sharp, pointy nose piercing protruded from her pale white face. She had been wearing thick black eye liner but it had streaked and ran with her copious tears. She was definitely the odd one out. 
Logan was being patient and paced the library for the next half hour in deep thought. There was nothing he could do. Nothing he could have done. There was nowhere he could send the four that had survived. It dawned on him rather suddenly that there was no infrastructure to help. No law enforcement beyond the car parked up and still running outside. The hospitals were overrun too no doubt. This was one part of the world where contact could still be made with someone of government or military. It was a dark thought to know that this was the best of what was out there. 
‘Do you have…?’ He was going to ask if they had anywhere else to go but was cut short by the young girl, Jenny, the daughter. 
‘Mama?’ Jenny sat up suddenly as the corpse of her dear departed mother began to twitch. Her arms ignited with a spasm and rocked violently from side to side. 
‘Relax kid…’ he said softly and paced over to her. ‘It’s normal for the recent dead to…’ Again he was stopped. He was wrong. This wasn’t normal. After a few more spasmodic shakes and tense flinches, her mother sat bolt upright and her head swiveled around the top of her neck in a circular motion as though it weren’t attached at all. The dead woman opened her glazed and milky eyes and held them all in a cold and vacant stare. Logan’s grip around his handgun tightened further. The jacket fell from her body as she stood on two feet without grimacing from pain or changing her facial expression. 
‘Mama?’ Jenny cried as the tears started flowing again. She leapt up and threw her arms around her mother. 
‘Don’t!’ Logan shouted as the mother lurched for her own daughter, took a firm grasp of her arm, and tore into it with her teeth. Jenny screamed a piercing scream as a chunk of flesh was torn from her arm. 
Her mother started chewing, ignoring the bellowing screams of her own daughter. She raised and clamped her jaw as though she were working it for the first time ever. The two men, Will and Shaun, stood in terrified silence as Kerry screamed too. It was a primal scream. A primal and uncompromising fear that gripped them all. The deceased woman started to howl and dropped the chunk of flesh. 
That howl. It was deep enough to tear down the Devil’s door. It vibrated through every one of them and shocked every cell in their bodies. She started to pace. Unsteady and falling at first. Then gathering speed and momentum. She fell towards them with purpose. Logan drew his weapon, flicked the safety off with the tip of his thumb, and fired. The sound of that gun was exhilarating. A glorious explosive sound he had missed far too much. 
The shot hit her square in the right shoulder. Only for the shock of the impact did she stumble. The gunshot did nothing to stop her in her purposeful stagger towards them. Another shot. Another howl but nothing more. One final round square to the face and the woman hit the ground for the second time in only a few minutes. That last shot blew right through her jaw, shattering her every tooth and exploded skull fragments back a considerable distance. 
‘Did that do it?’ Logan shouted, demanding an answer only from himself. His heart was racing. What the Hell had just happened? Will raced over to his broken hearted girlfriend and wrapped a dirty towel around her gaping wound. Blood gushed freely from the pale white flesh deep below the skin. Her blood vessels had popped as her flesh had been ripped away. She would be lucky not to die of shock. 
‘You’ll be alright.’ Logan told her and took her gently by the other hand. He lied. He ripped off the old towel and placed his own dressing on it. 
‘Keep pressure on tight. Release it every fifteen minutes and repeat.’ His instructions were cold and simple but not emotionless. He looked frantically around the room at the shocked, bewildered and deeply upset survivors. He saw his phone and remembered it had been recording the whole time. 
‘Damn…’ He sighed at himself and at his own insensitivity. He went immediately to collect it and shut it off. He would watch that video a million times over. So would Abraham. So would the rest of the world. 
Chapter Six
Escape from England 
It didn’t take her long to die. Maybe a few hours. The shock was too much. The flu didn’t even have time to settle in and she hadn’t had the time to develop any symptoms of rabies either. Could she awaken from the dead too? 
The other survivors hated him for it. But Logan needed to find out. And he needed to record it too so the Doctor could see for himself. He hadn’t even called it in yet. Could he have read her pulse wrong? Could he have shot a woman who was just sick? No chance. He had to stop thinking that. She was dead. And she was still dead when she got back up. 
He had sent them away. Will and Shaun, and Kerry too. They had been hysterical when Jenny had died only hours after a bite. He had told them they could take his police car and run to wherever they thought might be safe. 
He told them to head north to the wilderness of Scotland. Run to the hills and don’t stop until they found a cave where they could be safe. The less population the better. 
It was dark now. He hadn’t looked at his watch in a while. He sat with crossed legs on a reading table, a big old wooden thing, and a cold one at that. He was fixated on the poor dead girl he had tied to the same radiator with the same torn sheets that had held her mother down. 
Her face was grey. There was no life and no color in her at all. The wound had bled her dry. He had recorded a high temperature just before she passed out, and then died, and the others left. There was a high running fever consistent with both her mother and the other reports. It had burned fast and strong and had been enough to burn her out. The brain was starved of oxygen and that was closely followed by sudden death. 
Another hour passed. Then another half. Logan hadn’t moved even an inch and had left his phone ready to record anything that happened. 
She sure enough rose onto her two feet. It chilled him to the core to see her stand up. He had been sure this time. He had measured her breathing, her pulse, then again and again. Her eyes were glazed and unfocused as she came to almost like a puppet being dragged up by strings. Her long hair covered most of her face until she whipped her head back, saw Logan still sat, and started howling. It was horrific. That sound. She lurched forward until stopped dead by the tightly tied sheet. 
That frustrated her more and her shriek became more intense! He would have to do it. He shouted her name to no response. He yelled at her to stop and threw a nearby book at her for good measure. She barely noticed it hit her. He took the same gun he had used to shoot the girl’s mother and raised it. He didn’t want to do it but had no choice. With a grimace, and only a second’s hesitation, he fired. The blast echoed around the night and the chasm of the main library. 
The poor girl fell with a slump and a thud. He looked calm at first but after a few deep breaths he realized the anger bubbling through him. He turned his back and raised his leg to kick the table he had been sat on as hard as he could. He slammed it into the opposite side of the room and knocked the bookshelf clean away from the wall. The books that were left fell like rain on the floor with a similar pattering noise. 
What was that? Another howl? 
He had heard the sound as soon as he calmed again. He checked and it wasn’t Jenny. He leapt up onto the table to look out of the top of the window. More of them! Shuffling their way to him alerted by the sound of his gun in the night! Logan’s face sunk. There were at least twenty, maybe more hidden from view, and each of them howled and shrieked in frustration as they limped ever closer to the library. They were far enough away for now and could only manage an uncoordinated stumble. 
He had a moment to think. But only a moment. Most of the stumbling dead wore night clothes or hospital gowns. Some of them were completely naked like Jenny’s mother had been. The poor souls had been driven mad by the intensity of the flu. 
The bike rack! He had seen it on the way in he was sure! There would be a bike locked up that he could easily steal with a quick blast from his gun through the lock. He was far too smart to wall himself in. If this was the ultimate state of the virus then there would be untold more of these walking dead getting closer every moment.
He darted for the door and opened it easily. The others had not locked it on their way out and Logan had not thought it important. He was right. There were three bikes parked up and locked. It would be a low tech and not so speedy getaway but he needed to make it back to that airfield and back to WDC. He blasted a bullet right through the padlock of the biggest, slickest and hopefully the fastest of the push bikes.
He spun it around with a screech of the front tire and jumped on. Good thing he hadn’t holstered his gun yet! One of them had made it a little too close for comfort. He raised the barrel eye level and shot right through the skull and brain. It fell onto the arms of another behind it. He ran alongside the bike and jumped on once it was up to speed. He aimed for the largest gap in the blundering creatures’ line and raced through. They tried to grab him and missed. He turned his head quickly to see them still following him. They looked like they would follow him to the end of the Earth!
He grabbed his phone from his jacket’s top pocket and quickly dialed Abraham. 
‘Logan?’ He answered, groggy and still half asleep. 
‘I’m sending you a video!’ He screamed through the microphone and took the phone away from his ear. He attached the file quickly to an email as he bounced down the kerb and back onto the pedestrian zone. 
‘You got it?’ He yelled again and quickened his pace to make it through another line of the things. He waited a few moments for the Doctor’s reaction. 
‘I don’t believe it…’ The Doctor’s voice faded and his reaction was understandable. 
‘Going to video chat!’ He was panting for breath now but had made it a little further down the street. He pulled the phone from his ear and up to his eyes. The Doctor’s tired face appeared on the large screen. He had long, dark rings under his eyes and his hair was sticking up in a straight line. He was probably asleep at his desk when Logan called. 
‘Then look at this!’ He yelled again and flipped the phone around in his fingers to show the third line of walking beasts he had to dart through. He had gotten close enough for Abraham to see right into one of their vacant faces. 
‘Do me a favor?’ Logan asked, more demanded, and put the phone back to his ear while still pelting as hard as he could. He could hear screaming now. It would seem more of them were waking from death. 
‘Get that plane mobilized and get me back to WDC, and get that video to everyone still left with a working android phone!’ He hung up, stuffed the phone in his top pocket, and grabbed the handlebar with both hands. He could ride faster now but had still covered some distance! 
The drive to the town had taken him just less than half an hour but now he had to do the same distance on a push-bike. He wasn’t slow by any measure. In fact he was pretty fast for a retired guy of his age. The frame of the bike creaked and groaned as he slammed his weight down as hard as he could on each rotation of the wheel. He made it to the outskirts of town on just adrenaline. 
He had remembered the way as a matter of good practice and training. He didn’t make any wrong turns or even have to think about it. By the time he reached the suburbs, which were still a long trek from the town down a two lane dual carriageway, it was just about getting light. 
There had been no walking dead behind him for some time now so he decided to stop and take stock. He had holstered his gun in a rush. Three shots put down the first of them, Jenny’s mother, one more put Jenny down, another one for the lock, and one last one for the monster that got too close as he made his escape. The Desert Eagle held 10 rounds. That left four bullets. He unclipped his side pocket and changed the magazine just in case. There were still a few shots left in the first one but he needed a better chance if he had to face a bigger group of them. He put the old one in his other pocket, no sense being wasteful, and again took a tight grip on the handle bar. 
He could see a few houses from the roadside. He could see through the window of the closest one. The light was still on in the top floor room and the two characters beyond the glass were illuminated as dark silhouettes against the closed but thin curtains. He couldn’t hear screaming, but he could just about make out the jaw dropping on the one that was visibly backing away from the other. 
The other, a taller and bulkier frame, shuffled towards its victim in the same dull and uncoordinated way the others did. He instinctively reached for his gun. But it was too clumsy a weapon. Too brutal. He might have been able to make that shot a lifetime ago. In another time he might have been brave enough, or fool hardy enough, to have tried. Maybe a well-placed hit could slam right through the glass and hit the awoken creature in the back or something. 
That might buy the other poor soul a moment to flee. He closed his eyes, breathed deeply, and holstered his gun. He looked away, to the road beneath his wheels, and pressed on. He could just about make out the muffled scream and couldn’t help but to picture the violent and bloody scene as the person behind the drapes was mauled by their, presumably, own family member. 
He pressed on into the morning sun. He hated himself for that. How could he have just cycled away and left them to die? Why did he let the other survivors from the library go? He should have kept them close and tried to get them back to WDC with him. He pushed hard on the peddles and it made the tops of his thighs burn in agony. He couldn’t even remember the last time he had ridden a bike. It might have even have been so long ago that it was in the back yard of his family’s farm back home in Kentucky. 
The surface of the road scrubbed against the brittle tires and caused a gentle rumbling noise as he powered through the last of the miles. The car journey had been much more enjoyable. He so hopped those young kids had made it to somewhere safe. He let them go in a fit of impatience and to satisfy his own curiosity. He had been far too distracted, perhaps justifiably, by the fact the dead had begun to rise. 
He liked the thought that they had made it to an unoccupied cave somewhere in Scotland but it was more like a fantasy. He rounded the last corner of his journey with a loud screeching protest from the front tire of his bike, and freewheeled back into the air field. Those police from before had gone. All of their cars were gone too. The control tower looked deserted and all that was left was the same Herculean transport plane. 
The engines were already burning and it was ready to fly. The police had probably been called out to deal with outbreaks all over the area. Logan hoped they knew what they were in for. He jumped off his stolen bike and threw it unsympathetically, ungratefully, against the grass. It hit the soggy ground with a soppy thud and the handle bar became instantly stuck in the mud. 
The wheel at the back continued turning with a creak as he walked away. He was panting for breath, trying to get a hold of his heart rate, and had even broken a sweat. He made straight for the plane, holding up his hands over his face to protect himself from the whirling blowback from the powerful engines, and climbed up the already lowered ramp. 
As the plane flew to its destination Logan had time to think. Maybe a little too much. There was only the pilot and the co-pilot left. All of the supplies had gone and the back of the plane was hollowed out to the size of most people’s homes. 
He paced the metal floor, the images of the survivors in the library, the shot that pierced Jenny’s head and turned her skull to shrapnel, all raced through his mind. Those as well as the guilty thoughts of having left that frightened person in the house by the road and not trying to help. He played that back again and again. He kept his arms folded and was always pacing. 
He hadn’t shot just in case he hit the living and not the dead. He hadn’t fired because he might have missed again and again. It was because he had been out of practice for such a long time and the heavy guns had not become natural again. He hadn’t shot in case the sound just attracted more in hiding to the survivor’s location. Then they would have been ripped apart by a herd and not just bitten by one of them. 
He tried to justify what he had done but none of that mattered though! He hadn’t tried. He hadn’t even tried to get to the house from the roadside. He could have leapt the fence, rolled over the hedges, and tried to bash the door. For that matter, it might even have been open. He could have made a lot of noise and tried to become the target and make the other person safe. But he hadn’t. He had made bad choices in the past. Everyone had and everyone lived by them. He retired for that. He retired for an easier life. To step down from the constant worry and wrought feelings. 
He had been wrong to. He was capable. Able. And every man with the capability has an equal weight of responsibility. Another man would have fled because he was frightened and terrorized. A frightened and less capable man could have been forgiven. But Logan was strong and he wasn’t afraid. Because he can do more than the average man means that he must. He had walked away from that when he retired, then again when he let the library survivors go alone, then again when he pushed on to meet the plane. He had failed. 
The guilt burned out quickly and paved the way for rage. He started belting the metal wall of the plane with his crunched fists. Slam after slam the punches echoed around the cavernous space. He started kicking and swinging harder and harder at the metal. He knew there was no point. But he wanted to hurt himself. He wanted each blow to hurt his fists and tremble though his bones, vibrate up and down his spine, and throb for hours after all his energy was gone. He wanted someone to just punch him clean out for walking away from who he used to be. Who he was supposed to be! 
Chapter Seven
The Nuclear Solution 
The video that Logan had sent to Abraham went viral in less than a day. The first reported case of the dead rising had been captured on video for the world to see. At least what had been left of it. The flu had killed millions already. Thousands upon thousands were buried in mass graves along the countries of the world. Hundreds washed up on every beach, of every shoreline, at every tide. 
And suddenly they had started to walk. They had started to hunt the last of the surviving humans, hungry for fresh untainted flesh. The virus had a new way to spread. The airborne version had reached its peak and infected all that had been possible. Bacteria in the mouth of the walking carrier became the new method of transmission. There was no more need for the rabies like character or even the flu at all. The virus acted faster than ever as it took a new stage in its mutation, making those symptoms redundant, and those methods of transmission useless. 
In the first few hours of the video being posted to the web, some people called Logan an information terrorist and condemned him for faking the whole thing. That kind of reaction could be forgiven, given what the video demanded people to believe. The images spread through the internet like a plague of its own. 
Irony would have it, but that became the last episode of the digital age. It didn’t take long at all for the technology to collapse, before the power went down, and the monsters weren’t just images on a TV or phone screen. They, instead, were crashing through the windows and through the doors of those in hiding and those trying to get on with life regardless. 
They were chasing people down the streets and through the woods. They tore through the world like they did the flesh of their victims. It was like wildfire. It took only a week for the army to fall into disarray. The United States Army anyway. They suffered desertion, suicide, group suicide, and lost hundreds and hundreds every day as they fought to contain the armies of the dead. 
They had no battle plan, no organization, and little leadership. The book had been thrown out of the window the second the first flu victim arose from death. The armies of the world weren’t fighting a traditional, human, enemy. Just a never ending stream of walking corpses that clogged any war machine put in its place. 
A missile could destroy a group of them but there were always more. A tank could stand up to them with brute force. But the monsters could throw themselves into their tracks with no hesitation. Sure enough the tank could turn one of them into a bloody soup with its sharp rotating tracks. But not seven, or ten, or thirty, all slamming against it at once. That was enough to jam it and burn out the motor. 
No amount of bullets could stop the never ending stream and no amount of discipline could keep a soldier standing and fighting when Hell rose up from beneath the Earth to hunt, and eat, all that they held close. No man could shoot his turned children. No wife her turned husband. 
Logan had fled back to Alaska and the WDC after the initial outbreak in England. The virus, once an obscure flu crossed with Rabies, had reacted the same way everywhere else and had evolved across the same lines throughout the world. Every nation on Earth, from that first day when the dead stood to walk, started reporting identical incidents. 
When he had left for England the first cases of flu had been reported in New York City. But there the outbreak had been different. It had been fast. It hadn’t been the same creeping death of a fast burning flu that killed mercilessly. Once the first fatalities were reported the victims had awoken quickly and began tearing at the flesh of the living.
Logan and Abraham had been researching tirelessly for a solution ever since. Hidden away in the snow covered lab far away from civilization. There was no precedent for it though so their efforts had come to nothing. Nothing ever before seen in the history of the Earth had been anything like it. They decided to take a break and left the stifling air of the lab and made for the roof for some cold reflection. 
Abraham knew Logan was fuming but couldn’t get it out of him why. Conversation with him had become difficult and Abraham could sense Logan wanted to get back into the world. 
‘As much as I hate to say this General, I think we need to switch our tactics.’ Abraham was wrapped up in a thick white coat. He gripped a warm cup of coffee, made from frozen beans, tightly in his palms. He slurped the bitter liquid between his thin, cracked lips with an irritating gargle. 
He had his hood up and looked like a polar bear. He had thick boots on and warm black gloves too. He was staring into the sunset on the roof of the WDC complex in Alaska. It had been three weeks since Logan returned from England. He had been distant, though thoughtful, since returning. He had never opened up to Abraham about how he felt guilty and how he thought he had let himself, and everyone who could have counted on him, down. 
But his rage burning inside was transparent. His responses were short and his voice was lowered an octave. He was angry even in the way he walked. A longer stride and tensed muscles all over his body. He gritted his teeth and tightened his chin to hold back an outburst but he was furious inside.
‘Why?’ He was pacing the rooftop with his hands on his hips. His thumbs were tucked under his belt and he brushed them, every few seconds, past the barrels of his guns. He had been keeping his guns close since he returned from England. He had found a big and heavy leather jacket in his old office that was brown in color and fake fur lined. He couldn’t remember having ever worn it but it still had gold stars sewn into the shoulders. He had it zipped and buttoned it right to the top but had nothing else to protect himself from the piercing cold.
‘The virus.’ Abraham began. The General stopped to glance at him but quickly turned back to walking from one end of the roof and impatiently back to the other. 
‘I can’t stop it.’ Abraham admitted. He was relieved and felt liberated of the weight of the task in admitting that it had him beaten. Logan was in no mood to reply so Abraham filled the silence with his own thoughts. He liked Logan, looked up to him, and quickly considered him a friend.
‘We’ve spent days now trying to figure out the virus, find an anti-virus, and put an end to it and it has us beat. We need to get on the defensive and think about containment.’ Logan remembered that the Doctor was not only one of the world’s foremost experts on biological warfare but was also an expert in disaster management and containment. Maybe he had a point. He broke his ritualistic silence and decided to entertain Abraham. 
‘The virus is everywhere. How do we contain something like that?’ Logan stopped walking, tightened the muscles around his shoulders, and turned to face the sunset by Abraham’s side. He watched as the vapor from his breath tumbled up into the air and watched it as it dispersed slowly. 
‘Does that mean we don’t try?’ Abraham didn’t get angry at Logan’s hostility. For all anyone could tell, they might be the last two people left on the Earth, stood right there on that spot and wondering about how to save the world that had already died. Logan didn’t respond for just a moment. It was that last question. Does it mean that they stop trying? 
That was exactly why he was angry at himself. Because he had stopped trying back in England. Right then he realized why he came back from retirement. He immediately remembered one of his core beliefs, one that had driven him through his entire life as he could remember it. Just because the odds are stacked high against you doesn’t mean that you stop trying. Just because they were faced with fighting a losing battle didn’t mean they didn’t fight anyway. 
Logan thought hard about the world beyond the lab and hoped this would give him a chance to get back into it. He felt useless, redundant, and utterly outmatched by Abraham’s intellect. He was a far better scientist and had a much sharper mind for medicine. Logan was better suited to the outside world. Only there could he begin to assuage his throbbing guilty conscience. He rose to that idea. 
‘It has to be New York then.’ He re-introduced himself back into the conversation. 
‘What?’ Abraham had all but forgotten what he said. ‘Why?’ 
‘We should try to contain New York because it’s the most hopeless case. The outbreak there occurred as the virus mutated and the dead started rising.’ Logan relaxed a little and his harsh voice softened as he finished his sentence. 
He was sincere though. They had watched the whole thing happen through the screens of those monitors down in the lab. The news stations there had stayed online for a while, and had broadcast scenes of violence and horror through the airwaves, of the lethal outbreak that New York had experienced. They had watched their real time map constantly update as New York slowly went dark and stopped responding to any radio traffic. Logan had been infuriated the whole time. He wanted so badly to just get back on the ground and try to save people. But Abraham had insisted they just try to solve it from above a microscope.
Abraham was far too intelligent to not sense Logan‘s intentions. He didn‘t know details but for the sake of their fledgling friendship he entertained the idea. 
‘New York is enormous, Logan, how can we even begin to lock it down and the start saving anyone who might have made it this long?’ The sun had just about slipped below the icy horizon at this point in their meeting. It shimmered along the white coast and glared into the night sky as a last few moments of light embers scattered across the snowfields. 
‘That’s why we have to go there. It is the most hopeless fight we have left. Even if it’s just for the sake of hope, and letting the world know that there still is some, then New York has to be the target.’ His impassioned speech awoke them both from their states of depression and hopelessness. Abraham raised an eyebrow and opened his mouth to start talking. 
‘We blow the bridges, from the air, that connect Long Island to the rest of the city. We sink depth charges into the Hudson River to take out the tunnels and cut off the island. Any survivors on the other side of those bridges would flee not to the city but away from it anyway so collateral damage will be minimal if not zero. Then we erect a containment curtain and screen any survivors who pass by at the connecting freeways out of the city to the north.’ Abraham hashed out a pretty decent plan off the top of his head. It would need work to perfect it but it had every chance of working if they got help. 
‘Where exactly do we stand with survivors in the military community?’ Logan asked as they both turned back to the open door that led back downstairs. Even from up on the roof and so far away from civilization they could see the cities in the distance starting to burn. It seemed that nowhere was left untouched and no land was sacred. It made both of them wonder how the other nations of the Earth were dealing with the outbreaks. 
Once they were back inside they made their way down the unlit stairs and screeching old cargo elevator, down to the last basement level and into the Doctor’s lab. He still insisted on them wearing white coats and going through the containment air lock to prevent any cross contamination. Thankfully he had stopped asking that they both wore masks. 
Abraham sat down at his usual bench and started examining a nearby computer screen. 
‘We still have a feed into Washington. Even though the President, Vice President and most of the staff at the White House are now shuffling across the lawn… I think most of the Joint Chiefs are still alive. We also have communication with a mechanized army unit outside of New York. They just pinged up on the radio too. They must be the last of the organized military by now.’ The Joint Chiefs were the most senior members of their respective armed forces. Four Star Generals or Admirals every one of them. Logan knew most of them. One of them he would even call a friend. Why had he not thought to contact him before? That was who they needed to call. 
Lieutenant General John Cygan. Chief in charge of the United States Air Force and advisor to the President. He was the man who had recruited the then only Doctor James Logan into the WDC. 
He was a forceful man to say the least. He was hard on his people and even harder on the ones he respected the most. He was brutish, demanding and impolite. Logan remembered that he had harsh wrinkled lines all over his face, a good twenty years his senior, and was covered in scars. 
He had cold eyes and anyone who talked to him felt like they were under a powerful microscope. Every move was assessed and every word spoken was stored in the General’s fantastic memory for use later. He was manipulative at best and downright shrewd at worst. But he had a good heart under his viscous armor and despite all of his flaws he was Logan’s friend. Logan was sure General Cygan could help. 
Abraham called the General in Washington, thank goodness the military lines were still up and the satellite phones were still working, and patched the video feed onto the main monitor. 
He downgraded the then much out of date map of the world and the infection to a smaller monitor. They had no idea how far it had spread so there was no point in pretending. In a few seconds time the image flickered up and the General’s withered and old face appeared. He stood bolt upright in what looked like the President’s Oval office. It was obviously a bunker, perhaps housing some of the original furniture, but it was far out of the reach of the marauding dead. 
He was stubbornly in full uniform despite the circumstances. He had pressed his uniform neatly and his impressive collection of medal’s hung proudly from his shoulder. The last time Logan had seen him he had long grey hair. He had since shaved his head. He looked even more intense now. His wrinkled complexion extended to his bony head. 
‘Brigadier General James Logan?’ Cygan said in an old and shaken voice. He had a heavy east Texan accent ‘Who the Hell thought it was a good idea to bring you back?’ Anyone who hadn’t known the old man for a long time would not have been able to see the joke behind his hostility. He continued with his rant. 
‘Shouldn’t you be lying on a beach somewhere pretending the world suddenly became a rosy bed of pretty flowers?’ He continued jesting his old friend. Logan got sick pretty fast. 
‘Speaking of retirement. Aren’t you long overdue?’ Logan matched Cygan’s stern face and bolt upright posture. They stared at each other for about a minute via the satellite hookup. One of them would crack soon. Cygan smiled a frail smile and even pushed a laugh. 
‘Are you the last left?’ Logan cracked a smile but resisted the urge to laugh as well. 
‘Unless you want to speak to the President? She’s out on the lawn with the rest of her dumb-fuck advisors.’ He jerked his head back in the general direction of the garden. The thought of the President dead made both Logan and Abraham shiver a little but they didn’t let it show. 
‘So what do you call them?’ Cygan asked, battling through their silence, and he was genuinely interested too. 
‘What?’ Logan recoiled in surprise. ‘The victim’s you mean?’ 
‘I’ve heard all sorts now. I’ve been calling them “shufflers” or “the British”; dull as steak pie and most of them too drunk off their asses to stand up right. I’ve heard them getting called “walkers” and “biters”. My favorite though is “Reggie”. That’s what the army boys and the marines are using as a call sign over the radios. They said it stood for “Hell’s rejects”.’ This was an odd conversation opener but Logan had a feeling where it was going. 
‘Just “the dead” I guess or something along those lines. I’d not really thought about it.’ Cygan hit back quickly but avoided interrupting him. 
‘When is everyone going to stop pretending and start calling them “Zombies”?’ Logan had no answer. And the following silence confirmed that neither of them did. Maybe it was the last reality that no one could face. Maybe if they used that word they would have to start letting go of everything they thought possible and plausible. Maybe that was one last leap that nobody left alive was willing to take yet. 
‘So what can I possibly help you with at the extinction point of the human race?’ Cygan broke the moment of silenced reflection. 
‘I want to take back New York.’ Logan stated in a very matter of fact way. Like it would be easy. Abraham carried the thought. 
‘We have an idea to erect a containment fence and put out an emergency broadcast for survivors to get out of the city…’ Abraham intervened but was quickly interrupted. 
‘Don’t be foolish kid.’ Kid? Logan hadn’t been called that in a very long time. Cygan still saw his old prodigy. The twenty something newly qualified Doctor. 
‘Think bigger for crying out loud! We can’t stop this by saving a few rats hiding in the subways of New York. We have to cut out the enemy’s heart. We have to burn them in the streets. I’ve had massive success dropping Napalm in Washington with an eighty percent kill ratio.’ What the Hell had he been thinking? 
This wasn’t Vietnam and they weren’t fighting an enemy afraid of fire. They couldn’t just burn the whole surface of the world and hope that would be enough. One would always be still left. One would always make it through the net of fire and that one is all it would take to infect another hundred or more. This was a General who had earned his stripes in the jungles against the Vietcong. He was from another time and his time had long ago passed. 
‘Napalm?’ Logan shouted and threw up his arms at the Television screen. ‘Are you insane?’ 
‘I’m about to order a bunker buster drop in Michigan for a greater impact.’ He remained unapologetic and motionless. He just didn’t get it. No amount of bombs could save them. There would never be enough to stop the armies of the dead in their tracks. 
‘I don’t believe you!’ Logan screamed at the top of his voice. ‘You think you can blast your way out of this? This isn’t like fighting an enemy with a mind and a thought process. You can’t fight a war of attrition and hope to win against these things. You can’t just keep hammering them and hope that one day you will set off a bomb big enough that it breaks their resolve. They aren’t just going to sign a peace treaty!’ 
‘Then maybe we need to escalate our options. A nuclear strike at the heart of the outbreak will knock out most of the walking dead and therefore greatly reduce the number of carriers. New York might be a good opportunity to test that theory. Once the major population centers have been knocked out the straggler’s can be picked off by what is left of the military.’ Cygan’s resolution was blind and unintelligent.
It reminded Logan of how Hitler, in the last days of the Second World War, would move troops around on a map completely failing to believe that the troops were long dead or had surrendered. He was blinded by the reality he faced in certain defeat and that was also true of General Cygan.
‘You’re bluffing!’ Logan grabbed at the first straw he could think of. To hope that Cygan was hiding behind a lie. ‘What ability do you have to launch a nuke?’
‘I’m in contact with a Nuclear Class Submarine, the commander takes orders from me and supports me in every way.’ 
‘It was always only a matter of time before some unimaginative, pumped up war monger started throwing nuclear bombs around but I never thought that would be you!’ Logan screamed again pointing his finger accusingly at Cygan. 
‘Remember your station Logan!’ Cygan broke his cool for the first time and barked his subordinate down. Logan wasn’t going to give up though. 
‘Commanding officer or not you’re wrong about this!’ Logan continued shouting. Cygan relented first. 
‘For old time’s sake, and for old time’s sake only, I’ll give you three days to get inside New York and gather up any survivors you can. I’ll even help you put up a containment ring. I have a few divisions of army grunts with no one else to take orders from. Then I’m putting an end to it.’ Cygan cut the connection and left Logan fuming half a world away. 
The old General obviously still had some clout and had command of a fair few men by the sounds of it. He also had the ability to launch a nuclear attack. That put Logan to shame. All he had was Abraham. Cygan had him outnumbered and outmatched but he had offered to help set up the containment field. He would provide the air support they needed to take out the bridges and tunnels too. He would provide the men to help erect a containment net but, Logan was sure, he wouldn’t relent in his decision to burn the city to the ground. 
Chapter Eight
The Epic of Gilgamesh 
They had cooked their robust meal with a fire they built in her sink out of some old pillows and books. They had just begun to eat and had gone to sit down on the couch when Logan found her radio by the window. 
He immediately tuned it to the emergency frequency. He should have been hearing Abraham’s voice, supplying a message on a continuous loop, instructing all who heard it to make for the screening net that had been set up in the small town of Valhalla to the north. Instead he was met with the rants and raves of a crazed New Yorker. 
‘When Ishtar heard this , in a fury she went up to the heavens, going to Anu, her father, and crying, going to Anrum, her mother, and weeping: “Father, Gilgamesh has recounted despicable deeds about me, despicable deeds and curses!” Anu addressed Princess Ishtar, saying: “What is the meaning of this? Was it not you who provoked king Gilgamesh? So Gilgamesh recounted despicable deeds about you, despicable deeds and curses?” Ishtar then spoke to her father, Anu, saying: “Father give me the bull of heaven so he can kill Gilgamesh in his dwelling. If you do not give me the bull of heaven I will smash open the Gates of the Netherworld, I will smash the door posts, and leave the doors flat down, and will let the dead go up and eat the living.”’ 
Logan and Elizabeth sat in silence and listened to the pirate broadcast from the scratchy sounding tiny radio she owned. They ate from bowls that she had washed with some of her stored up water. She had figured out by now, even though Logan had not really said anything, that they were going to be leaving the city first light.
There was no need for her supplies. They would only take as much as they could carry anyway. The bread, though stale, was flavored with nuts, seeds and a few currents. It was a lot nicer than it looked. The soup was ok too. She was a little on the thin side herself but even Logan needed a damn good meal. 
He had picked and scraped at rations over the last few weeks as he sat angrily trying to figure out the virus in the Alaskan lab. The provisions at WDC had dwindled too. He couldn’t remember the last time that he had sat down to a cooked meal. For that he was hugely grateful. They continued listening.
‘The epic of Gilgamesh is a much longer story about heroes and friendships. It isn’t just about the ability the Princess claimed to have to tear down the posts of the underworld and let the dead rise. It is about love and friendship too. It focuses on our central character, Gilgamesh, who was a God-King in ancient Sumer and Mesopotamia. The story starts with a man who would become his friend. He was called Enkidu. He was a wild man living in the forest with beasts at the beginning of our story. He is sent a prostitute to sleep with him and thus bring him into the modern world of man. He sleeps with her and comes into the kingdom of Uruk where we meet the main protagonist, Gilgamesh. Gilgamesh is a tyrant at first, killing as he pleases, raping as he wishes and works his subjects to the bone and into the grave, building his majestic temples and ziggurats. Enkidu saves Gilgamesh from this kind of life by fighting him. They eventually become friends and go on adventures together. When they returned from one of those great quests the Sumerian Goddess of love, Ishtar, falls head over heels in love with Gilgamesh. Basically, the short version of the story is that she is rejected and enraged. A woman scorned asked Daddy for great power, the bull of heaven, so that she could kill Gilgamesh.’ 
The presenter of the jacked radio station hadn’t said his name yet or mentioned anything about where he was. He just started his pod cast, as it were, with a few oddly disturbing glimpses into his psyche. He believed the dead were starting to walk to teach humanity for the wrong things that had happened. Human’s had lost their way and he was so sure of it he wanted the whole damn world to know his opinionated rants. He was quoting some ancient myth as some sort of proof for whatever half baked theory he had come up with.
‘The two heroes of the story eventually kill the Bull despite the power the thing seems to have had. Obviously it isn’t a literal bull. Maybe something coded into the myth that was in reality an otherworldly weapon. Or maybe a narrative tool to demonstrate a plague like the one we faced not too long ago. The flu that came before the swarms of living dead. What do you, the listener, think that this all means? I’ll tell you what I think. We could read the text as a literal truth but that would be silly I think. There might have been a Gilgamesh and there might have been a kingdom called Uruk once, in the ancient world of Sumer that is now buried under Iraq and the bombs our own country dropped, and there might have been a Goddess of love called Ishtar. But I think we need to look deeper than that. This more than likely isn’t a literal tale but a warning about greed, jealousy and lust. The fateful Goddess of love was driven by her desire for Gilgamesh to destroy half a kingdom because of the supposed lies he had told about her. Maybe she failed then all those thousands of years ago but we see the same monsters in our Western World. The tabloids obsessed with scanty clad celebrities dancing provocatively. Gilgamesh is a story of greed and power and because we haven’t learned anything from our ancients we fall victim to the fate they avoided. The princess may have been stopped from unleashing her power all those thousands of years ago but now she has smashed down the gates of Hell, now she has smashed the posts that hold the dead in their graves and now she has let the world die in the wake of her revenge!” 
Logan smiled while staring at the last of the soup and a few floating sausages that he couldn’t handle. The smells of the spices in the soup warmed and cleared his nostrils. His rant was unfocused. Not well researched and hollow to the first poke. The pod cast on the pirate radio frequency silenced for just a moment. She saw him smile out of the corner of her eye. For a seasoned General, especially one in his position, it was easy to laugh and scoff at the pirate pod cast. She, even though a very small part of her was being drawn in by the rant, acted like she was as in the wise as Logan. 
‘You should have heard his last one.’ She put on a fake smile and tried to start a conversation. She was secretly hoping, however, that Logan would share his thoughts with her and that they would make her feel better. Being cooped up inside with nothing to do, four walls to stare at, and only the radio to listen to played tricks with her mind. It was easy to begin believing the sorts of things the pod cast said and difficult to break the thought pattern once she was caught in it. 
Elizabeth had given up eating a while ago and was guzzling pint after pint of water. No more need to save it. She was wrapped in her coat, a woolen blanket, and then a washed duvet as her final layer. The cold was becoming more and more bitter as the night went on. No heating and no power meant staying warm was difficult. Logan hadn’t resorted to more layers yet. All those years in Alaska as commander of WDC had hardened his skin to the cold and he felt it a lot less than most. 
‘Why?’ Logan entertained her. She was curled up as tight as she could get on the couch beside him. Her eyes looked heavy. 
‘He was talking about the Haitian Witch Doctors who were supposed to have had the power to raise the dead as servants. Voodoo powers, you know? I think he might have been leading up to this episode of his rant though because he eventually concluded that it couldn’t be Voodoo at work. He said the dead weren’t serving anyone. Just eating them.’ She looked spooked. Logan could sense that maybe she had bought into some of it. Her sadness looked deeper than her inner child needing a little reassurance though. 
‘What is it?’ Logan asked her kindly as she stared into the radio speaker, waiting for the next chapter in the rant. ‘Look if you need to talk about what happened before its ok? We can just turn this off if you want?’ He reached for the power button but she stopped him with a quick tug at his sleeve. Logan was uneasy to bring it up and she was just as bad listening to him. She shrugged it off. 
‘No!’ She exclaimed but immediately calmed down. ‘Thanks though…’ She paused. ‘He was my neighbor though. That guy from before. He was a nice guy before all of this. People do all kinds of things when they get scared like this. It isn’t just terror it’s primal. I think it brings all sorts out of people.’ She looked him square in the eyes, held his gaze, and smiled a long smile. 
How remarkable? She really did have love in her even for her enemies. But someone’s friend before the onslaught of the dead could easily be an enemy after. They were not fellow survivors but competitors to survive. And that was why everything primal oozed out. 
‘I’m sorry if you thought I was a little rough with him.’ She shook her head instantly, still smiling, and propped her neck up with her free hand. 
‘It’s really ok. Every night he would be banging on my door begging me to let him in. He would howl through his window to attract as many of them as possible and promised that if I had sex with him he would stop…’ She stopped as her eyes started to glisten with the first sign of a tear. Logan was speechless but really shouldn’t have been so surprised. 
‘I always said no and just locked myself in my bedroom until he passed out drunk or something. It was like being in an abusive relationship with a man you only used to say “hi” to on the stairs.’ She looked sad and reflective for a moment but quickly snapped out of it. ‘Besides!’ She exclaimed ‘This guy is freaking me out tonight!’ She rapidly changed the topic. 
She had said her peace about her brush with a rapist and Logan knew instinctively not to push her for any more details. That part of her life was over now anyway but he couldn’t help to feel sorry for her. He decided that it would be best to further indulge the childish plea for help. He sensed she was struggling with the concept of what the walking infection was, and the radio was starting to fuel a dark, childish and paranoid mind set. It was easy for him to know what it was. He had studied it for weeks and he was the first man to see the dead walk. He tapped his radio with a pointed finger. 
‘That guy I was talking to on the radio before?’ Logan asked. She nodded remembering the conversation he had with Doctor Priest. 
‘He loves the ancient world and stuff like that. I bet he’s listening to this fabricated crap and tearing his hair out.’ Logan’s comment couldn’t have been better timed. 
‘That isn’t what the story of Gilgamesh is about at all.’ The voice wasn’t the original presenter. The unnamed and self-righteous sack hurling out unfounded theories from before. Logan smiled and waited for it. It was Abraham’s voice. He had obviously cracked the pirate radio and somehow regained control of the frequency. This was supposed to be a dedicated radio channel for evacuation procedure after all. He waited eagerly for his friend to tear the guy apart. 
“You are right not to take it literally but the story of Gilgamesh is about self-discovery and ultimately about life and death. Enkidu becomes ill and dies as a punishment from the God’s for killing the Bull of Heaven. Gilgamesh mourns his much loved friend and eventually goes on another quest to find Utnapishtim, who is the equivalent to Noah in the Hebrew scriptures, the sole survivor of a great flood.’
‘He wants to know about mortality and how to live forever. In the Sumer version of the great deluge, the great flood, Utnapishtim is given eternal life and Gilgamesh wants that for himself after suffering the loss of his friend and thus being confronted with his own mortality. Utnapishtim tells him that the God’s had decided to never again flood the Earth and Gilgamesh returns to his homeland in the knowledge that, even though he will not live on, human kind will. And he is satisfied and empowered by this.’
‘The Bull of Heaven is more than likely a reference to the star constellation of Taurus. In some myths of the ancient world they would encode the date of the story into the fabric of the myth itself. The constellations pass across the sky so very slowly that it acts as a sort of universe clock. If you know anything about the progression of the equinoxes then you can ping the date of the myth fairly easily. I strongly suspect that the power of Ishtar to break down the door of Hell and let the dead out is used as purely a narrative device.’
‘What we are facing, in reality, is a virus. A sickness. It isn’t the wrath of God or ancient magic. We need to save as many people as possible until we can figure this out. There are more survivors out there and there are instillations like ours, the Weaponised Disease Control in Alaska, that are working tirelessly to contain and counter the virus.’ 
The Doctor went silent. Whether the presenter of the pirate station could reply or not didn’t matter. He either couldn’t or didn’t. In a few seconds the automated voice was back on the air. It made Elizabeth feel a lot better though she didn’t share that with Logan. She was trying so hard to impress him and not look stupid. 
“This is Doctor Abraham Priest of the Weaponised Disease Control. New York has been placed under quarantine and a screening net has been placed to the North of the City. All survivors must break away from their dwellings, travel only in the light of day, and make their way North. The cold will be bitter and the journey not easy. Food, medicine, and what safety we can offer lies ahead.” 
The message just kept playing in a loop so Elizabeth got up and turned it off. Her blanket slumped to the floor and she started to shiver. Even Logan was getting cold as the hours drew on. He made it eleven in the evening by his wrist watch. He was planning on making for the containment net at 0600 the next morning and would try to gather what survivors he could along the way. 
Elizabeth started jumping around on the spot and flapping her arms to stay warm. Logan grabbed her immediately by the shoulders. She smiled and blushed quickly thinking that he was getting up to cuddle her and comfort her. His stern face killed that thought, and even though he looked right into her eyes, he wasn‘t focusing on them. 
He had heard something in the hall. Elizabeth stood glued to the spot as Logan pressed his finger to his lips. That let her know that she had to be as silent as possible. She only had the chain across the door and a few extra bolts. It was a big heavy door to begin with and she had not seen any need to try and ram anything in front of it. 
She relied on staying silent and thinking fast to stay alive. Logan silently un-holstered his guns, both of them for the first time, and made his way to the door. He was walking in a crouched position and pressed his heel down first, followed by the rest of his foot. That was how he had been trained to sneak up on someone. It made the least noise. He peered through the peep hole to see one of the dead staring back at him. 
It was a woman. Dressed only in her loose nightgown. That same vacant stare in her glazed, milky grey eyes. It couldn’t see him through the glass of the peep hole but it was like she could sense there was someone alive in the room. She wasn’t howling like the ones back in England. She was just staring loosely into nothing.
 Logan was starting to think of ways to draw the thing away. He could climb out of the window without anyone seeing him now that it was dark. He could shuffle across to the next window as long as his feet didn’t slip on the frozen window mantle.
 Then he could climb into the apartment next door and run down the hall making as much noise as possible… In the end he didn’t need to. That man from before, her neighbor who had tried for so long to rape her, he stirred just at the wrong time. The door down the hall creaked open and he shuffled out still whimpering in pain. He had cracked his jaw back into place and had done the same with his wrist. He had wrapped some old clothes around it to help the brake heal. 
He had pulled some jeans on too, ones that didn’t fit him too well, and had wrapped a big towel round his middle for the pain of his broken ribs. He was bent down to one side and hadn’t seen the creature yet. It had seen him though. It wailed a high pitch shriek and turned on the spot. It looked possessed as it started shuffling towards the already handicapped man. He started to panic and Logan could just about see him fall at the extent of his vision through the distorted glass. He gritted his teeth. 
‘What is it?’ Elizabeth had gotten as close as she could and pulled on his shoulder so that she could whisper in his ear. Logan didn’t answer. He just reached for the bolt at the side of the door. He started unfastening it and then turned the lock. It clicked but the animal outside was still too focused on her meal to have heard it. The man was still whimpering and panicking in the distance. The zombie still groaning and shuffling forward. 
‘No! Please?’ The rapist started crying and pleading. He could have let him die. He probably should do too. But that image of the victim through the window back in the North of England was still burned to the back of Logan’s eyes. So was the heavy guilt he felt because he let those other survivors go instead of keeping them with him so that they could be safe. Even though this man had tried to rape his new friend didn’t mean Logan had the power to decide he should die. 
Because he could do something, that meant he needed to. Elizabeth froze to the spot. She thought about pulling back on his arm but decided not to. She was half his size and couldn’t physically stop him. But it was more than that. She trusted him. She trusted him to keep her safe and knew that he would not let anything happen to her. She also hadn’t the heart to listen to her neighbor get eaten alive. 
Logan slipped the door open and stepped out. He closed it immediately. The rapist cast Logan a pleading look. But it was one without hope. Never would he think the man who had just kicked the life out of him would come back to help him. Logan retained his low stance and stealthy footwork so he could sneak up on the shuffling zombie. After a few paces he had caught up. He holstered the guns. They would be too messy and make far too much noise. 
He stood bolt upright right behind the woman turned walker and reached around her neck. He carefully but very quickly tightened his grip and twisted with every bit of strength he had. An intense snap echoed through the hall. The groaning stopped and her already lifeless body went immediately limp. It slumped to the carpet with a soft thud but her mouth still motioned up and down. She was still trying to bite even though her neck was snapped clean through. Maybe it had to be the brain… 
‘Here!’ The man, still on the floor where he had fallen, unclipped his hunting knife from around his belt and tossed it to Logan. 
‘Drive it through her skull.’ He coughed again and again with trickles of blood splattering around his mouth and over the cream colored carpet. Logan took the knife and didn’t hesitate. He pushed the tip of the blade through her left eye and instantaneously her body stopped twitching and her mouth clamped closed. 
Logan still had his teeth gritted and his muscles tensed across his chest and back. He strode over the zombie on the floor and towards the rapist. 
‘Thanks…’ He began. He picked himself up from the floor with more gasps for breath. ‘I didn’t think…’ Logan didn’t let him finish. 
‘Don’t let me ever see you again. Because I just used up every drop of forgiveness I have!’ The man just nodded and started to cry. Maybe he had just had that moment of clarity. Maybe he just remembered who he was before all of this. He turned and walked towards the stairway. Logan had no idea where he was going to go but didn’t care. He had meant what he said. 
‘Tell Lizzie I’m sorry.’ He whispered and slumped through the door. 
Logan turned to make his way back to the flat but was stopped by another four of the things that had somehow managed to hear the commotion. He couldn’t lead them back to Elizabeth. That idea he had about climbing through the windows might need testing after all! 
He watched as they each shuffled an inch closer, arms spread wide ahead of them, and groaning too. He saw Elizabeth open the door. She had a gun in her hand. A small 9 millimeter berretta, a police standard issue, against that his Desert Eagles looked like cannons. He shook his head frantically at her through the small crowd of zombies. She looked at him pleadingly. She wanted to help and she certainly didn’t want him to die saving that brute! 
He raised his hand and pointed to his eyes with his fingers then waved in the direction of the open flat door. The one where he had stuffed the rapist before. He mimed the words “close the door” so she reluctantly did. 
He let the things get just a few inches closer, as long as his nerve let him, then bolted for the door to his right. The zombies acted differently when there was a chance of food. They were slow and cumbersome at first but it seemed they got more and more riled up and just a touch quicker as they got closer to the smell of sweating human flesh. They got more agitated as Logan slammed the door. He did that on purpose so that he was the loudest thing on the floor. 
He didn’t lock it. He wanted them to follow him. The window was already open at the far end of the living space. The apartment layout was the same as Elizabeth’s but it was much messier and the former occupants had left in more of a hurry. The window was open and the snow had drifted inside. 
He slid out and reached down to grab the freezing cold ledge just as the monsters came crashing through the door. One lunged forward and fell flat over the table in the middle of the floor. The next made it to the window but fell, uncoordinated, down to the alloy below. Even though that fall had shattered the creature’s legs, Logan could still hear it howling and smashing its teeth together. The next two started crawling towards his still exposed hands on the side of the window ledge and frantically started scraping at his fingers. He trusted all his weight to his right arm and pulled the two creatures through the window, at the same time, with his left hand and sent them plummeting to the ground below. That was the end of them. 
Logan had to tighten his grip and tense his fingers to stay on the small ledge. He tensed his abs and got his wildly swinging legs under control. He was panting for breath but trying to make as little noise as possible. 
There were no balconies or window boxes on this apartment block. It didn’t take a genius to figure out the people who lived there weren’t that wealthy. The windows were close together though and the ledges were on the same level. It was a matter of carefully shimmying from one to the other with as much care and strength as he could manage. 
Once he got up a routine it was ok to do though. He swung his legs over first so his centre of gravity was further away, then slammed down his hand on the next ledge, transferred his weight over and brought his other hand over too. His leather jacket kept getting snagged on the exposed brickwork. The jagged brick scraped at the tough leather but it wasn’t enough to make him fall. 
He repeated that motion and kept going until he reached Elizabeth’s apartment. He made sure to count the windows so he got the right one. She had caught on to his plan. Her head was hanging out of the window of her bedroom ready to pull him in. He pulled hard on the ledge, ran his feet up the outside wall, and threw his momentum forward to slide in. He fell onto her bed in a heap but quickly rolled off and stood. He flapped his arms around and opened and closed his fingers to make a fist in order to get the blood flowing again. 
It was horribly cold still outside and it had taken a huge effort to make that climb. Elizabeth closed the window slowly but firmly and draped over the sheet and nailed it back down with drawing pins. Then she closed the curtains completely. 
She rushed over to him and pulled him tight and close for an unsolicited hug. She was as out of breath as he was. 
‘You must be freezing! I thought you were going to die!’ Her voice shook. It was odd that she cared for him so much so quickly. The General had come into her life with a bang and made her feel safe and comfortable for the first time in a long time. She didn’t want to lose him. 
‘Why did you save him?’ She almost shouted at him right in his face. 
‘I didn’t want his death on my shoulders. I have enough on there to start with.’ He admitted the truth but omitted the reasons why and the severity of the weight he carried.
‘Do you like Elizabeth or Lizzie?’ He darted the conversation away. She was starting to sense that about him. He didn’t like intense emotion-filled conversations. He would rather swing the conversation around to anything a bit more light hearted at the first chance he got. 
‘I don’t know. Liz or Lizzie I get all the time.’ She let him go finally. He hadn’t even held her back but she didn’t care. ‘Either is fine.’ Logan laughed a little, solely for his own benefit. 
‘Good.’ He said. ‘Saying “Elizabeth” was becoming an effort.’ He joked and strode back into the living space. 
‘That was an impressive climb.’ She called back. ‘Not bad at all for an old guy.’ She jested him with a wink. He just sighed and sat back down on the couch. He felt like an old man that was sure enough. 
Lizzie went over to check the door. She had a chair nearby that she wedged up onto the handle to act as a last line of defense. It was securely locked and there were no more of them in the hall. The snow storm looked as though it had picked up again though. She could see the hole where the door had been on that flat Logan had just escaped from. The snow was billowing into the hall and lying on the cold ground. Tonight was going to be a real test. 
‘We should get to sleep.’ She suggested and slumped back down on the couch. She was starting to feel cold again now that the adrenaline had settled. 
‘We need to start pulling out first light. You sleep. I’ll watch.’ He pointed to the door and pulled both Desert Eagles from his belt holsters. He pulled the slide back on each of them to; once again, check that there was a round in each chamber and the safety was on. 
‘You want me to take a watch?’ She offered and stretched her arms into the air. 
‘No. I got it.’ 
Chapter Nine
Lieutenant General John Cygan 
Logan was up first after a sleepless night of watching the windows and doors. He reached immediately for his radio and made a desperate attempt to reach General Cygan. Lizzie awoke to his raised voice. 
“I’m still here! I’ve encountered two survivors already in only one night. We have to give them more time to reach the screening net!” 
“I already have a missile prepped for launch onboard a class one nuclear sub, Logan. This is how this needs to end. The longer you piss around trying to save a whole two people in a city that size we risk the rest of the world! We need to wipe out every carrier before they start leaving the city. Face it son everyone in that city is Reggie food.” 
“Don’t be an idiot! One will always get through!” 
“For you and only for you I’m holding off. You can make it to the screening net in half a day by my calculations.” 
“That isn’t enough time! I can save these people! Help me to do it!” 
“Get your little friends together and hustle kid. I hope you can still run like a jack hammer on meth!” 
“You stupid mother…” 
Cygan hit the cancel on his radio. Logan was livid with him. What did their friendship mean now? He was about to authorize a nuclear strike on New York with Logan still trapped there! 
‘Who was that?’ He hadn’t heard her get up. He had been too busy arguing over the radio. 
‘An old friend.’ Logan answered and started pushing buttons on his field radio. It was only the size of his palm, grey in color, with a brightly lit green LCD display. He was tuning it so he could talk to Abraham. 
‘He doesn’t sound like a friend.’ She was brave and fighting back the fear. She knew what he was talking about. She figured out that the half day was a push to make it out of the kill zone. She hadn’t eaten right for weeks and she hadn’t been for a run in even longer. Chances are she would slow Logan down. He ignored her for the sake of not having an argument. He had found Abraham’s frequency. He needed to talk to him, to vent his anger, and to come up with an exit plan.
“Do you have any contact with that army unit you pinged before?” 
“Yeah, why what do you need?” 
“Immediate evacuation. Cygan won’t listen to me!” 
“Call them on frequency 180.85. They are mechanized I’m sure. They might have a helicopter or maybe a gunship if you are lucky.” 
“Thanks. I need to break off as soon as I can. He hasn’t given much time for us to get the Hell out of here!” 
“Got it. Call me if you need anything at all.” 
‘Get dressed.’ Logan snapped at Lizzie a little unfairly and fastened the radio back into its place. She responded quickly though and started packing instantly. Maybe that was the police officer inside of her coming back out. She hurried back into her bedroom and threw on her old uniform. It was bright blue but stained in a few places with blood. The uniform hugged her frame neatly but was a little loose on her for it be a perfect fit. 
She looked pretty and attractive as the uniform emphasized her peach shaped curves. It still had NYPD in big yellow letters plastered across the back. He remembered to ask her about that sometime later. Maybe she had been caught up in the middle of an outbreak herself. She threw on her coat and rushed back to the small kitchen by the door of her place. She grabbed a satchel bag from a top cupboard in the kitchenette and started cramming bottles of water and a few bars of chocolate inside it. 
She threw it over her shoulder and then raided a draw for a sharp knife and the rest of her ammo for the handgun she had already stuffed down her trousers at her back. She carefully slid the knife behind her tightened belt to her left side. 
‘You’re a lefty then?’ Logan had watched her every move while guzzling as much water as he could from her stash. 
‘Yeah, so?’ She looked down at her waist and patted the knife with her left palm. 
‘I bet you couldn’t throw a rock and hit the ground.’ He glanced at her small and feeble gun. ‘I bet you can’t shoot either?’ He asked and pointed down to her back where the gun was just poking out of her trousers. That was the first mistake he had made in figuring her out. 
There was a picture on the wall behind the sink that he had not seen in the darkness last night. She was holding an impressive Sniper Rifle over her shoulder and had a pair of 45 caliber SOCOM pistols holstered to her belt too. She looked better in that picture. Happier than she looked now. Lots of color and vibrancy in her face and a better fed stomach. She had an even nicer figure. She must have been as fit as a snow leopard. She could probably give Logan one Hell of a run for his money! 
‘State champion twice.’ She gleamed at the chance of being right. Of getting one up on him. Now every shot each of them made was going to be a competition. Who could hit them right between the eyes every time? 
Logan eased over to the door and unlocked it again. The corridor was still clear and he proceeded out. Lizzie took a last look around. The place was about to be vaporized after all. She closed the door behind them and tried to forget about it. The pressure didn’t seem to upset Logan. He had that irritating calmness about him again.
He had that strength and that quality of leadership. He was either fully used to the jeopardy or was bottling all the panic and dread inside so that she would feel safer with him. Or so she figured. They dashed right back to the staircase and bolted for the floor below. He was making for the apartment and then the fire escape that he had used to enter the building. 
He bounced through the door to the next floor. There was a wheelchair down the hall that hadn’t been there last night. He slowly walked up to it. There was blood all over the chair and human entrails all across the floor. But that was all. No body parts or clothes. The zombies must have eaten every single last bit of the poor person. Lizzie almost threw up once she reached the chair too. She fought hard to keep it back. 
‘Come on.’ Logan gestured with his hand to the door at the end of the hall. ‘Let’s go.’ 
He gently pushed the door back open and entered. The smell hit them again and Lizzie started to gag with the shock. She held it together though and followed Logan right through to the back bedroom. She tried not to look at the murdered child wrapped in the bed and followed him through the shattered window. 
The snow had stopped at long last but the sky had not cleared yet. It was still a grayish black and the early morning sun had hardly punched through at all. The air was cold but fresh and it was nice to be outside. They were walking well above street level over frozen snow piled high. The tops of the busses and lorries were all that poked through the top. 
Logan held out his hand and helped Lizzie jump down from the fire escape. He needed to get in touch with the mechanized military unit outside of the city. They had shown up on the radio a few days ago and hadn’t seemed to move since. They were either waiting there for orders or had since dispersed.
‘This is Brigadier General James Logan does anyone copy. Please respond?’ He shouted over his radio. He held it close to his ear and listened with all his concentration for any response. He had already programmed in the new frequency. 
‘I hear you loud and clear General, please state your position. Call sign Hummingbird. Over.’ Hummingbird? That was a colorful call sign for bleak world. 
‘34th street west New York City, Hummingbird, “Reggie” has us surrounded and a rouge General is about to blow us all to Hell with a nuclear strike. I could really use evacuation if you have a bird ready to fly?’ 
‘Say again General Logan. I heard nuclear strike?’ 
‘You hear right Hummingbird.’ 
‘Copy that General all understood. Cygan failed to mention that part to us. I have a bird ready to fly yes sir. Get to a clear space and pop a flare for pickup. ETA (estimated time for arrival) 30 minutes.’ Hummingbird cut the connection and Logan placed his radio back into his pocket. Great! He wanted to shout out in anger and frustration. The radio handler had said “Cygan” in his communication. That meant they at least knew the old man. Logan could only hope they weren’t too loyal to him. 
Lizzie had wandered over to the other side of the street where there was a school bus stuck in the snow. She had dropped down to her knees to peer through the exposed windscreen. There was only a foot or so of glass above the snow level, only just enough to see into. All of the children, teens and middle school age, had all turned. 
They had died in that bus and the virus had brought them back. They were all just sat there staring to the windows blocked by snow. They were in that kind of dormant state. They just looked like they were frozen in time. It looked like they were just riding the bus to school. 
She cried. She couldn’t hold it back. These were kids from her neighborhood. She could have told some of them by the name. She put her hand over her face and rubbed the tears away. She just sobbed into her hand as Logan came over to her. He didn’t ask if she was ok. She just needed to get it out of her system and grieve and he knew that. But she did need to do it quickly and get her head back in the game. 
They had to find a good pick up point and make it for the North as fast as they could. Logan dropped to his knees and peered into the bus by the same window. It wouldn’t matter if he made any noise to stir them, so he wasn‘t careful or even quiet. There was no way for them to get out of their frozen tomb. The snow had frozen solid on every inch of glass and the doors might as well have been welded shut. 
‘Why do they do that?’ Logan asked calmly. He wasn’t looking for an answer, just shooting the question out there. He glanced up to Lizzie. She was trying to fight her emotion back and had started gasping for breath while looking straight up to the sky. She shook her head but couldn’t manage a reply without choking on her own tears. 
‘The way they sit there looking out of the window. They look like they just set off for school.’ She had noticed that too. ‘Is that a memory? Because it’s what they used to do?’ Logan just thought aloud and forgot to mask his intrigue for the sake of her upset feelings. He could be really cold at times. It wasn’t intentional. He just had a hardened heart and could all too easily forget that others did not. Was it possible that something of the person survived inside? 
The thought curdled her blood. The thought that the person might be trapped inside of the body of a decaying zombie. That would be the truest form of Hell on Earth. She was sickened by the thought that someone’s consciousness, their soul, might be trapped inside, only to have to watch their own body decay. To feel themselves forced out of relentless compulsion to feast on the living. She felt her tongue expand in the back of her throat as the thought conjured up a nightmarish sense of fear.
‘I don’t know.’ She spoke slowly and her voice shook as the last tear rolled down her cheek. 
‘Come on. We have to go.’ Logan grabbed her by the shoulder and half pulled her to her feet. He snapped out of his cold stare and remembered what it was like to watch a woman he cared for cry. There wasn’t much left in the world that could melt him like that could. He was a sucker to his own bravado. Logan was going to make for the nearest junction in the iced roads, where there would be a bigger open space, and the helicopter could land.  
The city looked different in the cold light of day. They could see into all of the buildings from their elevated position above the buried street. There were zombies behind every window. Some of them were half dressed in their work clothes, some in suits, and others in overalls. 
It really was like a time capsule. As soon as the virus hit New York it had frozen in a matter of days leaving the zombies in desperation trying to act out their past lives. They looked vacantly out of the windows at the street below. They tried the door handles or they sat at their desks staring at the telephones half expecting them to ring. 
Ahead there were a few of them in the street. At least on the snow atop the street. They were still in that dormant state. Logan could just about see the top of the bus stop sign above the snow line. They were waiting there. Just like they had in their past lives. That was odd. Were they driven by instinct or by memory? The need to feed was primal and had to come from deep and ingrained instinct. But that didn’t explain why they stood there like ghosts with unfinished business. Why did they act like echoes of their past lives? Was it because they turned so quickly? 
Logan pondered the question as they paced through the crunchy snow. The virus destroyed this city in days. People were in shock and awestruck by the pace of it all. That feeling seemed to be ingrained on the zombies too. They acted like a snapshot re-enactment of whatever their last moment of life was spent doing. He wondered if they even realized they were dead. He couldn’t help but feel sorry for them too, not the people they used to be, but the zombies themselves. 
It would only be a matter of time before they were in a fight. There were millions of people in this city and most of them were most likely now zombies. There were ten of them at the bus stop and that was the way they needed to go. 
Lizzie had a kitchen knife and he had a combat knife but there was no way they could take out such a big group silently. Doing it with blades was out of the question. He drew his Desert Eagles and she followed suit with her 9mm. 
‘No choice.’ He whispered to her and moved to the other side of the street. He would draw them all away and face them head on while she picked them off one by one from behind. He whistled for their attention. The long line of seemingly polite well dressed zombies reacted as one. They each raised their heads in turn and started howling. That same penetrating howl they all made. 
The sound echoed around the tall buildings. He drew his right-hand gun and shot with that one first, then his left, and then his right again and continued. Every shot hit but he wasn’t always as accurate as he should have been. Some fell wide and hit the creatures in their shoulders. Three of them went down with headshots and the rest continued hurtling forward. 
Lizzie pulled her trigger with precision. She fired one shot every two seconds and maintained that rhythm. Each one a deadly headshot. That left only two still lurching towards Logan. He holstered both guns and drew his knife. He darted forward and slashed for the neck of the first one. His blood sprayed all over the snow and he fell convulsing to the floor. 
Lizzie popped the last one in the back of the head. It slumped to the ground as blood oozed out from the back of its skull. Logan nodded in appreciation and set about reloading. That fire fight was as noisy as Hell and it would draw more of them in for sure. He remembered that it was the brain that he needed to destroy and fired one last, somewhat sympathetic, shot at the convulsing zombie bleeding out on the virgin white snow. 
‘Come on.’ Logan holstered his weapons and broke out into a sprint. He was agile enough not to fall in the thick snow but it wasn’t easy. Lizzie followed him and managed to keep up with him easily enough.
It didn’t take long for them to reach the junction where the snow piled high above the crashed and crumpled vehicles below. The only thing popping above the snow level there were the traffic lights. He could hear the blades in the distance. 
The helicopter must have been getting closer. He reached into his back pocket and took out an emergency flare. He ignited it by cracking the bottom hard off his raised knee and threw it into the centre of the junction. Now they could just wait and hope. 
‘General Logan? I see red smoke please confirm?’ A voice came over his radio. It was a different man from before. He seemed calm and collected, oozed confidence, and was instantly trustworthy. It must have been, presumably, be the pilot. 
‘Affirmative. How long?’ He yelled down the radio. He could hear howling coming from all corners of the city by now. There must have been hundreds of them all pressing down on their position. 
‘Approximately three minutes out General.’ The same laid back voice replied. 
‘Be faster than that! This landing zone is going to get very hot very quickly!’ He yelled and put the radio back into his pocket. 
He darted his eyes from one street to the next. He could hear the approaching hoard but he couldn’t see them yet. Suddenly the ground felt uneasy. Something was stirring underneath their feet! The things were crawling out of the cars beneath and digging their way up through the ice and snow! First a finger, then a fist, then a gnashing jaw and a shrieking zombie! 
Logan put the first one down with a merciless shot to its head. Lizzie was turning around on the spot in a circle with her gun pointing down. It was unnerving to know the next one could pop up at any point. That was when the rest of them came slowly but terrifyingly into view. A pack of them, at least thirty just in the first wave, down every street connected to that junction.
‘Come on!’ Logan howled. He glanced up into the sky and hoped the pilot was slamming it hard to reach them. They were boxed in at every turn and had an unknown number of the creatures buried beneath them, all trying to dig their way up to the surface. The reality of the situation hit him and he had to admit to defeat.
‘They can’t land here!’ Logan shouted to Lizzie who was only a few hundred meters to his right by the side of the road. She looked desperately back to him without any answers. He reached into his pocket and started shouting down the radio. 
‘Abort pickup the LZ is too hot.’ 
‘With respect General I don’t leave my people behind.’ The pilot calmly announced back. 
‘I’ll find another way!’ He wasted no more time and cut the connection. 
He fixed his eyes on Lizzie. His chest heaved with every panicked breath. She was frozen to the spot and was staring blankly back to him with a look of cold desperation. He closed his eyes just long enough to calm the furious surge of thoughts that rushed through his mind. He took one deep breath and demanded of himself that he should think outside of the box. The answer occurred to him almost instantly. He opened his now much more focused and purposeful eyes and began scouring the snow line. 
There! A sign for a subway station just above the snow line! Lizzie saw it too after following his eyes and immediately dropped to her knees to start digging with her bare hands. She should have known that would be no way to reach the street level. No way would they have that much time. 
‘Get ever here!’ Logan ordered her and took the grenade from his pocket. He had almost forgotten he had it. Sure the noise of the thing going off would attract more of them but if they stayed there they were dead. She ran full pelt to his side and watched him toss the grenade over her head right at the sign. A few seconds later it exploded and ripped through the snow below as well as a good chunk of the building next to them. 
Rubble and water rained down on them but he wasted no time in pushing her back in the direction of the explosion. His grip on her arm was painful, tight and unrelenting. It hurt her but she said nothing. 
‘Move it!’ He reminded himself of his days as a Non Commissioned Officer, barking his orders like a madman in the heat of battle. They both sprinted across the snow as more and more zombies punched their way through from underneath. He bolted ahead first and threw himself down the cave in the snow that the grenade had blown. 
It had successfully opened up the steps of the tube station and there was no sign of immediate danger down there. But they were starting to converge on the junction from above. Lizzie jumped down behind him just as the army of zombies started tumbling down the steps in hungered pursuit. He flicked on the light of his gun to reveal the darkened station. It was only small. 
He jumped the turnstiles in one leap and shot a single bullet into the corner. There was a zombie there on the floor trying to get up. Lizzie followed him closely and they both bolted for the train stood still on the platform ahead. The light atop his weapon swung up and down like a ship being tossed around by violent waves. 
It lit up only a small portion of the train station at a time in a constant swimming and dizzying motion. Every time the light swung with the sway of his arms she imagined it would light up a mass of the things gnashing on the floor. Thankfully it was just the grey concrete and nothing more. 
He jumped inside of the open train and kicked the button until the doors closed shut behind Lizzie. The zombies had just about caught up and began banging with bloodied fists against the sides trying to get it. He had to get the train moving before the sheer weight of them eventually broke down the glass doors. 
He tore through the empty carriage and opened the door to the cabin with his gun ready. All was clear. That lever on the big and basic console must have been the main controls. He pushed it forward and the train lurched into life. Its front lights flickered on to light up the darkness ahead and they were on their way out of the station. He dared to breathe a sigh of relief. 
‘Go back there and unhook the train from the carriage.’ He pointed back down the way they had come. She obeyed him instantly and jogged down the carriage. There were no zombies in the seats, she made sure to check every one, and there were none she could see in the next carriage through the connecting glass. 
There was a big red emergency button at the side of the connecting, flexible and rubbery, section of the train. That had to be it. Hopefully it wouldn’t just be the emergency shut off for the engine! She closed her eyes and hit it with a balled up fist.
It wasn’t. The next carriage uncoupled and started falling behind back to the station. The zombies had spilled out onto the tracks and were giving chase. They just stumbled awkwardly and most of them just hit the ground, tripping stupidly over the wooden railway sleepers below. They were just about away safely. Now just to get out of the city and to relative safety. 
Chapter Ten
Tunnel Rats
The lights illuminated only a fraction of the darkened tunnels ahead. Maybe ten or twelve feet directly in front. The train must have been diesel generated and not one of the new fully electric ones. That was good. 
The time the government spent trying to make everything self-sufficient and run on renewable energy and the damn stuff was useless at the first sign of a crisis. Diesel was dependable. It didn’t matter if the dead rose and the world fell. So long as you had a working engine and some heavy oil. It would work. The technologically advanced state, like the zombies it bred, rose up to bite them in the ass.
‘Are you alright?’ Logan asked, much calmer now, as Lizzie pushed the door ajar and joined him in the driver’s carriage. 
‘Yeah. That was… scary.’ She said but smiled. Those kids on the bus had gotten to her but she was a strong girl, that much was clear, and she bounced back quickly. She gasped and pointed through the window ahead. Logan hadn’t been watching. 
A zombie had wandered out right in front of the train. In his past life he had been a maintenance worker. He wore orange overalls that they just about saw before the train slammed right into him. His skull and chest cavity splattered across the window in a thick and sickening red mist. 
‘Damn.’ Logan whispered as the train juddered but didn’t stop. He reached around the console looking for the wipers. He found them and turned them on along with the jets of water. He sprayed the window and set the wipers off like he was trying to get a bug smear off his car headlights. 
The zombie’s hand was stuck in the wiper blades and every time he tried to wipe the blood smear away it slid across the window with a streak of blood in trail. It looked like it was waving. 
Lizzie laughed first. It was sick and she felt ashamed but it was kind of funny. Logan turned to her to try and look condescending but it didn’t work and he started to smile and laugh a little too. 
‘Hey!’ Lizzie defended herself. ‘If I ever turn, and you have to put me down, please make sure people get a laugh out of me too ok?’ 
‘Ok, I promise.’ He laughed and pulled himself up to sit on the driver’s chair. The hand finally fell away to the side and the joke passed. Lizzie would have to settle for the floor. She took out a leather bound diary and opened it up about half way. 
‘You write in a diary?’ Logan asked a little surprised. He shouldn’t have been. He already had her figured out, or so he thought, so he already knew she had no family or friends around her. That would mean no one to confide in either. 
‘Yeah.’ She admitted and even blushed. There was no need because he would have never judged her. ‘It’s not right to bottle it all up. I need to get it out somehow and it’s just safer to write it down. I don’t have to bottle it all up and have a big outburst at the expense of a boyfriend or anything like that. Keep’s me level headed really.’ Logan shrugged in an accepting way and turned his focus to the track ahead. He checked his radio. It was well out of range. His phone was useless now too with all the power and everything out. 
Lizzie started writing. 
I realized something today. When I looked into that bus full of children that I used to know. They really are dead. I had thought at first that they might just be sick and needed help. All that time I tried to get them to snap out of it. I thought they were just in a trance or something. All those wasted lives down at the station. I could have saved more of them if we had realized back then. 
But I guess hindsight is 20:20. In the moment you don’t get that kind of time to think about things. You just follow your gut and hope that you make the right choices. I guess maybe my gut was wrong this time. 
They aren’t sick and I can’t stop seeing people when I’m forced to put one down. I’m not killing people. I think I might be setting them free. I really hope that the souls of the victims that start to walk have passed on to whatever heaven they believe in. 
But I sure as Hell wouldn’t want to be looking down on the Earth from up there to see my lifeless and soul-less body walking around attacking other’s. I would thank someone for putting my body down. They are monsters walking around wearing the faces of the living. They are demon’s walking around in the skin of the dead. I think anyway. Truth is I don’t know what they are and I don’t think anyone does. 
My friend, General Logan, he certainly doesn’t. I haven’t told him that I know who he is yet. I recognized his name right away. Who could forget? He was the man who announced the walking plague to the world with that video. 
Some people hate him for it. I don’t get why. I’m sure I must have thought at one point or another that he was lying, that he had faked the whole video, and that he wasn’t really a General or a Doctor at all. 
But now that I have met him in the flesh. I know that he is the most trustworthy man I have ever known. I think I must have known him for about half a day and I can already tell that about him. 
Maybe when someone saves your life so many times in such a short space of time you get a sense for them? And then he went back to save the ass hole who tried to rape me. Who does that?! A guy with a conscience? Or is it more than that? I wonder what he has gone through in his time that makes him need to save everyone. 
I’ll bet he has some kind of God-complex. I bet he thinks he is invincible or un-killable. But if that’s what he needs to feel to be the man he is who am I to argue? 
‘Hey, snap out of it.’ Logan got up from his seat and she put her book down right away and peered into the darkness with him. They were coming up on the next station and there were a few zombies on the track. They were just stood there in the dark not moving at all. As soon as they heard the rattle of the metal wheels along the track they started to stir.
‘Is this where we get off?’ 
‘No. We stay on this train right up through Manhattan and it will lead us to Central Park Avenue. We need to take that to where my friend, the Doctor, has the containment net set up in a little place called Valhalla.’ Logan started pushing the lever forward. The one that controlled both speed and braking. 
He was going to punch through the line of zombies and take as many of them down as he needed to. The train was light and fast. It would take a lot of them in one place to stop it. It didn’t look like there were enough of them by his eyes. 
‘You ready?’ He turned to face Lizzie before pushing the lever as hard as possible. ‘Get your head down.’ He took her by the arm and pulled her close to him. He shielded most of her body with his and made sure her head was behind his shoulders. One thump, then another, then five more. They hadn’t started to scream or howl. The train was rocking back and forth on the tracks violently. Thud! Thud, thud! Three more went under the wheels and they could hear their bones crack and skulls smash. Only a few more and they were through the tunnel past the next darkened station. 
‘It’s over now.’ Logan let her go and started washing the thick black blood off the window again. There must have been a hundred or more stations on this line! He pulled back on the lever and slowed the train down. He didn’t want to risk derailing. He glanced at his watch, hidden under the sleeve of his jacket. They were making good time but Cygan still had a nervous finger hovering over that button! 
The next few stations were mostly deserted and a slow pace sufficed. There might have been the odd zombie standing on the platform waiting for his or her morning commuter but nothing worse than that. They had been very lucky so far.
‘So this General Cygan?’ Lizzie began and relaxed a little. She brushed past Logan and sat down in the driver’s chair. He was stood arched forward peering through the dark looking for the next threat. She slumped back and put her feet up on the console. 
‘What about him?’ Logan asked a little defensively. 
‘What’s his problem?’ She fired back. 
‘He...’ Logan paused a little to think his phrasing though. 
‘He doesn’t understand.’ 
‘What do you mean?’ She asked rocking from side to side impatiently and fidgety in her seat. ‘You said he was an old friend?’ 
‘And he always will be. A difference of opinion doesn’t mean I don’t still count him as my friend. Just because he finds himself on the wrong side this time doesn’t mean that the man behind the stars isn’t my friend.’ Logan explained and turned briefly to face her. 
‘I…I don’t understand.’ She sat still for a second and pulled her legs down. 
‘Kind of how the civil war tore apart a brother from his brother, or a son from his father, in that opinions on slavery and other causes were polarized. I never got that. Just because a war finds you on the wrong side to that of your family or your friend doesn’t mean that person has to stop being your dad or your brother or your best buddy. This is a war too whether we like it or not.’ Logan spoke slowly and softly. That was a well-conditioned opinion that seemed to have been formed with experience in mind. Logan continued. 
‘He earned his commission in Vietnam, a long time before I joined the Air Force. He doesn’t understand how to fight a war like this one. He sees the Vietcong hiding in the trees and in the tunnels and he sees an arsenal of nuclear bombs that he can use to burn them out. It’s almost like he has tunnel vision or something like that. He can only see a situation through his old eyes. He has a list of problems the length of his arm and a list of solutions that he can count on his fingers of one hand. Those solutions are formed by his limited past experiences and he can’t think outside of the box he is trapped in. How many people do you suppose died in the city alone because of their need to grasp hold tightly of their former lives, or to solutions informed by that former life? How many boarded the window’s only to have them come crashing in? How many …’ 
‘You mean me?’ She asked a little embarrassed. She had taken that option too but she had been lucky to live a little longer than the ones he was talking about. 
‘I suppose.’ That hurt her. ‘But then you have to understand him too. He is taking a solution that he knows, one that is familiar to him, one that’s comfortable. Only problem is, unlike you, he can’t see his error and realize that a new problem needs a new solution. When reality shifted around us, only those that can shift with it, will be able to keep on surviving.’ 
He stopped talking there. He could see her reflection in the window ahead of him. His words had cut deep and had hit a nerve. He hadn’t been trying to upset her or condemn her for not having tried to get out sooner. Some people could be trapped. Some people refused to let go of the things they used to glue themselves to their world and their reality. They feared that when they let go their lives would mean nothing and they would drift away into the void of meaninglessness 
He didn’t count her as one of them. She was a fighter and no doubt about it. But she was young and as green as they came. He would let her sulk a little and didn’t try to talk to her again for a while. 
Chapter Eleven 
The Fall of New York
Lizzie felt sorry for herself. She knew deep down that she had to snap out of it. She really admired General Logan and she had to admit to herself if nothing else that she was trying to impress him. It was like the real version of her was shouting, screaming at herself, at the top of her lungs to snap out of the silly little depressed state she had convinced herself to go into. 
She had to shake it off but the stubborn need to not be the first to back down was strong. He had successfully navigated a few more stations in silence, crushed a few of the dead on his path too, but hadn’t looked away from the window in front. He hadn’t even met her eyes in the reflection. 
‘Look.’ She started talking but forgot what to say. 
‘Just relax kid.’ He interrupted, sensing her embarrassment, and made a move to solve it before it became an issue in their friendship. ‘I just don’t want you, or history after us, to record John as a monster if he does this. He is a good guy deep down. He just doesn’t see another way.’ He turned and smiled at her. 
‘I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have brought it up.’ She pleaded and shook her head. He didn’t want to argue at all though. 
‘You always work alone?’ He asked her out of the blue. He kept doing that. Darting the focus of a conversation away just when it was getting too intense for him. He had seen her photo on the fridge. Just her in uniform. Not even a K-9 unit for a friend. 
‘I never had a partner no…’ She was going to continue.
‘Well you do now.’ He stated and turned around completely. ‘I live, you live. You die, I die.’ That felt good to hear. She welled up instantly. Never before had someone said something so committed to her. For Logan, well, he could forget a little more about the mistakes he had made in the past few weeks. The ones he could have saved and didn’t. The ones he didn’t try to save at all. If he could get her out. If he could make sure this young, spunky, city cop made it out safe he could bury his guilt under a long line of zombie corpses. 
The route he had mapped out using the poster of metro stations on the wall would take them up and into the Bronx. That was where they needed to be. The containment wall that the Doctor had set up and had waiting for them was past that point at Valhalla. They needed to get there soon before General Cygan made good on his word and bombed the city into the last century! 
The train wouldn’t take them the whole way. They would need to get off in an hour or so and switch to a car or a motorbike or something. There was a pretty defendable freeway that ran all the way from the Bronx into the suburb of Valhalla if memory served. That would be where they needed to head.
‘We need to switch trains soon. Or at least switch tracks.’ Logan announced to her. He was just guessing at that point. They had been quiet for a few minutes but it felt like the air had cleared and they were friends again. This one line would just eventually swing them back around to where they started. 
‘Ok, do you have a plan?’ Lizzie asked and stood up to look at the chart on the wall. She had to pull herself up onto her tip toes and rest an arm on his shoulder to be able to see over him. 
‘There.’ He showed her by pointing his finger and running it down the map along the train route. He was pointing at 5th avenue right by Central Park. That must have been where they needed to get off and get onto another line. He rubbed his hand sharply through his stubble in thought. 
‘Maybe we should try a different approach.’ Logan turned back to her and stared into the distance over her shoulder. 
‘Like what?’ Lizzie asked. 
‘Do you see them as the train gets closer? The ones on the track? They look dormant until they hear the wheels on the track. Maybe that means they use the sense of hearing more than sight.’ He started scratching two fingers across his thickening white stubble. 
‘You think we can just sneak by?’ She was a little reserved about doing something so daring and that showed in her voice. 
Logan continued, ‘I don’t think we should get so close to them, for all I know they could smell us, but I think keeping quiet and moving slowly might keep us from getting into a fire fight. If we do that then we just get swarmed. For every bullet we shoot off, more come.’ 
‘I don’t know if I can do that.’ She was obviously nervous. 
‘Just stay close and follow my lead. Keep a hand on my shoulder and just breathe when I do. We can do it I promise.’ He pushed the lever on the train console all the way back. It slowly slid to a halt just ahead of the station. 
The place was still in darkness but their eyes had slowly accustomed to it. What light there was seemed stronger and where there was no clarity before now they could make out detail and shapes in the distance. There were at least four of the zombies shuffling around on the track ahead. Lizzie started to breathe deeply and made a few whimpering noises. She folded her lips into her mouth and shook her head from side to side. She trusted Logan though. Especially after what he said before. She trusted his judgment and trusted what he could do. 
The train line was housed in a circular tunnel built out of brick. It was an old line so the walls were cracked and crumbled in some places. The stations opened up though. They were big hollows in the ground where the tunnels opened up into cavernous spaces where there were newsstands, hot dog carts and ticket offices. 
Some of them were huge but this was one of the smaller and more boxy ones. That would make the job of sneaking in a little harder. Sometimes the lines merged and the tunnels converged from twos and threes. That was what they would find ahead. 
The main lights had died some time ago. So far they had made it through using the strong headlights of the train but ahead they would have to rely on thin trickles of light slithering down from the emergency lights far above their heads. That pale artificial light was nigh useless but it would have to do. 
He turned around and opened the door back into the passenger carriageway. The train lights had gone out now that the engine had been powered down. He took Lizzie by his left hand, leaving his right free just in case, and pressed the button for exit. 
The doors slid open slowly to reveal a flat brick wall. They were still in the dark and cramped tunnel. It suddenly felt very claustrophobic and the sense that they were very vulnerable rose in their minds like a screaming zombie. He turned his head and nodded to Lizzie. She was scared but too tough to let it be too transparent. 
He slid out first and flattened his body right against the wall. She joined him and followed him as he shimmied across the cold wall towards the station ahead. He kept his back flat and his movement quiet but rhythmic. 
It only took a few steps before they were out in front of the train and heading for the station. A few emergency lights ahead flickered on and off. That cast the tunnel in an unsettling spasmodic and dim light. He took hold of her hand again and crouched down. Legs bent and back arched. Like an animal stalking its prey. 
That right hand of his started stroking his gun again. She had noticed he did that when he was a little unsettled himself. She trusted her life to him and he trusted his to those powerful guns. 
He turned back to Lizzie and let go of her hand. He needed to make sure there were no noises at all for the zombies to hear. He waved at her with his hand and placed it onto the cold wall at the side of the tunnel. He was telling her to use her hand as balance and walk along the polished clean silver metal rails. Between the rails it was only gravel and that would crunch under their boots. 
She got it right away and demonstrated to be certain. He gave her the thumbs up and did the same. Step by step they balanced their weight against the wall and slid one foot in front of another along the polished and slippery metal. The tunnel opened up after not long and the true test was brought into view. 
There were at least thirty of them, all stood on the platform. He was right though. About both things. They were dormant until aroused but it also looked like they were ghosts acting out the routines of their former selves. They were all dressed ready for work, a craftsman, a few office workers, investment bankers, construction site managers. 
All of them stood there swaying under their own weight staring at the empty platform and waiting for their long overdue train. There were only four of them on the track itself and they were all facing the other way. It looked like they had been pushed down in a rush or something. One of them stood tall on a broken ankle, the other had blood right down its white shirt, and the other two looked like train drivers waiting to start work. 
There was just enough space to crawl behind the ones on the track and stay low enough to not get seen by the ones on the platform. 
Logan held up his free hand and held it horizontal. He then lowered it across his eye line while facing Lizzie. She didn’t know his military hand-jargon but got the point. She had to keep low. Her breathing was becoming more erratic and she had started biting her lip. He winked at her. He would have liked to comfort her by saying that it would be ok but of course he couldn’t. 
He sunk to the floor and took the lead again. He moved slowly and every inch he stepped was calculated. He made sure to keep glancing up to make sure he was still hidden by the four foot high concrete platform. One step, then another and another. 
He could even hear them breathe above them. Perhaps they were smelling the air? Maybe they could sense the living were near. They couldn’t hear them or see them. If they got caught out here there would have way more than they could handle all at once. This needed to go right.
One of the ones on the track suddenly grunted and started to swivel on the spot. It had a hard hat on that had slipped below its vacant and distant milky eyes. Logan immediately stopped and drew his right hand gun. 
He would have done it. He would have blown the monster’s brain right out the back of its skull if he needed to. Then he would have grabbed Lizzie by the hand and legged it before the ones above had the chance to figure it out. Luckily he didn’t need to.
 It swayed around in a circle and fell to the floor backwards. It tripped on a wire or something. His back erupted with a crack and a crunch but no shriek of pain. They both breathed out slowly, relieved, and continued on slowly and softly. 
They couldn’t afford to lose their nerve and rush the last few steps. A few minutes passed and they reached the next tunnel. Lizzie was going to speak but he put his hand right over her mouth.
There was one final zombie sniffing around in a doorway just up ahead. The door must have been a maintenance access point. It was pushed back from the wall of the tunnel in a little hollowed out section. The zombie was looking out into the tunnel. Logan could see that it had a radio in one hand. The workman dutifully had it grasped in his palm like he was waiting for his boss to call in his work schedule. 
The knife would have to do the job. Logan unclipped his and hoped his aim would be true. He sneaked right along the wall with Lizzie in tow and his knife raised. He held it in a backhand grip. 
Right in the throat! The blood ejected from the zombie’s jugular and it dropped to the floor in a dead heartbeat. Logan wiped the blade on the zombie workman’s overalls and put it back in his belt. In a few steps they were in the clear and could see a train over on another track. That must have been the one they needed. 
‘There.’ Logan whispered. ‘Just a little more, ok?’ He took her by the hand and stepped slowly from track to track and made for the train in the distance. He vaulted over the centre divider in the two parallel tracks and helped her over too. He circled the train once with his gun drawn but there was nothing there. 
They climbed in, unhooked the following trailers just like before, and locked themselves into the driver’s cabin. It was identical to the last one they were in. He looked over to Lizzie and started smiling. 
‘That was…’ She started to talk but he just laughed at her. 
‘What?’ She playfully shouted and backhand slapped his arm. 
‘Its fun right?’ He pushed the lever to set the train in motion. 
‘I don’t know if fun is a good word but, it was, exhilarating.’ She sighed and held her open palm against her forehead. ‘I’m sweating like a fat kid in Phs-ed!’ She laughed with him as the new train gathered speed. He stopped it from going too fast and just held it at a consistent speed.
Not slow enough that a zombie could catch them, but slow enough so they could stop in an emergency. Not too fast, but fast enough to make progress and fast enough to wipe out a stray zombie on the track. 
‘What will we do when we get out of the city?’ She was perched on the driver seat, legs tucked up, with her arms folded over them. Now that the adrenaline settled and they had stopped moving, the cold was starting to burn again. The cabin had a heater linked directly to the engine but that did precious little to take the sting out of it. 
‘Run away?’ She asked again since he didn’t answer at first. 
‘Run where?’ He was slouched into the side of the cabin; arms folded, and never moved his eyes from the path ahead. 
‘I… maybe there is a deserted island somewhere? Something in the Hudson River itself, or for that, get those army guys to give us a ride to Honolulu or a Greek island in the sun.’ She smiled at the prospect of getting warm. 
‘Then what?’ He met her eyes just for a second. ‘Pull up a deck chair, mix ourselves a few tequila sunrise cocktails, and watch the world burn on the horizon?’ He could have sounded sarcastic but didn’t. He didn’t embezzle the idea either though. Lizzie tapped the back of her seat a few times with an open palm. 
‘I bet no island is left undisturbed right?’ She thought about it but spoke out loud. ‘Everyone will have that idea.’ She smiled at herself and closed her weary eyes for a few seconds. Logan held his stern tone but friendly delivery. 
‘Like rat’s running away from a sinking ship.’ That was a little cruel. That was the General Cygan in him coming out a little. After all, the ass hole had been Logan’s friend and mentor, there was bound to have been some effect. 
‘So what then?’ She kept her eyes firmly shut. 
‘We could run. We really could. I don’t think anyone would judge us if we did. But the truth is we shouldn’t. When you meet Abraham you will see what I mean. He makes everyone look like grade school science teachers. Over everyone else on the planet he has the best shot at figuring this out. All I can do is help him. The only way to even survive this war is by staying wherever the front line happens to be.’ 
‘Then I’ll be there too.’ She opened her eyes finally and yawned. They hadn’t even been up long. Maybe she hadn’t slept very well knowing her world was about to be flipped upside down. 
‘Even if he is my friend, General Cygan needs to be stopped, that’s where I’ll be going next.’ 
‘Besides.’ She ignored his last comment and added. ‘I only drink scotch malt.’ 
‘Expensive girl. Is that why you don’t have a boyfriend?’ She didn’t bite even though she wanted to. ‘Get some sleep. I'll wake you up when we need to get off.’ She took that offer immediately and even managed to fall asleep on the spot still with her legs tucked up under her arms. 
Cops, nurses, old General’s. They were all the same. They could sleep on command. Never knew where the next nap was coming from. 
Logan navigated in silence through the maze of interconnecting subway tunnels. They needed to ride this train all the way out of Manhattan and get as far north as possible to the screening net. Lizzie just slept next to him on the chair. 
There were less zombies each and every station they passed. He thought there might have been more of them. A lot more. 
The snow had blocked most of the access steps to the subway. There mustn’t have been too many people in the tunnels, which meant the rest of the zombies must have been trapped either in the volumes of ice or the city above. No one had been riding the subway anyway. They were all locked away in their homes trying to survive the flu. 
Hopefully the majority of them would stay locked away. It was a sick thought. But Logan hoped that they had died behind locked doors and that’s where they would stay. 
It was time to get off the train soon and he could only hope, for both their sakes, that there wasn’t an un-dead army waiting on the surface for them! 
‘Lizzie, wake up.’ He said softly and rocked her gently by the shoulder. She awoke with a spasm and she reached for her gun immediately. That was probably how she had awoken for months. 
‘Relax everything’s ok. But we need to get off here.’ Logan had already brought the train to a halt ahead of the next station. It looked similar to the last one they had been in. He halted the train in the tunnel and would try to repeat the same tactic of sneaking past. 
‘Oh fuck. I feel like I haven’t slept at all.’ She uncurled herself and tried to stand but couldn’t for the cramps in her back and arms. She held her head in one hand and tried to massage her legs with the other. 
‘Make sure you wake up properly.’ Logan was happy to wait for her. ‘We need to sneak past some more of them and get to the surface.’ She was visibly scared by the prospect but didn’t try to argue with him about it.
‘I’m ok. I’m ready to go.’ She stood up at once and shook herself until the blood came back to her tired and weakened muscles. Logan threw her a bottle from the bag they had been carrying around. The last of the supplies from her flat. She drank half and saved the other for him. He guzzled it quickly and tossed the bottle. He slung the bag back over his shoulder and reached for the door. 
‘Ok, let’s do this.’ That was about as motivational as he could manage. The routine was the same as last time they had to sneak through a station. If there were too many of them in this one they might even have to abort and push on to the next or even pull back to the last. 
This time they would have to get on the platform and sneak right past an unknown number of them and up through the snow and ice to street level. He led her, again by the hand, right through the dark tunnel and along the polished rail line to the platform itself. He had made a good call. There were only ten or maybe fifteen of the zombies in this station. He took one daring glance over the platform to confirm this. 
From a distance the creatures just looked like normal people. Some of them had horrific injuries and were covered in their own blood but most seemed fine to the naked eye. 
Were they really all dead? Only when you got close could you see their milky vacant eyes and see the paleness of their skin. Those creatures had no pulse and their veins were full of black coagulated and clotted blood. He needed to draw their gaze away so they could mount the platform unnoticed. He looked around for an idea. He only had the one emergency flare left and he might need that to signal to someone above on the surface. 
They were still balanced on the silver track with their weight pressed against the concrete. They did that to avoid crunching on the gravel below. Maybe that would do it. He reached down and grabbed a fist full of stones from between the tracks. He carefully planned a trajectory and threw them down the line as far as he could without slipping. 
They scattered on impact, some bounced off the wall with a dull crackle and others bounced off the metal with a chink, but it worked. There was an odd growl and a grunt or two. No shrieks though, like the ones back on the street before, or those first cases in England. They must only do that when they knew food was on the table. Logan raised his eyebrows and tilted his head to one side. Lizzie knew that meant they needed to go quick. 
He vaulted first and waited just one second. If they looked back they would only see him. If they had then he would have ran in the opposite direction to try and let Lizzie get away. But they were fixated on those scattered noises so the coast remained clear. He reached down and pulled her up onto the platform next to him. 
The stairs were dead ahead, cast in darkness, like the rest of the station. Only serviced by those dull and failing backup lights. He pulled her close and dashed around in an arc pattern around the unbeknown zombies. They vaulted the turnstiles at the very bottom of the stairs and crouched down to take every step one by one. Each step passed revealed a little more of what was ahead. 
Just stale ceramic wall tiles so far. Then the odd flickering and irritating light overhead in the ceiling. But no zombies. As soon as he could see the way was clear he started to jog again. Lizzie kept looking back to find that the zombies back down on the platform hadn’t noticed them at all. 
There was a body on the floor slumped against the wall. Not a zombie and not a man anymore either. He’d had his bowels ripped out and the creatures had fed on his insides, spilling his organs and blood all across the floor. That must have prevented his body from reanimating as one of them. Too much missing flesh maybe, Logan quietly guessed. 
He had a uniform on and a badge too. He wore a black suit, one made out of thicker fabric than most, to reflect the sometimes manual handling nature of his work. He looked like an attendant at the subway station. Logan checked the stairs and platform behind one last time, and seeing that it was clear, started to rummage in the man’s blood soaked and frozen stiff pockets. There was a set of keys in there. 
There was a metal shutter half closed ahead of them. He must have been trying to block himself in when he got attacked. They could really do with shutting it the whole way behind them. 
‘Find the key that works in that thing.’ He handed Lizzie the full bunch and strode over to the wall. There was a fireman’s axe cased in glass that he wanted. He might need it to dig the snow out or as another silent killing tool. 
‘Got it.’ She whispered back. The third or fourth key she tried was a perfect fit. 
‘Test it.’ He mimicked turning a key in case she didn’t hear him. She turned it and the gate sprung into life with a sudden lurch. The noise was only brief and the creatures downstairs were none the wiser. 
That was until he punched clean through the glass so that he could retrieve the axe. They started howling below and it was only a moment before the first one appeared at the bottom of the stairs. Seeing him, it shrieked and started frantically falling over the turnstiles as the rest followed. They fell clumsily over one another to get over the barrier and stumbled forward to the top. 
‘Get out of there!’ Lizzie screamed as Logan calmly picked the glass away from the housing to get a hold of the axe. He started jogging as she turned the key. He crouched and ducked under the falling barrier as the first one came slamming into the metal. It was a chain link design so it could still get its arms through. It finally closed before they realized they could have crawled underneath. 
Logan swung for the arms of that first one and chopped both clean off with one swing. Black blood and ooze sprayed out and continued like a river until it bled dry. Lizzie was panting for breath and just stared at him. She was annoyed that he had taken so long to get the axe and that he cut the arms off to messy up the place.
‘At least it’s sharp.’ He threw the axe up once and spun it in his hands. He had been right though. The entrance to the subway had iced right over with a million layers of thick snow. It was formed like a wall of ice directly in front of them. 
‘Just start digging.’ She said and scowled at him. Logan just started laughing and took his first swing into the ice. 
After smashing frantically for about ten minutes the first few layers of snow had successfully been removed. Logan sat down to catch his breath on the first of the now cleared steps. He sat there staring at the enraged zombies still trying to reach them. They were snarling and drooling all over the place. 
Lizzie was starting to feel tired. She didn’t feel right at all inside and was suffering from a really odd sensation of intense fatigue. She had rested ok that previous night, quite content knowing Logan was sleeping in the other room to keep her safe, but it felt as though she hadn’t slept in weeks. 
She sneezed once into her covered hands. There was a little blood. She wiped her hands quickly on her freezing cold trousers. Her breathing was getting heavy but she managed to keep it under control with deep controlled exhales. 
Being holed up inside for a few weeks at this point had done her no good. That’s what she put it all down to. Her muscles had deteriorated more than she had thought and the new demands of physical exertion was taking its toll. She decided to completely ignore it and carry on. 
‘It feel’s weird.’ Lizzie said and stopped cutting through the snow with the axe and sat down right beside Logan. 
‘What does?’ He asked and she started rummaging through the satchel bag. She was sure she had stuffed a few cereal bars in there before. Or some chocolate or something. Maybe a little food would sort her out. 
‘Just the mix of emotions I guess.’ She announced cryptically and found what she had been looking for. Logan turned down her offer of a bite. He wasn’t hungry. 
‘Like what?’ He asked. 
‘I’m not as upset as I should be.’ She didn’t even try to sugar coat it. ‘I mean, these are people, or at least they were. Any number of times I might have been one of them and not just sat here with you.’ She tucked her legs up again to try to keep warm. Logan didn’t even think about his answer. 
‘We lived in a faceless society.’ He said instantly. He had obviously been thinking about it too. ‘How many times did you used to walk to work and say “hi” to everyone along the way? People just became white noise in our own cluttered lives. These creatures, the zombies, they are as faceless as they were in life. At least to us.’ 
Logan gave his own bleak assessment as he locked eyes with one of them. It still just shrieked and moaned at him. It kept thrashing its arms though the grate and reaching frantically trying to get hold of them. Lizzie could not say she agreed. 
‘I think it just makes me heartless.’ She said without sounding ashamed. ‘Even if you’re right and that’s why. Because we don’t see “faceless” faces as people anymore. I feel like that’s because I failed. To be a good person or a good cop.’ She rested her head gently on his shoulder. But he had become attached to his belief. It had been well formed in those weeks below the Alaskan snow. 
He continued. ‘This plague is ravishing the whole surface of the Earth. There will be no recovering from it. But look at what has happened in the world recently. An economic downturn that lasted nearly a decade. Violence and unrest in the Middle East as they forged their own democracies. Egypt and Syria especially. The old world dictatorships were starting to fall and there was a sense of a coming battle of class as the gap between those with and those without widened. The so called lower classes would have risen eventually to overthrow the ruling elite to try and find a better system. A fairer one.’ He paused to look at her. He had clearly started a chain of thought off in her head. Her vacant stare and lack of reply confirmed it. 
‘Maybe you feel lost in your own emotions because deep down you knew there needed to be a change. ’ He paused again to take a long gulp of fresh water. She still hadn’t replied. 
‘The whole world was crying out for a change. Just nature beat them to it. So I guess it’s ok for you, or me, to not feel sadness looking at the zombies. They represent the world we secretly wanted to end anyway.’ 
He wasn’t exactly proud of his opinion. He felt no success in having it, at least in his own mind, all figured out. It was a cold assessment, one that somewhat contradicted the kind of deeply caring and trustworthy person he was, and wanted to remain. But it was one born out of logic and intelligence. He truly believed in what he said. 
That the word, as it were, was overdue a grand overhaul. But he didn’t, and was careful to never, suggest he was glad about how it finally happened. He twisted the cap down on the bottle and placed it back in his bag. He went to stand but noticed her smiling in silence. 
‘What is it?’ He asked. 
‘Those are some funny beliefs for a General in the United States Air Force.’ She almost giggled but didn’t openly disagree or challenge his logic. 
‘Retired.’ He reminded her and stood to take another bash at the ice wall. His hands were getting really cold by this point. He had put his gloves back on but that meant he had less grip on the axe. 
Progress was slow. He hammered away at the ice as Lizzie used her bare hands to shovel to stubborn snow back behind them. It was so cold everywhere that it wouldn’t melt. It was like digging through rock and gravel. Finally the axe broke through the final layer and daylight oozed into the dark cavern that used to be a subway station. 
Filled with a new wave of determination he bashed and bashed until there was enough space to crawl through. He took off those big thermal gloves so he could grip his gun better. He slid into the opening of the tunnel he had made. He squeezed his muscular frame through the tight space, scraped his leather jacket along the jagged icicles, and eased his way back out into the open air. 
He took a good look around with both guns drawn. There were none of the un-dead immediately in view so he shuffled out and Lizzie followed. They emerged into the wide street, sheltered by only a few short buildings, but still utterly immersed in snow. 
‘I don’t think I’ve ever been so cold.’ She puckered up and started flailing her arms around like a mad woman and blew warm air into her gripped palms to try and warm them up. 
‘Here.’ Logan handed her his gloves and stuffed his hands into his pockets instead.
‘Thanks.’ She tried in vain to get them on but her hands were too shaken and icy cold. She had lost most of her movement. He helped her with them and started rubbing her shoulders vigorously. 
‘Rub your chest, your hands will take care of themselves once you increase the circulation that way.’ He told her and started patting the tops of her shoulders. 
‘Oh you would like that.’ That was brave. She blushed. He smiled but wasn’t thrown by it. 
‘Either you’re too young or I’m too old. But thanks for that offer.’ He knew there was probably nothing behind that. Not even a glimmer of attraction that he could sense or lust either but it was funny and raised their spirits if not their body temperatures. He just kept smiling and enjoyed how embarrassed she had made herself. She tried to turn the path of conversation.
‘How old are you anyway?’ They had started walking but the cold was as bitter as death. It was important to get the blood pumping but not so much that they started to sweat. Sweating would just raise their body temperature too far and waste energy cooling back down again. A gentle but eager pace would do it. They still had to get out of the City soon. 
‘I can’t even remember.’ He admitted and he wasn’t joking either. 
‘Shut up!’ That seemed alien to her. 
‘I’m serious. I stopped counting or even thinking about it a very long time ago.’ 
‘Then you must at least know what year you were born in.’ She kept pushing and wouldn’t just let it go. 
‘I tell you what, if we make it out of here, to the end of whatever this brings us to, I’ll tell you.’ He promised her. 
‘You have a deal.’ She smiled and punched him in the arm playfully. 
He had forgotten all about his radio. It started crackling in his pocket as the signal broke through. 
‘This is hummingbird do you read General Logan?’ The voice played out the same sentence over and over again. He stuffed his hand into his trouser pocket and retrieved the radio. He held the transmit button firmly with his cold and icy finger. 
‘Affirmative. This is General Logan. Sorry for the delay.’ He spoke gently into the radio speaker and made sure to keep checking around for zombies. 
The buildings had shortened and there were fewer high rises there. They had ridden the train all the way through the city and out to the outskirts. It was a disorientating place but it looked like they were somewhere north of the Bronx.
‘Good thing sir this was my last try.’ The friendly and trustworthy voice replied. 
‘Any chance of getting that ride now?’ He glanced over to Lizzie, she had an obvious look of hope in her eyes, a short helicopter ride out of the mess was much more appealing than a very long and cold walk. 
‘Copy that General, do you have another signal flare?’ 
‘My last one.’ 
‘Give us five minutes. That’s zero five.’ 
‘Take your time kid I’m just starting to have fun.’ He joked and the controller didn’t reply. Radio discipline was obviously going out of the window very slowly. 
It was getting dark. Being underground most of the day had altered their perception of time and they hadn’t noticed the day slip away. Cygan hadn’t launched yet. He had only given them half a day. Perhaps there was a chance he had reconsidered. Logan couldn’t help but hope but didn’t indulge Lizzie in it too. 
The sun still hadn’t broken through the thick cloud that promised even more snow but the Earth was certainly sinking slowly into darkness. With this kind of cloud cover they could only hope for another half hour to an hour of light at best. Hopefully the mechanized Army unit had pulled back far enough to a safe distance and would be able to take them to Valhalla, where Abraham would be waiting for them at the screening net they had erected. 
The cold was biting harder and faster as every second of daylight slipped away. If, for any reason, this helicopter ride failed, there was no way to survive the night. Not outside the comfort of Lizzie’s impressively fortified flat and not with the threat of a nuclear strike looming over their heads. They decided to stay put and wait for the helicopter. There was no point keeping moving and make it harder for them to be found. 
‘They get more active at night.’ Lizzie looked visibly worried as the skies slowly darkened and the night settled in around them. ‘Did you not know that?’ She challenged his quizzical look. 
‘Yes.’ How could he not? ‘Though I’ve never spent a full night in an infected area.’ He was busy counting his magazines and calculating in his head how many of them he could put down with what ammo he had. 
‘There’s a lot more of them to get a lot more active here.’ She was looking up and down the street for any movement. 
Logan had forgotten that she had a story too. There was no telling what she had done to survive and how she had made it up until the point they had met. He had not thought. For all he knew she might have just been the poor little damsel in distress, despite her abilities as a police officer, and he had swooped in to take her by the hand and save her life. 
‘Just relax.’ He assured her but still drew both of his Desert Eagles. He almost lied to her and said that no matter what everything would be ok. He had said that to Jenny back in the library in England. It only took her a few hours after that to drop dead then rise again. That wasn’t going to happen to her. 
‘They will be here soon and we can get out of here.’ He continued trying to calm her down. 
She hadn’t drawn her weapon.
‘You’re out of ammo?’ He asked and glanced to her gun that she still had shoved down her trousers. 
‘Yeah.’ She admitted sheepishly. ‘I only had one magazine in my house. It was supposed to be for burglars not zombies…’ That made sense. Why would she need ammo enough to take down a full city of people? 
‘Here.’ He handed her one of his Desert Eagles but she nearly dropped it by the sheer weight of the thing. ‘Do not lose that.’ He ordered her with a heavy emphasis on the “not”. They were a trademark for him. Sort of a symbol of what he was and the kind of man he was. 
She just nodded a few times and studied it to find her way around the gun. The safety, the weight, the load and round count. In the distance he could hear the soft whooping noise of the helicopter’s blades swing through the cold evening air. That would be like a dinner bell resounding through the empty echoing and cavernous city, drawing every hungered ravenous zombie for miles. 
‘Thirty seconds out General, send up the flare.’ That was hummingbird coming in over the radio. He reached into his back pocket and hit the flare hard off the but of his gun to ignite it. It crackled into life and spewed red smoke and thrashing sparks all over the empty street. 
‘I think I see one.’ Lizzie warned Logan as soon as she saw the first one stumble down the street ahead. They got faster when they had a purpose, something to chase, something to eat. The stumble evolved into a stagger and eventually into a clumsy run. They were still uncoordinated and hopeless at it but it was a run nonetheless. He fired one shot at a seemingly impossible distance. It went down and didn’t get back up again. He could have made that shot after all. 
‘Make it fast hummingbird, Reggie just got wind of us.’ Logan shouted down the radio as the darkened sky erupted to the sound of a hundred howls. The helicopter was directly overhead in seconds and started its controlled descent. The zombies were closing in from both ends of the street but they were not the most troublesome! 
The ones in the buildings to either side started throwing themselves right through the glass windows and down into the icy street below. Some of them still had night clothes on and some of them were dressed and ready for office work. Every other one would snap clean in half almost as they landed haphazard on the solid ice below. Some bent and twisted on impact but it didn’t stop them from coming. They dragged their broken and twisted bodies along the snow, snarling and drooling black ooze all over the place. 
‘What are you waiting for?’ He yelled. ‘Start shooting!’ She opened fire, holding the heavy gun tightly with both hands. She adapted to it quickly and hit every single one of them clean between the eyes. She really was a sharpshooter. 
Logan held his one handed and managed the same kill rate but they didn’t stop coming. They piled out of the windows and fell slamming down to the street below ready to attack. The air erupted to the sound of gunfire as the army guy’s opened fire from the back of the helicopter with automatic rifles. That hit them harder and many more fell. The iced street ran red and black with spilled blood. 
‘We are not landing!’ The gunner in the back of the helicopter yelled at the top of his lungs over the punching sound of the rotating blades and continuous gunfire. ‘Get your asses over here, with respect, Sir!’ He was sarcastic as Hell but the General didn’t mind at all. He liked grunts with attitude. Much preferred them in fact to the suck up types. 
‘Go!’ He yelled at Lizzie beside him who had lined up her next target. ‘I’ll keep you covered!’ He ordered her one last time as she blew another head off another zombie. She ducked quickly and threw herself into the open back helicopter. 
One of the guy’s in there pulled her down to a seat and buckled the harness as fast as he could. The gunner then tapped the General on the shoulder to let him know it was clear. He then took over the line of fire to maintain a continuous bullet hail.
Logan jumped up into the seat and threw on his own harness. He then raised his gun one last time and fired one last shot to kill one last zombie that clawed at his feet. 
The helicopter hovered tenuously over the snow and pulled back up into the air now that all passengers were aboard safely. One of the gunners handed out two sets of ear muffs that had microphones built into them. That would drown out the ambient noise but still allow them to talk to each other. 
‘You like the ride?’ The pilot asked calmly. Lizzie hadn’t even noticed in the heat of battle. 
‘Where did you steal this from, CNN?’ Logan joined in with the banter. 
It was a civilian news helicopter. It still had the banner of whatever network it was from pasted to the side. Come to think of it, the mounted gun had been expertly grafted to whatever pivot point the camera would normally stand on, to give it the best arc of fire. 
‘Yes Sir, just had to make a deal with the weather girl first.’ He joked. Dumb ass. Logan thought but didn’t say. 
‘Thanks for the pickup.’ Lizzie shouted up. She felt so out of place. She was just a cop and felt that these tough as Hell army grunts wouldn’t like her. 
‘No problem.’ That was the pilot again. ‘It looks like your emergency broadcast worked General Logan. Look down below.’ 
They had flown a while now and were a good few miles from the site of their battle. Below was a caravan of refugees, a good mile long, all making their way down the freeway to the possible safety of the WDC containment net. Logan couldn’t make out any detail from that height and going that speed but there were a lot of people.
‘Are they protected?’ He asked the pilot, tearing his gaze away from the window and the long column of refugees all trudging through the snow. 
‘Check that Sir, one tank and a rifle unit.’ He could just about see the tanks escort the groups of refugees from the front. In the crowds he could see the odd uniformed man with a powerful assault rifle at the ready. 
‘Who do you take your orders from?’ Logan asked, remembering that they were technically still a military outfit, and that the last known surviving commander of the United States military was Lieutenant General John Cygan. 
‘That would be you at this moment in time Sir.’ Neither of the two gunners were talking at all. They were just hanging out of the still open doors with their eyes peeled for walking dead on the horizon. ‘Cygan might have sent us here but I consider myself, at this point in my career, as entirely freelance.’ The pilot said cryptically. At least that meant no one there was a die-hard supporter of Cygan and his bull. 
The sun had entirely set and the city was cast in darkness completely. Only the powerful lights on the helicopter, and similarly powerful ones mounted to the tank at the front of the refugee column, lit the way. 
‘Drop the “Sir“.’ Logan eventually replied and slouched back into his horribly uncomfortable seat. ‘I’m retired.’ He asserted for the second time in just one day.
He leaned back in his seat with his hand over his mouth in a moment’s reflection. Abraham had only been able to make contact with this one last mechanized force in the known world. This was the last army left known to anyone and they had just placed him in charge. General Cygan might have had his command of a few scared people in the boarded up White House but Logan had these men pledge allegiance to him. 
That was some weight to carry all at once. He thought about the rest of the world. He had been in New York, and therefore, out of the loop for quite some time. There was no telling just how hard the rest of the world had been hit, or even if anyone else was left alive in it. 
He had to try again. He had to get a hold of Cygan and try one last time to change his mind. 
“Cygan?”
“I copy Logan. I sure hope you made like a Coyote and ran like a teenage girl at a Justin Bieber concert?”
“I’m clear of the kill zone. Hold off on the nuclear strike indefinitely Cygan. I have an unconfirmed number of refugees on route to the containment net for screening.” 
“Damn it Logan I’m telling you half of those refugees will be infected anyway. Probably more.” 
“Just cancel the strike and focus on saving lives! These are people we are talking about. The more people we save the better chance we have of having a tomorrow! There won’t be a world to save if you do this.” 
“You won’t change my mind son.” 
“This isn’t you trying to save the world anymore is it? This is scorched Earth! You think we can’t survive this and if there’s no place left for us then you would rather see the Earth burn than the monster’s walk all over it!” 
“Would you rather I said different? Would you rather I sentenced the Earth to rot or set in on fire myself?” 
“I’d rather you helped me save it. There is still time! We can do it together. We can stop this.” 
“Forgive me my friend. And don’t judge me.” 
Cygan cut the connection and Logan started slamming the radio against the wall of the helicopter in rage. The crew in the helicopter had heard the entire conversation and feared the worst. The pilot cranked it and the helicopter lurched forward on a tilted angle. 
In only moments the sky ignited like the sun had risen in only a second. A thunderous roar erupted on the horizon with a tremendous explosion. The bass and tremble of it shredded their ears in a disorientating vibration. The wind whipped across the city behind and threw the helicopter forward. The alarm sounded but the pilot was good and brought the machine back into line with artistic control of the throttle and stick. 
The mushroom cloud extended up into the dark sky and spewed up debris into the lower atmosphere of the Earth. Logan was angry as Hell. He had just about stopped short of crushing the radio before his sense came back to him. 
Lizzie placed her hand gently on his knee. He wanted to throw her off in a rage but he looked up into her innocent face and tearful eyes and couldn’t do it. He just squeezed her hand in his. More to comfort her than himself. 
He breathed hard and gritted his teeth. How many lives were just pointlessly extinguished? How many refugees that didn’t get far enough away? How many people holed up in the city too scared and too surrounded to try to make it out? 
Cygan had to be stopped. Friend or not. But there had been something different about the way he had spoken on the radio though. He was angrier this time. More desperate. When Logan accused him of reaching for a ‘scorched Earth’ tactic he was just pulling at strings hoping that one of them would prompt an emotional response. 
But maybe he had hit the nail on the head. Maybe Cygan had lost hope of saving the world and would rather see it burn by his own match than see it fall to the armies of the un-dead. 
Chapter Twelve
Screening, Valhalla
The rest of the ride was condemned to silence. Logan was understandably furious. He fidgeted in his seat and kept clenching his jaw. Lizzie wanted so bad to make him feel better but she decided it was for the best to leave him alone and just be there for him if he asked. He never would. 
The pilot shouted up again with the only break to the numbing silence. 
‘Ten minutes out.’ He called over the radio. That was a relief. The two gunners were watching the mushroom cloud behind slowly fall away and rain debris down on the flattened city. The once great city of New York. 
Their discipline was admirable. They sat unflinching and glued to their guns. Was it that? Was it a dedication to their cause or was it that they had given up too? Lizzie took out her diary to write another paragraph or two. 
I love him. There is no other word that I can find that satisfies how I feel about him. I don’t love him as a woman loves a man in marriage. I don’t love him physically. But I have never met a man so powerful or so caring before. I don’t know what he carries on his shoulders or what drives him to do what he does. I don’t know why he feels so passionately for others and wants to help people but I love him for it.
 I would have died so many times, just today, if he hadn’t been there for me. There I was. Kidding myself, balled up like a frightened hamster, trapped in my apartment fooling myself into thinking it was all going to pass. There I was feeling sorry for myself because the few friends I had, had died in the first few waves of the flu and whatever the flu became. Too frightened to make a stand and get myself out of there. If he hadn’t exploded into my life when he did I’d have been vaporized with the rest of my city after probably having been raped. 
He kept me alive sneaking through those subway stations too. Then in the fight to get out of the city by helicopter. I trust him completely and I’ve only known him for a day. I don’t know how I feel at the moment. I know that without General Logan I’d be a dead woman and I know that because of who he is and nothing more that I love him. 
But I can’t feel anything for the zombies. The “faceless” zombies, like he calls them, that representation of the faceless mass. Maybe he was right though. Maybe it’s because something boiling and simmering below the surface meant that we were starting to hate our lives and the systems that we live by. Sick of this same old democracy, sick of the banks holding all of the money, sick of the way that we all have to live our lives in servitude to something bigger but nameless and in itself also faceless. 
We are born. We grow up; hopefully with a sense of innocence while we are young, then we start school to learn how to function in the societal construct that we have made. Then we have to get jobs, pretend we are useful, so we can pay our taxes. Get a house. Pay a mortgage. Pay our bills. 
Then they have us right where they want us. Trapped. Trapped in the mechanisms of our own spasmodic economy so the rich can stay rich and the poor can stay poor. Maybe Logan was right. 
Maybe I’m not afraid of the zombies, or more that I don’t care for the people they were, because they are tearing the world down for me. Maybe I should be grateful to them. Every day should be absolute. Every day should be a battle to survive. That doesn’t mean we can’t, or we won’t, be happy. Because that way we can be the captains of our own ships. The architects of our own destiny. And if we don’t make it then it’s our own damn fault. 
‘Prepare to touchdown.’ That was the pilot again. That ushered her out of her own thoughts and back into the real world. Logan was still staring out the window aimlessly. Letting his anger and rage boil over. His eyes slowly lost their harsh stare as he calmed himself. 
The pilot had spotted his landing site. It was nothing more than a sphere of cleared street. The snow had been brushed back with hard work to clear a flat easy surface to land upon. The small town of Valhalla was unrecognizable as a place to live. 
The snow was thinner here but it had still covered the whole mass of houses in a white sheet. It was still cold too. The lake had frozen clean over. That was where the containment and screening tent was placed. Logan had insisted upon it being placed right on the frozen river. It was more defendable that way he argued. 
There were explosive charges rigged to the ice ready to sink the pop up facility if there was ever a containment issue. Abraham would be inside. 
The helicopter touched down but Logan was stood up and ready to jump out. The pilot was back on the radio but to someone else this time. Maybe that tank unit from back on the freeway. Logan quickly remembered that he was supposed to be in charge: 
‘Head back for a BDA and get back to me as soon as possible.’ Logan ordered over the radio, awaited the response “Affirmative General, en route” and handed back his headphone set. The pilot kept the helicopter hovering and didn’t quite touchdown. He would head right back the way he came and back to the city for the BDA (Battle Damage Assessment). 
It wouldn’t be good. There would be no one left alive to save. At some point the column of refugees would turn into charred remains. And those at the back of the convoy would be lucky not to die an agonizing death with radiation sickness. Becoming a zombie would have been preferable. 
Lizzie jumped down from the helicopter seat and patted the gunner on the shoulder in thanks. He just nodded and returned his trained eyes back down the sight of his gun. Logan turned back to see her. 
‘Come on.’ He said. ‘There’s someone I want you to meet.’ They stepped out onto the ice after brushing past a few frozen stiff trees. Their icy branches creaked and groaned in protest to having been moved. The snow crunched rhythmically below their heels with each pace. 
The containment tent was located some distance out onto the ice. There were a pack of dog’s guarding the tent ahead with a couple of handlers. The dogs remained still so the handlers didn’t even challenge the two of them. They just smiled and half nodded in their direction. They were soldiers sent to them by Cygan. Probably with no affiliation to any Ar5my or unit any more. There really was nothing left.
‘Dogs?’ Lizzie whispered in his ear. 
‘Yeah. They have this odd sense for zombies. They can sense things we can’t. See better, smell better, and have more emotional intelligence than most of the guys I’ve ever known.’ 
There were five gorgeous Alsatian dogs laid out on the snow. They had thermal coats on to keep them warm. They looked cute and nice as anything. But they were massive. Not the kind of dogs you wanted to be on the wrong side of. 
The containment tent was white and pristine. It was held up with compressed air, not a rigid frame, so was easily collapsible. There was a huge diesel generator thumping away up ahead. That would be what was compressing the air and keeping the lights on. Hopefully the heating too. There was a guard right by the generator with a sniper partner. One had binoculars and was scouring the edges of the lake. The other had his rifle sight glued to his eye and scanned the immediate forward area. They both wore black and had night vision at the ready. 
The night had settled in. Refugees were en route and there were sure to be some zombie stragglers around. The show of force made Lizzie relax quite accidentally. She sensed she was safe and sort of let go a little. 
The overgrown tent had a doorway opened up with two guards stationed at either side of it. Logan walked in first. They both raised a salute but it was an unenergetic one at best. 
Abraham was there waiting for them. He had a white coat on, just like always, and a breathing mask over his mouth. He was covered from head to foot with protective clothing. Thin pink gloves and waterproof trousers over his jeans. A twitch under his plastic mask gave away his smile. 
‘Oh.’ He hadn’t expected to see Lizzie. ‘Refugees to the right.’ He smiled. She could tell because the face mask he had on kept twitching upwards and stayed there as he held out a welcome hand to the ominous looking plastic door to his immediate right. She was so convinced by him that she was about to obey and walk away. 
‘She’s with me.’ Logan stopped her by grabbing for her hand and pulling her back. 
‘Oh I’m so sorry. I hadn’t realized we were recruiting.’ He maintained his smile and his joke was obvious. Just on the right side of subtle to not be offensive. He added: ‘Though by the looks of the WDC talent pool at the moment we really ought to.’ He even managed a nervous chuckle. Logan shot him a confused and somewhat condescending look. 
‘You don’t talk to many women do you Doctor?’ Logan smiled and started winding him up, sensing Abraham had become uncomfortable. At that moment, completely unprompted, a group of three nurses dressed exactly as the Doctor, rushed in from the door to the right with two white coats and bottled disinfectants. 
They started spraying it liberally over the two of them and ripped Logan’s jacket right off his shoulders without asking. Lizzie started panicking when they progressed to take everything from her, stopping only at her white vest top. They quickly began to stink of strong bleach. 
The scent stung the backs of their nostrils but at least cleared their nasal cavities. 
‘Hey!’ She screamed in opposition and started tugging for her police jacket. 
‘Just relax.’ Logan said softly. ‘Abe likes to be thorough.’ He looked right at his friend, the Doctor. ‘Isn’t that right Abe?’ Abe could have easily made Lizzie feel better but he lacked the emotional intelligence to know he should have. Instead he latched onto what Logan had said before. 
‘I’m going to let them do whatever they want to you after that last crack at me. Below the belt a bit General?’ He stood hands in pockets gloating. 
Lizzie did relax though. She couldn’t remember when she had last heard someone make a joke or have a stab at situational comedy. Logan just, as usual, bulldozed over the emotional tension. 
‘Why the light mood Doctor?’ He asked as the nurses pulled his white coat on for him and slapped a face mask over his growing beard. 
‘I have something to show you.’ He raised his eyebrows cryptically and turned to walk away. 
They proceeded down the inflated hall behind them and through a set of hinged plastic doors. The plastic, mopped and disinfected, floor creaked below every step. The heating was pumping away liberally but they could feel the ice and powerful cold on the soles of their feet running up from beneath. 
He had caught one! 
‘Getting those electrodes on wasn’t fun.’ The Doctor joked at the thrashing, sniveling and enraged zombie that was tied to a hospital bed in the next area. It was enclosed in a separate area of the tent. A more secure and thicker plastic formed the walls of its cell. 
The only way in was a firm door installed in the only metal frame of the structure that had a separate keypad and card access point. There was no way that door was ever opening again though. The Doctor had electrodes all over the decaying and burned body of the zombie, a male, not too long dead. 
He could read any brain signal it sent out and assess the creature from relative safety. Logan immediately went into protective, patriarchal mode. 
‘You armed?’ He asked and stared at Abraham for a few seconds. But the Doctor was captivated in the shrieks of the captured zombie. 
‘Hmm? Oh yes, yes, I have a pistol on my belt. Besides it’s perfectly secure and how else do you suppose I study it?’ The Doctor had a point. He could learn a lot from a specimen in the rotting flesh. 
Logan had other priorities though. His mind was fixated on Cygan. He had destroyed one major city of the world. He had inadvertently opened up the nuclear solution to all and any other governments in hiding too. What one country did the others would follow. He had to be stopped and at all costs. 
‘Have you learned anything at all yet, Doctor?’ Lizzie asked while staring at the trapped and enraged creature. He didn’t reply right away. They just watched the beast thrash violently against the leather straps that held it firmly onto the bed. The metal creaked and groaned under strain of its constant flailing. The metal chains rattled together eerily. 
Watching the zombie was nauseating for her. She had almost forgotten that dizzy spell back in the subway station and the sneeze with blood in it. She had put it down to nothing, the exhaustion of having to move and fight after a long period of being sedentary, and ignored it. It was just a silly headache and a lack of food or something. It wasn’t going to upset her. 
‘No.’ He answered plain and clear but turned to her with a geeky, life filled and enthusiastic smile. ‘But that’s the whole point sometimes.’ He turned his attention back to the dead victim. 
This one had obviously been in an accident. It was burned from head to toe. Some of its skin had peeled away to reveal pale bone and flesh. A fracture in its leg resulted in a charred protruding bone sticking out at an odd angle. His hair was charred and frail. It had burned like nylon and matted right into the flesh of his skull. The zombie was revolting to look at. Lizzie was starting to feel a little sick but held it together like a trooper. 
‘I don’t get it.’ She had to steady her shaken voice and fight back the bile rising up the back of her throat. A short sentence was all she could manage. Abraham smiled victoriously. 
‘Sometimes you can learn from what is not obvious, or what is less obvious, more so than you can learn from what stares you in the face.’ He was happy. He was in his element. He had a puzzle to solve and he had the best mind in the world that could do it. 
Lizzie just nodded. Another sentence would have been too much effort. 
Logan just stood there. Arms folded with that irritating calm and smug look about him. His face didn’t alter. He was in a trance of some kind it seemed. He was either thinking hard about what his next move against General Cygan might be, or he was studying the creature too. That burned zombie with the crumpled flesh and charred body. But he had no gag reflex or terror in his eyes. Those cold grey eyes. 
The Doctor and Lizzie continued their conversation without him. 
‘Let me explain.’ The Doctor continued and led her over to a single computer monitor on a lonely white desk in the corner of the inflated lab. 
‘I can’t tell you what these creatures are per say.’ He continued and sat down to turn the computer on. He pointed to images that flashed up on the screen. Gold, bronze and pink colored scans of the zombie’s brain in each different stage. Front to back. 
‘But I can tell you what they are not.’ He pushed his thin glasses back up his nose and pointed to the screen with a single finger. 
‘They aren’t alive.’ He seemed pleased with himself on that observation alone. Lizzie scoffed at him. 
‘I thought we had that one figured already.’ She leaned over him and pulled down her face mask. That annoyed him a little but he said nothing after a small irritated sigh. There was no point in protesting. 
‘But did we?’ He asked her almost giddy. ‘The high school definition of alive is that an organism must eat, reproduce, move, respire and all of those things they actually do! You see, muscles must be fed in order to move, that is why they still breathe. They reproduce in a sense in that they infect the living and another of their kind is produced. They certainly move. And they certainly eat. So by that definition they do live.’ He turned around to meet her confused facial expression.
She wasn’t the best in the class at school. All she wanted to be was a cop and hadn‘t really stuck school or even let anything much sink in while she was there. She just leaned there against the back rest of his seat and waited for him to continue. 
‘Now let’s get technical.’ She though he had already been technical. ‘A living organism must pass the following checklist to be considered alive in medical and biological terms. They must undergo metabolism, they must maintain homeostasis, they must possess a capacity to grow, they must respond to exogenous stimuli, they reproduce, and they must adapt to environmental conditions using a slow process of natural selection. Or evolution.’ Logan had wandered over to join them. 
He had only been half listening. It was easy to forget, given his more obvious talent as a military leader, that he was also an educated Doctor himself. Abraham was saying nothing that he didn’t know already. That hadn’t stopped him becoming curious though. Abraham carried on riding his own adrenaline. 
‘Our zombies do eat!’ He said ecstatically. ‘But their organs are genuinely dead so no metabolism, or digestion, takes place. Any flesh they consume just rots in their non-functional stomach. There’s a fail on point one. They are decaying in front of us. Some of them are even starting to rot as they stand. So they possess no ability to maintain homeostasis. Their entropy levels are failing. Or we could say that they can barely hold themselves together against external forces such as rot and bacteria. The flesh is genuinely dead too. A fail on point two. They do not grow as we have discovered because they do not even eat to sustain themselves.’
‘They eat through instinct not through need. Another fail. They do respond to external stimulus. One pass to three fails so far. They reproduce but only in the sense that the virus within passes from carrier to carrier. Even if I count that generously as a pass that only makes two passes to three fails. Make that four fails when we look at the final point. They cannot grow, do not maintain themselves against entropy, and do not reproduce as an organism. That, therefore, means they cannot partake in evolution.’ 
That was thorough. Lizzie thought to herself and stood up to see a rare look of fascination on Logan’s eyes. Abraham was looking around at the two of them, almost like he was expecting someone to finish his thoughts for him and wrap it all up. It didn’t happen. Whatever revelation he had stumbled upon was truly his own at that point. 
‘So what does this mean?’ Lizzie couldn’t bare the judgmental silence anymore and conceded defeat. Her high school science had let her down. Abraham was stunned, a little insensitively, by her ignorance. Logan had to finish the thought. 
‘What keeps them walking and eating then? That’s what it means.’ Logan joined the conversation for the first time in a while. He still had his arms folded over his broad chest. Lizzie couldn’t help but admire him. His strong arms and bulky chest ready to burst out of that white coat he had on. He had ripped off the face mask too. The place was sterile and the virus no longer airborne. What would it matter? 
‘Exactly!’ Abraham almost shouted ecstatically. ‘Look, see for yourself!’ He used the computer mouse to bring up more cross section scans of the zombie’s brain. Most of the image on the screen was black but some areas of the brain were lit up in colors of exuberant pink and rosy red. 
‘There.’ Logan pointed. ‘What is that?’ He was studying the areas of the brain that were lit up in color. Abraham lost his excitement but slowly answered his question. 
‘Those are the areas of the brain that are alive. Those are the areas that the virus keeps awake and functional. They govern basic movement and motor neuron control, but also instinct and very interestingly, memory.’ Abraham trailed off at the end of his sentence there. 
Lizzie was lost. She had to admit that. She had fallen into staring right into Logan’s eyes. Those cold grey, but somehow, deep and beautiful eyes. She hadn’t heard a word for minutes. Logan stayed on the same line of inquiry: 
‘Why the Hell would the virus keep those parts alive at the expense of every other area of the brain?’ He leaned forward to study the images further. 
‘That’s the million dollar question my friend.’ Abraham conceded defeat. This was the furthest he had gotten in his study. He had nothing more to add and could only speculate at the next question. Logan patted him on the back sensing that he was becoming deflated again.
The Doctor had been hard at it for a long time. Much longer than Logan had. Even while he had been out there travelling, trying to enjoy his retirement, kidding himself into thinking he could find peace in the world. 
‘Keep on it kid.’ He always used that word when referring to his friends. Kid. He had almost taken offence when Cygan called him that. ‘Ask the questions everyone else is afraid to. Look in corners too dark to see in. I know you can do this Abe.’ Logan squeezed his palm over the Doctor’s shoulder and patted again. 
Abe just nodded and held his tired and weary head in his hands. Lizzie was unacceptably jealous of the attention Logan had given to Abe. What is wrong with you? Her angry thoughts bounced around her head. 
The radio Logan still had stuffed in his pocked started crackling as someone attempted to make contact. 
‘General Logan, Sir, requesting permission to land. Artillery and Mechanized unit safely escorted to base. Congratulations General. I count approximately three hundred refugees saved.’ Was that all? 
It was the pilot from the helicopter coming in clear through the radio. He had flown back to escort the rest of his unit home safely after the destruction of the city. At least a small portion of the column of refugees had survived. Logan stood bolt upright. 
‘Where are the military temporary headquarters?’ He hadn’t answered the radio call yet and directed his question at Abe. The pilot had seemed calm and under no pressure, there was a small sense of calm from his voice. 
‘In the fire station across the road, back on land.’ He pointed vaguely but didn’t lift his head or turn away from the computer monitor. It just cycled through the same hollow images of a dead brain. He held the radio to his mouth. 
‘Go ahead, pilot, landing zone clear. Refugees can start filing into the containment tent for screening and treatment. Gather your men and meet me at the fire station.’ Logan spoke clearly and held the radio to his ear for a reply. 
‘Copy General. Tank unit ten minutes out.’ The overly calm pilot replied and turned his radio off to maintain power. 
Pilots were odd like that. They had a sense of calmness to them, much the same kind Logan had. It was because they observed most of the battlefield from high above and had some detachment from it all. But it was also a personality trait that made them ideal to the job. Nobody could trust a pilot who was nervous and jittery.
Logan stuffed the radio back into the back pocket of his black combat trousers. They were scuffed and a little blood stained from the battles they had fought through in the city. No chance of a clean pair or getting them washed though. 
He started unfastening the knot at the back of his white coat and pulled it off his arms and back. He had started walking back through the door they entered through. Abraham didn’t say anything. He was immersed again in his work and didn’t tear his eyes away from the screen in front of him. 
Those nurses were in the entrance area again. They must have received the same radio transmission and were expecting the arrival of the refugee column any second. He passed his coat to the closest one and saw his thick leather jacket hung up on a free standing metal rack at the other side of the inflated room. He strode over and threw it back over his shoulders. Lizzie followed and threw away her white, oversized, coat at the first opportunity.
‘Where the Hell is my jacket?’ She suddenly turned angry and demanded to know where her coat was too when she saw hers wasn’t on the same rack. There was a lot of emotion creeping up on her that she hadn’t dealt with yet. She admired Logan but was trying to keep from falling for him like a silly girl with a crush. He anger was just all of that venting out. 
‘Disposed of due to possible contamination.’ One of the female nurses told her but didn’t give her any more time of day. 
‘What the Hell?’ She started to shout and threw up her skinny arms in protest. 
It made sense though. She had worn that coat in her last days as a police officer, when the city started to cave in under the pressure of the flu, which was at that time still only a flu. Any chance of contamination was taken seriously and burned at the first chance. It was WDC protocol. 
But she was having none of it. That was her last relic to her former life. Her last memory of her time as a police officer. Gone and burned without even a single word. 
‘Come on Liz, let it go.’ Logan protested impatiently. He didn’t have a sentimental bone in his body. Apart from his strange connection to those Desert Eagles of his. 
He could just see the clock ticking and time slipping away. Cygan would be planning his next move and Logan needed to be the one to stop him. The world wasn’t going to be saved by blasting it back into the last century. 
‘Oh sure, so I’ll just fucking freeze then.’ She tried even harder to solicit a response from the nurse. She just stood there and tried her best to ignore Lizzie. Arms behind her back and waiting a little fidgety for the start of the refugee column. Logan had paced back over to grab Lizzie by the arm. He pulled her away but did it gently. There was no need for this. 
Lizzie felt immediately guilty. It was silly. She was just making things harder than they needed to be and this poor nurse had her own problems to deal with. She had her job to do too. To save as many people as possible. 
‘Alright!’ She shouted again. Even though she knew she was in the wrong she didn’t back down. ‘I’m coming.’
Logan let go of her as they approached the doorway. Those same guards were still stood there in the icy cold. It stuck to her the second they stepped outside. With nothing on other than her vest top the cold pierced right down to her veins in only a second. 
‘Here.’ Logan said gently and took off his own jacket. He pulled it over her slender shoulders and wrapped it tightly around her. It was far too big but she just folded it over and cuddled the excess material around her chest. 
‘Thanks.’ She had to admit she was a little embarrassed. He didn’t care though. Something about people with attitude entertained him and he enjoyed being around them.
Lizzie had fight left in her and frankly that just made him like her all the more. He felt the cold immediately but he liked it. The sharp, icy and burning cold just sharpened his senses and made him more alert. He liked it because it tested him too. It tested his calm and staying power. Being comfortable in the cozy warm was easy, something that anyone could do. Being uncomfortable but being ok with being uncomfortable was something else though.
‘Is he your friend?’ Lizzie asked after a few short paces across the snow. 
‘Abe?’ 
‘Yeah?’ She pushed on. 
‘I guess he is. Even though I haven’t known him long. Some people you can just trust. You know? Whatever it is that makes him who he is, is built on a trustworthy character.’ Logan didn’t resent the question. He already knew a lot about Lizzie. That she was a cop but worked alone. That she was single and had been for at least the near past and had no close friends. But she knew nothing about Logan other than what she could tell by the kind of man he was. 
‘No other friends?’ She pushed the issue further. Logan thought but only for a second. 
‘Cygan I guess.’ He smiled victoriously at her. He knew she didn’t get how those two could still be friends. 
Logan could put intense, seemingly irresolvable, differences aside from a friendship and see those two things as different entities or different lives. She had no idea how. She slipped into feeling sorry for herself. 
‘I think this would have hit me harder if I’d had closer friends. Ones that I knew were dead.’ She admitted. There was a hint of resentment in her voice. She seemed like she almost resented her own life decisions and blamed them for her own isolation. She had consumed herself with work from the very beginning and cared about nothing other than becoming, and then just being, a cop. 
That seemed like one intensely hollow victory after all of those things were torn down and being a cop meant less than the three letter, one syllable, word: “cop”. 
Logan could sense her regret and he felt compelled through some unknown reason to be the one to comfort her. He had been the one to declare them partners. It was his duty to her on that professional level, and on a friendship level too. 
‘Friends are sometimes inconstant anyway.’ He smiled at her through cold, gritted teeth. ‘Friends leave and lead their own lives when you part at the end of school or college, and that’s ok I guess. But some can be fickle if the ties that bind the friendship together brake for any reason. They can fall out over silly little things. Few people discover bonds that tie them together for life. Kind of like a transcendental friendship. I don’t think you should worry too much, or assess your self-worth against, how many friends you used to have on social media.’ She laughed at him. 
A cheeky little chuckle that was followed by a smile that just wouldn’t fade. Even there in the dark and the cold she felt warm with him. He kept going: 
‘I imagine there are a lot of dead people out there who had three hundred or more “social media friends” but found themselves alone when things got real.’ Logan matched her wide smile. ‘A friendship that ties people together, even tighter than family ties, is the only kind worth having.’ He was talking about her and that made her blush a little. The color change in her freezing white cheeks was embarrassing for her but funny to him. He laughed again and shoved her playfully. 
The fire station was dead ahead through a thin veil of lightly falling snow. It stretched over two floors and was connected directly to a three story high house. It was slate colored under the snow. It was a charming place and would have made a nice home for the fire chief of the town before any of this happened. 
The window boxes protruded out gently and each had a slated triangle roof of its own. There was no damage and Lizzie liked the thought that entered her mind, that the crew had gotten out, and the family that lived there had high-tailed it north at the first sign of trouble. 
That they were alive around a campfire roasting chestnuts and barbequing a deer steak each. It was a comforting and heart-warming tale but one that must have been fiction. 
It was right over the road from the frozen lake. The helicopter crew was down already and waiting for them outside. 
Chapter Thirteen
Civil War, Military Coup De Tat 
It was comforting and warm in the fire station. Especially when they finally got the fire going, cased inside an empty and upright oil drum. They all stood warming their cold hands over the tall licking flames. The pilot, his two gunners, Logan and Lizzie. She had found a fireman’s jacket and returned Logan’s. It was, surprisingly, a nice fit. 
They had holed up in the main garage of the fire station. It was a cavernous and grey place with a single fire engine left behind in the darkness. It sat there motionless with its ladder propped over the top and its hoses reeled around in the middle. 
It was a radiant red color and stretched to an impressive twenty or so feet long. The tires alone were almost half her size. The cabin, itself the size of a long estate car with both front and back seats, faced forward to the enormous metal shutter. 
The fire from the overturned oil drum licked the darkness gently and teasingly. The truck beamed a lovingly washed red in the flickering light. Logan and the two gunners pulled a long wooden tool bench over the bare concrete floor over to the oil drum fire. That made for a nice bench to sit on with enough space to fit them all on and more besides. 
It was just high enough to lose themselves in the warmth of the fire but still see over to the windows at the far side of the garage. The windows had been barred, quite professionally, with thick blocks of wood. Three thick planks over each of the two windows which left only small gaps where glass was still visible behind. The fire officers had made the place pretty safe but had ultimately decided not to stay. 
The pilot had instantly reported that New York had been flattened. Only a few buildings were left standing on the outskirts of the city but the rubble was still falling and the sky blackened beyond sight. No surprises then. 
There would have been no one left alive. No chance at all. Even if there had been there would be no hope of finding them. Not on the resources of one helicopter, a few grunts with limited ammo, and a tank. 
‘The fire’s going out.’ Lizzie stood up from her little side of the wooden tool bench and peered into the oil drum. She was coming down with a headache and felt colder than she should with the thick black fire jacket she had on. She didn’t want to cause a fuss or look weak in front of the guys so she said nothing. 
She hadn’t eaten right in weeks. Especially not after leaving the relative comfort of her flat. So she put her sudden feeling of weakness and lack of concentration down to that. The fireman jacket rubbed and creaked with each sway of her step. It was deathly silent and every single noise seemed amplified. The wood they had salvaged from the garage, just old chocks and supports for the engines, were burned to black charred cinders and had been reduced mostly to ash. 
She looked up to see Logan still staring at the floor through his crossed legs. He had been pretty quiet since they got back from the emergency lab set up over the ice. He was probably thinking about General Cygan, his old friend turned enemy, and what his next move might be. He didn’t answer her. 
‘I’ll go find some more. Maybe a few doors we can break up from the house.’ She offered to her silent crowd. Outside of the heat of action the helicopter crew had changed a little. They were all sat in a line across the same tool bench, each wearing their own unique reflective facial expressions, their minds crowded with thoughts of whatever home was or used to be. 
One of the gunners, his name was Jake, smiled at her and unhooked his radio from the top of his shoulder. It was wrapped around his cold ears and clipped onto his shirt under his stab vest. 
‘Here.’ He threw it for her but didn’t get up. She caught it and pressed the transmit button a few times so Logan could hear his radio click. That meant he knew it was working and she would be able to call for help if she needed it. He nodded at her. 
‘Be careful.’ Logan ordered her and tapped his hip. That reminded her to check she was locked and loaded. She took out her 9 millimeter police pistol only to remember it was out of ammo. Jake, seeing her vacant look, toook a matching magazine from his waist and passed it to her. She re-loaded and pulled the catch back. One in the chamber and the safety on. 
She holstered it back behind her loose trousers and confidently strolled to the door behind them. She reached up and comfortingly squeezed Logan’s shoulder with one hand on her way past. He looked at her to see only a brief smile at the corner of her mouth. 
The door that led to the house was thick and strong. The key was in the keyhole and after a solid 360 degree turn the locks all turned, clunked, and the door swung freely forward away from the doorway. She pulled on it hard, took the key, stepped through the dark hall and locked it behind her. 
‘You banging that, General?’ That was the pilot. Logan just looked at him from his brooding stance, tried his hardest to be annoyed, but couldn’t help but see his humor and admire it. 
‘She’s easily young enough to be my daughter you dumb ass.’ He forced a laugh. The pilot was smiling from ear to ear. Every tooth gleamed in the fire light and sparkled with a whitened sheen. He had taken off his helmet for the first time. 
His face was old. Older than it should be. He wasn’t old in years but he was aged in experience and withered by the dead world around them. His face was wrinkled before it’s time and his thick hair had turned slowly from jet black to streaky grey. 
‘Is that a no?’ He pushed Logan even further but this time he didn’t reply. Jake, the gunner, perked up instead. 
‘I wouldn’t turn her down.’ He tried his best to get involved and banter with his crew but his nervousness was obvious. 
His voice gave away his youth and lack of real life experience. He forced a smile but his thin and cracked lips quivered. 
‘Did I mention I care about her like she is my daughter?’ Logan sounded stern and gave no glimpse into his mindset. He forced a hint of a smile away from his lips and doused his small laugh from before. He was winding the young gunner up. 
‘Sorry General.’ He said quickly, looked away, and his smile instantly faded. 
Logan, the pilot, and the other gunner just burst out laughing. Not a loud abrasive laugh but more a collective and friendly snigger. 
‘Relax kid.’ Logan shoved him so hard he almost fell off the edge of the bench. ‘Just keep focused on the job and don’t screw her around. She’s a good kid.’ 
‘What is the job at hand sir?’ Jake recoiled and tried to act like he knew it was all a wind-up. 
Logan sighed and a nervous silence followed. Jake was just a kid himself. Short blonde hair, shaved at the sides, with a tattoo on his temple of a red heart outlined in thick black under his right ear. The other gunner was a spitting double. Pretty much identical without the tattoo or shaved temples. 
‘Well…’ Logan began and shifted his position to dangle his legs over the bench. ‘You should probably stop calling me “Sir” and start making those decisions for yourselves.’ He took a look around at the three of them, pausing for a few seconds as he met each of their eyes. Nobody volunteered a response but they all held his cold stare in turn. 
‘I’m in no position to demand that you stay here, fight my war with me, and take on General Cygan and a mass army of un-dead zombies.’ Logan continued and focused on the pilot. He was, if not the commander, then the natural leader of the three strong helicopter crew. Still no response so Logan continued. 
‘You all must have families. You all have to make a decision about whether you want to break off and try to find your wives or girlfriends, or parents. Anybody at all.’ The pilot’s warm and inviting eyes changed gradually into cold and dark pools with a viscous stare. 
‘General.’ He stood arms folded and walked to the other side of the oil drum to try and draw some warmth from its dying embers. ‘Don’t think of any of us as idiots. I’ve flown that bird nonstop for weeks and watched the world burn through the windshield. I’ve put down more of “Reggie” than any other enemy I’ve even been put up against. Enough to secure a nice warm seat in Hell for me. We’re all alone at the end of the world.’
Logan interrupted him mid flow. ‘What’s your name, pilot?’ 
‘Good luck.’ That was the other gunner. He hadn’t even said a word yet. ‘This guy picked us up in Philly, saved our asses, and he won’t even tell us his rank never mind his name.’ 
‘I don’t need a name.’ The pilot shot back. ‘Nobody does. We’re all as dead as them.’ He gestured with his eyes and a sway of his shoulders to the metal shutters behind him. ‘We just don’t know it yet.’ He paused for just a second to see Logan’s face flicker back into life with a faint hint of a smile. 
Logan liked this guy. He sensed they were somewhere on the same wavelength or brainwave. He wanted him to keep talking. To see if he was right. 
‘Isn’t that amazing though?’ The pilot spoke fast and he was almost excited. ‘We’re all already dead, every one of us, and I swear to you I’m fucking glad we are! Now every day we live is a gift. We can be free of the things we think we live for and start living for ourselves.’ Jake started shaking his head and brushed his palm through his short stubble at the sides of his skull.
‘Shut up man I’m sick of hearing this bull.’ The pilot just ignored him and honed in on the fact he had an audience with Logan. 
‘I don’t know about you, Sir, but I’m sick of being sent to every backwater swamp on the Godless salty Earth to fight in a million wars that I didn’t chose for myself. To kill men I don’t know because he thinks a different way.’ He enunciated the word “Sir” in a mocking slur. Logan wore the same uniform and represented the same heartless war machine the pilot had begun to hate. 
‘But let me tell you what I do believe.’ He smiled again. That beaming, well looked after, childlike smile. He raised an almost accusing finger to Logan, a man who should have been his commander. ‘I believe in you! I can see it in you. If any sorry mother fucker at the end of civilization can drag this planet out of the grave I know it’s you.’ His teeth gritted and his jaw tightened. Almost like he was angry. ‘So I guess that makes us, for want of anything better to call it, partners. Your war just became mine.’ 
‘So what do I call you…? Hummingbird?’ Logan mocked. The General smiled like never before. He kept doing that. Changing the conversation once it got too intense for him. He didn’t care about what the pilot had just said. Or the weight of trust he had just placed firmly across Logan’s ample shoulders. He might have been the last hope of the dying world and he might not have been. But he had to admit, rather quickly in only a passing thought, that he relished in the chance to be.
‘We just call him “Jack”.’ That was the other Gunner again. The younger one. He raised his head from his slouched and tucked up sitting position. 
‘How come?’ Logan asked. 
‘Because we’ve never seen him without a bottle of “Jack” in his pocket. We’ve found him at the bottom of one or two as well.’ The pilot just winked and pulled out a distinct square shaped bottle from his top pocket. Logan laughed out loud in excitement. 
‘I guess we’ll get along just fine then.’ He paused his laughter and held out his hand to ask for a swig. 
‘No idea where he keeps getting them from but that’s the fifth I’ve seen him get to the bottom of in a week.’ The young gunner locked eyes with his pilot friend. The pilot, “Jack”, handed it over to Logan who slowly unscrewed it after studying the familiar label. 
‘I prefer Kentucky Bourbon but I guess Tennessee at the end of the world will have to do.’ He raised it with a tilt towards “Jack”; sort of a thanks come respectful “I get you” kind of gesture, and drank a healthy mouthful. He savored the taste. The harsh burning sensation that warmed the back of his throat, as the syrupy, woody vanilla flavor intensified as it trickled down to his stomach. 
‘I’m Jake.’ The older gunner introduced himself formally and smiled. He bravely ignored his instinct, that silly tradition drilled into him since joining the military, to stand to attention and salute Logan as the General he used to be. 
Instead, he held out a hand, and shook his firmly. They were all just guys, drinking around a dying fire, alone at the end of the world after all. No ranks. No names necessary. 
‘And that sorry looking ass hole to your left is my kid brother, Sid.’ Jack, the pilot, grabbed the bottle out of Logan’s stubborn grip and passed it to Jake. He took a swig but grimaced afterwards. It was an acquired taste but not one for everybody. 
‘And as much as you might be the answer, or the savior, of the whole wide world.’ He steadied his breath as his nostrils burned with the intense taste of the whisky. ‘We’re out.’ 
‘Ok.’ Logan nodded after only a short pause. He locked eyes with Jake and measured the length of his stare. That helped him gauge how serious he was and how convicted he was to his decision. He wasn’t even going to ask why but Jake told him anyway. 
‘You see, my funny looking kid brother over there, thinks his sweetheart might still be out there. And since I have nothing else going on I suppose I have to be the guy who tries to reunite them.’ He smiled, and reached over Logan to ruffle his brother’s hair playfully. Just like they were still kids or something. Logan admired them and that brotherly tie. He didn’t have that as a lonely child. 
‘Well you need to chase that.’ He assured them both. ‘If that’s what you believe in and that’s what you want then you need to follow that hope.’ Logan swiped the bottle back and took another swig. It burned and went pretty quickly to his head given he was running persistently on an empty stomach. 
‘It isn’t just empty hope though, General.’ Sid fired up. He wore his worries, and his hope, openly on his fair clean shaven face. He didn’t even have the energy to sustain eye contact with the General. 
‘She lives on a farm way out in the sticks, surrounded by woods, and a few hours’ drive from the nearest town. She’s smart too. I know she’ll still be there.’ He didn’t even know why he kept talking. 
Logan wasn’t going to stop either of them from leaving, nor was he going to argue with the logic or maturity of any decision that any of these men made. That was all they were now. Men. No more military and no more service. Everyone had to make their own rules from that point on. 
‘How about you Logan?’ Jake asked but he didn’t need an answer. 
‘Cygan.’ He replied but said nothing. 
The old man was holed up in the White House, only a few hours drive away, with far too much power under his fractured old eyes. If there was anything left in the world to save, Logan needed to stop Cygan before he needlessly destroyed it all. 
The calm of the garage was shattered with an echoing, panicked, primal scream. Lizzie. 
Logan bounded off the bench and darted to the door. He hadn’t even realized that she had locked it. His eyes darted from one side of the room to the next in search of a solution. All he saw instead were the cold, bloodied and bloated eyes peering through the gaps of the window bars. 
It had been a soldier. One of the armed infantry from the convoy leaving New York City. Its nose was completely missing and blood oozed from the gaping hole in its face and ran freely down to his camouflaged jacket. It still had hold of its rifle, though it quickly became caked in thick clotted blood. 
Chapter Fourteen
Elizabeth Jones
Lizzie pushed the door closed and locked it from the inside of the house leaving her companions alone in the garage behind. The key was thick and strong, forged completely in iron, and hung from a solid ring like a jailors’ set. 
She waited for the lock to click into place before turning away from the safety of the garage behind. She sighed and closed her eyes just for a second. She wished that she could understand Logan better. 
He was old. Not ancient but he was still old. But he had the energy and the passion of a young man coupled with the wisdom of experience. She could only aspire to be like him. Calm but passionate. Violent but protective. She shook her head and forced her eyes open. She would be lucky to be able to aspire to be anything in this world. 
She had slumped back onto the door to rest, still feeling a headache coming on; she rubbed her cold clammy palm over her oddly warm forehead. Maybe there would be a few painkillers in the kitchen or something. 
The house was cold and dated. The former castle of a Catholic family. She jumped a little when she saw the bust of the Virgin Mary hanging on the papered wall to her left. She missed a breath and clasped her hand to her chest. 
She should have gone for her gun. The eyes of the bust seemed to lock with hers. That was unsettling and incredibly off-putting. The pale white painted face poking out of the blanket of darkness. It took a few moments for her eyes to adjust to the dark. The fire from the garage behind had left a flickering imprint on the iris of her eye and it took some time to fade. 
Through the door she could hear a faint chuckle and she immediately shook her head in condecension. She wished she hadn’t though because the sway made her throbbing head worse 
‘Glad you’re having a good time.’ She whispered to herself. To think though, it was a little odd that none of them had volunteered to escort her or go with her. But that was the treatment she felt she deserved. 
She didn’t want to be carried. Not a burden to be worried about or cared for. She was a tough as nails city cop and had spent her career, short lived as it was, alone in some of the roughest parts of New York City. This should have been a walk in the park for her. 
She hadn’t moved from the door yet. That white pale face and blue garment on the bust was oddly captivating. Hypnotic even. Eventually the darkness gave way to what little light there was and the innards of the house came slowly into view. 
The walls were smooth and papered with light blue paper with pictures of flowers on it. The bottom half of the walls were paneled with wood and painted the same light shade of blue. The stairs followed the wall up to the left into another level of darkness. 
The kitchen came slowly into focus at the opposite end of the hallway. The main entrance to the property was to her immediate right but it had, oddly, not been barred or barricaded with any furniture. 
She couldn’t help but remember that silly fantasy of hers. She hoped beyond hope that it might have had a shred of truth in it. Maybe the family was far to the north nestled in a tent deep in the woods. Maybe they were safe. 
She slowly pushed herself away from the comfort and false security of the door that led to the garage and made for the kitchen located directly down the hall. She found herself doing the same thing Logan did. Stroking the handle of her pistol nervously as she walked, pace by pace and step by step, forward into the unknown. 
That headache was getting worse. A sickening though crossed her mind that was difficult to dismiss. What if she was getting the flu? She had to try very hard not to follow that thought and get drowned by it in a sudden glaring wave of fear and anxiety. A cold and intense shiver swam down through her body and deep into her spine. She shook her head to realize that her vision was starting to blur. 
‘Oh shit…’ She sighed to herself and dropped the top half of her body, bent at the waist, so that her hands touched the carpet below. She hadn’t noticed through her boots. It was soaked with blood. 
She started panting for breath and her heart beat raced erratically. She tried to reach for her radio but stumbled and fell to her knees. The blood in the carpet started soaking up through her tattered trousers. She wiped her hands frantically over the thick jacket and accidentally got old coagulated blood all over her gun and radio. 
She could feel it right in the back of her throat. Fluid and saliva started gushing at the back of her tongue and she could feel pressure build up right at the bottom of her stomach. She couldn’t keep it down. 
The thin, water like, malnourished sick spilled up through her throat and seeped into the carpet. One mouthful, then another, then once more until her eyes started watering uncontrollably. She clutched her stomach tight and couldn’t help but groan and pant out loud. 
‘Come on!’ She shouted at herself and pulled up with everything she had onto one foot then dragged the other up to stand upright. She swayed under her own weight and her vision swam from left to right beneath a thick layer of salty sweet tears. 
A figure slowly came into view and her heart sank deep. Though she could see in only black and white there was no mistaking the groan and shriek of a zombie. She could feel the scream build up inside of her, from the back of her throat and out through her mouth. 
She had never screamed like that ever before. She started backing away, stumbling and fumbling under her own weight and sudden weakened state. Her boots slipped on the soaking wet carpet and she hit the floor hard. She could feel the shock vibrate up through her back and into her chest cavity. 
The fall took her breath away and winded her into submission. Her blinks slowly became more and more drawn out. She was passing out! Shit! Am I turning? She had seen what happened to the victims of the flu. She had seen her work friends succumb to it in only minutes as it swept the horrifically unprepared city. She had seen people die in days. Some even faster. 
Then when they started turning, they turned fast, some only minutes or hours after death. She was again overcome with the same overwhelming fear and burning panic as she scrambled backwards, tired and breathless, fighting against the slippery and messy blood-soaked carpet behind her. 
Her gun. She had to reach it. She could feel the metal digging into her back though the sharp corners had been lubricated by black blood and her own stomach contents. 
‘Lizzie!’ She was sure she could hear her own name, shouted again and again in Logan’s powerful and deep southern voice. ‘Lizzie! ‘But she couldn’t focus on it. She finally got a tenuous hold of her gun and pulled it from her trousers. 
The figure ahead slowly lurched forwards with arms outstretched. It was still cast in darkness and she couldn’t make out any of its features. She tried so hard to raise that gun. But her arms were locked solid and no amount of effort could raise them. 
She fired one shot. It went far wide and ricocheted off one of the wooden panels. It sparked up dust and splinters. The sound resounded around her aching head. With everything she had she pulled the gun just a few inches higher. She still had only limited sight but took a gamble and fired another shot. It hit the monster in the head. 
Not by skill but luck. It slumped like a sack of dead wood and fell flat against her legs. She panted again and again for breath and felt her nose pop and blood start to gush down her face. In the distance, in the back of the kitchen, another figure slowly appeared. So much for that indulgent fantasy of hers. Another zombie. 
A few thuds echoed from behind her and the door to the garage slowly but surely gave way. Logan had used a fireman’s tool, usually used to pry open crashed cars, to pull the door clean off its frame. The smoke from the machine pumped out into the hallway. 
He saw the zombie at the far side of the house, instantly drew his Desert Eagle, and fired a lone shot. It hit the monster right between the eyes and splattered fresh blood and bone fragments against the once clean blue walls. His heart sank when he saw Lizzie slumped on the floor barely clinging to consciousness. 
‘Lizzie.’ He whimpered desperately. 
He holstered the gun quickly and reached down to pull her by the shoulders away from the slumped zombie on the carpet. ‘Are you bit?’ He shouted at her and ran his bare hands over her cold face. He looked her up and down then looked longingly into her fading eyes. 
She looked terrible all of a sudden. Not the same girl who had walked out of that garage only a few moments ago. But no sign of a bite. 
‘Shoot me.’ She coughed and spluttered on the last remnants of sick in her throat. His heart sank again. 
‘I said “are you bit“?’ He shouted at her even though he was only a few inches away. She slowly shook her head and nestled into his shoulders. 
‘I think I’m gonna turn.’ She started to cry. Tears rolled down her cheeks and matted into the blood from her nose. ‘I’m sorry. I didn’t get any firewood.’ She was slipping away slowly and was becoming delirious. 
Logan wrapped his arms around her and picked her clean off the floor with no effort. She gagged a few times but held it together. She told him again: 
‘Shoot me. I don’t wanna come back.’ She sobbed harder and harder as Logan carried her through the doorway. 
The two gunners, Jake and Sid, had rifles drawn and trained on the windows at the far side of the garage. The pilot, “Jack” as he was affectionately known due to his hidden but controlled borderline drinking problem, had the fire engine’s back door open and was ready to help Logan pull her inside. 
‘You die, I die. Remember kid?’ Logan had her tossed gently over his shoulder. He lowered her carefully to her feet but she had no strength in them and slumped back over his shoulder. 
‘Yeah.’ She whimpered pathetically and passed out instantly. He passed her to Jack who pushed her gently onto the back seats of the fire truck. For an old General, the panic in his eyes, and stress inside of him was transparent. 
He started biting his lip and rolling his jaw around on its joint as he stared longingly through the window of the now closed and locked door. If she turned he would never forgive himself. 
How could he have let her go through that door on her own? That was a terrible mistake. Like the victim in England. Like the first survivors in that library. Jack pointed right in his face with a long finger and a stern, unforgiving glare. 
‘Keep it together Logan!’ He shouted at him like he was in charge. The seasoned General inside of him wanted to bark him down and lose it but the pilot was right. He hit the nail right on the head. 
Logan could feel the anger and the rage boil and bubble inside of him and he had to step back to remind himself of the more obvious danger. The one zombie at the window had grown to ten and they were all pressing hard on the glass. All screaming and shrieking at the chance of food. 
They banged against the glass until it shattered and splintered all over the cold concrete floor. The wind and snow swept instantly through the cracks and flooded the garage with a shrill cold. Jake and Sid started firing with time served precision through the gaps in the wooden boards. 
A few of the zombies went down but for every one that fell three or four more replaced it. They convoluted at the windows snarling and reaching through the gaps. The wood started bending and bowing. After a few more shots from the high powered rifles they splintered and cracked in half. 
The zombies started spilling through by the dozen, all standing and stepping over one another to reach their prey. Logan drew both guns and started firing. Every shot hit. Some of the zombies were soldiers and some of them were civilians. They were dressed, some in gowns from the field hospital over the ice, and some in winter garments from the march away from New York. 
Something must have happened. One of the convoy of refugees must have been infected and turned while being processed over at the temporary lab. He cast a brief but intense thought to his friend, Doctor Abraham Priest, and he could only hope he was still alive. 
‘Fall back!’ Logan screamed as his last two shots hit another two zombies. That was it though. He was out of ammo and the next two consecutive pulls on the triggers resulted in dull clicks. He holstered them, even though he might never find more ammon for them, and turned back to the fire engine. 
Jack and the two brothers were already inside. Logan jogged to the back seat and checked that Lizzie was still ok. She was out like a light but she hadn’t turned or anything. He yanked the door handle, jumped inside beside her, and slammed the door shut before the first blood soaked monster threw itself against the once polished side of the truck. 
He shuffled over the black leather seat to check Lizzie still had a pulse. He held two fingers to her neck gently. There was a weak thud at the side of her neck but it was slow and not pronounced. She was still alive. For now that would have to do. He reached frantically for his radio. 
“Abe! Do you hear me?” 
“Yeah. Yeah, Logan, I hear you.” 
The intensity, depression and helplessness in his voice was clear from the first word he spoke. Even over the radio Logan could sense his distress. Logan was short and snappy with every one of his replies. 
“What the Hell happened?” 
“I don’t know. Something must have gone wrong. I wasn’t looking after the refugees, I was still studying…” 
“Where are you?” 
“I’m in the containment room. With the zombie we were studying before. I can’t get out Logan. They’re everywhere. I’d been trying you on the radio but mine must be broken. I can only receive. I thought you were already dead.” 
“Damn it!”
His heart sank yet again and that rage he was trying to suppress oozed out in his raspy voice. One of his only friends was dying out there on the ice and the other one was dying in his arms in the back of the fire truck they had taken refuge in. He couldn’t save anyone! Abe stayed calm though. Logan sensed why. Abe knew he had no way out and he had begun to accept death. 
“I think I’ve figured it out Logan. I think I know what it is.” 
“What? You have a cure?” 
“No. More of a self-destruct I would call it.” 
“How?” 
“I asked myself the questions that everyone else is afraid to ask. Just like you told me to. I asked myself: how do you kill that which is already dead? Then I started looking at it like a cold mathematical equation. We got it wrong. We have been fighting the zombies using attrition warfare this whole time. We’ve been trying to kill them all. But you can’t add death to death and balance an equation. To kill something alive you must minus life. To cancel out death from the other side of the equation you must plus life. Death plus death, I guess, equals more death and imbalance. The equation reversed is “death plus life” and that returns the world to balance. To zero.” 
“What are you saying?”
“To kill that which is dead you must give it life. I’d come in here to test it when the first zombie burst through the door. After the rest of them spilled in I was just about to set the timer on the explosives, sink this place, and blow my brains out before you just called.” 
Logan sighed a long heavy sigh. He kept one finger trained on Lizzie’s pulse and stroked her matted hair with the tip of his thumb. The metallic, iron like, sickening smell of the blood caked onto her jacket was sickening. It clung mercilessly to the back of his throat. He ignored what the Doctor said about figuring it out. He didn’t care if he finally had the answer to save the world. He cared about saving Lizzie. 
“I think Lizzie’s getting the flu… I don’t know how to save her.” He waited impatiently and with baited breath for the Doctor to respond. She was passed out in deadly silence beside him. The zombies beat hard against the doors of the fire truck but nobody knew what to do. The doors and windows on the truck were thick and toughened. They couldn’t get through. At least not so far. The three man strong helicopter crew were sat up front counting ammo and reloading their weapons in silence. Abe responded, finally, after a long reflective pause. 
“I can save her.” 
“How?” 
“The flu isn’t deadly per se. Just violent, quick and relentless. A broad spectrum anti-biotic might bring her out of it in a few days. Maybe less. If she stays strong that is. The problem is getting it to you.” 
“You might as well be on Mars Abe… We’re pinned down and running low on ammo.” 
Logan sounded uncharacteristically deflated. He would have marched across that ice unarmed it he had to. If he thought it might save her. 
“I’ll synthesize a broad spectrum anti biotic using the material that I have with me. Then I’ll tie it, prepped and ready in a syringe, around my neck and let them in. When…” He sighed and sobbed a little “when I get bitten, I’ll turn and hopefully my… re-animated corpse will shuffle towards you. You can shoot me and retrieve the medicine that will save the girl.” 
“Don’t even think about it!” 
He lied to himself and tried to say that there would be another way. But he just wanted Lizzie safe. If Abraham wanted to do this, there was nothing Logan could say or do. He felt sickened by his own twisted excitement. Any way of saving Lizzie filled him with elation. That emotion clashed head on with the bitterness and powerlessness he felt in that he had to listen to another friend die in order to do it.
Abraham was a grown man, a fantastic Doctor, and a hero in his own and every right. He deserved the chance to do one last brave thing with his life. In that, some good and one more life saved could come from this horrid mess. But Abe had the answer to the zombie epidemic too. He had solved the mystery and the equation too. That would be his last contribution. 
“They aren’t fully brain dead. We saw from those scans before that the virus leaves some parts of the brain active and leaves most of it dead and completely starved of oxygen. It isn’t the same thing… But it hit me how similar it was to victims of trauma and survivors of comas. Some victims end up in something called PVS. Permanent Vegetative State. They have the ability to breathe on their own but lack focus in their eyes and respond less, if at all, to external stimuli. They are trapped in what must be a horrible state between consciousness and death. A kind of living-dead limbo. This virus elicits a similar state but only after observable death. It also keeps a primal part of the mind alive. The need, or the instinct, to feed.” 
“Doctor…” 
“The short story is that there were a few trials in the 1990’s and a little later that managed to awaken patients suffering from PVS. If only for a brief few moments with each administration. Zolpidem. A drug usually used to help people fall asleep managed to revive the patients back into a form of consciousness. Patients could hear, focus their eyes, and recognize people and retain memories. I think we should try Zolpidem, in a weaponised state, as a method to combat the creatures. It might even awaken a last glimmer of humanity inside of them. There’s no way to know what that will do, I admit, but I think it might stop them. I can’t test it anymore. That falls to you now.” 
“Abe…” 
“Save the girl.” 
Chapter Fifteen
Friend turned enemy, Enemy returned friend 
“I’ll find another way! Don’t do this!” Logan was screaming down the radio but Abe had gone. He had turned his off completely. Logan was flooded with visions of his friend being torn apart by a small army of blood thirsty zombies only a few yards away over the frozen lake. 
Once he realized there was no one on the other side he slammed the radio off the glass beside him in a fit of rage. The zombies had been trying to break into the fire engine for a few minutes now but they hadn’t even made a dent. With one hit Logan cracked the first layer of re-enforced glass. 
Jack and the two brothers wanted to protest but didn’t have the nerve. Logan had one Hell of a temper, or so they were only just discovering. He breathed hard and flared at the nostrils. He felt so powerless and was so frustrated by the knowledge that he could do nothing. He couldn’t fight through a small army of zombies and find his friend with no ammo. 
‘Logan?’ Jack turned around in his seat and had a comforting smile stretched across his jaw. He couldn’t even look at him. The radio was on loud. That meant the three men in the front had heard the whole argument and knew what was going on. 
‘You could be angry at him. You can even hate him if you want. You could look at it like that. Or you can see it for what it is. Your friend, Abraham, just sacrificed himself so you can save your buddy dying in that seat beside you. You can be as furious with him as you like. But I think you should be grateful to him and remember him for that. Whatever I see in you, that you might actually be able to save this decimated planet, he sees too.’ 
His words oozed wisdom and they somehow penetrated Logan’s hardened and angry heart. He calmed his breathing and began to relax his tensed shoulder muscles. His new friend was right. Abraham deserved gratitude and he deserved the right to have made the choice for himself. Just like everyone else left in the world did. 
‘How do either of you suppose we get out of this then?’ Jake turned around and looked desperately at Lizzie’s seemingly lifeless body on the seat behind. She was tucked up in a ball beside Logan, pale faced, sweating and with matted hair. 
He wanted her to make it. But he was afraid she might turn. In time Logan might be able to forgive him for what he was about to say. 
‘We should shoot her. Like she asked.’ Logan’s eyes narrowed and he screamed back at the young kid. 
‘What?’ He went to grab Jake by the neck but Jack put up a hand to stop him. Jake tried his hardest to protest and justify what he had said. 
‘I don’t like it either! But what if she does turn? What if she wakes up and starts biting you and the rest of us? I’m not afraid to do it myself if you don’t want to…’ Logan didn’t let him finish. 
He raised a balled fist and punched the back of the head rest behind him. It bounced back and forth after slamming into the back of Jake’s skull. It hurt but didn’t knock him out. Logan snarled with anger, drooling and foaming at the mouth, he shouted the young man down a few pegs. 
‘If there is even a small chance we can save her then we will be taking that chance!’ Logan shouted at him, bearing his teeth like a wild, threatened, animal. ‘You even look at your gun and I swear I’ll rip your heart out!’ He gritted his teeth and slowly slumped back into the seat. 
He glanced for a moment out of the window. The number of zombies was growing but they hadn’t been able to break through the truck’s enforced windows yet. They had the fire engine surrounded and thumped and slapped as hard as they could on the polished metal. 
Jake was suitably subdued. He was blinking fast and heavily. As though he were fighting back tears. No way was this kid going to make it to find his brother’s girlfriend! Logan thought to himself still controlled by his bubbling rage. Jack glared at him too. He held him in his long accusatory stare until it felt like the atmosphere in the truck had cooled enough for them to continue.
‘How are we getting out of here though Logan?’ Jack left Jake almost tearful next to him and turned back to address the General. 
‘Ammo count.’ Logan demanded and stroked Lizzie’s face one final time before shuffling as close to the window as he could get. 
‘Three magazines for the rifles. Two handguns with six shots each. You?’ Jack had the information ready. 
He might have been a little lackadaisical with his attitude to drinking on the job but his professionalism as a soldier was still admirable. 
‘Out.’ Logan remembered the Desert Eagle’s click when he tried to shoot that one last time. He was perched up against the glass and was looking down at the side of the fire truck. He could barely see anything past the mass of zombies. 
He was enraged but focused. That feeling you sometimes get when controlled by rage, that you can tear away anything in your path, anything so stupid as to stand in your way. He was going to rip the heads off of every last drooling zombie if he had to. He was going to make sure Abe hadn’t died for nothing and he was going to save Lizzie if it killed them all to try. 
He continued. His voice had dropped to a low pitched, rasping growl, like it did when he was at his most pissed off. 
‘Do you suppose, beneath that shutter, there might be the controls for the hoses?’ Jack peered out of the mirror to his side to locate what Logan was talking about on the side of the truck. He had already displayed a good level of prudence in that he checked long ago that the engine’s keys were in the ignition. He turned them to see the lights on the dash board light up. 
‘I guess it might be. But I’ll give good odds that the water left in the tank is frozen solid.’ He turned the key one more click and the enormous engine rattled into life. He gunned the accelerator pedal hard and listened as the revs built up and the sizeable truck’s engine fired into life. 
He pressed it again and then one more time. He sat forward like an old man driving a Volvo. He peered into the gauges and tried to make sense of them. He sensed what Logan was suggesting so didn’t ask. Those hoses would be powerful enough to blast a zombie clean off its feet. It was a sort of non-lethal solution. One that would save a lot of ammo too. 
‘Looks like we are half full of water. Full tank of diesel. I think this blinking warning light is telling me the hydraulics are frozen shut.’ He tapped an orange blinking light on the center console.
‘Gun the engine some more.’ Logan leaned forward and, without asking, took Jake’s rifle from his lap. He needed a gun since his handguns were empty and he didn’t trust him anymore either. ‘That might help defrost it.’ Jack revved it again and again. He glanced at the two brothers, both sat to the right side of him. 
‘Buckle up.’ He reached over his shoulder to pull his own seatbelt on too. Logan pulled a seatbelt over Lizzie the best he could but didn’t want to move her too much. She was obviously weak and any little movement might hurt her more. 
Jack jammed hard against the gear selector, a grinding crunch confirmed he had found first, and he revved the truck some more. 
He was going for the metal shutters. Rather than slam the truck against the firm metal and risk breaking the windows, he lurched it slowly and gently forward. Once the front of the truck was pressed right up against the metal he started gunning the rev counter again. The tires at the back slipped and slid against the bare concrete as they struggled to find any grip. 
The garage was instantly filled with the glorious, intoxicating, exciting and exhilarating smell of burning rubber. It was enough to make any man’s adrenaline surge. The truck was heavy and Jack was a naturally gifted driver. 
He slackened off the power with every small slide and held the truck firmly in one place. The metal frame started to buckle and groan. It was working. With a few more aggressive blasts of the gas pedal the shutter gave way, splitting like a torn piece of paper. It buckled in half and scraped insensitively down the side of the truck as Jack eased it out of the garage and out into the dark street beyond. 
It looked like every single refugee, of the three hundred or more that made it out of the blast radius, had since turned into a zombie. They were crowded outside of the fire station like a swarm of lifeless cockroaches. The truck’s powerful lights were swamped by the mass of the dead. 
Jack didn’t slow his resolve or the truck‘s speed. He kept it at an easy pace like a creeping death and crushed them all under the wheels of the machine one by one. Even over the enormous and deafening rumble of the diesel engine, they could hear bones snap, skulls cave in and the monsters shriek together collectively as one.
The headlights of the truck lit up the darkened and dust filled sky. Red misty blood sprayed up into the cold atmosphere and hung there in the coldness of the air. Long streaks of white, brilliant light tore through the dark and reflected disturbingly across the milky white eyes of every single zombie. 
The snow beneath gradually turned from virgin white to sickening red as more and more blood drained from the squashed corpses. The truck swayed from side to side as the bodies mounded up under the wheels. Jack drove well on instinct and kept the wheels turning to avoid getting bogged down in the wet and spongy flesh of the freshly turned zombies. 
Logan needed to get out and on top of the fire engine to try to get that hose working. He slung Jake’s rifle over his shoulder and steadied himself by his palm against the inside of the door. 
‘You ready for this?’ Jack asked him without turning around. He held a cold stare at the road in front. He was heading back towards the lake as slowly as he could. 
He wouldn’t risk the weight of the truck on the ice but he needed to keep the vehicle moving to not get stuck or overwhelmed by the monsters. 
‘I got it.’ Logan gathered his strength and exploded out of the door. He slammed it into the face of a zombie that had clambered up onto the wheel arch of the truck. Its face exploded in a vapor of blood and it fell to its second death below the creeping wheels of the truck. Logan scurried out and climbed with all of his strength up and onto the roof of the fire engine. 
He held on tight with both hands to the ladder that stretched across the top of the truck. A few zombies scraped for his legs but without too much of a struggle he managed to kick them off. He pulled himself up with his arms and swung his legs high to wrap them around the ladder too. 
The door he left by was flapping around in the wind and by the sway of the truck. He needed to get it closed. He reached down and slammed it shut on his second attempt after trapping a zombie’s head in it with his first try. That would keep Lizzie and the rest of the team safe for now. 
He steadied himself on the ladder atop the slowly moving truck and reached for the rifle he had stolen from Jake. He took aim, while leaning out over the top, and fired at the metal shutter on the side of the truck. It was locked at the bottom and they didn’t have the key. 
It recoiled open to reveal a basic control panel. He must have been right. That would be the controls for the fire hose. Now he just had to reach the hose itself.
The hose was located half way up the truck, on the same side as the newly discovered control panel, and was wrapped tight along a reel that was itself bolted securely to the side. He stood up tall on the rocking ladder and walked carefully, from one rung to the next, to reach the reel. 
He only had to walk a few steps and managed it with ease despite the constant swaying motion. He dropped to his hands and knees and took tight hold of either side of the frozen ladder. He gasped for breath as the truck rolled over another mound of zombies. A sickening snap confirmed Jack managed to roll over them, squashing most of their bones and organs. 
The zombies wailed a consistent chorus of hungry moans as a backing soundtrack. He reached over the side of the truck and tugged on the hose as hard as he could. The nozzle was held in place with a clip that he could just about reach. He stretched forward to the limit of his reach and tapped at the clip looking for how to release it. He must have hit something because it clunked and swung free. 
He reached once more and pulled the nozzle as hard as he could. He tugged again and again and unraveled as much as he could. He wrapped it quickly around the frame of the ladder and made sure that it was secure. He banged on the roof of the truck as hard as he could with his balled fist. He was trying to signal to Jack that he was managing his seemingly mammoth task. 
Now for the controls again. He spun on the spot and shimmied back across the ladder to the back of the truck. This would be the more difficult part. He retrieved the rifle from his shoulder again and put down a few of the zombies that were a little too close to the panel for comfort. They were starting to thin out in numbers. 
By the aggression of Jack’s driving it seemed like he had mown most of them over and popped their skulls under the wheels of the fire truck. The truck slowly crept down the road that hugged the side of the frozen lake. There were a few trees blocking clear vision but Logan could just about make out the white outline of the temporary lab. 
There weren’t many zombies lurking on the frozen lake. Maybe only three. He could just about make out a white lab coat stained in blood. Stay focused! 
The sight of his friend re-animated as a zombie had loosened his grip and he almost fell. What was done was done. He needed to make Abraham’s sacrifice count. 
He climbed back down the side of the truck, making sure to keep tight hold of the ladder on the top, and started kicking at the controls below. 
He couldn’t reach them with his hands from that position and he didn’t want to make a foolish decision and end up getting dragged under the truck’s wheels if he fell. A few more crunches echoed under the truck from the front wheels. He connected on a big lever with the big toe of his right foot. The hose burst into life and spluttered the first sprays icy of water out of the hose further down the ladder. 
He pulled his body back onto the freezing cold ladder and carefully crept back to the other end of the truck. The lever on the nozzle itself controlled the ferocity of the gushing water. He pulled it back as hard as he could so he could start unwrapping it and use it as a weapon as he had intended. That killed the spray dead. 
He quickly tugged at it to unravel the inch thick hose. He banged on the roof one last time and Jack slowed the truck to a halt. He must have gotten the message. Logan slammed the lever to half way open. It took all of the power left in his tired arm muscles to hold onto the hose and start spraying the remaining bloodied zombies with a consistent jet of icy water. 
The tank of water had mostly thawed but icicles and ice blocks still spluttered out like hard projectiles from the end of the nozzle. The jet of water knocked the zombies clean off their feet but the icicles tore into them like bullets. They ripped through the cold dead flesh and tore whole limbs clean off their joints! 
Logan started growling as his arms began to burn and throb under the pressure. 
‘You alright?’ Jack shouted as his head appeared out of the rolled down window below. 
‘Yeah!’ Logan yelled back. The splash back from the hose had almost soaked him through. His thick jacket took the brunt of most of it so he wasn’t going to freeze at least. 
Jack quickly jumped out of the truck and climbed onto the roof along with Logan. There weren’t many of them left. Just the odd shuffling and dazed zombie in a never ending stretch of flattened monsters. 
Jack steadied the hose and took the brunt of the kickback. That steadied Logan’s tired aim and helped him take out the last of them. The ice fired through their weak skin and ripped into their chest cavities, exposing bare bone and organ. 
‘Go turn it off!’ Logan ordered in desperation as he struggled against the powerful gush of water. 
Jack broke off, located the control panel, and quickly pulled the lever back to kill the spray completely. Logan fell back onto the ladder, panting for breath, arms spread wide. 
‘We got most of them I think.’ Jack climbed back onto the top of the truck. He lowered his hand down to Logan and pulled him to his feet. He was sapped of all his strength. 
‘Lizzie?’ He asked sharply before Jack could say anything more. 
‘She stirred a little but she’s fine. Don’t worry about Jake either. He’s a young kid. Full of shit too.’ Logan nodded but kept his lips tight and gritted his teeth as he remembered what Jake had suggested. 
He cast his eyes back down the blood filled road behind. Jack had squashed a lot of them but not killed all of them. Some were dragging broken bodies behind them with arms stretched up in the direction of the fire truck. They groaned still but with mush less ferocity. 
Could Abe have gotten it right? Had he figured it out? The virus, according to Abe, had sent its victims into a waking coma, killed off most of the brain and left only the more primitive, instinct driven parts of it alive. Could he have been right about that experimental drug? And if he was, how the Hell were they going to get their hands on enough of it, and then weaponise it? Logan had an idea. But not one he was prepared to share yet. 
‘Do you want me to do it?’ Jack stood tall atop the horizontal ladder and looked over to the frozen lake. He was watching a lone zombie stumble across the ice. He could barely make out its figure, dressed in a white lab coat, against the white cast background of ice and snow. 
The whole place was lit only by the powerful lights of the truck. He had left the engine running. 
‘No.’ Logan snapped out of it and turned back to face his new friend. ‘It needs to be me.’ The two of them started shuffling across the rooftop of the truck and jumped off the back into the reasonably deep snow behind. Every inch of the white road had at least one splash of blood from a run over zombie. 
The pools were starting to freeze over in the intense cold. The blood clotted and coagulated together into messy and sticky freezing puddles. The door of the truck opened slowly and Sid stepped out first. Jake got out the other side and stood there by the door. He didn’t come over. Didn’t have the balls. 
‘Here.’ Jack dug into his pocket and threw Sid the keys to the helicopter. Logan hadn’t realized that one of the brothers was a pilot too. He caught them. 
‘Thanks. And thanks for everything Jack.’ He held out his hand at arm’s length. Jack took it, shook warmly, and smiled that gleaming smile of his. He patted him on the back gently and wished him the best of luck. Logan smiled, shook his hand, and told him that he really hoped they found the girl. 
‘Take care Jack, General, and I’m sorry about Jake. I hope she makes it.’ The young man turned to walk back down the bloodied road with his brother. Jack told him there were no hard feelings and waved goodbye to a sheepish looking Jake. 
Logan couldn’t bring himself to lie and say the same. He wasn’t really the type to hold a grudge, but he cared about that girl too much to let what he said slide. He had to be honest to himself. He was glad Jake was leaving. 
That made Lizzie a little safer in his eyes. Even though the kid was probably all talk and wouldn’t have done it, Logan didn’t trust him anymore and was glad to see the back of him. But he did hope Sid found his girlfriend. There wasn’t much else to live for in the world. 
Jack reached to his belt and un-holstered a 9 millimeter handgun, the same sort Lizzie had been carrying around, and handed it to Logan. He remembered that he was out of ammo. Magazines for Desert Eagle’s weren’t exactly easy to come by. 
‘Keep an eye on her?’ Logan pulled the catch back the same way he always did. To check there was already one in the chamber. Jack went back to the truck and got in the back with Lizzie. 
Logan trusted him for some reason. He could always tell about people and had been consistently a good judge of character. He and Jack were chiseled from the same stone. Logan closed his eyes and took a deep breath, turned, and started walking out on the ice. 
With each step he took he could see Abraham, or the zombie that used to be him, more clearly. He hardened his heart and steadied himself with deep breaths. He was the only one left out on the ice. He would have been the last one to turn and would have been left there, mauled and alone, while the others turned their attention to the fire station and further victims. 
Logan found himself at a loss of control. He prided himself usually on his ability to control his own thoughts but the memories started racing. Those young kids back in the north of England that he let go without a hope. Jenny and her mother. The first two zombies known anywhere on the face of the Earth. Then about the victim he didn’t even try to save out on the road back to the air strip. 
He even thought about his wife. Something he hadn’t done for so long that it hurt. He was so glad she didn’t live to see all of this. As much as that though alone hurt, and as sick it was to realize he was glad she was dead, he was glad to know she was safe in death. 
He felt the shame of those thoughts build up and promised himself over and over he wouldn’t screw up with Lizzie. He would save her no matter what it took! 
Abe was a mess. He shuffled closer, snarling and shrieking, on a broken and blood stained leg. His foot hung to one side by nothing more than a tendon. His white coat was torn and blood stained. A chunk of flesh was missing from his side, right beneath his exposed ribs. 
His hair had been ripped away from his scalp and blood from his skull had trickled down and matted his beard hair to his face. His pony tail had been ripped off leaving a bald patch of blood soaked skin. He still had his glasses on, hung off one ear, and balanced tenuously at the end of his pointy nose. 
A zombie had eaten into the skin on his face, a hole in his cheek revealed his jaw bone and Logan could see right through into his mouth. There was no way he didn’t suffer an agonizing death. He didn’t want to think about how he must have felt. Both during the attack, and before it, when he knew what he was about to do and what was going to happen to him. 
Logan slowly drew his borrowed gun to eye level to his old, deceased, friend. It felt light when compared to his usual choice of gun. He narrowed his eyes and breathed one last deep breath and held it out to steady his aim. 
More zombies started spilling out of the temporary lab and onto the snow covered lake. There were easily a few dozen of them already out and more coming. Some of them had been nurses or soldiers but most were turned refugees. They were far enough away to not have to worry about them. 
He lowered his gun with a resentful sigh and released the magazine. He kept stepping back to avoid Abe’s thrashing swings. There were only six bullets left. It wouldn’t have been enough to have saved him from that number of the things. 
He had to check though. He had killed a lot of them under the wheels of the truck and by the icy spray of the hose. The niggling, immature and naive thought occurred to him, that he might just have been able to save Abe had he only held on a few more minutes. 
That horrifying and guilty thought demanded him to check how much ammo he had. He breathed a little easier in knowing that the stray thought had been wrong. It was wrong. He had managed to kill a lot of them with the sheer weight of the truck and by the power of the fire hose but he had to admit they had done so on dumb luck. There was no way he could have used that tactic to kill over a hundred refugees and save a lone, lost, man. He raised the gun one more time. 
‘I’m sorry Abe.’ Logan paced back as the zombie that used to be his friend stumbled one more lurch further forward with another snarl. ‘I’m sorry I couldn’t save you.’ Logan said calmly so his voice didn’t carry. 
He fired. And watched the bullet tear through Abe’s head. As much as he wanted to close them, he kept his eyes glued open, and watched the blood gush through the back of his gaping skull. 
Abe fell lifeless to the ice below. There were three things around his neck. Each on a separate boot string that he had hastily tied himself. One was the injection shot Lizzie needed to survive. The other was a detonator to blast the temporary lab into the freezing lake below. And the last was a blood stained, handwritten, page long note. 
He took all three, stuffed them into his pockets, and turned away. He could bare the sight of it no longer. He jogged at a brisk and tiring pace back to the fire engine. They needed to move out before the next wave of zombies attacked. 
As soon as he made it back he hit the switch on the detonator. The explosion rocked the ice beneath his feet but it was quick and brutal. It cracked the ice instantly and the temporary, inflatable, lab sunk under the surface and into an impossible grave. It would probably never be found. Neither would the corpses of the zombies that had been caught in the blast. 
He jumped into the back of the truck and Jack climbed over the seats until he was back behind the wheel. Logan took the syringe and jabbed it without a moment’s hesitation into Lizzie’s neck. He pressed down on the stalk and administered the whole dose of clear liquid right into her blood stream. He quietly preyed to a God he didn’t quite believe in that she was going to be ok.
‘Where to boss?’ Jack asked softly and turned back. Logan’s cold stare protected him from any emotion but he wasn’t easy to look at. 
‘Washington.’ He dropped his eyes to Lizzie’s pale and clammy face but said nothing more. 
‘Time to kill that mother fucker, General Cygan.’ Jack turned around, cranked the engine, and revved it hard. 
‘No.’ Logan corrected him. ‘If Abe is right about needing a weaponised form of Zolpidem, then Cygan is the only man left on Earth who has the resources to make it happen. We don’t need to kill him. We need to recruit him.’ 
He took the note back out from his pocket and straightened it out. Jack didn’t see him read it by the dim light in the back. 
Chapter Sixteen
Hero
My dear friend, Brigadier General James Logan. 
I’m sorry that my story has to end like this. I’m sorry that I have to place the burden of my life in your hands and the future of our species across your back. I’m glad that we could work together and it was an honor to call you friend. 
I have synthesized the broad spectrum anti-biotic for your friend Elizabeth, and I hope for both your sakes, that she makes it. Please find it around my neck as promised. 
I also have a detonator with me. I’ll program it to the frequency of the bombs we planted in order to sink the lab. 
I’m confident that the Zolpidem will work. All of the signs are there and it is, frankly and somewhat melodramatically, our only hope. 
I welcome death. 
I would rather not die of course but I have begun to realize that I am not for this world. I’m not strong enough. Civilization has been torn down around us as we stood helplessly to only observe it fall. 
The world as we knew it will not be reborn overnight. Much hardship is ahead. I have faith that there will be pockets of survivors in other countries but there will be no way to reach them. I envision a world fractured and fragmented like the ancient world of my books. 
Do you remember? How the advanced society was wiped out by a global, catastrophic apocalypse, over which they had no control. So have we. Their apocalypse stranded the peoples of the world and turned them into cannibalistic monsters, only for the Virracocha to have to return them to the light. 
Ours will do the same. Our world is dead, all that we have built is dead. And we had no control over our apocalypse either. 
And that’s you now. You have to be the civilisers. You have to be the Virracocha and the Osiris that I told you about. You and Lizzie have to survive so that humans, and humanity, might survive too. 
So I not only entrust you with the survival of the human race, but with the survival of humanity. 
Good luck my friend. God speed. 
Ok. Here I go… 
Chapter Seventeen
The Road to Washington
“This is Brigadier General James Logan. Do you hear me Cygan?” Even though Logan was planning on recruiting his old friend to try and execute Abraham’s plan, he was still angry with him. 
He had made the wrong call to bomb New York. That much Logan was sure of. What had happened at the fire station in Valhalla was proof that no matter how many bombs he set off and no matter how many towns and cities he reduced to rubble, one would still get through. 
He wasn’t wiping out carriers or killing as many of the zombie horde as he could. He was robbing people of any chance to survive. 
“Cygan?” There was no answer. 
The battery on Logan’s radio must have been on the way out. So he told himself. There was no other explanation beyond Cygan and the staff at the White House having been overrun. 
Lizzie opened her eyes with a flutter. They had been on the icy road for an hour without incident. Jack was happy to do all of the driving. He coaxed the vehicle gently over the frozen roads and artistically swung it around any obstacle they came into contact with. 
A few roads were difficult to pass with the level of snow or an abandoned car here or there but there had been nothing to significantly slow them down yet. Logan was sat in silence in the back gently cradling Lizzie. 
His thoughts danced between his hope that she would be ok and Abraham. He couldn’t get the image out of his head. That torn and deflated zombie that Abraham had become. The bullet he shot from his own gun that ripped through Abraham’s skull and shredded his dead brain. Why had he kept his eyes open? Was it that he owed the man the zombie used to be at least the courtesy of watching its final moments? Or was it that a part of him, buried deep under the skin of civilized man, craved the bloodshed and conquest? 
He was sure of one thing. He had told Lizzie how he thought the war against the zombies was a faceless war. He told her that he thought the monsters represented a faceless society, one that had been doomed, and they could be glad that it was falling. It was hard to think that anymore. 
It was hard to think of it as a faceless war against an old world that they secretly wanted dead anyway. When the last face he had seen was Abraham’s as it exploded in a sorrowful rain of blood. The impersonal zombie war just hit home as hard as it could. 
‘Don’t try to move.’ Logan held a firm hand on her shoulder as she started to stir. With every blink Logan stared further into her eyes. They still had color and focus to them. No dazed milky white. She was ok. She hadn’t turned. 
She was happy to be held down. It made her feel looked after like a child and she felt secure under his grip. It was a self-indulgence she allowed herself after knocking so hard on death’s door only a few hours before. Logan had found a few water bottles stuffed down the sides of the back doors. They were still full. There were some sweets, jellies, éclairs and few biscuits in the glove box in the front too. That was all they had to satisfy their hunger that day. 
‘What the fuck happened.’ She enunciated the curse word after a long gulp of cold water. It was fun to swear and use the word to release some pent up aggression. Logan smiled a little. It reminded him of how feisty and full of spunk this girl could be. 
‘We lost the fire station, all of the refugees too. And Abraham.’ He didn’t even want to say that last part. He wanted to pretend for a moment that it hadn’t happened and bask in her ignorance of it. But there was no sense in it. 
Lizzie sat up slowly and stared blankly into the back of the seat. She tried hard to refocus and bring herself around. 
‘I’m so sorry… I… know he was your friend.’ She put one hand up to her battered forehead and placed the other gently upon his shoulder. Logan wasn’t one to need, or ever seek out, comfort from anyone. He shrugged her hand off but was as gentle as he could about it. He almost took out the note to show her but decided that it might have been too much. 
‘He’s yours too now.’ He said instead. ‘In death, he saved you.’ He could have spared her the details and just said he died to save her and made that do. She could have used her own imagination to fill in some gaps. But that would have been an unforgivable disservice to Abraham’s heroic self-sacrifice. 
She didn’t ask how. Part of her didn’t want to know. But the other part needed to. 
‘His lab got overrun while we were still in the fire station. He was trying to get a hold of us but his radio stopped working for some reason.’ He stopped when her lip started quivering. Maybe he should have stopped altogether. ‘He was about to take his own life and spare himself the inevitable fate of being eaten when I told him you had passed out and might be getting the first stages of the flu. He told me he had the resources at hand to make a broad spectrum anti-biotic that would bring you out of it pretty quickly.’ 
‘Oh fuck…’ She sobbed with a hand over her mouth.
‘The short story is that he let himself get infected, bitten, and knew his own reanimated corpse would be able to walk the antibiotics over to us at the fire station past the army of zombies.’ Logan finished the macabre story as Lizzie burst into a flood of tears. 
‘He saved your life. But I couldn’t save his.’ Logan gritted his teeth again. Lizzie didn’t care if he was in the mood for affection, comfort, or just wanted someone to punch him out for being a failure. She shuffled over and wrapped her arms around his neck and nestled her head down on his shoulder. She sobbed quietly over him for some time. Logan just wanted her to save her strength. She had just come to. She wasn’t out of the woods just yet. 
‘What happened to those two Gunners?’ She asked and sat up again. She kept seeing Jack’s eyes lock onto hers in the mirror up front. Even though she didn’t know he was called “Jack” just yet. Her face was drained of color. She felt pathetic, out of control, and childish. Time to get a hold of yourself. She thought and rubbed her eyes vigorously with her open palms until the tears dried. Logan’s tone changed immediately. 
‘I guess they had somewhere else to be.’ He couldn’t help but stay angry at that jumped up prick who wanted to shoot her. Even though he might have been right. Lizzie could sense the hostility and decided not to ask just yet.
Dawn was breaking and Jack was getting a little fidgety up front. He was casually driving up the wrong side of the freeway. 
‘I don’t get why people did this.’ He spoke for the first time in hours. He was driving down the wrong side of a freeway to the south of New York City. He was gesturing with an open hand and palm to the long queue of stand-still traffic on the other side. 
‘Isn’t it kind of a cliché though too?’ He continued. He bulldozed over the emotional moment the two back seat passengers were embroiled in. He was similar to General Logan in that respect too. Neither seemed to be fans of intense emotional moments.
Logan decided to entertain him and relished the opportunity to change the conversation. 
‘What are you talking about?’ He climbed over the seat, remaining as dignified as he could, and into the passenger seat in the front of the cavernous cabin. 
‘Every disaster movie I ever saw had the freeway blocked, bumper to bumper, fender to fender, on the right hand side of the central reserve, with every car in the City trying to make it out. Who was trying to make it back in?’ He changed his arm gesture to wave right in front of the steering wheel. 
He had a point. The carriageway on the opposite side was completely empty. They could have easily made use of the extra space and used both sides of the freeway to make it out. Logan smiled a little and slouched back.
‘I guess people have a reluctance to break the rules. It gets drilled into them to live a certain way, drive safely on the right, wear your seatbelt and don’t smoke behind the wheel.’ He forced a chuckle. ‘Ignore the mass of walking dead behind you; the real danger is crashing into a stationary vehicle in front of you.’ He said mockingly and tried to imitate some sort of public service announcement. 
That helped to lift the tense atmosphere even if it was a tad out of character. Jack had a delightful humor and an admirable way to keep tight hold of it in horrid situations. His silly observation had been well timed to lift some spirits. 
‘At least we can make good time.’ He concluded and raised both of his big, bushy, black eye brows. 
‘Where are we going?’ Lizzie croaked from the back seat. It was easy for the two in front to forget that she had been out of the loop for a while. She didn’t even know about Abraham’s potential solution. 
Logan took the next few minutes to fill her in on what had happened while she was both out of earshot and then out of consciousness. He told her all about what Abraham had noticed about the zombies. She listened with attention but none of it was sinking in. Her head was still pounding and she wasn’t great with the science. The whole idea sounded far-fetched and like something pulled out of a macabre horror. 
She remembered that the virus killed most of the brain through oxygen starvation. Abe had told her that in their short meeting. She remembered he had said some of the brain was kept alive by the virus in order to reanimate the fully dead, and by biological definition, dead body. But she would have to take on faith what he had said about the state being similar to the worst effected trauma victims when awakening from deep and prolonged comas.
‘Are you talking about waking the dead?’ She worked up the courage to ask. The question made her feel stupid. It was easy to forget Logan was a Doctor too. But it made her feel sick too. The whole thought of, if she had followed Logan correctly, was to give the poor victims of this horrid 21st century plague a glimmer of humanity back. 
‘That’s what Abraham said. I trust him.’
‘What do you think though?’ She raised her voice to an almost accusatory volume. Logan put that fire out right away. 
‘I’m a Medical Doctor, not a whole lot more. Abe made me look like a GP for crying out loud. If he thinks this will work then he deserves the benefit of doubt.’ He spoke swiftly and dampened down what could have been an argument. 
She felt stupid again. He could be a little cruel and cold sometimes. He made her feel an inch tall again, just like he had back in the New York subway car. She wanted to fall back into that girlishly silly sulk again but fought the reaction hard. She kept her harsh tone though. 
‘So where are we going? And how are we supposed to administer a sleeping pill to every snarling zombie out there?’ Logan softened his voice. He never wanted to upset her. Emotions were riding a little high and someone had to take control back. 
‘We’re heading to the White House to see General Cygan. I need his help to see if we can weaponise Zolpidem and speed up a delivery system.’ She was calmed a little by the fact he seemed to back down. Her head was still throbbing. 
‘So we have to work with Cygan after what he did?’ She could have made that sound sarcastic, or she could have made it sound accusatory in that Logan was selling out all the lives extinguished in New York, she could have carried on in anger too but didn’t. 
She might not have been the brightest in the classroom but even she could tell there was no other option. She had matured her thought in the short time she had known General Logan. She was almost starting to get that it was okay that Logan still counted Cygan as a friend even after what he did. She was beginning to understand that the older of the two Generals was only trying to do what he thought was right to make sure the world survived. 
Even if that meant reducing it to a smoking ball of dust first. Maybe Cygan could be brought on board with the plan. Maybe he would even relish the opportunity to be a part of it. 
The drive was two hours old. The sun had completely broken over the sky now and the storm clouds that had irritatingly lingered over that part of the country were only then, finally, starting to dissipate. For the first time in a long time they could see the blue in the sky and appreciate that there was still some beauty left in the world. 
The clouds changed from ominous shields of black and silver to more friendly looking puffy white marshmallows. The virgin snow atop the freeway glistened in the fading headlights of the fire truck and the ever rising sun. 
The constant sun. Its very presence in the sky the only thing left in reality to count on every day. 
The tires of the truck crunched relentlessly and faithfully over the cracking snow and kept a true and accurate path. The outlying areas of the conurbation of New York had been less harshly covered by the volumes of snow. The mammoth sized slabs of ice in the City changed to thinner patches of fragmented sheets once they got as far out as Valhalla, where the temporary lab had been located. 
By the time they reached the outskirts of Philadelphia, about half way of the four to five hour drive, there was barely any at all. 
‘I guess I spoke too soon.’ Jack slammed the anchors on to slow the truck down as quickly as he could. Logan had fallen asleep for the first time since they were holed up for that one and only night in Lizzie’s flat. He hadn’t seen the mass of zombies, dormant and not really moving, herded together up the wrong side of the freeway. 
There were a few buses overturned and resting on their caved in roofs on the bare tarmac. They were facing the wrong way up the freeway. Someone must have had the same idea about using the empty side to make it out of New York. 
When the virus first hit people can’t have realized there was in fact nowhere safe to go that the road could take them to. There were easily fifty or more of them. All ages and races. Men and women too. 
The wheels screeched and dug into the tarmac as the heavy truck slowly rattled to a stop. Logan shook his head violently from side to side to wake up. 
‘I say go for it!’ He said once the herd of zombies came creeping into view. He glanced briefly at the gas level. It was holding just above a quarter left. They might just be able to make the 226 mile journey if they got past Baltimore and then into the Capital without incident. 
If not they were either going to have to fill up or switch vehicle. Logic told him immediately that filling up was going to be near impossible. Gas would be in short supply and stopping at a station would be virtual suicide. 
He took his eyes off the zombies for just a moment to check on Lizzie. She had fallen asleep and the commotion of a harsh brake had not even stirred her. He leaned over the seats and tapped her gently but repeatedly on the leg. She snorted in a funny little way that might have even been cute in any other situation. He pointed to the seatbelt behind her. 
‘Strap up kid this might get a little rough.’ He said and took his own advice. He pulled his own belt down with a clunk and a click. Jack did the same too for the first time in the journey. It felt to Logan like he was back on that subway car. He had mown down a fair few zombies on those tracks in the same sort of way. 
‘Okay, why the Hell not?’ Jack started gunning the engine and the deep thunderous roar stirred the beasts ahead. They raised their flimsy heads around their thin and bony necks to turn and see the fire truck blaring on the horizon. 
They looked different here. They looked more decrepit, if that were possible, than any of the zombies they had seen so far. They were more decomposed. More bloated with toxins and gasses. Thinner and bonier too. Their faces, in general, had thinned out considerably to leave the vague indent of a skull beneath thin and cracked skin. 
They must have been older. They must have been some of the first few waves. All of the zombies they had encountered in New York, and the ones later in Valhalla, had been freshly turned. They still bore the brunt of their immediate wounds and fresh blood had been spilled all over them. These were stained brown with old blood instead. 
Jack slowly introduced the clutch on the manual gearbox and they could all feel the powerful truck lurch forward. He went with that initial momentum and gunned the engine again. He was trying to make a lot of noise and enjoyed the thrill of the engine. 
He slammed the selector up a gear and fired the gas pedal again as they started mounting speed. The tires held comfortably to the tarmac but the whole truck shuddered with Jack’s aggressive driving. Logan reached up and pointed with his finger, while still holding on tight to his seatbelt with his other hand. 
‘There!’ He shouted pointing to the gap between the two overturned busses. It looked like they had crashed together and flipped. But there were no other vehicles involved and the road ahead looked clear. ‘Aim for that!’ He confirmed. 
‘Yeah I got it.’ Jack spoke softly. The corner of his mouth twitched with the early formation of that beaming smile of his. How could he possibly be enjoying himself? 
He held the truck steady as the first zombie crashed into the solid metal bumper. It cracked almost in half and spun off to the left. The thud rocked the entire frame of the engine as the next few hit the same spot and flailed away in similar ways. The truck was too big and powerful to be slowed down. 
If he kept up the power, direction and momentum he could avoid getting the wheels bogged down in bodies. Just like he had done at Valhalla. The thuds grew louder and more intense as he hit the core of the group. The shrieks of the monsters overpowered even the grumble of the engine and the constant snapping of bodies, bones and skulls across the metal. 
But the plan was working. He rocketed past the two overturned busses with artistic precision. He didn’t even scrape the wing mirrors. That was impressive for the speed of the truck and the small size of the gap between them. 
After another few zombies crumpled beneath the weight of the truck they were back in the clear. Jack, with almost comical timing, turned on the washer jets and windscreen wipers. Water gushed out of the sturdy but slightly crumpled hood and splashed over the bloodied windscreen. The wipers started scraping across the dented but not yet cracked glass and smeared the watery blood all across it. 
‘I think we made it.’ Jack announced confidently. Not even a glimmer of irony in his voice or on his facial expression as he watched the wipers smear blood across the glass. He was probably still drunk. 
The fuel they had left was enough. Logan had repeatedly offered to drive but Jack declined every single time. He was a pilot after all. Handing the driver’s seat over to anyone else at all would have felt like he was relinquishing the only control over his life that he still had. 
There were no more hold-ups on the freeway. The road remained eerily deserted. That was an unsettling fact all three of them were grateful for. Baltimore was clear so long as Jack stayed the course on the wrong side of the freeway. Getting into Washington was easy enough too as dusk fell once again. 
They had all expected more resistance. More of the zombies out on the road or in the streets as they got closer to the Capital. Other than a few of them still trapped in cars, or some lying on their broken bodies at the sides of the roads, still snapping their jaws in desperation, there were hardly any at all. 
Maybe they had moved on to find new sources of food. The zombies acted differently in New York. They were still trying to act out the lives of the people they used to be. They were like ghosts with some kind of unfinished business. If that last guess was true, that they had moved on to seek out new sources of food, it would make them so much more the dangerous. 
They were no longer trying to cling onto their former lives. They were, instead, giving in entirely to the powerful instinct to feed. 
The outside lights still lit the White House up in the darkness of night as they pulled up onto Constitution Avenue and finally turned off the rumbling and struggling engine. 
Chapter Eighteen
Acting President
It was warm there. In a nice change of pace from what they had become used to in New York. The sun was cresting over the horizon to the West, sending long dramatic shadows up the streets and down the alleys. 
The place was a mess though. Litter blew around every street corner. Old take-out food wrappers and the odd newspaper were getting caught up in draughts and were flying all over the place until settling again on the concrete. 
The lack of zombies was disturbing. Logan, personally, would have rather had to fight his way through a hoard of them than be constantly checking over his shoulder. He thought back to how they had behaved on the highway just outside of Philadelphia. 
The zombies out there were obviously the victims of the coach crash. But why hadn’t they moved? They displayed a sort of herd mentality. They were dormant, like the ones under the streets of New York, until aroused by movement, or by the chance of eating. Those zombies in particular, however, had been there a while. 
They were in a far greater state of decomposition than most of the others they had encountered. Were they waiting to be aroused by the chance of eating or were they waiting for a sort of leader to emerge? That kind of made sense. 
When Logan had, somewhat foolishly, started shooting off his noisy Desert Eagles in the city, once one heard the noise it would approach the source. That had set off a chain reaction and it drew the next zombie, and the next and so on and so forth. The last zombie in that line might not have even heard the shot at all but was simply following another zombie. 
Logan remembered a series of psychological studies he had read about, a very long time ago, at University or college. 
Some guy in Russia, his memory of it had faded considerably, had stood in a large square and pointed up to the sky. A few more people joined him and started looking up too. Eventually a crowd gathered. Then the original pointer, the man conducting the study, walked away as if nothing had happened but the crowd of people he had attracted remained behind. 
Would it be insensitive to apply that to the zombies? Perhaps they followed the last zombie in the same way. But what implication would that have long term? If they were, in the majority, following those who were themselves following others, when would they stop? Would they just keep walking in the general direction for miles and miles until they heard the next noise and changed course? 
They weren’t acting like they had back in New York. They weren’t trying to act out past lives anymore. Logan could sense that even though he had little evidence to support it. They were wandering. Nomadic zombies looking for the next victim. 
Even the White House green was empty, what they could see of it at least as they stepped out of the truck. Cygan had told them the White House staff, the President included, had gathered there once turned. So they were compelled to stay there a while because that is what they would have done in life. But they had since moved on in search of food or led away by other, more enterprising, zombies. 
None of that meant they could let their guard down. Getting complacent and assuming every single zombie in the entire city of Washington had moved on would get them killed. Fast. 
‘What do you think?’ Jack leaned casually against the fire truck he had skillfully driven for so long. He found a spot where there was no blood. He had his arms folded and gazed thoughtfully at the White House ahead. He was squinting in the setting sun. It was nice to see some grass and some color in the sky. The drab background of New York had been dull and un-motivating at worst. 
‘Cygan is no idiot.’ Logan assured him. ‘He will have locked the place down and I’ll bet you anything he has guards posted throughout.’ Lizzie had climbed out of the back, and despite her thunderous headache and weakened state, was determined to keep on fighting. 
She wanted to contribute so bad and not feel like a burden. 
‘The problem is,’ she began, ‘that we have literally no idea how strong his forces are, how loyal they are to him, or at this point, whether or not he is even still in there.’ 
‘If memory serves.’ Logan pointed to the right hand side of the White House. 
He hadn’t ignored Lizzie, in fact he was surprised and proud of her, but they needed to plan quickly. ‘There is a small museum and an entrance for tourist groups on that side. We should be able to get in through there. After that we can make it up as we go along given our lack of proper intelligence.’ 
Jack had either found, or he already had them and hadn’t said, a pair of strong binoculars. He was studying the convex outline of the White House in detail. He started chuckling a little too loud than was appropriate. 
‘He has a sniper on the roof.’ He stopped to take a breath. ‘But the dumb fuck is asleep.’ He handed Logan the binoculars and pointed clearly to the very top of the White House. Sure enough there was a guy, fully and contently asleep, slumped over his high powered black sniper rifle. Logan smiled but held a raised finger to his lip to shut Jack up. 
‘Let’s not be here when he wakes up.’ Logan widened his eyes and nodded in the direction of the tourist entrance where he wanted to go. 
Logan dashed immediately to his right with Jack and Lizzie in tow. Once they turned into the deserted street the tourist entrance to the White House was directly in front. They just had to jump an unmanned barrier across the road. 
Logan started sprinting first. He was surprised at himself. He still had enough adrenaline inside of him to make for a good pace despite not having eaten for a good while now. There were no guards placed anywhere near the entrance. A large concrete canopy covered a good portion of the road that quickly became a dead end. 
Logan still had his empty Desert Eagles holstered tightly to his belt. He missed them a little more than was natural. Especially when all he was left with was a pathetic looking 9 millimeter with only five shots left. 
The whole building was pained in a dazzling white but in some parts it had begun to flake away. Logan made a b-line for the door to his left. Lizzie was next. Even in her state, recovering from the first stage of the dreadful flu, she had managed to outrun Jack. 
He was suspiciously stuffing a hand into the inside pocket of his shirt. He had probably stopped to down some whisky on the way. 
‘Alright.’ Logan began and pressed his back hard against the wall next to the door. Lizzie took up a position on the other side and Jack instinctively knelt down in front of it. They all took a moment to steady their breathing. 
‘Let’s do this quickly, but extremely quietly, sneak right in past all of the guards and find Cygan as fast as we can.’ Logan finished his plan. 
He had been dutifully checking every inch of the street on the approach. Trees, all still green and full of leaves, lined right hand side of the road. They blew around not very dramatically in the light breeze and there were some non-descript concrete walls behind those. All was clear and there were still no zombies to be seen. 
He reached down to try the door handle. That was worth a shot but it was unsurprisingly locked. He exhaled gently and closed his eyes. They were going to have to bash the door. Logan nodded to Jack and held up three fingers. With each second that passed he closed one back into his palm. 
When he had no more fingers left and only a balled fist, he slammed the full weight of his shoulder against the firm wooden door. It gave way with an amplified splinter. Jack rushed in and turned a full circle to check every corner, followed quickly by Logan and Lizzie. His shoulder was throbbing. He didn’t complain though. He just flexed it gently with a roll but made sure not to alter the aim of his gun. 
There was a figure in the darkness beyond that hadn’t moved yet. It was cast in darkness but the sluggishness of its stance and the faint, almost distant, growling moan gave it away as a zombie. Good thing that it was alone. 
There was a small museum beyond. It had posters and copies of ancient documents placed in protective cabinets against the walls in the cube shaped room that was painted in a deep shade of blue. The zombie had been stood staring blankly at the wall and was slow to react to the intruders. Once it sensed there was fresh meat about it started to howl. 
Logan growled, ‘Take that thing out before more hear it!’ Lizzie really wanted to prove herself. She really wanted Logan to know that she had snapped out of it, was well again, and that she could fend for herself. He hadn’t even said anything. 
She ran over to the zombie and took a long metal pole to its head. The kind that was used to put up a queue at busy times. It bounced off of his caved in skull with a resounding gong-like sound. It fell flat to the floor. She had swung it hard enough to crack the skull and kill it once and for all. 
Jack closed the door behind them but it swung freely off its hinges. They might have broken it but they also left the place open to attack from marauding zombies too. 
Jack started darting his eyes across the room frantically. ‘Anything we can use as a barricade or something?’ For a drunk he was a quick thinker. Logan pointed down the hall. 
‘That desk right there.’ He jogged over to it and took tight hold of one side. Jack joined him and grabbed the other. They dragged the sizeable and heavy desk to the door and propped it up the best they could against the broken and splintered frame. That would have to do for now. 
Logan reached down and loosened his belt by one notch so he could stuff the pathetic feeling gun down the side. No way was he letting go of those Desert Eagles. He secretly hoped he might find some ammo for them somewhere. 
‘Which way from here?’ Lizzie asked and joined them at the door. She was breathing hard and clutched her stomach tightly. Her perky lips had faded into a frown. Logan couldn’t hide his concern. 
‘Don’t push too hard. You don’t have any need to prove anything.’ Lizzie just shook her head but didn’t say anything. ‘Back there, where we got the desk from, I think that will lead to the main wings of the building.’ The other two didn’t argue. They were happy to follow Logan’s lead. 
It was a good thing all of the power was out. This would have been a whole lot harder if it wasn’t. What with all of the alarms and metal detectors around. The hallways behind the normal access for tourists were long and straight with little to direct people. It would be easy to get lost in a place like this. 
It wasn’t overly dark but the sun had set mostly by now. They were left with only the faintest light of dusk trickling in through the barred windows to light the way. That was enough though. Cygan had probably made a good choice by staying here. It was probably one of the best maintained and most secure buildings in the world. He obviously wasn’t expecting Logan to turn up though. 
There would have been a far heavier guard presence if he had. Since Logan had been unable to reach Cygan on the radio, and Cygan had made no attempt to get in touch with him, he probably thought he had been killed in the nuclear blast. 
Up one long corridor and around a tight right corner. Down another bland corridor. Every door to each side locked and barred with a nailed on chunk of wood. Logan and Jack controlled every step like pros. Heels first, and then rolled their feet down to the tips of their toes, to make sure there was no noise at all. 
Lizzie was trying to remember her training. She walked side on with a series of sweeping sidesteps. She looked and felt like the odd one out. She grew more and more self-conscious of every toe she placed on the carpeted floor. Logan didn’t say anything but she could have sworn he wanted to. They emerged into an office space after passing through a few open hallways and more locked and barred doors. 
‘Down!’ Logan whispered harshly and threw himself against the first office cubicle in the rectangular shaped room. He had spotted an armed guard at the other side of the room. His eyesight must have been incredible. Lizzie hadn’t made out the figure cast against the darkness. 
He must have been wearing full black and a face mask. He was armed. Not even Logan was sure what with though since he hit the deck as soon as he could. 
Logan stayed crouched and shuffled to the end of the cubicle wall. He hadn’t drawn his gun and didn’t intend to. He could hear a feint mumbling. That meant there was at least another guard somewhere in the room. He allowed himself the passing thought that back in the day he would have been able to use the sound to pinpoint the exact location of the other guard without even having to look. 
Was that silly nostalgia or true? He tapped the person behind him on the shoulder without turning back to see who it was. By the feel of the dainty shoulder he concluded that it was Lizzie. He pointed to his eyes with two fingers and then gestured with a wave of his hand to the far wall. She struggled with his military hand language but got the picture. 
She broke off to the far wall, keeping low, and moving silently. Jack instinctively, and without needing to be told, took to the other wall. Logan was left to go right up the centre of the blacked out office. He dared to glance behind the cubicle wall. He was certain the guard was looking right at him. But he couldn’t see any lights on his head. No torches or give away green patches that night vision goggles gave off. 
It was pretty dark in this room. If Logan kept to the shadows he would be able to dash from one cubicle to the next and manage to stay undetected. He waited. Timed it just right and bolted to the next cubicle. There were sheets of lose paper all over. If he had been more reckless and less calculated he would have slipped and it would have been game over. The silence confirmed that the guard was not disturbed. 
The telephone was hanging off the hook in this cubicle and the monitor for the computer had been broken clean in half. There must have been a panic, or maybe even an outbreak here at some point. He darted to the next cubicle once he checked that it was safe. His old ears detected a muffled choke. It sounded distant though. He hoped it would have been either Jack or Lizzie taking out that other guard. 
He had to stay focused on his own target. A quick calculated dash to the next cubicle. He could almost hear him breathe now. He glanced over his shoulder to see the guard slowly walk down the aisle of office cubicles. His boots creaked and groaned with each soft step. 
Logan pounced with a well-practiced swing of his arm. He knocked the guy clean off his feet and stamped his boot right into his face. The guard was out cold and not a sound had been made. Jack and Lizzie each emerged from their respective hiding places. 
‘I got the other guard.’ Jack announced stuffing his gun back into his holster. 
The coast looked clear for now. The White House was far bigger in real life than it looked on movies. Cygan must have a had a pretty thin security force. Two guards so far and they were a stone’s throw from the Oval Office. 
They followed the office cubicles around the corner, checking every step of the way for any guards, and found none. The door that led to the oval office was right ahead. No guarantee Cygan was in there but it was a good place to start. 
They took up the same formation at the door. Logan at one side, Lizzie at the other and Jack knelt down in front. He tried the door. It swung open unlocked. The office was enormous, poorly lit, and pretty cold. 
Logan could see Cygan at the other end gazing out of the large windows and scratching his bald head gently. He held a bolt upright and proud posture and still wore his dark blue uniform. He looked like he hadn’t changed since that video call what seemed like a lifetime ago. He hadn’t heard the door. 
Logan stepped into the office first. It was split into two parts. An entrance area with two long couches sat face to face was first. The walls were white washed all round with pictures of past presidents hung from ornate wiring. The bottom half of the walls were paneled with white wood. 
After that was the President’s desk and beyond that the huge bay windows that overlooked the green ahead. The glass must have been reinforced because no attempt had been made to barricade it. Blood was smeared on the outside so they had obviously withstood a few zombie attacks. 
Logan stepped in and stealthily walked over to Cygan. He stopped just short of the President’s beautifully crafted and decorated wooden desk. Lizzie stood right next to him, rubbing gently against his shoulder. Her heart was beating wildly with excitement and apprehension. 
Logan, interestingly, drew his Desert Eagle even though he knew it was empty. He held it high and knocked hard on the wooden desk. 
‘Holy mother! How did you three get in here?’ He hadn’t heard Cygan’s voice in a while. He had almost forgotten the harsh Texan rasp. Logan tried hard not to smile. Even through all the anger, all the upset at the destruction of the city, he was still glad to see an old friend. And a face that wasn’t bloodied, burned and half eaten with milky white eyes. 
‘Use a bigger nuke next time!’ He let all the anger out. ‘And guess what, old man, just like I told you. You might have wiped out a whole city but you didn’t stop the virus or every carrier! We barely made it out.’ He couldn’t help but grip the handle of his gun a little tighter. 
‘I told you, son, there’s no other way.’ He fired back and pointed a stern finger at his old apprentice. He had gained a little weight since Logan had last seen him. He was aged too. The crow’s feet around his eyes, as Logan remembered them, were now deep rolled wrinkles. His voice had aged too. 
Logan remembered him with a sharp rasp but that had faded into a slurred gurgle. He lacked conviction in his voice though. He had been sure of himself before. Maybe he was beginning to realize he had been wrong. 
‘What if I told you I had a way?’ Logan calmed himself down. Cygan stepped forward a touch, still pointing. The tinniest glimmer of a smile was beginning to form around his wrinkled old mouth. It would have been undetectable to anyone who didn’t know him.
‘Are you gonna shoot me, kid?’ He bravely stepped forward again and locked eyes with Logan. He could sense them softening and his rage falling away. 
‘Empty.’ He admitted finally and holstered. Cygan burst into a hearty chuckle with arms open wide. 
‘You dumb son of a bitch!’ He continued laughing. 
The two of them embraced and started slapping each other’s backs harder and harder. Lizzie just shook her head but holstered her gun. She got that they could be friends after falling on different sides of a war but still couldn’t bring herself to forgive the old man. Cygan coughed a little. It was a smoker’s cough. He was probably still putting back twenty or more a day. 
‘It’s good to see you kid.’ He said between coughs. ‘I knew retirement wouldn’t work out for you. Even though it looks like it’s slowed you down plenty.’ They broke the embrace and Cygan pointed to Logan’s chest. Lizzie thought Logan was in pretty good shape right now but he must have lost it a little since retiring!
Logan recoiled instantly. 
‘Hey, look who’s talking old man.’ He pointed to Cygan’s gut. ‘What I’ve lost up here,’ he patted his chest hard with an open palm, ‘you’ve gained down there.’ Cygan laughed hard and punched Logan as hard as his old fist could manage across the face. He didn’t even retaliate. That must have been normal in their already odd relationship… 
Cygan kneeled down and pulled open a few draws on the President’s desk. Lizzie was cautious and reached for her gun again. She didn’t draw, just stroked it gently with her fingertip. Jack was off studying pictures on the wall. She was finding it hard to trust Cygan, but she sure as sure trusted Logan, and that would have to do. 
Jack obviously felt the same given his lack of participation. She didn’t know whether or not to be insulted that she hadn’t been formally introduced. It hurt her in such a silly little way that Logan had just ignored her and started playfully bantering with his old Air Force buddy. She had to get a hold of her mixed feelings with him. 
‘I have something for you I reckon.’ He shuffled around some papers some more. ‘I found them in the armory downstairs and thought: “hey, I know the only son of a bitch who shoots these damn things in the whole freaking world.” So I saved them on the off chance I ever got to see you again!’ The old man was oddly emphatic. 
He drew out two heavy magazines. Long, thin, black cartridges that would fit snugly into his Desert Eagles. He handed them over with a smile. Lizzie relaxed but had to admit she was finding it hard to ride out the tension. Logan grabbed them enthusiastically and quickly reloaded his empty handguns. He slammed the magazines into their chambers with a heavy clunk-click sound. He took the 9 millimeter he had been given and placed it on the desk. 
Lizzie jumped again at the chance Cygan might still betray them. He didn’t. Logan pulled the catches back to check there was a bullet in each chamber, and then double checked the safety was still on. He was pretty anal about that. Lizzie slowly stepped forward, held Cygan’s old and interested eyes a second, and timidly reached out to retrieve the 9mm pistol from the desk. Nobody opposed her. She tucked it into her trousers with a stretch upwards to make room. 
‘How touching.’ Logan mocked, holstered his guns and just about caught Cygan smiling at Lizzie, but deep down he was grateful. 
Cygan sighed. The conversation change was inevitable and this friendly reunion would have to come to an eventual end. He gestured Logan over to the long couches at the other end of the office with a raised arm and a forced, fake, smile. Lizzie sat down next to Logan and he whistled to get Jack’s attention. He joined them too. 
‘Elizabeth Jones and, well, “Jack”.’ He pointed to each of them in turn. Cygan didn’t mean to be rude. He was from the Deep South too and he had good manners. But he just nodded and sighed again. 
‘I’m not sure we can stop this, kid.’ He admitted finally and slouched back into the couch. As a former member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, he had sat there many times before and considered it comfortable. Logan decided to spare him the torture. Maybe that kindness would help them to repair the fracture in their friendship.
‘We have a way.’ He stated mater-of-fact. ‘You remember Abraham?’ 
‘Of course I do.’ Cygan sat forward again with hands clasped. The mention of Abraham’s name conjured a thin smile. 
‘He figured it out. He thought he knew what the creatures actually are underneath.’ Logan continued. He went on to describe, pretty much word for word, what Abraham had figured out. He told him that he had died too. Even Cygan, with all the experience he had under his belt, looked a little shaken at the news of his death. 
Logan wasn’t sure of their relationship, maybe they had been friends too. He told him all about the drug that might reactivate other parts of the zombie’s brain and lift them out of their instinct driven, flesh hungry, state. 
Cygan took a long time to think. He slouched back further into his seat, a little deflated perhaps, and crossed his arms tightly over his chest. He didn’t meet their eyes for quite a while. 
They were hungry. All three of them. Lizzie found it intensely distracting. She just wanted this over with so she could try to find something to eat. She allowed her mind to wander a little and dreamt that Cygan was going to clap his hands together and say; “well, first thing tomorrow, we get right on it but for now we eat” and take them to whatever canteen or restaurant the White House had. 
It was another silly fantasy. She didn’t bother to indulge in it like she had the last one. That hadn’t turned out so well. Cygan finally broke the silence: 
‘You must be the world’s leading expert on biological warfare right now, son.’ He was talking to Logan of course. He wanted to argue with that statement though. Abraham made him look a fool. They were miles apart in intellect and Logan knew it, and embraced it, with no resentment at all. 
But he supposed that now Abe was dead, maybe he had to fill those shoes. Cygan continued through the awkward silence: 
‘So, Zolpidem, huh?’ He snorted and rubbed his clean shaven chin. 
‘Yeah.’ Logan stared blankly at the decorative carpet below. 
‘And we need to weaponise it and find a suitable delivery system.’ He echoed what Logan had told him just a few moments ago. ‘So how?’ Logan sighed a long drawn out and rumbling exhale before answering. 
‘To weaponise it shouldn’t be hard. Any compound can be superheated in water, in a pressure cooker basically, to bond it into liquid state. Then superheated again into the form of a gas. That will be the best delivery system, one that will affect the greatest amount of space.’ Lizzie’s head was starting to hurt again. Why did she find it so hard to process science? Logan continued but, for the first time in their short but intense relationship, she noticed that he had less confidence in his words. Though he continued on bravely:
‘I think securing enough of the compound and getting word out to any other survivors is the hard part.’ Cygan nodded in agreement. Lizzie decided it was time for her to make some input. 
‘Don’t you think a field test might be the first thing to do?’ She had their full attention. ‘We don’t even know that it works!’ She emphasized her point with a shrug of her shoulders. ‘Then all we need to do is get word out on every radio frequency possible for other people to do the same. If it works!’ A short, what felt like judgmental, silence followed.
‘Kid’s right!’ Cygan almost shouted. She was a little insulted by the patronizing designation of “kid” but she was beginning to sense that was an idiosyncrasy Cygan and Logan both shared so ignored it. Logan leaned forward in his comfy seat.
‘Exactly what resources do you have?’ He asked hiding his nerves. 
‘A few men here. Lost contact with the nuclear sub. Poor ass holes. A few brave, wifeless, test tube monkeys over at CDC (Chemical Disease Control) Washington division. And a hard line still open, by some freaking miracle, to the Russians at the freaking Kremlin.’ He announced proudly. 
Logan smiled at his cocky attitude that hadn’t faded even in old age. Lizzie couldn’t help but hone in on what he said about the nuclear sub. She remained hostile and suspicious of the old man and was glad he no longer had the ability to launch nuclear warheads. 
Was that why he was going ahead with Abraham’s plan? Because he had no further ability to launch? She hoped, with her last glimmer of forgiveness, that it was just a stray suspicious thought. But at least they were still in contact with CDC and survivors in another nation. 
‘CDC!’ Logan exclaimed. ‘That’s a load off.’ He accidentally breathed a deep sigh of relief. Jack had fallen asleep. Damn drunk. Cygan smiled a long, thin and contented smile: 
‘You got it. Let’s hope those ass holes can cook up some zombie killing gas.’ He clapped his wrinkled old hands. ‘Then we see if Vlad Gozuckmydik can recreate the same compound over on his Godforsaken side of the globe.’ Logan interrupted his old friends unintentionally insulting slurs. 
‘Let’s just prey it works.’ He said reflectively. ‘But what about field testing it?’ Cygan almost laughed with childlike enthusiasm. 
He clapped his hands together again. That must have startled Jack; he snorted a little, but didn’t wake up or stir physically. 
‘I just so happen to remember that Madam President used to have a prolific sleeping problem. Maybe there will be some lying around here if we get lucky?’ 
The two battered old Generals just smiled and laid back in the couch. If Logan had to be honest he was quite looking forward to a night at the White House. It was safe and secure there and he was hoping beyond hope that there would be some food on the cards. 
Cygan and his men were surviving somehow; they must have had food stores somewhere. He would kill for a crappy army dry ration right there and then. The last meal he could even remember was the mixed pot of sausages and soup Lizzie had made in her flat. That was two nights ago. 
Since then he had only eaten a few rubbish sweets he found stuffed down the seat in the fire engine. 
Chapter Nineteen
Field Testing
I don’t think I can describe how I feel right now. But I guess I’ll try. I suppose if I die tomorrow and someone finds my diary it might make an interesting read. Who knows, when the historians of the future, if we even have one, come to write the history of the zombie plague, they’re welcome to use it. 
Maybe that’s a little more self-indulgent than I should be? I wonder if Logan keeps a diary. I doubt it. I’m sure the world, whatever messed up fractured society rises from the ashes of the zombie infection, would be far more interested in hearing what he thinks. Not what I think. 
I thought I was going to die the other day. I foolishly ignored the warning signs that I was getting sick and tried to go off on my own like some hero I’m clearly not! I passed out. I’ve never been so terrified in all my life. I thought I could feel myself turning. I could feel a tense boiling sensation in the pit of my stomach. Burning aches and pains all over my muscles. Shooting pain all down my back. I thought I was going to wake up as one of them and start wandering the Earth in a loose state of consciousness and start eating my friends. 
I was first up today. I couldn’t sleep for the dreams. I dreamt I was walking, more shuffling, through open wild meadows. I could feel the reeds and pretty wild flowers brush past my hands as I walked by. I was happy, in my dream, at first. 
I thought it must all be over and we had escaped to a land far away where there was no infection. I thought we had made it. 
I tried to run but couldn’t. I started to panic. When I looked down at my hands they were ripped and torn apart. Congealed black blood stained my borrowed clothes. I pressed my hands to my face and peeled off whole layers of skin and flesh! I screamed my lungs hoarse! 
I woke up crying and sweating like a kid having a nightmare. Is that how they feel? Are the zombies awake or self-aware but unable to control their actions? I really, really hope not. That would be a fate so much worse than death. I’d rather burn in Hell. 
I was thinking about all those stories I used to hear about people waking up during surgery. They were completely awake, could feel pain, but couldn’t express themselves because of the anesthetic. I can’t help but wonder if that is how the zombies feel. I feel horrible even using that word. 
“Zombies”. I wonder if the people they used to be are still in there somewhere but can’t scream out no matter how much they might want to. I’m eager as anything to get going today. That dream has filled me with a renewed sense of urgency, maybe even duty, to start wiping out the zombies once and for all. I hope this plan works. 
Logan’s still asleep beside me. These beds aren’t too shabby at all. I guess I’d never even thought that one day I might be sleeping in the President’s bed. It should feel different, like star-struck I guess, but it doesn’t. 
I think Logan’s bull might finally be rubbing off on me. It doesn’t matter that the President used to live here now that whole system lies in tatters out there on the streets. It’s just another dead person’s house. 
He and Jack shared a pretty large amount of whisky last night. I wanted to slap the two of them! They know what we have to do today. I can’t stop looking at him like I do though. I’m looking at him, thinking he should be this incorruptible, super human role model. 
He’s just a man. A great man, don’t get me wrong, but he is just a guy the same as any other deep down. I can’t imagine what burdens he carries, emotionally, both things from his past and the pressures of the present. I shouldn’t think so harshly about him having a drink. Maybe he just needed to dial out for a night. 
It’s not like we aren’t safe here. Cygan wanted to go with us today. I know Logan likes the guy. Maybe he even sees him as a father figure or something. Maybe that was why he stopped him. I can’t read the old guy. I hope Logan is right, and that he just tried to do what he thought was right. Maybe in time I’ll see the same old man he does. 
‘Nice sleep?’ She put her diary down on the bed side table and stopped writing when she heard him stir. Logan rolled over, shook himself awake remarkably quickly, and climbed out of the warm bed. Jack was still snoring on the floor at the foot of the bed. He had used a bunch of pillows, duvets, and couch cushions to make a nice, comfortable looking den for him to sleep in. He cleared his throat. 
‘Can’t complain. Nice to have a bed.’ He had slept fully clothed just in case. He grabbed his jacket from the corner post of the ornate oak bed and pulled it on. His eyes were a little bloodshot. If he was feeling hung over he was at least hiding it well. He kicked Jack insensitively in the shin. 
‘Come on, things to do.’ He stumbled into the on suite bathroom to splash his face with water and get a quick drink. There was no running water but one of Cygan’s men had brought them a dish of freshly collected rainwater from the roof late last night. 
Lizzie jumped eager out of bed. That fireman’s jacket she had stolen was no good. It was full of blood from the house back in Valhalla. She chucked it out first chance she got. She rooted through the President’s wardrobe for something better. She had liked the last President. 
Probably the very last President and one of the first females to hold the office. She was a little bit of a tom boy too and Lizzie almost connected with her. She had always been photographed outside and loved sports like canoeing and wild camping. Those hobbies showed in her choice of clothes. 
Lizzie chose a warm knitted jumper, white in color, with a turtle neck. It was warmish outside. No need for a jacket. While Logan was busy she stretched and paced around the bedroom. It had been stripped of carpet and the bare wood beneath was showing. Cygan must have done that for some reason, maybe to burn. 
The bed was a beautifully carved four post piece with curtains all around. It was a little old fashioned but the mattress was firm and made for a really good night of rest. There were a few picture frames dotted around of the President and her family. Lizzie looked at them but only briefly. It was best not to dwell on those things. 
Jack shuffled himself awake and rolled off the collection of pillows. He looked visibly hung over. But he was a borderline alcoholic anyway so he was used to it. He stretched so hard all the vertebrae in his back cracked in turn. He had slept fully clothed too. Black camouflage pants, plain black t-shirt, and even his gun belt. He coughed hard:
‘I really wish you’d had some whisky last night. Then I might not be so hung over.’ He smiled and started flapping his arms around to increase circulation. He was charming and Lizzie had grown to like him despite his obvious and glaring personality flaw. 
‘Hey, listen pal; you knew what we had to do today. You pay your own damn price!’ She said sternly with a pointed finger. 
His smile was infectious and she had to try really hard not to laugh when he started sniggering. He batted her accusatory hand out of the way gently. Logan had finished washing up and was stood in the doorway to the en suite. 
‘Ah, young love blossoms at the end of the world.’ He mocked. He had such a smug smile. He stood triumphantly with his arms folded. Jack latched onto the chance to wind Lizzie up. 
‘Oh imagine the kids! Your pretty face. My alcohol problem.’ He poked fun at himself. Lizzie blushed and shook her head. No way was she entertaining the two of them by biting and rising to the bait. 
The door to the room slammed open violently and Cygan half entered. Still in his pressed uniform, still bolt upright with his posture. 
‘Hustle you sorry ass holes, time’s wasting!’ He shouted trying to sound angry. Logan was more than used to the old man. It was just his way. 
Jack, the programmed military part of him anyway, jumped to attention and was first out of the door following Cygan. He led them through a maze of hallways to some access stairs. He bounded up them and exited onto the roof. 
It had rained in the night. Puddles of water had collected in weaker parts of the white painted roof. Cygan shouted at the sniper on watch. 
‘You see anything last night?’ 
‘No sir.’ He recoiled and stood to attention. Jack couldn’t hold it in. 
‘Were you awake?’ He shouted over the wind. 
‘Err, yes sir.’ The guard shouted back innocently. He knew he had dozed off. Cygan cut the banter short.
‘Fact is we haven’t seen Reggie in days.’ He pointed over the green and over to the city. ‘Not a freaking whisper.’ Cygan dug into his pocket and brought out a small pack of tablets. They had, in bold black lettering, the word “Zolpidem” centered at the top of the packet. ‘But I did find these while you ass holes were drunk.’ He smiled and tossed them at Logan. 
He caught them and started studying both sides of the packet. It was prescription strength. That was encouraging. The stronger the drug the better chance they would have of it working. Cygan was making a subtle point by dragging them out there to the roof. Logan hadn’t seen any zombies in Washington at all, bar the one trapped and lonely inside of the White House Museum. He stuffed the packet of drugs into his pocket carefully. 
‘There has to be one or more out there. Maybe hiding in an office building or even a homeless person living rough. I refuse to believe the whole city has been abandoned.’ Logan protested. He walked over to the edge of the roof and peered down to the soggy grass below. There were a few blood pools slowly seeping into the Earth. 
‘How long has it been since you were last attacked?’ He seized the opportunity to ask. 
Cygan looked thoughtful for a second. 
‘A few days ago I think. But it was odd. They were moving in a herd. Like freaking sheep. I decided to employ a new tactic and ordered the boys to just keep their heads down and stay as silent as possible. They just wandered on by.’ Cygan raised his arm pointing to one side of the green below and swept it across to point to the other side. That sort of confirmed a few of Logan’s own theories about the way the zombies had begun to behave. 
They were being led, not by any one of them in particular, to wander the Earth like nomads looking for the next source of food. He was going to say something about it but decided not to bother. More important things were at stake. If this plan of Abraham’s didn’t work then he was officially out of ideas. 
He relished the silence for a few seconds for the sake of his throbbing head but he knew he had to get his stuff together and get going soon. 
‘The three of us will hit the streets dead ahead. That way, your sniper can keep us covered if we get into any bother, I’m sure there will be at least one of them left behind.’ No one objected to his plan. The sniper seemed up for it. He signaled so by tapping the long barrel of his long and powerful rifle. 
‘Don’t worry sir I’ll keep Reggie off your back.’ Cygan nodded; pointed to the staircase they had just used, and led them from behind. 
Logan checked his Desert Eagles one last time. Cygan told him he had only found those two clips. Lizzie had reloaded but didn’t want any other gun. The small 9 millimeter was what she was used to and it would be fine. Jack had taken the rifle that Logan had stolen unsolicited from Jake, and made sure he had a fair amount of ammunition with him. Logan pushed past Cygan and took the lead. 
‘May as well leave by the same way we got in here.’ He told them and worked his way back down the characterless corridors back to the small museum. That zombie, the one Lizzie had wiped out in the entranceway, was still there festering into the already old, dated and mouldy carpet. That proved there had to be at least a few more of them hanging around. Or so Logan thought. 
He and Cygan grabbed the desk they had used to bar the door the previous night and, with some strain, shoved it out of the way. He nodded to Jack, then to Lizzie. They were both focused and eager. He turned back to Cygan. He knew the old man wanted to come but it was no shock to anyone that he was past his fighting fit best. 
‘Lock the place down once we leave. Then try to get in touch with Mother Russia and get them hanging on every word.’ He was brave to be the one shooting the orders around. But at the end of the day this was Abraham’s plan. A plan that Logan, the younger of the two General’s, had been entrusted to see through to the end. 
There was no command structure anymore. Only natural leaders and nothing else. Cygan could have argued. He could have played the rank card and tried to make it difficult but he didn’t. Lizzie, especially, found that odd. She couldn’t shake her distrust of him or let the recent past sink into the distant and forgotten past. She still hated him for destroying her city. 
They filtered out of the door behind Logan. He was checking every inch of the way, step by step. The sun had risen again in the Capital and the air was clean, fresh and stimulating. No traffic, no noise pollution, no people or zombies. On any other day this would have been a nice place and a nice feeling. 
There was no clear objective and no clear direction. Heading back to the fire engine they had parked up the previous night was a decent start. They needed to stay on that side of the White House anyway in order to receive any cover from the Sniper as they had organized. There was bound to be something in that direction. Lizzie strode ahead to catch up with Logan’s brisk pace. 
‘See anything?’ She nudged him gently in the shoulder with hers. Jack was focused on the road behind. Even though it was a dead end and finished with a wall of concrete. His training had kicked in and he was diligently checking the rear for any danger. 
‘No.’ His one word answer stopped any chance of a conversation in its tracks. He was listening to the wind to try to hear if anything was carrying on it. Nothing. No groans or shrieks at all. 
They reached the parked up fire engine in no time. They had all forgotten how beat up it had gotten. They had almost forgotten about the dents and caked on blood. The once proudly polished metallic paint had been stripped clean off in some parts. Bone fragments, torn clothing, and dark brown blood were spilled all over the powerful lights and bumper. 
Logan halted at the back end to decide which of the streets behind he should take. Jack grabbed his binoculars again and zoomed in on the sniper on the roof. He was still awake this time at least. Jack waved frantically. The guard waved back with one hand. 
‘Maybe we should just make as much noise as possible and see if anything responds?’ The thought occurred to Jack as he glanced over the fire engine that he had grown oddly attached to. He locked his eyes on the flashing blue lights atop the beast and thought about the siren. Nothing much else would be louder. Logan pondered the idea, noticed where Jack was looking, and realized what his plan would entail. 
‘I guess we’re still in running distance of the White House in case things get too intense.’ He never looked in one place for too long. He eyed up the battered fire engine, then cast his gaze back to the White House, and then to the decimated street lying ahead. 
It was risky though. A good plan that was for sure. But he didn’t like the thought of getting overrun. 
‘Why don’t the two of you stay here for just a minute while I check out the forward area?’ He pointed down the street ahead and looked back to make sure it was still in the sniper’s arc of fire. ‘There’s no need to compromise ourselves just yet.’ Lizzie really didn’t like the thought of him going off alone. In fact she was surprised that he thought of it in the first place. 
He was as sharp as could be when it came to reading people. She hadn’t even said anything but he sensed her worry instantly. 
‘Don’t worry kid, I’ll be in eyeshot the whole time, and I’m covered by the sniper.’ He pointed back up to the roof and smiled to reassure her. She reluctantly nodded. 
Logan turned his attention back to the decimated street ahead. Cars littered each side of the wide street, some of them were caved in and some of them had their doors wide open. The caved in ones looked to have been smashed by bare hands and bloodied fists. The zombies really worked themselves up frenzy once they had the chance of food. 
The wind had settled a little and the smell was starting to hit him in the heat of the rising and powerful sun. He slowly approached the first car on his right hand side. It was ridden up a curb and had floored a lamp post through the window of the nearest building. 
The wind shield was caved in and full of dried blood and the door was wide open. It was a big family sedan. He kept his distance and circled the silver vehicle. Blood and entrails had been spilled out into the foot wells of the two front seats. He circled the car some more to find a flesh stripped skull atop a decomposing corpse in the back seat. 
He didn’t dare guess the age of that victim. Loose pieces of flesh hung from the cracked bone. He got as close as he dared but the smell was overpowering. He was certain the skull had teeth marks on it. Deep gouges dragged into the soft bone as a frantic zombie had fed on the skin and brain of the victim. He had seen some horrific scenes and attended a lot of deaths in his time as commander of the WDC but that was, even for him, a little much. 
He sighed and moved away quickly. He didn’t want a mouthful of that smell again when he breathed back in. The car had wiped out a lamp post. It was arched over skew whiff and had caved in a window of the third floor of the closest building. It was worth having a look. 
He glanced back to his two friends. Lizzie was pacing with arms folded around the cabin of the fire truck. She was impatient and not responding to Jack’s repeated attempt to engage her in conversation. There was chemistry there for sure though. 
Jack liked her. Logan could tell by the way he acted around her. Almost boyish and coy. He whistled faintly and Jack’s eyes darted over to him. He pointed to his eyes with two fingers and pointed up the lamp post. He was going to climb it and didn’t want them to panic when he disappeared out of view. 
Jack shifted position and darted across the street intersection so that he could clearly see all three, Logan, Lizzie and the White House. Logan grasped the cold metal of the lamp post with all the power of his grip. He steadied his boot on the thing and kept balance. He shimmied up the steep pole skillfully and eased himself through the broken window. 
Some glass snagged on his thick jacket and crashed to the floor. He closed his eyes and held his breath. Nothing stirred. He must have gotten away with it. 
Some poor office worker had been killed by the falling lamp post. The skeleton, ripped clean of flesh by turned zombies, lay broken under the weight of the light. Its smart office clothes had been burned to cinders. 
The light must have set him on fire. At least the office man would have been dead before he was stripped of his flesh. There was glass all over the floor. Both from the window and from the shattered lamp atop the broken post. He controlled his movement the best he could but crunching the odd flake of glass beneath his heavy frame was inevitable. Every sound seemed amplified given the deathly silence in the city. 
The office was plain, well furnished, wealthy and carpeted. Logan was conscious that he was no longer protected by either the sniper of by his two friends in the street below. He started stroking the Desert Eagles again with the tips of his finger. He didn’t draw though. He was far too controlled and collected for that. 
The crushed man must have been important in his previous life. He was alone in the large office. Blood stained the carpet and the door at the edge of the long thin room was hanging lose from its hinges at the top. He slowly made his way over and creaked the door aside. The glass in the centre of the door had broken off and splintered into pieces on the floor. 
Beyond was a large room full of cubicles. He could see right over to the elevators at the other side. Their doors were wedged open and the shafts were exposed. There must have been at least thirty cubicles in the large white room. Each separated from the other with fake plastic walls that reached no higher than a few feet. It would be very easy to get trapped in there. Logan started making his way down the centre of the cubicles. Down the exposed walkway and towards the elevator shafts at the other side of the room. 
He peered diligently into every office cubicle but found nothing but broken office equipment, torn papers and turned over seats. He was starting to get impatient. There was nothing. Every inch of the place was void of life, and afterlife too. 
‘Anyone there?’ He shouted out in the silence. Pale sunlight filtered in through the large windows and the room was well lit. He was confident that nothing could sneak up on him even though his move was a little reckless. He gripped his Desert Eagles ready to draw them if needed but there was no sound at all. 
He exhaled sharply in anger and impatience. He strode over the next few steps and peered down the elevator shafts. At the bottom of one was a destroyed elevator. It had crumpled under its own weight and the metal was burned and charred by a fire that had gone out long ago. At the bottom of the other were broken bodies. There was a pile of them and he couldn’t tell how many of them there were. 
They had all been burned, reduced to carbon, and lay there cold and stiff. Everywhere he looked there was more death and destruction. That last scene reminded him of holocaust pictures. He thumped the metal control panel with an angered grunt. 
He hated that he couldn’t do anything right. He hated that every one of the refugees from New York had been killed and he couldn’t do a damn thing about it. He hated that he couldn’t control the situation. 
He had to stay focused on that Zolpidem in his pocket. He trusted in Abe and in his abilities as a Doctor. If that worked he could at least try to save what was left. He made his way back down the office corridor, slid out of the broken window, down the lamp post and back over to Jack and Lizzie. 
He could see the relief in her face. She rushed over to hug him. He allowed it for a brief moment but gently pushed her aside. He was angry inside and when he felt like that he just wanted his own damn space. No matter how much he cared for Lizzie and needed her, deep down, as a friend. It was nothing personal, he was just used to dealing with things on his own.
‘There’s nothing.’ He announced with a grunt. ‘Just bodies, either eaten or burned to nothing.’ He reached out a hand and propped himself up on the fire truck. Jack opened the unlocked door and pushed the key in the ignition. 
‘Plan B then?’ He asked before pushing the button on the centre console that would turn on the siren.
‘Do it.’ Logan said with a new resolve. He drew his Desert Eagles sensing what might occur. Lizzie gently placed an open palm on Logan’s back. Emotion hard ball or not, she wanted to at least try to comfort him. He patted her gently on the back in what was little more than a token gesture. She sensed he didn’t want to talk and let it go. 
There was nothing in the world, as decrepit as it had become, that would make her think less of him. He was just a tad complex at times. Jack pushed the button and the sirens wailed into life. 
They were deafening! The blue lights caressed the walls of the nearby buildings and washed them in a mixture of blue and red. Jack pulled himself out of the cabin and broke off to watch the rear of the fire engine. If there was even a single zombie left in the distance of a few blocks it would hear the ruckus. 
‘Turn it off!’ Logan yelled. He couldn’t hear himself think at all. Lizzie threw herself into the seat and turned the ignition off. The lights stayed on but the siren stopped. It left an irritating buzz in their ears. 
As soon as the squealing of the siren stopped they all heard the distant moans. There was a lot more than just one! A car alarm! A zombie must have bounced off a car further down the street. That started off a chain reaction as more and more of them started going off. The air erupted in a haze of blaring, irritating wails. 
The sniper on the roof was a faster thinker than any of them had assumed. He shot at the cars one by one until the alarms stopped. He could see a lot further down the street than the three of them could. But they had no radio, and therefore, no way to ask him how many of the zombies to expect. 
‘Are you two ready for this?’ Logan yelled. Jack nodded with a smile. Logan was starting to wonder if that man cared if he even lived or died. Especially given that speech he had given about death back at the fire station. 
Lizzie was far more apprehensive but took control of her own fears and stood ready, gun drawn to eye level. The flashing lights cast deep colorful shadows down the street. The first one in a group of twenty came staggering into view. They looked like the ones back at the freeway. Old. Among the first to turn. There was no telling where they had come from or how far they had walked to get there. 
‘We need one still standing!’ Logan yelled and remembered to unzip his pocket where he was keeping the Zolpidem. No idea yet how he was going to make one of the zombies eat it though. He would have to wait for inspiration. He hoped the sniper would have the self-restraint not to kill them all as well. 
Jack fired first. A controlled burst of five bullets that tore through the withered, sun melted, skull of the first zombie. It hit the cold concrete with a dull thud. Its jaw fell listlessly to the ground and blood and bile oozed from its throat. Lizzie lined up five in a row, fired with a seconds break between each shot, and hit every one of her targets with precision. 
Blood and skull shards splattered over the burned out and caved in cars. That left fourteen. The sniper started firing with deadly precision. Each shot of his echoes around the enclosed green of the White House and the office buildings beyond. 
The powerful rifle decapitated each of his targets with ease. Heads rolled over snapped neck lines and bodies fell one after another. The sniper paused, intelligently, for Logan to act. 9 were left. He had both Desert Eagles drawn. He fired a shot from one, then the other, then back again. He hit every target too, in the head, every time. 
Jack had erupted in a burst of fire again but aimed for the back of the pack. He was messy, sloppy and trigger happy. He was a pilot though so had to be forgiven. 
‘Take it easy Jack!’ Logan yelled over the gunfire when he counted only three left. Lizzie had her next target lined up.
‘Which one?’ She yelled at Logan and paused before firing. Jack let up his hail of bullets to reload. Of the three zombies left, there was a big looking guy, a thinner woman and a child of no more than fifteen. 
‘Make it the big guy!’ He yelled and fired at the youngest of the three. He didn’t want to have the image of someone so young, fall by his own gun, burned into the back of his iris for the rest of his life. But he felt he needed to spare the other two that same horror. 
Lizzie shot the woman right between the eyes and Jack lined up the biggest of the three in his sights. 
‘Say the word General!’ He shouted to let his new friend know that he had him covered. If anything went wrong Jack wouldn’t have hesitated to blow the zombie’s head off. It, despite several bullet wounds from Jack’s reckless spray, was still shuffling forward. He was within a few feet and reaching out his arms at full stretch for Logan’s chest. 
‘Stay back!’ Logan shouted and holstered his Desert Eagles. The zombie was bleeding out all over the place. He walked, relentlessly, on a compound fracture to his left knee. 
He took the box of Zolpidem from his pocket and held it out bravely to the zombie’s mouth. The creature continued snarling and snapping, hoping to catch Logan’s fingers. Logan kept backing away and checking behind. The creature lunged forward again and took hold of the box in its sharp teeth. 
Those ghastly, exposed, rotting teeth. It bit down but quickly realized there was no flesh to be swallowed. Logan reached out, gave out a deep growl, and threw a solid right uppercut to the creatures chin. A violent crunch confirmed he had broken its jaw. Logan backed off quickly and drew his guns once again. 
The zombie stumbled around for a few moments. The compound fracture on its knee eventually gave way with a snap and it fell to the floor. Every gun was trained on its skull. 
‘Wait!’ Logan snapped, sensing the nervousness in his team mates, those fingers flexing closer to the trigger. 
‘It isn’t doing anything!’ Lizzie protested. 
The milky white of its glazed eyes started clearing as the zombie rolled awkwardly onto its side to look at the three of them. Its iris’ started to focus like the lenses of a camera. Suddenly it stopped growling, stopped gnashing with its broken jaw, and began to breathe deeply and irregularly. 
It cried. So loud that it sounded as if the whole world was crying all at once. It was a shattering scream, one full of life and purpose that shook the very bones of every listener. Every breath renewed the ferocity of the scream, filled with pain and regret, until Lizzie could take it no more. 
‘Stop it for fuck’s sake!’ Logan couldn’t tell if she was shouting at him or at the zombie. But she began to cry. The emotional cry of the zombie didn’t fade for a few more breaths.
Logan ignored her. He was coldly focused on the creature and its eyes. Just like he had been with Jenny back in the library. That very first example of a victim returning from death. Jack pulled Lizzie close and hugged her tight. She hated feeling like the damsel but that cry was painful just to hear. Logan snapped out of it long enough to remember how much Lizzie meant to him. 
‘I’m sorry; we need to ride this out.’ He said firmly but without the coldness. He followed the zombie’s eyes. He knelt down to look closer. It had stopped reaching out for flesh. 
There was something behind its eyes. Not life per se, but focus, not just with consciousness but a conscience. That glimmer faded quickly. It closed its eyes one last time and gave in, finally, to death. Logan sighed a grateful, yet deeply saddened, long sigh. He stood up, took off his jacket, and respectfully draped it over the fallen, former zombie. 
He had forgotten that courtesy once before and regretted it. He leaned down and tucked the jacket around the broken body. He closed his eyes. Jack couldn’t tell from behind Lizzie’s wispy hair and floods of tears. But he was sure Logan was praying. 
Maybe thanking someone above for making this the end. Or maybe quietly remembering his friend, Abraham, who had saved the world in death. Logan walked over, half glad and half embarrassed, back to Lizzie. He pulled her away from Jack and rubbed her shoulders gently. She slowly pulled herself together and dried her eyes with the sleeves of her woolen jumper. 
‘I’m sorry.’ She sobbed feeling embarrassed. ‘I just…’ She wanted to tell him about that dream. The one she’d had last night. Where she felt as though a zombie might still be living inside of a waking nightmare. 
She couldn’t get the words out. 
‘Never apologies for having a heart.’ He said plainly, reflective, and a little ashamed of how cold he could sometimes be. Jack was gently caressing her other shoulder in friendly comfort. 
‘It worked though.’ Jack said soberly. He glanced back to the White House, took out his binoculars, and saw the sniper victoriously raising his rifle above his head over and over again. Like it was a trident. 
Cygan was there too but remained poised and motionless as usual. Even through the binoculars Jack could see the faintest smile though. Maybe he had been misjudged. Logan had been right about the old man after all. 
‘Is it over?’ Lizzie asked longingly, almost childishly. She had changed on this journey. She no longer clung hopelessly to the mantle of being a cop. 
She was a woman. A damn good fighter and strong willed too. But she had, in Logan’s eyes at least, become the conscience of a world without one. 
‘We get word to Russia.’ He relaxed his tense shoulders, gripped the bridge of his nose with two fingers, and closed his eyes for a second. ‘It is not over.’ He admitted. He couldn’t lie to her. ‘But it’s a start.’
Thanks from the Author. If you enjoyed reading my book, please take the time to submit a small review at https://www.smashwords.com. Also, if you enjoyed this title, please also see my other titles: “Kraken Orbital”, a chilling ghost story set far into the future, and “The First Zombie”, a short story about the first zombie who had not noticed his own death. Both available for download at https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/484472 and https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/452802  
Connect with the author. If you would like to talk about any of these books, take a look at my author profile at https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/JamesJStubbsPublishing where you can also add me on facebook. Or check out my website at http://jamesjstubbs.wix.com/jamesjstubbs where you can email me directly.

