The Shuffler’s Dance

Copyright 2014 Jackie Mason
Published by Jackie Mason at Smashwords

Cover design copyright Melissa Alvarez, BookCovers.Us
Photograph Depositphoto.com, copyright nejron
 
Smashwords Edition License Notes



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Chapter 1



Jayden Newberry hid in the darkness of night.  She was confident no one would notice her rental car.  She had parked in the same spot nearly every night for over a week, so if someone did take notice, they would probably think one of their neighbors had a new car.  But of course, assumptions were never a good idea.  Their neighbor did not have a new car.  He had a new mistress.
She watched her bedroom light turn off.  Horny Nick and his girlfriend were at it again. 
Patience, Jayden.  Patience.
She would wait a little while to make sure they were in the thick of it.  But she had already made sure so many times that she was on the verge of becoming obsessive.  And right now, she had enough situational disorders to fill a shrink’s notepad.  
She had never thought of herself as a vindictive person.  Violent, either, for that matter.  Yet here she was, stalking her husband and his now not-so-secret lover.  For over a week, she had listened to them gallivant and copulate to high-pitched squeals and pleas for more.  More slapping, more punching, more whipping.  Honestly, if not for the fact he was her husband, she would have called the cops.  Someone was being tortured beyond the open-screened window.  But it always ended the same.  No one died, and it was obvious they had both enjoyed it.  Nick and his guest were participating in a little S&M.  
Lovely.  She came home to that bed.  She slept there for hours and never knew someone else’s bodily fluids pressed against her skin.  She bit her lip to wash away the image.  She was just relieved they had never had kids.  That was the one redeeming thing about working third shift.  She was rarely home at night to make a baby.
She looked away.  Her stomach was in knots.  If she threw up in the rental car, there would be a high cleaning bill, and that was the last thing she needed.  She was going to have to watch her expenses.  Wisconsin was a no-fault divorce state, and there would be no extra money from Nick’s indiscretions.  But she didn’t want his money, anyway.  She wanted revenge.
She wondered how long Nick had been into S&M.  He’d never given her the idea that he was even remotely interested in it.  But now she knew his guilty pleasure.  Why not let everyone else know, too?  
Jayden had spent the day while Nick was at work preparing for tonight’s cinematic event.  It had been quite easy, but she would have to wait and see if it worked out before she started patting herself on the back.  She knew she was being rash but she didn’t care.  She just wanted to get it over with before she had time to change her mind.  And then she would walk away and never speak to him again.
What she needed was a life-changing event.  Her life sucked, plain and simple.  She had a dead-end job at a canning factory and was constantly being forced to work overtime.  She had no life.  And now she had no husband.         
 She decided it was time.  She stuffed her long brown hair under a baseball cap, zipped up her black jacket, and exited the car.  She walked to the service entrance of the garage.  In the back, behind an unwanted ping pong table standing on edge, she removed the fifty-five-inch flat screen TV she had lugged up from the family room in the basement.  She struggled with it out the door, being careful not to step on the extension cord and yank it out of the outlet.  She set it on the driveway next to the sidewalk, screen side facing the street, and then used a flashlight to make sure the wiring to the temporary loudspeaker on the power pole was still intact.  It too, faced away from her property. Then, after sneaking up to the bedroom window to make sure there was still some action going on, she walked back to the rental car and retrieved her IPAD from under the seat.  
Jayden found the icon she had placed on the screen, brought up the program, and tested it at low volume to make sure it worked.  The screen from the fifty-five-inch TV lit up, along with a great high def visual of some naughty people at play.  The audio worked great, too, so she slid her finger across the volume line to maximize the sound.  
The neighborhood suddenly became an outdoor movie theater.  Triple X.  For adults only. There was one redeeming quality about her work; as far as she knew, this was an adult-only neighborhood.  No young kids.  Well, there were kids, but she was quite certain the teenage boys down the street would enjoy the show.  
There was only one thing left to do.  She dialed 911.  She had already made sure the GPS was disengaged so the cops couldn’t find out that she was the one who had called.  She gave her address and told the dispatcher she was certain someone was being beaten and murdered in the house.  Hurry!  
She stalled a few moments and relished the sight of porch lights turning on and people rushing outside.  Poor Nick and his bimbo; they were so engrossed in their actions that at first they were unaware of their effect on the neighborhood.  They had ignored the tv in the bedroom (Jayden had made sure the sound was off to keep them ignorant for as long as possible), but when they finally came up for air and saw themselves in their very own porn movie and heard the noise outside, it was too late.  
Jayden started to laugh, but even then, she had to quell the sudden sympathy she had for her victims.  Kill the sympathy.  He isn’t worth it.  
She heard the wail of sirens.  They were getting closer by the second.  
She turned the car around and slowly headed from the scene.  She drove down side streets until she thought it was safe to take the main road.  And then she drove to the rental business, dropped off the keys, and took possession of her own car.  
Good bye, Nick.  I hope she was worth it.



Chapter 2



How the hell did this happen?  Ryhs Finley stifled a mounting eruption of annoyance.  Anger threatened to spew from his mouth like an unchecked GERD attack.  Of all the people to bum a ride with his family, it had to be Lauren Bowers?  Yet here she was, standing in his own kitchen not five feet away, boldly daring him to say no.  And right next to her was Karen, holding their baby girl, Brittney.
“You don’t mind, do you, Ryhs?” Karen said, switching Brittney to her other hip, trying to quiet the five-month-old’s fussing.  “I know it’s just a little out of the way, but Lauren’s mom is sick, her car broke down, and she’s got to get to Appleton.  I just wouldn’t forgive myself if her mom died and she wasn’t with her.”
Ryhs glanced at Lauren.  Her face was downcast and appropriately sober for Karen’s benefit, but her blue eyes stared boldly at Ryhs between long strands of blonde hair.  She absentmindedly pulled the hair from her eyes and admired her newly-manicured nails which sparkled with the newest nail art.  “I just found out an hour ago, Ryhs,” she said, turning a sorrowful face to Karen.  “Right before work was over.  Karen, I so appreciate your kind offer.  I just can’t thank you enough.”
Karen hugged Lauren, and Brittney screamed in protest of being bumped into a stranger.  Ryhs turned around and rolled his eyes, infuriated.  He knew exactly what was going on here, but there was no way he could tell his wife.  Not now, after so much time had passed.
A month ago, Ryhs had stopped by his wife’s office, used the men’s room, and before he could leave, Lauren Bowers had barged through the door.  She threw herself at him, audaciously reached for his manhood, and impudently begged him with her eyes to respond.  At first, Ryhs had tried to gently extricate himself, trying to find the right words to say.   All he could think of at that moment was that his wife was down the hall waiting for him.  Lauren was Karen’s co-worker. But more than that, Lauren was also her boss.  If Ryhs wasn’t careful, the self-assured and overly-confident Lauren would make Karen pay for his rebuff.
Ryhs also knew that Lauren had just divorced her third husband.  No surprise there.  It was obvious she could get a man, but just as obvious she couldn’t keep one.  Lauren was still young: thirty-five years old, tall, and fashionably thin.  She was beautiful, actually.  But Ryhs did not find her attractive.  She was superficial and mean-spirited.  But more important, he loved his wife more than he loved himself.  He loved his little girl and the life they all shared together.  Some of his friends would have jumped at the chance to be with Lauren.  But he wasn’t one of them and he never would be.
When Lauren had grabbed Ryhs, his body had automatically started to respond to her groping fingers, but just as suddenly it had stopped. Anger overcame him but he carefully pulled away.  “Thank you, but no thank you,” he had said, looking her in the eye.  “You’re my wife’s boss, and she thinks you’re a friend.  I’ll pretend this never happened.”
Ryhs Finley glanced at his image in the mirror before leaving the bathroom. For some reason, he almost felt guilty, though common sense told him he had no reason to be.  His blue-gray eyes looked smoky, his jaw set. He tried to relax, and he brushed a hand through his dark brown hair.  He shook his wide shoulders as if shaking off a chill, and he left the bathroom, careful to ignore a fuming Lauren.
Ryhs sat down in front of Karen’s desk and tried to relax, his emotions conflicted.  He wanted to tell her what had just happened, but now was not the time.  Suddenly Lauren was standing beside him, telling him how lucky he was to have Karen for a wife.  She was a wonderful employee, but more than that, a good and trusted friend.
“I hope you treat her right, Ryhs,” she said.   “I’m sure you will . . .  Or do, I mean.”  She laughed lightly.  “Because if you don’t, I know a very handsome man who would just love to find her available.”
Karen looked puzzled, as if unsure how to interpret Lauren’s words.  Ryhs watched Karen.  He knew she wasn’t the most worldly person, even a little naive, and totally unlike Lauren.  But Karen did think of Lauren as a friend, and the way she looked from Lauren to Ryhs, she seemed to be thinking that Lauren was flirting in a roundabout way with Ryhs.  Or, perhaps, a thinly-veiled threat?  
Ryhs wasn’t sure how Karen was taking this.  He was about to confront Lauren but he knew it could backfire on him.  The idea of what Lauren had just done in the bathroom seemed ludicrous.  Karen might not believe him.  And so he chose to overlook it.  It probably would never happen again anyway.  And hopefully, Karen would find another job which would solve the problem completely.  In the end, he chose to remain silent for fear there would be the slightest doubt in Karen’s mind.  He didn’t think he could stand to have her look at him with suspicion.
“Ryhs?” Karen asked him now.  “Helloooo . . .   Ryhs?  You there?”  Karen laughed, a bit nervously.  It was obvious she wanted to help Lauren, yet she did not want to upset Ryhs.  “Lauren’s mom lives on the west side of Appleton. We can just get off the freeway, drive a few minutes, and be there.  Then we can be back on our way to Milwaukee.  That okay, hon?”
Ryhs bit the bullet and smiled.  “Sure.  No problem.”
Two hours later with yet another hour to get to Appleton, Lauren revealed the real reason she wanted to be with the Finleys.  Sitting in the back seat behind Karen, she casually reached over and stroked Brittney’s hair.  “Such a beautiful child you two have.  Did you know your little baby girl will soon have her very own half-brother or sister?  I simply can’t wait.”
“What?” Karen said.  Her forehead wrinkled in confusion.  “You’re pregnant?  Your baby will be Brittney’s half-sister or brother?”  Karen looked at Ryhs, then turned and confronted Lauren.  “What the hell are you talking about?”
Ryhs stared in the rear-view mirror and watched Lauren become an actress worthy of an Oscar.  Incredulity made him pause in disbelief.
“I’m sorry, Karen,” Lauren said, her voice steeped with concern.  “I really didn’t want you to find out like this.  But honestly, you need to know what your handsome husband has been up to.  I, frankly, never thought he would do something like that.  I mean, to take advantage of me when I had a bit too much to drink, vulnerable over losing my husband.”
“Which one, Lauren?” Karen asked, her voice testy with anger.  Anger, Ryhs could see, that was directed at both of them.
“Oh.  Dean.  The last one, of course.  But then, I don’t think Ryhs here cared if it was my first or third.  He had to have his way with me.  And now, my life is a mess.  I don’t know what I’ll do.  I’m not the mothering kind.”  She sniffed and looked out the window, taking the opportunity of shocked silence to say, “I really hope you don’t hate me, Karen.  I did everything I could to keep him off me.  But I was so drunk…”
Ryhs stomped on the brakes and pulled over to the side of the road.
“You’re a liar,” he shouted.  “This whole thing is a sham.  You came on to me.  In the bathroom at your office.  I turned you down when you grabbed me, and now you want to ruin my family life.  Get out of the car.  Now.”
“You’re going to make the mother of your unborn child walk on the freeway?  Are you trying to add manslaughter to rape?  I can’t believe you could be this unfeeling.  Karen, please.   Have mercy on me.  Karen?”
Karen was looking out the window at the diffused light of a fast-approaching dusk. Trees and swamp willow lay beyond the wide shoulder of the four-lane road.  Her shoulders were shaking, and tears threatened to spill over onto her pain-wracked face.
“Karen,” Ryhs said gently.  “It’s not true.  I give you my word.  She’s insane.  I never told you about what she did because I didn’t want to hurt you.  You loved your job and you thought she was your friend.  I thought ignoring her would make it go away.”  He reached out to touch her.
“Shut up!  Both of you!  I don’t know who to believe.”  Now she was crying in earnest.  “I need some time to think.  I don’t want to believe her, Ryhs.  But look at her!  She’s always gotten every man she went after.”
“I’m not every man,” Ryhs said quietly.  His tone was measured, and he found himself becoming angry at Karen for doubting him.
“Just drive,” Karen said.  “Get her the hell out of our car.  Away from my child.  I might be the stupidest bitch on earth, but I can’t leave her stranded.”
“Oh, thank you, Karen,” Lauren said.  “I always knew we were-”
“Shut up, Lauren.  If I ever see you again, I will slash your pretty face.  You won’t be stealing anyone else’s husband then.”
Ryhs tried again.  “Karen-”
“I said just drive and get her the fuck out of the car.  I’ll deal with you later.”
Ryhs was both hurt and angry.  He glanced in the rear-view mirror and saw the glee on Lauren’s face. 
 “You think you’re pretty special, don’t you?” he said.  “Remember this.  If I ever see you anywhere near my wife or child, I will do more than slash your face.”
Lauren stared back at Ryhs with a confident look.  She pointed a bright fingernail at him and said, “Just drive.”



Chapter 3



It was late afternoon when Jayden woke up in her motel room.  The accumulative effects of finding out what Nick had been up to and what she had done to exact revenge had taken their toll and demanded sleep.  Except for a feeling of amazement of what she had actually done (Part of her thought she had been on autopilot.  No way could she have resorted to that!), she was feeling well-rested and calm.  Actually, she was amazed the cops hadn’t knocked on her door yet.  It would have been easy to find her car; she hadn’t exactly been hiding.  Aside from the two leading characters in the porn flick, she would be the first person they would want to question.  
You’re welcome to come and get me.  
She had already decided she would not deny what she had done.  She had no alibi and Nick had no excuse.  Case closed.
After she visited the ATM, gassed up the car, and gotten something to eat, it was late afternoon.  She was in a hurry to leave, and the family reunion could not have come at a better time.  It was a good excuse to get out of Dodge.  
It would be dark when she finally got to Uncle Paul and Aunt Bea’s place and she would be late.  But she wasn’t worried.  The cookout and gabfest would last late into the night.  She couldn’t wait to see everyone.
She turned on the radio, tried listening to various types of music, but it all seemed to jangle her nerves.  She finally had to admit that the ordeal had affected her more than she wanted to believe.  Eventually she would have to come to terms with Nick’s betrayal.  She thought she should just cry and get it over with.  But it was too soon for tears.  Anger would come before that, and she guessed it already had.  Maybe she was just a little more than pissed off.  Anger was what had fueled her planning and waiting for the perfect time to get him back.  And judging by how well she had gotten him back, she must have been near the boiling point.  She was quite sure that was one thing she and Nick could agree on.  
A couple of shots of Jack would calm her nerves just fine.  But until then, she would have to make do.  She rolled down the window and breathed in the late summer air.  It was unseasonably cool for August.  But it was better than the hot muggy stuff they were usually subjected to this time of year.
She took the exit for I-39 North, relieved to have the sinking sun out of her eyes.  In an hour or so, she would take a few roads east before finding U.S. 10.  There was no clear-cut way to get to Paul and Bea’s place, but she enjoyed the rather circuitous route.  As dusk took over the day, her eyes searched the ditches for deer or other wildlife that might be on the verge of running into the road.  She would be heartbroken if she harmed an animal.
She loved animals and all things nature.  It was just one of the many things she and Nick did not have in common.  He used to say she was his little tree hugger.  Not because he thought it was cute, but because he knew she didn’t like it.  It was demeaning.  It put all defenders of nature on the same level as those he had contempt for.  She was just one more crazy person who thought there was a connection between all things. 
Her GPS spotted the turn off before she did.  It was here, between Waupaca and Amherst, on a high hill overlooking the 4-lane highway, that Paul and Bea’s property spanned over two-hundred acres. The old farmstead and surrounding outbuildings were well-cared for.  Forty acres grew corn: tall and tasseled, soon ready for harvesting.  Another forty was a hayfield.  The rest consisted of hardwoods, fir, and a variety of other trees.  Much of the land still showed evidence of its past life as pasture: tall oaks with very little undergrowth.
Jayden could already see the bonfire at the top of the hill.  She turned onto the side road and drove up the long gravel drive.  Her heart skipped a beat as she recognized many of her family and friends standing around the fire.  She pulled off to the side and parked near several other vehicles.
Amid the boisterous greetings, Sam’s voice stood out as the loudest.  “Where the hell have you been?” he shouted, raising a bottle of beer.  “Oh, that’s right.  Jayden is always fashionably late.”
“You’re such a redneck,” she said.  She hugged her brother.
Sam Newberry was twenty-two years old.  He was two inches shy of six feet, with wavy brown hair and brown eyes.  He usually wore a baseball cap, and tonight was no exception.  “Go, Brewers!” Jayden said, giving his hat a tug, pointing the bill backwards instead of toward the front.
“Hey, don’t mess with my s-s-style,” Sam said, handing her a beer.  “Just be glad you take after me.  Good looks, but unfortunately, you got the short end of the stick in that department.”
Jayden rolled her eyes and Sam pulled her pony tail.  They looked very much alike, and if not for the fact that five years separated them, many would be apt to say they were twins.  Sam stuttered when he was nervous or excited.  And that only made the stuttering worse.  
“It’s good to see you, Sam,” Jayden said, giving him a peck on the cheek.  She raked a finger across his stubble. “When you gonna shave this?  You know you shouldn’t try to grow a beard until you grow up.”
“Mom!” Sam yelled.  “Jayden’s picking on me!”
David and Kathy Newberry rushed up to Jayden.  She greeted her parents and the others who gathered round: Paul and Bea, along with their children, Keith, Sally, and Carrie.  Carrie’s best friend, Katie Bristol, waved hello, and then her eyes turned to Sam, watching his every move.  Jayden made a mental note to ask Sam about her.  She wanted to tease him that Katie was still a minor at seventeen. 
She waved to the neighbors, Bill and Sarah.  They sat on lawn chairs and watched their twin five-year-old girls and seven-year-old boy to make sure they did not get too close to the fire.
Another set of neighbors, Henry and Emily Westover, walked over.  They lived just to the east on a farm of their own.  For as long as Jayden could remember, the Westovers and Newberrys had been friends.
“It’s good to see you again,” Emily said, patting Jayden’s arm.  “How’s Nick?”
“Where is Nick, you mean,” Henry said, pushing up his gold-rimmed glasses.  His blue eyes questioned Jayden from a work-worn face.  He was in his sixties, on the heavy side, with white hair. 
Jayden gave an affectionate pull on Henry’s faded bib overalls.  “Nick is otherwise a little preoccupied right now,” she said.  
She always thought of Henry in his bibs as a stereotype of a country farmer, but it was one that was true.  She hoped he would never change.
“Glad you’re here,” Emily said, giving her a hug.
Jayden hugged her back.  Emily Westover would never win a fashion show.  She felt guilty thinking so, but it was true.  Em was a little on the plump and frumpy side, with her long, light brown hair in a messy bun, the faded but direct blue eyes.  Nothing escaped those eyes, and right now, Jayden longed to tell Emily what had happened to Nick.  But now was not the time. 
 “I’ll talk to you later,” she said.
Emily nodded, a suspicious look on her face.  “Any time,” she said.  “Come and get something to eat.”
Emily took one arm and Jayden’s mom took the other.
“We need to fatten you up,” Emily said, winking at Kathy.
Jayden laughed, thankful to be there.
Suddenly the wind kicked up and the air was full of leaves and grit.  
“What the hell!”  Sam said.  He sprinted to the fire.  “Uncle Paul, you still got the hose hooked up?”
Paul walked a few feet away, bent down, and retrieved a green garden hose.  He tested it to make sure the pressure was good.  
“Yep,” he said.  “It’s right here. Don’t worry.  The wind won’t last.  You know how it is.  You live on a hill and you get all sorts of changing weather.”
He dragged the hose to the other side of the fire and began spraying the surrounding area to prevent a grass fire.  
Jayden froze.  Something did not feel right.  She turned toward the closest field.
Corn stalks swayed and rippled with gusts of wind, each stronger than the one before.  An eerie howling began, wending its way over the surrounding hilltops, through the woodlands, and over the fields.
Jayden glanced at her brother.  It was clear that he, too, did not have a clue.
She had never heard anything like it before.  It almost sounded like a human moaning, crying in pain.  
And then she heard the whispers.  They came from the south, closer and closer, until the rustling murmurs became that of thousands, whispering conspiratorial secrets.
Jayden’s spine tingled and something tugged at her conscious mind.  It hinted that this was just the beginning.
The Westovers’ cattle bellowed out in fear.  It was a collective cry, as though they were pitifully aware they were about to be butchered.  She heard the howl of a lone wolf, one of the few in the area that had made its way south from the northern part of the state.  And then, just on the other side of the fire, she spied the eyes of another.  It ran toward the west.
An idea occurred to Jayden.  But it was more than an idea.  It was a quiet knowing she tried to deny. 
She looked up at the night sky, and where there should have been stars, low scudding clouds now raced eastward.  
A sudden and horrific Boom!  shook the air and made her look down the hill toward the highway.  She saw a set of dim, barely visible headlights.  She squinted her eyes to see clearer, but the front of the car was facing down into a ditch. A ditch, she saw as her eyes focused clearer, that ran across all four lanes of the divided highway.  A second later, a westbound vehicle came to a sudden stop, accompanied by another loud explosion of metal meeting wall.
The sporadic traffic below the farmstead became a mass of headlights, tail lights, and brake lights.  Tires squealed, brakes smoked, horns wailed.  Amidst it all, came the screams of the injured and frightened.
Lightning arced across the sky.  Thunder boomed.  And still, the frenetic whispering continued.  With each bolt of lightning, each boom of thunder, a tiny yet insistent voice became embedded in Jayden’s brain.  She had no words for it, only a feeling that made her stare in awe.
Her eyes and ears became useless organs.  She no longer saw or heard the sounds of life and death around her.  She felt only an amalgamation of being.  A oneness of all.  But just as suddenly as those feelings penetrated her being, her pragmatic side rejected them.
“Bullshit,” she whispered.  “It isn’t possible.”
She became aware of her surroundings when someone shouted, “Look!  They’re coming our way!”
She watched a set of headlights veer off the road.  The vehicle became airborne for a moment before it slammed down, found traction, and fish-tailed up the Newberry’s drive.  In the sporadic light of the ongoing lightning storm, a plume of dust grew behind the approaching car.
The highway traffic continued to approach from both the west and east.  By now, most of the drivers could see there was something very wrong.  Some were able to stop in time.  Others were not.  
Suddenly another event descended upon them.  It caused them to cry out in pain and bewilderment.
The first drops of rain struck hard.  Not only did they pelt Jayden and her loved ones with sudden force, they sizzled with hot, acidic bites.  High-pitched screams came from the neighbors’ small children.  Bill and Sarah ran to them, trying to cover their skin with anything they could find: lawn chairs, plastic tablecloths, their bodies.
Down the hill, more vehicles slammed into other vehicles.  A semi with a double load of trailers skidded to avoid a tanker.  The tanker was hauling propane, and it had come to a stop before colliding into an SUV.  
Three passengers exited the SUV and ran toward the ditch.  The semi driver hit the brakes, but the heavy weight of his tractor and fully-loaded trailers obeyed the laws of inertia.  It slammed into the tanker with a tremendous force, and a deafening roar filled the night as the tanker exploded, raining fire in every direction.  Two people started on fire.  They ran, helpless to put out the flames that engulfed them.  They dropped to their knees, tried to roll, but it was too late.
In the sporadic display of lightning, Jayden saw a dozen people trudging up the hill.  Another car left the road, its driver’s intent, it seemed, was to follow the first vehicle that was almost up to the bonfire.  But a pickup truck swerved to reach the driveway first.  The front ends collided and slammed into each other before flying in opposite directions.
Jayden swatted at the painful raindrops as though they were biting mosquitos.  Each time she tried to look for her parents and brother, another loud explosion or confusing vision accosted her.  In the intermittent play of light and dark, bodies either ran or trudged up the hill, getting closer to the Newberrys.  She did not have time to make sense of the awful sights and sounds.
The first vehicle to leave the scene below skidded to a stop and the driver got out.  He opened the back door and withdrew an infant.  Then he ran to the front passenger side, opened the door, and shouted.  A blonde female jumped out of the back seat.
Someone grabbed Jayden by the arm.  It was Sam.  He was yelling at her to run. She turned and saw their parents shouting for them to hurry.  They looked horrified.
A blood-chilling scream ripped through the air a few feet away.  Jayden turned to discover yet another horror, and her mind wanted to deny what her eyes saw.
The newly-arrived couple and baby were being attacked by a middle-aged man in a dark-blue business suit.  The driver tried to push the woman and child aside, but the businessman lunged and bit the woman in the neck.  He ripped out a large chunk of skin and tissue with his teeth.  The woman’s severed carotid artery pumped blood into the air, and the business man greedily swallowed her flesh, all the while reaching for the baby.
Jayden covered her mouth in horror, unable to move.
The man screamed, “Karen!”  
She did not think she had ever heard more anguish uttered in a single word. 
The man tried to grab the infant and keep the crazed businessman at bay.  He was unable to hold on to the woman, and she collapsed to the ground.  He reached for the child, but the businessman pulled the baby’s leg and wrenched the child free.  
Again the man cried out.  “Brittney!”  
The man punched the killer in the head and torso, trying to dislodge the child.  The baby cried and screamed, frightened and confused.  But still the businessman, now covered in blood and gore, would not release the child.
The man hesitated, fearful of harming the child.  When he could see it was obvious the child would be bitten, too, he struck out again, and pummeled the attacker with his fists.  
Jayden pulled from Sam’s grip.  “Oh, my God, Sam!  We have to help him!”  
She searched the ground and saw a long-handled flashlight that she knew was sturdy and heavy.  She grabbed it and ran toward the fight.  Sam was right behind her.
Just as she lifted the flashlight to strike the businessman, he tore into the baby and silenced it mid-scream.  The flashlight missed the mark and struck the killer on the back of the neck.  It had no effect.  The killer began to eat.
The man, who Jayden now thought of as the husband and father, collapsed to the ground.  He attempted to stem the flow of blood from his wife’s neck.  
“Help!” he shouted.  “Please!  Help me!”
The blonde from the back seat screamed.  She ran from a teenaged girl with rings protruding from her ears, eyebrow, and nose.  The girl shuffled after the woman, arms outstretched, hands clenching the air.  
The blonde ran up to Jayden and Sam.  “Do something!  What are you just standing there for?”
Jayden looked down at the businessman still eating the baby, and though it took five times, she smashed his head in with the flashlight.  
The husband was beside himself.  He cried over his wife but it was clear she would not make it.  He tried to stem the flow of arterial blood, but it continued to find passage through his fingers.  It sprayed his face before it ebbed and flowed to a trickle.  
Jayden scanned the crowd, looking for her parents.  But once again, she was distracted by the blonde.  
“Do something!  She’s coming!”
Jayden saw the shuffling teen with the strange dead eyes.  Her jaws opened and closed, and she zeroed in on the blonde.  A morbid fascination held Jayden still for a moment.  
“Stop,” she managed to say.  “I said, Stop!”
The girl ignored her and continued to shuffle and reach out for the blonde.  Jayden heard the wet, slurpy growls.
She aimed the flashlight as though it was a baseball bat.  She stepped forward, saw the girl’s flesh that was blackening like the businessman’s, and made her decision.  She closed in on the girl, swung, and struck her full in the face.  Instead of the sound of breaking bones, though in fact, there was that, too, there was an overriding crunch of a smashed pumpkin.
The girl took another step, still hissing that weird wet sound, and Jayden struck her again.  This time she fell to the ground and did not get up.
Jayden was filled with outrage.  Her mind was unable to fully grasp the idea that this part of the world had turned into a Middle East battlefield.  At least those terrorists were human.  These things weren’t even close. They were like dead people walking around on autopilot, mindlessly looking for someone to eat.  She had a feeling they would have no interest in the cookout food that still lay on the picnic table a few yards away.
The blonde grabbed Jayden’s arm.  “There’s another!  Kill it!”
Jayden’s rage had not diffused.  She saw an elderly woman shuffling toward them, and beyond her, there were at least another dozen of the dead things.  All of them were walking with their arms and hands stretched out, jaws working as they growled in raspy voices. 
Where the hell had they all come from?  
The blonde woman shouted again.  This time, Jayden interrupted her and said, “Kill them yourself.  I’ve had enough of you.”
She turned away and saw her uncle.  At first, the scene did not register in her mind.  “Uncle Paul!  We need to get everyone into the barn!”
Beyond her uncle, she saw her Aunt Bea, her parents, and some of her cousins.  They all were in some degree of fight or flight.  And it was not until she looked closer that she understood what her eyes were seeing.  Her family was being attacked from every direction by things that were just like the two she had killed.   
Paul Newberry never heard his niece.  In fact, he never heard anything again, except, perhaps, his own scream.  He was being attacked by a middle-aged couple in square dancing clothes.
Sam ran up and pulled Jayden toward the barn.  She hadn’t even noticed that he had left her side.  “Run!” he screamed.  “Run!”
Henry and Emily Westover were over on her right.  Henry had a bloody bat in his hands.  There was a downed dead thing at his feet, and three more were closing in.
He pushed his wife toward Jayden and Sam, smashed the heads in of the three dead things, and ran to the man still hunched over his dead wife.  He had drug his baby to lie between them. 
“Get up!” Henry shouted.  “You can’t help them now.  You can only help yourself.”
The man looked up, but he did not comprehend anything.
“I said get up, man.  Get up!” Henry reached down and pulled him halfway up.  The man’s eyes finally cleared and he rose to his feet.
Henry blasted another dead thing with the bat, and chunks of matter flew everywhere.
Jayden pulled from Sam’s grip and ran to Henry.  It was clear Henry meant to save the man whether he wanted saving or not.  She grabbed the man’s free arm, and together she and Henry pulled and prodded until all three were running to the Newberry barn.
Sam and Emily ran ahead, and the blonde Jayden had helped, was right behind them.  Katie Bristol sprinted toward Sam, her face streaked with wet mascara.
“We have to get to the shelter,” Henry yelled.  “We’ll be safe there.”
Jayden knew what he was referring to.  The shelter was a decades-long project Uncle Paul had been working on.  Henry Westover had helped him, telling everyone that Paul was one of those sur-vi-valists, in his best southern drawl.
She picked up the pace.  It was true.  They would be safe in the shelter, and she hoped there would be enough room for them all.  She searched again for her parents.  She could not find them and panic welled up inside her.
“Mom!  Dad!  Where are you?”  She could no longer see them.  
She, Henry, and the man they had saved, caught up with Sam and Emily.  Emily turned and reached for Jayden.  “You have to come, Jayden. They didn’t make it.”
Jayden stumbled and would have fallen, if not for Henry’s strong arm.  “What?”
Sam turned and grabbed Jayden.  His expression told her it was true before he even said a word.  
“No!” she cried.  “No!”
“We can’t help them,” he said. There were tracks of tears on his dirty, soot-stained face.  “Come on.  We don’t have time.”
Jayden let herself be led to the back of the barn, all the while hating herself for not trying to rescue her parents before it was too late.  Instead, she had helped rescue a total stranger.           
Henry reached down and pulled open a pair of metal doors that were flush with the ground.  Emily trained her flashlight down the hole and went first, her head disappearing below ground level.  A few seconds later, a pale light shone from below.
“Everyone, get inside,” Henry shouted.  “They’re almost here.  Hurry!”
What remained of the living ran down the stairs and into the shelter.  Jayden was the second to the last to go. She paused a few moments with Henry at the top of the stairs, one of the heavy metal doors already closed.
“The rain is gone,” she said.  She looked up at the sky.  The centuries-old man in the moon leered down at them from his opaque home.
Somewhere not far away, perhaps as near as a quarter of a mile, a wolf howled at the moon. This time its voice sounded eerily sad.
Jayden and Henry stepped down, and the second heavy door clanged shut. 



Chapter 4



Cayden Parker looked out the front passenger window.  They were on the road again and he couldn’t wait to play tonight.  He had to admit, it was his second most favorite thing to do.  So all in all, he figured he was having a good day.  Not a good good day.  But good.  Better than most.  
He loved getting away from his hometown and playing guitar in a sleazy bar where no one knew him. It was like getting a second chance to be yourself again.  He hated being so small; five-five, and a hundred and thirty-five pounds on a good day.  Which was today, he reminded himself.  His blonde hair was longish and he meant to grow it longer.  Rings in his ears, eyebrows, and nose.  He even had one in his left nipple, but no one was even close to seeing that one.  Tattoos appeared here and there.  More of those to come, too.  He liked those things because then people looked at his bling and tats.  Not him.  It was a good way to hide if you couldn’t be anywhere else. 
 He glanced over at Mr. A, his music teacher.  It was because of him that this was happening.  Once, in a weak moment, he had fantasized what it would be like to have Mr. Logan Andrews for his dad.  But one look at the big guy’s six-foot height, black hair, and dark blue eyes, would be enough for most people to figure out that Cayden hadn’t come from that gene pool.  Well, maybe the eyes, but Cayden’s were just the regular blue, not the piercing dark blue that made you think twice about lying your ass off to him.  Not that he hadn’t lied to Mr. A.  It was just something he did, and usually, quite well.
Logan Andrews passed the car ahead of them before once again setting the cruise control. Without moving his eyes off the road, he said, “Our first big gigs.  Appleton and Madison, no less.  You’re going to be great.  I’m really proud of you.”
He’s proud of me? Cayden thought.  If it wasn’t for Mr. A, none of this would have been possible.  He never would have learned those riffs, progressions, nothing.  At least not to the degree he could play them now. 
“You have a real chance to get somewhere with this,” Logan said.  “If that’s what you want, that is.”
“Not exactly what my parents want for me,” Cayden said.
“What do they want?” Logan asked, thinking he already knew the answer.
“Oh, you know.  ‘Why can’t you start preparing yourself to be a doctor or lawyer, or something along those lines?’  I told them to let me borrow their credit card, and then I’d show them what kind of lines I was interested in.”
Logan ignored the drug inference.  Cayden was seventeen and many his age were into it.  Hell, Logan had been into it when he was young.  But he wasn’t young anymore.  He was forty-seven and way past stupid. Aside from voicing the rules of the road, no drugs or alcohol, Logan had decided he wasn’t going to pretend to be anyone’s moral judge.  But he would keep an eye out for his favorite student.  No one was going to come anywhere close to messing with this kid.
Cayden did not have to have Logan Andrews voice those thoughts.  Like other kids in the middle of an identity crisis, he was hyper vigilant about reading others.  And he could usually read Mr. A quite well.  
“But hey, Mr. A,” Cayden said with his usual bravado, “we’re going to bring the house down.  It’s gonna be great.”
Logan smiled and held out his fist for a knuckle bump.  He pretended it hurt when Cayden clipped him.
Cayden hid his smile by looking out at the dark night.  He couldn’t wait to hear the bass pound through the room, amped up beyond anyone’s comfortable hearing range.  And his guitar… God, how he loved playing lead!  At one time, he thought he’d never be as good as Mr. A.  But now, even though he would never say it, he knew he was far better and getting better every day.  He loved the classic rock songs and the way a good beat could get inside you and make you feel alive.  Not like that over-processed crap most kids listened to.  It was his desire to one day be the best guitarist alive.  Even better than Clapton.  
He was just starting to think about what his favorite thing to do was, when Mr. A said, “What the hell-”
Cayden’s warm, euphoric thoughts of acquiring a dub of percs tonight vanished when he saw chaos on the road ahead.  Not only that, the sky was suddenly lit up by bolts of lightning with accompanying crashes and booms of thunder.  Rain began to fall in huge drops, and he wondered where it had come from.  Not long ago, he had been looking at the stars.
Logan braked far longer than he had to, but he wanted the traffic coming up behind them to be alert for what appeared to be a super accident involving multiple vehicles.  What was weirder yet was the absence of any red or blue lights.  No cops or EMS vehicles in sight.  He grabbed his cell and dialed 911.  No one answered.  It just kept on ringing and ringing.
“I’m sure the cops already know and are on their way,” Logan said.  “They must be flooded with calls right now.”
“Shit,” Cayden said.  “We’re gonna be late.”
“Don’t worry about that,” Logan said.  “We’ll get there in time.  I’m afraid with how bad this looks that there may be fatalities.”
Soon they came up behind the last vehicles to stop.  A line of red tail lights lit up the night for several yards.  Suddenly a loud explosion ripped through the night. 
“Jesus Christ!” Cayden shouted.  “What was that?”
They watched in shock as fire rained down from the blast.  Smaller explosions soon followed.  They saw headlights veer off the road and race to the south.  A fire was near the top of the hill.  Cayden wondered why anyone would want to rush to a fire.  
Logan opened his window and stuck out his head for a better view.  “Ouch!” he said, quickly shutting the window.  “The rain feels like acid!”  He felt his face and the pain transferred to his hand. 
“Uh, Mr. A…” Cayden said.  “Something don’t look right with those people.  Have a look see.”
Logan’s eyes narrowed in confusion before widening in surprise.  
There were people walking toward them in a strange, shuffling gait.  When others exited their vehicles in an attempt to assist, they were suddenly and viciously attacked.  They were bit in their necks and faces, and because of pain and shock, easily overcome.  They screamed and fell to the ground.  It did not take long for Logan and Cayden to understand that they, too, would soon be under attack. 
Logan made sure the doors were auto locked and put the van in reverse.  He struck a car behind them and soon realized he would not be able to drive in reverse.  Traffic was stalled behind them for at least a quarter mile and growing longer.  He had no choice of where to drive, only how.
“Mr. A!  Get us the fuck out of here!” Cayden screamed.
“Hang on!” Logan shouted.  
He put the van in drive and made a sharp right turn onto the shoulder and gunned it.  Up ahead, all he could see were the strange creatures he no longer thought of as human.  They were everywhere, and as his mind insisted on taking a vacation from this version of reality, he was pulled back when he felt the tires beneath them bounce and jolt over those strange dead things.  He could hear the slick, squishy sound of the van’s wheels trying to find traction on a road that had temporarily transformed into a biological being.
“There!  Follow those cars!” Cayden said.  He pointed to a pair that was almost up to the hilltop fire.  A campfire, he could now see.   
Logan hit the gas and they were airborne.  The van came down with a sudden jolt that made their teeth chatter, and suddenly they were on a gravel road, fish-tailing up the hill.  Rocks struck the undercarriage, and dust from the previous vehicles still floated in the air, making it difficult see.
By now the acidic rain had stopped, but there was still enough moisture on the windshield to turn the air-born dust into mud.  Logan quickly cleaned it off with the wipers, and by the time they reached the campfire, they saw that this area, too, was the site of a massacre.  Dozens of the dead things were hovering in various positions over their victims, pulling out intestines that looked like sausages in natural casings.  
Cayden made an urping sound and threw up on his feet.  The stench of vomit was sudden and overpowering.  
Logan watched in horror as bodies lying on the ground stood up, turned their heads toward the van, and began the awkward shuffling gait he had seen on the highway.  They entered the area lit up by the van’s headlights, and it was obvious they had suffered life-threatening injuries.  Yet here they were, looking suspiciously like… zombies!  Logan’s brain was awash with yellow warning lights.  It advised him he was dangerously close to losing it.  Everyone knew there were no such things as zombies.  The term, itself, induced ridicule.
Logan forced himself to calm down and think.  He had no idea of where to go, so he began by circling the carnage, looking for a way out.
Cayden wiped his mouth on his sleeve.  “Over there, Mr. A!  I think I just saw someone run behind the barn.  It looked like a normal person.”  He studied the spot.  “Not positive, but I think so.”
Logan scanned the area.  He could see nothing but a huge red barn.  
Something struck the side of the van.  They were surrounded again.  Animated bodies flung their hands and faces at the windows, all the while making wet, slurpy growls.  They were being pummeled from every direction.  
“Run ‘em over, Mr. A!” Cayden screamed.  “Run ‘em over, or we’re dead!”
Cayden’s voice had reached a hysterical pitch, urging Logan to react, if for nothing else, but to make Cayden stop.  He gunned the engine, eased up for a moment, and then gunned it again.  The shuffling dead things disappeared below the top of the hood, and the van bounced over bodies that scattered like cord wood.  
When the van was clear of the densest part of the crowd, Logan eased around the campfire and cruised toward the barn.  Suddenly a crack in the ground appeared out of nowhere and the van pitched forward, ass-end up.  
They both studied the area behind them, intent on finding how close the nearest dead thing was.  Five yards and closing.  They had nowhere to go but up.  
“Run for it!” Logan yelled.  “Run to the barn.  If someone ran there to hide, we might just have a chance.  Hurry!”
They exited the van and climbed onto the hood.  It pitched down at a sharp angle but was sufficiently wedged against a wall of earth.  They reached up and pulled themselves to level ground, Logan needing help from a much more fit Cayden.  Then they ran as fast as they could, outrunning several stragglers walking in the same direction.  From those few, they surmised the dead things were following people, and they felt reasonably sure they were on the right track.  
Clang!  A loud metallic sound reverberated in the air.  
“No!” Cayden yelled, sprinting ahead.  
Logan tried to run faster, but he could not keep up with the seventeen-year-old boy.  He had thirty years on the kid and it showed.
Soon Logan heard Cayden pounding on something metallic.  He continued to run and passed a dead thing that lunged for him.  He threw out his fist and pushed it back.  It hissed and uttered a raspy growl but kept coming.  
“Open up!” Cayden screamed.  “Open up!  We know you’re in there!”
Logan caught up to Cayden, almost knocked him down, and stubbed his foot on an upraised form.  He caught his balance just in time to see the horizontal basement doors.  They were the old-fashioned kind used to reach cellars from outside, rather than inside, a house.  Only instead of wooden doors, these were metal.  
Cayden continued to scream and pound on the doors.
Logan looked around.  They were behind a large red barn with white trim. The storm that had brought the acid rain was no longer in sight, and a nearly full moon shone down, making it easier to see.  It also made it easier to see just how close the dead things were.
“Please!” Logan begged.  “We aren’t one of them.  We weren’t bitten.  Please don’t let us die.”
One of the doors began to rise, and someone from below ordered them to stand back.  A flashlight flicked over them and then beyond, to the approaching dead things.  The door rose higher and a man’s voice told them to get inside but watch their footing on the stairs.  
Cayden and Logan hurried down the stairs and into a room filled with people and shelves stocked with supplies. The metal door slammed shut behind them.  A moment later, the man whose voice they had heard, spoke again.
“You said you weren’t bitten.  Let me see.  Easy now.”
Cayden and Logan turned to see an older man in bib overalls pointing a shotgun at them.  “You first,” he told Logan.
Logan stared at the older man, trying to read what he had in mind.  Wary blue eyes behind gold-rimmed glasses studied him.  He didn’t look crazy, but he did seem like he would have no problem using his weapon if Logan was the type to do something stupid.  
“What do you want me to do?” Logan asked.  He thought he might know but wasn’t about to strip if that were not the case.
“Let me see your skin.”  The older guy spoke slow and stern.  “No, you don’t have to strip, but I want to see as much as I can.”
Logan stretched his T-shirt away from his neck, turned in a slow circle, and then raised his shirt to show that nothing was on his torso.  He pulled up his jeans to mid-calf, raised his hands palms up, and shrugged his shoulders.  “No bites.  No blood.  I promise.”
The older man looked unimpressed.  “You next,” he told Cayden, pointing his gun.  
“Whoa, Mister,” Cayden said.  “Do you really think I was bitten if I was with him?” He nodded toward Logan.
“Just do whatever he says, Cayden,” Logan said, a note of warning in his voice.
“And what’s with the bitten thing?  I didn’t get bit, but so what if I did?  It doesn’t prove I’d turn into one of those things.”
Logan started to warn Cayden again but the old guy stared him down.  
“In case you haven’t noticed,” he said, glaring at Cayden, “there’s something wrong with folks up there.  You obviously saw them eating people.  But did you see the bitten people rise up and walk the way their attackers did?  Did they, in turn, come after you?”
Cayden thought about it.  As a matter of fact, he had seen that.  Right after he threw up all over his feet in the van.  At first, he had gotten sick when he saw people eating people.  But now he remembered what his mind was trying hard to forget: the same people who had their necks and guts gnawed on, were getting up and doing the same to others.  Fucking cannibals.
The old man read Cayden’s face.  “Apparently you did.  Is that why you have puke on your shoes?”
Cayden looked down, his face a mixture of embarrassment and barely concealed revulsion.  “Yeah, I saw ‘em.  And no, I did not get bitten, either.  Look.”  He did the same thing Logan did.  He turned in a slow circle and pulled on his clothes to reveal unblemished skin.  
“All right,” the old man said.  “You’re in.  But you do things my way.  Our way.”
Logan and Cayden looked at each other and nodded.  Both were relieved to be safe, away from the hell that was being unleashed above them.  
“My name is Henry Westover,” the old man said.  He brushed a hand through his white hair.  “And this here is my wife, Emily.”  He put an arm around a woman who had walked up to stand beside him.  Her face was plain but kind.  Blue eyes surveyed the newcomers with frank curiosity.  Her gaze lingered on Cayden, a slight smile on her face.
“And I’m Jayden Newberry.”  
  Logan turned around and appraised the good-looking woman.  She was in her twenties, about five-five, and slim.  Her long brown hair was in a pony-tail.  At least, he figured, it had started out that way, but right now it hung in a stringy mess.   She studied them both with brown eyes. She had chunks of matter in her hair, and dried blood was spattered on her face. 
Cayden tried to show no emotion.  He thought she was pretty hot for an older chick.  Especially if she cleaned herself up.  
“And this is my brother, Sam,” Jayden said, introducing a younger guy.  The family resemblance was unmistakable.
Sam took a step forward and offered his hand, first to Logan and then to Cayden.  He, too, looked as though he had been in a fight.  Blood and gore spattered his blue flannel shirt.  A large piece of semi-dried flesh was stuck to the front of his baseball cap, changing the team name to Brews.  He looked fit and strong.  
Cayden and Logan shook hands with Sam.  Then Cayden said, “Dude.  You got a piece of meat on your hat.”
Sam frowned, took off his cap, and looked at it.  Then he looked around for a place to get rid of it and ended up tapping it against the wall.  
“It used to be s-s-s-someone,” he said.
“Your s-s-s-sister’s got some in her hair, too,” Cayden said.  “S-s-s-sorry, I make stupid jokes when I’m freaked out.”
Jayden stepped up and glared at Cayden.  “You can keep your stupid jokes to yourself.  We’ve got more to worry about than how we look.”  She turned and nodded to a girl standing behind Sam.
“I’m Katie,” the girl said.  “Katie Bristol. My best friend is-was… Carrieeee.” 
She put a hand to her mouth and tried to stifle her cries.  Her hair, too, was a mess of long blonde strands hanging over her face.  A gold cross hung around her neck, and her other hand slid the cross back and forth across the chain.  
Emily Westover walked over to Katie’s side and put a comforting arm around her.  She looked at the newcomers and said, “Most of us are either related or have known each other for a long time.  Henry and I live next door.  Jayden and Sam’s aunt and uncle own this place.  Or did.  Katie’s friend, Carrie, was a cousin of Jayden and Sam.”
“Don’t forget Keith and Sally,” Katie said.  “Carrie’s brother and sister.  They’re gone, too.”  She turned around and buried her face in Emily’s shoulder.  
“Bill and Sarah,” Henry added, “and their three little kids.”
A long moment of silence ensued.
“I should have helped Mom and Dad,” Jayden said.
Sam shook his head.  “There was no way we could have gotten through all those dead things and helped Mom and Dad.  Or any of them.  We would have died, too.”
“Well, maybe we should have tried a little harder,” she said, an edge to her voice.  “Instead, I helped you.”  She turned toward a man leaning against the wall.  
Logan studied him.  He looked like Logan felt: like an outsider.  The guy was around thirty, just short of six feet tall, and around a hundred and eighty-five pounds.  He wore his dark brown hair short, and his blue-gray eyes looked haunted.  
“I’m sorry about your family,” Jayden said.  “But I wish to God I would have saved mine instead.”  
She glared at the stranger.  He returned her stare with a dazed look.
“Ease up, Jayden,” Sam said.  
“His name’s Ryhs Finley,” a woman said.  
All eyes turned to the stunning woman standing off by herself in a corner.  She was about thirty-five, tall, and very thin.  She spoke with her hands, which had flashy red nail art. 
 “His wife’s name was Karen, and Brittney was his baby girl.  Can someone tell me when we’ll get out of this God-forsaken hole in the ground?”
Before anyone could respond, the lights flickered and died.
“Damn,” Henry Westover said.  “I was afraid of that.”



Chapter 5



When the power went out in the underground shelter, everyone started talking at once.  The room was the size of a small bedroom, and with shelving on all of the walls, it seemed even smaller.  Nine people filled the space and some cried out in alarm.
“Everyone just stand still and hold on a minute,” Henry shouted.  
A moment later, his flashlight lit the darkness.  A second after that, Jayden turned hers on.  A maroon-colored spot covered half the lens.
“We’ll be all right,” Henry said.  “We just have to-”
“What the hell is on your flashlight?”  The tall woman who had introduced Ryhs Finley was now standing near Jayden.  “Is that what I think it is?”  
Jayden shined her light on the woman’s face, which was poking through long blonde locks of hair.  She squinted, made a face, and said, “Would you get that out of my eyes?”
“It’s blood,” Jayden said.  “What did you think it was?  Some of us made it here because I used it to kill two of those things.”
“Well, it’s freakishly disgusting!”
Jayden was growing tired of the arrogant woman.  “What’s your name?” 
“Lauren Bowers.  If I’d known this was going to happen when I bummed a ride with you, Ryhs, I would have politely declined.”
Ryhs Finley spoke up from the darkness.  “You weren’t asked, and you don’t do anything politely.  You connived your way through Karen, and now she’s gone.”  
Jayden thought there was a note of warning in Ryhs’s voice, and Lauren Bowers must have thought the same, because she did not reply.
“If you people want to save your comments till later,” Henry said, “I’d appreciate that.  Right now, just give me a minute, and I’ll have the lanterns lit.”
Henry trained his flashlight on a shelf.  He rummaged around until he located two lamps, pumped them up, lit a match to the wicks, and the bright lights lit up the room.  
Emily stood beside her husband, her hand on his arm.  “Now that’s much better,” she said, a weak smile on her face.
Everyone took a few moments for their eyes to adjust.  Jayden turned off her flashlight and stepped away from Lauren Bowers.  The woman gave off an ugly air, and Jayden’s dislike of her was growing. 
She looked at Ryhs Finley and wondered what his story really was.  It was obvious that he was very bitter and heartbroken over the deaths of his wife and daughter.  There seemed to be more to the story, though, and in time she planned to find out what that was.  If the group would even be together for long.  It all depended on what was going on outside the shelter.  Besides, her own heartbreak over losing her parents, sister, and the others, was threatening to unhinge her.  Her heart felt like someone was squeezing it, allowing it to pump just enough to keep her alive.  Her breaths were fast, shallow, and ragged.   
Now Ryhs was looking at her.  Almost as if… as if he felt they had some sort of connection.  Not liking the blonde woman (what was it with blondes?  First the blonde bimbo her ex was banging, and now this arrogant bitch) was one thing they had in common, losing others was another.  But then it seemed they had all lost someone.  Except for Lauren.  She didn’t know about her yet.  And why, why, did it seem like her mind was on speed?  
Jayden shook her head and willed her thoughts to slow down.  Sam came over and put an arm around her.  “Are you okay?”  His eyes welled up, threatened to spill over.
“No.”  
They hugged each other, and Jayden thought she would never be happy again.  She kept seeing her parents’ faces when they had first greeted her tonight.  It kept popping up in her mind.  And then the vision of them surrounded by those dead things.  She thought about how she had helped Henry get Ryhs Finley to safety.  How she had killed those things up there.  How their faces were a mottled, grayish white, yet with purple and black spots around their eyes. The eyes that somehow did not look like any eyes she had ever seen before.  Yellow, green, and black.  And red in some of the parts that should have been white.  And the snarling sounds they made.  The way they just seemed to move on auto pilot.  Dragging their feet, arms outstretched to grab a piece of fresh meat.  Evidence of many of them previously bitten.  Neck wounds too serious to allow them to be up and around.  Blood and gore everywhere. Some moving faster than others.  Many that seemed to move as one.  As though they were a flock of migrating birds.  Yet their only objective seemed to be that of feeding.  Feeding on the living. Fresh food.  And there was something else she now remembered.  The cattle bawling.  Dogs howling.  The things must be feeding on them, too.  
“Jayden!” Sam shook her.  “Look at me!  Take s-s-s-slower breaths.  Come on!  Look at me!”
Jayden closed her eyes and it was only then that the tears fell.  It was as though they had been dammed, unable to flow.  In a few moments she felt a release, and if it were possible to feel better, she did.
She hugged Sam, grateful for his presence.  “Are you okay?”
“I will be,” he said, wiping his eyes with his sleeve.  
Jayden looked around.  It seemed they were all in varying degrees of shock.  Henry surveyed the group, concern and dismay on his face.  Emily left his side and went to comfort Katie Bristol, who was still weeping.  The two new guys were hunched over, the older guy’s arm about the young man’s shoulders.  Ryhs Finley was still squatting near the wall.  Only Lauren Bowers seemed okay.  Not unscathed, but all right.  She looked shook, but there was no sympathy or empathy coming from those eyes.  She looked put out, and the longer Jayden watched, the angrier she felt.  As soon as they got out of here, she was going to find a way to remove Lauren Bowers from her sight. It was either that, or she might permanently disfigure the bitch.
“Jayden,” Henry said, interrupting her thoughts.  
Jayden took one last look at Lauren, and a fleeting thought made her question her thinking.  Was she transferring her dislike of Nick’s girlfriend on to this blonde?  No.  This blonde was truly a self-centered person.  
“Jayden?” Henry asked again.  
Jayden shook her head to clear it.  “Yeah, Henry.  What?”
Henry made sure Jayden’s eyes connected with his.  “Can you and Sam come here a minute?”
Jayden took Sam’s hand and they walked over to Henry.
“Look,” he said, lowering his voice so the rest could not hear.  “It’s like this.  I don’t know how safe this shelter is anymore.  The generator was supplied by a buried gas line.  Something cut the service.  Gas could be building up somewhere, and this shelter might not be immune to an explosion.  Me and Paul had fun making it, but we didn’t really expect to use it.  In reality, it’s more like a storm shelter.  Plus, Paul took the toilet out for the reunion so no one would have to run all the way to the house.  I don’t think we want the nine of us sharing a pail for any length of time.”
“You mean,” Jayden said, “we have to go back out there?”  She looked behind them to make sure no one had overheard them.  “Out there, where those things are?”  She took a step back and shook her head.  “Henry, I don’t know if we’ll live through that.  At least, not all of us.”
“We have plenty of food and water,” Sam said.
“For a while, yes,” Henry said.  “But you’re forgetting about the gas.  If that line blows anywhere near, the walls could implode and we’d all burn alive.   If we didn’t die then, the shelter could be so badly damaged that we’d be buried alive.  I say we take what supplies we can, arms ourselves the best we can, and get out of here.”
“And go where?” Sam said.  “We can’t leave by the highway.  It’s too congested and full of those things.”
“Plus,” Jayden said, “I think there was some kind of earthquake.  That’s what the cars fell into.  But what about the service road off the drive?  Maybe we can take that and get out of the area.  Besides, by now I’m betting there are cops and ambulances up there.”
Sam snorted.  “You think they’ll fair any better than us out there?”
“Good point.  But sooner or later, we’ll run into normal people.  A place where we can send help back here.  There must be others that are still alive down by the road.”
“Don’t count on it,” Henry said.  “I’m just hoping the traffic can turn around and go back the way it came.  I think that’s our only hope to get help.”
Emily appeared by Henry’s side.  “Well?  Did you decide what to do?”
“I s-s-say we go for it,” Sam said.
Jayden tried to consider their options.  Her head still wasn’t functioning as clearly as it should.  She knew she was still under the influence of shock.  But what Henry said about the gas made sense.  As much as she did not want to leave the shelter, they couldn’t stay there forever.  
“All right,” she said.  “We leave here.  Then what?  Where do we go?  How do we go?”
“I’ve got two SUVs at my place,” Henry said.  “I’ve got the keys right here.”  He patted his pocket.  
“What about Dad’s?” Sam said.  “They have a pickup.”  
Jayden stared at her brother.  Are you for real?
“Dad would never leave the keys in the ignition,” she said.   “We can’t take the time to go looking for his body.   And I don’t think-”
“Look,” Henry interrupted, “we’ll run between the hayfield and the cornfield.  I’m thinking those things are sticking around where they see people.  Part of the way we’ll be running downhill.  When they start after us, we’ll have had a head start, and I think we can run fast enough.  Even me and Em.”
“Are you sure, Henry?” Em said.  “It’s at least a quarter of a mile to our fence.  Then another quarter mile to the barn.”
“We’ll make it,” Henry said.  “I don’t see any other way.  We have to try.”
“Count me in,” someone said.  
They all turned to find Ryhs Finley standing behind Sam.  
“I heard enough of what you said, and Henry’s right.  But we’d better hurry.  I know enough about gas leaks.  This place could be a powder keg waiting to blow up.”
By now, the others had noticed the ongoing conversation and walked closer.
Henry nodded to Ryhs and then told the others what they had been discussing.  Katie Bristol covered her mouth in alarm.  
Logan Andrews stepped up and said he agreed.  “I’d rather take my chances up there, try and run to your SUVs, Henry, and get the hell out of here.”
Jayden noticed that the younger male did not seem as sure.  “You’re Cayden, right?” she said.  “Cayden Parker?”
The young man nodded, his gold rings shining in the lamplight.  His hands were stuffed in the front pockets of his jeans.  “I can run just fine,” he said.  “It’s the old ones I’m worried about.”  He nodded to his teacher.  “You might be fit for your age and all, Mr. A.  But a half mile?  Come on.”
“I’m older than him,” Henry said, “but me and the missus, we can make it.”
Cayden shook his head.  “What are you? Eighty something?  Sorry, but I don’t think so.”
Emily Westover bristled.  “Henry and I are far from eighty, young man.  And from the looks of you, maybe it’s you who won’t do so hot.  Looks like you never did a hard day’s work in your life.”
Logan Andrews threw his hand into the air.  “Whoa!  Everyone just chill.  The kid didn’t mean anything by it.  He’s truly concerned.  Let’s get back to discussing what needs to be done.  By last account, you said we have to hurry, right?”
Cayden Parker gave his teacher the thumbs-up sign.
“That’s right,” Henry said.  “We have to hurry.  Everyone has to carry as much as he or she can and still be able to run.  There’s at least four or five backpacks over here and we’ve got a couple duffle bags.  We might not need them, but I’m not taking any chances.  There should have been help out there by now.”
“I’ve got a sore knee,” Lauren Bowers said.  “You can’t expect me to carry too much.”
“Right,” Ryhs interjected smoothly, “we can’t expect much of anything from you.  Either pull your own weight or stay here.  I really don’t care.”
Lauren flipped her hair and sauntered up to him.  She put a hand on his chest and said, “You know you want me, Ryhs.  Admit it.”
“Your knee doesn’t look sore to me,” Jayden said.  
Ryhs shoved Lauren away.  It caused her to bump into a shelf of canned goods.  She started to say something but was interrupted.  
“Don’t give me another excuse,” Ryhs said.  “I won’t forget what you did, and as far as I’m concerned, that bad knee there might just cause you to become dessert for those things up there.”
“Ryhs-” she began.
“What the hell!” Jayden said.  “Do you not have a clue?  Shut up, or I’ll leave you down here myself.”
Lauren opened her mouth.
“Say one more word,” Jayden said, taking a step forward, “and I swear to God, I will knock you out and we’ll leave without you.”
Henry and Em were taking backpacks off the shelf.  They gave them to Jayden, Sam, Katie, and Cayden. Emily took the fifth.  Henry threw duffel bags to Ryhs and Logan.  He kept one for himself.  He ignored Lauren.
“Hold on a minute,” Katie said.  “Why do we have to carry all this stuff?  We’ll just go somewhere and get help, right?”
Henry looked at her but did not answer.  
Emily said, “It’s only in case, Katie.  With all that traffic and the terrible things that have happened, we just think it would be wise to carry some things.”
Emily turned around, and from the shelves, she and Henry began to fill the packs and bags.  There were first aid kits and blankets.  Each of the men carried some bottled water.  They all carried food:  canned, dry packaged, or dehydrated.  Everyone got a flashlight and packages of extra batteries.  Finally, Henry said they needed to arm themselves.  
He unlocked a heavy-duty cabinet and withdrew two Mossberg shotguns and a 30-06 rifle. After asking who had ever used a firearm, truthfully, he stressed, he handed them over.  He and Ryhs took the shotguns.  Emily took the rifle.  There were just two more firearms:  Beretta 9mm semiautomatics that held fifteen rounds in the magazine and one in the pipe.  He distributed them to Jayden and Sam.   Each firearm carrier took several boxes of ammo.
“What do we get?” Logan Andrews asked, irritated.  
“I know you said you could shoot,” Henry said, “but you didn’t seem so sure.”
Logan nodded toward the open cabinet.  “I’m pretty good with the crossbow.  I’ll take that.”
Henry studied the man.  He came to the conclusion Logan was confident in his ability, so he handed the weapon over, plus a dozen bolts.  
“What do I get?” Cayden Parker said.
“I always thought you were pretty wicked with your mouth,” Logan said.  “I’m sure you can talk anything down.”
“Funny, Mr. A.  But I’m not going out there without a weapon.”
“Not so fast, young man,” Henry said.  “You ever play baseball?”  He withdrew a wooden baseball bat.  
“Sure, Henry, all the time.  And when I wasn’t doing that, I was practicing knocking heads open.  Thanks a bunch.”
“Cayden,” Emily said with a soft voice.  “Until you are taught, maybe a bat isn’t such a bad idea.  I got a feeling you have enough strength in you to do some damage.”  
She smiled at him and Cayden’s face turned red.  Logan knew it wasn’t because of what she said but how she had said it.  She had almost sounded motherly.  Something he felt the seventeen-year-old could appreciate but not outwardly show. 
Henry handed out Buck knives encased in sheathes.  He attached one to his belt, gave one each to Ryhs and Logan, and also to Sam and Jayden.   
“Everyone get ready,” he said.  “I’ll slowly open the door and have a look see.  Nobody make a sound.”  
He extinguished the lamps and told everyone to turn off their flashlights.  He said he would turn his on when it was safe to leave but only so they could make their way up the steps.
“What about me?” Lauren said.  “Don’t I get something?”
“Oh, sorry,” Cayden said.  “Mr. A made a mistake.  I’m not the one with a wicked mouth.  It’s you.  You might think about paying attention and just keeping up with the rest of us.”
Henry grunted in amusement and began climbing the stairs.  
“Here we go.  Lights out.” 



Chapter 6



Jayden thought of it when Henry was halfway up the stairs.  She silently chastised herself for not thinking of it sooner, but something told her that her mind and emotions were still subpar.  She reached out to where she had seen it and cautiously felt for the odd shape she knew was there. 
“Got it,” she whispered, and scrambled up the stairs.  “Psssst!  Henry, hold on!”
Jayden heard the slight metallic sound of the lock being released back into place.  Henry turned his flashlight in her direction. 
 “What?” he said.   His voice sounded irritated, but Jayden knew it stemmed mostly from fear.
She held out the object to him.  “Night vision monocular, right?  Thought it would come in handy.”
Henry released a pent-up breath.  “Thanks.”  
He took the item and told her to use his flashlight so he could fit the monocular and head gear with both hands.  He showed her how he could flip the monocular up when he did not want to use it, or down, when he did.  “Only thing,” he whispered, “when you want to use it hands free, it attaches to the head strap in a way that you can only view it through your right eye.  Lucky I’m left-eye dominate when I shoot.”  
Henry lowered the monocular, took his flashlight back, and asked Jayden to help him listen for anyone or anything that could be close by.  In the room downstairs, they heard someone talking.  “Shhhhhh!” Jayden hissed.  The room became silent once more.
Jayden and Henry listened for a few minutes but they could not hear anything beyond the metal doors.  
“I’m going to open the door just an inch,” Henry said.  “If anything’s right outside, hopefully we’ll hear it.”
Jayden patted Henry on the shoulder, then readied her Beretta 9mm.
Henry unlocked the door.  It made a metallic Snap! and they both shuddered.  Slowly, he lifted the door on the left until an inch of airspace was visible.  By now, their eyes had adjusted to the total darkness of the shelter, and the crack of the moonlit night was visible.  
Jayden could still hear a commotion coming from the highway.  Honking, screeching tires, an occasional scream.  Another explosion ripped through the night, though this one seemed to be farther away and not as large as the first they had heard.
She nudged Henry to open the door wider.  She knew nothing could be behind them for the barn wall was there.  But what could be to their left, right, and ahead is what worried her. 
The door was hinged on their left, so she motioned Henry to look right, over the second door that was still laying flat.  Henry peered through the widened crack, saw there was nothing there, and opened the door a little farther.  
Jayden leaned in closer beside Henry and looked out.  She could not see anything suspicious.  Henry took his time looking through the monocular and then raised the door again. This time the door was raised so that it stood at a ninety-degree angle, and Henry’s chest was now above ground.  
Jayden whispered in Henry’s ear.  “Let me jump out and take a look.  Leave me as much room as you can in case I have to get back in.”
Henry complied and Jayden was out the door, sweeping the area with her gun.  Now that she was above ground, she could look to the southeast where the bonfire had been.  She carefully searched the area closest to them, averting her eyes from the fire so she wouldn’t be blinded to the surrounding darkness.  When she could see nothing close, she helped Henry open the door all the way until it rested on the ground.  She helped Henry up to stand beside her.
They both watched as several of the dead things walked in their awkward gait in the area surrounding the fire.  Many more were still in the process of devouring people.  Not just people, my-  She stopped herself from thinking and forced herself to look away.
A wet, sloppy sound, followed by what was most assuredly that of bones breaking, came to them from the padlock to the south.  
“My cows,” Henry whispered.  “They’re eating my fucking cows.”
A cow bellowed from somewhere off in the southwest pasture.  
“My God!” Henry exclaimed, though his voice was still barely audible.  
Jayden put a hand on Henry’s arm, sickened.  She wanted to put the poor animal out of its misery.  In a few seconds, it was done for her.
“Come on,” she said.  “We have to find a way to get out of here.  I think I smell gas.”
Henry sniffed the air and nodded.  He pointed to the east where his land began.  A hayfield ran toward the highway and, to the south, a cornfield of tall stalks swayed in the wind.  It was between those two fields they would run.  If they could.  
Henry studied the area again, hesitant to bring out the rest of the group unless he could guarantee their safety.  And he could only guess what was beyond his field of vision.  
Jayden whispered, “You know we’re going to have to kill some of those things. There’s no way we’re going to get to the field undetected.  We’ll just have to be as quiet and quick as we can.  But we have to do it now.  The gas smell’s getting stronger.”
Henry told her to get the others.  
Jayden took another quick look around and listened for the telltale signs of the dead things.  She was not confident that the group would be able to pick up on all the signs of danger.   If not for the gas leak, she thought they would have had it made in the shelter.  After they got the toilet back, that was.  
Another cow bawled out in agony.  This time it was much closer.  Just on the other side of the barn.  
“Jayden!” Henry whispered.  “You going or not?”
Jayden started in surprise.  The fact that Henry’s cows were being eaten was freaking her out.  She thought it must be killing Henry; his heard was nearing 50 head, and some of them had been put in Uncle Paul’s pastures since Paul and Bea no longer raised them.  It was a well-known fact that Henry could no longer eat his cows or sell them to be butchered.  They were now his pets, a detail that Emily could not resist teasing him about.  The few that were on this property were the younger ones that Henry did not want to have impregnated.  
She realized her mind was wandering and wondered if she was still in shock.  She figured she must be, but if she didn’t hurry, they’d all be dead.  She carefully descended into the shelter and then turned her flashlight on and pointed it low.
“It’s about time!” Lauren hissed.  
“Be quiet,” Jayden said.  She lowered her voice to barely above a whisper.  “There are nine of us.  We have to make sure no one gets left behind.”  She looked to the area she had heard Lauren’s voice, thought losing her would be a pleasant thing, and then paused to make sure she kept her comments to herself.
“We go single file,” she said.  “We’ll follow Henry and Em to their place.  We go between the hayfield and the cornfield.  Sam, you and I will bring up the rear to make sure no one is lost.”
“How many of those things are out there?” Ryhs said.  He was standing just to her left.
“Too many,” she said.  “They’re still… eating.  A lot of them are just moving around in circles.  There’s some on the other side of the barn.  They’re killing the cows.  And there’s still a lot of noise coming from the highway.”
A sound of retching could be heard from the back.  Jayden assumed it was Katie Bristol again.  
“We don’t have time to think about anything but escape,” she said.  “Try to push everything else from your minds.  Ryhs, why don’t you go behind Henry and Em?” 
Ryhs and Emily walked up the steps and waited at the top for the rest.
Jayden figured there had better be room between Ryhs and Lauren.  She had to think before she could remember the names of the next two.  “Logan and Cayden, you next.  Go up the stairs and stand behind Ryhs.”  
After they had done so, she told Lauren to go next.  Jayden was shocked when the woman did as she was told without comment.
“Katie?  You next.  Sam and I will be right behind you.”
Jayden heard a sniffle, then the girl’s feet scuffed the cement, and she climbed up to stand behind Cayden.  
“Sam, I want to see if we can… find anything left of Mom and Dad if we have the opportunity.  That okay with you?”
Sam paused before answering.  “Depends.”
“On what?”
“How far away they might be.  We can’t let the group get out of sight.  It’s dark out there.  If we get s-s-separated it won’t go right.  Besides, if they found a way out, I’m betting they’d be at Henry and Em’s farm.”
Sam waited a moment before continuing.  “If all you want to do is make s-s-sure their remains are up there, it’s not worth it.  All that will do is give you nightmares.”
Jayden thought for a moment.  “I know.  I just can’t get the picture of them out of my mind.  I think I’m going to die of guilt.”
Sam stepped back and took hold of Jayden’s forearms and held her in a firm grip.  “You have to stop that.  It’s nobody’s fault.  You have to be happy that you’re-we’re-alive.”
“I’m sorry, Sam.  You’re right.  I’m okay.  I want to go last.”
Sam paused and then did as she asked.  He thought maybe she needed to do that.  Helping the living was good medicine.
They all joined Henry above ground, keeping their prearranged positions.
After a few moments, everyone’s eyes adjusted to the dark.  Henry pointed to where he could see the dead things.  Then he pointed east to their chosen route of travel.  “Try not to fire your weapons,” he said.  “If we have to kill something, we need to be quiet about it.  But Logan, your crossbow will work just fine.”
“I think we need head shots,” Jayden said.  “It’s the only way I’ve seen them go down.”
“But what if they’re people we know?” Katie said.
“You can’t think about it,” Logan said.
“All right,” Henry said.  “Let’s go.” 



Chapter 7



Jayden thought Henry was pretty quick for an old guy.   He had lowered the monocular so he could see in the dark, hefted his shotgun, and took off at a sprint.  Emily and Ryhs did the same with their weapons, and one by one, everyone fell into place.
Here we go.  Jayden glanced around and behind them.  She wasn’t certain taking up the rear was such a good idea, but when it came right down to it, she would rather it be her than Sam.  And there was no one she’d rather have at her side than her brother.  He was a good hunter, quick on his feet, and strong.   
The night was still cool, and lucky for them, cloudless.  The waxing moon was almost full, and it gave off plenty of light to see by.  And the wind had died down, for which she was grateful.  She had almost forgotten the voices she had heard right before all hell had broken loose.  It had been so strange and unexpected.  When they had time to rest-if they ever got the chance again-she would bring it up and see if anyone else had heard them, too.  She was pretty sure Sam had.  
They were coming abreast with what remained of the bonfire.  The flames were still a good foot or so high, with approximately thirty yards separating the group from the fire.  Between them and those things.
Just as Jayden thought they might get lucky crossing the field unseen, one of the shufflers saw them.  Immediately its direction was diverted, and it started toward them.  She could hear its growling and snarling as it fixated on the living.  Its jaws worked back and forth like a cow chewing its cud.  Its ambling gait sped up.  Not quite a run, but not slow, either.  
The group took off and her adrenaline kicked in.  Her heart sped up and her breathing quickened. 
Now there were three more dead things following the original.  They moved at a diagonal, as if trying to cut them off before they could reach the tracks that led to Henry and Em’s farm.  
Hurry, hurry, hurry!  The words almost spilled from her mouth.  Because, as she looked, even more had joined the original dead thing.  One had become four.  Four had become a dozen.  And now, she could no longer count them.  It was a veritable horde.  A swarm they would never be able to fight off if surrounded.  
Oh, my God!  Mom and Dad.  It’s just like what happened to Mom and Dad!
Because the horde had moved at a diagonal, it had covered most of the ground between it and the living in a short amount of time.  But, as Jayden searched the area ahead for the narrow lane she knew divided the two fields, it soon came into view.  
Suddenly her group broke apart as though they were bowling pins.  Some stopped, but most jumped out of the way.  And then came a crushing sound like that of wood and metal striking melons and pumpkins.  Some had a sharp crispness before a duller thud resonated.  Before a wet, smacking noise joined that first sound of contact. 
Jayden saw Ryhs in close combat with one of the things.  Its jaws kept snapping at Ryhs’s neck as he repeatedly stabbed it in the chest.  Nothing seemed to faze it.  
He forgot what I said! 
More fighting ensued, and she saw Henry use the butt of his shotgun to strike a head.          Emily swung her rifle at another thing as it came up behind Henry.  She heard the release of a bolt from Logan’s crossbow.  And Sam was shepherding the rest of the group into the lane.
She grabbed her Buck knife and released it from its sheath.  She ran up beside Ryhs and stabbed the dead thing in the eye.  Immediately, all movement from it ceased.  She withdrew the knife and wiped it on the shirt of the would-be diner.  
Jayden searched for another to kill, but aside from the fast-approaching group behind them, the immediate area was clear.  She thought the few they had just dispatched must have wandered in on their own.  She did not think they had come from the bonfire.  But she would never know for sure, because now they had to hurry or they would be overcome by the swarm that was only ten yards away.
Ryhs started to say something but Jayden interrupted him.  “Seems like I’m always saving your ass.  Next time, get the head.  Kill the brain.”
Ryhs did not respond.  He just looked at her.  
“Jayden!  What are you waiting for?  Hurry up!”  It was Sam, almost beside himself.  
Jayden turned and realized that while she was reprimanding Ryhs, the horde had almost reached them.  
“Run!” she yelled.  
They both took off after the group.  Sam was running backwards to make sure Jayden and Ryhs were following, and then he turned and ran.  Soon, Jayden and Ryhs were right behind him.  
After what seemed forever, the group exited the lane and stopped before a barbed-wire fence.  Henry, Em, and Logan were standing with their hands on their knees, trying to catch their breaths.   The rest of them were in varying degrees of exhaustion.
“We can’t stay here,” Henry said, pulling apart the top two of three wires.  Emily bent low and soon was through the opening.  The rest followed her lead, but Lauren’s shirt got stuck on a barb.  
“I’m stuck!” she yelled.  “Get if off me!”
Henry and Logan attempted to help her but she would not stop thrashing.
“Hold on!” Logan yelled.  “We can’t help you if you won’t stay still!”
Lauren pushed herself away, and the back of her shirt ripped almost in two.  “I can do it myself!”  She flounced away.
Cayden pretended to throttle someone.  “Got you in a stranglehold, baby. You best get outta the way!”  A three-second mime of an air guitar followed.
Jayden startled herself by emitting a sudden burst of laughter.    
Cayden appreciated a good audience.  “Uncle sweaty Teddy at your service, ma’am.”
“I’ll remember that,” she told him with a wry grin.  “Your turn.”
Cayden bounced to the other side and soon they were all in a large pasture.  
“Hey, Uncle Henry?” Cayden said.  “You can slow down now.  I think we lost ’em.”
Henry ignored Cayden.  Instead, he told everyone to watch out for cow pies. If they stepped in one, too bad.  They could clean up later.  
“But, Unc-”
“Enough,” Jayden warned him.  “His cows were being eaten back there.”
“What?” Sam asked.  
“Yeah.  So watch out. Those things could be out here, too.”
The group zigzagged around until Henry found a cow path.  They still zigzagged some, but it was easier going.  About ten minutes later, Henry came to a stop in front of another fence.  Not far ahead, they could see the hulk of a large barn in the moonlight.
“House is on the other side of the barn,” Henry said.  “Behind it is a pole barn where I keep the vehicles.”
“How many you got?” Logan asked.  “You drove to the party tonight, didn’t you?”
“Some people collect shoes,” Emily said.  “Henry likes vehicles.  Good thing we took the car and left the SUVs here.”
They came out of the pasture in front of the barn, and Henry led them back to the pole barn.  A security light lit up the area behind the house, and they were finally able to see better.   Here, too, the property was on a hill running parallel with the highway.  There was still chaos below them but it was to a much lesser degree.
“I can’t believe there aren’t any cops and ambulances yet!” Jayden said.  “Someone must have called them.”
Logan said, “I tried when we first came upon it.  No one answered.  I just figured the dispatch center must have been overwhelmed with calls.  I’ve tried since but no luck.  I even tried calling a few others.  No one answers.”
Katie added that she had tried, also, with the same result.  She was afraid for her family.
Suddenly a half mile to the west, a loud explosion rent the night air.  Everyone stopped and turned in that direction.  A huge fireball lit up the sky.
“The least it could have done was taken those things with it,” Henry said, nodding to his pasture.   All eyes searched the dark area beyond the fence.  The swarm was still following them, getting closer as they watched.
“Let’s go,” Henry said.  He sounded tired and overwhelmed.
“But I wanted to get some pictures and important papers,” Emily said.  “I think I can hurry and be right back.”
“No way!” Jayden said.
“You aren’t going inside that house,” Henry said.  “We don’t know how many of those things are around here.  We have to hurry now.  Let’s go!”
Emily exhaled roughly, clearly agitated.
Lauren huffed.  “The least you could do is get me something else to wear.”  
“That’s what you get by being so impatient,” Jayden said.  “Next time, listen to what you’re told.”
“Fuck you!”
“Ladies!” Cayden said.  “No time for a cat fight.  We’ve got company!”
“Oh, my God!” Katie said, covering her mouth.  “Those things are coming!”
“Well, if nothing else, they are persistent,” Logan said, pushing those around him toward the pole barn.  “You said you’ve got the keys on you, right, Henry?”
“Right here,” Henry said, removing them from his pocket.  
They all started jogging to the pole barn.  
“Next time I make fun of you for carrying all those keys, Henry,” Emily said, “just tell me you told me so.  Never thought I’d see the day.”
Henry unlocked the service door, went inside, and soon the large barn-type doors were opening.  Inside were two SUVs.  A black Ford Escape and a dark blue Ford Explorer.  Both newer models.  
Logan whistled in appreciation.  “Nice rides.”
“My hero,” Lauren said.    “You certainly prepare for anything, don’t you?”
Jayden’s eyes opened wide.  Was she flirting with Henry?  She glanced at Emily and saw that Lauren’s actions were not lost on her.  “The world just keeps getting weirder and weirder,” she mumbled.
Henry split the group in two and then the power went out.  
“Not here, too!” Katie exclaimed.
“Guys, we have to hurry,” Sam said.  “Don’t forget, those things are still out there, crawling through the fence.”  
He lowered his voice and told Jayden, “I hate to say it, but…”
“I know,” she said.  “No Mom and Dad.  I can’t think about that right now.”
Several of the group turned on their flashlights.  Henry and Em got in the front seat of the largest SUV, and Henry turned the key of the Explorer and it roared to life.  Jayden, Sam, and Ryhs got in the back seat.  Next, Logan started the black Escape.  Cayden sat in front, while Katie and Lauren took the back seat.
Emily opened her window and motioned Logan to do the same.  When the windows were open, Emily yelled to Logan to turn on his walkie talkie and what band width to use.  “We can communicate that way if we get separated.”  She rolled up her window and Henry gunned the Explorer out of the pole barn with Logan right behind.
Ahead and to their left, the dead things swarmed into the yard.  Henry swerved to the right, bounced over the lawn, and then found the driveway once more.  In a minute they turned right onto the secondary road.  It took them east, then south, before it met a county road.  
Jayden released her breath.  “I thought we’d never be free.  Oh, my God, it feels so good to be safe again!”
Up ahead, the headlights from a vehicle cut through the darkness, racing from right to left.  The vehicle did not slow down when it neared the county road.
“Slow down, Henry,” Emily said.  “I don’t think it’s gonna stop for the stop sign.”
The speeding vehicle came to the T intersection, crossed the county road, and flew over the ditch.  It hit the ground with a jolt, flipped three times, and finally came to a stop against a tree.
Henry braked to a stop and trained his high-powered flashlight on the car.  In a moment, someone crawled out of the driver’s broken window, fell to the ground, and then stood up.  A man in his thirties stared at them, light shining on his blood-covered shirt.  
“Hey!” Henry yelled.  “You okay?”
The man did not answer, but in response to Henry’s voice, he uttered a raspy growl.  He started toward them, dragging his left foot.  As Henry leveled his flashlight at the face, they saw the gaping jaws chewing the night air.  A huge gash still emitted blood from the left side of his neck and shoulder.  
They heard the sound of a smashed-in door being wrenched open.  As Henry moved his flashlight to the passenger side of the car, a female in a yellow T-shirt came into view.  She, too, was nothing more than a dead thing zeroing in on a human voice. 
“Good Lord,” Emily said, “they can drive cars?”
“I don’t think so,” Jayden said.  “I think they got bitten, tried to get away, and turned while driving the car.”
“Where does that road come from?” Ryhs asked, pointing in the direction the car had come from.
“All sorts of roads,” Henry said.  “But the closest town is Waupaca.  Hard to say where they came from.”
“We have to find help,” Jayden said.  “I can’t believe it’s like this everywhere.  It can’t be.”
“I doubt it is,” Ryhs said.  “It doesn’t make any sense.”
“Nothing makes sense,” Jayden said.  “Whoever heard of rain that feels like acid?  Wind that sounds like human voices?”
“You heard that, too?” Sam asked.  “I thought I was just hearing things.”
“You were hearing things,” Emily said.  “Real things, because I heard it, too.  I also thought my mind was playing tricks on me.”
Logan beeped the horn behind them.  “Let’s go!” he shouted.  
Henry leaned out his window.  “We’re going to Waupaca.  Follow me.  And remember the walkie in case something happens.”
Henry sped away from the scene of the accident and the two dead things that shuffled over the rough terrain.  He had seen a lot of things in his lifetime but this topped them all.  He was shaken far more than he would allow himself to let on, and he did not like the frightened look on Em’s face.  In the rear-view mirror, his eyes met Jayden’s.  
He didn’t like the look on her face, either.



Chapter 8



Henry drove the Explorer at a steady speed.  He ignored everyone until they stopped talking.  It was as though he was trying to make sense of everything, and anyone else’s comments or emotional outbreaks only served to distract him.
Jayden watched Emily lay a reassuring hand on her husband’s arm that rested between them.  He gave a brief nod of recognition but kept his eyes on the road.  Her bun had become loose sometime during the evening, and stray hairs hung loosely around her face.  She drew a deep breath and turned to the darkness outside her window.
They had not come across a single vehicle since the accident with the dead things.  Here and there they passed houses with a light on, but for the most part, everything was dark.  Jayden didn’t know if it was because of the power outage and however far that reached, or if some people had a different energy company or a personal generator.  It was, after all, three in the morning, and most people were asleep.  But still, she thought with a frown, you’d think there would be some traffic after bar time.  
Beside her, Sam seemed deep in thought.  As did Ryhs beside him.  
Jayden could not understand how everyone could be so quiet.  They had just survived an inexplicable and traumatic event.  There were a million questions she needed to ask.  A million things she longed to say, if for nothing else, to relieve her pent-up emotions that were threatening to erupt.  She suddenly remembered that just last night, she had dreamed of having a life-changing event.  This was not what she had in mind.   
Finally, she could stand it no longer.  “How can you do that?” 
“Do what?” he said, still deep in thought.  
“Not say anything!  This is crazy!  I have to talk about it.  We just lost our mom and dad, Sam.  Lexi.  We lost others.  Friends.  Family.  And the highway was full of accidents, people dying, and turning into freak monsters that were eating people.  They were trying to eat us!  And another thing!  There weren’t any emergency vehicles.  No cops.  No ambulances. How can that be?  There was more than enough time for them to get there.  Is this happening everywhere?  Sam?  Answer me!”  
Jayden shook Sam’s shoulder until he answered. 
 “Look, I’m just trying to deal with this the best way I can,” he said.  “Don’t you think I’m asking myself the same questions you are?  Wondering what the hell is going on?  Right now, I don’t know what to think.”
Emily turned around and said, “I don’t know about anyone else, but me, personally?  I’m not wondering about what happened so much as I’m worried about what will happen.  I’m wondering how big an area this has affected.  If there will even be a town when we get there.”
Henry glanced at his wife and said, “That’s exactly what I’m thinking, Em.  I can’t believe what happened by our house was an isolated incident.  It’s not.  That’s the reason there weren’t any cops or ambulances.  That’s why no one could reach anyone on their phones.”
Ryhs spoke up.  He was sitting beside Sam, and as he rolled down his window a couple of inches, he inhaled a deep breath. The sudden change of air pressure in the car felt uncomfortable, the turning of the wheels too loud.  Jayden cracked open her window and the noise leveled off.
“I’m thinking the same thing you are,” Ryhs said. “Does anyone here have a cell?  I left mine in the car.”
“So did I,” Jayden said.  
“Me, too.” Sam said with a note of disgust.  
“Em,” Jayden said, “can you ask Logan if he or Katie can try reaching someone on their cells?  It’s not that far to Waupaca.  Maybe we should see if they can call the sheriff’s office again.  I just want to be sure we aren’t driving into something we can’t get out of.”
Before Emily could pick up the walkie, they heard static, and then Logan’s voice.  “Henry?  You copy?”
“We copy,” Emily said.  “Over.”
“Listen, Katie’s house is just a mile or so away.  She wants to be dropped off at her parents’.  Turn right on double E, okay?”
Em looked at Henry before replying.  “Logan, we can try, but we’re thinking maybe whatever happened at our place might have happened all over.”
There was silence for a few moments before Logan answered.  “Yes, we sort of talked about all that, too.  But we’ve got to try.  Okay?”
Henry turned on his blinker and slowed down.  
“On our way,” Emily said.  “We know where she lives.  Stay close, and don’t let Katie out until we know it’s safe.”
“Copy,” Logan said.  He turned onto the county road behind them.
Henry drove a short way, made a slow rolling stop at the stop sign, and continued on until they came to a ranch-style house on the left.  Two large, open-span steel dairy barns behind the house were seen by way of security lights affixed to tall poles.  There were no lights shining from any house windows, and tall trees threw off distorted shadows in the moonlight. Gravel crunched under their tires as they slowly came to a stop in front of the house.  It was difficult to see beyond what little they could see in their headlights.
Jayden rolled down her window halfway and listened to the still night.  All she could hear was their idling engines.  No cows mooed from beyond.  And no horrible bellowing of any in pain, either, she thought with relief.  She was just about to voice the all clear when they heard Katie scream from the Escape.  And that was when a hand reached in and struck Jayden in the face.
“What the-” Jayden exclaimed, pushing herself into Sam.
Raspy snarls and guttural growls came to them from just beyond the window. 
“Shut your window!” Ryhs shouted.  “Shut it!” 
Before Jayden could reach the button, Henry attempted to close the window.  But something prevented it from closing:  A hand grabbed the air in front of Jayden, its owner caught between the window and doorframe.     
Jayden screamed and kicked away from it.  “Get it out of here!  It’s still inside!”
Suddenly, static sounded, and Katie’s screams came from the walkie. “Mom! Mommy-” 
Logan had turned off the headlights while idling the Escape.  Now the lights lit up the interior of the Explorer, and everyone turned to look at the flexing hand beside Jayden.  
“Oh, my God, Henry!” Emily said.  “That’s Carol.  Katie’s mom.”  
The walkie-talkie sounded again.  “That’s Katie’s mom, you guys,” Logan said.  Katie still screamed in the background.  
Henry took the walkie from Emily.  “She’s stuck in the window, Logan.”
Logan said, “Her dad’s trying to get in our car.  Her brother and sister are here, too.  Watch out for them.”
Everyone in the Explorer turned to look.  
“There’s Katie’s brother and sister,” Sam said.
“Hey, Henry?” Jayden said.
Henry looked at Jayden in the mirror.
“Henry, start driving off really slow until Katie’s mom has to hurry a bit.  Then I’ll slowly lower the window so she can get her hand out.”
“Good idea,” he said, repeating it to Logan.  “Wait till we clear the car of her, Logan.  Then follow us.  We have to get out of here.”
“Copy,” Logan said, but his voice was strained.  Then, “Hurry up!  Katie’s trying to get out.  I’ve locked all the doors but she’s putting up a fight.”
“Go!” Jayden said, her finger on the window button.  At the same time, the rest of her body was bent toward Sam and away from Katie’s mom.
Henry gave the SUV a little gas, and the body of Katie’s mom appeared to try to run, but it was an unbalanced and awkward gait.  Jayden put minimal pressure on the window button, and the glass slid down an inch.  The hand reached in farther, exposing a forearm.
“Faster, Henry!” Jayden said.  “A little faster!”
Henry gave the SUV more gas, but it was too much.  Before Jayden could open the window farther, she heard a strange sound.  It was a crunchy, fluid smack. And suddenly the arm extricated from the shoulder and banged against the window and door.  This time, they did not need the benefit of a walkie-talkie to hear Katie scream.  
“Go!” Jayden screamed.  “Go!”  She grabbed the hand, opened the window, and threw it out.
Henry gunned it and the tires spit gravel at the Escape.  He followed the circular drive until they were on the county road again, Logan driving right behind them.   
“Stop!” Jayden said, opening her door.  
The dome light lit the interior, and Henry hit the brakes, yelling at the same time.  “What the hell do you think you’re doing?  Close the door!”
Logan squealed to a stop, his bumper softly touching the Explorer’s rear bumper.  Jayden jumped out of the Explorer and threw up.  When she was done, she hopped inside, closed the door, and told Henry to get going.  “Katie’s family is still coming.”  
She covered her mouth in horror, then realized it was the same hand she had used to fling Carol Bristol’s hand out the window.  Before Henry could drive off, she opened her door and had the dry heaves.
Sam told her to relax.  It would be okay.  
“I don’t think so,” Jayden said.  “I really don’t think so.”
Emily opened the glove compartment, withdrew something, and handed it back to Jayden.  “Hand sanitizer,” she said.  “Take it.  It’ll make you feel better.” 
Jayden did as she was told.  She washed several times but still cringed at the thought of what she had done.  
“How far to that town?” Ryhs asked.
“Maybe fifteen minutes,” Henry said.  
“How big is it?”
“About five thousand people.  More during the summertime.  They have a sheriff’s department attached to the jail.  I think we’ll try that first.”
“Anyway we can get there by avoiding the main roads?”
“Yes,” Henry said.  “That’s what I plan on doing.  Everyone make sure your seatbelts are on tight.  Keep your weapons close, but be careful.  I don’t want an accidental shooting.”
 “That’s why you gave all of us guns, Henry,” Ryhs said.  “We are all experienced.  We just have to make sure we don’t drive into an area without an exit.  I don’t plan on getting out of this car.  You got enough gas?”
“Full,” Henry said.  “I always keep them near full.  Jayden, how are you doing now?”
“I’m okay.  But throwing up is becoming a bad habit.  I just did it a couple days ago.”
“Why?” Sam asked.  “What happened?”  
“Long story,” she said.  “I’ll tell you all about it another time.”
Sam frowned but chose to let it go.  Jayden wasn’t one of those girls that acted all prissy.  She might have been sick, but she had that sound to her voice. The kind of sound that made Sam think there was a bigger story behind it. 
Emily told Sam to reach behind to the cargo hold.  There was water and snacks they could have.  They might not want to eat yet, but she was pretty sure Jayden could use the water and gum.  
“Hallelujah,” Jayden said.  She rinsed out her mouth and spit out the window.  Then she unwrapped a piece of gum and said, “You can stop trying to be so nice to me, Sam.  I must stink like hell.”
“Just keep your window cracked open,” he said.
Jayden leaned her head on Sam’s shoulder.  “Love you, bro.”
“Love you, too,” he said.
After driving for several minutes, Henry turned onto another street and slowed down.  They had reached the outskirts of town, and everyone sat up, searching for anything that moved.  Up ahead they saw two vehicles coming toward them at a high rate of speed.  They passed, horns blaring.
“I’d say they want to get the hell out of Dodge,” Henry said.
“Look!” Emily said, pointing.  A few pedestrians were walking in the slow shuffle they had come to expect of the undead.  
Henry slowed down.  He drove in a serpentine fashion to avoid hitting any of the shufflers.
“The sheriff department is just ahead,” he said.  
“Henry, I don’t know if it’s worth going even that far,” Emily said.  “Look at that big group.”
A few yards up the street, at least two dozen dead things walked toward them in odd, jerky motions.  
“They’re attracted to our lights,” Jayden said.  “Can you hurry, Henry?  I don’t like the looks of this.”
“Hang on,” he said, swerving onto a side road.  He drove a block, turned, and they were driving parallel to the first street.  Suddenly they came to a three-story building.  Squad cars were parked in the lot, along with some personal cars.  
“Holy crap, look at that!” Sam said.  “A freakin’ cop is one of those things!”
What was left of a deputy was hurrying toward them, a stream of blood blotting out the tan of his uniform.  “Wait!” the deputy said.  “Wait!”
Henry slowed to a crawl.  
“Don’t stop for him!” Jayden said.  “He’s one of them.  Look!  He’s been bitten. There’s blood all over him!”
“It’s blood,” Henry agreed, “but maybe it’s not his.  We have to find out for sure.”
“He’s got a gun in his hand,” Ryhs said.  “If he was bitten and hasn’t turned yet, he could be very dangerous.”
Logan drove up beside them so that his headlights flooded the deputy.  He rolled down his window and shouted, “He ain’t right, Henry!  Look at his eyes!”
The deputy’s face was slack, and his jaws had begun to work in the now-familiar rhythm of a cow chewing its cud.  His facial skin was becoming pale with dark rings around the eyes.  And as they watched, his eyes changed to a sickening greenish-yellow with an opaque, cataract-like covering.  His black pupils dilated, constricted, dilated.  Whoever he had been before was now lost forever.  
“Aw said whyaaaaaat!” Deputy Dead Thing said.  He jerked forward, and his shuffling became more pronounced.  
“Get us out of here!” Emily said.  
Logan beeped his horn.  “Get moving, Henry!  We’ll follow you. Just get us somewhere out of this town until it’s light and we can see what’s going on around us.”
“Fantastic idea!” Jayden said.  “And don’t worry about showing any respect for that thing.  It’s no longer a cop.”
Henry exhaled a pent-up breath, put the SUV in gear, and gunned the motor.  Up ahead was another dead thing in an officer’s uniform.  A shot rang out, and everyone looked around to see where it had come from.  Logan almost rammed them from behind, and then he beeped his horn to hurry them along.  
“That came from the cop,” Ryhs said.  “Probably the last command he’ll ever give his brain.  Hope it didn’t hit their car.”
Emily called Logan on the walkie-talkie and Cayden answered.  “We’re okay.  That cop shot at us.  Missed us.  Can you tell Gramps in there to hit the gas?  We need to get the hell out of here!” 
“Don’t have to ask me twice,” Henry said, gunning the Explorer.  
Behind them, Logan did the same, and soon they were speeding out of town on a winding road.  
No one could agree where the best destination was.  Emily searched the radio channels.  They were all dead, except for one A.M. station.  It was obvious that it was a prerecorded show.  They were still talking about a mass shooting in Michigan as though it was yesterday. 
After driving for over half an hour, part of it on a service road to the four-lane highway, they could see that nothing appeared normal.  The highway was congested, as though everyone was involved in a mass exodus.  Most of the cars were stalled, either by being unable to drive forward, or possibly from running out of fuel.  They had not come upon any more cracks in the earth like they had seen at the Newberry farm.  But on the highway, there were still screams coming from the injured or attacked.  And here and there, a headlight was momentarily blocked out as something or someone walked in front of it.  It was too far away to know if they were human or the undead.  
“It’s almost four,” Henry said.  “It won’t get light for another hour or two.”
“We need to keep going,” Ryhs said.  “It’s not safe to stay in one place.  At least I don’t think so.”
“I agree,” Henry said.  He paused to think, and then said he might know of a place. He took off with Logan and the others close behind.  
After a few road changes, Henry slowed and turned onto a short road that looked more like a long driveway.  At the end of the road there was a chain-link fence with barbed wire strung across the top.  It was a power substation.
“I’ve got some bolt cutters in back,” Henry said.  “If we can get inside and lock it back up, I think we’ll be safe for the time being.”
“Great idea, Henry!” Jayden said.  
Henry put the Explorer in park but kept the engine running.  Jayden knew it was just in case any of those things showed up.
In a couple of minutes, the gate was open, and both SUVs were driven inside.  Henry had an extra padlock and key that he used to relock the gate.
“For now,” Henry told the assembled group, “I think we are safe.  The fence is high enough.  And there’s barbed wire on top.  Ain’t no one gonna get in here without us knowing.”
“I think we better rest up while we have the chance,” Emily said.   “I have a feeling daylight will bring more problems but at least we’ll be able to see those things better.”
“And they’ll be able to see us,” Jayden said with a yawn.
They sat on the ground and discussed what had happened.  It felt good for all of them to be together to talk.  They needed each other; not only for protection but to bounce ideas off each other.  And right now, everyone seemed to be in varying degrees of shock.  
Who could ever have dreamed up something like this, Jayden wondered.  Never in a million years.  “What we need,” she said, “is to find others like us.  Safety in numbers.”
“Yes, but we have to make sure they aren’t… infected,” Sam said.  “I guess that’s the right word.”
“Sounds good to me,” Ryhs said.  “But we also have to be careful of the living.  If or when we find out this is a far-reaching problem, people will start to become desperate.  Food and water will run out.  People will do anything to provide for their families, themselves.  They will become the enemy just like those dead things.”
“Oh, I can’t believe normal people like us would do that!” Katie exclaimed.  She had been silent ever since they had found the power station.  
Jayden looked at the girl and felt sorry for her, yet she also thought Katie was naive.  
“You see any straights lately?” Cayden said.
“Straights?” Katie asked.
“Yeah, straights.  Not the dead things and not the turning dead things.  Except for a couple of cars, I sure as hell didn’t see anyone.”
“A lot of them might be holed up in their homes,” Ryhs said.  “But if they don’t have a supply of food and water, they will be forced to go looking for it.  And if we don’t have a military or cops, it’s going to get ugly.  So, we have to defend ourselves against the living and the dead.”
“Sounds like you’ve got experience,” Logan said.
“Not experience, just read a post-apocalyptic book or two.  And it makes sense.  At least to me, it does.”
“Me, too,” Henry said.  
Emily got up and rummaged in the back of the Explorer.  “Always keep a supply of stuff, just in case,” she said, handing out water and breakfast bars.  Don’t know about you, but I’m hungry.”
“Anything to get the taste of… Well, you know,” Jayden said.  “Thanks, Em.”
Katie began crying, and Emily pulled her near to comfort her.
Jayden heard Lauren make a sarcastic sound. 
Immediately, Jayden felt the same dislike she had experienced in the shelter.  She had no patience for Lauren, and she thought someone better put a stop to her before it got worse.
“Got a problem, Lauren?” she asked sweetly.  “No, wait.  Before you answer, just think of one thing.  We can just as easily dump you as take you along.  That girl’s been through a lot, and she doesn’t need you being a bitch.”
“What?” Lauren said. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Enough,” Henry intervened.  “Everyone get some rest.  We’re going to need it.”
Jayden silently thanked him and found a spot in the tall grass to lie down in.  Sam was near, and she felt grateful to still have her brother.  She yawned, and contrary to what she thought she would do, fell fast asleep.



Chapter 9



Jayden awoke with a start.  Her eyes opened to the first light of dawn, and at first she frowned in confusion, unsure of where she was.  Tall grasses swayed above her in the gentle breeze, reminding her of a thick forest of bamboo from her low vantage point.  Birds sang their early morning songs: sparrows, chickadees, cardinals, thrashers.  Lower on nature’s audio meter, the ever-present sound of crickets and grasshoppers sang background.  
She realized she felt a bit chilled, and her hand instinctively felt the material of the long-sleeved shirt she wore.  There was a slight dampness to it.  And something else.  Something that moved on its own under her fingers.  She raised her arm and searched for what didn’t belong.  An injured daddy longlegs spider scurried on oddly-bent legs.  Two of its legs were broken and she realized she must have hurt it.  
Instinctively she cringed at touching the arachnid, but overriding it all, she felt pity for the small creature.  She deftly plucked it up by its legs as she had seen her mother do while gardening and threw it away into the tall grass.  A surge of fondness at the thought of her mother sprang to her mind, and she felt the warmth of love radiate from her heart.  
And then, in a sudden rush, she remembered.  
In a split second, Jayden saw her mother and father as they were the last time she had seen them.  Her sister, Lexi, had been with them, along with so many others.  Surrounded in the dark by people that were not quite human.  Shuffling in the recently-mowed field grass near the bonfire.  And earlier, last evening when she had first arrived, the happy faces of her family as they greeted her.  Then came the sudden gusts of wind and whispering voices that did not, upon further study, seem quite human.  She remembered the sizzle of pelting acidic rain drops.  
The rest of last night’s horrific events played out in her mind in feelings and broken images, only to be repelled by her mind’s wish to deny them.  Once again, she felt the rush of her uneven breaths, the erratic beating of her heart, and the sway of consciousness threatening to escape.  
Jayden closed her eyes as though they were tight fists, waiting for the panic to ebb.  When at last it did, she sighed, opened her eyes, and sat up.  
Dawn was upon them and it would soon be light.  
She saw the hulking mass of the two SUVs, and the dark, indistinct shapes of others sleeping on the ground.  The metal and wire configuration of the power station rose up just beyond the group, reminding her of Sam’s building toys when he was a boy.  And surrounding them all, the tall chain-link fence with its strands of barbed wire on top.  She understood why Henry had led them here.  After her frightening memories of last night, the fence served as a security blanket, and she breathed a sigh of relief.
“You okay?”
The sudden voice sounded unnaturally loud and intrusive.  Jayden started and twisted around to find the new guy sitting a few feet away.  The one who had lost his wife and baby girl.  
She didn’t say anything, only nodded her head.  He looked somehow forlorn sitting there.  Like a lost puppy, she thought.  She figured he was hurting pretty much the same as she was.  But she did not want to talk to him.  She wanted to prolong the rapidly disappearing sense of safety she had felt just a moment ago. 
A spark of anger made her tense up.  And just as suddenly came the realization that the anger was unjustly deserved.  She was on the edge.  She knew it, felt it, and as much as she was cognizant of that fact, she was still aware that if she did not hold still, she would jump over the cliff and fall to her death.  A figurative death, perhaps, but a death all the same.
“Yes,” she whispered.  “I mean… no.”  She shook her head.  “I’m not sure.”
He nodded as though she had said the wisest thing he had ever heard.  
He rubbed his face, and Jayden heard the rough sound of whisker stubble being raked.  She watched him slowly rise to a crouch before standing.  “Gotta use the latrine.”
A hesitant half smile broke on her face and he returned it.  She watched him pick his way through the sleeping bodies until he reached the gravel skirt around the power station.  His feet crunched the rock loudly until he reached the far side.  
She spied Sam a few steps away, went to him, and hunkered down beside him.  
“Sam,” she whispered, softly rubbing his arm.  “Wake up.”
Sam groaned and opened one eye.  He winced, then both of his brown eyes were open, staring into hers.  She felt, rather than saw, the reel of memories play in his mind.  Just as hers had played out in her waking mind.  Different for each of them, maybe, but pretty much the same.  It was this knowing and the subsequent stab of sympathy for them both that made Jayden look away.  She angrily brushed away the tears.  
Sam sat up and hugged her toward him.  Shushed her escaping sobs.  
“It’ll be okay,” he said.  “We’ll be okay.”
“No, we won’t,” she said.  “Nothing will ever be okay.”
He shook his head and laid it on her shoulder. 
“I’m sorry,” she said, sniffing.  “I’m sorry.”  
He patted her back, and she wondered at the maturity of him.  He was only twenty-two, yet at that moment he seemed almost paternal.  She loved him with all her heart, and the sudden emotion made her reel in gratitude.  
“You’re right,” she said.  “It will be okay.  Not now, maybe, but someday it will.  We’ve got each other, and I’m so glad about that.”  She wiped her face on her sleeve and sat back, giving him room to look around.  
“Hey, Henry,” Sam said, eyeing the Explorer.
Henry was leaning against the inside of the frame, his legs hanging over the tailgate.  Last night, he had lowered the back seats and fashioned a bed for he and Em.  She was still asleep.
He looked to the east and squinted at the rising sun.  “It’s a beautiful morning.  Thank God we are here to witness it.”  He reached behind to rest a hand on his wife’s calf, absent-mindedly stroking it.  Then his eyes found Jayden’s.
As always, Jayden felt the silent communication between them.  She had known him her whole life, had spent many summers with her cousins on the farm, and Henry and Emily were part of those memories.  It was Henry who had taken the time to teach her about planting crops, milking cows, and filling the hay loft in readiness for winter.  She loved Emily, too, and after all these years, they had almost become surrogate parents.  And even though it was Uncle Paul and Aunt Bea’s house that she and Sam and Lexi had stayed at, it was Henry and Em’s place she had spent the majority of time.   It became natural to think of them as family.
“We should let her sleep,” Jayden said, nodding toward Emily.  “We’ve only been here a couple hours.”
Henry nodded in agreement.  “We can do that, but I suspect most of us will be up soon.  My adrenalin’s racing like crazy.”  
“What are we going to do?” 
Henry thought for a while.  “We need to contact the authorities.  I would have tried when we got here, but I was so tired.  Plus, I think we were all in shock.  Still are, if I can be honest.”
“Katie and… that kid, Cayden?”  Sam said.  “They both tried to reach the cops and his family.   No one answered.  Maybe we can try again, now that a few hours have gone by.  Call information.  Get the number of the next county over for their sheriff’s department.”
“We can try,” Jayden said, “but I don’t think it will do any good.  Remember the cop in Waupaca that was shooting at us?  Don’t you think someone would have alerted help outside this area before either dying or becoming one of those things?”
“Maybe help has come,” Ryhs said, walking up to stand beside Henry.  “We’re in an out-of-the-way place here.  I think we need to drive back to…”
“That was our aunt and uncle’s place,” Sam said.  
“To their place,” Rhys finished.  “At least drive back on those little roads we used to get out of there.  It won’t take long to see if any help has arrived.”
Jayden looked at Sam.  “We can see if we can find Mom and Dad.  Lexi.  The rest.”  She looked hopeful.
Henry cleared his throat and said, “Don’t get your hopes up too much, Jayden. There are several miles between our place and town, and things were just as bad in both places.”
Jayden heard someone stirring and she looked over to see Cayden sitting up.  “I’m starving,” he said.
“How can you think about food at a time like this?” Jayden said.
“Dude, I’m a growing boy.  I need food.”
“You are awfully small,” Lauren Bowers said, rising from her spot a few feet away.  She brushed her hair out of her eyes and stared pointedly at Cayden.  “What are you?  Ten?”
“Why?  Do you like little boys?”
Lauren made a dismissive sound and rolled her eyes.
“Actually,” Cayden told her, “I’m 17.  But if you want me to pretend I’m younger, I can probably work on it.”
“No, thanks.  I have enough problems with men my own age.”  She looked at Ryhs with a stare that was somewhere between a challenge and a come on.
Ryhs turned toward Henry, effectively giving Lauren his back.  
Emily’s feet moved, and soon she sat up and scooted beside Henry.  Her hair hung in haphazard strings around her face.  She yawned and squinted at the early morning sun.  “You are absolutely right, Cayden,” she said.  “We need food.”
“I agree,” Logan Andrews said, rising from his bed in the grass.  He walked over to stand beside Ryhs.  “And not for the short term, either.  I don’t want to be the voice of doom, but I have a feeling that whatever happened last night is pretty widespread.  Otherwise, let’s face it.  With that many accidents on the highway, we would have at least heard the sirens coming.  But we didn’t.  And that town we were in last night…”
“Waupaca,” Jayden said.  “Full of those dead things.  And the cops that were changing.  They shot at us.”
“I think they were in the middle of changing,” Sam said.  “Still able to talk and shoot, but I don’t think it lasted very long before they changed completely.”
“Well, we are not going back to find out for sure,” Emily said.  “But it might be a good idea to drive back toward home, see what our place looks like.”  She glanced at Henry, wanting to know his opinion.
Henry sighed.  “We can try.  But I’ll tell you right now, we aren’t going to be able to get anywhere close to our house, Em.”  He looked toward the gate and the road beyond.  Nothing moved in the way of animal or vehicle.
“I think we have to try, too,” Jayden said.  “And I don’t think this was an isolated incident, either.  If Waupaca is any indication, any city or area with a lot of people is the worst place to be.  I say we find shelter in a secluded spot.”
Ryhs nodded.  “With its own water supply.”
“And plenty of land to grow food if it gets to that,” Emily said.  “And Henry,” she added, squeezing his hand, “that means if there’s any livestock left, we’ll have to raise it to eat.”
Henry frowned and a look of distaste came over his face.  
“I know how you feel, Henry,” Jayden said.  “We might have to, but that’s a long way down the road.  Right now, we have to find out how far this has really spread, how many people have been affected, and then we have to stock up on as much food and water and supplies as we can.  You know if we understand that we have to do it, there will be others like us with the same idea.”
Henry nodded.  “You know, all those years of helping your Uncle Paul, I never once thought the shit would really hit the fan.  I thought it was just a fun project.  If anything happened, it would be a bad tornado, or maybe someone would nuke us.”
Emily nodded.  “And thanks to Paul, we learned a lot.  And Bea, too.”  She wiped her face with a quick brush of her sleeve, then had to do the same thing with her other sleeve when another tear fell.  “Too bad all that hard work was for nothing when the gas exploded.”
“You don’t know that,” Lauren said.  “It could have been another explosion on the highway.”
“You’re wrong,” Katie said, rising from her bed in the grass.  “It came from the direction of the farm.”
“Yeah, but-”
“But nothing,” Jayden said with finality.  “We know the area, so just trust us on this one.”
Lauren Bowers shook her head.  “Whatever.”
Jayden rolled her eyes and turned to Henry.  “I say we get a move on.  Right now, no one is around, but that might change.  It was a safe place to spend the night, but if enough of those dead things come along, we’ll be surrounded with no way out.”
“Excellent idea,” Cayden said.  “And we need to find a pharmacy.  We should stock up on medical supplies.  Just in case.”
Logan glanced at Cayden with a knowing look.  “When we find one, I’ll go with you.”
Cayden’s face was inscrutable.  “And while we’re at it,” he said, “I gotta get me some smokes.”
“Me, too,” Sam said.  “I only have a half pack left.”  He took out two, tossed one to Cayden, and lit his.  
Katie waved the air.  “That’s not good for you, Sam.”
“A lot of things aren’t,” Sam said.  “Like dead things that want to eat people.”
Katie’s face crumpled and she turned away, crying.
“Oh, for God’s sake, girl,” Lauren said.  “We’re all in the same boat.  Put your Big Girl Panties on and stop crying.  I don’t know if I can stand another moment of your whining.”
Jayden stood up and strode over to Katie, crouched down beside her, and tried to comfort the girl.  Katie buried her face in Jayden’s shoulder.  When Lauren opened her mouth to speak, Jayden interrupted.  “We’ve all been through a lot.  The last thing we need is someone like you.  So just shut up and deal with it.  If you don’t like it, there’s the road.” 
“Ooooo,” Lauren said.  “Your highness.”
Jayden stared her down.  “You’re lucky I have self-control.  Otherwise, I might be tempted to use my gun.”
Lauren sputtered, clearly shocked.  “Did you hear what she just said?”  She looked over at the group.  “She just threatened me!”
“Well, if it wasn’t her, it would have been me,” Emily said matter-of-factly.  “I have a feeling we will soon find out that there is strength in numbers.  If I were you, Lauren, I would want to remember that.”
Lauren huffed and finally shut her mouth.
Jayden smiled at Emily.  She also noticed Ryhs’s satisfied expression.  There was definitely no love lost between he and Lauren.  At least it appeared to be that way on his end.  It would be interesting to hear that story one day.
Sam stood up and ground out his cigarette butt with his shoe.  “Let’s get going, huh?  The sooner we find out what’s going on, the better.”
“Amen,” Emily said.  She pushed away from the SUV and stood on the ground.  
Henry walked to the gate, unlocked the padlock, and cleared the drive. They all piled into the vehicles, keeping the same seating arrangement they had the night before.  Logan gave Lauren a wary glance.  
“Don’t worry, Mr. A,” Cayden said.  “If she gives us any trouble on the road, we’ll just push her out and keep on driving.”  
Lauren either did not hear the remark or, for once, chose to remain silent.



Chapter 10



If Jayden thought the horrors of last night were hard to view, it was nothing compared to what daylight brought.  As the group drove closer to the farms, they encountered a few stragglers on the road and in the fields.  And the closer they came to where it had all begun for them, the more populated the area became with the shuffling dead things.
At first, members of the group pointed or exclaimed when they saw one.  Their mouths gaped open in horrified awe.  Finally, they just stared at the dead things as they turned to follow in their wake.  They were like a flock of birds who communicated and changed direction via some unknown and unheard language.
Henry was the first to speak.  “One or two of them wouldn’t be a problem, I don’t think.  But get a whole…”  He paused before continuing.  “A whole herd of them, it might be a different story.”
“We just have to make sure we don’t get boxed in,” Ryhs said.  
“Yes,” Sam agreed.  “I’d rather not find out what a bunch of them could do to us.”
Henry turned the SUV onto the frontage road that ran parallel to the highway.  They crested a hill and suddenly Emily shouted.  “Oh, my God!  Look!”
Henry screeched to a halt and put the Explorer in park.  Logan pulled out from behind and stopped beside them. 
Jayden perched in her seat so she could see between Henry and Em.  The road stretched before them at a downward slant before it continued on a half mile away at an incline.  From here they could view both the Westover and Newberry farms.  The 4-lane highway was off to their right.  Both the highway and the frontage road were jam packed with vehicles in all lanes.  They faced every direction as though a child had dumped his toy cars out of a box in a fit of rage.  Semi tractors and trailers were jack-knifed, surrounded by all types of vehicles in the medians and ditches.  Two dozen must have had the same idea that Ryhs had had.  Many were in varying degrees of progression up the hill to where the bonfire had been.  Most of them had doors ajar.  Some held the bodies of their passengers in various degrees of occupancy. But all appeared dead.
Jayden found it difficult to breathe.  She knew her family was either lying dead up on the hill or part of the huge crowd of dead things walking about.  She jumped when Henry’s window began opening.  
Cayden already had his window down and was talking to Henry.
“There’s that crack in the ground we almost fell into,” he said, pointing to Paul and Bea’s farm.  
The earth was rent from just north and a bit west of the bonfire site.  It ripped the earth all the way down to the 4-lane highway and beyond to the north as far as the eye could see.  Jayden could now clearly understand what had made the vehicles come to a sudden stop when it had all begun last night.  The back ends of several vehicles canted off at odd angles from the gaping earth.  Some of the engines were still idling, and black diesel smoke rose into the sky before being carried away by the wind.  
Part of the field between the bonfire and frontage road lay blackened and burned before apparently being snuffed out by bodies and vehicles.  As Jayden searched, it became obvious that no one had survived.  Unless, of course, one counted the walking dead things.  
“I don’t understand,” Emily whispered.  “Why did some turn into those walking things and some didn’t?  Look, you can see bodies still in the vehicles.  Or hanging out of them.”
“I don’t understand the whole damn thing,” Henry said.  “And I don’t think I ever will.”
Jayden found Sam’s hand and held it tight.  A large, painful lump grew in her throat and her eyes stung from unshed tears.  She heard a sniff, and as she glanced past Sam to Ryhs, she saw the man’s hand clench as he closed his eyes.  
Her eyes automatically looked to the bonfire site, remembering how Ryhs had tried to hang on to his dead wife and daughter.  She wanted to look away, for she knew her parents and sister were either lying there dead or were part of the huge crowd that roamed aimlessly about.  Or, they had fallen into the crevice like the ones she saw disappearing near it now.  But like a passerby of a fatal accident, she could not help but stare.  Even from this distance, it was a gruesome scene.
Logan leaned toward Cayden’s window to talk to Henry.  “Hey, I’m getting goose bumps.  I feel like I’ve got bugs crawling all over my skin.  I don’t know what you’ve got in mind, but I think we need to get the hell out of here.  Some of them are watching us.”
Jayden shook herself out of her state of silent reverie and looked around.  It was true.  The shufflers had suddenly fixated on the two SUVs at the top of the hill.  She watched in amazement as they formed a herd and began a lurching run.  Most of them dragged their feet, hands outstretched on arms that appeared locked at the elbows.  And the fixed gaze of eyes that stared at them as though they were prey.  
Which is exactly what they were, she thought.  Prey for the undead.  They seemed to require constant feeding, as though they would never be satiated.  
They were coming closer, but all the while, she and her group of the living watched on in morbid fascination.  Soon they were so near that it was becoming easy to tell how each had died before becoming reborn into one of those things.  
“Henry, let’s go-” Jayden began, only to stop in midsentence as their vehicle was bumped from the right.  
Emily screamed.  “They’re all around us, Henry!”
Then another slammed into them from the back, and Jayden heard Katie and Lauren scream.   She swiveled around in her seat and saw a face that looked like a Halloween mask.  Only this was far worse because it was real; white face, blackened skin around the yellow, black, and green eyes.  Its mouth hung open in a ghoulish slant, and half of its face had been ripped apart to reveal white bone.  All the while, it chewed the air, its gory eyes covered with a milky transparency that fixed on its prey. 
Without realizing it, Jayden was screaming, too.
Henry and Cayden quickly closed their windows and then both drivers jockeyed to find a positioned to turn around.  Logan was the first.  He gunned the Escape in reverse, bounced over two shufflers, and then made a screeching Y-turn before heading back the way they had come. 
Five more of the undead joined the first one behind Henry’s SUV, banged the Explorer, and pawed the windows.  Finally, Henry was able to make a Y-turn, and he ran over three of the shufflers before finding traction. 
The dead things were coming at them from all directions.  What at first had appeared as mostly empty fields until they had come to the hill, was now full of walking bodies.  And with the huge herd zeroing in on them from behind, the air was filled with their wet, garbled snarls. 
Up ahead, Logan swerved to avoid the undead that were limping onto the road.  Henry gunned the Explorer until they were only a few feet behind Logan.  Some of the undead were barely struck but they flew like bowling pins. 
All around them, the fields became populated with more of the undead, all intent, it seemed, to cut off the escape route of the living.  Jayden thought they must have been laying down before whatever it was that had communicated the need to arise and attack.  
I swear if Mom and Dad appear, I’m gonna die.  She could take them running over strangers but not her family.  Especially if she had to view them through the red gore of missing flesh and hanging intestines.  
Suddenly, they were beyond the horde and speeding along on an empty road.  Logan turned onto the county road and Henry followed.  After a short time, Logan put on his blinker and braked to a stop.  Henry pulled up beside him and Em rolled down her window.
“What the hell was that?” Logan exclaimed.  “First there were a few, then we almost became breakfast!  You take the lead, Henry.  I don’t know this area.”
Henry thought for a moment.  “Okay.  Follow me.  There’s a small gas station up ahead, practically in the middle of nowhere.  We haven’t used that much fuel up, but if we can, we’d better top off the tanks.  Ready your weapons and be prepared to fight.  There should be very few around but I’m not taking any chances.  If the station’s empty, we stock up on all the food and drink we can carry.  And Logan?”
Logan eyed Henry, listening.
“If you see any dead things walking around, make sure you kill them with head shots.  Got it?”
Logan nodded.  “You got it, Henry.  Now get us the hell out of here.”



Chapter 11



 Jayden’s stomach growled.  
“I heard that,” Sam said.  “I’m starving, too.”
“I can’t believe we’re hungry after all we’ve been through.”  She fished a tube of lip balm out of her pocket and applied it to her chapped lips. “Mom and Aunt Bea would normally be making us breakfast by now.”
“Pancakes and bacon, fried eggs done just right.”
“With no snot on top,” Jayden said.  
Her eyes burned and watered. She turned and looked out the window, and she knew if she started crying now, she would never be able to stop.  She opened her window just enough to get some fresh air, closed her eyes, and let the cool breeze waft over her face.  A crushing weight pressed against her chest, and an insistent voice inside her head wanted to shout that this was all a dream.  No, not a dream.  A nightmare the likes of which she could never have imagined.  
She became aware that Em and Henry were talking.  It made her realized that she had spaced out for a while.  She only wished she could have done so without feeling.    
“... almost there,” Em said.  “We’ll be able to find something to eat there, so don’t you worry none.”
Henry slowed the Explorer down to a crawl and searched the area off to the right.
“I wonder if anyone is still in that car,” Em said.  “It reminds me of the ones on the freeway.  I hope they aren’t dead.”
Jayden scooted up to see better.  A newer tan sedan was parked at a slight angle toward the ditch, but the front wheels were turned all the way to the left as though the driver had changed his mind in a hurry.
“Keep going,” Ryhs said.  “They’re dead.”
“Oh, my God!” Em said.  “He’s all bloodied up.  It looks like he’s been chewed and ripped apart. I’m gonna be sick.”  She started urping and Henry gave the Explorer the gas until they had passed the car.  He swerved to the side of the road and Emily opened her door, hopped out, and threw up.
Jayden covered her mouth and forced herself to look away.  The sounds coming from Em were almost enough to make her follow suit.  Her own recent experience of upchucking forced her to relive the acidic taste and after burn.  The act of vomiting was beginning to seem like a flu symptom without the virus.  So many of them had done it. 
“Did you see the woman inside?” Ryhs asked no one in particular.  He rolled down his window and looked behind them, as though he could still see the corpses inside.
“Looks like it could have been his wife,” Henry said.  “Whoever got the man, pulled the woman over and started on her.”
Jayden heard a beep beside them, turned, and saw Cayden and Lauren motioning to Henry.  She rolled down her window.  
“That was so not awesome,” Cayden said.  “And what I want to know is, why do some turn and some don’t?  Why aren’t those old people walking around like the other undead?”
“Good question,” Henry said. “But by the looks of them, I’d say they were killed not too long ago because they haven’t turned yet.  And who knows how long that is?  It seems to be different for different people.”
Logan bent toward the window to add his own thoughts.  “Last night we saw some turn right away, and others took a bit longer.  For all we know, everyone turns, it just takes time.  On the other hand, maybe some don’t turn at all.  How the fuck should we know?”
Jayden heard Logan’s fear and well-controlled hysteria just below the surface of his calm demeanor.  
“You’re right!” Lauren said, loud enough for all to hear.  “How could any of us know?  This is a goddamn nightmare.  What are we just sitting here for?  We need to get supplies and find a safe place to stay.  Do you think you could do that, Henry?  Huh?”
“You know-” Jayden began before she was interrupted.
“And why aren’t we getting the hell out of here?” Lauren screamed, her voice becoming shrill.  “There are dead things and dead people all over the place. And here we are, out in the boonies somewhere without a damn cop in sight.  Get us the fuck out of here!”
“Lauren!” Jayden hissed.  “Lauren!”  She waited until the other woman finally looked at her.  “You’re right.  Nobody knows how long it takes to turn or if everyone does.  You’re scared.  We all are.  But we have to stay as calm as we can.”
Lauren’s face twisted in contempt.  “Well, aren’t you just the voice of reason.  Anything else profound you want to say?”
“Yes.  Just shut up.” 
“Okay!” Henry said loud enough to get everyone’s attention.  “Like I said.  We’re going to the gas station.  What we find there, who knows?  Everyone with a weapon, be prepared.  We fill our tanks first with everyone else watching and standing at the ready. When we’ve gassed up, then we go in and get what we can.  As much as we can.  As fast as we can.  Everyone got that?”
“Yep,” Em said, covering her mouth.  “I need some mints.”
Despite everything she had been feeling, Jayden barked out a laugh.  Sam joined her and even Henry and Ryhs smiled.  
“Well if the dead things don’t get us,” Jayden said, “the stress will.”
“Here we go,” Henry said, pushing down on the gas pedal.  “Just a ways up, beyond that curve.” 
They drove the tree-lined road a quarter of a mile until it curved to the right.  Henry slowed to a crawl, anticipating the entry to the gas station. 
“There it is,” Em said.
They passed a small road on the right, and the gas station was just beyond it.  Deke’s Country Gas Mart, the faded red and blue sign proclaimed.  Support Your Local Business was added in unabashed blaze orange just below.  
“There’s Deke’s Jeep,” Henry said.  It was an old model, bought, Deke had told Henry, di-rectly from the army itself. 
Henry remembered the day Deke had told him that, but he couldn’t remember when, exactly.  Only that it had been a long time ago.  At least thirty years, he’d bet. Deke had been proud of his good deal, which was Deke-speak for paying next to nothing.
Deke had also been proud of his two daughters.  So proud, he was suspicious of any male that happened to enter his little store when the girls worked the counter.  He even had a shotgun hanging just out of sight and within easy reach if need be.  Henry had wanted to tell Deke that he would have had a lot more business if he wouldn’t have acted like the overly-protective father figure.  Especially since his daughters had long since passed their prime. 
“Lights are on,” Em said.
“But not a car in s-s-sight,” Sam added.  “‘Cept for the Jeep.”
Henry studied the road in both directions, the house where Deke and his wife lived just beyond the station, and farther ahead where two more houses lined the road. He pulled up to the gas pump closest to the station, and Logan jockeyed in to the second. He exited the SUV slowly, searching in every direction.  Cayden did the same.
Inside the Explorer, Jayden and the others sat still, not saying a word.  They watched through their windows for any sign of movement, ready to shout a warning to Henry and Cayden.
“It’s so quiet,” Emily said.
“Too quiet,” Sam whispered, mimicking the old western movie.  His shoulders quivered as he tried to suppress laughing out loud at his own joke.  
Jayden poked him in the ribs.  Now she knew for certain they were suffering from PTSD.  They were laughing.  
Everyone resumed their vigil, listening to the pumps’ airy flow of gasoline, the metallic click of hands clenching and re-clenching the handles with their little metal slide locks, until finally the higher pitch of the forced gas and the Clunk! from the hand release that signaled the tanks were full.  
In the silence that followed, Cayden said, “Will that be cash or charge, sir?”
Sam huffed a laugh and Jayden rolled her eyes.  I can’t believe he laughed at that. Overnight the world had turned into a surreal, upside-down place, where nothing was funny, yet here they were, cracking jokes and stealing gas.  
She opened her door as quietly as she could, pulled the Beretta 9mm from the waistband of her jeans, and held it at the ready.
Henry readied his own weapon, the Mossberg shotgun. Em comfortably gripped her 30-06 rifle, and Sam and Ryhs each held their guns.
Jayden watched Logan as he passed in front of the Escape, crossbow at the ready.  His knife was in a sheath on his belt, and his dark blue eyes narrowed to become the eyes of a hunter.  His black hair was smoothed back, held in place with sweat.
Cayden stepped up to walk beside Logan.  He held his bat in the ready stance, and in that moment, Jayden understood their close bond.  Despite not having a gun himself, Cayden showed little fear.
Her attention was diverted to Katie who was still half-way in the SUV.  Only one foot was on the ground, and she looked scared to death. 
“Katie,” Jayden whispered.  “Why don’t you stay there and keep an eye open with Lauren?  If anything looks suspicious, honk the horn.”
Katie twirled a long blonde lock of hair, her blue eyes relieved.  “Are you sure?” 
“Positive,” Jayden said.  “We need you out here.”
Katie sighed in relief, got back in, and closed the door.  
Jayden didn’t bother to look at Lauren.  It was clear the woman had no intention of coming out of the car.  Which was just as well.  She would do nothing but distract everyone’s attention, possibly getting someone killed by her thoughtless stupidity.  
Henry started to walk toward the station.  Everyone followed, but at the last moment, Logan turned and passed the car keys to Katie through the window.  “Close the windows and lock the doors,” he said. Katie nodded and did as she was asked.
Ryhs hurried to walk beside Henry.  “No offense, Henry, but I’m a bit younger than you.  Let me go in first, okay?”
Henry did not have to think long before he consented.  Ryhs was right, and Henry was not about to mess things up with his slower reflexes. He grabbed Emily’s hand and held her close behind him.  
Jayden hurried to walk up beside Ryhs.  “Let me help you enter.”
Ryhs looked at her, decided she felt confident in her own ability, and nodded.  
They approached the steps-no OSHA requirements or concessions to the disabled had been followed here-and Jayden and Ryhs positioned themselves on either side of the wooden door.  The others spread out on the decking and looked in the windows and reported they could not see anything or anyone. 
Ryhs reached over and opened the door and Jayden peeked inside.  She eyed the aisles spread out before them, the counter with its worn red linoleum covering to the left. 
She held her breath and listened.  Watched.
Nothing moved.
Yet still, she felt the hairs on the back of her neck rise.  She felt watched.  Almost… hunted. 
She slipped in just to the left of the door, her back to the wall.  Ryhs followed and darted to the right.  Henry entered the room, and Logan, Sam, Cayden, and Emily took up the rear.  Ryhs held up a hand for everyone to be still and listen. 
A creaking sound came from behind the worn counter with its dusty displays of miscellaneous small items for sale.  Jayden aimed her Beretta in that direction, sidling slowly toward it.  
Suddenly the group did a collective jump as something heavy banged to the floor.  A slight pause, and then a myriad of sounds came to them from beyond the closed door at the back of the store.
“That’s the storage room,” Henry said.
Something moved behind the counter.  It was a stealthy sound, like that of an arm or leg as it slides across the floor.  And from beyond the storage door, they began to hear a muffled garble.  Soon an airy hissing and growling ensued, becoming louder and louder.
Ryhs leveled his shotgun toward the back of the store as he walked the width of the room, searching down every aisle. Logan and Cayden spread out to the left in front of Jayden, crossbow and bat ready to approach whatever lay beyond.  As Jayden sidled up to the counter, Logan reached the end and looked down.  
“I think I’ve found Deke,” he said.
Henry rushed over and stood beside Logan.  He looked down in dismay.  “Deke!” He leaned over and began to reach for his friend.
“Henry!” Jayden uttered his name quickly, her voice sharp.  It had the desired effect.  He stopped and looked at her.  “Don’t.  Not yet.”
She cautiously looked over the counter and saw him.  An old man in a black and white flannel shirt, suspenders drawn over a large belly, and dark green pants.  The face of his shirt was no longer black and white.  It was discolored by the dark red and yellow gore of viscous organs and entrails.  White connecting tissue contrasted here and there, and a leg had pushed forward as far as it could go before being stopped by the wall of the counter.  
Jayden’s mind clicked into an unemotional state.  She adhered to her own silent advice given earlier: Don’t let shock and hysteria take the lead.  Stay calm.  Her eyes moved to Deke’s eyes.  They were brown whirlpools in a sea of white foam, changing color before her own brown eyes, to opaque discs swimming over yellow, green, and black.  Red surface veins broke out in a spidery web, and the surrounding facial skin turned purple, blue, and black.  
“He’s already turned,” she said, eyeing Henry.  
Henry could not dispute it.  He already knew it.  But as if in denial, he voiced the hopeless words.  “Maybe not…”  His voice trailed off.  His words held no conviction.
“Henry,” Logan said, putting a gentle hand on the older man’s shoulder.  “Let me do this.  You shouldn’t watch.”
Em took her husband’s arm and pulled him toward her.  “Henry,” she whispered.  “We can’t help him.  It’s too late.”
Henry finally tore his eyes from his old friend and allowed his wife to lead him away.  
Deke suddenly growled and hissed.  He hefted himself up to a sitting position.  Jayden aimed her gun but Logan stopped her.  “Too loud.  I’ll do it.”
Logan aimed the crossbow.  With a whoosh of air, the bolt entered Deke’s brain, and he fell back against the floor.  
Jayden felt a rush of revulsion but quickly smothered it.  And then she heard something heavy being pushed across the floor from the back of the room.  Ryhs and Cayden were pushing an old chest freezer in front of the storage door.  It had the effect of a starting gun signaling the beginning of a track and field race, and the room was filled with the garbled growls of the undead.  The sound was muffled by the door but there could be no mistaking the rage behind the roars.  
Ryhs and Cayden ran to the front of the store and shouted for everyone to hurry and get as many goods as they could.
Jayden looked out the window and saw Katie and Lauren still safe in the car, waiting for them to come back.  She grabbed a shopping basket and looked around for what to take first.  
“Get lots of food!” Emily shouted.  “And toilet paper, too!”
Henry and Ryhs grabbed the only two full-size shopping carts, and began loading bottled water, sodas, and fruit juices into them.  Jayden leaned over the counter to get Deke’s shotgun.  She also retrieved the box full of shells.  Then she ran to the end of the counter for the batteries and flashlights on display.  She threw everything into her basket.  
After five minutes of frenzied shopping, Henry yelled for them to stop.  “We gotta make sure we have enough room for all this.  We still have stuff from the shelter.”
Cayden whistled when he saw what they had all acquired.  He also saw Logan eyeing him with a knowing look.  “What?”
“You get enough first aid stuff?” Logan asked, keeping his eyes level with Cayden’s.
“Yeah, sure.”  Cayden’s hand started toward his backpack before he consciously dropped it.  “Got these, too,” he said, reaching into his basket.  He held up four cartons of two different types of cigarettes.  
Sam laughed and raised his basket.  It, too, had a few cartons of cigarettes.  “And these,” he said, pulling out lighters from his pocket.  “Can never have too many.”
Logan brushed past Cayden on his way to the front door.  “Get enough cold meds, Cayden?  You know, just in case one of us gets a cold.”
Cayden paused.  “Glad you remembered, Mr. A!”  He ran down an aisle and they heard him toss more items into his basket.
“Let’s get a move on, everybody!” Henry yelled.  
A car horn blasted, startling everyone.  
“Shit!” Jayden exclaimed.  “What now?”
They ran out of the gas station, encumbered with their supplies, trying to see what was wrong.  Katie’s face and the palms of her hands were pushed up against her window.  Lauren’s face was contorted in a scream, her eyes closed.
“Cayden, run!” Emily screamed.  
Her 30-06 roared to life and everyone turned in time to see two dead things shuffling toward them.  Another fell only inches from Cayden.
 Logan grabbed him by the collar and threw him toward the SUVs.  
From the other side of the building, three more dead things shuffled toward them, jaws snapping, arms outstretched.  
“Run!” Jayden screamed.  “Run!”
She aimed at an old woman wearing an apron.  Something told her it was Deke’s wife.  She pulled the trigger and a hole appeared in the woman’s neck.  Blood spurted, but she continued on in her mindless quest for food.  Jayden aimed again, and this time, she dropped the woman with a bullet to the forehead.
Ryhs downed the teenage boy behind her and a girl who looked like she might have been his girlfriend.  A rose peaked out from under her pink tank top.
Jayden picked up her basket and ran to the Explorer.  Emily was already there, opening side doors and the back, stuffing everything in as quickly as she could. 
Katie jumped out, ran to Sam, and hugged him.  And despite her rush to unload, Jayden couldn’t help but smile at her brother’s reaction.  He was blushing.
“Come on, come on!” Emily prodded.  “Heavy things first, light on top.”  
Finally they were finished and everyone piled inside.  Henry took the lead again, and just as he was about to pull out onto the road, a gray pickup truck appeared from the other side of the station on the small county road.  Its driver did not bother to obey the stop sign.  It turned right into the parking lot. Another pickup truck followed it.
Henry paused, not sure if they should stop and speak with them or not.  They were, after all, the first living humans they had seen since all hell had broken loose last night.  
The gray truck squealed to a stop in front of the store, and its driver put it in park, then revved the engine loudly.  The second truck drove up behind the first, and its hooded driver got out, stood behind the open door, and aimed a rifle at them.  
“They don’t look too friendly,” Ryhs said lightly.  “Maybe we should take off before they decide they don’t want us to leave for some reason.”
“I agree,” Em said.  “I don’t like the looks of ‘em.”
“Why would they be pointing a gun at us?” Jayden said.  “It’s not like we did anything to threaten them.  If we were the undead, we sure wouldn’t be driving in a car.”
The first truck bucked forward, then stopped again, its driver still gunning the engine.  
“Now that looks threatening,” she said.
“Come on, Henry,” Sam pleaded.  “Let’s get out of here before they decide they want what we have.”
“Yes,” Em agreed.  “And it might not be just food and supplies.  We’ve got a few young women here.”
Henry drove out of the parking lot.  When he saw Logan had done the same, he gunned it and drove west as fast as he thought was safely possible. 
“If they come after us,” he said, “we’ll have to defend ourselves.”
“I’m ready,” Ryhs said.  “We didn’t survive last night just to be threatened today.”
Henry sighed.  “I hate how emergencies bring out the worst in some people.  We should be banding together.  There is safety in numbers.”
“Not with people like them,” Jayden said.  “They’re the kind that take advantage of others’ problems.”
Henry grunted.  He didn’t know what lay ahead but he hoped it was better than this.



Chapter 12



“Oh, man…   This is just crazy.”  Cayden swiveled around in his seat to see if they were being followed.  “What the hell just happened back there?”
“Back there?” Lauren screamed.  “Back there were people!  Not dead things.  People!  Why are we leaving them?  You said there was strength in numbers!”
Logan rolled his eyes.  He was really getting tired of this woman.  He made a concerted effort to pause before speaking.  But it was hard.  All he wanted to do was stomp on the brakes, open the door, and ditch the bitch.  
“Lauren,” he began, testing his voice to see if there was any outward sign of impatience.  Kind of like what he had to do with his especially trying students.  
“We need to stop and go back!”
Clearly, she hadn’t heard him.  “Lauren!” This time a little louder, a little more insistent.  Like the second time he had to warn Timmy Krenschlow to stop ogling Stephie Borenski’s ass.  
“They had weapons, too!  And they didn’t act like a bunch of pussies like you people do.  Someone who will actually fight and get things done!”
Logan eyed the back of the Explorer.  The way Henry was making tracks, it probably wouldn’t be a good idea to stop and have it out with Lauren.  By the time Henry discovered they weren’t behind him, it could be too late.  He had a feeling the guys in the pickup trucks might soon be following them.
“Take me back!” Lauren screamed.  “I’ll talk to them.  They’ll see reason after I’m done talking.  Guys always do.  I know what I’m doing.”
Logan banged the palm of his hand on his forehead, decided to throw caution to the wind, and squealed to a stop. But instead of getting out and throwing her out, he turned in his seat to face her.  
“What?” she asked, her tone imperious.  She flicked her red nails at him, a gesture, he noted, she did often.
He stared her down, willing her to look away, but she did not.  She’s good.  I’ll give her that.  “Think about it, Lauren,” he said in a soft, measured voice.  “I mean, really think about it.  Do you really think those guys looked like they wanted to make friends with us?  I don’t know about you, but I didn’t see a friendly wave or nod.  In fact, I’m quite certain they were threatening to shoot us.  Now why do you suppose perfect strangers would act like that?  Hmmmm?”
Lauren’s blue eyes finally acknowledged him.  They widened in understanding, but just barely, and then she turned and looked out her window. 
“Do you still want to go back and talk to them?”
Logan could see that Lauren was having a silent battle with herself.  Incredulity surfaced at the idea that she couldn’t get any man to do whatever she wanted.  It confronted the rational idea that if those strangers had wanted to befriend her, they would have acted like the kind of men she was used to.  She forcefully exhaled her held breath.  “I guess not.”   
Finally!  He turned around and put the SUV in gear, saw that Henry and his group were nowhere to be found, and hit the gas.  Meanwhile, he heard Katie whimpering in the back seat, and he thought if she didn’t stop pretty soon, Lauren would be off to the races again.  And despite having told Cayden that no smoking was allowed inside their closed vehicle, the kid had lit up.  
“Sorry, Mr. A,” Cayden said, opening his window to let the smoke escape.  “But if I don’t have a cigarette or something, I’m going to explode.”
Logan glanced at his student.  A student that he now thought of as a friend, if not in some inexplicably weird way, his son.  That idea wasn’t exactly new to him.  In some ways, Cayden reminded him of himself when he was young.  Only thing was, nowadays kids rebelled and were into things a lot more heavy than he had been into.  More dangerous, too.  And beneath all that outer bravado, Logan knew, resided a scared and insecure little boy.  
“It’s okay,” Logan said, giving in.  “Just don’t make it a habit, okay?”
“Got it, Mr. A.  I wouldn’t dream of making this a habit.”  He snickered.
Logan laughed and glanced in the rear-view mirror.  His eyes narrowed.  If they were seeing what he thought they were seeing, they might have cause to worry.  He noticed that Cayden had caught his change in attention.  The kid studied the view behind them in the side mirror. 
“Think maybe we should catch up to Henry,” Cayden said.  It was a statement, not a question.
“Yeah,” Katie piped up from the back seat.  “I don’t like not being able to see them.  You would think they would have noticed we weren’t behind them.”
“You think?” Lauren said sarcastically.  She caught the look Logan gave her, rolled her eyes, and turned to look out her window.  
Logan appreciated the fact that he hadn’t won the war, but he had won the battle.  It would definitely make things easier if the woman would keep her mouth shut.  Now to find Henry.
He gunned the engine and pressed the gas pedal as far down as he dared.  The road was narrow and, for the most part, tree lined.  It was also curvy, and he thought sooner or later, he would spot the dark blue Explorer.  Every once in a while they would pass other roads, and his eyes flicked down them to make sure Henry hadn’t gone there.  A few mailboxes signaled the occasional house, and as far as he could tell, no one was out and about there, either.
“Come on, Henry.  Where are you?” he muttered under his breath.
Finally, after another curve, he spotted the Explorer parked on the side of the road.  He let up on the gas and glided up beside it.  Henry and Jayden had lowered their windows, looking out at them expectantly.  
“What kept you?” Henry asked, clearly agitated.  
Before Logan could answer, Cayden said, “Mr. A had to deal with the Little Princess in the back seat.  How come you never noticed we weren’t behind you?  That was kind of a long time, don’t you think?”
Lauren started to make a fuss, thought better of it, and stayed quiet.
Henry’s face darkened.  “I had a little problem of my own.  How come you guys didn’t answer your CB?”
“Oh, shit!” Logan said, looking down.  “Sorry, Henry.  Somehow it got turned off.  I don’t know how.”
“Well, I kept calling you because someone else found our frequency- those guys from Deke’s station.  They asked us to come back for a chat.  Completely off with how they acted.  I’ll wager a whole month’s pension that they want what we have.  And now that they think we separated, I’m guessing they’ll try and catch up to us.”
“They’re already behind us,” Logan said.  “At least someone is.  I saw the glint of a vehicle in the mirror.  But they’re still far off.  If we can get off this road, we might lose them.”
Henry wasted no time.  “Follow me!” he shouted.
A tenth of a mile up the road, Henry made a quick right and sped up the narrow country road with Logan right behind.  Not far up, they turned onto another road and began speeding west again, parallel with the road they had originally traveled on.
“Mr. Andrews?” Katie said.  Her voice trembled.  “Maybe we should ask Mr. Westover to go a little faster.  I’m afraid those guys will know what we did.”
Logan studied his rear-view mirror but was unable to see anything.  “Nothing in back of us yet, Katie,” he said.  “And we can’t use the CB.  They’ll know for sure what we did.”
Katie nodded.  “Sorry.  Forgot.”
“It’s okay.  This is hard on all of us.”
“Besides,” Cayden said.  “we don’t know for sure it’s those guys behind us.  Maybe it’s someone else.”
“Yes, but if that’s the case,” Katie said, “the guys at the gas station might want to stop them, too.”  
Logan nodded in agreement.  “We’ll just have to wait and see.  And see where Henry leads us.”
Logan kept up close behind Henry, and as if Henry understood, he sped up even faster.  After a few minutes of jouncing along the curved and uneven road, they came upon a highway.  Henry took another right and they took off at an even faster pace.  Ten minutes later, they came upon a four-lane highway.  Just short of the on ramp, Henry pulled over to the side, and Logan drove abreast of him.
“We lost them,” Logan said.  “If it was the same ones, that is.”
“Most likely,” Henry said.  “And I’m glad you didn’t use the CB.  I don’t think there’s any way they could find us from it, but they’ll try to.  Back there, I figured if you couldn’t see me, you’d hurry and try to catch up.  And you did.”  He nodded, as if in answer to his own doubting mind of whether or not he had done the right thing.
“I hope you still know your way around here, Henry,” Cayden said.  “I mean, as far as the little back roads go?  Did you notice the freeway?  Ain’t no way we’re getting through there!”
Everyone looked.  At first it wasn’t obvious because the road they were on was below the grade of the on ramp to the four-lane highway.  But farther up, they could see what appeared to be a congested highway.  It looked like the four-lane road in front of the Newberry and Westover farms from last night.
Henry’s face darkened in dismay.  “Let’s drive up a bit onto the overpass,” he said.
They drove a few yards until they were in the center of the bridge.  Then, as far as the eye could see, there were only short distances between pileups.  And here and there, groups of the dead things moved around. Slowly, as if they were bored and had nothing to do.  
“What I wouldn’t give for a joint,” Cayden whispered under his breath.
Logan looked at him and, for a fleeting moment, wanted to do exactly the same thing.  Join the kid and just chill out in front of a nice campfire.  Roast some hot dogs, munch some munchies, and get totally stoned.  
He blinked and shook his head.  Just what the hell are we going to do now?
“Henry?” he said.  “I hope you got some idea of what to do, because right now I’m all out of ideas.  I don’t know this area.  I don’t know what’s going on, and I sure as hell don’t want to be eaten for lunch.”  He pointed up ahead to the side of the road, where a few of the undead were beginning to stumble onto the road.
“Behind us, too!” Katie said.  Her voice took on a shrill note.
“We’re going to have to gun it, Henry!” Jayden yelled from her seat behind Henry.  “Everyone, close your windows!  We’re going to have to drive through them!”
Henry looked over at Logan, his window already sliding to a close.  He gave the thumbs-up sign, then faced forward, a look of determination on his face. 
The big engine of the Explorer roared to life, and Henry trounced on the gas pedal.  The SUV bolted forward.  Logan followed suit and soon they were striking shufflers.  Bodies bounced off the SUVs, some with a dull thud, others with a sickening wet splat!  A few were ground up under the wheels, limbs and heads striking the undercarriage of each vehicle.  
Soon they were beyond the overpass, but shufflers still dotted the road as if gathering for an impromptu office party or flash mob.  As the SUVs gunned toward them, they turned to face their executioners, jaws slack, chewing the air in anticipation.  
Each time, just before they hit the next group, it wasn’t the blood and gore that disturbed them so much: It was the complete lack of human understanding in the eyes of the shufflers.  A vacant stare of an incredibly ugly mixture of green, black, yellow and red set in darkened rings in white faces.  Or what was left of many of their faces.  So many of their bodies were mangled beyond any kind of understanding or comprehension of just how they could be up and walking around.  Searching for their next meal, when the last was so easily evident upon their tattered clothes. 
Finally, Henry and Logan reached a stretch where no more dead things stumbled up from the ditch.  But soon it became evident that they were nearing a town.  There were more homes dotting the countryside, more vehicles to jockey their way around.  And many, many more bodies in various stages of death and awakening.  
Logan thought Katie pretty much summed it up best when she said, “I don’t think we’re going to be rescued by anyone anymore.”  She played with the gold cross on her chain, sliding it back and forth, back and forth.  “I keep praying, but I don’t know if He’s listening.  Do you think He’s given up on us?  Did we do this to ourselves?”



Chapter 13



“Henry,” Emily said, “we’ve been driving for hours.  We have to stop somewhere to rest, eat, and figure out what to do.”
Jayden watched Henry’s face in the rear-view mirror.  Her old friend was frustrated, beyond worried, but still trying to hold it together.  He pushed up his gold-rimmed glasses and ran a hand over his partially bald head.  “Well, that’s a nice thought,” he said quietly.  “But where, exactly, do we stop without being afraid of being attacked?”
“It hasn’t even been twenty-four hours yet,” Jayden said.  “I have a feeling it’s going to be a long time before we ever feel safe.”
Ever since they had left the power substation that morning, Logan and Katie had been trying to reach someone on their cell phones with no luck.  All of them had been trying to get something on the radio.  Aside from a few stations playing pre-recorded tapes (and those were quickly dwindling in number as their time ran out), there was becoming nothing but static or the steady warning tone they usually heard during severe weather.  At least someone had taken the time or had the presence of mind to do that.  And two times they had seen other vehicles, but since they were not close enough to tell who they were, they decided to play it safe and avoid them.  The thought of the two pickup trucks and their unfriendly riders was never far from their minds.
“And,” Jayden continued, “we need one of the cell phones from Logan or Katie.  We can be communicating that way.  And we have to make sure we keep them charged.”
Sam huffed.  “Well that was downright smart of us.  We should have thought of that before when those guys were after us.”
“You’re right,” Ryhs agreed.  “This is obviously a whole new world.  We’re going to have to get used to it, or stupid mistakes like that will get us killed.”
“I keep thinking this is an isolated incident,” Henry said.  “But we’ve been near three towns now and it’s all the same.”  He shook his head.  “I just can’t believe this is the way the world ends.”
“War of the Worlds all over again,” Sam said.
“You mean Night of the Living Dead,” Ryhs corrected.  
Emily turned in her seat.  “They are like zombies, aren’t they?”  Her faded blue eyes registered a mixture of disbelief and disdain.  And underneath, just barely concealed, flowed a river of anxiety.  Her fingers fluttered like an injured butterfly, trying to tame the thin stragglers of hair that kept escaping from her bun.  
Suddenly Henry yelled “Hold on!”  
He stomped on the brakes but was still unable to avoid a shuffler that had happened upon the road.  The dead thing was wearing black leather, but even his jacket and chaps couldn’t protect him from the SUV.  Or earlier, when he had apparently had an accident with the sedan a few yards up the road. 
Henry clipped the biker and sent it flying into the ditch, and Logan swerved just in time to avoid striking the back of Henry’s Explorer.  The biker twitched on the ground, unmindful of its missing right arm, and slowly sat up.  
Henry continued driving at a slow pace, eyeing the accident scene of the motorcycle versus sedan.  A teenage girl was hanging halfway out the window.  It was obvious who bit who in that scenario.
“Henry, can you think of anyplace that’s far enough away that might have fewer people… or dead things?” Jayden asked.  “Maybe we can start there.  At least long enough to stretch our legs, go to the bathroom, eat, and try and figure out what to do next.”
Henry shook his shoulders and tried to think.
“Hey,” Jayden said.  “What about those cranberry bogs out past Rapids?  They go on for miles.  If we went there, we’d be able to see a long ways away.”
“Yeah,” Sam agreed.  “You’re right.  All we have around here is woods.  We never know when we’ll run into the next herd of dead things.”
Henry nodded.  “Good idea, Jayden.”  
He pulled over to the side of the road and waited for the others.  Ever since they had lost Logan’s group, they had each kept a closer eye on the other.  Logan pulled up alongside of them.
“What’s up?” Cayden said.  
Henry told them what they had decided.  It was clear the others were happy for some sort of decision to have been made.  
“But first,” Henry added, “we have to fill up our tanks again.”
Everyone looked at each other with dread.  They didn’t want to relive what had happened at Deke’s place.  
“There’s an old truck stop not far from here,” Henry said.  “We’ll try that.”
The little caravan drove off, and half an hour later, they were on the frontage road to the state highway.  A small gas station, which had seen better days before the highway had become a four-lane road, was up just ahead.  Henry told his group that beyond this station was a new, large truck stop close to an exit ramp.  They would be wise to avoid that one.
They pulled into the parking lot.  Weeds grew up in the cracks of the asphalt surface.  Jayden thought that even if it was the end of the world, this place should have closed a long time ago.  A metal sign proclaiming, Smoker’s Choice Rolling Tobacco, swayed in the wind.  It squealed noisily as though begging for oil.  It sounded unnaturally loud in the silent landscape.
“There’s a-” Emily hesitated.  “A zombie.” She spit out the last word as though it had sullied her mouth.
Ryhs sighed and readied the shotgun he had propped up against the door.  “I’ve got a feeling we’re going to have to get used to this in a hurry.”
“We need b-b-better weapons,” Sam said, also readying his weapon.  “I mean, guns are great, but now we know that s-s-sound draws them near.”
Sam’s stutter was like a barometer.  It measured his anxiety, even if he wasn’t aware he had just done it.  But Jayden knew, and she felt a sudden pang.  Sam’s embarrassment over his affliction was never far from his conscious thought.  Unless his mind was otherwise preoccupied like now.  She rested her head on his arm, took a silent moment to love him, and then let go.  You could never be sure of your last chance to say goodbye.     
Henry motioned to Logan’s group to get ready. 
 “Cayden, give me your bat,” Henry said.  
Cayden was all too ready to do as he was asked, handing it over through the open window.  Logan stepped out and prepared his crossbow, and then both men headed toward the pumps thirty feet away. 
What used to be a man in his fifties, shuffled toward them.  His bibs were torn and bloodied, and a lop-sided John Deere cap hung precariously on his head.  Half of his neck was chewed open, and the blood on his clothes looked more brown than red, suggesting he had turned last night instead of today.
“Looks like a local,” Henry said with a hint of regret in his voice.  “I really hate to do this, but-” He ran the last few yards with his bat readied, stopped, and swung with all his strength at the head.  A sickening Crunch! filled the air, and the ex-local fell to the ground.
Another dead thing appeared from the open garage area.  It was growling and hissing as it made its way toward them.  Logan aimed and fired, and the bolt struck the man squarely in the forehead.  Another shuffler down.  Logan walked up to it, read the name tag, and said, “Elmer won’t be killing no more bunnies.”
“You’re sick!” Lauren said, walking up behind him.  
Logan turned around.  “You surprise me, Lauren.  I never thought you had any sympathy for anyone but yourself.”
“I don’t!” she said, squatting down beside the dead employee.  “But I’ll be damned if that isn’t a Timex.  Here,” she said, removing it from the dead thing and holding it out to Logan, “it’s just your style.”
“You know,” Cayden said, stepping up beside her, “you’ve got blood on you.  I have a feeling that whatever all these dead things have can be spread by bodily fluids.  But hey, don’t let me stop you from doing what you do best.  Now that you got a man down, why don’t you just go at it?  At least this one won’t turn you down.”
Lauren looked at her hand and dropped the watch.  She jumped up, ran to the car, and retrieved a bottle of water.  She poured it over her hand, a look of disgust on her face. 
Jayden watched the show.  If anyone from their group had to die, she was hoping it would be Lauren.  The woman was nothing but trouble.  She also thought it was interesting how Ryhs looked on with a knowing look.  He seemed about to say something, thought better of it, and then turned away.    
Henry and Logan killed three more dead things while Ryhs and Cayden gassed up the SUVs.  The shufflers had come out from behind a red pickup on the far side of the station.  
Ryhs spied a utility trailer close by and told Henry the Explorer could pull it.  It would enable them to carry a lot more supplies.  While they worked on that, Jayden and Sam approached the station and looked through the dingy windows.  No one seemed to be inside, so she opened the glass door slowly, waiting to hear the signature growls and hisses of the shufflers.  Nothing.
Behind her, Sam grabbed the door and opened it wider.  Inside was a display of five-gallon gas cans stacked in a pyramid.    “Those will come in handy,” Jayden said.  She and Sam carried them all to the pumps while Cayden and Ryhs filled them with gas.  They also took all of the food and snacks from the shelves.  
Ryhs and Henry rolled the small utility trailer from a pickup truck over to the Explorer.  They had separated the padlock key from the truck keys still in the ignition, and in a few minutes, they were ready to roll, tanks filled, and a trailer full of extra gas.
Before they drove off, Emily retrieved snacks and drinks and made sure everyone had enough.  “Next time we stop,” she said, “I’ll make us some real food.”
They drove north for two hours and then crossed the Wisconsin River in the small town of Nekoosa.  The air was filled with the sour smell of cabbage and sulfur.  It was the smell of a paper mill, the largest employer in the area.  People had once said it was the smell of money.  But for the past two decades, the paper industry had dwindled in comparison to its former glory.  Fewer people used paper, and more importantly, outsiders now owned the mills.  They were from different states, different countries.  The owners no longer cared what happened to the workers.  
And now, it seemed as though the world no longer cared for the workers, either.  There was no longer anyone to care.  At least, that was how Jayden felt.  Because for a small town, it was amazing how many dead things roamed the streets.  And not a single living human to be found.  They were south of two other cities: Port Edwards and Wisconsin Rapids.  They knew if this small city teemed with the undead, the other two were almost certain to.  They would avoid them at all costs.   
As before, they had to race against time before a large group was encountered.  As long as there were only a dozen or so in any one spot, they could ram their way through.  
Twice they came upon someone who was still alive.  But twice the dead things attacked the victims before they could be helped, ripping them apart.  Their screams trailed the survivors as they sped from town, the sounds haunting each of them, filling them with guilt. 
Henry led them west out of town.  Soon they were surrounded by farm fields that gave way to cranberry bogs.  Long rows of cranberry beds stretched out for almost as long as the eye could see.  Ditches of water surrounded some of them.  In fall, the bogs would be flooded with water.  Beaters would be used to force the berries off the vines, freeing them to float to the surface to be harvested.  Narrow dirt roads ran parallel beside them, and finally, it was on one of these lanes that Henry turned down.
“There’s a trailer down there,” he said, looking south.  “I’m sure it’s just a work trailer and nothing special, but it might afford us a little shelter.  A place where we can rest without too much risk of being attacked.  Of course, we’ll have to post guards.”
They jounced over the lane, came to an intersection, took a right and then a left. 
Henry was right, Jayden thought, studying the trailer as they drew close.  It was an older metal trailer, cream-colored with a wide brown stripe down the middle.  There were a couple of dump trucks at the back that she thought would be useful as lookout towers.  And since it wasn’t harvesting season, it was more than likely that no one would be about right now.
Everyone disembarked the SUVs, and the trailer, dump trucks, and a shed were searched.  As hoped for, they were empty of people-dead or alive.  What was more, there was a fire pit in back of the trailer with several folding chairs nearby.  Emily smiled at Henry, satisfied.  
“It’s a good spot, Henry.  You did a good job.”
Henry put his arm around her.  “It’s good for now, but you know it’s only temporary.”
“I know that,” she said, giving him a peck on the cheek.  “But for now, I’m happy as hell.  Look what I found,” she said, pointing beside her.  “Pots and pans.  Everything I need to cook over an open fire.”  
Ryhs came to stand beside them.  “We should park our cars so it’ll be harder for anyone to see our fire tonight.”
“Good idea,” Henry said.  “Let’s do it now before it gets any darker.”
An hour later, everyone was filling up on canned stew, bread, and lunch meat.  Emily even had a package of cinnamon rolls she divvied up.  “Just wait until breakfast,” she said.  “We’ve got eggs and bacon.  I can even make an omelet or two if you want.”
Jayden, Sam, and Ryhs took the first watch.  Logan and Henry offered to take the next.  Logan nominated Cayden to assist, and he grudgingly accepted.  
“We’ll all have to take turns,” Henry said.  “There’s just no getting around it.”  He looked at Lauren, who was studying her chipped nails in dismay.  
“What are you looking at, pops?” 
Henry shook his head.  “Never mind, princess.  We need someone we can count on.  But you need to understand something.  If you don’t contribute, you leave.  Simple as that.”
Lauren rolled her eyes.  “Right!  Whatever.”
Emily nudged Henry before he could say anything else.  “Not now,” she whispered.  She knew that sooner or later, Lauren Bowers would be gone.  It was just a matter of how and when.  And good riddance, too.  
Aside from those on guard, the group slept soundly.  And because the trailer and shed were as filthy as they thought they would be, everyone slept on the ground.  They only had two blankets and pillows from the shelter, but they made do.  They fell asleep to the songs of frogs and crickets.
Jayden and Sam each took a dump truck to stand guard on.  They sat on the roof of the cabs, searching for any sign of light from passing vehicles or nearby houses they may have missed during the day.  Ryhs scouted the area on foot, and then later climbed up to join Jayden.
A soft breeze blew, and the only light was from the small campfire that was kept low in the hope that others would not see it.  Ryhs had kept the fire burning by adding wood from the stacked pile near the shed.  He knew that come morning, Em would want her cook fire. 
Jayden scooted over to give Ryhs room.  
“See anything off?” she said.
“Nope.  You?”
“Nothing.  Not one single car.  You would think someone would be out driving around.”
Ryhs shrugged.  “Maybe they’re doing what we’re doing.”
“Maybe.”  Jayden looked around, appreciating the warm night air.  “We’re going to have to find some camping supplies.  Lying down there with no sleeping bags or blankets won’t last for long.”
She looked up at the partly cloudy sky that now hid most of the moon.  She was bone tired, but when she pushed the small button on her wristwatch, it told her they still had a bit to go before waking up the relief shift. And now that she had been alone and able to relax, the enormity of what they had been through was hitting her head on.  Yet part of her still held back. She supposed that was the shock.  It had a way anesthetizing you, keeping the full emotional impact at bay.
“I’m sorry about your wife and little girl,” she said.  
Ryhs did not answer at first.  After a while he said, “And you lost your parents, and sister, wasn’t it?”
“Lexi,” Jayden said.  “And my aunt and uncle, cousins…   And by the looks of it, it seems we have lost a lot more than that.  Other family members, friends, acquaintances.”
Ryhs spit out a piece of a long blade of grass he had been chewing on.  “I’ll ask Henry and the others to wait until we’ve slept before having a meeting.  We’ve got to figure out what to do next.”
“Right.  We can’t camp out in the middle of a cranberry marsh forever.”
“I was trying to think of places we’d be safe,” Ryhs said.  “A lot depends on how many of those dead things there are.  If we find some decent people it would help out with security.”
“When we find a safe place to stay, we need to stock it with tons of food and provisions.  Lots of ammo.  Fresh water.”
They both looked toward each other and said simultaneously, “Sanitation.”
They kind of laughed, and then Jayden asked something she wasn’t going to. But curiosity was one of her traits she swore would get her in trouble one day.  “What’s the story with Lauren Bowers?  Care to share?”
She almost thought the quiet man was either going to ignore her or tell her to mind her own business.   Finally he said, “She is someone I never wanted to know.  She is-was-my wife’s boss and friend.  She kind of reminds me of that obsessed woman from the movie...  Can’t remember the name of it now, but she thought she could control any man she wanted to.  Long story short: She came onto me in the men’s bathroom, I politely turned her down, and then she decided to bum a ride with us by asking my wife.  I didn’t tell Karen because she had to work with her.  I was hoping the whole incident would go away.  But just before all this went down, she told my wife in the car that she was pregnant with my child.”
“What?” Jayden said.  “And you seriously never had anything to do with her?”
“I told you no and I meant no,” he said matter-of-factly.  “But that wasn’t the worst part.  Karen wasn’t sure if she believed me or Lauren.  She died doubting me. And all along, that woman down there flaunts it in my face.”
“She does act like you two have a history.”
“We have a history, all right, but not the kind she would have anyone imagine.”
“So you want her gone as soon as possible?  You aren’t the only one.  Katie told me what a pain she was in the car. Wanting to go back to those guys in the trucks at Deke’s.”
“Really.”  Ryhs thought about that.  “They can have her.”
“Yep. That’s what I think.  But we can’t just drop her off somewhere on the side of the road.  At least not quite yet.  But she is trouble, and that is the last thing we need. I’m thinking if we come across a group that doesn’t want to join up with us, she can go with them.”
“Fine by me,” he said, getting ready to slide off the truck.  “I’m going to wake our relief.  Nice talking to you.”
“You, too.”  
Jayden yawned, barely able to keep her eyes open.  When Logan came to take his turn at watch, she climbed down, laid near the fire, and fell fast asleep.



Chapter 14



Jayden woke up with a screaming headache.  It was mid-morning and she figured she’d slept long enough, but it was the quality of sleep, not the quantity, that interfered with her mood.  The ground was hard, the night air damp with dew, and she missed her own pillow and blankets.  In fact, she missed anyone’s pillow or blanket.  And she wanted to tell everyone to stop talking so loud.  If Em scraped and banged that cast iron pot one more time, she was going to go ballistic.              Someone plopped down on the ground beside her.  She opened one eye.  It was Sam.
“Good morning, sunshine!”
Jayden opened both eyes and glared at her brother.  
“What’s good about it?”
“We’re alive?”
She did not respond.
“You have approximately nine hours left of daylight to make yourself pretty?”  He lifted up a strand of her tangled hair and removed the hair band that had fallen out.
Her eyes narrowed in warning. 
“How about this: We’ve been here over twelve hours, and still no sign of shufflers.  I’d say that makes today a good day.”
“So is that your official name for them?  Shufflers?  Whatever happened to zombies?”
“Oh, come on.  Everybody knows they don’t exist.  Besides, shufflers shuffle.  I’d say that makes shufflers an accurate term.”
She punched him in the arm.  “You are so weird.”
“Yeah, but I made you laugh, didn’t I?  And you’re awake for Em’s breakfast.  Hurry up and go pee.  You’re making everyone wait.”
She sat up and rubbed her eyes.  It was true.  Everyone was awake and waiting on her so they could eat.  
“Just go and eat, already,” she said.  “You don’t have to wait for me.”
Emily held out a comb for Jayden.  She took it and went to use the chemical toilet in the trailer.  When she looked in the mirror and saw what a mess she was, she started yanking on her hair until every other word was an expletive.  She finally fashioned a decent pony tail, splashed water on her face, and rinsed her mouth out with the property owner’s mouthwash.
She looked in the mirror one last time.  Almost immediately, she averted her eyes.  They looked haunted, as though they belonged to someone else.  It was almost as if she could literally see a tsunami wave rushing toward her, threatening to bowl her over with images of her parents and sister.  A surfer rode the highest wave, carrying a sign which read, Guilty as charged!  Then he turned the sign over and it read, You should be dead, too!  
She turned away and told the voices in her head to shut up.  
When she joined the others around the fire, she hoped her expression was sufficiently free of any vestige of what she had been feeling.  They all were going through the same thing, and she didn’t want anyone to know how completely weak and vulnerable she felt right now.  If she had any control over her emotions, she would bury them alive.    
Emily began to serve breakfast on paper plates.  They had to use paper cups for coffee and juice but no one seemed to mind.  She dished out seconds, and while this serving was eaten slower, they began to talk.
“Mrs. Westover,” Katie began, “that was so-”
“Call me Em, Katie,” Emily interrupted.  “’Mrs.’ makes me feel too old.  Or like I belong to Henry like I’m one of his cows.”  She winked at Henry and then sobered when she saw his expression.  Cattle might be things to some people, but to Henry, they were his friends.  
Jayden gave Henry a sympathetic smile.
“I was thinking, Em,” Katie began, “and I know this probably isn’t too smart, but I really want to go and see if any of my family is still at home.  Maybe they died.  They should be buried.  It isn’t right to let them just lie there.”  She trailed off, her lips trembling, trying not to cry.
Emily didn’t know what to say.  
“We all want to do the right thing,” Jayden said.  “We’ve all lost someone, after all.  But chances are they’re still walking around, you know?  One of those… things.”
Katie nodded and looked down.  
“I know.  I guess I was just kind of hoping...” 
She glanced at Sam to see what his opinion was.  It was obvious he felt the same way his sister did.
For a few moments, everyone was quiet, each lost in their own painful memories.  Only Lauren seemed immune to pain, but for once, she had the presence of mind to keep her mouth shut.
“This has been a nice place to stop and rest,” Henry said, “but we can’t stay here for long.  Eventually, if the dead things stay-”
“Dead?  Alive?” Cayden said with a grin.  “Sounds like an oxymoron to me.”
Katie huffed. “You’re a moron.”
“Then eventually,” Henry continued, drowning out the other two’s voices, “they will either come here, or more likely, we will run out of supplies and winter will come.  I don’t think we want to spend it in that little trailer.”
Logan leaned forward.  “I propose we go someplace warmer.”
“Yeah!” Sam said.  “Only thing is, you’ve seen the highways.  They’re full of traffic and dead things.  We need to find s-s-some good local maps and take the county roads.”
“Or if we can’t find those, a simple compass will do,” Em said.  “Eventually, we’ll find ourselves out of Wisconsin and heading to wherever we want to go.” 
“And on the way, we can see if the same thing happened in bigger cities, like Madison or Milwaukee,” Ryhs said. 
“Exactly,” Em said.  “Odds are in our favor that a lot more people survived like we did.  And I refuse to believe that they’re all like the men in the trucks at Deke’s.”
“And if there are survivors,” Jayden said, “by now they’d have to be thinking along the same lines we are.  Either that or they are like the ones at Deke’s.  I have a feeling guys like that will try to be the next big dictators.”
Lauren started to protest but Ryhs interrupted her.
“I think we should get a couple more vehicles.  Maybe a large van or truck, or both, so we can carry a lot of supplies with us.  Even if a small percentage of people survived, the stores will soon be picked clean, so we need to get as much as we can.”
“And fill up on the stuff that spoils fast because who knows how long it will be before we taste the good stuff again,” Em said.
“We also have to think about self-protection,” Sam said.  “We’re going to find ourselves in some tight spots.  We have to know what to do.  How to fight.  How to kill effectively.”
Katie’s eyes widened in fear.  Again, she was sliding her cross back and forth on its chain.  “I have no idea how to do any of that!”
“Don’t worry,” Sam said.  “I’ll teach you.  You’re young and s-s-strong.  You’ll catch on just fine.”
“Thanks,” Emily said.  “What about the old farts like me and Henry?  I suppose you think we’ll be the first to die?”  She said it with a smile but her eyes showed fear.  
Henry made a small hmmmpphh sound.  “Don’t worry, Em.  I can still carry my own, and so can you, if need be.”
“Besides,” Jayden said, “you two are the voice of experience.  No one’s going to let anything happen to either of you.” She threw her paper plate into the fire and looked up at the sky that was becoming more overcast.  “I think it’s going to rain today.  I just hope it’s the real thing and not that acidic stuff we had the other night.”
“Yeah, talk about freaky shit going down,” Cayden said. 
Jayden hesitated, then said, “How many of you remember hearing voices coming from...” She shook her head in confusion.  “I don’t know.  It was like it was coming from the wind or the trees, maybe the sky?”
“Or your mind?” Lauren said, laughing.  
Jayden ignored her, and Sam nodded in agreement.  “I remember,” he said.  “We both looked at each other when it started happening.  The first I heard was when the wind was coming through the trees.”
“That’s right,” Jayden said.  “It did, and then it was all around us.  I remember thinking... and then I pushed the thought from my mind.  Because all of a sudden that rain was falling and it felt like acid.  And then Mom and Dad were being attacked.” 
Sam nodded and waited for her to continue.
“And then we saw you and your family, Ryhs.  We came to help you.”
Ryhs looked away.  At that moment, Jayden felt an overwhelming sense of compassion for him.  It was clear his wife and child had meant the world to him.
“I’m sorry I said that I regretted saving you.  I just wish I could have saved my family, too.”
“I know,” he said.  He looked at her, saw her hesitation, and said again, “I know.”  He looked like he was about to speak but was unsure of what to say.  He ended up saying nothing.   
“Jayden, you said you remembered thinking something,” Henry prodded.  “What was it?”
She looked up and stared into his eyes.  “You and I have had some very interesting conversations throughout the years, Henry.  I never stopped wondering about the Indian legend of the Manitou.  It’s something I’ve always... felt, for lack of a better word.”
“What’s that?” Logan asked, clearly interested.
She paused for a moment.  
“It’s the idea that everything has an energy or spirit.  Everything that is made of matter, like the trees, rivers, even a rock.  And if you think about it, we know that everything is comprised of atoms.  It’s just how they are arranged that make that a rock,” she said, pointing to the fire ring, “and this a blade of grass.”  She held up a piece of grass.  “Many believe that humans are spiritual beings with a physical body.  Of course, we call it a soul. I don’t know if matter has a soul, but I do believe it has an energy.  Everything does.”
Henry nodded.  “You have believed that since you were little.”
“You were like our own child, Jayden.” Emily said.  “And you, too, Sam.”
“At first, I thought your ideas were like a made-up fairytale,” Henry said.  “And then I got to reading some Indian lore, and there it was.  I talked to your dad and uncle.  Neither of them remembered ever putting that idea into your head.”
Jayden shrugged.  “It doesn’t matter.  Who knows if it’s right?  It can’t be proven, anyway.  It’s just that...”
“What?” Henry said.
“When I heard the wind.  No, it wasn’t just the wind I heard.  I’ve been there long enough to know the difference.  Those were whispers I heard.  And then the rain started.”
“I remember,” Sam agreed.  “I heard them, too.”
Logan made an impatient gesture with his fingers.  “Go on, Jayden.  Where does all this lead to?”
“Well, it might sound crazy but what about this whole thing isn’t?  I think Mother Nature got pissed.  Or the collective Manitou of the planet, I don’t know.  But I think It got sick and tired of how our species has treated our world with such blatant disregard and selfish arrogance.”
Cayden threw his cigarette butt into the coals.  “So you think the Grand Poobah-”
“Gitche Manitou,” Logan interjected.
“-is behind all this?” Cayden asked.  “Smokin’ far out, man!”
“Watch it!” Emily said.  “If this group is going to make it, we are going to have to show each other some respect.”
“I didn’t say I didn’t respect her,” Cayden said, getting to his feet.  “I just think it’s pretty mind altering.  To think all this was done to us.  Can’t say as I blame Mother Nature.  She’s a freakin’ awesome babe!”  He turned and started walking away.
“Where you going, Cayden?” Logan asked.
“Gotta take a leak, Mr. A.  Rather not do it in the stinking portable john in the trailer.”
Everyone laughed, including Jayden, but she was still deep in thought.  
“That’s an interesting idea,” Ryhs said.  “And I suppose it’s just as valid as any other point that anyone else can make.  But maybe we should discuss it another day.  Right now, I’m anxious to get going.”
“Me, too,” Logan said.  “The sooner we get more vehicles and lots, I mean tons, of supplies, the better I’ll feel.”
Henry glanced at Jayden and smiled.  “Another day, then?”
“Another day,” she said.  “Didn’t mean to monopolize the conversation.  I just can’t stop thinking of those whispers, the rain, and how it all began.”  She stood up and began throwing all the garbage into the fire.  Except for the plastic utensils: those she bagged up and put in the trailer.  
“Listen up,” Henry said.  “I think we should go to the casino.  There’s a big gas station and convenience store there.  I’m thinking there might be some vehicles we can use.  If the power is still running, we can gas up and see if there’s anything else we can take.  Everyone agree?”
Everyone nodded or voiced their consent, and soon they were headed back to the county road.  Instead of turning toward the small town they had passed the day before, they turned west.  After a while they came to the Indian gaming casino with a large gas station and convenience store near it. 
Several vehicles were in the parking lot of both businesses, along with several dead things walking around.  The gas station had the smallest crowd.  
Henry stopped alongside the road and Logan pulled up beside him.  “What do you propose, Henry?” Logan said.
“See that nice Silverado over there?”  He nodded to the far end of the parking lot.  “I want it.  It’s got the extra seating we need, along with a nice hitch.  The driver’s door is open, so maybe the poor guy got attacked and left the keys in the ignition.”
“I’ll run and check it out,” Logan said.  
Henry started to protest, but Logan said, “You and Em are the voices of reason, remember?  I’ll get in there and get out.  Just be a sec.”  He gunned the Escape and drove into the parking lot, squealing to a stop beside the pickup.  A moment later, Henry and his group watched as Logan opened the passenger door, pulled out a body, and jumped into the cab. 
Cayden scooted over to the driver’s seat of the Escape, turned it around, and came back to the road, just barely missing two shufflers.  The dead things weren’t as lucky with Logan.  He gunned the powerful engine of the black pickup and they disappeared beneath the tires.  
“Gross!” Em said.  She shook her head at the sight of Logan laughing behind the wheel and Cayden doing the same.  “Are you sure you want that kid driving our Escape?” she asked Henry.
“Why not?” he said.  “If something happens to it, we’ll just get another.” 
“Okay,” she said.  “Now what are we going to do about them?”  She nodded to the group of shufflers coming toward them.  There were at least a dozen, and from the field separating the station from the casino, another large group was heading their way.  “There’s got to be at least a hundred there!”
“How much gas in that thing?” Henry shouted to Logan.
Logan looked down and then gave the thumbs-up sign.  “Three-quarters full!  Which way we headed?”
Henry thought about it and ended up deciding the way they had come was the best way back.  Honestly, he didn’t know this area very well, and if he wasn’t careful, he’d lead his friends into an area they might get lost in.  That wasn’t something he wanted to do.  
“Back the way we came,” he said.  “Another day’s gone by.  Maybe the dead things have dispersed a bit.”
“Zombies,” Emily said.  “Just call them what they are: Zombies!”
“Oh, good Lord,” Henry sighed in exasperation.  “How the hell did we ever end up living in a world that came straight out of a stupid horror movie?  Zombies!  That just sounds so damn stupid!”
“It is what it is,” Ryhs said.
“Sam calls them shufflers,” Jayden said.  “But it doesn’t matter what we call them.  It’s not going to change the way the world is.”  
Henry jockeyed the Explorer around and drove back the way they had come.  This time, Cayden drove behind in the Escape, and Logan followed in the Silverado.  
When they reached Nekoosa, there were fewer shufflers about, but the group did not feel comfortable stopping there.  Besides, they still had enough gas to get them farther away.  Henry knew of another station he felt more comfortable taking them to.  
When they reached it an hour later, the group disposed of seven dead things.  It was an out-of-the way gas station with a bar next door.  Jayden and Sam used their handguns to kill the shufflers, and then all of the vehicles were gassed up.  They finished up by loading as much food and supplies as they could into the back of Logan’s truck.  They had even found several sleeping bags to pack. 
“Hey, Logan!” Sam said.  “You feeling a bit lonely in there by yourself?”
Logan shook his shoulders.  “I’m fine.”
“Cayden, you mind if I drive the Escape?  That way you can keep Logan company and ride shotgun.”
Cayden’s face fell.  He had enjoyed driving the SUV.  But he did have to admit, if only to himself, that he would have felt more comfortable with his friend.  “I suppose,” he said slowly.  “But if I’m going to ride shotgun, I could use one, don’t you think?”
“You’re right,” Ryhs said.  “But wait until we give you a few lessons.  Everybody needs to know how to shoot.  And while we’re at it, anyone willing and strong enough, should learn the bow and arrow.”
“Sam and I are pretty good with the bow and arrow,” Jayden said.  “But not the crossbow.  And I need to feel more comfortable with a knife.”
Ryhs nodded.   “There are going to be a lot of instances when we can’t use guns.  Or we run out of ammo.”
“Aren’t you the voice of doom?” Lauren said from inside the Escape.
Everyone ignored her. 
Henry and Ryhs told the group that they had a lot of experience with all weapons and would be happy to train.  
“But once again,” Jayden said, “we have to find a safe place.  Any ideas Henry?”
“Maybe.  How about any large place of business that has a tall cyclone fence?  Especially if there’s barbed wire on top.”
Jayden nodded.  “It would work as long as we have a way out.”
“So, are we all in agreement?” he asked.  “We drive south, find safe places to stay at night, and keep driving?”
Everyone agreed.  
“And remember,” Henry cautioned, “if you see anyone, we use the cell phones.”  They had found another behind the counter of the gas station.  All three vehicles now had one, and Emily had written down all of their numbers, programed them in, and passed them out for each car.  They were even able to find chargers to use in the vehicles.  
“Thank God, we haven’t seen those guys in the trucks again,” Sam said.
“Henry?” Katie said, her voice going up a notch.  “I see someone!”
Everyone turned in the direction Katie pointed.  A splotch of red drew closer from the direction they had come from.  
“Everybody get inside and get ready to drive off,” Henry said.
They all piled inside a vehicle and waited for the red car to come closer.  A few hundred yards away, the driver of the red car laid on the horn.   Someone from the front passenger seat was waving their arm out the window.
Jayden readied her gun and watched the vehicle approach.  She wondered at how quickly they had all learned to be on guard, trusting no one.  She hoped the new people were safe.  She just didn’t want to kill another thing, even if they were in the process of changing.  
Something told her she had better get used to it.  If she didn’t, she or someone else she loved would die.  
The car glided to a stop a few yards away.
Jayden got out of the Explorer, held the door open as a shield between herself and the strangers, and aimed.
That was when the passenger jumped out screaming and ran toward them. 



Chapter 15



“Don’t shoot!  Please, hold your fire!”  A young woman ran toward them with her arms raised high.  They were covered with blood.   
“Stop!” Jayden shouted.  “Stop right where you are!”
At first it did not appear that the woman had heard Jayden’s commands.  Then, as if suddenly realizing a gun was drawn and aimed at her, she faltered and almost fell.
“Please!” she said.  “You’ve got to help him!  My husband.  He’s hurt.”
“Stay right where you are,” Jayden yelled.  “What’s wrong with your husband?  Is he bleeding?  Was he bit?”
The woman’s face scrunched in confusion as though three questions were more than she could handle at once.  “Bit?” she asked in confusion.  “No, not bit.”  She shook her head, her dark brown hair falling in a long stringy mess across her face.  A bloody hand cleared her eyes, while the second hand tried to reign in her wayward hair.
“Please,” she begged, walking three steps closer.  Her large brown eyes narrowed in fear, and she turned around and searched the road behind them.  “They might be coming to finish us off.  You have to help us!”
“I said stop!” Jayden repeated.  “You stay right where you are and tell us exactly what happened.  Now!”
The woman looked scared and confused, as though fighting an internal battle.  She watched Henry, Logan, and Sam slowly emerge from their vehicles and take up a stance similar to Jayden’s.  The woman’s eyes finally cleared.  She looked hopeful.
“Oh, thank God, you’re armed!  There’s horrible people back there.”  
She motioned behind her with her right arm.  It had several tattoos, and the blood was beginning to dry to a duller shade of red.
“I’m Heather James.  Billy’s hurt really bad.  We were trying to get away, and one of ‘em knifed him when we were trying to leave.”  Her face crumpled up, and this time she did not try to stop the tears.  “He’s gonna bleed to death if you don’t help him.”
There was a loud Thunk! and a  Screech!  The driver’s door began to open.  
“Show your hands!” Henry shouted.
They saw a trembling hand rise and then fall from view.  A moment later, a young man struggled to rise.  His face was ashen, and his head was covered in loose, light brown curls.  His gray t-shirt was soaked with blood, and then suddenly, the door was flung open as he fell to the ground.
“Billy!” Heather cried.  She ran to him and threw herself on the ground beside him.  “Do something!” she screamed.  “If you don’t help him, he’s gonna die!”
Jayden lowered her gun and sprinted to the couple on the ground.  Ryhs and Sam followed, circling the couple as Jayden tried to assess the injury.  Heather was close to hysterics.  
“Listen to me,” Jayden said, looking her in the eye.  “Do everything we ask, and it will go faster, okay?”
Heather’s chin quivered as she bit down on her lower lip.  She drew blood. 
“Stand up and walk back a couple feet.” 
Heather slowly nodded, and then she stood and stepped back.
“First, show us your arms, legs, and torso.  We need to make sure you weren’t bitten.”
Heather did as she was told, and before being asked, she did the same for her husband.  Her movements were quick, but awkward, as she tried to raise his blue jeans up over his calves.  He moaned, and fresh blood seeped through his t-shirt over his left shoulder.
“Get back,” Jayden said.  She kneeled before the man and used her knife to tear his shirt away.  A deep slash an inch wide bubbled over with blood. 
Henry yelled for Em to bring everything needed for a knife wound.  A short time later, she was kneeling beside Jayden, pressing gauze pads over the cut.  She washed the wound with a bottle of water, added more gauze, and told Jayden to apply pressure.  Billy moaned, his eyelids fluttered, and then he was unconscious.
“It’s deep,” Emily said, “but I think the subclavian artery is okay.”
“Hurry,” Heather whispered.  “Help him, and then we have to get out of here.  They’ll come after us.”
“Who?” Jayden said.  
“They locked us in a shed because they thought we sold ‘em bad weed.  They beat Billy and raped me.  Made him watch.”  She sniffed and looked away, reliving the nightmare.  “Later, we heard a big fight going on.  Guns going off.  Screaming.
“The shed’s a piece of crap.  We didn’t think anyone was guarding us, so Billy pried the door apart and we ran to the first car we saw.  I can’t believe the damn thing had keys in it. Then the head guy, he comes running after us, yelling for us to let him in.  Billy locked the doors, but his window was down.  Malik stabbed him.  He was gonna do it again, too, but Billy hit the gas and we got out of there.”
“Heather,” Ryhs said.  “Do you remember if the knife was clean or not?”
Heather’s eyebrows furrowed.  “How the hell could I remember that?”
“I want to know if it was shiny or if it had blood on it.”
“I can’t remember!  How the hell would I know?”
“Okay,” Ryhs said, taking a different route.  “Did you see the people the group was fighting with?  Did you know them?”
“No!  I didn’t even look.  We just saw the car and ran like hell to get out of there.”
Ryhs eyed his friends.  “I think there’s a chance that the people who held these two captive were attacked by the dead things.  If this Malik guy was fighting them off, he may have used his knife.  The same knife he used to cut Billy here.”
“In which case,” Jayden said, “he could be infected.”
“Infected?  Infected with what?” Heather said.  “What are you talking about?”
Sam returned from the Explorer carrying a clean button-down shirt.  Emily and Heather dressed Billy.  Heather kept glaring at them, demanding answers with her eyes.  Small gold rings decorated her ears and eyebrow.  A tiny sapphire was in her nostril.  She had an elastic hair round that she used to put her long hair back into a pony tail.  Both she and her husband had several tattoos on their arms and chest.  
“How long were you and Billy held hostage?” Jayden said.
Heather shook her head slowly and then shrugged her shoulders.  “I’m not sure.  Couple of days maybe.  It all sort of runs together.”  Tears streaked down her dirty face, and Emily gently wiped them away with gauze.
“In which case, you really don’t know what’s happened.”
“What are you talking about?” Heather said, stroking her husband’s hand.
Those people who were fighting with the ones who held you captive...  I think they were the dead things.   Two days ago there was a storm.  People went crazy and started eating people-”
“What?” Heather interrupted.  “You mean like zombies?”
“We call them shufflers, dead things-” Jayden said.
“Zombies!” Em said.  “That’s what I call them.”
Heather laughed.  It was a strange and slightly crazy sound.  “You really expect me to believe that?”
“Look around,” Ryhs said.  “Do you see any traffic?  This thing went down so fast, we think most people are either dead or they’re walking around dead.  The only thing they seem to do is eat people.”
“Then why do you call them shufflers,” she demanded, as though catching them in a lie.
“Because that’s how they move,” Jayden said.  “They shuffle their feet when they walk.  It’s like most of their brain is dead.  Like they don’t have a whole lot of balance and coordination going on.  Or any intelligence.  It’s like they’re on auto pilot.  All they want to do is eat.”
Heather looked down at her husband.  “So you say if he’s infected, he’s going to turn into one of those things?”
Jayden nodded.  
“When?”
“We don’t know,” Jayden said.  “We have a feeling everyone could be different.  But it could happen soon.  And some don’t seem to change at all.  We’ve seen many dead people.  Left in their cars or lying there after they were fed on.  We don’t have many answers.  But your husband there?  Billy?  We have to take precautions in case he does change.”
“And do what?  I have his blood on me.  What makes you think I won’t change?  Or you, for that matter?  You got his blood on you, too.”
Emily’s face blanched.  “You got a point there, Heather.  But so far, it seems that you have to be bitten.  You know, get it into your body.”
Henry cleared his throat.  “We need to put him in the back cargo space.  We got that wire dog gate that’ll separate him from us.”
“I’m going with him,” Heather said, tightening her grip on Billy’s hand.  “There’s no way I’m not.”
“That’s fine,” Jayden said.  “But we’ve got to hurry.  He could change, and even if he doesn’t, there’s no telling if any of your captors will come looking for you.”
“Oh, I guarantee you he will.  Even if he’s the last one alive.  He’s crazy, and from what I hear, he’s like a bloodhound.  He’ll never stop till he gets even.”
“Did you?” Sam asked.  
“What?”
“Did you sell him bad weed?”
“Of course,” she said.  “A little ditch weed never hurt no one.”
“It hurt you,” Jayden said.
“Enough talk,” Logan said, coming around and taking hold of Billy’s feet.  “Let’s get him in the car.”  He glanced at Cayden and Katie, who were fashioning a makeshift bed in the back of the Explorer.  “Make sure you search them before they go in the car.  I don’t want any of their crap coming with us.”
Jayden and Ryhs nodded.  They searched both of the newcomers and found nothing.
After Billy was placed in the back, his hands were tied with ripped pieces of cloth from a pillowcase.  Heather hopped in back with her husband, despite having very little room to get comfortable. 
“Remember,” Emily said.  “If Billy turns, he’s going to bite you.  Or worse.  You still sure you want to be next to him?”
Heather nodded, her expression resolute.
Everyone got in their vehicles after first ascertaining they would follow Henry.  If anything happened to Billy or Heather, they would be able to see and react.  
“You better watch for Malik,” Heather said softly.  “He comes after us? We’re all dead.”
Jayden turned and saw that the woman was staring off into space again. Something in her expression made Jayden’s skin crawl.



Chapter 16



 Jayden watched Katie jump in the front seat of the Escape with Sam.  It was obvious the girl had a crush going on but she didn’t want to see the girl get hurt.  Sam was a laid-back, red-necky sort of guy.  He loved hunting and fishing, smoking and drinking.  And right now he was between jobs with no clue of what he wanted to do with the rest of his life. 
Katie, on the other hand, was a sheltered and spoiled girl, used to getting what she wanted.  She was a cheerleader and hung with the jocks.  She was also very religious.  Completely different than Sam.  Chalk one up for the Opposites Attract side.
The world we knew is gone.  
She had a feeling that the only thing that mattered from their past was how it could keep them alive today. 
She glanced at Ryhs.  He seemed preoccupied with his thoughts.  He was staring out his window, absentmindedly turning the wedding band on his finger.  She decided to leave him alone.  Now was not the time to have him open up about the loss of his family.
As far as the new couple in back, all was quiet, except for an occasional groan from Billy.  And off and on, Heather whispered to him in a low voice. So far, the guy wasn’t turning.  If anything, he appeared to be getting better.  He was more alert.
Emily was Henry’s copilot, searching for roads to take.  They had gotten a good map book from the last station.  It had all the county and lesser roads, and Emily was showing Henry, asking which way he wanted to go.  
“I would think,” Henry said, “that we’d be seeing a lot more traffic.  This is a highway, and so far, no one.  Only our friends in the back.”
“It hasn’t been that long,” Emily said.  “I’m thinking most of them must be holed up in their houses.  When they get low on food, that’s when we’ll really see them.”
“What I’m wondering is,” Jayden said, “why are we alive?  So many are gone, not because of being bitten, but because of the rain.  Why didn’t we change?”
Em shook her shoulders.  “Don’t know.”
“I think,” Henry said, “that if it weren’t for the shelter your Uncle Paul made, we’d all be gone, too.  So when you think about it, we just got lucky.”
“He’s right,” Ryhs said.  “You and Henry saved me.  Otherwise I’d be dead, too.”  His blue-gray eyes leveled on Jayden and he stared at her.
Jayden’s breath caught in her throat.  She wasn’t sure if Ryhs was grateful, regretful, or if at this moment he just didn’t give a damn.   But that steady gaze coming from what she now acknowledged as an incredibly handsome face suddenly made her self-conscious.  She became aware of how messy her hair was, how dirty and sweaty she must be.  She forced herself to look away.
“Can you turn up the AC, Henry?” she asked.
Henry did so without answering.  Instead, he acknowledged Em’s suggestion of what route to take.  He straightened in his seat, rolled down his window, and yelled to the others, “Stay close.  We’re going to take a lot of back roads and head toward Madison.”
Lauren yelled from Sam and Katie’s car.  “You mean to tell me that we wasted all our time running up here, and now we’re going south again?  What a waste of time!”
Jayden heard Ryhs laugh to himself.
“You were there when we decided this earlier,” Henry said.  “If you’ve got a fool-proof plan on how to survive this wonderful little world, let me hear it.”  He paused, waiting for Lauren’s answer.  Nothing came forth.   “That’s what I thought.  You find plenty to find fault with, yet you never seem to have anything positive to add.”
Henry closed his window, turned the air conditioner up another notch, and drove off.  He pushed up his glasses and shook his head.  
“That woman’s a piece of work,” Em said.  “First chance we get, she’s gone.”
Em turned partially in her seat.  Jayden thought she was going to ask Ryhs about Lauren.  
“By the way, dear,” Em said, looking at Jayden.  “You must be heartbroken.  You’ve lost so many in your family, but I’ve forgotten to ask you about Nick.”
Jayden froze.  She could feel everyone’s eyes on her, including Heather in the back seat.  Especially Ryhs beside her. 
“I’m so sorry, Jayden.  I didn’t mean to put you on the spot.  Have you tried calling him?  But, of course, you have.  Obviously, you never reached him or you would have said something.”
Em’s faded blue eyes registered sympathy, curiosity, and surprise all in a fleeting moment. 
Never could hide anything from you.  The woman’s a freakin mind reader.
She was also discreet when she wanted to be.  
“We’ll talk later,” she promised, and turned to face forward.
Jayden breathed a silent sigh of relief.  
Until Ryhs said, “Are you married?”  
She could sense him looking at her hand.  No wedding ring but there was an indentation of one recently being there.  
An awkward silence followed.  
“Well,” she said, “if ever there was a good time for an apocalypse, it’s now.”
“What?” Em said, swiveling around.  
Jayden almost spilled her guts but at the last moment decided not to. “Another time, Em.  I promise.”
Em’s face was a mixture of concern and curiosity.  But the concern had lightened considerably, so she was quite sure Em had sensed that the distance between Jayden and Nick had happened before the fallout.  
Jayden jumped when Heather screamed.
“It’s him!  It’s Malik!  He’s gonna kill us all!”
Everyone looked.  Their three vehicles were rounding a wide curve, enabling them to see another vehicle speeding up behind them.  A gray pickup truck.
“That’s the truck from Deke’s,” Henry said.  “Heather, are you sure that’s Malik’s truck?”
“Positive.  Look how he’s driving.  He has the fog lamps on top.”
“It’s not that far from here to Deke’s place,” Ryhs said.  “He could have been there yesterday when we saw the truck and come back to this area.  Heather, how far from where we first saw you to where you guys were kept?”
“Not far.  It was back in the woods someplace.”
“And they kept you how long?”
“I don’t know.  Two or three days, I’m guessing.  It all blends together.” 
Emily spoke up.  “So he most likely already had you guys locked up.  And then maybe he went searching again.  I told you those men in the trucks were bad news.  I think they were after women.”
Henry pulled over onto a dirt road beside a potato field.  The others followed, and it was obvious they had seen the danger as well.  Everyone jumped out and readied themselves with weapons, using the vehicles as shields.
The gray truck squealed to a stop directly in front of them on the macadam road.  Its windows were tinted, and the driver revved the engine, gunning it loudly.
“Hold your fire!” Henry shouted to his friends.  “Wait ‘em out.”
After a few moments, the passenger window slowly rolled opened, and one of the ugliest men Jayden had ever seen, laughed out at them.  He looked tall and very thin, almost emaciated.  Light blue eyes shone with a crazed light.  Frizzy wisps of yellow-gray hair danced around his head.  A few strands still grew near the top but he was almost completely bald.
Jayden looked from behind the Explorer.  From this angle, she could see the passenger very well, but not the driver.  It was obvious the window tinting was not manufacturer issue.  It was way too dark. She glanced in the back of the Explorer but could not see Heather.  The poor girl must be hiding in fear.
The man cackled a high-pitched laugh.  It sent shivers up Jayden’s spine.
“State your business,” Henry shouted.
A sawed-off shotgun appeared in front of the man but it was pointed up.  He slung a bony arm out to rest on the window frame.  The white arm was in stark contrast to the dark gray of the pickup.  A few tattoos embellished his skin.  
“We just want to talk to you,” he said.  His voice was high and whiny.  It held a bit of a southern accent.  “In case you haven’t noticed,” he said, extending his head on his skinny neck in an exaggerated fashion to look ahead and behind them on the road, “there ain’t too many of us left.”  He grinned an almost toothless grin.  
“How many with you?” Henry shouted from beside the SUV.
“Just me and the boss, here.  We figure strength in numbers.  Mind if we tag along?”  Again, the endless grin exposing too few teeth.
“What’re your names?” Henry asked, his voice friendlier.
“You can call me Smithy.  We can provide security for your group.”
“Who’s your friend?”
Smithy did not answer.  His face grew serious and he glanced to his left.  A moment later, the driver’s door opened, and a man appeared on the other side of the hood.  
Jayden almost gasped.  If anyone could immediately embody the term predator, it was this man.  Despite the height of the pickup’s hood, the man towered over it.  She figured he had to be almost 7 feet tall.  He was shirtless, tanned, and large boned.  Muscles rippled below his sweaty skin, and he, too, sported several tattoos.  Pale, ice-blue eyes regarded the small caravan with arrogant disdain, almost dismissing them.  His head was shaved except for the tufts of yellow hair that fashioned his spiked Mohawk.  
With an expression of one swallowing something particularly distasteful, he casually leaned forward over the warm hood of the truck.  His movements were at odds with his appearance: graceful, almost feline.  When he spoke, the bass-tonal words were uttered as if through gravel.  
“Name’s Malik.  Malik Taber.  My friend, Smithy, here, is correct.  I propose security in return for what I need.”  He stared at what he could see of the group, lingering especially long on Jayden.  “Food, shelter, water.  Nothing extravagant.  Think we could come to some sort of arrangement?”
“You the only two?” Henry asked.
“Got a couple more back at camp.  But I happened to see your group.  Thought I’d come and pay a visit.”
Henry paused as though seriously thinking over the man’s offer.  “You got a cell phone?  I can let you know later.  We belong to a much larger group a few miles from here.  I’m thinking we could use you, but I’d have to run it past our leader.”
Malik Taber gave a slight shake of his head and glared at Henry.  
“Do you take me for a fool?”   
Henry did not answer.
“Because I happen to know you don’t belong to anyone but yourselves.  Think I don’t recognize you from... What was it called, Smithy?  Deke’s?”
Smithy nodded like a bobble head.  
He leaned closer over the hood.  “See, I do my homework.  I know you went to the gas station by the casino and practically robbed the place blind.  I know you stayed at the trailer in the cranberry marsh before that.”  Suddenly he was shouting.  “So don’t tell me that you have a large group a few miles from here!” The last few words were spat out.  A large drop of saliva went flying.
Henry stepped back, partially shielded by the Explorer.  The rest of his group did the same.  They all raised and pointed their guns at Malik and Smithy.  
“You need to leave.  Now.” Henry’s voice was calm and firm.  
Malik laughed and shook his head.  He raised his hands in a conciliatory gesture.  “All right.  All right.  I can see that you haven’t taken my offer seriously.  That’s too bad.  I really think we could help each other out.  But no worries.  No worries.  I’ll leave.  Maybe I’ll run into you sometime.”  He stared at Jayden, nodded curtly, and got back in his truck.  
The engine roared as the gas pedal was stomped on. 
Malik made a Y-turn and drove off the way he had come.
The group waited to make sure he was gone, as if frozen in place.  Then everyone was out and talking at once.  Heather was banging on the SUV window, shouting to be let out.  
“That’s him!  That was him!” she yelled.  “He’s the son-of-a-bitch that hurt Billy.  And both of them raped me.”
Jayden’s stomach turned.  The thought of being raped by either of those men made her feel like throwing up.  It also changed her opinion of Heather.  The couple seemed to have gotten themselves in trouble, but no one deserved what had happened to them.  And if nothing else, the woman was loyal and devoted to her husband.  
She thought of Nick and felt a small twinge of guilt.  Maybe he hadn’t quite deserved what she had done to him, either.  But then the twinge disappeared when she remembered that her spouse had not shown her any loyalty or devotion.  
Yet still, there was the matter of having once loved Nick.  Before she discovered his propensity for telling lies and cheating on her.  In her own bed.  Again, she fought the bitterness that clawed at her mind, seeking release.  
Jayden smiled at Heather.  
Heather immediately calmed down, as though recognizing a kindred spirit.  She gave a hesitant smile of her own.
“How are you feeling, Billy?” Jayden said.  
The young man looked frightened, tired, and beat.  But he also looked much better than he had a short time ago.  
“I think I’ll live,” he said.  “Thanks to you guys.”
Jayden nodded in acceptance.
“Let’s go!” Henry shouted.  “Before they come back with reinforcements.  We’re going to change roads often, so stay close and pay attention.”
The group drove away at a fast clip. 
Henry was right, Jayden thought.  They changed roads often, and Emily was busy highlighting the maps in yellow, sometimes crossing a stretch off when she changed her mind, and then highlighting another route.  But always, they drove in a south, south-westerly direction.  
By the time it was two hours shy of sundown, they had found a place to spend the night. 
Maybe we could spend a few days here, Jayden thought.  Or weeks.   
The place looked perfect for what they needed.
While meandering the back roads of a mostly rural area, they had come across what looked to be a rich owner’s compound.  From their perspective on the narrow road, the beautiful stone and wood two-story mansion was surrounded by acres of mown grass and lush trees and gardens.  A tall black metal fence protected the property.  Even better, the owner obviously hadn’t cared if his neighbors considered him unfriendly.  Three strands of electrified barbed wire sat atop the fence.
Henry stopped in front of the stone pillars that supported the entry gate.  To the left of the drive, a stone guardhouse sat behind the fence.      
“What do you think?” Henry asked.  “Think it’s good enough for us?”
Em smiled and so did Jayden.  
“You both done good,” Jayden said.  
“Now to see if anyone’s home,” Ryhs said.  “I have a feeling we could be in luck.”
They all got out, except for Heather and Billy.  Everyone was cautiously optimistic.  Cayden sauntered up to the guardhouse and shouted.  “Hellloooo!”  His greeting was met with silence.  
“We don’t have much time before it gets dark,” he said.  “We need to get inside and make sure it’s safe.  I’m small.  Help me over.  I should be able to open the gates from inside the guardhouse.”
“And how do you propose we get you over?” Logan asked, walking up beside Cayden.  
“See that tree?” Cayden pointed to the huge oak inside the property.  Some of its thick limbs straddled over the drive and gate.  “We throw a rope up and over, and you guys hitch me up.  I’ll be over and inside in a minute.”
Logan raised his eyebrows.  “You got moxie, kid.  I’ll give you that.”
Cayden looked pleased.  It wasn’t often he was complimented.
Sam and Katie rummaged in back of their SUV until they found a nylon rope.  A heavy-duty clip was attached at one end.  
Cayden’s face lit up when he saw it.  “Okay.  Up and over!”
Sam threw the clip end of the rope and the weight of it carried it down to his waiting hands.  Logan wrapped and knotted it around Cayden’s waist.  Logan, Ryhs, Sam, and Henry pulled until Cayden reached the limb.  He scrambled up and onto the limb and hitched himself along until he was on the other side of the gate.  While straddling the limb, he took off the rope, attached it to the tree, and then let himself slide to the ground.
Cayden trotted toward the guardhouse and stopped just shy of it.  “See?  Up and over in a minute!  I’ll have you inside in a sec.”
A sound came to them from inside the guardhouse.  It was a sound they had grown to hate and fear:  A wet, slurpy, hissing sound.  
Cayden’s face fell and he looked at his hands.  He had no bat.  No weapon.
The hiss became a growl, accompanied by the sound of shuffling feet. 
“Run, Cayden!” Logan screamed.  “Run!”



Chapter 17



The dead things are almost out of the guardhouse.  It isn’t difficult to tell what they had done for a living before they became the un-living.  Blue polo over black pants.  Name tag over the left breast.  And each twin wears a duty belt similar to what cops wear.  Pepper spray, baton, and even a 9mm.  They are ex-security guards, and both of them have the right side of their necks gnawed on as though they have both chewed on the other.  Black crust covers part of the wounds, while a bright red speaks of more recent trauma. 
Cayden is frozen in place.  His mind is so sure that no dead things are in the guardhouse.  But despite knowing, absolutely dead-sure knowing, here they are.  In the flesh.  Hickie love bites.  A clear case of zombie love gone bad.
What the fuck?!
He thinks maybe he hears Mr. A screaming.  
“Cayden!  What are you doing?  Run!”
Yep, it’s Mr. A, and he sounds absolutely hashtag rattled. 
For good reason.  Look at them shufflers go.  How the hell did they ever learn to run so fucking fast?
Cayden blinks and then blinks again.  On second thought, maybe they aren’t that fast.  Maybe it’s just because I’m so freakin slow.  And this is so cray cray.
The shufflers are stuck in the doorway.  Each is trying to get to Cayden but they are currently stuck.  As if to underscore this, the volume of their raspy growls increases, and they sound madder than hell.  Pissed off and Oh. So. Salty!  Their teeth are chattering and grinding so hard that the one on the left has just lost a central incisor.  
He thinks he hears Mr. A scream again.  From far, far away in a fog bank.
Cayden’s ears follow the screams to its owner.  
And there’s Mr. A.  He’s running back from their new truck, a crossbow in his hands.  Then he stops, loads it with a bolt, aims it.
Cayden’s eyes are too slow to keep up with the airborne bolt, but by the time they fixate on the guardhouse, one of the zombie lovers is in the process of collapsing.  The bolt has found its way through the right eye of the one who has lost its tooth.  A few moments later, the second zombie is down, arms settling over its mate in a final embrace.
“Cayden!  Snap out of it!”
The fog bank begins to lift and soon it trails away to nothing.  But in its place, a riptide is churning in his stomach, and something has gone and replaced his leg bones with rubber.  
Now everyone is yelling at him.  Calling his name.  Asking if he is all right.
Cayden is suddenly awash with emotion: relief, shock, embarrassment.
He looks over at the dead things with bolts sticking out of their heads.  A gruesome sight, I must say. 
 He looks over at Mr. A.  His friends.  All friends, for sure, ‘cept that blonde bimbo, Lauren.
And now he is feeling more like his old self.  “Oh, man! I can’t believe I froze!”
He walks toward the gate and his friends beyond.  
“Man, I’m sorry.  I totally went blank there for a minute.  You’re not, like, pissed at me, are you, Mr. A?”
Mr. A is looking down at him with a weird mixture of emotion on his face.  His dark blue eyes are furrowed in concern, yet there is the unmistakable look of fondness and worry, too.  And his black hair has a few grays at the temple.  Cayden wonders why he has never noticed them before.
“No.  I am not pissed at you, Cayden.  But you scared the shit out of me.  You okay?”
“Yep.  Right as rain.”  Cayden looks around and gives his friends a grin.  His lips are dry and they get stuck on his teeth.  He knows he must look like a freak.  He exhales loudly.  “I’m gonna go and finally open this gate,” he says, backing up.  
“Just make sure there aren’t any more in there,” Henry says.
“And here,” Jayden says, “take these.”  
Cayden sees she has a bat in one hand, a hammer in the other. He takes them from her and nods.  God damn, she’s cute.  Even if she is ten years older.  He turns away before she can see just how cute he really thinks she is.  
Cayden takes a deep breath and chastises himself for being so dim witted. 
Finally his body and emotions catch up with his mind.  It is like he gets a quick jolt of juice.  Or a ram-rod spine that provides some guts.  He zones in on the guardhouse and the two dead shufflers sprawled half-way out the door.  He mentally appraises the approximate inside dimensions and rams the bat up under his left arm and hefts the hammer in his right hand. 
A yard from the dead bodies on the ground he stops and listens.  
Nothing.  
He double checks the shufflers.  Makes sure the bolts go all the way through the heads.  Makes sure they aren’t moving or whatever it is they do for breathing.  Check, check, and check.
He peaks into the interior.  He is relieved to see that it is well lit from windows in each wall.  No shuffle or any other sound comes from inside.  He figures the shack must only be about ten-feet square.  He finds a small opening between the two bodies and places his left foot.  Then with a grimace of disgust, he lurches up and over them and is inside the building.  No other living or dead thing lies in wait, and he hurries over to the wall facing the road.  
There’s a phone on the wall, along with an intercom.  And there on the counter is a metal switch with Front Gate engraved on a metal plate next to it.  He doesn’t take a lot of time looking at all the other switches, though there are a few.  But a quick glance does tell him that the guards were able to control a few things from here: electrifying the barbed wire, opening two other gates on the perimeter, controlling a generator, sounding audible alarms, and setting the house alarm.    There is also a slot that could be opened to retrieve items from the outside.  He smirks a half grin.  Nice set up.
He clicks the metal switch and hears the front gates swing open.  When he glances out the window, everyone has climbed back into the vehicles and are in the process of driving in. When they clear the gates, Cayden flicks the switch again, and the gates close.  He eyes the switches and their corresponding functions, finds the one that powers up the barbed wire, and makes sure it is flicked on.  Then he exits the guardhouse and jumps over the dead things.  
Everyone is circling around him, giving him hugs, and patting him on the back.  
“You did great!” Em says, smothering him in her ample bosom.  “But you scared the crap out of me!”
“Me, too,” Henry says.  “But you did what you set out to do.”
Logan grabs the back of his neck and gives him a bear hug.  “Soon as we can, I’m teaching you how to use a gun. We’ll keep practicing until you feel comfortable.”
“Yeah, but I froze,” Cayden says.  He says it matter-of-factly without his usual bravado.
“Bet they never taught that in school, did they?” Jayden says, smiling.  “There’s a lot we all have to get used to.”
“Sssshhhhh!” Sam lifts a finger and cocks his head.  “Do you hear that?”
They all stand still and listen.   
A rumbling comes from beyond the house.  It is definitely mechanical in nature, like an engine, yet it sounds as though it is stuck at a certain RPM.  Like someone has hit the gas without putting the transmission in gear.
“It’s beyond the house,” Ryhs says.  “Over to the left and past those trees.”
Henry looks up at the sky.  “Only a couple of hours before it gets dark.  We’ll have to search the grounds and the house.”
“It’s a big place,” Ryhs says.  “Why don’t we split up in two?”
“Let’s find out what that noise is first,” Jayden says.  “We might need all of us.”
“Better, yet,” Em says, “let’s have a few stand guard outside the house entries.  The rest can go check out that noise while the others make sure no one comes or goes.  There’s got to be at least five acres of land here.  We don’t want to miss a dead thing and have someone go outside later on and get attacked.”
The group decides this is a good idea.  They drive up to the house, and since Lauren refuses to get out of the Escape, she is nominated to watch the front door, the garage, and service door.  Heather and Billy stay where they are in back of the SUV.
The rest leave and drive around to the right side of the house until they come to a patio with French doors leading inside.  Katie and Emily stay to keep watch from the pickup truck.
Henry drives over the manicured lawn, carefully avoiding trees and flower berms, until they come to the back of the house.  Cayden, Logan, and Sam trot behind.  A tall sheared hedge separates them from the back of the house.  They glimpse the reflective water of a pool beyond.  
“I hope there isn’t a door on the forth side,” Henry says, “because I’m thinking I should sit this side out.”  He looks at the rest gathered outside his window.  “I’m not going to be as good at searching the grounds.  I know that.  I’m not a young guy anymore.  I’ll just hold you back.”
“Oh, come on, Henry!  You’re in good shape, and you know it,” Jayden says.  
Henry ignores her and asks Cayden, “You want to keep me company?  You’ve been through enough today.”
Cayden wants to jump at the chance.  But something tells him it would be better to help search the grounds.  “Naw, I’ll help them.”
Logan nods in approval, and Cayden now knows why it was better that he turn Henry down.  The warmth of approval from Logan and the others washes over him.  He feels better than he has in a long time.
“Let’s go,” Sam says.  He clasps his handgun while his sister does the same.  Logan arms his crossbow and Ryhs readies his shotgun.  Cayden still has the bat and hammer.  He isn’t exactly thrilled with them but they are better than nothing.
They decide to start their search back at the gate using a grid pattern.  The engine sound is coming from the west side of the house.  Instead of walking on the diagonal to reach it, they walk from south to north until they come to the outer fence, turn around, spread out again, and walk south. No more than twenty feet is between them. 
On the third trip north, they come across what is making the noise.  Jayden is the first to reach it.
A riding lawnmower is wedged up against a large oak tree.  A dead man dressed in khakis is sprawled over the wheel and hood.  Half of his face is gone, and the white of his teeth and jaw bones grin up at his company.
“Holy s-s-shit!” Sam says.  “I’ll shut it down.”
Sam pulls the body off the cart, and as it slides to the ground, it flips over onto its back.  A gory mess of intestines slide to the ground. Sam covers his mouth with his shoulder, trying not to retch.
He turns off the engine and faces the others.  “Well, he’s been fed on.  Either by those security guys back there, or we’ve got a few more to come across.”
Logan says he thinks they will come across more dead things.  Everyone agrees.
“Well, the sooner we get started-” Jayden says.  
“Uh, guys?” Cayden says, pointing up ahead.  “We got us a couple more gardeners.”
Jayden looks at the others.  “We know they’re drawn to sound.  Since we’re enclosed by a tall fence, let’s invite them all here so we can get this over with.”
The two gardeners see them and their shuffling quickens. Jayden walks toward them, aiming her Beretta.  She downs each one with a bullet to the head.
“Hot chick!” Cayden says under his breath.  He notices Logan laughing at him.
“Well, am I right or am I right?”
“You’re right.  Just don’t get her pissed at you.”
Cayden grins.  “She’s too old, anyway.  And you’re too old for her, so don’t you get any ideas.”
Logan grins, too, and Cayden enjoys their banter.  
But enough of that.  He looks around at all the dead bodies.  Time to get to work.



Chapter 18



 Jayden turned in a circle and searched for more shufflers.  None appeared.  She looked at the bodies lying on the ground and grimaced.  She had done that.  Killed living things.  At least that is what her mind kept telling her.  But she knew better.  Those things weren’t alive.  Not really.  And there was almost no resemblance to who they once were.  A deep feeling of sadness and regret weighed down on her.   
“This makes me sick,” she said.  
“I know,” Sam said.  He looked like he was ill.  “Let’s hurry and finish this.  All I want to do is go inside, make sure it’s safe, and then relax surrounded by four strong walls.”
They finished searching the grounds a half an hour later, confident that no more dead things were about.  Then they searched the garages and outbuildings.  Same outcome. They also double-checked the other two exit gates to make sure they were locked.
The group went to tell Henry what they had found.  They decided to check out the back side of the house where Henry was posted.  They walked the pathway that led between the hedges and came across the large backyard pool. It was their intent to see if the back door was locked.  If not, they would enter, search the house and, if empty, everyone else would be allowed inside.
“Here we go,” Henry said, walking clear of the hedge and into the open pool area.  
Logan whistled.  “Take a look at that floater.”
A heavy-set man floated in the pool, face down.  His arms and legs dangled below him.  He wore bright red swimming trunks, and from the group’s vantage point a few yards away, he did not exhibit any outward signs of trauma.
“Let’s see if we can get him out,” Ryhs said, grabbing a pool rake.  He used the long handle to maneuver the body to the shallow end.  Logan, Sam, and Henry all helped pull the man out of the water.  
Lividity had long since set in:   The front of his face, neck, and abdomen were dark purple and black.  He was no longer stiff with rigor mortis. 
“Gross,” Cayden said.  “Look at his feet and hands.  The skin is starting to fall off.”
“From what I can tell,” Henry said, “and I am, by no stretch of the imagination, an expert but I think he died suddenly, maybe from a heart attack.  He doesn’t have any bite marks.  He’s been in the water a long time because he’s not stiff anymore, yet we know he’s been there awhile because of his skin.  He’s dark from the blood pooling.  And, he’s floating.  Which most likely means he did not drown.  Because if he had, his lungs would be full of water and he probably would have sunk to the bottom.”
“Maybe he saw what was happening all around him and it was too much,” Jayden said.  “Can’t say that I blame him.”  
Ryhs studied Jayden’s face.  “You okay?”
“Yep.  As good as any of us.”
“I hope he doesn’t have any family inside,” Sam said.  “I think we’ve had enough of dead people and dead things. I say we bury this one.”
“You’re right,” Henry said.  “I feel he is a human that died from natural causes.  He didn’t turn like the others we’ve had to deal with.”  He rose to his feet and glanced around.  “I’ll check and see if the patio doors are locked.  But I doubt they are with him being out here.”
Henry went to the patio doors and pulled on one.  It easily slid open.
Jayden grabbed a blue and yellow beach towel off a chaise and covered the man’s face.  Then she and the rest readied their weapons and entered the house.
Like the outside of the house, the inside was a well-kept semi-modern home.  The first room they entered was a large dining room that led to the open kitchen and living area beyond.  This afforded them sweeping views to see that no one waited for them.  Dead or alive.  
The kitchen was large with a long granite island.  A floor to ceiling stone fireplace was at the far wall of the living room with large comfortable seating nearby.  A wood floor was underneath with several soft rugs.  
The group split up in two and searched the remainder of the first floor: two master bedrooms with attached baths, a laundry room, den, and mud room.  One of the master bedrooms had a set of French doors that Emily and Katie watched over from their spot in the pickup truck.  They waived with relief when they saw their friends.
After they were certain the first floor was clear, Jayden kept watch over the stairs leading to the second floor, while the rest searched the basement.  They came back a short time later proclaiming the basement clear.  
“You should see the stockroom,” Sam told Jayden.  “Filled, and I mean filled with food and supplies like you would not believe!  There’s even a couple of freezers with frozen meat and veggies, bread, you name it.  It’s there.”
“I hope there’s plenty of toilet paper and toothpaste.  Stuff like that,” Jayden said.
“Everything!” Sam exclaimed.  “It’s like they never wanted to run out.”
Jayden laughed at how excited Sam was.  But she was also relieved.  Though they had not had to search much for food and supplies yet, the day was coming.  This would definitely help them out.
The group quickly finished their search upstairs, relieved to find nothing to worry about.  There were four bedrooms and four baths.  Plus, a large media room that Sam and Cayden each proclaimed theirs.  Half the room was equipped like a movie theater.  The other half had a large pool table and several electronic games.  
“Let’s get everyone inside,” Henry said. “That new guy is going to need some help.”
Jayden gave Henry a big hug.  “Thank you,” she said.  “It’s because of you that we found this place.  It’s more than I ever thought possible.”
Henry shrugged his shoulders and pushed up his glasses.  “Well, we got lucky.  For now, it works.  It might not later on.”
“We don’t know how widespread all this is yet,” Ryhs said.  “We might end up seeing the National Guard or other military groups.  I have a feeling it’s going to be like a war zone.”
“I think you’re right,” Jayden agreed.  “But I don’t think we’ll ever see the military.  That time has come and gone.  I think it’s going to be up to us and people like us to get rid of the dead things.”
It was clear Ryhs did not want to believe that.  “Well, we’ll have to wait and see what happens.  I think our area might be the only place this has happened to.”
“And no one has come to help us?  At the very least, there should be media.  It’s a huge story.  They should be filming their asses off.”
“Time will tell,” Sam said, intervening.  “Let’s get everyone inside before it gets dark.  I think we should bury that guy, too.  I don’t like the thought of him out there, rotting even more beside the pool.”
Cayden made an exaggerated sound of throwing up.  “Hey, what about the dead things?  We gonna bury them, too?”
“Hell, no,” Sam said.  “We’ll dump them outside the gate and down the road.”  He looked at Henry for confirmation.  
“Sounds good to me,” Henry said.  “And while we’re at it, we can’t forget to retrieve the 9s off the guards.”
They went outside and got everyone.  Heather and Ryhs helped Billy walk inside, and then they immediately took him to one of the first floor bedroom suites.  Billy groaned in pain, but overall, he looked much better.
“I’ll take care of him,” Heather said, helping him sit down beside the sink in the bathroom.  “But thanks.  I don’t know what we would have done if you guys hadn’t been there.”
“We would have been dead,” Billy said.  He held out his right hand and the two men shook hands.  
“I’m glad we were there to help,” Ryhs said.  “If you can, come out later to eat.  If not, you can always eat in here.”  
He left, in search of everyone else.  He found them exploring the house, laughing and joking, almost giddy with their good luck.
“Look at this place!” Emily said, as she turned in a circle.  “Nice open area, fireplace, beautiful furniture, island, granite countertops!  I’m the cook!”
“Be my guest!” Lauren said, trailing behind her.  “I sure hope I don’t have to share a room with anyone.”
“God!” Jayden exclaimed.  “Can you just stop?  We’ve all been through so much, yet you still have to be so nasty.”
Lauren rolled her eyes and walked toward the refrigerator.  
Jayden watched her sashay away.  She shook her head in frustration and caught Ryhs staring at her.  
“She’s beyond help,” he said.  “That’s why I don’t even talk to her.  It doesn’t help.  She’s got mental issues.”  
“That’s putting it mildly,” Jayden said.  She turned and grabbed her brother.  “Let’s go.  I’ll help you with the bodies.”
“Can’t that wait?” Emily said.  “I thought I’d check out the food situation and then make us something nice to eat.”
“I can’t stand the thought of those dead things laying out there inside our compound,” Jayden said.  “And the poor guy outside…  We want to bury him.”
Em studied Jayden’s expression and then nodded.  “While you get the zombies out, I’ll look for a name for that guy.”
“I’ll help you,” Katie told Emily.  “With the kitchen work, too.”
Henry, Ryhs, Logan, and Cayden followed Jayden and Sam outside. Before they got more than a dozen steps away, the front door opened, and Em came running out.  “I found these!” she yelled, holding up a package of purple latex gloves.
Jayden grinned.  “Thank you!” she said.  “I forgot.  I don’t want to touch those things if I don’t have to.” 
“There’s a trailer hooked up to another riding lawnmower in the garage,” Sam said.  “I’ll run and get it.  We can dump the bodies on the trailer and take them all at once.”
“Good idea,” Jayden said.  She eyed the sun that was now low on the western horizon.  It shined through the large trees, creating elongated and distorted shadows.  “We don’t have long before nightfall, and that will really speed things up.”
The group walked to the area where they had found the dead thing on the lawnmower.  Now that some time had elapsed and they had experienced the normality of a beautiful clean house, the gruesome sight of the shuffler on the ground with his innards laying beside him, and the other two that Jayden had shot, only served to remind them anew of just how horrible their new world had become.
They gloved up and quickly loaded the three bodies onto the trailer.  As they walked to the guardhouse, the slight breeze they had felt earlier, picked up and seemed to cool the air at least ten degrees.
“That feels good,” Jayden said, closing her eyes.  And then she heard something.
She stopped, cocked her head, and said, “Do you hear that?”
“What?” Sam said.  “I don’t hear anything.”
“Ssshhh!”  She pointed a finger up.  “Listen.”
The group stood still and everyone strained to hear.  Logan shook his head.  He hadn’t heard anything.  Then Sam’s eyes widened and he nodded.
A chill passed over Jayden and she visibly shook.  
“What the hell...”  Henry said.  
At first it sounded like the faraway fluttering of paper-thin wings en masse.  And then the volume increased until it sounded as though not that of wings, but of many mouths uttering tiny whispers. A strong gust of wind rustled the top branches and leaves of the trees.
Jayden searched the sky.  There were a few clouds but no storm threatened to move in.  The whispers increased to an allegro that was sustained for a minute more, and then they gradually ebbed until all was silent once again.
“What the hell was that?” Ryhs said.  
Jayden looked up.  “We’d better hurry if we want to bury that guy.  We don’t have much time before it gets dark.”
“But what was that?  You looked like you knew what it was.”
“I don’t know what it was.  But I heard it right before the acid rain fell.  Before all hell broke loose.”
“Me, too,” said Sam.  
“Any ideas what it could be?” Ryhs prodded.
Jayden shook her head.  “I don’t know.  I have a feeling.  But I don’t know.”
They had come to the guardhouse.  They piled the two bodies of the guards on top of the others in the trailer.  Cayden retrieved the two 9mm guns.  Then he went inside and flipped the toggle and the gates swung open.
“Let’s go,” Henry said.  “But keep your eyes open.  There might be stragglers about.”
Sam put the mower in gear and the engine roared louder.  He drove through the open gates and Ryhs and Logan ran beside him, their weapons at the ready.  Fifty yards down the road, Sam pulled over beside the ditch, and they unloaded the trailer.  In a few minutes the job was done and everyone was safely back inside the gates.
They all walked beside Sam as he drove the mower and trailer to the back of the house.  They came to a stop beside the body with the red swimming trunks and then hefted it onto the trailer.  Emily and Katie came out of the house, a piece of paper in Em’s hand.
“We know who he is,” Katie said.  She looked like she was about to cry.
“His name’s John Mattheisen,” Em said, reading from the paper.  “We found his wallet in one of the downstairs bedrooms.  And we heard a voice message on the phone.  It was from his wife, Carol.  She said she and their daughter were in Madison and they couldn’t get out.”  She looked up from her paper and her faded blue eyes looked at the man in the trailer.  Once again, her bun was falling apart; light brown strands were floating about her face.  Her eyes shone with compassion as she continued to read.  “He was forty-six years old.  He was an attorney for Mattheisen and Greer.  He was a member of Trinity Lutheran Church, and he was an animal activist.”
Jayden perked up.  “Interesting.  I think I would have liked the man.”
Emily gave a faint smile.  “All this from his wallet and a stack of mail.  Katie, go get those sheets we left on the counter.  We’ll use them as a shroud.  I don’t think it would be in anyone’s best interest if we tried to put a suit on him.”
“Yeah,” Cayden said.  “He’d fall apart.”
“Gross!” Katie exclaimed as she ran into the house.  She was out a short time later, laden with white sheets.
They decided to bury John Mattheisen in the side yard, beside a berm of hostas and impatiens.  A small fountain added a splash of water to the calm atmosphere.  Tall oaks and maples shadowed them as they dug the grave and prepared the body.  When they were done, there was very little daylight left.
A clean and freshly-bandaged Billy came out with Heather to stand with the others.  There was no sign of Lauren.
They carefully lowered the body into the ground.  Emily read again what she knew about John, and Henry finished by saying a prayer.  They stood around the grave, tired and dirty, being still for a moment of silence.  Then each dropped a handful of dirt onto the body.  When they were finished with the service, the grave was filled in with dirt, and Sam pushed a stick into the ground where a headstone should be.  
“I’ll make a cross for him tomorrow,” he said, straightening.
By now it was dark, and security lights and path lights lit up the house and property.  
“What a beautiful place,” Em said.  “I can’t believe we found it.”
Jayden looked to the west and watched the last slim line of orange and pink fade.  It was a broken line; trees obstructed the view.
She turned and followed the others, lost in thought.  Something prevented her from joining in the others’ excitement over the prospect of taking a hot shower and wearing clean clothes.  Of eating a great meal in a beautiful house.  Of knowing they were safe, anticipating a comfortable bed and unbroken sleep.   
Jayden felt what her friends felt.  But something cautioned her to hold back, to be wary.  Everything was so much larger than what any of them could imagine.  She knew it on a very deep level.  How, she was not yet sure, but she felt in time it would come to her.  For now, everyone was preoccupied with meeting the basics of life.  Their conversations thus far had shown it because circumstances had dictated it.   High on the list of possibilities for their new world was that a virus had spread.  Originating from nature or man, they did not know.  But one thing was clear: life would never be the same again.
As Jayden stepped into the front entry, she turned and looked one last time into the night.  A quick scurry of movement sounded from high above.  A sigh of a whisper.
She closed and locked the door.



Chapter 19



Emily nodded in satisfaction and Henry squeezed her hand. 
 “Great meal,” he said.
“Not bad for spur of the moment,” she agreed.  “It’s just so nice to have us all sit down to a nice meal and feel safe.”
“And,” said Katie, “we have a dishwasher!  And for once, it’s not me.”
Everyone laughed, even Lauren.  She brought out another bottle of wine from the wine fridge and filled everyone’s glass.  
Wow, there really is something that makes her happy.  Jayden hoped the woman was a nice drunk and not a nasty one.  Otherwise there would be no telling when the woman was drunk or sober.
Everyone tried to do their own share of cleaning up but they just got underfoot.  Emily and Katie and Logan got the kitchen clean in no time, and then went to join the others in front of the newly-lit fire.
“Now this is what I call living,” Cayden said, stretching out on the rug in front of the fire.
“You look ridiculous,” Katie said.  “Pink is not your color.”
“What’s wrong with pink?  Only a real man knows how to wear it.”
They all laughed and talked about the need to go clothes shopping.  They had done a good job getting food and supplies, but so far, they had not visited a clothing store.  Cayden had to resort to wearing the owner’s daughter’s clothes.  Right now, that consisted of a pink two-piece pajama set with purple smiley faces.  Hot pink socks completed the outfit.
For the next hour, everyone was content to just relax and have a good time.  Lauren had gone up to her room which helped everyone loosen up even more.  And though it had been a warm late August day, the night was cool.  The fire felt warm and welcome.  
Jayden sat near the fire in an over-sized chair.  She stretched her legs and yawned.  
“Sitting here relaxing is great,” she said, “but we need to make some plans.”
“What kind of plans?” Cayden said.  “If you mean do some clothes shopping, count me in.”  He stood and went to the hearth, sat down, and lit a cigarette.  “I hope no one minds.  Most of the smoke goes up the chimney, and I really don’t want to go outside.”
“Me, neither,” Sam said, joining him.
“It smells!” Katie complained.  
“Oh, come on, Katie!” Sam said.  “Do you really want us to go stand outside?  What if we missed a shuffler?”
Katie stared at Sam with her face set.  But everyone could see she wanted to give in.  “Okay.  I guess I don’t want you out in the dark, but maybe you both should just quit!”
“Good idea,” Em said.  “We had that problem with our son.  Only there was something else he needed to quit.”
“I didn’t know you had a son!” Katie said.
They all looked from Em to Henry.  
“He died twenty-eight years ago of an overdose,” she said.  “His name was James, and Henry and I did everything we could to make him stop.” 
Em looked down and her hand absent-mindedly rubbed the sofa cushion.  Henry glanced at her and then looked away.
“He was our only child,” she said.  “After a while, I caught on to when he was drunk or high or both.   And I began to notice that he was taking our meds.  And that was before cough syrup and cold and flu pills became abused.  So,” she looked at Cayden and her voice became stern and loving all at the same time, “I know when someone is on the wrong path.  I know why they’re being sneaky.”
Cayden fidgeted on the mantle, took a drag, and blew smoke up the chimney.  Sam’s eyebrows furrowed, and he looked a little harder at Cayden as though trying to decide if Emily had a double meaning to her words.  
I thought so.  Jayden remembered Logan’s caution to Cayden at Deke’s.  Logan knew, or at least suspected, the same thing.  She glanced at him and his expression only confirmed it.  When she looked back at Cayden, the kid was back to his cocky self.  Better keep an eye on that one.  If he gets slow and stupid, he could jeopardize our safety.
She decided to change the subject.  It would give the kid a break, maybe make him think about what he was doing.  She doubted he was going to change his ways over night or even soon, but right now, they had more pressing worries.
“Tomorrow is September,” she said, sitting up higher in her chair.  “You know Wisconsin.  It could stay warm another month or two, or it could be a cold autumn.  If no one comes to our rescue, and I don’t think that is going to happen, we will have to survive on our own.  The power isn’t going to last for long.  With no one to man the power company, we’ll soon be living off the grid.”
“What’s that?” Katie asked, wrapping a long blonde lock of hair around her finger.
“It means we’ll have no more electricity.  The furnace won’t work,” Ryhs said.
“Yes, but we have a generator,” she said.
“And that runs on either propane or gasoline, I’m guessing,” he said.  “Granted, we could find a tanker of fuel and bring it here.  That is a consideration.”  He looked almost hopeful.
“There is something we are not prepared for,” Henry said.  He looked around the room at each of them and worry was evident in his blue eyes.  He smoothed back his thinning white hair, and pushed up his glasses.  “Tomorrow is only the fourth day since it happened.”  He gave a quick Huh!  “What do we call it, besides it?  The end of the world?  The apocalypse?”  He shook his head.  He was at a loss for words.
“I call it the zombie apocalypse,” Em said.  “And I don’t care how it sounds.  That’s exactly what it is.”
“What I’m getting at,” Henry continued, “is that we don’t know how many people were infected.  How many turned and how many simply died like the poor man who lived here.  We don’t know how many of us survived and are doing the same thing we are-trying to figure out what to do.  Just like in life before it happened, there were good people and bad people.  I consider us good.  But, Heather and Billy?  You know first-hand what the bad are like.”
Heather and Billy sat on a love seat, holding hands.  For the most part, they had hardly said a word.  And when Cayden had looked at them while Em talked of James dying of an overdose, they had carefully avoided him.  Everyone had not forgotten the reason they got in trouble with Malik Taber and his group.  Instead, they both nodded at Henry and continued to keep quiet.
“So you’re saying,” Jayden said, “that we have to worry not only about the shufflers, but also about the dangerous living.”
“That’s right,” Henry said.  “And from what we’ve seen so far, the dead things like to herd up, which makes them very dangerous.  I have a feeling the uninfected humans are going to run into each other, and when they do, they’ll have to decide which side they want to be on.  I think crime is going to run rampant.  And I’m not talking about stealing.  Hell, we’re all guilty of that now.  There is no such thing as ownership except for what you’ve got with you.  I’m talking about crimes against other human beings.”
Finally Billy spoke.  “And when you get people that commit crimes like rape…”  His hand holding Heather’s tightened even more.  “-they’ll do even worse when they figure there’s no chance they’ll pay for it.  They’re animals.”
“There are very few animals in the natural world who act like that,” Henry said.  “That word is misplaced and misguided.  It’s the human animal I tend to worry about.”
“I think we have to look down the road,” Jayden said.  “We have to figure out what to do when we run out of fresh food.  I’m sure there are plenty of   people around.  That means the stores will be picked clean in no time.  We have to think about what would happen if a group of people want what we have.  How far will we go to protect it?”
“We do what is necessary,” Ryhs said.  “I don’t want to sound dramatic, but I think it’s going to come down to survival of the fittest.”
“I agree,” Jayden said.  “And the dead things...  We’ve got to figure that their numbers will only increase.  The humans will have to leave their safe places to find food and water, and it is only a matter of time that they run into the dead things.  I think we humans are at a disadvantage.  The dead things have to feed, but I don’t think they will die of starvation or lack of water.”
“That we know of,” Sam said.  “I think maybe they can starve.  That’s why all they seem to do is try to eat people.  But I think it would take a lot longer for them to starve than us.”
“So,” Em said, leaning forward.  “What do we do first?  I think we need to find proper clothing for now and for when winter comes.  Before it’s all gone.  And we need to continue to stock up on food and other things.  And wood and fuel.”
“I have a bad feeling,” Jayden said.  “I’m sorry, but this place is just too good to be true.  If we found it, someone else is going to.  And we can’t be sure that they’ll be like us.  It keeps the dead things out, but people like Malik can find their way in.”
“Even a large group of zombies might be able to get in,” Em said.  “You never know.”
“I say we take care of our immediate needs,” Henry said.  “And while we do that, we’ll be able to get a better handle on what’s happening out there.  And, we have to keep trying to contact people by phone.  We already know the TV and radio don’t work, but we still need to monitor them.  We might get lucky.  Civilization might return somewhere without us even realizing it.  So we best keep on top of it.”
With a plan in mind, they all decided to go to bed.  It had been a long and stressful day, and everyone needed their rest.  Henry and Em took one of the lower bedrooms, as did Heather and Billy.  Jayden and Katie would take an upper, Logan and Ryhs another, and Cayden and Sam took the entertainment room.  
“I’m going to stay down here for a while,” Jayden said.  “I think we are pretty safe, but still, I think at least one of us should stand guard.”
“I’ll stay with you,” Sam said.
“Me, too,” said Ryhs.  “We have to be careful of not being overly confident.”
“I’m tired,” Jayden said with a yawn, “but I can’t sleep now.  Too much on my mind.”
Sam stared at her.  “I’m sorry, Jay.  With everything that happened, I forgot to ask you about Nick.  You must be crazy with worry.”
The remark caught her off guard.  “A-a-actually, I’m not thinking about him so much.”
“All right, you just s-s-sounded like me,” he said with a smirk.  “What gives?”
“If this would have happened a month ago, things might be different,” she said, choosing her words carefully.  
“Okay.  I’ll bite.  Excuse the pun.  But what happened between last month and now?”
“The only good thing for me that’s come out of all of this, is that I haven’t been arrested.”
“What?”
“You heard me.  Arrested.”
“You’ve never been arrested in your life!”
“Well, there’s a first time for everything,” she said matter-of-factly.  “I found out Nick was banging some chick in my bed, so I made his bedroom antics the main movie feature for our neighborhood.”
Sam’s brown eyes looked like they were going to pop out of his skull.  “Explain.”
“I put cameras in the bedroom, hooked them up to a PA system and a huge wide-screen TV, and then when they were in the thick of it, I blasted the neighborhood.  I have to say the audio and visual effects were simply stunning.”
Ryhs uttered a slow laugh, then the more he thought about it, the funnier it became and he laughed all the harder.  
“Hey!” Sam said.  “That’s my sister he did that too! I can’t believe the son-of-a bitch cheated on you!”
“Well, I was a bit shocked myself,” Jayden said.  “But enough of me, how’s your love life?”
“I don’t have one,” Sam said. 
“I think Katie might want to remedy that.”
Sam blushed.  
“Why, Sam!” Jayden teased.  “I didn’t think you even noticed her.  Guess I was wrong.”
“She’s just a kid,” he said.  “I’m like, five years older than her.”
“So?”
“And she is completely different than me.  She doesn’t smoke, doesn’t drink, and she’s been way overly protected.”
“Opposites attract,” Ryhs said.  “She’s probably saying a prayer for you right now.”
Sam rolled his eyes.
“I hope she is,” Jayden said.  “You can use all the help you can get.”
“Funny,” Sam said, trying to hide a grin.
Jayden and Ryhs shared a knowing smile.     
 “She’s a great girl, Sam,” she said.  “What used to be in the old world is completely different now.  I mean, don’t plan on starting a family any time soon, but, hey, having someone to depend on like that?”  She shook her shoulders and let him think about what she had just said.
Sam used the moment to get up and feed the fire.  Tiny sparks floated up the chimney.  
“What about you, Ryhs?” she asked.  “You doing okay?”
Ryhs did not answer or look at her.  There was an uncomfortable shift in the air.
“I’m sorry.  Of course you’re not doing okay.  And having Lauren around only makes it harder.”
Ryhs got up and went to a window, pulled the curtain aside, and looked out.  Finally, without turning around, he said, “Karen died wondering if I had been unfaithful.  She’ll never know.”
Jayden wanted to say something that would lessen his pain, but anything she could say would only sound trite.  Finally she said, “I think she does know.  I’m not religious like, say, Katie.  But I am very spiritual, and I believe that our loved ones are near.  She knows you were never unfaithful.”
He turned around.  “Well, I hope you’re right.  But I need more than just wishful thinking.”  He walked to the stairs and said over his shoulder, “But thanks, anyway.”
Jayden lay awake long after Sam had fallen asleep on the couch. 



Chapter 20



 Jayden woke up the next morning with a headache and mounting annoyance.  Two days in a row.  It was on the verge of becoming a habit.  Someone was slamming dishes on the counter, throwing utensils around. 
She looked for Sam on the other couch.  He was gone.  And then she heard him laugh, along with Katie’s higher-pitched nervous giggle.  She swung her legs onto the floor and sat up.
“All right, you two!” Emily said.  “If you can’t behave, you’ll have to leave my kitchen.  But you’re cleaning up after we eat!”
Jayden walked into the kitchen and found Sam and Katie trying to suppress their laughter.  Their faces were flushed, and when they saw Jayden, they reddened even more.  
“Guess you took to heart what I said last night, Sam,” Jayden said, rubbing her eyes. “But you don’t have to be so loud.  Some of us were trying to sleep.”
“Oh, come on, Jayden,” Sam said.  “It’s 8 o’clock already.”
“You didn’t sleep well?” Em asked.  
“Well, I thought someone should stay awake.”
Em looked like she had been slapped.
“I’m sorry,” Jayden said.  “I’m just crabby because I didn’t get enough sleep. I’m a horrible morning person.  Breakfast smells great.”
Em relaxed and tended to the frying bacon.  Katie and Sam continued to make pancakes and set the table.  Soon everyone was hanging out in the kitchen and dining area.  Most everyone seemed relaxed and thankful for their new home, even if it was only temporary.  The light-hearted atmosphere of last night was no longer evident with Lauren.  She was back to her rude, standoffish self.    
After breakfast the group split into three.  Jayden, Sam, Ryhs, and Henry took the Explorer.  Logan and Cayden took the new pickup truck.  They were going to look for clothes.  The rest stayed at the house to do inventory and make lists of what they felt was needed or in short supply.  At the last moment, Heather said she wanted to go along.  She jumped in the back seat behind Logan and Cayden.  Billy was clearly apprehensive about her leaving.  He told her to be careful and get back soon. 
Katie ran to the guardhouse and flipped the switch to open the gates.  Henry drove through first followed by Logan.  Before driving off, Henry searched the road in both directions.  When he saw it was void of anything suspicious, he took a right, and motioned for Katie to shut the gates.  
They took a left at the next intersection and proceeded to drive to the outskirts of Madison.  They had already discussed their route, and each vehicle had a map with the route highlighted in yellow marker.  
“There’s the interstate,” Henry said a half hour later.   
Everyone looked and saw what they expected: a congested traffic nightmare of vehicles bumper to bumper.  Another lane had been created on the shoulder but it had accomplished nothing.  Many vehicle doors gaped open, and several vehicles were stranded on the grassy hill that broke away from the road at a sharp descent toward a marshy area.  
“Where did everyone go?” Jayden said.  
She searched the quarter mile distance between the interstate and the narrow road they drove on.  Nothing moved, and here and there, they passed an empty vehicle.  Up on the interstate, something came into view.  It was a shuffler.  A straggler that walked between cars, intent it seemed, on finding its group. 
Ryhs sat in front with Henry.  His eyes were glued to a pair of binoculars.  After a short while, he gave a long, low whistle.  “You were right, Henry.  They do herd up.  Be happy they’re up there and not down here.”
Soon everyone else could clearly see what Ryhs had meant.  The back end of a huge group shuffled eastward at a slow, steady pace.  As Henry drove parallel with the herd, he slowed down to take it all in.  
“Look.  As far as the eye can see.  There’s got to be thousands.”  
Jayden heard something in Henry’s voice that scared her.  It was fear.  If they ever got trapped in a group like that one…  She didn’t even want to consider it, let alone think about it.  But despite not wanting to think about it, a thought popped out of her mouth.
“Henry, we’ve got to get off this road.  Farther away.  What if there’s another herd up ahead?  Or part of the same one?  We could get trapped.”
“I’m way ahead of you,” he said, speeding up until they came to another road that turned to the south.  He slowed and began to make the turnoff.  Then at the last moment, he braked to a stop which earned him a squeal from the truck tires behind them.  Logan was unable to stop in time.  His pickup softly bumped the back of the Explorer.  
Jayden stared out her window.  Even from a quarter mile away, it was quite easy to see the individual shufflers.  They had stopped their mindless journey forward.  Like the human drivers and passengers they had once been, they found themselves in another sort of traffic jam.  They rammed into each other and stalled, and one by one, they turned to look at the only other moving things around them.  
“They’re staring at us,” Jayden said.  “Look.  They’re all turning around.”  She scratched her arms, feeling invisible insects crawling all over her skin.
A few of the shufflers began to take to the ditch, and many of them fell on the sharp decline.  Before long, other dead things had either gone around or added to the pile.  
Logan beeped his horn.  It only served to rile up the crowd of shufflers more.
“Henry-y-y” Sam said.  “Let’s goooooo.”
Henry remained calm, though a vein throbbed just under the surface of his neck.  
“We’re okay,” he said.  “I’m just trying to see how they react.  They’re too slow to get to us.”
“Yeah, but look at those,” Ryhs said, pointing farther away.  
A half dozen were almost running down the hill, trotting and jouncing like puppets being commandeered by a crazy puppeteer.  When they got to the bottom and more even ground, they sped up, and even the most cynical observer could now see they were close to running.  
Henry stomped on the gas and sped away, Logan close behind.  
“The freeway swerves to the south not far ahead,” Jayden said.  “It’s not enough for us to meet, I don’t think, but what if there’s another herd?  We could get caught between the two.”
“We won’t,” Henry said, speeding up.  “I didn’t like that, but honestly, they weren’t even close.  But we did learn a couple of things: they herd up, they seem to react as one, and they can run faster than we thought.”
He swerved around a white car in the middle of the road.  This time, a woman was hanging out of the open door, a bloody mess from head to torso.  Flies swarmed in a cloud as they drove by.
Jayden looked up at the sky.  It was another sunny day with a few clouds.  And warm, too.  She rolled down her window after they passed the car; she needed a breath of fresh air.  Suddenly she felt confined in the back seat of the SUV.  
“You okay?” Sam asked.  
She scratched her skin.  “Feels like I have bugs crawling all over me.  And I feel a little claustrophobic.”
“You want to sit up here?” Ryhs asked.
She shook her head.  “I’ll be okay.  I just want to get what we have to and get back home.”  She caught herself and smiled.  “Isn’t that weird?  Our new place feels like home already.”
Ryhs nodded.  “But remember what you said last night.  You said we shouldn’t get too comfortable.  We could lose that place.”
“I know.  But for now, it feels safe.  It feels like it could be our home.”
“And you’re right,” Henry said.  “It is a nice and safe place.  But we don’t know what it will be like a week or month from now.  All we can do is take one day at a time.”
A half an hour later, their county road turned into a northern street on the outskirts of Madison.  Soon they came to an intersection of the interstate and the central road leading into the city.  A mall was not far away.  There were still stranded cars on the road, but nothing compared to the interstate. 
“Nothing moving on 90/94,” Ryhs said.  “So there was an end to the herd.”
“That, or they all took off after us,” Jayden said.
“Well,” Henry said, opening his window.  “Let’s see what the rest of us want to do.”
Logan, Cayden, and Heather came up to Henry’s window.  
“I don’t think we should go to the mall,” Logan said.  “This area looks okay now, but you’ve got to be sure that there’s plenty moving around down there.”
“Where else we gonna go?” Heather said.  “I think we should take the chance.  Unless anyone else knows where to find clothes.”
“We can take the frontage road,” Sam said.  “There’s stores off the main road.  Lots of them, too.  I think the mall is the last place we should be.”
“I agree,” Jayden said.  “A mall is too big.  We’d be walking into a trap.  There’s no way we can defend ourselves against a large group of shufflers.  There’s probably a ton inside the building.”
Everyone else agreed, even Heather.  
They drove off at a slow pace, everyone on the look out for any sign of life.  Or death, with its signature clumsy gait.
Jayden leaned forward, her hand on the Beretta that was stuffed under the waistband of her jeans. She didn’t want to admit it, but she was feeling seriously spooked.  There were too many places to hide in town.  Too many chances of being surprised and overrun by the dead things.  
Not only that, the whispering she had heard outside their new home last night was never far from her conscious thought.  And it had all begun with that mysterious uttering from the skies before the acidic rain had pelted them.  Before their world had changed, as though the voices heralded a new beginning.  A beginning that was both unique and horrifying to behold.  No science that she was aware of could explain what had happened.  No religion, either.  She had a feeling that the new order of things was neither one of science nor religion, or perhaps more confusing than that, a combination of the two.    
She glanced skyward again.  It was becoming overcast.  The day had that certain quality that comes with the advent of fall.  It was a time for all creatures to harvest what would sustain them through the long cold months of winter.  A chill stole up her spine and she repressed the urge to shiver.  More than that, she tried to suppress the sudden anxiety that gripped her.  Where would they stay?  Would they be able to survive the bitter winter temperatures?  Should they even attempt to?  Maybe south is where they should head.  Something told her their newfound home in the country would not last long.  She hoped she was only being overly cautious.
“Look!” Henry said, breaking Jayden’s reverie.  He pointed south, to the central highway that led into the city.  
Jayden looked and her friends’ breathing all quickened at the same time.  A motorcycle was slowly making its way north, toward the interstate on ramp.  
“He’s crazy,” Ryhs said.  “Doesn’t he know what the interstate holds?”
“Maybe he sees us,” Sam said.  
“I don’t know,” Rhys said.  “He’s down there snaking in and out of traffic. We’re on higher ground.  And now that we’ve stopped, he can’t tell if we’re in here or not.”
The rider was now only about three city blocks away.  A head peered over the shoulder of the driver and the group now knew there were two.  
“Let’s get a look at ‘em,” Henry said.  “It might be wise to let them know we’re here.  Feel them out.  They might be okay.  Strength in numbers, you know?”
“Maybe,” Ryhs said.  “We’ve got to be sure, though.”
Jayden grabbed the binoculars.  “Let me see them.”  She focused until the strangers came into view.  She inhaled sharply.
“What?” Sam said.  
Jayden waited until she was sure.  “Don’t let them see us.  I think the driver is Smithy.  That guy that was in the truck with Malik Taber.”
“What!”  Ryhs took the binoculars and looked himself.  After a moment he said, “I think you’re right.  Everybody get down.”  He grabbed the cell phone and dialed Logan.  He warned the others to do the same.  
“They’re going to recognize our cars,” Jayden said.  
“Too late,” Henry said.  “Fight or flight.  And it’s too late to run.  Hold your ground.  All we can do is hope they go on by.”
The low undulating rumble of the motorcycle neared.  When the group felt it was almost upon them, the rumbling increased as the driver revved the gas.  Then the sound of the motor leveled off as the bike was put into neutral.  
“They’re coming up,” Jayden whispered.  She raised her head and saw that the rider was off the bike and walking cautiously toward them, a gun in one hand and a large knife in the other.  
“Get up.  We can’t look like cowards hiding here,” she said, sitting up in her seat.  “Smithy is still on the bike.  I don’t know who this guy is.”
Everyone else sat up, and the approaching man came to a halt.  The group readied their weapons, and Henry rolled down his window.
“We meet again!” Henry shouted.  
The passenger was a young man of about twenty.  He wore black leather chaps and a vest.  A red bandana was tied around his forehead.  He had the pasty complexion of an addict.  He hesitated and looked back at Smithy.
Smithy revved the engine and it came alive, blasting the air with its racket.  He allowed it to grow quieter again, but stayed seated, feet stabilizing the heavy bike.  He gave a nearly toothless grin, and his crazed blue eyes squinted as though studying them. There were splotches of blood and gory matter on his clothes.  It was apparent he had been in a fight not long ago. 
Smithy gave a jaunty salute.  “So we do!” he yelled.  “Never thought we’d run into you fine folks so far away.  You staying nearby?”
Henry paused.  “We’re on our way south.  You?”
“Same here.  Maybe we should join up.  Have you reconsidered our offer of security?  Strength in numbers, right?” 
Smithy grinned again.  Long, grayish-yellow wisps of hair fluttered around his face and above his bald forehead.  
Before Henry could say anything, Heather was at the side of the Explorer, standing beside Ryhs’s open window.  They heard the click of the safety being released on her handgun.  It was clear Smithy had not heard or seen Heather, but his passenger had.  He looked over with alarm, then before he could react, Heather ran forward, aimed, and fired.  
A hole appeared in the vest of the passenger and bright red blood flowed out.  His face froze in a permanent expression of surprise, and then he slumped to the ground.  
Heather reacted quickly, but not as fast as Smithy.  The man put his bike in gear and had it turned around and roaring up the road before she could empty her weapon.  Her shots flew untrue, and Smithy turned right and was out of sight in seconds.
Heather screamed in anger and frustration.  She kicked the ground with a booted foot.  She turned and walked to the dead man, drew back, and kicked him in the ribs.  
Jayden ran from the SUV and slowed to a walk as she approached Heather.  The young woman had already released the empty clip and was loading a new one.  
Jayden stood still for a few moments before Heather finally acknowledged her.  
“That was for Billy and me.  This son-of-a bitch raped me and beat both of us.  I’m just sorry I missed Smithy.  Next time I see him, he’s dead, too.”
Heather’s face was set with an unknown number of emotions boiling just below the surface.  Her face was pale, and her piercings glinted in the early afternoon light.  She wore a light pink t-shirt, so at odds, Jayden thought, with her murderous actions.  An insanely humorous thought, at least it was to Jayden, intruded on her thoughts.  Nick doesn’t know how lucky he was.  Yet, if it would have been herself who had been raped and beaten, Jayden was not entirely sure that she would have done anything different than Heather had.     
“You okay?” Jayden asked quietly, as the rest of the group came to stand behind her.  
Heather’s face was inscrutable.  Then she looked at Jayden and saw understanding and compassion.  When she looked at the others, saw they were not judging her harshly, she gave a wry smile.  
“Holy shit, woman,” Cayden said.  “I hope you never get pissed at me.”
“Glad to have you on board,” Logan said, extending his hand.  
Logan and Heather shook hands.  
“I’ve never hurt anyone before,” she said in a small, quiet voice.  “But those men almost killed us.”  She fell silent, lost in thought.  She looked at Jayden as though searching for acknowledgment.
Jayden had a feeling that Heather was thinking about the rape.  She knew there had been multiple rapes.  She could not imagine the horror and helplessness the girl had gone through.  The shame; even though she had nothing to be ashamed about.  She felt a sudden pang of compassion and sisterhood.  
“We have to go,” Henry said.  “Before Smithy comes back with reinforcements.”
“We have to go shopping, too,” Heather said, her voice firm.  “We can just drive farther down this road, find a couple stores, get what we need, and get out.  I don’t plan on letting them deny us anything.”
Jayden nodded in agreement, as did the rest.  
“Okay,” Henry said.  He did not quite agree with them.  “There’s other places to shop, but I can see your point.  But after all the fuss we made, we’re starting to attract attention.”
The group looked to where he pointed.  Shufflers were on the main road, walking toward them from both directions.  Several were also coming down the road from in back of them.  The road led to a hill with several hotels. 
Everyone hurried to their seats and they took off, wending their way farther south and into town. 
“There’s a FarmFleet!” Sam said, pointing to the right.  They were approximately a mile from where Smithy had turned off.
Henry turned into the large lot and they parked behind several vehicles.  He hoped if Smithy came back, he would miss the SUV and truck.  
Everyone had their weapons in tow as they sprinted to the front doors.  
“The lights are on,” Ryhs said.  Then a moment later, “Doors unlocked.”
They filed in, fanning forward, looking for humans and dead things.  At first the store appeared empty, but then they heard the unmistakable scraping sound of shuffling feet and raspy growls. 
Logan took the aisle to the left, and Ryhs took the right.  Before they could get far, a gore-streaked dead thing turned into the aisle in front of the group.  Its crazed eyes fixated on the living, and its gravely wet sounds increased.  
Cayden hefted his baseball bat in the air.  “About time I graduated,” he said.  He strode to the shuffler, raised the bat, and brought it down.  It struck the shuffler in the shoulder but did nothing to stop it.  If anything, it sped up, its teeth and gums partially exposed, chewing the air as it snapped at Cayden.   
Cayden let out a yelp of surprise.  He backed up, and his friends raced to help him.  
“I got it!” he yelled.  He did not want to be rescued.  
The shuffler advanced.  Not long ago it had been an employee.  Its red apron hung askew, ties dangling and swaying with each step.  A name tag was perched at an off-kilter angle.  It read Arthur.
“His head!” Jayden screamed.  “Hit him in the head!”
“I know!” Cayden shouted.  “I know!”  
He ran backwards a few steps, stopped, and aimed.  When the dead thing was four feet away, Cayden swung with all his might.  It sounded like a smashed pumpkin, and the shuffler fell at Cayden’s feet.  
“Yes!” Cayden yelled.  “Yes!”
Logan walked into the next intersecting row, crossbow aimed and ready.  He grinned and his eyes opened wide as he took in the scene.  
“All right, Cayden!” Logan said.  They high-fived over the body.  
“There’s another,” Sam said.  He aimed and fired.  The shot was unnaturally loud in the building.
“Use your knife if you can!” Henry said.  “The gun’s too loud!” 
Jayden looked around and searched for another shuffler.  A display case a few aisles down clattered to the floor.  She ran toward it, searching for the cause.  When she saw what it was, her face sobered.  Sadness overcame her.  It was a dead pregnant woman.  Dead thing!  She could not bring herself to use the knife.  She stepped forward, aimed, and fired.   
She wanted to cry at the injustice of it all.  Here was a woman who had obviously taken good care of herself and her unborn child.  A shopping bag still clung precariously to one shoulder.  Its contents had mostly fallen out as she had fallen.  Packages of tiny pink booties spilled onto the floor.  One-piece t-shirts and a pale pink blanket were soaking up the gore.  A rattle still rocked back and forth before coming to a stop.
Jayden heard more attacks around her.  She fought the sadness that permeated her being, and tried to remind herself that this was the new world.  She’d better get used to it in a hurry, because if she didn’t, she would leave herself and her friends vulnerable by crying over something she had no control of.  She turned and saw Heather looking at the dead pregnant woman.  Dead thing!  Young mother-to-be.  Dead thing!  And she saw that Heather had a different take on the image.  
Jayden tried to read Heather.  And then she thought she knew what her expression said.  
Their eyes locked together.  
It was fear she read in Heather’s eyes.  Fear that one day she may soon look like the dead pregnant woman.  Dead thing!  Dead mother.  Shuffler.  Zombie.
Jayden was horrified.  Not only was Heather suffering from the savage assault on her body, she was afraid she was pregnant.  The repulsive thought almost made her gag.  Before she could say anything, Heather turned and walked away.  
“Are you okay?”  Ryhs was beside her.  He, too, looked like he felt sadness over what had become of the young mother-to-be.  
“I’m fine,” she said.  It seemed he was always asking her if she was okay.  “But thanks for asking.”
She grabbed a poncho off the shelf and laid it over the dead woman.  Dead thing, she reminded herself.  
Two more shots rang out half-way down the length of the store.  
“Sam!” Jayden said his name aloud and then searched from where she thought the shots had come from. “Sam!”  This time she yelled her brother’s name.  
“I’m okay!” he shouted.  “But I didn’t have time to use my knife.”  
Henry appeared in the main aisle.  “I think we got them all.  But don’t assume it.  Take a cart and get as much as you can.  I’ll get stuff for Emily.  Jayden and Heather, get stuff for Katie and Lauren.”
“I’ll get Katie’s,” Jayden said.  “Can you get Lauren’s stuff?”
Heather nodded and went to get a cart.  Jayden did the same, thinking the store could only offer some basic things.  But they did have pink booties.   She didn’t want to think about that.
After she got jeans, tops, socks, and outer wear, she even found some un-sexy underwear.  Nothing like dressing for comfort and practicality.  She thought of Nick.
Whenever she thought of him, it felt like her intestines were being wrung out.  Like she was going to be sick if she didn’t stop thinking of him.  His betrayal had left her feeling inadequate and self-conscious.  And shameful.  Like a dirty little secret.  If your own husband didn’t find you attractive, what makes you think anyone else would?  And then she would angrily bury those thoughts.  They were the thoughts of a weak woman.  Someone who thought she deserved what she had gotten.  
She forced herself to take inventory of what was in her cart.  She got a couple of different sizes, just in case she misjudged Katie.  The girl was a twig, but tall.  She didn’t want her to dress in high waters.  
On the way to the front of the store, she found some better gloves that would be appropriate in cold weather.  Something kept telling her to think about that.  Prepare for the cold and snow.  But what else?  And then she thought, why should they prepare?  Why make things harder?  They should move south where they would have a better chance of surviving the winter.  Even with so many roads impassable, she thought they could make it to the Deep South in a month’s time.  If everyone agreed to go.
“Everyone ready?” Henry shouted from the front.  “Time to pack up and go.  By the time we get home, it’ll be late afternoon.”
Everyone hurried to join Henry with their loaded carts.  Ryhs, Logan, and Jayden surveyed the parking lot and then ran to get the vehicles.  When they were parked in front of the main doors, everyone quickly loaded the vehicles and got inside.  Soon they were on the frontage road and headed back the way they had come.
Several times, they had to drive around dead things.  Sometimes the shufflers ran after them like ill-behaved dogs chasing cars.  And sometimes the things just ran headlong into the side of their vehicles, getting run over in the process.  
When they were outside the city and well on their way home, Jayden opened her window.  She was feeling overcome with anxiety.  She knew partly why she felt the way she did: the dead thing she had downed-the pregnant woman-had bothered her more than she wanted to admit.  But it was also because of what had happened to Heather.  And what Nick had done to her.  Worry over Malik and his crazy men.  The unknown of what this new world had brought to them.  And it was after a half hour or so that a distant sound came to her ears.  It was the sound of a loud motorcycle.
“I hear a motorcycle,” she said.  “Listen!”
Henry rolled down his window, could not hear it, and then pulled over to the side of the road.  
“It’s coming from the south,” Jayden said.  “Can you hear it now?”
The others finally heard it.  
“It might not be Smithy, but it could be,” she said.  “And it’s getting louder.”
By this time, the others had gotten out of the pickup.  
“Henry, we need to get off this road,” Jayden said.  “There could be others with him.”
They took off and turned north at the next intersection.  Jayden kept looking behind them, because she feared the bike was on the intersecting road that led to the south.  
The next road they came to, Henry turned left and they were headed west again.  After a few minutes, they pulled over, listened, and heard nothing.
The ride home found everyone exhausted.  It had been a long and stressful day, but as they neared their new home, they felt confident that they had not been followed.  
When they reached the gates, Jayden breathed a sigh of relief.  Everything looked fine.  No strange vehicles.  No sign that there had been any trouble.
Suddenly the front door opened and Katie came running down the long drive, waving and smiling.  Her face was flushed with excitement.  “Finally!” she shouted.   She ran into the guardhouse and the gates opened.  After they drove through, she closed them.  She ran alongside the Explorer, chattering as they drove up to the house.  
“I thought you’d never get here!  Thank God you’re safe!  Did you have any trouble?”  She jumped up to see Sam’s face.  
Jayden laughed.  “We’re fine.  Let’s just get everything inside, and we’ll tell you all about it.”
They parked in the garage and unloaded the supplies.  The previous owner’s car had been moved to one of the out buildings, enabling the group to have their own vehicles nearby. 
Emily, Katie, and Lauren looked over their new clothes and supplies.  It was clear Lauren did not think the clothes were good enough for her, but she had the good sense to keep her opinion to herself.  Billy thanked Heather for what she had gotten him, but first he hugged her and asked if she was all right.  She whispered something in his ear and his face turned white.  
“Dinner will be ready in half an hour,” Em said.  “But first, we want to know how your day went.  Did you find out anything new?  Did you see a lot of zombies?”
She looked closer and saw that some of them had blood spots and gore on them.  
“I think maybe you all need to shower and change before dinner.  We can wait until you are ready.”  
She steered Henry to their bedroom, carrying his new clothes.  Heather and Billy disappeared into their room.  Everyone else went to clean up and change, leaving Katie and Lauren to ready the dinner table.
When everyone was finished and downstairs again, they gathered around the table.  Henry said a prayer of thanks for keeping everyone safe, and asked that the same be done for their home.  Everyone began to talk about what had happened while they had been separated from each other.  Nothing had happened at the house.  Everyone had taken turns standing guard.  When the others came home, Katie had been on her way outside to start her next round. 
When the others told of the herd of dead things, and later, the appearance and death of Smithy’s companion, everyone listened in silence.  They looked frightened when they were told of Smithy getting away, how they had cleared the store before they shopped, and then on the way home when they had heard a motorcycle in the distance.  Everyone thought it was too coincidental for it not to be Smithy.  They felt sure Malik Taber and his men would be with him.  
Billy put his arm around Heather and kissed her.  “I should have been there,” he said.
“No.  You have to get better.  It might be harder next time.”
“She’s right,” Jayden said.  “Next time, we might have to deal with all of them. Or worse.”
From then on, they decided there would not be a time when they would not guard themselves. They would take turns, two guards per shift.



Chapter 21



 Jayden and Ryhs walked the fence line along the perimeter.  The route had been traveled every day from sunup to sundown, and they had created a soft pathway underfoot. Care was taken to make sure the three entry gates remained locked and free of signs that anyone had attempted entry.  
They walked through the tall grass.  The seed heads were beginning to turn brown on yellowing stalks.  The group had decided to save gas, and so had elected not to mow the grounds.  Besides, the noise of the engines would have attracted shufflers, and they didn’t want the living to know anyone was there, either.  
It had been over three weeks since the outing to Madison, and with no sign of Malik or Smithy, the group had settled into a comfortable routine. At least five days a week, trips had been taken to nearby stores and homes.  Food and rations were taken, along with weapons and ammo, and every conceivable item the group thought they might need during the coming winter.  They had even raided the surrounding townships of their stacks of firewood.  By best estimate, they now had at least twenty-five cord stacked alongside the back shed.
They had also become better with all types of weapons.  So far, they had been lucky: Usually they only ran into a few shufflers at a time.  Those were easily dealt with, and each person took turns killing them.  Only once had they had to run from a group of about twenty shufflers.  And that was the number left after at least a dozen had been killed.  They knew that it was only a matter of time before their new skills would be sorely tested.  
Jayden eyed the canopy of leaves overhead.  The trees were near their peak of turning, creating a beautiful ceiling of orange, yellow, and red.  She pulled out a long stem of grass and chewed on the pale green end.  
“How ready do you think everyone is?”
Ryhs was silent as he thought.  
They had found a neighboring police department’s shooting range to use for practice.  Everyone had to participate, and so far, Jayden thought they were doing great.  Even Lauren was getting the hang of it.  As for herself, Sam, Henry and Em, Heather and Billy, and of course, Ryhs, it had only been a matter of improving their skills.  Logan had caught on quick, and he was busy teaching many of them to use the crossbow.  Katie had been extremely nervous, but even she was coming along just fine.  Cayden had had the most to conquer, but after his fear of handling a gun, he was beginning to like it.  She thought he would do even better if he would stop, or at least tame, his bad habit. 
“I think, with the exception of Katie, Cayden, and Lauren,” Ryhs said, “we can ease up on practicing.  We don’t want to run out of ammo.”
“We’ve got tons,” Jayden said.
“It won’t last like tons,” Ryhs countered, “if we find ourselves overrun by shufflers or human enemies.  And you see what’s happened.  We’ve picked the surrounding area clean and the farther out we go, the more we see evidence of others taking it.  Obviously, we aren’t alone.”
Jayden nodded in agreement.  “I know.  And as far as our group goes, we need to address Cayden’s little problem.”
“Which isn’t little anymore.  Em’s going to beat his ass if he doesn’t straighten up.”
“Logan, too,” she said.  “What we need is a group interdiction.  We haven’t tried that, but I think we’ll have to.  He’s not only hurting himself.  He could put us all in jeopardy.  You heard Sam this morning.  He said if he has to spend another night guarding with Cayden, he was going to string him up.  He sleeps half the night!”
“And last night, he took off in the Escape and went looking for drugs!  He left the gate wide open and unarmed!”
“What?” Jayden said, her face turning red in anger.  “I never heard that!”
“Don’t be pissed,” Ryhs said, touching her arm.  “Sam told me because he didn’t know what to do.  He said you’d kill the kid if you found out.”
Jayden expelled a pent-up breath.  “What was he thinking?  That I’d never find out?”
“Who do you mean?  Sam or Cayden?”
“Both!  But especially Cayden.”  She shook her head.  “I’m disappointed Sam never told me.”
“Don’t tell him I told you,” Ryhs said.  “He said he was going to tell you today and get your opinion on what to do, then maybe have a group confrontation.”
“Well, I guess he thought of interdiction, too.  But it still pisses me off.”
“Cut your brother some slack, Jayden.  You have to admit, you weren’t in the best of moods this morning.”
Jayden knew immediately what he was talking about.  Her insomnia was becoming an issue.  She either couldn’t get to sleep, or she’d wake up in the middle of the night unable to go back to sleep.  She knew it was worry and stress keeping her awake, but so far, she had been unable to control it.  Her bitchiness was making her think that she and Lauren had more in common than she had first thought.  
“Fine, but we have to address it today.  He’s still sleeping, so maybe when we get back, we can tell the others and go on from there.  It’s going to be hard on Em.”
“She’s known about it for some time,” Ryhs said.  “I can tell.  Ever since the day we moved in and she told everyone about them losing their son.”
“I’m glad I never had kids,” she said.  “I’ve known Henry and Em forever.  I don’t think they’ve ever gotten over it.  Especially Em.”
Ryhs was silent.
“I’m sorry, Ryhs.  I didn’t think.”
They had neared the corner of the property.  The black iron fencing formed a ninety-degree angle and continued on toward the guardhouse several yards away.  Wild hazelnut bushes grew thick and tall on the other side beneath a narrow stand of oaks with the road beyond.  
Ryhs turned and faced the barely-visible road.  His shoulders shook, and he roughly wiped at his face, angry at his inability to hide his emotions.  
Jayden stayed where she was.  Ryhs was as impenetrable as the fence beyond.  She could almost see grief and guilt rise from him like smoke from a chimney.  
“It’s not your fault.  By everything you’ve told me, you and Karen had a great relationship.  She knew you loved her.  Your baby knew she was loved.  You did not lose everything in the span of a few minutes.”
He spun around, his face contorted in anger.  “You don’t know that!  You weren’t there.  You didn’t hear what was said or how it was said.  How hurt she was.  She couldn’t even look at me.”
Jayden dropped her gaze under the weight of his pain and anger.  Everything she wanted to say would only sound like a cliché.  But her belief in something more than just the physical world was something that she could not even put into words.  It was beyond belief.  Maybe faith was a better word, but still, unexplainable to a man that now dared her to refute him.  All she could do was offer friendship and create a safe place to unload his unbearable guilt.
“You’re right,” she said, slowly walking up to him.  She laid her head on his chest, keeping her hands at her sides.  “I wasn’t there.  I have no right to assume anything.”
She could feel his body start to relax, his breathing slow down.  Soon the atmosphere changed and she stepped back.  She did not want to give him the wrong impression.  That she was as self-serving as Lauren.  
“Let’s go.”
She started to walk away and he followed, his expression once more inscrutable.  
After a while, he said, “Thanks.”  
She gave him a half grin.  “That’s what friends are for.”
He grinned back and his rugged face lit up.  Jayden’s heart skipped a beat, and she quickly averted her eyes.  She did not want him to see how attracted she was to him.  Especially after he had let his guard down over the pain of losing his wife and child.  She quickened her pace and suffered her own bout of guilt.  

That evening after supper, everyone stayed at the table, taking their time over Em’s and Katie’s baked cheesecake.  Jayden and Ryhs had already talked to Sam and Henry about Cayden, and were now waiting for Henry to bring it up to the group.  
Henry cleared his throat, pushed his glasses up, and wiped his mouth on a napkin.
“We’re doing a good job getting ready for the winter,” he said.  “But there’s something we haven’t gotten yet, and that’s a tanker of fuel.   Now, we have to be sure.  Is this where we want to spend the winter?”   
He looked around and was met with nodding heads and words of assent.
“Okay.  We might need to have two tankers, just to make sure.  If we lose power, we’ll have to make sure the generator stays full.  Right now, it’s supplied by a gas line from the gas company.  We’ll have to figure out how to rig it up so a tanker can supply it.  Anyone know how to do that?”
Cayden spoke up.  He pointed at his head.  “Uh, let me check my files.  I know it’s in here somewhere.”
Some laughed, but those who knew what was coming, kept silent.  And like most addicts, Cayden was hyper vigilant about being found out.  He looked a bit taken aback and leaned back in his chair.  
“We need to check Jacob’s Gas,” Henry said.   “There’s got to be a full tanker or two with keys either in them or nearby.  I say we go tomorrow.  Any takers?”  He looked around.
“I’ll go with you,” Jayden said.  
“Me, too,” Sam said, along with Logan and Ryhs.
Now that Henry had continued the conversation about fuel, Cayden relaxed.  But only as relaxed as he could be right now.  His legs were a steady staccato of movement, the balls of his feet wiggling, sending vibrations along the floor.  His pupils were dilated and his speech was slower than normal. 
Jayden studied him.  She knew he had been in his slow and stupid stage for at least a couple of weeks, getting worse, it seemed, by the day.  She surmised his jittery leg movements must be a result of wondering whether or not he was going to be confronted over leaving the property last night.  Henry surprised her by going on the attack.
“Cayden, you are putting our group in danger.”
Henry spoke matter-of-factly, leaving no room for argument.  Cayden’s eyes widened and red suffused his neck.  He was no longer the comic relief, but a spring ready to fly.  He opened his mouth as if to speak, but Henry beat him to it.
“I know that in your world it was normal.  But this is no longer a world that can put up with that type of behavior.  You left us last night with the gates wide open and unarmed.  What if a dead thing, or a lot of dead things, had come in?  One of us would have walked out unaware. Is your shit so important that you’d leave us vulnerable to attack?”
Cayden gave Sam an accusing look.  
“What?” Sam asked.  “You think I wasn’t supposed to say anything?  What if we would have been separated at the time and I wouldn’t have known you were gone?  I killed those shufflers outside the fence just yesterday.  Others could have been close enough to get inside.”
Emily sighed and looked sad.  “Cayden, I have talked to you till my face turned blue.  You promised me you would stop.”
“Yeah, well, you’re not my mother!” he said, rising to his feet.  He almost lost his balance, but was able to hold on to the table.  
“Cayden!” Logan said sharply.
“And you’re not my dad!” Cayden shouted.  “So stop pretending.  All of you!  I’ve been carrying my weight around here.  And now that I fuck up once, you’re all ready to come down on me.  Sorry for not being fucking perfect!”
“We’re not trying to gang up on you,” Em said.  “But-”
“But nothing.  I’ve heard enough.”  He turned and started walking toward the living room, but he ran into a chair and it turned him around.  “I’ll just go to my room and be a good little boy.”
“Don’t expect to find any of your shit,” Lauren said.  “I went through it and I can pretty much tell you with certainty that I got all your junk.  Every last bottle of Robo, every little pill.  And there was a lot, I must say.”  She smirked at him, proud of herself.
“Wow!” Cayden said.  “The outcast herself speaks.  You trying to make an in for yourself?  No one can stand you, trust me.”
Lauren did not say anything.  She raised her glass to him in a mock toast.  “Knock yourself out, kid.  Nothing you say bothers me.  I just don’t care.”
“Fuck you!  Fuck all of you!”  
Cayden turned and ran toward the hall.  They heard him bouncing off the wall as he ran up the stairs.  Jayden cringed.  She expected him to tumble down.
“That went well, didn’t it?” Lauren asked with another smirk.  “And just so you all know?  I know what he said is true, but I meant what I said.  I don’t give a damn.  I just don’t want the stupid kid causing a dead thing to eat me in my sleep.”
A few moments later, they heard the roar of the pickup truck.  By now it was almost dark, and the truck’s headlights speared toward the front gate.  
“He’s going to kill himself,” Logan said, running to the front door.  “How’d he get the keys?  I had them right here in my pocket.”  He stopped, patted down his pants pocket, and then said, “I forgot.  I changed pants and the little shit must have taken them.”
“Let him go!” Henry yelled.  “Just make sure the gate is locked and armed.  If we chase him down, he’ll just drive himself into a tree.  He’s so high now, I don’t know how he can even stay on the road.”
“We can’t just let him go!” Logan said.  “I’ve known him for a long time.  His uppity parents never had time for him.  Never gave a shit about anything he did.  He was just getting to trust me, and now this!” He threw up his hands in frustration.  “I’m going after him.”
He grabbed the keys for the Explorer from the wall.  The pickup’s would have been there, too, but since he was the one who drove it all the time, it had become a habit to hang on to them.
 “Someone close the gate after me,” he yelled. 
The front door slammed and Logan was gone.
Henry shook his head.  “Guess I didn’t handle that too well.”
“Stop,” Em said, laying a hand on his arm.  “There is no way he would have accepted it no matter who did it or how it was done.  You know that from James.  When they get like that, they don’t listen to anyone or anything.  All they care about is getting high.  So don’t you dare blame yourself again.”
Henry gave her a sidelong glance.  His blue eyes were furrowed in worry.  
“But-”
“But nothing,” she said, fighting back tears.  “We’ve been through this before.  If he doesn’t want to stop, no one can make him.”
“We might have to,” Jayden said.  “For the good of the group.  And hope he comes to his senses when he’s sober.”
“If he comes back,” Ryhs said.  “He’s not a bad kid.  We have to try to win him back.”
“I was just starting to get along with him,” Katie said.  “He’s kind of a pain, but I know others that are just like him.  He told me not long ago how much he likes our group.  He said it was the first time he ever felt like he belonged.  We’re like family to him.”
“He should have stuck to pot,” Heather said, playing with a long strand of dark brown hair.  Her eyes widened when she saw the shocked look from the others.  “I mean, I’d be a hypocrite if I acted like I didn’t like pot.  But pot’s a lot different than getting high off scripts and cough meds.”
“I think maybe we all should take things in moderation,” Henry said.  “Right now, all I want is for him to be safe.  I never anticipated he’d run off like that.  Should we go after him, too?”
Emily shook her head.  “No.  Let Logan do it.  He knows him the best, and Cayden trusts him.  He’ll bring him back.  Don’t worry.”
Emily did not look confident.  But she did look worried.



Chapter 22



 Cayden lurches to the pickup truck, grabs the door handle, misses, and falls.  All he can think about is getting the hell out of here, but it’s so dark!  If not for the security light, he knows he’d be in big trouble.  Better hurry, too, ‘cause someone is bound to come after him.
He finally gets to his feet, yanks on the handle, opens the door.  He pulls himself up by hanging on to the steering wheel and is finally inside with the door shut.  The dome light almost blinds him, yet it helps so he can put the key in the ignition.  The engine roars to life and he is flying to the front gate.
Fuck!  Gate’s closed!  When the hell did that happen?
He pounces on the brakes, slams the shifter into Park, and is running to the guardhouse.  Here he pauses for a moment: He doesn’t like the memory of the two dead security guards that had once tried to eat him.  His skin crawls.  
He remembers there is a flashlight in the glove box.  And fuck!  He hears the front door of the house slam shut.  Someone is coming after him.  He turns, wrenches open the passenger door, opens the glove box, and finds what he is looking for.  Soon it is only a matter of time and the gates open wide.  He is back in the truck, hits the blacktop of the little country road, and punches the gas pedal.  
And awaaaaay we go!  Freedom, sweet freedom.  
Cayden thinks if he would have stayed inside the house a second more, he would have gone completely cray cray.  Who the hell do they think they are?  It’s the end of the fucking world, for Christ’s sake.  Who the hell cares what anyone does?  “It doesn’t MATTER!”
He is speeding along, bouncing over potholes left over from last winter, and the wheels keep finding the soft sand of the shoulder.  The sand wants to pull him into the ditch, but he knows he’s a good driver, always has been.  Well, as good as a year’s worth of driving experience can get you.  
He sees a sign post up ahead, thinks he might turn left and go to the highway. 
“The highway of Luuuuuvvvvv!”  
This little made-up tune reminds him of a song from a long time ago.  Back when he was just a little guy.  “Get your kicks on Route 66!”
A melancholy moment seizes him.  A memory takes him in its grip and won’t let go.  Of an old man with a mostly bald head.  Singing as he drives, laughing, and watching little Cayden laugh, too. 
Big Cayden is lost in the warm glow of unconditional love.  He feels truly cherished and appreciated in the way only a grandpa’s love can make you feel. 
“I miss you, Grandpaaaaa,”
His eyes tear up and he is crying.  He almost misses the turn, stomps on the brakes, and makes a quick ninety-degree turn to the left.  He is in the left shoulder of the road so he pulls the wheel to the right.  The truck fishtails over the road and soon he is back on the right side, clipping along at a good pace.  
Grandpa Taylor says, “You better slow down, son.  You never know what can jump out in front of you.”
Cayden starts, does a double take.  
“Grandpa?”
“You know I watch over you, don’t you?”
Cayden stares at the seat next to him.  Almost goes in the ditch again.  Gets the truck back on course.  Sees headlights in the rear-view mirror.  He gives the engine more gas.
He reminds himself to not forget about the T intersection up ahead.  He wants to turn right.  Go west, young man.  Go west.  Maybe he’ll drive so far as western Minnesota before stopping.  Maybe then he’ll forget about the demons chasing him.
He glances at Grandpa.  He looks like he always did.  Jeans, white t-shirt, suspenders.  He’s even smoking one of his thin cigars.  
Cayden closes his eyes and breathes deep.  He loves the smell of Grandpa’s cigars.  Sweet. Black cherry, he thinks.  
“Oooh, look out!” Grandpa says.  He has a way of talking like he might be excited, but it always comes out calm and smooth.
Cayden looks up just in time to see a raccoon running from right to left.  He tries to stop but it’s too late.  His reflexes are a little slow, too, but that’s to be expected.  He is, after all, riding the highway of luuuuuuv.
The truck does little more than what a blip on the radar screen would do.  Cayden feels a little bump and it is all over.
“You knew that would happen, didn’t you, Grandpa?”
Grandpa doesn’t say anything.  He just takes another toke on his skinny cigar.  
“If Jayden and Henry were here, they’d kill me.”  
Grandpa cracks open his window a bit.  Now the smoke runs out the window almost as fast as Cayden is running away.  
“They love animals a lot.”  
Cayden is feeling guilty for killing one of the few animals he has seen since the end of the world.  Everyone talked about it.  They think maybe the shufflers got most of them.  Like Henry’s cows.  Even lately, Cayden could see Henry searching the fields they drove past when they took their raiding trips.  Like he was expecting cattle to be dotting the fields like his used to.
And Jayden.  Don’t even get her started.  She was a semi-vegetarian.  In the last couple of weeks, she had made them stop at farms while she checked the barns and outbuildings for animals.  She even checked out a humane society building.  No cats. No dogs.  It was as if they had never existed.  She even talked about the whispers the night it happened.  She said she thought maybe the earth or nature had turned against them all.  And she had heard the whispers since, too.
Talk about a wacko chick.
He looks over at Grandpa.  Grandpa smiles at him, takes another hit off his cigar, then blows it out the window.  
He realizes, uncomfortably, that maybe he shouldn’t be calling Jayden wacko.  Look who’s seeing things.
He looks in his rear-view mirror.  The headlights are still back there, but not any closer than before.  
His head feels a little full.  You silly bear.  Full of fluff.  He eyes the lights in back again and then searches for the stop sign he knows is not too far ahead.  He wants to ask Grandpa who he thinks is behind them.  Maybe I should stop?  The idea comes to him suddenly, and just as suddenly, he dismisses it.   
“Thanks for being here, Grandpa.”
“I’m always here, Cayden.  You just can’t see me.”
“But why? Why is that?”
Grandpa exhales slowly and deeply.  “Well, it’s just the nature of things.  I can’t be telling you what to do all the time.  You gotta make your own decisions.”
Cayden’s brows furrow.  He looks in the rear-view mirror again, but this time, he’s trying to get a look at himself.  It’s dark, but he can kind of see his blue eyes trying to find him.  His blonde hair has gotten longer but he likes it.  Light from the dashboard glints off the tiny rings in his eyebrow, nose, and ears.  He is the same little guy he always was.  A stab of dislike spears his heart.
“Now why do you do that?” Grandpa says.  
“Do what?” Cayden says.  “I never said anything.”
“Sure you did.  You said you hate yourself.”
Cayden shakes his head.  “No I didn’t.”  
This is, after all, Grandpa he is talking to.  
Don’t you go dissin’ him.
I’m not!
Am, too.
Not!
Are.  Just shut up, already!
Cayden thinks for a while.  He thinks maybe Grandpa can hear his thoughts.  That would explain a few things-
“Are you my guardian angel?”
“No.”
“Then what are you?”
“Who do you think I am?”  It wasn’t a challenge.  It was a probing question.
“I think...  I think you’re Grandpa.  You act like him.  You sound like him.  You make me feel the way he always did.”
“That is what I want you to always remember,” Grandpa says.  
Cayden is feeling very emotional.  He knows it is beyond what the drugs do to him.  It is the kind of emotion that makes his heart feel like it is breaking and overflowing with love all at the same time.  Then he thinks of something else.  Something he suddenly wants to know.
“Are Mom and Dad still alive?”
Grandpa doesn’t answer.  He doesn’t even look.  He just takes another toke.  
“I just wish...”
“I know you do.  They did love you, you know.  But they were too involved in their own lives.”
“Yeah, well.  They made me feel like shit.” 
“Their neglect did not make you less worthy.  You only thought it did.”
“That doesn’t make any sense.”
Grandpa is silent.  
“What’s a little kid supposed to think?” Cayden says, getting angry.  “They never spent any time with me.  They shipped me off to school and hired a housekeeper and nanny to be there because they didn’t want to be!”
Grandpa exhales smoke out the window.  Cayden has a feeling Grandpa is watching him in the window’s reflection.
“Not once did they come to school for parent-teacher conference.  All they could think about was party, party, party!  Belonging to Who’s-Who clubs.  Giving to charities so they’d look good.”
Silence.
“Are you listening, Grandpa?  How could your daughter be so different than you?  Her husband?  Is that why you hardly ever came over?  Because they didn’t like you, either?”
But Grandpa had come to see him.  He had come and picked him up.  Taken him to the house he shared with Grandma.  But Grandma always seemed to be sick, confined to the house.  But Grandpa took him places.  Made him feel special.
Cayden looks ahead and sees the stop sign he has been looking for.  The lights behind are keeping the same distance.  He wonders who it could be.  Mr. A, I bet.
“He loves you, too, you know.”
“Mr. A?”
“Mr. A.  He’s a good man.  You can trust him.”
Cayden smiles and realizes that he does trust Mr. A.  But he still doesn’t want to stop and turn back.  Not yet.  He needs time to be alone.  Well, time to be alone with Grandpa.  
 He glides to a stop and turns right.  He knows most of the area after frequent foraging trips.  He knows that after a while he will come to the interstate that will take him to Wisconsin Dells and on to Minneapolis and St. Paul.  He feels a little hesitation creeping in.  Even a bit of lucidity.  
Maybe going west that far isn’t such a great idea.  
But going back doesn’t feel right, either.
Lauren took his stash, the bitch.  
Before he goes back, he thinks he will have to restock.  
He feels a twinge of guilt and looks at Grandpa.  Grandpa is busy looking out the window.  The clouds have mostly cleared out and the moonlight reveals some of the landscape.  He thinks it is amazing how quiet and free the roads are.  He knows there are tons of shufflers around.  Why not here?  Because there is nothing to eat.  He knows they go where the living are.  This makes him think of home again.  Home.  His new family.  
He misses them.  If not for Grandpa, he would feel totally lost and alone.  But Grandpa’s not talking now, so the loneliness creeps in even farther.  He suddenly feels guilt at having treated his new family so bad. 
Ain’t no reason I can’t have my cake and eat it, too.  They’ll just have to understand that that’s the way I am.
“Right, Grandpa?”
Grandpa looks over at him, says nothing, and then looks away.
“Why won’t you answer me?”
Grandpa stays silent.  
Cayden is filled with frustration.  
“What?  Am I supposed to think this out on my own?  Why can’t you help me?  Why are you even here if you won’t help me?”
Grandpa continues to look straight ahead.
Cayden feels a spark of anger.  And then he feels a pang of remorse.  
“I’m sorry, Grandpa.  You want me to figure it out myself, don’t you?”
Grandpa looks at him with love.  He smiles.  Then turns away.
Cayden slows a bit but continues on.  For a while, he has not seen the lights in the mirror.  But now they are back again.  And coming closer.  It creates an unsettling feeling in Cayden.  He doesn’t like the fact that Mr. A has decided to speed up.  Cayden doesn’t want a confrontation.  He has almost made up his mind to go back, and now this.  Something doesn’t feel right.  
Up ahead is a tiny unincorporated village.  There is a billboard on the side of the road that is lit up from two lights directed up at it.  Cayden slows down.  He has decided to go back.
“Remember,” Grandpa says.
“Remember what, Grandpa?” 
“I love you.”
Cayden smiles to himself and slows to a crawl.  
He spots movement.
There is a car on the side of the road.  Nothing unusual about that.  Cayden knows anyone would be hard-pressed to go two miles without passing an abandoned vehicle.  But this one is different.  The headlights are off, but the dim light from a dome light is visible.  The front door is wide open. 
Cayden makes sure the doors on the truck are locked.  And then he comes to a complete stop and looks over to the right.
Below the billboard that proclaims, Fine Dining at Big Sky Supper Club!  Up Ahead 2 Miles! is fine dining at its worst.  Two dead things are gorging on what appears to be a woman.  A third shuffles into view from the left.  No, make that a forth.
Cayden is so fixated on the incongruous sight that he is lost in tunnel vision.  
“Ain’t that a kick-ass vision?  Fine dining!  Hmmmpphh”
And bad ass gross, too.  Time to get the hell out of here.
Just as Cayden prepares to do a U-turn, a flash of light lights up the back of the cab, almost blinding him.  A horn blares from behind.
“What the hell!  Ease up, Mr. A!”
Cayden looks out his window, trying to see more from the side-view mirror.    A rough and loud Vroom!  Vroom! comes to him and Cayden is suddenly afraid.  He knows Mr. A would never act that way.  He knows, is absolutely sure, hashtag, I could shit my pants, that it is not Mr. A or anyone else from his new family.  
An outline of a large man is in front of the headlight behind Cayden.  It blocks any identifying features, but Cayden is feeling a suspicious surety of who it might be.  The truck sounds eerily familiar to the one the crazy dude and his even crazier buddy were in.  
Cayden’s breathing speeds up and his stomach churns in fear.  He has an uncomfortable vision of wetting himself.  He sees a change in the shadow before the headlight.  He hears the unmistakable Chuck-chuck! of a shell being loaded into a shotgun.  And then a warm feeling infuses his crotch.  He has wet himself and is frozen in fear.
“Now would be a good time to leave, Cayden,” Grandpa says.
It is enough to thaw Cayden’s fear.  He throws the gear stick into drive and jumps on the gas.  The pickup tires squeal, and for a milli-second the truck is stationary before bucking forward, taking Cayden with it.   
All he can think of now is to get home.  If he can make a quick U-turn, he should be able to leave the strangers behind and have half a chance of getting away.
Cayden drives several yards and then manages to make a decent U-turn, and on the way back, his deepest fears are confirmed.  The giant Malik Taber is standing, aiming his shotgun at Cayden’s windshield.  He can see Smithy’s almost toothless grin leering from the other side of Malik’s truck.  Even more disconcerting, is the discovery of another truck behind Malik’s.  
Cayden closes his eyes, hits the gas, and tries to ram the seven-foot giant.  A split second later, Cayden acknowledges the futility of driving with his eyes closed.  He opens them just in time to see that he is going to hit the truck head on.  But not before Malik takes aim and fires off a shot.
At the last second, he veers to the right, and the truck is driving on its two passenger-side wheels.  Cayden forgets to brake.  Instead, he over-corrects and steers to the left.  The pickup flips over, crashing with a nerve-splitting Bang!  Bang!   End over end, the truck comes to a sudden stop, right-side up against a tree, thirty yards up the road.
In the sudden stillness, Cayden has a fraction of a moment to see inside the cab.  Grandpa’s side of the truck is like a V, mangled steel coming to rest against Cayden’s right thigh.  Pain threatens to engulf him, causing his eyelids to flutter.  
Before he passes out, he realizes that Grandpa is gone.



Chapter 23



Logan made sure the gate was closed before he drove off after Cayden.  Jayden had pled with him to let her come, but he had told her he thought it would be better if it was just him.  The kid wasn’t thinking clearly, and if he saw too many people, he would just rebel and dig in his heals even further.  He did accept the cell phone Jayden thrust at him.   
“Remember to call if you need help,” she said.  
“I will,” he had promised.  
He turned on to the road and was relieved when he saw the tail lights of the pickup up ahead.  He gunned it so he wouldn’t be too far behind, yet he wanted to give the kid some distance.  He didn’t want to be responsible for Cayden ending up in the ditch.  
Not far up, he saw Cayden take a left.  It looked like he almost lost control of the truck before continuing on.  
“Damn it, Cayden!” Logan muttered.  
He was afraid for the kid.  Irritated, too.  They were all living in such uncertain times now, and he knew each of them was afraid, even if they tried to act like they weren’t.  Finding the big house and gated property had made them all feel safe, almost normal.  Until they had to make raids to stock up on everything, that was. Or go to the range to practice firing guns and learning how to chop and dice shufflers.  Always on the lookout for dead things and people who they could never be sure were friend or foe.  Several times, they had seen humans being attacked by shufflers.  Twice they had tried to intervene. Tried to save the humans.  But there were too many dead things, and they had almost failed to get away themselves.  It had forced the group to re-think their situation.  It had made them harden their minds and hearts to strangers.  No more trying to save.  They could only save themselves.
Never far from mind was the thought of Malik and Smithy.  Heather and Billy had told the group more.  But it had been difficult for the young couple.  As tough as they tried to be, it was obvious they had been traumatized.  Especially Heather.  Hell, they had all been traumatized.  
Logan slowed and turned left.  He continued to follow Cayden, keeping the same distance between them.  He knew that if he tried to catch up, Cayden would only do something even more rash.  Right now, the kid was not only under the influence of drugs, but also his fear. 
He knew that finding the guitars had helped Cayden out.  They had both played them in front of the group.  The admiration of their skill, especially Cayden’s, had not been lost on the kid.  He was coming into his own.  And Katie had been right.  Cayden was feeling like he was part of a family.  He was feeling like he finally belonged.  Which is why Logan was more than irritated.  Of all the time for the kid to fall off the wagon, he had to choose now.
He looked back over the last few weeks.  He had to be honest.  Cayden hadn’t fallen off any wagon.  He had never been on it to begin with.  He had just been careful.  But something had made him begin to take too much, mix it up with other things.  Logan thought maybe it was just because he could.  Every time they went to a store and raided it, Cayden had carried either a backpack or worn a jacket with lots of pockets.  
He didn’t know what the answer was to all of this.  He wasn’t a professional.  How could he possibly know the best way to approach Cayden?  But one thing was sure: if Cayden didn’t stop, he was either going to kill himself or be responsible for the group’s demise.  He had to be stopped.  
Up ahead, he saw the truck swerve and almost hit the ditch again.  He shook his head in frustration.  In a little bit, he saw the dead raccoon.  He wondered where this would end tonight.  Wondered if following the kid was the best course of action.  Maybe he was just making things worse.  But he realized he loved the kid.  He had never had kids of his own, but instinct told him that what he felt for Cayden, could probably pass as parental love.  And it was more than some men had ever felt for their own flesh and blood.  That he knew for certain.
The cell phone rang.  It was Jayden.
“Where are you?” she said.
“Why?”
“I know you didn’t want me to come, but I am, anyway.  So is Sam and Ryhs.”  
Logan exhaled loudly.
“Look, we won’t come anywhere near you,” she hurried on.  “But we won’t be far behind.  Just in case something happens and you need us.”
Logan thought a minute.  He thought it might be a good idea, after all.
“I appreciate that,” he said.  He told her where he was.  “He is also driving like a maniac.  I’m keeping the same distance so I don’t piss him off.  In fact,” he said, looking out and up, “I just turned off my lights.  The moon is bright, and I should be able to follow him just fine.  Oh, wait... he’s braking.  Turning right.  Yep, he turned west on the highway.”
Logan was about to turn his lights back on so he could catch up to Cayden.  He was afraid the kid would turn down some road and lose him.  But then he saw something that made his breath hitch in his throat.  Two sets of headlights just went past the intersection.  They were behind Cayden.
“I’m turning my lights on for now,” he said.  He told Jayden what he had seen.
“We’re right behind you,” she said.  
Logan saw a pair of headlights far behind, and now he was glad that Jayden, Sam, and Ryhs had decided to follow.  He thought the days of doing things on his own were over.  It had become a very dangerous world when even a set of headlights could make you this nervous.   
When he was close to the intersection, he doused his lights again.  He stopped and looked to the right.  Not too far up, he could see the taillights of several vehicles.  They were stopped alongside the road, and one of them seemed to have take-down lights aimed at the back of the first vehicle.  Cayden’s truck.  He saw a shadow, guessed it was from someone walking in front of the last two vehicles.  
Cayden’s in trouble.  He knew it.  Felt it.  But what to do?  He was, after all, just a high school music teacher.  But he had become a soldier of sorts.  A warrior at killing the undead.  He had had a few close calls, but luckily, he had always walked out alive.  He and his friends looked out for each other.  They were his family, too.  And right now, the kid he loved like a son, was in trouble.  He knew it as sure as he knew he had to breathe in order to stay alive. 
Logan put the phone to his ear.  “You still there?”
“Yes.  What’s up?”
“The kid has company.  Looks like two cars parked behind him on the side of the road.  One has take-down lights.”
“A truck, then,” Jayden said.  “You armed?”
Logan thought.  Shit!  Only the machete.
“No.”
“We are,” she said.  “Can we approach you with our lights on?  Without them seeing us?”
“I don’t know.  Turn them off before you get here.”
Jayden did as he asked, and soon they were behind him.  Sam jumped out of the back seat, a 9mm and shotgun in his hands.  Luckily, Ryhs had made sure they had come prepared.  
Sam jumped in the front seat beside Logan and spoke into the phone.  “We’re going to drive up there.  Normal speed so whoever is in back of Cayden doesn’t get suspicious.  Oh, wait.  Hold on....  Cayden’s taking off!”
Jayden inched the SUV up alongside Logan and Sam so she and Ryhs could see.  They saw the pickup drive off at a high rate of speed and suddenly do a U-turn.  
“What the hell is he thinking...” she said.
“He’s going to hit them!” Ryhs said.  He flinched at the sound of a shotgun firing.
Suddenly they saw Cayden lose control of the pickup.  It veered to the south, sped along on two wheels, and then flipped end over end.  With a tremendous Boom! it crashed to a sudden stop against a tree. 
Logan shouted out his window.  “We have to get him!”
“Wait!” Ryhs said.  “Just wait a second!”
As they spoke, the two remaining vehicles began to move.  They turned around in the road and drove up to Cayden’s truck.  They were too far away for Logan and his group to know for sure what was happening.  In a minute, the trucks turned around and headed west.  Soon they were gone from sight.
Logan didn’t wait to talk to anyone.  He turned on his lights and raced up the road.  Jayden followed and then stopped across from Cayden’s truck.  Logan was already out and running up to the pickup, flashlight bobbing along as he ran.   
When Logan shined his light in on Cayden, his heart sank.  His face was full of blood.  His eyes stared straight ahead, unblinking.
“He’s dead!” Logan cried.  “He’s dead!”  
He broke down, shoulders shaking as he wept.  He tried to steady himself on his knees but he fell to the ground.  Sam hunkered down and tried to console him.
Jayden took the flashlight from Logan’s hand.  She didn’t want to see Cayden this way but she had to be sure.  Sometimes things were not as they appeared...
The pickup was mangled, its doors concave.  Shattered glass in rounded pebbles was everywhere.  Blood marred the glass.  
Jayden tried to open the door, but it was jammed shut. She found a toehold in the dented door and inched herself up.  Over Logan’s weeping, she whispered, “Cayden!”
There was no answer.  
“Ryhs, give me a hand,” she said.  
Ryhs helped her get a little higher and steadied her against the frame.  Jayden trained the flashlight on Cayden’s face.  His eyes were closed.  He was a bloody mess, and she inhaled sharply, fearing Logan was right.  And then she shined the light on his chest and saw the slow but unmistakable rise and fall.  If not for Ryhs, she would have fallen to the ground.
“He’s alive!” she yelled.  “He’s alive!  We’ve got to get him out of there!”
Logan jumped to his feet, reached around Jayden, and tried pulling on the door.
“It’s jammed shut,” she said.  “The other side is rammed right up beside him, too.”
“What about the front?” Sam said.  “Can we get him out that way?”
“I don’t know.  The back seat is out.  The roof is caved in and we’ll never be able to get him out that way.”
“Cayden!”  Logan shouted.  “Cayden!  Can you hear me?”
Cayden did not answer.  But something else did.
Jayden turned in the direction of their parked vehicles and beyond.  A wet hissing, growling, and snapping noise of dead things came to them.  The dragging and shuffling of lower limbs slapping on the blacktop filled the night air.  Farther up, the ground-level lights in front of the billboard served as a backdrop of the approaching shufflers.  
“Shit!” Sam said.  “Guns in the car!”  He started to run to the Explorer.
“Sam, no!” Jayden said.  
She dropped the flashlight.  The moment it hit the road, the light went out, and there was almost total darkness.  Their two vehicles’ headlights were still on, but they faced away from them.  And there were shufflers between them and the cars.  There was no way to reach Sam’s weapons in time.  
“Run!” Jayden screamed.  “Lead them away from here!”  
And suddenly the small area between Cayden’s ruined pickup and the other two vehicles had become crowded with bodies.  There were at least a dozen of them, their hated voices becoming a cacophony, anticipating the feeding frenzy close at hand.  
Logan whipped out his machete from his belt and began chopping at the heads he could see outlined from the distant lights of the billboard. 
Jayden had her 9mm out from the police-issue holster she almost always wore.  But she was afraid to fire for fear of hitting one of her own.  
“Sam!  Where are you?  Ryhs?  Run to the east.  I’ve got my gun!”
Only Ryhs answered.  He was calling to the shufflers, trying to make them follow him toward the east.  Jayden could not find Sam.
She smelled the foul odor before the shuffler was on her.  Felt the air move on her left cheek and the subsequent clacking of teeth. She jumped back, brought up her gun, and fired into the mouth of the dead thing.  It dropped at her feet, but another was now in its place.  She fired at that one, too, and down it went, bumping into her so hard she fell backwards.  She heard Sam scream to her right.
Another shuffler was on her now and she could not move.  Her right hand and gun were pinned beneath her.  She felt the liquid spray from its mouth, smelled the decay and rot permeate the inches of air space between them.  She hoped after she was bitten that she could somehow free her hand.  Somehow allow herself the luxury of ending it all before she turned like them.  She wondered if Sam would be joining her.  Maybe they could both go together.
And then the awful weight was lifted from her.  A sharp yet dull Thwak! sounded from just above her before the body was lifted and thrown to the side.  A strong arm pulled her up.
“Try to get to the car and get the guns!” Logan shouted.
Jayden didn’t wait for him to ask her twice.  She ran half-way across the road, fell over a body, scrambled to her feet, and finally reached the Explorer.  She opened the door and was almost blinded by the dome light.  And there was the shotgun and Sam’s nine.  
Something pulled on the back of her jacket.  She twirled, saw the crazed look of what once had been a young woman, and shot her in the face.  Another dead thing rose up behind the first, an old man, and she downed him, too.  The same for an old woman behind him.  And then the passenger door of the Explorer was yanked open and she found herself staring at her brother.
“Sam!” she cried.  “Are you okay?”
He didn’t answer.  Instead he grabbed for the shotgun.  At the same time, his other hand pounded on the glove box.  It sprang open and he had a flashlight in his hand.  He turned it on and he was gone.  
Jayden jumped in the car and shut the door.  All she wanted to do was get light on their situation.  She only hoped she didn’t run one of them over in the process.  She drove forward a few feet and then jockeyed so that the side of Cayden’s truck was visible.  
She almost gagged when she saw what the light revealed.  There were dead shufflers everywhere.  It looked like a battlefield.  Her mind instantly corrected her first thought.  It was a battlefield. Behind her, she heard the Escape roar to life and soon, it, too, was facing inward. 
Sam faced the west, firing the shotgun as fast as he could.  Logan was still hacking with his machete.  Behind her, she heard a rifle discharge once, twice, three times.  And then she was out of the Explorer, standing beside Sam, firing head shots as soon as they came into view.  
Finally, they stopped firing.  The air smelled of gunfire, but it was quickly replaced by the rank odor of gore and rotting flesh.  
“Is everyone okay?” Jayden shouted.  “Did anyone get bit?”
It seemed like forever before anyone answered.  Jayden kept looking at Sam, afraid her brother was not answering because he had been bitten.  
Finally, “I’m okay.  At least I think I am.”
Ryhs and Logan both said they were unharmed.  
“It’s a fucking miracle, too,” Logan said.  “I’m drenched in blood.”
“Thank you,” Jayden said.  “That one was about to eat me.  My gun was pinned and you killed it just in time.”
Logan nodded and hurried to Cayden’s truck.  The others ran up beside him.  Now that there was light, it was easier to see what they needed to do.  
“I think,” Logan said, breaking and removing the rest of the driver’s window, “that we might be able to dislodge him and pull him out this way.”
Jayden was fearful for Cayden’s spine but she knew there was no other choice.  There was a good chance that more shufflers were headed their way.  They were drawn to sound, after all, and they had just invited the whole county.  
Sam jumped up on the hood and cleared away the broken glass from the windshield.  He reached in and grabbed under Cayden’s arms.  At the same time, Logan pulled up using Cayden’s waistband.  
“Lucky he’s so damn little,” Ryhs commented, “or you’d never get him out.”
Sam kept pulling Cayden forward.  It was clear they would not be able to extricate him via the door window.  Instead, Logan was able to free Cayden’s legs, and Sam pulled him out the rest of the way.  Once Cayden was on the hood of the truck, Logan lifted him and carried him to the Explorer.  Jayden hopped in the back, and Cayden was positioned so his head was on her lap.  
Cayden groaned and Jayden exhaled a pent-up breath.  
“He’s still unconscious.  We better hurry and get him home.  I don’t know what to do for him if he wakes up.”
Logan jumped into the driver’s seat.  Sam and Ryhs said they could hear more shufflers. The back door was slammed shut, and Logan had the Explorer started and turned around in a few seconds.  Sam and Ryhs were right behind them.  
“We got him out just in time,” Logan said.  “Hang on!”
He rammed into several shufflers and said there were even more walking from the other direction.  Soon they had turned off the highway and were headed back on the county road.  
They drove in silence until Logan said, “Thanks for not listening to me.”
She smiled in the darkness.  “Thanks for saving me.”
“And now to save Cayden,” he said.  “He needs to know how much we care.”



Chapter 24



Henry and Em were waiting at the gate. They were armed, and as soon as both vehicles entered the property, the gate was closed.  Ryhs waited for them to hop in the Escape and then they were at the house, following Logan and Jayden as they carried Cayden inside.
When Katie saw Cayden, she ran and got blankets and sheets.  She set them down in front of the fire and fashioned a bed.  Logan gently laid Cayden down.  The movement elicited a groan from the boy’s lips.  
Katie covered her mouth in shock as blood continued to ooze from several areas on Cayden’s body.  He had multiple cuts and abrasions on his face, neck, arms, and chest.  His shirt looked like a child had attempted tie-dying using monochromatic red.  
Em sat down beside Cayden and began shouting orders.
“Katie, boil some water and steep some black tea bags in them.  Lauren, go downstairs and get all the sterile bandages, gauze, and wraps you can find.  Heather, get me some scissors and then get someone’s bathrobe.”
She lifted up Cayden’s shirt and saw the dark purple and red bruising that covered his chest and right side.  There was a deep cut that ran from the lower right rib cage toward the side of his abdomen.  Fresh blood continued to stream out.  She grabbed a towel and applied pressure.  Cayden’s eyelids fluttered open as he cried out.  
“I’m sure his ribs are bruised,” she said.  “If we can stop the blood, I think he’ll be okay.  I don’t think the wound is terribly deep.  Jayden, do you remember how to make sugardine?”
Jayden thought for a moment.  “Sugar and Betadine, right?”
Emily nodded and Jayden took off.  She had seen some Betadine in the kitchen.  The sugar would obviously be there, too.  
“Billy, can you bring a large pot of warm water and some liquid soap? I’ve got to clean him up good so I can see what we’ve got.”
Billy hurried to the kitchen.  His light brown hair was a mess of curls that framed his face.  He remembered his own injury and the pain he had gone through.  It wasn’t that long ago, and he wanted to do everything he could to help out.  For the most part, the knife wound was healed.  
Heather came with the scissors, and Emily carefully cut off Cayden’s shirt.  Logan knelt down and applied a fresh section of towel to the still-bleeding wound.  In a few moments, Katie appeared with several warm black tea bags.  Emily applied them to some of the lesser wounds until the bleeding stopped, and then directed Logan to put some on the deep gash near Cayden’s ribs.  
After Cayden was sufficiently cleaned, Emily used sterile bandages to cover the smaller cuts.  She used vinegar-soaked gauze pads on the worst of the bruises to help combat the swelling.  Next, she used the sugardine paste Jayden had prepared and packed it into the deep cut.  Cayden cried out.
“Is that necessary?” Logan asked.  “Isn’t there something else a little more... modern you could use?”
“Yes, but I have more faith in this,” Em said.  “It is a powerful antibiotic.  It will make sure it doesn’t get infected.”
“Besides,” Henry added, “sugar has been used successfully for centuries.”
By now, there was very little blood seeping from the wound.  She covered it with several squares of gauze, and then wrapped long strips of cloth bandaging around his torso and chest.  Next, she cut his jeans away.  For the most part, he was free from injury, aside from several bruises.  She grabbed the robe and Logan helped her get Cayden into it.  
“It’s going to be cold tonight,” Sam said.  “I remember seeing a cot in the basement.  Ryhs, you want to help me bring it up?  I think we should keep Cayden in front of the fire.  He’ll be warm, and we can all keep a better eye on him.”
“Great idea,” Ryhs said.
They went downstairs, and a few minutes later the cot was set up near the fire.  It was not a cheap version that they were used to seeing.  This one was thick and comfortable.  Fresh sheets were used to cover it and then Cayden was carefully laid down.
“Did he say anything yet?” Henry asked.
Logan shook his head.  “Nothing.  At first, I was sure he was dead.  Then Jayden looked and found him breathing.”
“What happened?” Em asked.  “You guys look like you’ve been through a war.”
“We have,” Sam said.  He glanced at Logan and waited for him to continue.
“Well, as you know, I followed him.  I kept back aways, not wanting him to run into the ditch.  He was pretty much all over the road, but when he wasn’t too far from the highway, I doused my lights.  I didn’t want him to freak out and speed up.  Soon after he turned west, I saw two sets of headlights come from the east.  That’s when I told you guys about it.”
“And then we all met at the intersection,” Jayden said.  
Logan finished telling the story.  The rest of the group looked frightened.
“I bet anything, it was Malik and his men,” Heather said.  
Billy nodded in agreement.  “A couple of them had the take-down lights.”
“We can’t be sure about that,” Lauren said.  “It could have been anyone.  Besides, we haven’t seen Malik or that other guy for a long time.”
“They haven’t seen us,” Katie said, her voice sarcastic, “and we’re still around.”
“Whoever it was,” Logan said, “shot at Cayden.  Lucky he looked dead, otherwise I think they would have made sure he was.”
“Are you sure none of you were bit?” Heather asked.  “I mean, in the thick of fighting, you might have been and don’t realize it.”
Jayden shook her head.  “Trust me.  I was almost bit but Logan killed the thing a second before I was.”  
“I think we all came close,” Sam said.  “And right now, I’m going up to shower.  I can’t stand the way I smell anymore.”
Heather stared them down.  She was on the verge of reminding them what they had made her and Billy do to prove they hadn’t been bitten.  
“Yeah, all right.  I’ll make sure I don’t have any bites,” Sam said.  When Heather kept staring, he said, “We made sure you weren’t bit.  So we’ll make sure we weren’t, either.  Just relax.”
Jayden, Ryhs, and Logan followed Sam.  A half hour later, they were all downstairs again.  
Logan went over to check on Cayden and then he sat down beside him.  
“I just wish he’d wake up and tell us what he saw,” Logan said.  “I don’t understand why he would turn around and almost hit those guys.  He should have just kept going the other way.”
“Maybe he didn’t know how to get back,” Jayden said.  “We’ve gone that way, but it was always in the light.  Plus, he was a little under the... weather.”
“Which is something we will have to address with him again,” Henry said.  “I don’t want a repeat of today, but when it comes right down to it, he put every one of you in jeopardy.  You were almost killed by the dead things.  He almost died himself.  He has to know he can’t do that anymore.”
“I’m sorry.”
Everyone turned to Cayden lying on the cot.  Logan got up on his knees and put a hand on Cayden’s shoulder.  
The boy’s face was pale, aside from the bruises and abrasions.  His lips were swollen and chapped.  He licked them and his face scrunched up.  He was close to tears and he kept his eyes closed.
“I’m sorry I put you through that.”
Logan put a light hand on Cayden’s forehead.  “Don’t talk now.  You’re in too much pain.  You’re safe and so are we.  We can talk later.”
“No.  I fucked up.”  He sniffed and his voice sounded hoarse.  “I saw Malik and Smithy.  They know we’re close by.”
“It was dark, Cayden,” Logan said.  “They probably didn’t even see you that good.”
“They know the truck.”
“A lot of people have black Silverados,” Logan said.  
“No.  He recognized me.  Right before he shot.  I was trying to hit him.”
“Did you see anyone else?” Jayden said.
Cayden nodded.  “A few other men.  From the other truck.  I don’t know how many.”
“We don’t have to worry,” Logan said.  “I watched behind us.  No lights.”
“It doesn’t make sense,” Ryhs said.  “Why would they have acted the way they did?”
“Maybe they wanted the truck,” Jayden said.   “Or anyone inside.  When the truck got smashed up and they thought Cayden was dead, there was nothing else to stick around for.”
“And if they come back and check out the truck, they’ll see he isn’t in it anymore,” Sam said.  “They’ll know someone came and got him out.”
“Here’s a thought,” Ryhs said.  “Maybe they left because they saw how many shufflers there were.  Didn’t want to deal with them.  And if they drive back, they’ll see all the bodies.  They’ll know for sure someone else came along.”
“I said he recognized me,” Cayden said through clenched teeth.
“Are you sure?” Em said.  “That was a long time ago.  We were all hiding behind our cars.”
“He looked me in the eye,” Cayden said.  “I know he recognized me, because he likes boys.  I knew that the moment he looked at me the first time.”
“Why didn’t you say?” Logan said.  His face was contorted in anger.
“Why?  It’s not the first time some pedophile wanted me.  I’m small and cute.  Fuck the kiddy fiddler.”
Everyone looked shocked.  Everyone but Heather and Billy.
“Doesn’t surprise me,” she said.  “He was sadistic with me.  He got off making Billy watch.”
Billy put his arm around her.  It was clear he felt very uncomfortable.
“And I think he had others locked up,” she added.  “Sometimes we could hear screaming.”
Billy nodded.  “We couldn’t tell for sure but some of them sounded young.”
Henry brought the conversation back to the present.  “Cayden, why do you think he shot at you?”
“I was gonna ram him.”
“Why not just drive past?”
“Because he had the shotgun pointed at me.”
“So maybe he was going to use it,” Henry mused.  
Cayden hunched his shoulders and then groaned when it hurt.  “He loaded it before I even drove off.”
“Why didn’t you keep driving west?” Jayden asked.  “Why turn around and head back towards them?”
“I wanted to make sure who they were.  I didn’t know for sure until I got close.”
“It must have been awful,” Katie said.  “Being all alone when that happened.”
Cayden looked away to some distant point.  His face relaxed and the shadow of a smile formed.  
“It wasn’t that bad.  I knew I was going to be okay.”
Katie played with her cross.  She looked hopeful.  
Cayden’s eyes found Jayden’s.  She knew he was trying to tell her something.  
“Tell me,” she said softly.
He looked away and said nothing.  The moment had come and gone.  She thought the fact there were so many people hovering over him was the biggest reason. Yet, he had wanted to say something.  And for some reason, he had felt more comfortable telling her.  She could wait.  Sooner or later, he would need to open up.  
Em got up and went to the kitchen.  “I don’t know about you, but I’m starved.  Anyone want a sandwich?  I’ll make a few.”
“Yes!” Sam said.  “I’m starving, too.”
“I’ll help you,” Henry said, following his wife out to the kitchen.  “We can eat in the living room.”
Jayden went to the door and peered out.  The moon lit up the night but clouds were gathering to the west.  Leaves rustled in the breeze, and for a moment, she was sure she heard the tell-tale sigh of whispers.  They sang and danced along the wind currents, teasing her with their just-barely audible words.  
What do you want?
Pppssssss Pppssssssss Pppssssssssss
She did not feel threatened.  But she did not feel safe, either.  There was something dark, hidden from the physical world, and it wanted her to know IT was there.  But it would never tell her who or what it was.  It was disconcertingly subtle, yet she knew it was immense in its power.  
She did not feel she was going crazy.  For who in their right mind could possibly explain what had happened to the world?  How could nature turn so deadly in such an unknown way?  Was it nature, in fact, that had created a world of human-eating humans?  What had happened to most of the animals?  Had they somehow been spared?  Yet she knew that was not entirely true.  Henry’s cows had been eaten by the shufflers.  But even so, to find no others that had been confined to cages when the world turned?  That made no sense.  Nothing makes sense anymore.
“Jayden?” 
Ryhs was standing behind her.
“Are you okay?  See or hear anything out there?”
She turned and shut the door.  
“Nothing I haven’t heard before.”
Ryhs stared into her eyes.   
“You heard the whispers again, didn’t you?”
Jayden looked away.  Ryhs’s blue-gray eyes penetrated hers to a degree he wasn’t even aware.  She was quite sure that he had absolutely no idea of his effect on her.  And why would he?  He was hopelessly in love with his dead wife.  
Instead of denying the whispers, she just shook her head and looked away.  
“I know I’ve given you a hard time about that,” he said quietly, “but I can’t explain anything anymore.”
She looked at him, unsure of what he was trying to say.
“I’m saying,” he said, “that I don’t want to judge you.  I don’t like it, but I know there’s something going on I can’t explain. And something else... Cayden wanted to tell you something.  It was something he felt uncomfortable telling the rest of us.”
Jayden nodded in agreement.  “I’m hoping he’ll tell me later on.”
Ryhs looked over at Cayden on the cot.  He couldn’t see the boy’s face, but just earlier, it looked like he had fallen asleep. 
“He had the same expression you do when you talk about the whispers you hear.  I think he experienced something strange.  I think you aren’t the only one who feels it.”
“Feels what?”
“Whatever it is that makes you feel there is something out there.  Something... alive?  I don’t even know if that’s the right word.”
Jayden wanted to tell him that she wished he felt it.  She knew she wasn’t the only one who had heard the whispers the night the world ended.  Sam had heard them, too.  And not long ago, Henry and Em said they had.  Logan, Cayden, and Ryhs heard them when they had first cleared the property.  But she seemed to be the only one who felt certain there was something else to them.  Something intelligent.   
Ryhs was right.  She didn’t know if alive was the right word or not, either.  But she did have a feeling it had to do with the energy that every single thing on the earth possessed.  And now instead of going about its business, it seemed to want her to know it knew that she knew.
She had a feeling that it had always been there.  Forever.  Before humans ever populated the earth.  That maybe humans were so insignificant they did not even warrant acknowledgment. Until now.  What had changed?  The constant battle between humans and nature?  The ever-widening scope of a parasitic species devouring the planet in its quest to dominate?  The hypocritical nature of humankind expecting they could do with the earth and its inhabitants as they saw fit, no matter the pain it inflicted or the damage? And it wasn’t relegated to just the earth, either, she felt.  It was on a much wider scope.  It was everywhere.  The universe.  Universes.  
Her brows furrowed in sudden exasperation.  She wanted to know the truth.  But she knew she never would.  It was one of those things that was unknowable.  At least not by the likes of her.  
Maybe when she passed over into her forever life.
Maybe I’m just crazy.  Maybe everything I think is a figment of my imagination.
She wished her mind would just shut up.  Stop thinking about everything in such a deep, searching way.  Her curiosity was driving her crazy.  
She might be a searcher but even searchers were not immune to going insane.



Chapter 25



Heather and Billy woke everyone up at 3 a.m.  The house was dark except for the small fire in the living room and a couple of night lights that helped everyone navigate.  Cayden was awake on his cot in front of the fire.  He moaned softly in pain.  Everyone gathered near, sitting on the sofas, chairs, and floor.
Heather paced in front of the windows that overlooked the front of the property.  Billy stood at a window to keep a lookout while his wife broke the news.  Sweat made his hair stick like glue on his face and the back of his neck.
“We were out walking the perimeter,” Heather said.  “There seemed to be a lot more shufflers than normal.  Every time we came across one, we lured it to the fence and killed it.  Pretty soon we’d killed over a dozen.”
“What?” Sam said.  “We’ve never had that many before.”
“Around the whole perimeter,” Heather agreed.  She kept her hand near her holster as though frightened that one would soon be breaking down the door.  “But we just covered part of one side and there were that many.  We killed them with our knives and pipes.  Waited for them to get close to the fence like we always do.  But I’m telling you, it freaked us out.”
“Were they clustered together,” Henry asked, “or all spread out?”
“That’s the thing,” Billy said, “we didn’t wait to walk the perimeter.  We could hear them all over the place.  When we started our shift, it was like normal.  Then all of a sudden, there were so many.”
“And we would have kept going,” Heather said, “but then we heard the trucks.”
Jayden moved to the edge of her seat.  “Were they close?”
Heather nodded.  “They came from the county road.  Then they turned on to our little road here.”
Cayden spoke without opening his eyes.  His lips were swollen and his words were a little distorted.  “They followed us.”
“Did you see them?” Ryhs said.  
Heather nodded again.  “Me and Billy were west of the guardhouse, hiding behind some trees.  The best we could tell, there were at least five trucks.  I think one of them was a van.”
“Like a conversion van,” Billy said.  “But bigger.”
“They drove past the front gate?” Jayden said.  
“Yes. They came to a stop and idled for a while.  Once they had gotten on our little road, they drove real slow.  Like they didn’t want anyone to hear them.  Or like they were looking for something.” 
“Yes, us,” Jayden said.  “How many other places have smoke coming from the chimney?”
“And if they do see other occupied houses,” Sam added, “what do they do about it?”
“I don’t want to find out,” Heather said, “but I have a feeling we’re going to.”
“From what you said about how they treated you,” Henry said, “I have no doubt they are the worst kind of people.  People like that will take advantage of our new world.  They were bad enough before, but now there’s no one to stop them.  They have free reign to do what they want.”
“Unless there’s still law enforcement or military around,” Lauren said.  She got up and went into the kitchen.  “Anyone want a glass of wine?”
Jayden rolled her eyes.  No one answered her.  Only Cayden looked like he might be considering it, but he kept his mouth shut.
“We have no proof it’s Malik and his boys,” Em said.  “It probably is, but we have to keep an open mind.”
“I don’t care who it is,” Heather said.  “Scum like them are all the same.  Doesn’t matter what their names are.  Except if it is Malik and Smithy, I’m going to kill them.”
“What she’s saying,” Billy said, his voice muffled as he faced the window, “is that we think it’s more than a coincidence that the shufflers came.”  He peered a little harder out the window.  “There’s some now!”
Heather ran to the window and looked out.  “Yep, right in front of the gate.  Lots of ‘em, too.”
“You think the men in those trucks brought them here?” Jayden asked.  Her voice was incredulous.
“How else did they get here?” Heather said, spinning around.  “We never had a herd here before.  They were always closer to the city.  Now we have a problem with Malik and his men and all of a sudden we’re being overrun with zombies!”
Lauren came in to the living room and sat down.  She took a sip of wine and then swirled it in her glass.  “Everybody is so uptight.”  Her voice was laced with sarcasm.
“Duh!” Katie said.  “There are no police. There’s no military.  Haven’t you noticed?  No TV, no radio-”
“Yet we still have power,” Lauren said.  “Doesn’t anyone find that a little odd?  Someone’s got to be manning the power company.”
“Not necessarily,” Henry said.  “I think this area gets their power from a hydroelectric power plant.  They can run longer. But if the power came from a plant run by coal or natural gas, it would have shut down within a couple of days.”
Heather interrupted.  “We still have the problem of whoever is out there.  And, the herd of shufflers that’s getting bigger by the moment.”
Logan shook his head.  “I still find it hard to believe that Malik could have followed us.”
“Why?” Jayden said.  “You followed Cayden with your lights out.  We followed you with ours out.  They could have done the same thing.”
“Let’s face it,” Ryhs said.  “All those bodies we ran over...  It wasn’t far before we turned on to the county road.  If anyone looked hard enough, I bet we were losing body parts for a while, not to mention blood on the tires.”
“And all they had to do was drive until they came to our road and look for signs of life.”  Jayden shook her head in disgust.
“I didn’t help the situation,” Heather said.  “I killed the guy on the bike.  They’re going to be out for revenge.”
“We have our own revenge to deal with,” Billy said.  “So don’t worry about it.”
“Are we all saying what I think we are?” Em said.  Her face looked sad in the low light of the fire.  “I love this place.  It’s well-stocked with everything we need for a long time.”
“The only thing we didn’t get yet was a tanker of gas for the generator,” Henry said.  
Everyone was quiet.  The prospect of losing their home was hard to accept.  They had been there for over a month, and if anyone wanted to live in denial, it would be easy to pretend an apocalypse had never happened.
Jayden thought of something else.  “I don’t think those men transported a bunch of dead things and dropped them off here.  How would they have had time?  I’m thinking part of that huge herd by Madison came here.  We aren’t that far away.”
“And,” Sam said, “there were so many on the freeway, it would make sense that a big chunk at the end could split off and find their way here.”
“We know sound draws them,” Ryhs said.  “Maybe smell does, too.”
“Well, obviously smell does, dumb ass,” Lauren said.   “That’s how they know the difference between them and the living.  That’s how they know they need to eat us and not each other.”
The venom in Lauren’s voice was clear.  Jayden was about to say something, but Ryhs beat her to it.
“I’ve tried to ignore you,” he said, “because short of throwing you out, there wasn’t much I could do to get rid of you.  Not humanely, anyway.  But right now, I’m all out of compassion.  At first light, you’re out of here.  You can take the owner’s car.”
“You can’t make me do that,” she exclaimed.  
“Yes, he can,” Jayden said.  “Because I’m going to help him.  You can either wait until it’s light out or you can go now.  Your choice.”
Lauren combed her signature nails through her hair.  She sat back and crossed her long thin legs.  “You live a fantasy life, Ryhs.  Or at least you did.  Every time I look at your long, sad face, it takes everything I’ve got not to laugh.  What a man you are!  Suffering in silence after Karen and your little baby girl got torn apart.  A real man would have confronted me if he really thought I was to blame.  Either beat me or fuck me.”  She took a slow sip of wine.  “Do you know how to fuck, Ryhs?  Are you sure Brittney was even yours?” 
Ryhs was on her in a flash.  His hands throttled her throat as he lifted her off the chair.  Then just as quickly, he released her, and she fell to the floor. He stepped back, clenching his fists.
Lauren coughed and tried to catch her breath.  “Did you see what he just did?  He almost killed me!”
Emily got up and stood over Lauren.  “Pack your shit and get out.  You aren’t waiting until daylight.”
Lauren looked up between long sections of hair that covered her face.  Her blue eyes glinted dangerously.  Emily was not intimidated.  She took another step and hovered over the woman.  
“Now!”
Lauren looked at the rest of the group.  “Are you going to let them do this to me?  With all those shufflers out there?  I’ll be killed!”
“You should have thought about that before you tempted Ryhs to throttle you,” Jayden said.  “You’re nothing but a piece of shit.  Go join Malik Taber and his men.  I’m sure you’ll be able to control them just as well as you controlled us.”
“They’re back!” Billy said.  “The trucks.  They’re back.”
Lauren jumped to her feet, grabbed the wine glass, and threw it against the stone fireplace.  It broke in a multitude of tiny shards.  Then she ran to the door, opened it, and was running down the drive.  By now, two of the trucks were facing the gate, illuminating Lauren as she ran to them, her arms flailing above her head. 
“I don’t believe it,” Heather said, slamming and locking the door.  She ran to Billy’s side and looked out the window.  
“She’s opening the gate!” Billy said.  
“Oh, my God!” Em said.  “We’ll be killed.  Either by the shufflers or those men!”
“Everyone get your weapons,” Henry said.  “Sam and Logan, run down and carry up as much ammo as you can.  We either run or we make a stand.”
“We can’t defend this place with the gate open,” Jayden said.  “There’s too many windows.  They’ll break in in no time.”
“Then we run,” Ryhs said.  “We’ve got to get out of the house before they surround us.  Maybe we can get to the cars before they even know we’ve left.” 
A minute later, Sam and Logan lugged up the ammo, and everyone else had retrieved their weapons and personal grab-and-go bags.  The backpacks were filled with light items they thought they would need in case they had to leave in a hurry.  Jayden and Katie helped Cayden to his feet and led him to the back patio door.  
“Hurry!” Billy said, rushing up behind them.  “Lauren got in the first truck and now they’re driving in.  There’s shufflers all over the place.”
The group hurried around the pool and through the hedge to the back garage.  They slipped in through the service door and piled into the two SUVs.  Henry and Em were in their usual spot in the Explorer, Jayden and Ryhs behind them, Heather and Billy in the far back section.  Logan and Sam sat in the front of the Escape, Logan driving.  Katie and Cayden took up the rear.  
“So what do we do?” Emily asked, her voice frantic.  “We can’t just casually drive out there and leave.”
“We don’t have to use the front garage door,” Jayden said.  “We can use the back and drive to the far gate before they even know we’re gone.”
Henry reached up and pressed on the garage door opener on his visor.  Then he jockeyed around until he was facing the rear of the four-stall garage.  Logan did the same.  Henry stopped and waited for Logan to drive up beside him.  He told them what they were going to do.  Logan nodded and looked hopeful.
Henry drove out without turning on his lights.  But it didn’t matter, because as soon as the Explorer exited the garage, two pickups had rounded the corner and were facing them.  The pickups’ headlights doused the SUV, and armed men exited the trucks, aiming guns and shouting orders.  The first truck’s takedown lights flooded the back of the garage.  
“How’d they get here so quick?” Heather said.  “They couldn’t have had time to search the house!”
“All they had to do was see the lower level was empty,” Jayden said.  “By then, Lauren probably figured out what we were going to do. She’s been with us long enough.  She knows how we think.”
“There he is!” Heather said.  Her voice was shrill.  
Jayden looked over and saw the huge man standing on the other side of the first pickup, partly covered by its door.  A moment later, Lauren stuck her head out beside him.  A smirk lit up her face.
“Leaving so soon?” Malik shouted.  “Come on over and let’s talk a bit.”
Henry’s window was still down.  He stared at Malik, trying to figure a way out of their predicament.
“My friend, Lauren, here,” Malik continued in his gravelly voice, “tells me you’ve got someone I want.”  His ice-blue eyes shone with frightening fervor.  Then his face contorted as he shouted, “I want the dark-haired bitch that killed my man.  Her old man, too.  The rest of you can leave.  No harm, I swear.  I just want the couple.”
“Bull shit!” Heather whispered from in back.  “He’s gonna kill us all.”  
Logan inched the smaller SUV out the double garage door and slid to a stop on the far side of Henry’s SUV.  Ryhs glanced over at Katie as she rolled down her window to talk to them.  Then she reached inside and took something from Sam.  She showed Ryhs.  It was a hand grenade.  She put a cautioning finger to her mouth.  Ryhs’ eyes widened in surprise, and he grinned in spite of himself.
“Get ready,” he whispered to Henry.  
Henry looked at Ryhs in the rear-view mirror, a questioning look on his face.  Ryhs only nodded and tried to look confident.  
Henry yelled out to Malik.  “Fine.  We’ll talk about it.  But first, tell your men to lower their weapons!”
Malik tried to look as though he was considering the order.  He ran a huge hand over his sparse Mohawk and played with a toothpick in his mouth.  
Just as Malik began to shake his shoulders in mock compliance, Sam jumped from the Escape, ran back a few feet, and threw the grenade.  Another was tossed toward the second truck. He jumped back in and shouted, “Go!”
Henry and Logan gunned it and drove toward the back of the property.  They heard screaming and shouting and then the loud explosions of the grenades going off.  
“You’re going to have to ram the gate, Henry!” Jayden yelled.  
“It might not work!” Henry said, trying to control the SUV as it bounced over the narrow blacktop drive.  
“Well, we can’t go out the front.  There’s too many of them.  We have to try!”
Logan was right behind them.  Their headlights pierced the night as they followed the winding drive through the trees.  Suddenly there were shots flying around them.  Some of the bullets hit the vehicles and others ricocheted off in every direction.
The back window of the Explorer exploded and Heather screamed.  
The back gate came into view and Henry made up his mind.  He pressed on the gas pedal even harder and shouted for everyone to hang on.  They were going to hit the gate.  
Ryhs yanked Jayden and covered her with his body.  There was no time to do or say anything else.
The SUV hit the metal gate with a tremendous crash.  For a nano second, it almost seemed as though they had stopped, before the vehicle barreled through and they were out.  The force of the impact threw the gates outward before they struck the fence and swung back in toward the driveway.  They struck Logan’s Escape as he followed Henry and then they were thrown back again. 
Henry took a right on the small narrow street.  The engine and tires screamed as though in protest of their ill treatment before leveling off at a fast clip.  An extended cab pickup truck followed.  Men hung out of the windows, firing their guns.  
When Henry reached the T-intersection, he took a left and then another left onto a short street that ended in a cul de sac.  
“We’ll try and trap them at the end,” Henry yelled.  “Get ready.  We only have one chance!”
The pickup followed before its driver realized what Henry had in mind.  As Henry and Logan slowed down to circle around at the end of the cul de sac, the pickup was momentarily parallel with them.  Henry and Logan screeched to a halt, and everyone opened fire and shot until their guns were emptied.
In the silence that followed the deafening blasts of gunfire, Henry and his passengers waited.  Nothing moved in the pickup.  The windows had been shattered.  Blood coated what glass remained, and one of the dead men was hung up halfway out the window.  
Jayden heard her brother cry out.
“Sam!”  She swiveled around in her seat.  “Sam?  Are you okay?”
Sam ran up on Ryhs’s side.  “Logan’s been hit.  I think it’s just a flesh wound, but we have to get out of here before s-s-someone else comes.  I’m gonna drive.”  He started running to the driver’s side of the Escape.  “Don’t lose us!”
Henry kept an eye on the bullet-riddled pickup truck until Sam and Logan had switched places and were ready to go.   
“Thank God for the grenades,” Jayden said.  “Don’t worry, Heather.  We would never have let them have you.  Or Billy.”
She turned around with a smile of relief.  And then her face crumpled.  She undid her seatbelt and leaned over her seat.  
“Heather?  Billy?  Oh, noooooooo!  Noooooo,” she cried.  
Henry swerved to the side of the road and stopped.  He looked back and watched Jayden cry.  
After a moment’s indecision, Henry turned forward and put the SUV in gear.  Ryhs pulled Jayden to him, and after a struggle, she allowed him to hold her.
There was nothing that could be done.  It was all over before they had even realized it.
Henry did not know where to go.  He only knew they had to get as far away as possible without being followed.  And he knew that they had been lucky to have lived so well for so long.  Now they had to start all over again.  
Em reached for and found his hand.
“Those two went through hell and back,” he said.  “They had a chance to make it and now this.” 
He was glad it was dark out.  
He did not want anyone to see him cry.   



Chapter 26



 They drove through the night in a southwesterly direction.  South, because they thought they should spend winter in a warmer state.  West, because Henry wanted to bury Heather and Billy along the high banks of the Mississippi River.  They broke into a local hardware store and carried out shovels, picks, and work gloves.  Sam got some pieces of wood, a handsaw, and paint to make crosses.  Katie said she would paint the names.
They found a beautiful spot with some flatter land and trees.  The leaves were in peak autumn color, and as they dug the graves, the leaves fell, sashaying their way to the ground.  Jayden and Ryhs walked the road, alert for shufflers and the living.  
Jayden was exhausted.  Her eyes burned and felt puffy from crying over Heather and Billy.  Her long brown hair was a mess, mostly held in place with a pony tail.  And her stomach churned with nerves.
“You okay?” Ryhs asked.
She gave a little laugh.  “You always ask me that.”
“Well, are you?”
“I’m fine.”  
She looked out over the river with its islands and outcroppings of land.  On the other side was Iowa, a state she knew very little about.  She knew Dubuque was known for Spam, and that alone was reason enough for her to steer clear of it.  
Henry had said they would go south through Illinois.  She’d had the experience of driving through it on the way to St. Louis once.  She hoped she could sleep through it.  Nothing but crop fields as far as the eye could see.  Wisconsin might be cold but it had Illinois beat in the scenery department by a landslide.  
“I’m glad Logan is all right,” she said.  “He was the lucky one.”
“And the rest of us,” Ryhs said.  
“If he would have been killed while driving, we’d be burying more than just two people.”
She looked over toward the others.  Logan’s head was swaddled in gauze with an elastic bandage wrapped around it to keep it in place.  Right now he was standing in a half-dug grave.  Sam was working with him. 
They walked in silence for a while, listening to their feet crunch on small pieces of gravel.  Jayden felt a cloud of depression weighing her down but she was too tired to fight it.  Losing Heather and Billy had been tough, but even worse, it brought back the pain she had been trying to hold at bay since losing her parents and sister.  Other relatives, friends, and acquaintances. Her way of life.  Everyone’s way of life.  Gone.  Just like that.  In a matter of minutes, it had seemed.  She even felt sorry for Nick.  No one deserved to die the way she figured most people had died, even him.  Suddenly what he had done to her didn’t seem so bad.  It wasn’t the best thing she’d ever gone through but it certainly wasn’t the worst. 
It was as if Ryhs had read her mind.
“Did you really video your husband and his girlfriend for the whole neighborhood to see?”
“Yes.  I did.”
“Hell hath no fury-”
“Trust me.  I was scorned.”
He laughed.  “If nothing else, you were very creative.”
“Thank you.  I was actually quite proud of my tech skills.”
Ryhs paused, then said, “Do you think he ever regretted what he did to you?”
“No.  I don’t.  If it had been a one-night stand, maybe.  But he kept doing it day after day.  And that was only a week’s time span that I knew of.  I don’t know if I told you, but I listened in on them.  He didn’t sound like a novice to me.”
“I’m sorry.”
“You don’t need to be.  I rarely think of him.  I think of people I loved.  I guess he killed that when I found out what he did.  Especially how he did it.”
“Hold on.  Shuffler coming out of the woods.”
Jayden searched the area behind the redneck shuffler.  So far it was clear.  
“I’ll get this one,” Ryhs said.  
He sprinted up the road and buried his knife in the head.  It immediately fell to the ground and lay still.  Jayden walked up and looked down at it.  
“Wonder what he did when he was alive.”
Ryhs pulled a wallet out of the shuffler’s back pocket.  
“Ronald E. Haffenbredl,” he said, reading from the shuffler’s driver license.  “Twenty-eight years old.  He was an organ donor.”
“I don’t think his will be needed anytime soon,” she said.
Ronald’s intestines were peeking out of a hole in his abdomen.  
Ryhs fanned through a few cards.  “Looks like he was a dairy farmer.  Or at least he worked with a few.  And he was a father.  Cute little girl.”
“Let’s go,” Jayden said.  “I don’t want to feel pity for this thing.  We’ve got enough going on with Heather and Billy.”
“What?  No more room for another lost soul?  Believe it or not, you have an endless capacity to feel pity or compassion.  Ronald here, is just as much a victim as Heather and Billy.”
Jayden turned and started walking away.  She didn’t want to think about what Ronald had been.  Who he had been.  Or who he had left behind.  It was all just too much.  Ryhs was wrong.  She did not have an endless supply of pity or compassion. 
“Wait up!”  Ryhs caught up with her and said, “Sorry.  Didn’t mean to upset you.”
“You didn’t.  It’s just that I have all I can do to think about the people I care about.  I can’t think about all the others and their problems.  It doesn’t matter who or what they were.  What matters now is that they are the enemy.  And every single one of us is at risk of dying because of them.  If we don’t step back fast enough or stab them in the right spot, we die.  If we don’t free ourselves from an immediate threat, we run the risk of not helping one of us out.  We have to see one of ours die in front of us because we were a second too slow.  Or worse yet, we have to kill one of our friends while he’s still human.  Before he changes into one of them.  So, no, I have no time to pity Ronald or any of them.”
Jayden was almost out of breath by the time she finished.  Ryhs again said nothing, only looked at her in his calm way.  Suddenly she felt better.  The cloud was not so dark or heavy.  She looked over at their group.
“It’s time to bury Heather and Billy.”
She glanced up and down the road, along the woods.  If they were lucky, they would be able to do this without interruption.
They placed their friends alongside each other, feet toward the river.  ‘So they can see better,’ Katie had said.  They had them holding hands as they covered them with a blanket.  Most of the group said something in memory of them and thanked them for their contribution.  After each of them released a handful of dirt, the grave was filled in, and crosses were placed.
“We weren’t sure of them at first,” Henry said, “but they were an asset to us.  They were our friends.  They will be missed.”
  “Henry, we need to find another vehicle,” Jayden said.  “I can’t stand the thought of riding in front of where they died.”
“I was thinking the same thing,” Em said.  “Besides, most of the windows are smashed.  On both of the cars.”
Henry nodded and took a deep breath.  “Well, let’s get to it then.  There was a car dealership not far from the hardware store.  Should be able to find something there.”
“I want another extended cab,” Logan said.  
“Then that means we need at least three vehicles,” Katie said.  “Because I’m not riding in the back of a pickup, extended cab or not.  There’s just not enough room.”
Em looked up at the sky.  It was getting to be late afternoon.  
“We need to find a grocery store to raid,” she said.  “I’m starving.”
Jayden surprised herself by agreeing.  “Me, too.”
They drove back the way they had come, found the dealership, and started searching.  They had to kill five shufflers in the parking lot before they even got to the front door to look for keys.  
“At least if you kill a used car salesman, you won’t feel bad,” Cayden said.  
“Gross!” Katie said, laughing. 
“Well, really!  Nobody likes them.”
“Glad to see you’re feeling better,” Jayden said.  “Just don’t think your cracked ribs are going to keep you from killing your fair share.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it, sweetheart!” he said.
Sam looked at Cayden like he was losing his mind.  “Aren’t you Mr. Suave and s-s-sophisticated.”
“Your sister’s hot.  What can I say?”
Sam looked at Cayden and Jayden.  
“Cay-den, Jay-den!  Better keep your hands off her, I think you might be related.”
“Shut up!” Jayden said.  
“Well?” Sam said.  “Out of all the names in the world, we had to end up with names that rhyme?”
“So that’s why you think we must be related?  You’re retarded!”
Sam gave his sister a rough hug.  
“No, that’s why I know we’re related!”
“Come on,” Henry said.  “Let’s get this over with.”
He opened the front door, and a bell jingled over their heads as they walked in.  The shuffling came to them before the front door was even closed. 
“Look out for the mechanic,” Cayden said, freeing his knife from its sheath.
“Cayden, you’re not up to it yet,” Logan said.  “I’ll get it.”
“I’m fine,” Cayden said, running up to the man with his name sewn on his pocket.  “Arnie here is about to retire.”
He swung back and arced the knife forward.  But just shy of striking the shuffler’s head, Cayden cried out in pain and fell to the floor.  The dead mechanic lunged for Cayden’s throat, growling and hissing.  
Logan ran up to the shuffler and buried his hunting knife to the hilt.  Another dead thing limped from around the corner, arms outstretched toward Logan.  Logan pulled his knife from the mechanic and stabbed the second shuffler in the head.  It, too, went down without another sound.
Behind them, another hallway served as an entry for more shufflers.  Ryhs took one down, Henry the next, Sam the third.  They looked around and listened for more.  
“I think the keys might be in that first office,” Katie said, approaching it cautiously.  Two walls of the office were glass, but she checked behind the desk to make sure it was clear.  
She rummaged through the desk and file cabinets and finally found the keys to the vehicles in the lot.  
“I’m just gonna put them all in here,” she said, emptying them into a clear bin.  “Let’s go.”
They left the building and found the keys to what they wanted.  
Logan transferred everything from the Escape into his new blue pickup.  He helped Cayden get in the passenger seat.  Henry found another Explorer that was a duplicate of his old one, and Sam decided he wanted a black Nissan Pathway.  After he transferred his things into it, he asked Katie if she wanted to ride with him.  Jayden watched with a smile as the girl blushed.  It did not take her long to join him.  Jayden winked at her brother and laughed when she saw him get flustered.
Before they left the dealership, they made sure all the gas tanks were filled.  Sam, Logan, and Ryhs were becoming experts in the art of siphoning gas.  It was relatively easy, they said, once you knew how.  
By now it was only an hour or so until dark, and they still had nothing to eat but protein bars and no place to stay for the night.  Soon they found a small grocery store, and they prepared to enter and search it.  It was something they were starting to get good at, but Henry reminded them to never become too confident.  He said that was when they would make fatal mistakes.  That was all it took for them to stay on their toes.
When they entered the store, they were disappointed at how little was left.  Three shufflers had to be dispatched, and then they were free to search.  They found enough food and supplies to last a couple of days, but no longer.  And almost everything of use was gone from the stockroom, too.
“Do you think we could stay here tonight?” Katie asked, looking around.
Jayden looked out the window.  There were now several shufflers walking around for as far as she could see.  They were walking in and out of other parking lots, up and down the sidewalks.   
“I don’t know,” Jayden said.  “I don’t feel safe here.  There’s just too many of them.  If they sense we’re in here, it wouldn’t take all that many to break the front glass.  This isn’t the best built store I’ve ever seen.  Look at how old it is.”
Sam came to look out the window.  After a minute he yelled out.
“Hey!  There’s someone walking up the street.”
“Where?”  Jayden searched the road.
“He just came on to this street.  He’s got a backpack on him.  Is he crazy?  Can’t he see all the shufflers up ahead?”
Jayden saw the man.  At first she mistook him for a shuffler because of how badly he was walking.  He was holding something in his hand, moving it around in circles.
“What the heck?” she said.  “It’s almost as if he’s calling attention to himself, daring the shufflers to get him.”
“Maybe he’s delirious,” Em said.  “He probably hasn’t had it as good as we’ve had it.”
They all decided to see if the man was dangerous or bitten.  If not, they would try to save him.  On the way to their vehicles, two more shufflers had to be killed.
“Disgusting,” Jayden said, trying to ignore the fresh blood on her shirt.  
They drove down the street and stopped a few yards from the man.  Henry rolled down his window.  
“Are you okay?” he asked.  “Can we help you?”
The man was around forty-five years old.  His eyes were red and his face was puffy as though he had been crying.  He was carrying a revolver.
“It don’t matter,” he said belligerently.  “Nothing matters anymore.”
“What happened?” Henry said.
“I just lost my wife.  That’s what happened.  Yesterday.  And right now, I don’t give a damn if I live or not.”
“We’ve all lost someone,” Henry said.  His voice was calm and kind.  “You’ll get through it.”
“You aren’t listening.  I said I don’t give a damn!”
“Henry,” Ryhs said.  “We’re starting to get surrounded.  You need to get us out of here.”
“Come with us,” Henry pleaded.  “You’ll see.  You’ll be better with a group.  We help each other out.”
Three shufflers were almost upon the man.  He shot them all in the head, turned, and saw two more coming from the opposite direction.  He opened the cylinder, counted how many bullets he had left, and then he closed it.
“Well, that’s mighty kind of you,” he said.  “My name’s Joe.”
“Henry!” Ryhs said.
The man looked at Henry and said, “There’s too many of them.  Thanks for your offer but I have to decline.  I’m sorry.”
His arm with the revolver rose up, and just as Henry and the rest thought he was going to shoot another shuffler, he put the end of the barrel into his mouth and pulled the trigger.
Everyone cried out.  Jayden opened the door and threw up.  Before she could pull herself back in, a shuffler grabbed her by the arm and pulled her toward it.  She screamed.
“Jayden!” Sam shouted.  
He was in the vehicle behind Henry.  He jumped from the Pathfinder, shot two shufflers beside him, and ran to his sister.  By now she was kicking at the shuffler, but its mouth was only an inch from her arm.  Its jaws clicked open and shut, open and shut.  It looked like it used to be the town librarian.  Ryhs was trying to grab Jayden’s free arm and pull her in. 
Jayden fell to her knees, and just as the dead thing’s teeth closed in on her throat, Sam shot it in the head. 
He wanted to hug his sister, but Ryhs was screaming at him to watch out.  To look behind him.  He heard Jayden scream and then she was in the Explorer, pulling him in after her.  Just as the door slammed shut, the window and door were pounded on by three more shufflers.  
Sam looked behind them and saw that Katie was in the driver’s seat of the Pathfinder.  She’d had the presence of mind to shut his door.  She was laying on the horn, motioning for Henry to get going.
Henry didn’t have to be told twice.  He put the Explorer into gear and rammed into a group of shufflers.  Katie followed, and behind her, Logan did the same.  
“Oh, my God!  Sam!  They almost got you!”  Jayden hugged Sam and thanked him, all at the same time. 
“I can’t believe what a puker you are,” he said.  “Next time puke in a bag.  It ain’t worth getting yourself killed over.”
“I can’t believe I didn’t look.  All I could think about was that I had to throw up.  That man, what was his name?  Joe?  I never saw anyone kill himself before.”
“And let’s hope we never do again,” Em said. “Henry, get us the hell out of this town.”



Chapter 27



Three days later, the group found themselves halfway down the length of Illinois, not far from the Missouri border.  As always, they had traveled the smaller county roads; highways were too congested with stranded vehicles and shufflers searching for live food.  The interstate and divided highways were even worse, so they avoided them at all cost.  And twice, they had to drive far out of their way.  Deep crevasses split the earth just as it had at the Newberry farm.  
After the suicide incident in Wisconsin, everyone wanted to go south as far and as fast as they could.  It was coming up on mid-October and the days were becoming cool, the nights cold.  It did not escape them that they were trying to run from bad memories, and as irrational as that seemed, they knew it was at least partly true for why they were in such a hurry.  They no longer stopped to find a place to spend the night.  They switched drivers every few hours, collected local maps as they went, and found out-of-the-way places to rest during the day.  It was getting harder to find supplies in any great quantity in any one spot.  The stores they entered were becoming more void of anything usable, and the smell of rotting food that hadn’t been taken soon enough, was enough to cut their visits short.    
Now, even though it was warmer here than in Wisconsin, the day was chilly.  They stopped to rest in an overgrown pasture surrounded by thick woods.  Sam had started a small fire and Em and Jayden were busy heating up a pot of mixed cans of soup.  A sleeve of soda crackers would complete the meal.
Ryhs and Logan walked the perimeter while the rest ate.  When it was their turn, Henry and Sam took over.  To everyone’s relief, it seemed they had picked a good spot to rest.  So far, they had heard nothing suspicious.  No shufflers.  No humans or any sign that humans were nearby.  For the most part, they were in an area that was mostly wooded with a few farms here and there.  
Jayden lay down in the grass, her feet near the fire.  Cayden was propped up on sleeping bags.  It helped him breathe easier.  Everyone else took the opportunity to rest, also.  It was their new routine.
“How are your ribs?” Jayden asked Cayden. 
Cayden made a noncommittal sound.  “Same old, same old.”
“Lucky they were only bruised,” she said.  “Otherwise, broken ribs can be dangerous.  Are the wraps tight enough?”
“Yep.  And the ibuprofen isn’t strong enough.  But I’ll live.”
Jayden smiled.  She knew he wanted his drugs, but the group had done a good job of making sure he was clean.  
“We’re just glad you’re okay,” Em said from the other side of the fire.
Katie took a moment to make sure Sam was safe as he walked on the road, and then she lay down.  She was snoring lightly a short time later.
“I’m glad Lauren’s gone,” Cayden said.
“I think we’re all glad about that,” Jayden said.  “In fact, I know it.”
“I wonder if she’s still alive,” Logan said.  “I’m sure she’s been rammed every which way but Tuesday.”
Jayden laughed.  “Hey, everyone deserves a day off.”
Everyone fell silent, lost in his or her own thoughts.  Then Em said, “I miss our home.”
“It was one sweet place,” Logan agreed.  “Perfect for winter.”
“It’s my fault,” Cayden said.  
Jayden appreciated how the kid was growing up.  He still had a smart mouth but that was part of his charm.  
“I have a feeling they would have found us sooner or later,” she said.
“Not to mention the shufflers,” Ryhs said.  “We had no idea how fast their numbers were increasing.  Sure, we went on raids and stuff, but, still...”
“We never went that far,” Logan agreed.  
“Just chalk it up to experience,” Ryhs said.  “We got to know each other better, and now, without Lauren, we know we’ve got each other’s backs.”
“I don’t think we’ll ever see her again,” Em said.  “Or those crazy men.  They would have killed us.”
“They came close,” Jayden said.  
She avoided bringing up Heather and Billy’s names.  It still felt too raw.  It seemed weird: they had all lost many the night the world ended.  But after that, it somehow seemed so much more recent after they’d lost two from their group.  She supposed it was because they had grown to count on each other as their new family.  Anything that threatened to make them feel like they were losing their blood relatives all over again was just something they couldn’t tolerate.  The idea that they could lose one of their group at any time, was always something worried over, just under the surface.  She thought it was the thing each of them was most afraid of.  She knew it was for her.
Em sat up and threw another piece of wood on the fire.  She looked up and studied the dark gray clouds that were blotting out most of the daylight.  A westerly wind picked up, rattling the leaves of the trees.  She shivered.
“When’s the last time you heard the whispers?” Cayden asked in a quiet voice.
Jayden could feel everyone waiting for what she would say.  Most of them accepted what she said on face value.  There was no reason not to.  It was just one more weird thing in their new world.  
“The night we had to leave our home,” she said.
“I thought so,” Ryhs said.  “I asked you, remember?  And you never really said.”
She shivered, sat up, and pulled her jacket tighter around her.  She scooted closer to the fire.  “I think it’s only been a couple times since the night It happened.  Hmm.”  
“What?” Cayden said.
“Kind of funny how we don’t know what to call it.  Other than It, of course.”
“Well, it does have a certain little flare to it, doesn’t it?” Cayden said.  “I mean, it’s easier than saying The End of the World all the time.”
“Do you still think it has something to do with nature?” Em said.
“Yes,” Jayden said, with no hesitation.  “I do.  But nature is a word that is too restrictive.  Whatever it is, it is far beyond anything any of us can imagine.  That’s what I think.  I think it has so much power, and what it’s done so far?  It’s only playing with us.”
“Not long ago,” Cayden said, “I would have told you that you were full of shit.  No offense, but that’s what I would have said.  But...”
Jayden and the others waited for him to continue.
“Something happened along the way...”
“When?”
“The night I left.”  He hesitated again, and then decided he might as well get it over with.  “I wasn’t alone.  I mean, I was driving out of there like a bat out of hell, and then suddenly, he was there.”
Jayden shivered.  But this time it wasn’t because she was cold.  “Who?”
“Grandpa Taylor.  My mom’s dad.  Just like he always used to be.  Sitting there in the front seat, smoking one of his little cigars.”
Jayden watched him intently.  When he looked at her, saw that she wasn’t judging him, he seemed to grow braver.
“He was even wearing what he always used to wear.  And he never gets mad, you know?  He just has a way of making you feel like you’re the most important person in the world.  Like no one could ever love me as much as my grandpa.
“You know how we never see animals anymore?  Well, Grandpa, he knew we’d see one.  He told me to slow down.  He said ‘you never know what can jump out in front of you.’  And you know what?  That’s what happened.  A raccoon came running right to left.  Right in front of me.  I couldn’t stop.”
Cayden’s voice trembled.  It was obvious that he felt bad.
“He said he watches over me.  He said he’s always here.  I just can’t see him.”
Logan sat up and adjusted the knit cap that held a small bandage over his healing wound.  He looked at his young friend with compassion.
“I asked him why that was,” Cayden continue.  “And he said that it was just the nature of things.  He said he couldn’t tell me what to do.  I had to make my own decisions.”  Cayden looked up and stared into space.  “I was looking in my mirror.  Thinking some not-so-kind things about myself.  Well, he knew what I had thought.  He didn’t like it.”
Cayden paused again, lost in thought.
“I even talked to him about my parents.  How they never had time for me.  He said their neglect didn’t make me less worthy.  The man’s got a way with words, you know?  Then he told me I could trust you, Mr. A.”
Logan smiled and it lit up his whole face.  Cayden knew Grandpa was right.  Mr. A did love him.
“He said he loved me.  And then when that Malik dude put a slug in his shotgun, Grandpa said it would be a good time to leave.  That’s why I left like that.  I don’t know if he told me to turn around or not, but after the truck hit the tree, Grandpa was gone.  That’s all I remember.”
Everyone was quiet, taking it all in.  
“I believe you, Cayden,” Em said.
“Thanks, but it doesn’t matter if you do or not.  No offense, Em.  It’s just that I know he was there.  It’s the best thing that ever happened to me.”
“It was a gift,” Jayden said.  “It changed your life for the better.  And no one can take it away.”
Cayden smiled at her and nodded.  “That’s right.”
Jayden cocked her head and listened.  
“Shhhh!  You hear that?”
Not far away, from amongst the trees, a sound came to them that they had not heard for a long time.  It was the sound of songbirds singing.  
Jayden’s face broke out in a huge smile.  
“Birds!” she said.  “I hear birds!”
Everyone sat up, listened, and smiled.  They heard them, too.  
Even Katie was roused from her sleep.  She asked what was going on and then sat up. And then, just like the others, her face lit up.  She turned and searched for Sam.  She found him and waved.  He waved back and hurried over to her.  He had heard them, too.  Henry followed.
“It’s a good sign,” Katie said.  “But why now?”
Everyone looked at Jayden.  She shrugged her shoulders.  
“Who knows?  Maybe it was a gift from your grandpa, Cayden.  Maybe a gift from It.  God.  I don’t know, but it’s wonderful to hear them again.”
Henry stood listening.  “I like this place.  Maybe we can find shelter in one of the farm houses around here.  Anyone up to clearing?”
The group hesitated.  
“Look,” Jayden said, “I know it’s bad seeing all those dead people.  And finding whole families dead and walking around is worse.  But sooner or later, we’re going to have to do it.  Food is fast becoming scarce.  We have to raid homes now.  And you can bet we won’t be the only ones doing it.  We have to survive.”
“I’m tired of running,” Katie said.  “Sick of killing them and getting their blood and gore all over me.”
She shook in disgust.  Sam hunkered down and put his arm around her.
“Well, it’s just the beginning,” Henry said.  “I don’t like saying it, but if we plan on living, we’re gonna have to get used to it.”
Jayden got to her feet.  “I think the birds are a good sign,” she said.  “Let’s find a place before it gets too dark.”
“Maybe we can find another home,” Em said hopefully.
“Maybe,” Henry said.  “But it won’t be here.  We still have a long way to go before we get to a warm climate.  Maybe we’ll find a safe place there.”
Jayden busied herself helping to pack up the vehicles.  She didn’t want Em to see her face.  For as much as she was hoping the birds were a good sign, she was too much of a realist to think that things would suddenly turn out wonderful.  
Ryhs caught her eye as she walked to the Explorer.  As usual, he seemed to know what she was thinking.  And this time, she could tell he agreed.



Chapter 28



 Henry knew it was the right place to stop the moment it came into view.  It did not have an especially warm and cozy feel to it, but it definitely deserved a closer look.  At the very least, it would satisfy their morbid curiosity.   
It looked like a hobby farm.  Not quite a full-fledged farm with a large barn and silo.  Just a few faded outbuildings that would be good to raise some chickens in and store equipment.  The house was an old fieldstone two-story with a wide half-wall front porch.  And the whole thing was set back a hundred yards from the road, enough to offer privacy, and afford them a warning should anyone approach from the road.
The narrow gravel drive was surrounded by what had once been pasture land.  A few tall trees, mostly pine and oak, dotted the pasture with no undergrowth aside from grass that had since grown tall.  A faded and rundown wooden fence enclosed both sides of the driveway.  
Henry parked just shy of the entrance.  He wanted everyone to get a good look.  The property was the first cleared land they had seen for a few miles, and surrounding its approximate five acres, was more wooded land.
“Am I seeing what I think I’m seeing?” Em said.
“They look real,” said Henry.
“Either that or someone’s really into Halloween.  It is October, you know,” Jayden said.  
“What do you think, Ryhs?” Henry asked.  
“I think,” Ryhs said, “we have found ourselves another group.  Someone who has a deep-seated hatred or a really strange sense of humor.”
“If it’s a group,” Em said, “we could be in danger.  I don’t want to drive in there.”
“Place looks deserted,” Jayden said.  “They might not even be alive.  Or maybe they left for good.”
“Well?” Henry said.  “Yes or no.  I vote yes.  It’s not getting any lighter.”
“No,” Em said in a firm voice.
Jayden paused. Then, “Yes.”
“Yes,” Ryhs said.
Henry got out of the Explorer to talk to the others.  Despite the macabre sight, they had all exited their vehicles.  He came back a short time later.  
“Five yeas and three nays,” he said.
“I don’t like this,” Em said.  
“Let’s just get a closer look, Em,” Henry said.  “Maybe they aren’t even real.”
He turned onto the gravel drive and drove slowly toward the house.  When they had come abreast of the first one, Henry stopped to get a better look. 
“They’re real, all right,” Jayden said.  “How freaking weird.”
“It’s creepy,” Em said.  “The hairs are standing on end at the back of my neck.  We’re being watched.”
“By a dozen hanging shufflers,” Jayden said.  
“Make that fifteen,” Ryhs said.  He was looking from window to window, trying to count them all.  
“And look over there!” Em said, pointing up and to the right.  “Across from the sheds...  There’s at least three of them moving around.  Oh, and two more in front of the house, to the left.  See them?  Hanging from that huge oak.”
“Creative,” Jayden said.  “Maybe it gives them security.  Maybe the walking shufflers go after the hanging meat and leave the humans alone.”
“I thought they didn’t eat each other?” Em said.
“If they get hungry enough,” Ryhs said, “I think they might.  I mean, look at them.  Nothing left of their legs but bones.”
It was a gruesome sight and not a little weird.  Henry let up on the brakes, and they proceeded forward at a snail’s pace.  The closer they got, the fresher the bodies appeared.  As if whoever had hung them had started closer to the road and had worked their way in.  
Aside from the first one being dead, the rest became animated as the caravan drew closer.  No matter what condition their bodies were in or how much flesh was missing, their milky, red-veined eyes fixated on the living.  Rotted flesh, blackened tissue, and exposed bone and teeth contorted as they jangled like puppets from a crazed puppeteer.  Arms stretched out, grabbing nothing but air.  Their clothes were tattered and hung in loose folds.  
“They look really pissed,” Ryhs said.
“I don’t think they have any emotion,” Em said.  “I think they’re like sharks.  Driven only to find and devour food.”
“Look at that one,” Jayden said, pointing to the left and farther away.  “And that one up there.  They can’t turn around.  Can’t see us.  They look pretty pissed off to me, too.”
A fine mist began to fall and Henry turned on the wipers.  Then the wind picked up, and it caused the shufflers to swing even farther.
“Get ready,” he said, steering to the right and then veering to the left so they would all be facing the road in case they needed to leave in a hurry.  They were about twenty feet from the house.
They all piled out of the vehicles on the side facing the road.  Everyone readied their weapons.
“Let’s go,” Ryhs said, taking the lead.  He leveled his shotgun toward the house.  A handgun and knife were around his waist.  
Logan, Sam, Henry, and Jayden took up the immediate rear.  The rest stayed back to observe the outbuildings and road.  
Before they had gone three steps, a shot rang out above their heads.  Everyone ran for cover behind the vehicles. The blast had come from a shotgun.  
“You need to get back in your cars and leave!” 
 The voice had come from the front of the house.  It was a woman’s voice, and she definitely meant business, but she was no young warrior.  Her voice was that of an elderly woman.
“Let me talk,” Em said.  “We’ve obviously got something in common.”
“That makes two of us,” Henry said.  He wanted to help.
“Let me,” she repeated.  “I’m also a woman.  Two things in common.”
The woman did not speak or fire her shotgun again.  It was like she was waiting for them to either obey her or face the consequences.
“Please,” Em shouted, “don’t shoot!  I just want you to see me.  We mean you no harm.”
Em stood up straight and walked slowly beyond the front of the Explorer.  Her hands were raised above her head.  
“That’s enough!” the old woman shouted.  
Em had left her rifle behind.  She slowly raised her jacket and turned around to prove she was unarmed.  She faced the woman again, and her faded blue eyes revealed her kind but frank demeanor.  
“My name’s Emily Westover.  I’m with my husband, Henry.  Jayden and Sam Newberry are brother and sister.  I’ve known them since they were babies.  Katie Bristol was a friend of Jayden and Sam’s cousin. The rest of them became part of our group the night everything went to hell.  Ryhs Finley lost his wife and baby that night.  Henry and Jayden saved him.  Logan Andrews and his music student, Cayden Parker, were saved when we let them come in our underground shelter.”
Emily paused and waited for the woman to speak.  The woman said nothing.
“We’ve all lost loved ones,” Emily continued.  “None of us have been immune.  I’m thinking you might have that in common with us.”
Again, her words were met with silence, and Emily took heart that she wasn’t being shot at.
“We’re headed south for the winter.  We were just hoping for a place to stay the night.”
Suddenly the woman spoke.  “And here I thought you came to get a better look at my animated art.”
Emily smiled, almost laughed.  The woman obviously had a sense of humor.  Either that, or she was half-past crazy.
“Come on out and let me look at you.  All of you!”
Em motioned for them to step out beside her.  
“And lay down your weapons.  I already saw them, so don’t try to pretend you don’t have any.”
Em studied her friends’ faces.  It was clear they did not want to disarm.  But she was confident in her ability to judge a stranger’s character.  
“Well, come on,” Em said.  “It’s not getting any lighter.  Or drier.  I’m starting to get soaked.”
Slowly, the rest of the group walked out and stood around Em.  
The woman stepped out from behind a thick support column beside the stairs.  She now had her shotgun pointed up and away from the group.
“Come on up on the porch,” she said.  “But if you try anything funny, I won’t hesitate to shoot you.”
“I swear we won’t hurt you,” Em said in a calm voice.  “We’ve had our fill of crazy humans.  We aren’t one of them.”
The woman studied Em, and said, “I believe you.”
“Three things,” Em told Henry.  “We’re both a good judge of character.”
Henry put his arm around Em’s shoulder and they slowly walked to the house.  They stopped at the foot of the stairs to make sure the woman hadn’t changed her mind.
“I’m Catherine,” she said.  She stepped over to stand before them.  “Catherine Francis.  Are you hungry?”
She was about five feet seven inches tall, a hundred and fifty pounds.  Perfectly white hair framed her face and gray eyes.  She wore what most people wore: blue jeans, sweatshirt, and a vest.  Nothing about her was frail or weak.
“We ate not that long ago,” Emily said.  
Catherine read Em’s face.  
“But it wasn’t enough, was it?”
“No.”
“Then come on in.  I’ve got enough.  Food lasts a little longer for me now.  I don’t have the appetite I once had.  I guess that’s what age does; makes me lose my taster.”
Em smiled and started up the steps.  “You can’t be much older than me.”
“I’m eighty-two years old.”
Em stopped in surprise.  “You are not.”
“Trust me.  I wouldn’t lie about something like that.”
“I’m sixty-seven,” Em said.  “I hope I look as good as you when I’m eighty-two.  If I live that long.” 
“We have no guarantees about anything,” Catherine said.  “I lost my husband last year.  Earl’s lucky he didn’t have to see all of this.”
She turned, opened the front door, and waited for them to walk inside before closing and locking up.  
“Come on in to the kitchen,” she said, leading the way toward the back of the house.    
 It was dim in the living room and hallway, but when their hostess opened a door, light met their eyes.  She waited for the last one to walk through, and then she made sure the door was shut.
“Have a seat,” she said.  “Plenty of room.”
They had entered a large kitchen and dining room area.  Several kerosene lamps and a fire lit up the room, and the windows were all covered by makeshift plywood shutters.  They had been affixed to the inside of the room, reinforced with more wood and heavy bolts.  The same arrangement strengthened a door to the outside.  
Henry walked up to the fire.  It was on the outer wall between the kitchen and dining room.  He held out his hands and rubbed them to get warm.  
“This is a wonderful room,” he said, looking around.  “Did it used to be two separate rooms?”
“Yes,” Catherine said, bringing dishes down from the cupboard.  “Just beyond the fireplace.  I wanted a bigger room, so Earl and I did it ourselves.  Being an old house, it had a lot of rooms.  We did the same for upstairs.  Instead of four bedrooms, there are now three, along with a bathroom.”
“It’s beautiful,” Jayden said.  
“Where’s everyone else?” Ryhs asked.  
“What others?” Catherine said.  “There are none.”
“Then who put up the shufflers?”
Catherine frowned in confusion.  “Shufflers?”
“Yes.  The things hanging from your trees.”
“Oh, those!”  She laughed.  “You know, once they get to the point you see them now, they really don’t weigh that much.  Pretty much just skin and bones.”
Everyone looked shocked.
“You didn’t heft them up there by yourself, did you?” Henry asked.  
“There’s so many,” Em said.  
Catherine went to a large standalone pantry and brought out two large Mason jars.  
“I hope you like chicken and dumplings,” she said.  The chicken’s canned, but I’ve got fresh eggs to make the dumplings.”  
She reached into the cupboard and started to bring out the ingredients.  
“You have chickens?” Sam asked in amazement.  “Where?”
“In the coop out back.”
She turned around, leaned against the counter, and said, “Most of my animals disappeared when it happened.  For some reason, the chickens survived.  I don’t know why.  But that’s one of the reasons I hang ‘em.”
“You hang your chickens?” Cayden said.
“No, sweet boy.  The... shufflers, as you call them.”
“Why?” Em asked.  She said it slowly as if she didn’t really want to know.
“Because when the dead things come, they go to what they see moving.  What they hear.  And it’s one of the zombies, dancing on the end of a rope.”  She laughed to herself.  “You call them shufflers?”
Henry nodded.  
“Well, then I guess they’re doing the shuffler’s dance.”
Catherine laughed at her own joke.  
She turned and busied herself with making the dumplings.  
“Catherine,” Ryhs said, “I still don’t understand why you put those things up there.  How did you know for sure the others would leave your chickens alone?”
“I didn’t.  At first.  First I found out how to kill them before they could kill me.  I found out by accident that it took a head shot.  I imagine you already know that?”
Ryhs nodded.
She was looking at him as though debating on whether or not to say anything else.  
“I saw them eat my goats.  They must have eaten everything else, too, because I haven’t seen anything alive besides my chickens.  And that’s because I built a big fence they can’t get through.  Actually, me and Earl did.  We made it strong to keep out the foxes and hawks.”
Jayden’s eyes narrowed.  Catherine had just lied.  Either now or earlier, when she’d said her husband had died last year.  She decided to keep silent; when Catherine’s husband died was her business.
“They ate my cows,” Henry said.  “But something else happened because even the cats and dogs from the humane society are gone.  As if they never existed.”
“Yes, it is a mystery, isn’t it?  Something took them, but it wasn’t just the... shufflers.”
She looked them in the eye.  
“Have you heard the whispers?” she said.  “High up in the trees?  Something told me that was a fitting place to put the shufflers.  So I guess you could say I offered them up as a sacrifice.  Besides, I hate the fucking things.”
Henry laughed, and Em just stared at Catherine as though she was a little off.  But then, weren’t they all now?  
“You are something else,” she told Catherine.  “You have survived here when many can’t do it in a group.  You’re eighty-two years old and hefting up zombies into trees.  Amazing.”
“And you have chickens!” Katie said.  “Fresh eggs and meat.”
Catherine nodded absentmindedly.  She set aside the mixed dumplings, opened the jars of chicken, and dumped them into a big pot.  She then opened a few cans of vegetables, stirred them in, and then carried the pot over to hang above the fire.
“Nice setup,” Logan said. He eyed the hole in the stone wall near the fire.  It was half full of split wood.  “Can I bring in more wood for you?”
“Yes, but you don’t have to go far.”
She walked over to the barred back door and unlocked it.  
“I keep this door boarded up, just in case.  But right here in the back porch, is where I keep a lot of my wood.”
Logan looked and gave out a low whistle.  The back porch was the size of a small room.  All of its windows had been boarded up, also, except for a narrow viewing spot in the outer door and alongside the adjoining walls.  Except for a path that led to the back door, the room was filled with neatly stacked wood.  
“Did you do all of this, too?” he asked.
“Yes.  Luckily I haven’t had to chop my own wood yet.  The largest shed out back is over half filled.  It should last me a couple more years, give or take.”
“What are you planning to do when you get low?”
“I have a log splitter.  I know how to use it.”
“I don’t doubt that you do,” Logan said.  “But here, let me stock it up next to the fireplace.  It’s the least I can do.”
“Thank you,” she said, a half smile forming on her lips.  “I’ll use some of it in the little cook stove, too.  But for that, I’ll also need a little kindling.”
“I’ll get that,” Sam said, rushing over.
Katie helped him, and soon, all the wood was stacked up.     
Catherine started a fire in the small black cook stove.  It was an old-fashioned metal stove with a flat top.  She could either open it from the front or use a coiled metal handle to lift a round plate on the top.  Soon she had a fire going, and she placed another large pot on top of the stove.  It was filled with water to wash the dishes.
Catherine looked at the battery-operated clock on the wall.  
“Well, since you’ll be spending the night, you’d better move your cars to the back.  I don’t want anyone to know I’m here, though I know the wood smoke is a dead giveaway.  I just hope no one drives by and decides to investigate.  Not everyone is like you.”
Jayden and Em told Catherine what they had gone through with Malik Taber and his group.  And how they had kicked out Lauren.  After they told her about Cayden’s accident and Logan’s close call with a bullet, she ordered both of them to allow her to see their injuries.
“Don’t worry, Em’s a good nurse,” Cayden said.  “See, fresh wraps.  They’re only bruised ribs.”
Logan allowed Catherine to remove the bandage at his temple to view the scar.  She cleaned it, applied antiseptic, and used another fresh bandage and wrap.  
“In a couple of days you should just let it air dry,” she said.  “It’s healing nicely.”
Logan made a hats-off motion to Em.  
Catherine asked Katie and Sam to watch over the warming supper and water; she was going to accompany the drivers as they moved the vehicles.  
“Shit!” Ryhs said.  “I can’t believe we let our guard down.  We forgot our weapons!”
Catherine stopped in her tracks.  “I’m so sorry,” she said.  “That was my fault.”
“You did the right thing,” Jayden said.  “We should have remembered and asked if it was okay to bring them inside.  Don’t worry.  We’ll just go out now and get them.”
“Well, then, we improvise,” she said.  
Catherine dug in a drawer and brought out three long knives. She gave them to Jayden, Ryhs, and Henry.  She also grabbed and distributed a hammer from the kitchen counter, a bat from the corner, and a poker from the fireplace.  She then led them through the door to the hall and living room beyond.  She carried a kerosene lamp and flashlight to light the way.  It was now too dark to see anything.   
“I never go out after dark,” she said.  “And I always shutter up all the windows from the inside.  After it happened, one of those damn things almost killed me.  They were banging on the window and finally broke it.  That was before I knew you had to kill them with head shots.  By the time I’d wasted my ammo, one was halfway in the window.  I finally killed it.”
The three looked at her with admiration.  Henry thought she’d make a good addition to their group.
Catherine opened the door and peered out.  
“Let’s go,” she said. 
She turned on the flashlight and stepped onto the porch.  A quick sweep up and down the width of the house revealed that nothing waited for them.  Then she swept the space between the house and vehicles.  
Jayden, Ryhs, and Henry gathered on the porch.  The wind had picked up even more, and the night air was no longer cool.  It was cold, and the rain was turning into sleet that bit and stung their faces.  The hanging shufflers from the large oak on their right danced and growled their displeasure at their inability to feed on fresh prey.   It seemed that the cold had made their joints harder to move.  Catherine swung the flashlight to shine on the closest one.  Its crazed eyes, milky with cataracts, stared wide-eyed with an inner hunger.  They glowed with a yellow-green sickness.
After she was satisfied that no other shufflers inhabited the immediate area, she swung the beam farther out to encompass the vehicles.  She set the kerosene lamp down near the door.
“Let’s go,” she said.  “The quicker the better!”
The others readied their keys and balanced their new hand-held weapons.  
“Get in on this side,” Ryhs said.  “Make sure the interior is empty, then turn on the engines and headlights.  “I’ll position Logan’s truck so we can see our weapons.  Only then do we get out.”
Jayden had the keys for the Pathfinder.  As she opened its front passenger door, she stopped and froze.  
It came to her from above and all around:  The whispers.  Whispering in their frantic language that she could not understand.  Taunting her and being so quiet that she had to force her breathing to slow down, tilt her head in order to hear better. 
“Wait!” she said.  “Wait!  Can you hear them?”
Catherine hurried over to Jayden.  
“Just get in the car, Jayden,” she said.  “Don’t listen to them now.  We’ll try later.”
“Jayden!” Ryhs yelled.  “Hurry up!”
Jayden shook her head as though coming out of a trance.  Catherine stepped back and surveyed the area with her flashlight.  So far, so good.
When all three vehicles had been started, Ryhs backed up the pickup and drove so that the headlights shined on the drive and pastures on either side.  He could see no shufflers other than the hanging ones. Then all three of them were out, grabbing the weapons they had laid down earlier. 
Jayden called for Catherine to get in the Pathfinder with her.  At first the woman looked like she might refuse, but then at the last moment she relented and climbed in.
They drove to the back of the house and parked.  Ryhs almost freaked out when he heard a shuffler nearby.
“Don’t worry,” Catherine said.  “It’s only my little friend, Zeus.  It means ‘living’ in Greek.  I thought the name was rather fitting, since he will obviously never have the pleasure of being alive.”
“You are wicked,” Ryhs said.  “Wickedly funny.”
“Zeus the zombie is particularly chatty.  He warns me when another is nearby.  Which is rather funny, too.  I’m sure if his dim-witted brain could think, he wouldn’t want to help me at all.  Especially since it was I who made it so he would never be able to chase down another meal.”
Jayden wasn’t listening to them.  She was listening to the whispers.  
“They’re getting louder,” she said.  “Can you hear them?  Or am I the only one who’s going crazy?”
“I hear them,” Catherine said, “but I try to ignore them.  There is nothing good about those voices.”
“Do you understand what they are saying?”
“No.  And I never will.  And neither will you.  As far as I’m concerned?  They dreamed up this little hell we now call life.  I will not give them the satisfaction of my acknowledgment.  And I suggest you don’t, either.”
“I can’t stand not knowing,” Jayden said softly.
“That’s what they count on, don’t you know?  They like to lord their power over us.”
“So you think they are powerful, too?”
Catherine went to the door of the back porch which had been converted to a woodshed.  She pulled on the door.  “Damn!  I forgot to unlock it.  We’ll have to go all the way to the front again.”
Jayden was frustrated with Catherine’s opinion, but she kept silent as they followed her back to the front.  Gravel crunched loudly under their feet.   
Ryhs tugged on Jayden’s jacket.  “You know, me and Henry heard it, too.”
“That’s right,” Henry said from behind.  “So, no.  You are not going crazy, Jayden.”
“Well, that’s comforting,” she said.   A moment later she cringed when she realized how sarcastic she had sounded.  “Really, I mean it.”
“None of us knows what it means, or even if there’s something intelligent behind it,” Ryhs said.  
“Trees don’t talk, Ryhs!  And don’t forget, the first time I heard whispers, it wasn’t coming just from the trees.  It was coming from the sky, too!”
“I get that!” he said.  “I just don’t know if it’s something intelligent.  Something that knows what it’s doing and is trying to communicate with us.”
“Last I heard,” Jayden retorted, “communication only exists between intelligent species.  Like whales and dolphins.  Humans!”
“Almost every living thing communicates at some level, Jayden.  It’s language that is thought to only occur among intelligent species.  Like your whales, dolphins, and humans.”
Jayden threw up her hands in frustration.
“Whatever!  Sorry I even brought it up!”
Ryhs exhaled loudly.  “You don’t have to be sorry!  We’re just discussing it.  You know, communicating.”
“Ha.  Ha,” she said.
“You guys might want to be quiet,” Henry said.  “Listen to the hanging shufflers.”
Jayden and Ryhs bumped into the back of Catherine.  Her arms were extended out to her sides, the shotgun in her right hand.
“Be quiet!” she hissed.  
By now they had reached the corner of the house.  She turned the flashlight beam on the hanging shufflers just beyond the front porch.  They were jumping and swaying like Mexican Jelly Beans on speed.  
And then a pair of legs appeared on the ground, dragging an old brown loafer as it shambled toward them.  The hanging shuffler twirled around as the owner of the brown loafers edged past it and came into view.  Its eyes fixated on the flashlight before turning its attention to sniffing the air.  The more it sniffed, the more animated it became.  The more hungry and eager it sounded.
“Run!” Catherine screamed.  “Run!”
When the shuffler heard Catherine’s voice, it was like turning on new pathways in a dimly-lit brain.  It scurried closer, fixated on its next meal.  
Catherine stopped, brought the shotgun up, and pointed in the shuffler’s direction.  She fired but missed the head.  A hole appeared in the chest and buckshot sprayed in a circular pattern, visible on the once-white shirt.  Red and black glistening tissue appeared, along with some white bony fragments.  
“Shit!” Henry cursed.  He stepped up and fired to the left of the approaching shuffler.  “Give me your flashlight, Catherine!”
Catherine fired again and this time, the shuffler went down.  
Jayden froze.  From all around them, she could hear shufflers growling and snapping the air with their mouths.  Only they were too close.  They weren’t the hanging shufflers.  They were the ones who walked.  The ones who were free to attack, maim, and kill.
Catherine turned her light to the left.  A shuffler was only ten feet away.  Henry downed it with a head shot.  
“Get in the house!” Ryhs screamed.  “What are you waiting for?”
He pushed them forward, trying to funnel them to the steps.  
Henry fired off three more shots as Catherine ran to the steps.  For a moment, her flashlight lit up the area beyond the steps along the front of the house.  The narrow beam picked up several more shufflers racing toward them.  
Somewhere off in her mind, Jayden was aware of the front door opening.  People were screaming, running out onto the porch, trying to see with the kerosene lantern.  Jayden and her friends were weighted down with weapons, but they might just as well have been blindfolded for all they could see. 
Catherine reached the steps and climbed to the porch.  She turned and leveled the flashlight so her new friends could see better in order to get off more shots.  She almost dropped the flashlight in shock, for as far as she could see, they were surrounded by not dozens of shufflers, but hundreds.  Somehow, without any of them being aware, a large herd had stumbled upon her beloved home.
Henry emptied his gun.  He could not see Jayden and Ryhs, so he raced up the stairs to get a light.  And then he saw them.  They were so far away.  
Jayden was screaming. A shuffler was pulling her backwards by her hair, and two dead things had latched on to Ryhs’s jacket.  
A moment later, the humans and shufflers collided.



Chapter 29



The odor of the living dead surrounded Jayden.  It infused her olfactory nerves to such an extent it was suffocating.  It was putrid and overpowering.  Once again, she felt like she would throw up.  In a minutia of frozen time, she wondered if she would ever get used to having to deal with things that made her want to puke.  Either the smelly things or the visually ghoulish things.  Or maybe both at the same time.  It didn’t matter.  She just wanted her stomach and mind to share a hardened outlook.  Be a little more practical, perhaps.
Holly hell that hurt!  Who’s pulling my hair? 
The smell.
The clamor.  
The racket.
Her brain offered up a handful of descriptive words.  Clangor.  Din.  Uproar.  How about Hullabaloo?  Now that’s a word that needs to be put to rest.  Who the hell ever uses that word anymore?
“Jayden!”
“What?” she said.  
“Fight, Jayden!  Why aren’t you fighting?”
An uncomfortable feeling burrowed its way into her awareness.  Ah, yes!  It was awareness itself burrowing its way into her brain.  How uncomfortable!  Because when the fog began to lift, something else took its place.  Terror.
She was being jostled around.  It made her feel like she was at a concert.  There were the light beams spearing the dark.  And over there, more solid lights coming from fixed lamps.  And if her brain didn’t stop abandoning her, she was going to DIE!!
A beam of light steadied on her and Ryhs.  They were surrounded by shufflers.  Tons of shufflers.  Too many to count.  And at least one of them was still yanking on her hair.  And over on her left, Ryhs was trying to strip out of his jacket.  At least three shufflers were trying to eat it.
“Jayden!  Your gun!  Your knife!”
That came from Ryhs.  She knew it did because she saw his mouth move and the words fit the motions.
Someone else was screaming her name.  
Oh, my God!  It was Sam!  
Sam was hanging over the half wall of the porch, firing into the crowd of shufflers.  He was screaming at her to fight.
Finally the horror that had frozen her in its grip vanished.  Time sped up to the speed in which she had always been accustomed.  And now all the training and experience she had gathered during the past two months finally kicked in.  
A shuffler’s face collided with her personal space.  
Its mouth was open in anticipation of ripping her throat out.
Jayden reached for her knife.  It was out of its sheath in a second.  In another second, it was buried in the forehead of the dead thing before her.
Ryhs twisted out of his jacket, turned, and fired a bullet into each of the three shufflers.  They went down in a heap. Then he fired off three more shots in rapid succession behind Jayden. 
Between Ryhs shooting on her left, and Sam firing up above on her right, Jayden’s ears were ringing.  
But her eyes were working just fine.
What she and Ryhs needed was a pathway to the stairs.  And it looked like Henry, Em, and Catherine were trying to do just that.  Closer toward Jayden on the porch, Sam continued to shoot what walked up behind her and Ryhs.  She saw Logan leaning over and stabbing with the poker.  Jostling between them, Cayden and Katie were trying to provide the needed light.  They were each carrying flashlights, and kerosene lamps hung from plant hangers at the edge of the porch ceiling.
Now that the immediate shufflers were being taken care of, Jayden knew they had a chance to make it to the steps.  She grabbed Ryhs by his sleeve and pulled.  He glanced at her and saw the narrow window of opportunity.  It was a very constricted space, fraught with dead shufflers littering the ground, threatening to trip them up.
Ryhs simultaneously pushed and grabbed Jayden forward.  She jumped and ran, her feet somehow finding safe footing.  Ryhs stumbled and fell into her from the back.  She planted both feet until she felt his weight rise of its own accord.  She reached out her hand, he grabbed it, and suddenly they were running up the steps.  
Cayden and Katie had the front door open for them.  Everyone grabbed the weapons and the remaining lanterns and leaped through the doorway and into the house.  Catherine slammed the door shut and bolted it.  
“Hurry!” she shouted.  “Bolt all the windows on the first floor!”
Everyone ran to the windows, banged them shut, and locked them tight.
“I have extra wood in the basement!” she said.  “If they begin to break through, we’ll have to use it.”
As all the first-floor windows were being secured, Logan and Sam went down to the cellar for more wood.  Katie and Cayden lit the way with flashlights.  A short time later, there was a stack of half sheets of plywood and several lengths of two-by-fours.  Katie lugged up a pail of nails and an extra hammer she had found.  
Everyone gathered in the living room after making sure the windows and doors were barred.  The distinctive smell of kerosene mingled with their sweat, and over it all, hovered the elusive scent of fear.  The bright light of the lamps created white halos of light.  They joined and jelled with shadowy sections of the room, and every time someone moved, shadows jumped and leaped at the light.
“Take a breather,” Catherine said.  “Try not to let the sound of them beat you.”
The noise from the shufflers was getting louder.  They banged on the doors and windows, slapped the stone exterior.  Their snarling groans became louder and louder.  It was a chorus of the undead. 
Jayden and her group felt fairly confident in their safety.  They knew that the only way the shufflers could enter was by the doors or windows.  And those were securely boarded up. 
Sam took Katie’s hand and held it in his own.  She looked at him as though she would never see him again.  She drank him up with her eyes, and they both slid to the floor, their backs against the wall.  Jayden watched and a weight of sadness settled over her heart.  This was the first time she had seen her brother in love.  She was afraid he would not have long to experience it.
Henry and Em sat down on the sofa.  They perched on the edge like frail birds. They, too, held hands.  
Logan stood near Cayden, a protective eye on him.  Cayden favored his lower right ribs and tried to deny they hurt.  Logan told him he did not have to pretend, that it was all right.
And as always, Jayden found herself near Ryhs.  Both of them were covered with blood and gore.  Neither of them spoke of what had just happened in the yard.  They sat on the floor.
Catherine told them to just sit and relax.  She walked from window to window, room to room, examining the strength of her fortress.  When she came back to the living room, she told them she believed the wood would hold.  At least for now.
“But how many are there?” Em said.  “Hundreds?  Thousands?”
“There has to be,” Sam said.  “As far as I could see, there were swarms of them.  I couldn’t see an edge of where they weren’t.”
Catherine disappeared into the kitchen and came back with towels and some of the water that had been heated up. She told Jayden and Ryhs to clean up.  Then she told them she had extra clothes in the bedroom that she believed would fit them both.  Some of hers and some of her husband’s.  
Jayden began washing her face, but in a little while, Catherine slapped her hand away.  She leaned closer and studied the back of Jayden’s neck.  Then she stepped back.
“You’ve been bitten,” she said.
“What?”
“You’ve been bitten.  You will have to be quarantined.  I’m sorry.”  
Catherine readied her shotgun and told everyone to remain calm. 
If Jayden thought she had been in shock before, it was nothing compared to this.  
Bitten?  When?
When you were in a daze, you fool.
Sam jumped up and ran to her.  “I don’t believe it,” he said.  “She couldn’t have been bitten.  I d-d-don’t believe it.”
Ryhs was also beside her, shining his light on the left side of her neck and toward the back.  He let the flashlight fall to his lap and looked away.  Sam stared, unable to admit what his eyes had shown him.  Then he stumbled back and shook his head in denial.  But there were also hot tears.  And it was those tears that convinced Jayden the bite was real.
Em started to get to her feet but Henry held her back.  
“But it’s Jayden!” Em said.  “We can’t just lock her away like a rabid dog.”
“If she were a rabid dog, I would have shot her,” Catherine said.  “But we have to do what is best for everyone.  She could turn in a matter of minutes.  Or seconds.”
The others knew she was right.  But no one wanted to admit it.
“You’re not going to shoot her,” Sam said.
Catherine did not say anything.  She just stood there.  Her expression was resolute. 
“No, she’s not,” Ryhs said, getting to his feet.  “I won’t let her.”
Jayden looked from her brother to Ryhs.  She wanted to cry.  Their caring and loyalty spoke volumes, yet she knew in her heart that Catherine was right.
“We can find a way...” Katie said, taking a step away from the wall.  Her voice faltered and then stopped.
Jayden hated the look on their faces.  It physically hurt to watch them.  They were being confronted by a situation that was beyond their ability to control.  
“Hot chicks don’t die from zombie bites,” Cayden said.  
His smile froze on his face before his facial muscles began to twitch as though he was fighting, daring his smile to waver.  He finally had to look away with a grimace.
Henry said, “I’m so sorry, Jayden.  So very sorry.”
It was Logan who wanted Jayden’s input.  
“What do you want, Jayden?  Whatever it is, I’ll do it.  If you want me to drive you to your uncle’s place, that’s what I’ll do.  You can be near what you know.  Maybe your family...”  It was hard for him to continue.  “Maybe your family still walks.  I know it’s not what any of us said we would want but things change when it actually happens.  We never know what we actually want until we experience it.”
His voice broke and he had to look away.
Sam, Em, Katie, and Cayden were crying.  They no longer cared if anyone saw their tears.
“I don’t know,” Jayden said.  “I just don’t know.  I feel okay.  But I know that everyone changes.  I know it can’t be any different for me.”
Her fingers played with the stiff seam of her jeans, a nervous mannerism the group had witnessed before.   
“Let me guess.  I don’t have long to decide.  If there is even anything to decide.”
She looked at each of them.  It was clear they found it difficult to look her in the eye.
“Logan, that was so sweet.  What you said.  But you can’t drive a shuffler all the way back to the middle of Wisconsin.  Trust me, the last thing I want to do is eat you.”  Her eyes diverted to Cayden.  He had smirked.  So like Cayden to be unable to think without cracking a joke.  Even if it was one that he kept to himself.  “Shut up, Cayden,” she said with a smile.
Cayden began to laugh but it quickly turned to an inarticulate utterance of grief.
Jayden made up her mind.  She rose to her feet.  Everyone either stepped back if they were standing or leaned back if they were seated.  Her hands rose in supplication.  Catherine’s shotgun rose imperceptibly, but it rose in Jayden’s direction, nevertheless.
“I will not allow myself to harm any of you,” Jayden said.  “I have come to think of you as family.  In so many ways, closer.  Except for you, Sam.  If there is one positive thing from any of this, it was spending time with you.  I could say so much more, but it would sound like a speech.  Just know that I care for all of you.  I’m sorry.  I froze out there, and now I’ve brought this upon myself and you.”
The room was silent, except for the squeak of a floorboard as Catherine shifted her weight.  
“Well,” Jayden said, “I for sure don’t want to be killed while I’m still human.  But I also don’t want to put anyone in harm’s way when I change.  Do you think...  Catherine, do you think you could lock me in a room?  I don’t want to be left out in the cold right now.  With those things.”
She shivered and hugged herself.  
“It’s gotten so cold.  Listen!  You can hear ice hitting the roof.”  Her eyes opened wide and stared in surprise.  “You can hear the ice hitting the roof!” she repeated.  “Not the shufflers.”
Everyone listened for the pounding of hands upon windows and doors, snarls and growls.  They all looked at each other in disbelief.
“Shhhh!  Can you hear that?”  
Jayden’s finger pointed up.  
Spppsssss! Spppssssss! Spppsssss!
“The whispers!” Ryhs said.  He looked at Jayden in confusion.  “I can hear them so good.”
“We all can,” Henry said.  “What can it mean?”
“I told you!” Catherine said.  “You will never know.  They will never tell you or stoop to let a mere mortal know the likes of them!”
A horrifically loud boom of thunder shook the house.  Everyone jumped.  
“What the hell-” Cayden said.  
“Eerily similar to the night it all began,” Logan said.  “Everyone remember?”
“How could I forget?” Catherine said.  “It was the night I lost my husband.”
“I thought you said he died last year?” Jayden said.
Catherine started.  Her face turned pink.
Everyone looked shocked.  They waited for her to explain.  
Catherine’s face crumpled.  “He didn’t die last year.  He died the night it all happened.  He came in from outside and said the rain hurt his skin.  I told him we had to get the livestock out of the rain before they died.  He didn’t want to.  He was afraid for me.”
She looked away.  Her eyes looked haunted.
“But I said we had to try.  They were all we had between us and the poor house.  I made him help me.  He didn’t want to, but I made him.  And then we were attacked.  They killed him.  He came back alive but it wasn’t him.  Not really.
“I found out it took a head shot to kill them.  They were people who had become stranded down the road.  But I couldn’t put a bullet in his head.  I couldn’t.
“So I tied him up.  Out back.  Where I could still hear his voice.”
Henry said, “Zeus.  Zeus is really Earl?”
Catherine nodded and collapsed to the floor.
“I couldn’t let him go.  Just like you can’t let Jayden go.  I keep hoping he’ll come back to me.  Like the birds that have suddenly appeared.”
Jayden felt sick.  She couldn’t tell if it was because of Catherine’s sad story or if it was because she was changing.
“Lock me away,” she said.  “Give me a flashlight, some food and water, and a pail to pee in.  But make sure I can’t get out.  Did you hear me?  Do as I say!  Now!” 



Chapter 30



“Which room, Catherine?”   
Catherine was in her own little room of painful memories.  She wept openly; so at odds with her previous demeanor.  
“Catherine!” Ryhs repeated.  “Which room?”
It was enough to get through to the woman.  She roused herself to a standing position and walked down the hall to a door on the left.  
“In here,” she said.  She shined her flashlight around the interior of the room.  “This will do.  But you’ll need to use that plywood and two-by-fours to seal her in.  The door doesn’t have a lock.”
Ryhs put his arm around Jayden’s shoulder and led her to the room.  Em hurried to the kitchen and came back with a bowl of the chicken and vegetables.  Catherine hadn’t had time to cook the dumplings, but Em figured it was enough for now.  She also carried a plastic milk jug full of water and the pail Jayden had requested.
“Someone go in the kitchen and get extra batteries,” Catherine said.  She told them where to look.  There would also be a couple of extra flashlights but Catherine did not believe that Jayden would need them for long.
Sam and Ryhs hovered over Jayden as though they wanted to make the next few moments last forever.  
“I’m really tired,” she said.  
“There’s a bed in there,” Catherine said.  “Just make yourself as comfortable as you can.”
Jayden nodded.  “Sam?”  She could not find the words she wanted to say.  “Do what needs to be done and never feel guilty.  Do you hear me?  Never feel guilt.”
Sam lowered his head and his arms hung limply at his sides.  He sobbed.
“Shhhhh, shhhhh,” she said, trying to comfort him.  “You’ll be okay.  I’ll be okay.  I really believe that.  I’ll see you one day.  But for now, you take care of Katie and be happy.”
Sam’s shoulders shook and he allowed Jayden to draw him near.  He knew that after he hugged her, she would be shut away from him forever.  He would never see her again. 
Jayden extricated herself.  She was no longer interested in goodbyes.  It was too much.  But before she could slide in through the doorway, Ryhs pulled her to him in a tight embrace.  She buried her head in his chest, and the sedated emotions she had held at bay suddenly erupted and washed over the edge.  
She allowed herself to be held, yet even now, she would not hug him back.  It felt as if she would be committing some form of adultery, and that was not the last act of free will she was willing to perform.  Common sense told her that her thinking was misguided.  They were simply friends saying goodbye.  She was being irrational.  The pervasive sickness of the shufflers was killing her brain.  She knew that as much as she knew anything.  
Yet her heart did break a little harder, and her failing mind offered her a vision of a silver heart divided in two.  A simple piece of jewelry that so many had been drawn to wear.  She supposed it was because so much was encapsulated in that unpretentious symbol.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered in her ear.  “I am so sorry.”  
His voice broke and he buried his head in her shoulder, away from the others.  
And now the tables had been turned on her.  Instead of being fearful of being selfish for what she wanted, she was afraid she was being selfish by denying him the knowledge of what he had meant to her.  And what had he meant to her, exactly?  She did not really know, other than he had made her feel like she hadn’t in a very long time.  And he wasn’t just someone to help her get over her unfaithful husband.  But every time her heart had wanted to direct her attention to him, she had turned away, effectively dismissing the conversation her mind would not allow her to have.  
Because you were afraid he would leave you like Nick.
There, you said it.  It’s out.  And nothing you can do about it.
Ha. Ha.  The joke’s on you.
But not only that.  There was something else...
Yes, there was.  If he could have loved his wife so unconditionally, what was he doing now?  How can you love someone so much, and then begin to love another?  Does that invalidate the first love?  Lessen or cheapen the second?
Her head was pounding.  Words and emotions began to speed up like the blurred colors and shapes of a reel of film being fast forwarded.  
All she wanted was some peace and quiet.  Away from prying eyes.  
What gives them the right to stare at me like I’m some kind of animal?
They are nothing but animals themselves. 
Animals are kinder creatures.
But they sure taste good.
Ummmm.  Yes.  They do.
“Yes, they do,” she said.
“What did you say?” Ryhs said.  “Jayden?  Jayden?”
She slowly pushed back from him, felt for the doorframe, and pulled herself into the room.  
Someone kindly pushed the door closed.  Very, very slowly.  Very quietly.
Click.
She turned and her foot kicked the flashlight that had been left on the floor.  It rattled and banged across the room.  And then she ran into the pail.  It, too, went clanging across the floor.  
Bed.
Food.
Sleep?
Suddenly the banging of a hammer filled the room.  
Bang!  Bang!  Bang!
Plywood shoved up against the outer doorframe. More hammering.  
She could hear them out there. Whispering so she couldn’t hear.  It filled her with rage.
She smelled the putrid scent of cooked chicken and vegetables.  
Sniff.  Sniff.
The hated stuff was in a bowl on the night stand.  
They expect me to eat this slop?
She batted out in the darkness and the bowl flew across the room.
She felt the sharp edge of the night stand.  She ripped it away from the wall and kicked it away.  The glass lamp broke in a hundred pieces.
Jayden screamed in rage.



Chapter 31



The group left the next morning.
“Are you sure you want to stay?” Henry asked Catherine.  “You’d be safer with us.”
She shook her head.  “No.  This has been my home for over sixty years.  I’m not about to leave now.”
They had been up the whole night.  Who could sleep with all that racket?  Besides, their hearts were filled with grief.  But there was one thing they could all agree on: To hell with being practical.  No one was about to put her out of her misery.  Just because.
They had checked out the surrounding area from the second floor.  No shufflers wove their way through the pastures or surrounding woods.  Even Zeus-make that Earl-and the other hangers, were noticeably unchatty.  And now, by the light of day, they could see that Catherine’s husband had not been hung by the neck, but by several cushioned loops of rope around his torso and arms.  He was also hung higher than the rest.  No passing shuffler would be able to feed on him.
Sam had given Catherine their cell phone numbers.  
Just in case.
She had nodded, smiled, and thanked him.
“I’ll watch over her,” she had said.  
Sam had told Catherine not to kill Jayden.  When the time was right, and if she still wanted to take the risk, he wanted Jayden to be set free.  She would starve to death locked away in the room.  At least if she was outside, she would have a chance to survive.  
Survive.
Sam knew how pathetic his thinking was.  Irrational and stupid.  Not to mention putting Catherine in danger.  But the old woman had insisted that she knew how to handle shufflers.  And who could argue with that?  All one had to do was take a look around.
Ryhs thought of something as they were about to walk out of the house for the last time.  He sat down at the little kitchen table with pen and paper.  
“Here,” he said, motioning Catherine to read it.  “Don’t lose this.  We all talked about it last night.  Logan thought winter might slow the shufflers down.  It might even stop or kill them.  We’ve decided to make our way up to the Apostle Islands.  See if we can take the ferry across to Madeline Island.”
Catherine frowned.  “I told you.  You could stay with me.”
“Too many bad memories,” Ryhs said.  “We have to start over.  I think an island would make a safe haven.  And Madeline Island is large enough to farm.”
She picked up the piece of paper.  It showed the route the group would take.  She placed a red coffee mug on top as a paperweight and centered it on the table.
“I won’t lose it.  I promise.  And if I ever feel the urge to start over, it’ll be with you.  But I’m thinking that I’ll just hold you back.  I’m in good shape now, but what about next year or the year after?  No, my place is here.”
She followed them out the back door, through the porch filled with wood, and to their vehicles.  
“Do you have a good vehicle?” Henry asked.  “Just in case.”
She smiled and nodded.  
Everyone gathered around her, said their goodbyes, and gave hugs.  She walked beside them as they slowly drove to the front of the house. 
“Be safe,” she said.  
Her eyes met Ryhs’s.  He looked lonely and forlorn sitting in back of Henry and Em’s Explorer.  She nodded at him with what she hoped was encouragement.  He nodded back.
She watched as they drove down the driveway.  Gravel compressed beneath the tires, sounding unnaturally loud in the morning air.  When they reached the road, they turned right, beeped their horns, and were out of sight.  
It was a cold morning, and her hanging shufflers were feeling the effect.  No jitterbug today.  Maybe just a slow dance.  And maybe later on in the day if it warmed up, they would decide to chat a little more.  Let her in on some of their secrets.  
After all, only shufflers understand the language of the whisperers. 


The End

Thank you for reading the first book in my series.  If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?
Visit my Smashwords author page at http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/JackieMason
Follow me on Twitter at https://twitter.com/JackieMason1111
Look for the next book in this series, The Time Keeper’s Dance, in October, 2014.  Please see below to read the first chapter!

Thanks, Jackie Mason
The Time Keeper’s Dance

Chapter 1

Catherine Francis sat on her back porch steps.  They were made of wood which helped soak up the warmth of the weak autumn sun.  A stiff cold breeze buffeted her from the northeast, and dark leaden clouds scudded and gathered close to the earth.  She imagined that if she reached far enough, she just might be able to touch one.  But that was ridiculous, she knew.  It was just a thought to keep her mind off the trouble that brewed inside the house.
She drew her thick coat closer and her arms tighter across her middle.  She was in a quandary of what to do.  She had promised Sam one thing but she was not sure it was the right thing for her.  And Earl was absolutely no help at all.  He hung suspended from a sturdy oak branch a few yards away, and once in a while he deigned to comment.  But it was never anything she could understand.  He had passed over to the undead over two months ago, and life had never been the same.  
She watched Earl sway in the wind.  She was frustrated and impatient with his lack of communication.  True, he was a shuffler.  And also true, he had never been one to talk a lot when he was alive.  But that was still no excuse to let her down now.  Not when she needed him so badly.  After all, she had made sure the rope was padded and as comfortable as could be under the circumstances.  And it was she who made sure he ate.  Raw chicken.  Just the way he liked it.
Her eyes searched the property.  First, everything nearby.  Back and forth.  Back and forth.  And then she searched the middle ground that consisted of the outbuildings.  The chicken coup (which was now becoming dangerously depleted of hens and roosters), the woodsheds, and the section she used to park the car.  Finally she searched the dense line of trees and brush that marked the beginning of the government land.  What used to belong to the government.  At least the apocalypse had one redeeming quality.
She thought about her chickens again.  At last count, there were only nine left.  Between her dwindling poultry supple and the almost nil wildlife she was able to live trap, there would soon be nothing left for Earl to eat.  And not once had she seen a deer.  They had once been plentiful.  Enough to make her curse like a sailor when they raided her garden.  But no more.  They had disappeared with the rest of the animals when It happened.  But slowly, oh so slowly, she had begun to spot little animals.  A chipmunk one day.  A squirrel a week later.  And there were even songbirds.  But those were a rarity.
The girl had to go.  It was as simple as that.  She was another mouth to feed in a time of approaching famine.  Catherine had long since neglected to feed the other hangers.  Not that she had any sympathy for them.  They could rot for all she cared.  And rot, they did.  Good Lord, they emitted the foulest odor.  But still they had their place.  They still warned of the walking shufflers, though those were far and few between.
She brushed a strand of white hair from her eyes, and just as quick as that, she decided.  There was nothing else she could do.  Besides, the girl had recently become less and less active.  And Catherine was quite sure she heard the sound of a live chicken coming from the locked room.  If that were so, maybe the girl was dying.  Really dying.  Like a dead thing was supposed to do.  Well, if nothing else, she would be easier to control when she took her outside.  
She stood and rubbed her sore back.  She was in good shape for being eighty-two but that didn’t mean the effects of old age escaped her completely.  Now that she had decided to let the girl go, she would have to close up the chute she had used to slide chickens into the bedroom with.  It was just a piece of chimney pipe fitted into the outer wall.  But it rubbed her the wrong way.  She took care of her property.
After another glance around, she picked up the makeshift tool she used when capturing shufflers.  It was just a rake with a sturdy wooden handle and a stiff loop of rope at the end.  Most of the time, all she had to do was lasso the shuffler, pull or tip them to the ground, and then play out the length of connected rope as she kicked them to roll along the ground, wrapping them up as they turned.   Sometimes she had to go to more extreme measures.  That was why she carried a machete.  But that was gruesome work, indeed.  Something she avoided if she could.  Then it was just a matter of hitching them up to a tree limb where they would earn their keep.
Two weeks had passed since Sam, Ryhs, and the others had left.  They had only been here one night and part of two days.  Their arrival had signaled a time of change for Catherine.  She had just learned to adjust to the new world.  She had learned how to manage the dead things-at least as much as you could manage something like them.  And then the herd of shufflers came.  They were attacked.  And they lost one of their own.  Overnight, her life had become chaotic.  But she missed them terribly.  So bad it hurt.  In the short time they were here, they had become family.  
She regretted not leaving with them.  But the pull of her old life had been too great, her memories too strong.  The group had changed something within her.  They reminded her of how nice it was to care for someone who actually appreciated it.  Every night she locked herself in the kitchen and dining area.  She tried to ignore the noise from inside the bedroom down the hall.  Tried to pretend the girl was not there.  But as anyone with a bad houseguest can tell you, there is nothing more uncomfortable than feeling like an unwanted guest in your own home.  
She climbed the steps into the back porch.  It was filled with wood for the coming winter.  Much more was in the woodsheds out back.  When she entered the kitchen and dining area, a momentary calm engulfed her.  She walked to the small kitchen table and sat down.  And for the hundredth time-at least-she moved the red cup and picked up the piece of paper beneath it.  Held it and looked off into a faraway place in her mind.  The paper had the directions of where the group said they would travel on their way to the Apostle Islands in upper Wisconsin.  Ryhs had written them down just before they left.  She hoped they were there now.  But even more, she hoped they were safe wherever they were.   
She looked around the large room.  All the memories throughout the years.  Back when Earl was alive.  And before that, when they had a family to raise.  She focused on the large fireplace.  An inviting fire beckoned her with its warmth and cheerful crackling sounds.  But there was no one to share it with.
She looked down at the paper in her hands.  She did not see what was written upon it.  All this time since It happened, she had tried so hard to be strong.  She believed that Earl would have wanted that.  He was a good and faithful man.  A husband who had treated her with kindness, patience, and respect.  Not everyone was blessed to have a mate like that.  
Her face scrunched up in an attempt to retain some measure of composure but she was beyond that point.  Not once had she cried over Earl.  She had been too scared for that.  Too afraid she would lose him forever.  And so she had wrapped him in padded rope, hefted him high in a strong oak tree lest the walking shufflers happened upon him, and pretended-tried to pretend and almost succeeded in deluding herself-that in some way he still lived.  But she knew better than that.  Hope for a cure was a fantasy.  She had to accept the way things really were.
So it came down to living or dying.  
It was just that simple.
Depression was an insidious thing.  It could squirm its way into a body without the person even knowing it was there.  The mind starts to darken.  Outlooks become a little more cynical.  And before they know it, all hope is gone.  What’s the use?  Why even bother?  No one cares.  No one ever did.  And so the faithless and hopeless turn to other measures.  Dark and evil means they would never have entertained had they kept the light within them.  They release the silver gossamer strand that keeps them connected to the true One that is all.  Release it like a child who releases a balloon out of ignorance of what comes next.  The gift of life is forfeited.  Paid for with a terrible price.  
Catherine looked in the direction she would see Earl if the windows had not been boarded up.  The hard truth that she would never have him back again slapped her in the face like a splash of cold water.  The crazy thing she had done to try to preserve him mocked her with its insanity.  Yet at the same time, a part of her knew she had not really released the silver thread.  It was still there, faithful in its knowledge that she would always be one with it.  She just hadn’t known it yet.  In the end, it had never been up to her to relinquish the thread or retain it.  It had never been an option.  She would always be one with the One.  Earl was one with the One.  Even though she could no longer see his spirit, she suddenly and assuredly felt it.  Felt him.  His love.  His kindness, patience, and respect.  He was still there.  She just could not see him.
Catherine smiled for the first time in a long time.  She felt hope, and a new resolve filled her being.  She would go to her new family.  No matter how hard it would be, and she had no delusions about that, she would do her best.  She would go where she felt needed.  Where she could contribute to the well-being of the ones she had suddenly come to love.
But first things first.  She would honor Sam’s request.  And she would also release Earl.  In a poetic gesture, she would have them both roam the land together.  She knew they would never be like her but it didn’t matter.  She could not bring herself to end the walking thing Earl had become.  She understood now what Sam had felt.  And yet, the hypocrisy of that decision did not escape her.  The bodies of Earl and the girl were no different than those that hung in her trees or walked upon the land.  But she could make the distinction on a purely survival level.  It was what allowed her to destroy a shuffler as it tried to eat her.  Survival of the fittest did not mean the fittest of mind or character.  It meant one had to lose if the other was to survive.  And she meant to survive.
She put on the leather tool belt she had fashioned to carry weapons and other items of survival.  She had a 9mm handgun, a can of pepper spray, a flashlight, compass, and whistle.  The old Rambler and connected utility trailer was full of food, water, and supplies.  Lots of ammo, extra clothes, and gasoline.  Anything she thought she might need.  She had done that shortly after hanging Earl up.  For a short time, she thought they would be able to leave together.  After he came back to her.  But of course, that never happened.
She walked back outside, searched to make sure no other shufflers were nearby, and then drove the car and trailer beside the house.  She wanted it to be close so she could run to it for safety.  No delusions of a happy reunion clouded her thinking.  When she released Earl and cut his ropes free, she knew the first thing he would do.  The trick was going to be making sure the girl and he were both freed without either getting close enough to attack her. 
Well, no time like the present.
Catherine took one last look around the property and home she had loved for so long.  And then she went inside, unlocked the door to the hall, and approached the fortified door.  She listened for a moment before pulling the plywood and boards off.  
Nothing.  
No wait!  What was that?
Something skittered across the floor in there.  Little funny scratchy noises.  And then a sound she would know anywhere.  The sound a hen makes when she feels safe and comforted.  She heard clucking!   
And then another sound she knew equally well.  A sigh.  But it did not come from the hen.  
Catherine had never heard a shuffler sigh.  The only thing she ever heard from them were garbled growls.  Wet, smacking, hissing sounds.
She was at a loss of what to do.  She did not feel confident.  Something did not feel right, yet it did not feel entirely dangerous, either.  She glanced at her rake with the noose on the end, the connecting rope.  
She turned up the lantern to brighten the area even more.  It was dark in the hall because all of the windows had been boarded up.  And her skin was starting to itch like crazy.  It was in response to the confusion her mind was feeling.  
She heard something else.  This time it was like the muffled sound of someone moving the covers in bed.  
The unknowing was suddenly driving her crazy.  She had to know.  One way or the other.  It was clear the girl was not dead.  But neither was the chicken.  The damn chicken should have been dead at least three days ago.  She had placed the girl on a strict diet.  The skinny ones were easier to hoist up a tree.  Or control, in case she decided to do what Sam had asked her to do. What she had promised Sam she would do.  And now that she had decided to let her go, she was not so sure what she was going to let go.
Catherine made up her mind again.  She picked up the claw-tooth hammer and started pulling plywood boards and two-by-fours away from the door and framing.  The nails were stubborn but gave up their hold with a loud Screech!!!      
Before she knew it, there was only one piece of plywood nailed against the door.  She paused to listen.  
The hen was frightened.  Catherine could hear her wings flapping, her squawks of alarm.  But nothing else.  Maybe she had imagined the sound of clothing or bedding being moved.  Maybe it had just been the hen’s feathers brushing up against something.  But she really did not believe that.  That was not what had made her skin crawl.  
It was now or never.  It wasn’t getting any earlier, and she wanted to get a good start while it was still light out.   Before she changed her mind.  She pulled the last piece of plywood from the door frame.
Catherine readied her flashlight.  It was the type that had a long heavy shaft.  It gave off a bright light, and it could also be used as a weapon.
Slowly, she turned the door knob.  She released a pent-up breath and inhaled again before she applied pressure against the door.  It moved inward with a soft squeal of unoiled hinges.  Catherine shined her light through the three-inch crack.  
Nothing.
She opened the door wider, and the chicken ran out, flapping its wings in alarm.  
Catherine almost dropped the flashlight.  The light beam flipped up to the ceiling before she was able to steady it through the door opening.  And then she froze in shock, her mouth agape.
The girl was sitting on the floor, just on the other side of the door.  Her hands covered her face as she looked away.  But she made no sound.  No shuffler sounds, either.

Catherine realized the light must be blinding her.  She lowered the flashlight from the girl’s face.  It was trained instead on her body.  Just in case she made any sudden moves.  
She was unsure of what to do next.  This had never happened before.  Either you were an attacking shuffler or you were a dead shuffler.  Nothing in between.  And then the girl moved.  She lowered one hand and turned to face Catherine, the other hand’s fingers splayed across her eyes as she looked up. 
Catherine’s heart skipped a beat as their eyes met.  There was recognition in those brown eyes.  Intelligence.
“Jayden?” Catherine whispered.
The girl’s voice came out raspy and dry.  “Catherine.  Help me.”   

