.
Acknowledgements

I would like to thank you, the reader.  Yes you, the one holding the book, spending your valuable time with Earth Unraveled.  There are a number of books out there, yet you’ve got this one in your hand.  No matter how it got there, it is a huge responsibility for the writer to use your time well.  I’ll try not to let you down.  
Consider the number of hours it takes to read a book, then multiply that by about three hundred.  That’s how long it takes to write one – for me anyway.  The time is spent tweaking the story so the characters appear real, the plot is solid and the tension mounts until the story winds up with a bang.  It’s a sustained effort that is, well, difficult to sustain.  Sometimes it requires help.  Here are some well deserved thanks to the folks who helped keep it going.
A wonderful woman named Karen gave me encouragement that kept me working when I might have quit.  She has been encouraging me for twenty two years.  Thanks, Hon.
I would also like to thank my good friend Alan Dziejma.  Our many discussions on the writing process helped to light the way.  His cover design is icing on the cake.
Phil Oletsky and Janice Schad deserve much thanks for reading through and commenting on the entire manuscript, a painstaking task that made all the difference.
I can’t forget the folks from numerous writing groups who gave insightful comments on the early portions of the book.  It helped to kick the story into gear.  A big thanks to all of you.
Last of all I would like to thank Joe Sullivan for his inspiration.  Good teachers keep the world moving forward.
 

.
For Lois Hunter
Thanks for all you did
 



Earth Unraveled
by Rath Dalton
Copyright 2014 Rath Dalton
Smashwords Edition


All rights reserved.  No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording or other electronic or mechanical methods without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical review and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.

Publisher’s Note:  This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents are a product of the author’s imagination.  Locales and public names are sometimes used for artistic purposes.  Any resemblance to actual people, living or dead or to businesses, companies, events institutions or locales is purely coincidental.


Table of Contents

Acknowledgements
Dedication
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 9
Chapter 18
Chapter 27
Chapter 36
Epilogue
A Note From The Author
About The Author
Author Interview

Prologue

The woman was in the water, her limp body swept forward by the river.  A man ran along the embankment, straining to keep sight of her in the fading light.  Her hair billowed like seaweed as she sank beneath the surface.   
He leaped.  The river slapped his face as he plunged deep, water ramming up his nostrils, his body sinking at first, then rising as he stroked upward.  He broke into the open air, choking on water that streamed down his face.  The woman was nowhere in sight.  He cast about searching, seconds ticking away the odds of her survival.  She was there, the dim light revealing her in the eddies.  His fingers caught her hair and he wrenched her head up.  He pulled her close.  There was warmth in her body.  There was still time.
They were in a stretch of the river bounded by stone walls, no way out, but the man knew of a place ahead.  They were swept toward it.  It appeared as a dark arch against grey stone and he swam hard, pulling her, crossing the current toward it.  The river tugged at them but he kicked into the tunnel to calmer water.
His gasps echoed in the dank space.  Light from the entrance showed a stone jetty sloping up out of the water.  The man swam to it, holding her head above the water, stroking with his free arm, the last swing scratching across stone, peeling back nails.
Their clothes were heavy as he dragged her onto land.  Her breathing was shallow but she was alive.  Her eyelids fluttered open.
“It’s all right now,” he whispered.
She tried to speak, but coughed instead.
“It’s me.  You fell in the river.”  A half-lie.  “You’re safe.”
His hand found hers and he squeezed.  The woman was too weak to give a real squeeze back, but he felt her fingers move.
“I have something for you.”  He reached back and pulled it from his belt.  Somehow, it was still there after his struggle in the river.  It reflected grey and metallic in the dim light as he held it high.  The woman saw it and her eyes filled with confusion.  He clamped his hand down on her throat, squeezing off her air, pinning her.  The woman’s hands flew to his, struggling feebly, her legs trying to kick.  He saw the fear in her eyes.
“It’s the only way,” he whispered, “I’m sorry,”  and he plunged the dagger into her heart.  The woman’s eyes bulged and her mouth opened in a moment of shock, shock that her life was ended by a man that she trusted, even loved.  Then, as her life faded it hit - energy ran up the shaft of the knife with a sound like a jet of wind, searing his hand.  He rode the pain like a roller coaster, enduring it rather than letting go because he knew that her life would open the door.  

Fate
up against your will
Through the thick and thin
He will wait until
You give your soul to him.
-  The Killing Moon

If man is five
Then the devil is six.
- The Pixies
1

The counter top was too high and the edge dug into his ribcage.  His back ached from the awkward position, but the clean dish pile was getting bigger and the dirty one was shrinking.  Solero Costas pulled his hand out of the sink, shook off the soap suds and rolled his wheelchair back.  He worked his arm and shoulder around to get the kinks out.  There were five clean dishes on the counter.  Five less dishes for Lyn to wash.  His niece had plenty to do without adding her crippled uncle’s dishes to the burden.  He was surprised at how proud he was over the accomplishment.  A year ago he could have done a sink-full and then gone out to split cordwood, but that had been a year ago.  Now he was a taker.
That was one revelation the wheelchair had provided, one of many.  You are either a giver or a taker.  Givers don’t know how annoying they are.  They don’t know their own secret language.  When they ask ‘can I give you a hand?’ it means ‘you are a burden on society and I am not.  Let me prove it by opening this door for you.’  It was always something helpful like opening a door or reaching up high at the grocery store and it made him angry.  It shouldn’t, but it did.  He wanted to shout at them for it.  Who were they to judge him?  But he always held back.  He kept it inside, partly because they were trying to be nice, but partly because they were right; he was a burden.  Sometimes he did need help.  Sometimes he had trouble getting through the door or reaching the high shelf.  Doing these dishes was one small way he could tip the scale back.  He could still be a giver in this world.  Better to be a giver in a wheelchair than a taker on two legs.
Something at the window caught his eye and he turned his chair.  There were footsteps outside.  He rolled his chair to the screen door and looked out.  Yes, it was that deadbeat.  The tenant was walking around the corner of the house.  Costas pushed the screen door open and shouted to him.
“When are you going to pay the rent?”
The man stopped when he heard Costas.  “Oh Christ, it’s you,” he said.  He threw his cigarette to the ground, as though in response to the question and ground it under his toe.  There was a six pack in his other hand and he pulled a beer from it.
“Well?  When are you going to pay?” Costas barked again.  “You’re two months late.  I don’t know any landlord that would carry you this long.”
“I’ve been busy.” The man twisted the cap from the bottle with his teeth and spit it onto the walk near the cigarette butt.
“Busy my ass, you don’t have a job.  I never see you go to work in the morning.  It’s no surprise you don’t have the money.”
“I told you when I moved in, I’m self employed.  I make my own hours.”  He turned and started to walk away.  Costas called after him.
“If you don’t pay today, you’ll be evicted by the end of the week.”
“Evict this,” the tenant said, raising his six pack hand along with his middle finger.  He continued on up the outside stairway.
“I mean it,” Costas yelled.  He heard the man say something about an asshole.  Costas let the screen door slam shut.  That went well.  The guy would pay his rent now for sure.
Costas wondered why he had even taken the guy in.  Yes, it was all about giving.  Everyone looks like a victim when you see them from a wheelchair.  The guy came to his door with a story; new in town from Maine, getting his business set up.  He never would have let the guy in before the accident, before his legs were ruined.  But three months ago, when the man came knocking on his door, Costas had been at a low point.  He missed Helena, he was feeling sorry for himself, useless legs, all alone.  He had to help someone in order to feel good about himself – weakness.  Now he felt like an idiot.  Maybe his tenant had problems, but Costas didn’t want them spilling over into his own life.  That’s a great way to get pulled down.
He thought about his low point back then and wondered if he had come very far out of it.  It didn’t seem so.  He rolled his wheelchair to the far wall and looked at a picture of his late wife.  There was dust on it.  Helena had dusted every week.  He took the picture down and wiped it with his hands.  He meant to put it right back up, but found himself peering at it instead.  He couldn’t shake the feeling that she might walk in from the next room any minute and start bustling about, cooking and cleaning, keeping the house ready for company.  She had loved having company over; one thing he never did well with.  He wished he had been better at it for her, but she loved him anyway.  Sadness welled up.  He fought it back and hung the picture on the wall.  The last thing he needed was to fall to pieces.  Sadness was like water sucking down a drain - once you got close to the whirlpool, you spiraled in.  He didn’t need to be wallowing in self pity when the new tenant showed up.
Costas looked at the clock on the wall.  The guy was late.  That was a good way to make an impression.  A guy who showed up late would probably pay late just like the deadbeat tenant he had now.  Costas glanced back at the picture and then rolled away from it.
He and Helena had been happy together.  Living with her was like curling up in a warm blanket.  Saturday morning was French toast and bacon and then a trip to the bank.  Sometimes it was pancakes and eggs, but on that morning, it had been French toast.  And they always went to the bank.  They could have used an ATM and done their banking anytime, but they liked getting out with people.  Sometimes they ran into friends.  That morning Sol Costas had started the cooking, but Helena shooed him away to his newspaper.  She hardly touched her own food and when he asked why, she said she wasn’t feeling well.
“You should have let me cook,”  Sol told her.  
“No, no - I feel better when I move around a bit.”
“Do you feel any better now?”
“Better than I did,”  she said, nibbling on a piece of toast.  Sol didn’t believe her.
“Why don’t you stay home and rest, while I go to the bank?”
“I’ll be fine.  I didn’t get a good night’s sleep, that’s all.”  She insisted on driving.  She usually drove on Saturday mornings and Sol didn’t stop her that morning.  It was the biggest mistake of his life.
He remembered the accident, or the stroke – whichever you wanted to call it.  It was both.  They had been driving back from the bank, coming up to an intersection, when Solero realized something was wrong.  Helena wasn’t slowing down for the light.  He glanced over and saw the look on her face; eyes wide, head tilted back, staring up at the sun visor, only she wasn’t seeing it, she was looking a thousand miles beyond.  Her mouth was open as if to exclaim ‘oh!’.
“Helena – what’s wrong?” he yelled, reaching for her and the wheel at the same time.  He knew at a glance that her mind was far away as they rolled into the intersection.
He jerked the wheel, as if it would do some good.  It didn’t.  The truck slammed into the side of their car, rolling it over several times before Sol blacked out.  When he came to, his body was pinned by twisted metal, Helena’s limp body pressed against him.  Even in his disoriented state, he knew she was gone.  Her ribcage, he was told later, had been crushed by the impact.  The stroke had started it, the accident finished it.  Now, at the age of eighty one, he was not only alone, but he had to learn how to take care of his crippled body.
2

Tom Brooks braked and shifted his Celica to neutral.  Traffic was backed up onto the bridge and his car was stopped close to the middle of the span.  He unclenched his hand from the wheel, forcing himself to relax back in his seat.  Only a few weeks ago he’d had the power to move this traffic out with a few barked orders.  Paradise lost.  Now he was just another civilian.
The steel deck of the bridge vibrated and swayed under him as cars rolled by in the other direction.  It gave him an ungrounded feeling.  He looked out the window.  The bridge deck was built of steel mesh, unpaved, and he could see down through it to the river rapids below.  Kayakers paddled, negotiating a course between gates.  One of the kayakers slid into white water and the boat flipped.  The craft was swept downstream with the paddler underneath.  Tom imagined what it was like for him in the dark, upside down, relying on his own skill and a fistful of luck.   Maybe God was in the equation too.  Sometimes God let things slide on you, though.  What he threw into the mix was strange.  His own situation proved that.
Tom relived the attack that put him here the way he had relived it a hundred times.  He remembered the sound of bullets pinging off the steel body of his overturned Humvee.  He remembered the screaming from the back of the vehicle as it became a ball of flame.  Gabir, the interpreter, thrashed as he burned.
Tavreau shouted in near hysteria from the driver’s seat, “I-E-D, fucking son of a whore,” as he fumbled at his safety restraint.  Bullets slammed into the frag resistant windshield, one, two, three.  The third punched through and a red patch appeared on Tavreau’s chest causing him to stop screaming and start burping up blood.
The heat from the burning fuel at the back of the Humvee baked Tom’s skin right through his uniform.  He released his own safety restraint and fell to the ceiling, his uniform smoking.  He knew the front seat would be in flames in moments.  Tom unsnapped Tavreau’s harness, letting him tumble down, still puking blood but alive.  The frame of the Humvee was twisted from the explosion and the door was jammed.  Tom heard firing and shouting coming from several points.  He hoped to God it was his men firing back at the enemy.  Tom kicked at the shattered windshield, crunching it outward, clearing a hole.  He crawled through pulling Tavreau with him just as the passenger seat burst into flame.  He expected a bullet to catch him at any moment and several did whine off  the pavement near him.
The sound of gunfire continued as Tom unslung his M-16 and tried to get his bearings.  There were three other vehicles behind his in the convoy, none damaged by the IED.  He grabbed Taveraeu and dragged him up the line, his rifle in his free hand, swinging it left to right, searching for the sniper.  He spotted a bearded figure with a rifle on the roof of a building and fired wildly as he moved.  There was little chance of hitting him, one-armed as he was but the assailant ducked just the same.  Tom drew even with the next Hummer in line.
“Get him in the truck,” he screamed, letting go of the man, in favor of his rifle.  The Haji was back up, drawing a bead on them.  Tom fired a burst.  Again he missed – too much adrenaline, but this time the Haji did not duck.  He fired off a round striking Tom in the chest.  The blow hit him like a shot-put, knocking him off balance, slamming his head against the side of the Hummer as he went down.  He rolled on the ground in a daze, his mind screaming at him to get up, that the sniper was sighting in on him right now, setting up for the final shot, but the world had folded in on itself.  There was no up or down.  Tom pushed off something, maybe the ground, his head spinning, his lungs locked, unable to draw breath.  A metronome ticked in his head as he pictured each step of the sniper’s progress; chamber the bullet, ram the bolt home, lock it down, raise the rifle, aim at the American, squeeze . . . and there was the sound of a gunshot but it was his men firing first.  Instead of a bullet, he felt strong hands grasp him and pull him into the vehicle.  The engine roared and they surged backward.
“Where you hit, Commander?” a voice shouted.  “Where you hit?” Hands pawed him over, searching for a wound.
Tom pushed them away.  “M’ okay.”
“How many fingers?” the voice asked.  A hand waved in his face.  “What do you see?  What do you see?”
“Your mother’s ass.”
There was laughter.  “I think he’s okay.”
Tom rubbed his face.  “Did you get Tavreau?”
“In the next truck – sucking wound.  If he makes it, we’ll only have one casualty – Gabir.”
Gabir.  Tom remembered the Iraqi interpreter screaming as he burned in the back of the humvee.
“Shit,” Tom said, “The guy wasn’t even supposed to be here.  He stood in for Rahim.”
“That’s four times Rahim missed it.  He’s the luckiest man alive.”
“He is,” Tom said, wondering.  Four times.  Tom’s mind was pulled back to the present by the sounds of traffic.

* * *

The kayaker still floated upside down in the river.  Tom had lost track of time.  He shifted the Celica’s transmission to park and leaned out the window for a better look.  No one seemed to be noticing the trouble.  The other boaters paddled around in the river and the drivers on the bridge waited for the light.  Tom could almost feel the agony of the man trapped below the water, struggling, his last breath ready to burst from his lungs.  A cloud passed in front of the sun and the world grew a shade darker.  Tom stepped out of his car
“Hey,” Tom yelled down at the boaters.  They were thirty feet below.  “Hey, there’s a guy down there.”  The rushing water and the idling cars smothered his words.  He turned, searched inside his car, found an ice scraper from the past winter and chucked it down over the railing.
It hurtled toward the kayaks and by some miracle, bounced off the hull of a boat.  The occupant looked up.  “Hey,” Tom shouted, pointing at the overturned kayak, “he needs help.”
At that moment the troubled kayaker popped upright, puffing and drenched.  The boater he had shouted at aimed his middle finger at Tom.  A car horn honked.  The light was green and the cars in front of his moved out.  He jumped back into the Celica and fumbled with the shift as more horns honked.
“Keep your pants on,” Tom said under his breath.  His car jerked forward and he threw a last glance downward.  The boater was paddling his kayak into a dark archway at the bank of the river.  Tom wondered what was in there.  He could almost smell the dankness of the tunnel as he stepped hard on the accelerator to catch up with the tail end of cars moving away through the traffic light.
3

Tom parked his car in front of the building and snapped off the radio in the middle of a report on burglaries.  He was a young man, twenty, brown hair, green eyes, intelligent face.  His arms and chest were toned from his weight lifting on the army base.
Tom leaned forward to get a better look at the place where he was going to live and he peered up to see a Victorian style home.  It was located in a once affluent neighborhood that had fallen to middle class.  There were scraggy lawns and kids toys in the yards around it.  It’s own lawn was getting long.  The building itself rose up to sharp angled peaks giving the impression it was stretching to point at the sky.  The balconies were inset rather than protruding.  At one corner of the building was a turret with a cone roof.  
Tom had promised to be here at five thirty and it was almost six.  The rental had been arranged entirely through email.  He knew most landlords wouldn’t work that way but this one had seemed welcoming.  A few doors opened easier for veterans.
He got out of his car and hurried toward the building, telling himself that thirty minutes late was passable considering he had come all the way from Iraq.  As he moved, he appeared taller than his five foot ten height, partly due to his easy gate and partly due to his build.  What happened next was something his mind returned to many times in the following weeks.  One moment his car keys were wrapped in his fist, the next moment they were falling.  They disappeared into a patch of greenery.  Annoyed at himself and at the delay, Tom brushed the weeds aside to get a better look.  Pain stung his hand with blinding agony and he jerked it back.  A welt wound its way across his palm.
 “You might piss on that,” came a voice from above.
Tom looked up to see who it was, wondering if he had heard right.  Something about pissing?  A man stood on a balcony holding a beer. 
“Your hand,” called the man, “hurts a little?”
“Stung by a bee or something.
“Probably those nettles,” the man said, motioning with his bottle.  “Those frilly green things you were reaching into.  Bastards will sting you like a jellyfish.  Only cure for a jelly sting is to piss on it.  I always thought it would work the same for a nettle sting, but I never tried it.  It’s your call.”  The stranger hawked a lunger off the balcony.  The string of phlegm spun like a bola as it sailed outward and down to the lawn.

* * *

Tom rang the bell at the front of the building.  The throbbing in his hand had subsided enough so he could think.  It looked as though a red hot worm had slithered through his fist.  He dropped his hand to his side and tried to ignore the pain while he waited.
The door of the building opened about a hands-width before thumping into something on the inside.  Tom watched it bang a several more times while someone inside grumbled and wrestled, then it finally swung inward to reveal a man in a wheelchair.  He appeared to be in his eighties with a stocky body and close cropped hair.
“Tom Brooks?”  The man asked.
“Yes”
“You’re late.”  His words were gruff but he held out his hand.  “Solero Costas.”
“I’m going to break convention and decline the handshake,” Tom said, holding up his hand.  “No offense.  This hurts a bit.”
Costas glanced at the hand.  “Heck of a burn there.  Seen worse, though.”  He turned his wheelchair around and headed up the hallway.  “Follow me,” he called, “and close the door behind you.”
Tom wasn’t used to taking orders from a civilian but he didn’t complain.  He shut the door and followed Solero Costas.  
“Welcome back to the United States,” Costas said, “and thanks for serving.  I know how dangerous it is over there.”  They entered a kitchen.  “Know it feels good to be thanked, too.”
Tom had mentioned his time in the army in one of his emails.
“It’s good to be back.”  Tom hoped it would be.  So far, he wasn’t certain.  “And thanks for renting to me over the internet.  Not a lot of landlords would do that.” 
 “True.  It’s a risk taking on someone with no tenant history and no job to speak of.”
“I was a unit commander in Iraq.  That’s got to count for something.”
“I’d say it does – mostly against you.  People will think you’ve got a screw loose after all that killing and dying.  I’d call them ignorant bastards except it’s not entirely wrong.  Some of my buddies came back all bollixed up in the head.  Their therapy was tipping a bottle and beating the kids.  Only the strong ones escaped - or the lucky ones.”
“Which one are you?” Tom asked.
“Lucky one.  World War Two – Omaha Beach.  Survived it with hardly a scratch.“  He patted the wheelchair.  “Earned this last year in peaceful downtown Manchester.”
An outside screen door bumped open and a young woman pushed her way through, arms wrapped around two overstuffed grocery bags, one with a tear in the side.  She had long, straw blond hair and she was tall, most of it in her legs.
“Help . . .,” she called.  A can squeezed its way through the tear and thumped on the floor.  Tom took the torn bag from her arms, favoring his injured hand as best he could.
“Got it,” he said, and set it on the kitchen table.  The woman slid the other bag in next to it.
“Thank you Mister . . . ”
“This is our new tenant,” Costas said, “Tom Brooks.  He just came back from Iraq.  This is my grand-niece, Lyn.”
Tom scooped up the stray can with his bad hand without thinking.  “Good to . . . “ the pain turned the rest into a grunt as he dropped the can and caught it with his good hand.  
 “Oh – that burn.  Lyn, honey,” Costas said, “he’s got a burned hand.  Could you get him some ointment for that?”  He turned to Tom.  “Lyn is in nursing school at Saint Anselm’s.  Should be able to fix that up.”
Costas’ grand niece took Tom’s hand and glanced at it.
“It’s not actually a burn . . .” Tom started to explain but she cut him off.
“You’d better come with me,” she said and turned to lead him down a hallway.  Tom gave a mental shrug.  Two weeks ago he would have barked a correction.  This was a new world.  The woman stopped at a bathroom and took some ointment from a medicine cabinet.  
“My uncle doesn’t have a lot of experience interviewing tenants,” she said.  “The last one he took on is pretty bad - doesn’t pay his rent.  My aunt did most of the interviewing before she passed away.”  She paused, her lips pressed tight.
“I’m sorry about your aunt.”
“Yes, so am I.”  Lyn dabbed some ointment onto her fingertips.  “You have a job?”  She asked, taking his hand.
 “I’m starting at Purview Products next week.  They have a veteran’s program.”  Lyn rubbed the ointment onto the welt.  Tom winced and pulled away but she drew his hand back.  “It’s going to hurt a little,” she said, “but the ointment will keep the air from the burn.  It will reduce the pain eventually.”
“It’s not a burn.”
“It’s not?” she said, exasperated.  “What is it?”
“The guy upstairs said it was - nettles.”
“Stinging nettles - you must have got into that patch out front.  Uncle Sol used to keep them cut back.  They can hurt pretty bad.”  She shook her head and continued.
“Listen, my uncle is going through a tough time right now.  He lost his wife less than a year ago in a car accident.  He used to keep busy repairing all his properties but now he’s got some need to take people in like lost puppies.  That’s how we ended up with that deadbeat upstairs.  I’d like to ask you to move on.  We can’t risk taking on a tenant with a precarious job.”
“It’s hardly precarious.  I was a unit commander . . .”  He was cut short by a stabbing pain as Lyn poked her thumb against the welt.  Tom jerked his hand away.  “Ow.  What the hell?”
“You’re not listening.  Walk away - please.  He doesn’t need the complications now.”
 “You have a warm way of making your point,” Tom said, stalking out of the bathroom.
“I wouldn’t rub that ointment off if I were you,” she called.  “It will only make it worse.”
Tom left the bathroom and walked up the hall.  He stepped back into the kitchen with a grimace on his face.
“Did Lyn take care of you?” Costas asked.
He threw a glance at the niece who had followed.
“She’ll make a hell of a nurse,” he said.
Lyn had a smirk on her face.  “Mister Brooks has a low threshold of pain for an army man.  He told me that he -“
“. . . appreciates the help you’ve given me and I hope we can swap war stories sometime.” 
The grand niece scowled.
“Well, that would be fine.  Why don’t you go up and get settled in.  I hope you can get along with the roommate.  Calls himself ‘Flick’.”
“I’m used to close quarters.  It shouldn’t be a problem.”
Tom left through the back screen door and went up the outside stairs to the second floor.  He rang the bell and waited.  There was no answer so he pushed the door open and stuck his head in.
“Hello?” he called.  Still no answer.  Tom stepped into the apartment and found himself at the end of a hallway, an open room to the right.  There was a tarp covering a huge lump in the middle of the room.  Tom thought someone might be getting ready to paint after covering the furniture.
“Anybody home?” he called.  Tom stepped into the room and lifted a corner of the tarp expecting to find a sofa and chairs.  Instead there was a pile of household valuables; TVs, speakers, a chainsaw, laptops, electric power tools, a box of watches.
The tarp was jerked from his hand.  A man stood over him gripping the corner.  It was the man from the balcony, earlier.  “Leave my shit alone,”  he said, seating the cloth back down over the pile.  “You always walk in to people’s homes?”
“Landlord sent me up.  You must be Flick.”
“What of it?”
“Didn’t Costas tell you about a roommate?”
“Yeah, he said something.  It’ll be a blast.  This is my stuff, your room is across the hall,” he pointed with his thumb.  “That’s all you need to look at.”  The man clamped his foot down on the corner of the tarp and crossed his arms.  Tom wondered what it would be like to put up with this guy every day.  He wondered how long it would be before he punched him.
 “I’ll look at the room across the hall then.”  Tom left and walked out.   His cell phone rang and he answered it.
“Tom, It’s Sol Costas.  We need to talk.  Can you come downstairs?”  Tom knew it had to be something inspired by Costas’ niece.  She must have had a talk with him, changed his mind.
“I’ll be right down,”  he said and hung up.
Flick watched as Tom walked out the back door, then he pulled the door to the tarp-room shut.

* * *

Costas was there, but the girl was gone.
“I talked with Lyn,” the old man said.
Here it comes, Tom thought.
“It seems she owes you an apology.”
Tom was taken by surprise.  “Oh?”
Costas pointed at Tom’s hand.  “How is it?” he asked.
 Tom held his hand up.  “So she told you.”  He flexed it.  “It’s not bad,” he lied.  “Imagine what she can do with water-boarding.”
Costas smiled and laughed a bit.  “She does have spunk.”
“So that’s what you call it.”
“It wasn’t nice but I love her for looking out for me.”
“She is doing that.  I suppose she talked you out of the rental deal.”  
“Hell no.  I just wanted you to know Lyn is on board with it now.”
Tom cocked his head.  “On board - how . . . ?”
Costas paused and rolled to the refrigerator.  He pulled out two cans of Coke and handed one to Tom.
“I need a wheel chair ramp built so I can get in and out of here on my own.”  Costas popped his can open and took a drink.  “My butt is glued to this chair now and the whole apartment needs adjustments.  It wasn’t built for a man in a wheelchair.  When I told Lyn how you’re an experienced carpenter and an all around fix-it man, that swayed her.  She thought you’d be a plus around here.”
Tom laughed.  “You told her what?”
“I lied.”  Costas shrugged.  “I can’t get a real carpenter to work for free, but I’ve got you over a barrel.”
“Except I’m no carpenter.
“Doesn’t matter.  I’ll teach you on your time off.  You seem like a smart guy.  You’ll pick it up.  What do you say?”
“I’d say you’re right, I am a smart guy,” Tom laughed, “but there’s still a problem,” he said, slowing down.
 “What’s that?”
“The roommate is an ‘A’ hole.  I don’t know if I can stand living with that guy.”
“I have to agree, he is an ‘A’ hole,” Costas said, “but he hasn’t paid his rent since he moved in and Lyn is going to file papers to evict him.  He should be gone soon.”
Tom took a drink from his Coke.  He felt bad for the guy but not that bad.  “I’ll have the place to myself?”
“If all goes well.”
“Same rent?  Not double?”
“Same rent.”
“It’s a deal,” he said.  He held out his un-injured hand and Costas shook it.
“There is one more stipulation,” Costas said.
“What’s that?”
“My niece works at Purview Products, same as you and she lives here on the third floor.  You’re a good looking kid, but I want you to stay away from her.  I don’t need my business getting twisted up with my personal life.”
“I don’t think that’s a problem,” Tom said, holding up his hand with the bright red welt on it.  “We didn’t seem to hit it off.”
Costas laughed.
4

Detective Tony Grippa pushed the papers back on his desk; too many papers, too many thoughts.  Sometimes it was better to sit and let the thoughts stew around.  Bigger ideas might come out of it.
 He pulled down the front folder, the one on the burglaries.  House breaks were usually the dullest, but there was something odd about these; they were occurring in alphabetical order based on the name of the owner.  Grippa had some ideas but he doubted three weeks would be enough to crack it.  Retirement was coming up like a brick wall.  His desk phone rang.
“Grippa.”
“Tony, it’s Rodge Simms.  I’ve got a surprise for you.  We pulled a body out of the river – looks like a homicide.”
The city ran about twenty murders per year and Tony was sometimes called in on the crime scene.  Protocol dictated that the most senior detective be on site in an advisory capacity, but it wasn’t all protocol.  Other detectives knew Tony was more interested in solving a crime than he was in grabbing the glory.  He was more likely to point out evidence as an assist, rather than steal the investigation.  But this one was odd.  Rodge just said the body came out of the river.  It was washed clean of evidence and it had floated God knows how far from where it was dumped.  There was nothing to advise on.
“You haven’t got much of a crime scene.  Just take pictures and call in the wagon.”
“I think you should take a look at this, Tony.”
“What’s so special?”
“Words won’t do it.  Besides, you wouldn’t want to retire without seeing this  one.  You can add it to your stories.”
Grippa’s curiosity was up.  Something was odd enough about this body that they wanted him there.
“I’ll be right down.”  Simms gave him the location.  Grippa hung up and grabbed his car keys.  A thought occurred to him; that this might be an excuse for a surprise retirement party.  It wasn’t inconceivable.  He hoped to God it wasn’t.  He would prefer a crime scene to a retirement party.

* * *

The body was lying in the reeds on a marshy bank of the river.  Grippa’s shoes squished into the earth and one of them filled with water.
“Thank God, I thought you guys were throwing a surprise party for me.”
“Yeah, this is it.  We’ve got your date right here,” Hanks answered.
Grippa knelt down next to the body.
“Some kayak boys found it and called it in.  They pulled it onto the bank here.  What do you think?”
The body only had one arm.  The skin on the face and remaining arm was shriveled and brown; almost black and all of the hair gone.  It was difficult to tell if the tatters clinging to the body were the remnants of clothing or skin in some stage of decay.
“The weirdest thing is the condition of the body,” Hanks said.  “A wet one like this should be pale and bloated.  This thing almost looks mummified.  I think it’s a woman,” He pointed.  “You can see one of the breasts there.”
Tony could indeed see what was left of a shriveled breast.  There were folds of skin plastered against a bony chest.  He noticed something else.
“That looks like a knife wound,” he said, pointing.
There was a slit near the breast and a bit of bone poked through.
“Didn’t see that.  You may be right.”
“The autopsy boys will tell us for sure.  Is the body as brittle as it looks?”
“You know it.”  Hanks pointed to a detached arm a few feet away.  “The kid said it broke off when he pulled the body out of the river.”
Grippa stepped over to the arm and pulled on rubber gloves.  He knelt down and squeezed part of the arm to get an idea of its texture.  Water squished out, as if from a sponge.
“This thing was dehydrated before it hit the water.  It’s water-logged now, but the tissue is too dried out to bloat.”
“So you’re a medical examiner all of a sudden.”
“No, but I’ve overdone enough turkeys in the deep fryer to know dehydrated meat when I see it.  That body has seen dry heat.”
“She was dunked in the deep fryer?”
“Maybe she was stored in a heating duct for a year, I don’t know.  The medical examiner will figure it out.”
 “I saw something like this on TV,” Simms said, “Spontaneous human combustion.  Usually leaves just a hand or a foot.”
Grippa shrugged.  “Could be – doesn’t look burned though.  Let’s call the meat wagon.  The quicker we get this in to the coroner the quicker we’ll have some answers.”
“Should we check for ID?” Simms asked.
“We’d only damage the body worse, poking around in that mess.  Let’s leave it for the coroner. Looks like you’ve got yourself a good one Rodge.  This is just the kind of thing I’ll miss.”
“Yeah, be careful what you wish for.  I talked to the chief before you got here, and you’re on it.  He wants us to team on this one.”
“Team with me?  What about Terry?” he asked, motioning towards Terry Hanks.
“I’ve got a full load,” Hanks replied.  “It might free up in a couple weeks, but you’re on it for now.”
“We’re together on it Grip,” said Simms.  “You and me.”
Grippa got a dose of the familiar excitement, but he pushed it back.  There was no use getting worked up about a case he would never see the end of.  A little more time before retirement wouldn’t hurt.  He wished he had it.
5

The molding machine operators at Purview Products were bathed in heat that billowed off the melters.  Sweat plastered their shirts to their backs.  Tom checked the scrap bin of partially molded boot soles.  It was part of his new job.  Some joker had tacked a sign on the bin; ‘Lost Souls’.  Tom periodically dumped them into the furnace and watched the flames lick up.  He wondered how they cleared that with the EPA.
A buzzer blatted the call to morning break.  There was a shift in the bustle as workers shouted ‘break’and flipped their heaters to standby.  Tom imagined it was a relief to get away from their blazing heat.  He walked to the cafeteria caught in the crowd of operators, most of them stopping to congregate around the coke machine for drinks to re-hydrate.  Tom wondered if it was possible to sweat Coca Cola.  He took a Styrofoam cup from a stack and lined up for coffee.  There was the scent of a familiar perfume and Tom recognized Lyn, his landlord’s niece, dressed in business casual.  A few of the other guys noticed her too.
“Practiced any first-aid today?” Tom asked.
Lyn turned.  “Oh – hi . . .”
“Tom.”
“Yes.”  There was an awkward silence before she finally said, “I want to apologize for the other day.”  
“Thank God.  I thought you were evil through and through.”
“Maybe half through.”  She smiled.  “I shouldn’t have done that.  I’m sorry.”
“You were protecting your Uncle, that’s not so bad.  Thanks for apologizing.”
“I hope your hand is alright now.”
He held it up.  “It’s better than it was.  It doesn’t hurt anymore.”
She looked at his hand.  “Oh, my God,” she said, “It’s still got red marks on it.”
“They might be fading.”
A man dripping with sweat stepped in between them.
“Hi, hon,” the newcomer said to Lyn.  Tom could feel heat rolling off him.
“Axel!”  Lyn smiled.
“Lean against me,”  he said, gripping her waist and pulling her close.  “You’re nice and cool.”
“Get away you sweaty thing,”  she pushed against his chest but smiled as she did it.  Her hand lingered.  It was one of the mold machine operators.  He wore a tank top and his hair hung in a pony tail.
“You like sweaty?” he asked.  “Feel this.”  He took her hand and placed it on his bicep.
“Oh, God, you are slimy.”  She feigned disgust, wiping her hand on his shirt.  Axel grinned.
“Come on,” he said, taking her by the hand, leading her toward a table.
“Bye, Tom,” Lyn called over her shoulder.
The stranger spoke without looking.  “Yeah, see ya Tommy.”  They walked away.  Axel leaned in and whispered something to her that made her laugh.
6

Tom dragged the carton of rubber pellets closer to the mold machine.  It was mid afternoon and the guys would need the new rubber in a few minutes; some of the hoppers were getting low.
“Hey, stock boy.”
Tom looked up.  It was the tank top guy who had cut in between him and Lyn.  The one with the pony tail.  Some of the other machine operators heard his call and snickered.
“Name’s Tom.”
“Yeah." The guy was smirking.  “How do you know Lyn?”
Tom paused a moment, sizing the guy up.  “We live in the same building,” he said.
“That right?” the man nodded.  “Just so you know, that honey is mine.  You can try for her when I’m done, but right now, she’s mine.”
“You think you own her?”
Axel paused at Tom’s tone.  The other guys watched.  “That’s  a matter of perspective,” he said.  “Right now she thinks she owns me.  I like it that way.”  Another smirk.
One of the machine operators spoke up, a guy named Travis.  “All the girls here wanna hump Ax.  It’s weird, it’s  like he’s got the holy grail of dicks.”
“Does she get on her knees when she sees the holy relic?” asked another.  Some of the guys laughed.
“You’ll never know, Father weenie,” replied Axel, feigning irritation.
 “How the heck does biker trash like you get those hot ones from the office?” Travis asked.
Axel reached over and lifted a neck tie off the wall where it was hanging from a nail.  “I use this.”  It was already knotted with a neck loop.  He slipped it over his head.  “I put this on and I am suddenly everything a woman wants – dangerous and respectable..”
A voice called from nearby.  “Hey, new kid.”  It was Vince, the boss, standing out in the aisle with an unlit cigar butt.  “Come with me, I’ve got something to show you.”
“Yeah, his dick,” someone said in a low voice.  There was laughter.
“I heard that.  I’ll be watching your numbers, Cody.  If they drop a hair below par, I’ll fire your ass.”  Vince looked around, satisfied he had shut them up.  “C’mon Brooks, let’s go.”
Tom parked his stock and followed Vince, who waved around his cigar butt as he spoke.
“We gotta get ready for the hot weather that’s coming.  I’ll show you what you need.  That rubber don’t harden up so good in the humidity.  Gets sticky and gums up the machine.  Sometimes the soles won’t even peel off the form.”  He led them to the stairs and they began to descend.  “The guys call it zoom.  It’s white stuff with some friggin chemical name I can’t remember - dimethyl whatever.  You mix it in with the rubber and it keeps it flowing.”  They continued climbing down the stairs.
“I’ve got one key and it’s your ass.  Remember that - it’s your ass.”
Tom wondered what that meant, as Vince puffed down the stairs.  “I’m giving the key to you ‘cause I can’t be bothered with coming down here or signing it in and out.  Tried that.  It’s easier to give it to one guy and fire him if he screws up.  That’s you.  This dimethyl zoom shit,” Vince continued, “ – those guys think it’s a drug.  Caught some of them snorting it up their noses one time - idiots.  You seem kind of straight so I figure you won’t do anything stupid.  But remember, it’s your ass.”
They wound down a hallway and another short set of stairs before stopping.  Vince unlocked an ancient door and pushed it inward.
“This is the sub-cellar.  They used it for access to the water works back when things were powered by hydro.  Water wheels and belts and shit.  Not much down here now.  The zoom likes it humid and we got plenty of that here.”
It did feel damp.  The dank air and the idea of the heavy beams above gave Tom a wave of claustrophobia.  Vince stepped into the darkness but Tom hesitated.  He heard Vince fumbling around, a sudden thump and a curse before the light finally clicked on.
“Damn it, I keep telling them to put in a wall switch.”  Vince stood in the middle of the room, his hand just dropping from a bead chain that led to a naked bulb high above.  The chain whirled like a cat’s tail from his last touch.  The room was filled with pallets stacked with dozens of bags.  They looked like fifty pounders.
“Place was built back in the eighteen hundreds to weave cotton,” Vince said,  “Lincoln visited this place once to see the miracle of modern manufacturing.  Can you believe it?  This is the zoom,” Vince said, slapping one of the bags.  “We got a ton of the shit ‘cause they make us buy a minimum quantity.  Bastards.  Stuff is expensive.”  He picked up a metal scoop and was stepping around the room, inspecting things, waving it like a conductor’s baton.
“Oh crap, look at that – come here.”  He waved Tom over.  “This stuff likes humidity, but over here it’s down in the slop.”  He pointed the scoop at a corner of the room where water had seeped in.
“We gotta get these bags back, or the stuff will get ruined.  I’ll send someone down to help you move them.  You wait here and don’t try to move them alone.  You get hurt and OSHA will bust my ass.  I’d help, but my back’s been killing me.”  He put the scoop down and disappeared out the door.
Tom looked around.  The walls of the room were built of granite slabs mortared together.  The floor was poured concrete, except in one spot that was floored over with wooden planks.  They were black and sticky, treated with some tar-like compound, Tom assumed to withstand the wet.  He looked at the bead chain, hanging from the light bulb still swinging, undulating in waves.  It moved in a hypnotizing pattern.
He inhaled the thick air.  It had a cloying, sweet, chemical smell from the zoom and he could see how some dope head would be tempted to snort it.  Now that Vince was gone, it was quiet and Tom thought he could hear running water.  He cocked his head and listened; yes it was water and Tom realized it must be the river, running below the floor.  The river that had been used for water power.  Above, there were shafts and gears on the ceiling, left from the old power system, and a fat leather drive belt tucked into the rafters.  They didn’t seem to go anywhere now, relics of a bygone age.
Tom looked at his watch and wondered if anyone would actually listen to Vince.  He pictured some guy getting Vince’s order to go downstairs to haul bags and then flipping him the finger when he turned his back. 
He looked over at the pile of bags.  They didn’t look that heavy.  Tom thought he could re-stack them in ten minutes and be out of here.  The quicker the better; this room was suffocating him.
7
 
Steel jaws slid out of the hot box and popped open, revealing freshly molded rubber soles.  Axel grabbed them with his gloved hands and yanked.  They peeled off cleanly.  The jaws snapped shut and slid back into the hot box.  Axel pulled a handle steadily, pumping new rubber into the mold.  It had to be done at just the right speed; if he pumped too hard it would over-fill and he would lose time.  The handle hit a stop and he cranked it back, ejecting a second mold box to be unloaded.
He was alone in the mold room now.  It was break time and all of the guys were downstairs drinking Coke and having some laughs.  He was pissed, mostly at himself.  There was a quota to make, not a company quota - his own quota.  Running the mold machine was piece work; the more you made, the more they paid.  There were two more soles baking in the hot box now.  The more you cooked, the more you booked.  
Axel had a social life to support.  He had always had a little cash above and beyond the bills in the past.  There was just enough money for beer at the end of the week if he cranked out the parts and made his quota, but he had been goofing around lately, like today, razzing the new guy.  The tie still swung from his neck.  He couldn’t help himself, the guys were fun to laugh with, only now he was behind and he had to work through break to catch up.  The trick was to hit a rhythm.  It had a certain feel and he hadn’t felt it today.  It would come.  He laid the hot soles crosswise in the finished bin.  They had to be laid just so, as they cooled.  If you screwed it up, the soles would warp and they’d be junk.  Some new guys had been fired for laying a whole box wrong and scrapping fifty pairs.
Axel turned and reached forward anticipating the machine.  The jaws popped open and a puff of smoke came out in perfect timing.  That was rhythm.  His tie swung forward as he grabbed the soles.  It hung motionless for a moment then swung back when he pulled the soles clear.  WFNX was tuned in on the radio and Henry Santoro’s voice rolled out, “Aaaaaand we’re back,” said Henry, returning from a commercial.  Axel listened and worked.  Yes, we are back, Henry, he thought, getting the rhythm.  That pair of soles was laid out and he reached for the next ones.
Axel thought about the new girl he was dating, Lyn; she was hot.  There was nothing like screwing the best looking girl in the room, eyes following him, burning with jealousy that he could smell.  He knew they wanted to be in his place - like that new guy today.  He wondered why Lyn had been talking to him.  Axel hadn’t asked because that was weak.  Now he burned with curiosity.  They had seemed to be enjoying it.  He hated it when some guy tried to horn in on his girl.  Go get your own piece of ass, asshole.  He tried to force the thoughts out of his head and concentrate on his work but his mind was pulled to that other woman at home.  Talk about sex triangles.  Axel frowned.  He could ignore that one.  She was six months pregnant with his kid, but it didn’t matter.  Jamila had shown him how to handle that;  Your life is your own, you are beholden to no one.  The karma reader, the life guide, her words had taken a burden off him.  With that, he was free to hump Lyn every which way to Sunday.  One session with Jamila had taken away the guilt.
Axel placed another pair of soles to cool, turned and reached for the next set.  He peeled them off, but they didn’t come clean; a chunk of rubber broke and fell.   It landed on a lip down in the machine.  Axel knew it was not a problem sitting there but if it slipped deeper it could jam the works and really screw up his rhythm.  He reached down to flick it away.   His tie swung out and the jaws snapped shut on it.  They retracted into the hot box, jerking Axel forward, cinching the slip knot tight around his neck, choking off his air passage.  His face was pulled within inches of the heater.  He stretched out his arm to hit the emergency stop button but before he could the machine jerked him forward once more.  He slammed both hands down to push back and keep his face from frying against the scorching metal.  
Something was going on inside the machine, a cam winding his tie, drawing him slowly toward the hot steel.  It gave out a squeak each time it jerked him forward.  He pushed back hoping the cloth would rip but it only grew tighter around his neck.  His pulse pounded in his brain.
Axel’s vision grayed and the room tilted.  He opened his mouth to call for help forgetting he had no voice.  He could feel the heat of the jaws radiating against his skin as they snapped each time the machine gave a tug.  In a moment they would sear his flesh and he wouldn’t even be able to scream.   Axel hoped he would pass out before the hot metal jaws pinched his face.
8

Tom walked over and picked up one of the bags.  It was heavy, but not too heavy.  He carried it over and dumped it on the dry pallet.  One down, eleven to go.  It would be a workout.
After five bags, sweat trickled down is forehead.  He shouldered another bag.  The chemical smell in the room was strong and heavy, the air thick in his throat.  Tom wondered if he should wait for whoever Vince was sending down after all – maybe wait until after break, but no - he was half done.  It would be another six minutes and he would be out of here.  He could make it.  As he walked the sixth bag over, his foot caught on a pallet and he stumbled, nearly dropping it.  Tom cursed at himself, all he needed was a busted bag, or worse - a busted ankle.
Each bag seemed heavier than the last.  He puffed for breath, sweat dripping off his nose and wondered how he could be so out of shape.  Tom suspected it had more to do with the chemical fumes in the room than his physical condition.  The seventh bag wouldn’t cooperate.  It shifted on his shoulder but he gave it some extra muscle to straighten it up.  The exertion made him suck in air that felt as thick as syrup.  A wave of dizziness swept over him and he fought it.  The bag began to slip again.  He clenched it tight but the paper ripped and the bag hit the floor disgorging white powder that flowed out like sand.
“Crap,” he said, under his breath as the dizziness enveloped him and he sat down with a thump, breathing hard.  zoom that had spilled from the bag now caked his arm, melting in the sweat.  He tried to wipe it off but much of it dissolved on his skin, leaving a tingly feeling.  Tom was alarmed when his heart began to trip-hammer at double speed.
He looked over at the small sand dune that had spilled.  It shrank magically as he watched, slipping into a crack in the floor.  He followed the crack with his eyes as it stretched a short way across the floor, turned and turned again forming a rectangle.  A glow grew up through the cracks.  Curious, he crawled over and brushed the zoom away.  There was a steel ring on one side of the rectangle and a hinge on the other – a door.  The light was brilliant now, beaming through around the edges as though someone were dialing up the power on a spotlight.  The steel ring began to jitter as the door began to vibrate.  A sound grew from below, like nails on a chalkboard or perhaps more like a baby’s screeching.  The sound was horrible but he had to know.  He hooked his fingers through the ring and pulled.  The door opened revealing a slit of light hanging in the air below, like a cut in the fabric of reality.  A knife blade protruded from it, working at the end as though someone on the other side were cutting through the fabric of space.  With each slice came a screech.
In moments the slit was as tall as a man and fingers pushed through followed by hands.  They wrenched the cut open.  The tear was pulled wide all at once and brilliant light burst through, forcing Tom to shield his eyes with his hand.  Energy hummed like a high voltage transformer and the shadow of a man from the other side leaned his face in, eyes searching.  Tom watched the eyes, afraid to be seen, afraid to draw attention by any movement.  He was frozen.  The eyes found him anyway and when they did, light played across the face sending a skewer of shock through Tom.  The door slipped from his hand and slammed shut.  He stepped back, tripping over a pallet and falling to the floor.  He banged his head on a support pillar. There was a roaring sound in the room.  It had been going on above him for some moments but he noticed it only  now.  The gear works in the ceiling spun, powered by an unseen force, driving at an impossible speed, whipping the leather belt about the room like an enormous slingshot.  Tom rolled out of its way as it snapped with a whip-crack nearby.  The bags of zoom began to ripple as though something were alive inside.  His arm stung where the zoom had dissolved into it, his skin bubbling like plastic melting on a griddle.  The bag he was laying on moved beneath him.  He rolled off it as the drive belt cracked where he had just been and the bag exploded in a cloud of white powder.  
It’s the drug, Tom thought, it’s the zoom.  I’m hallucinating.  He crawled to the puddle and splashed water on his arm, then staggered for the door.  Tom found that his skin was red but it wasn’t bubbled.  The machinery on ceiling was no longer running, the drive belt tucked in where it had always been.  The exploded bag of zoom was shredded but he may have done that with his thrashing.  The square in the floor was clean, a drift of white powder lay piled at the hinge where it had dumped when he lifted the door.  He half expected the man to come up through it but he didn’t wait.  Tom hurried out the door.
9

The hot jaws clamped down on Axel’s cheek with a sizzling sound, filling his world with pain.   He hadn’t passed out like he had hoped.  Axel opened his mouth in a silent scream, his head pounding as a grey curtain began to descend.  Now he knew how it felt to die.  He wished he had more time.  His arms and legs flailed in a final effort to fight back; if only he could scream.  
Smoke floated up from the overloaded mechanism of the machine to mix with the stench of his burning flesh.  There was movement behind him.  Someone smacked the emergency stop and the jaws that held his cheek popped open taking a bit of flesh with them.  An arm pulled his head back and another swung a knife around near his neck.  For a moment, Axel thought this person would slit his throat to spare him this agony, but the knife missed by inches and cut the tie instead.  He fell backwards.  Strong hands lowered him to the floor and worked the tie free from around his neck.  Air burst into his lungs, cool blessed air.  The skin where the jaws had gripped his face radiated agony.  The face of his rescuer hung above him.  It was blurry and Axel thought it might be Cody, but no - maybe Travis.  Then he knew.  
 “Stock boy,” he whispered in a hoarse voice.
 “Name’s Tom.”
Axel passed out.
10

A loose corner of the tarp flapped in the wind as Flick drove his Pickup down Interstate 95.  He glanced in the rearview mirror.  The ropes were holding tight back there, the loose corner was nothing to worry about.  He turned his attention back to the road.
He had tarped down all of his goods in the back of the truck and taken off for Providence.  It was time to cash in.  His landlord was getting whiney about the rent and Flick knew he was pushing his luck, deferring payment for two and half months.  If he paid the rent before the guy filed for eviction, he could keep the apartment.  He knew how the law worked.  You can’t evict a guy who’s paying his rent.  Flick was pleased with himself, but he was tired too.  This was no way to live.  How long could he go with this small time shit, before he got caught?  It had been close last week.  A man had called out to him in the morning darkness, “Frank?  What are you doing up at this hour?  Frank?”
Flick was carrying a chainsaw in one hand and a computer monitor in the other.  He hustled to the truck, tossed the stuff in and drove off as quickly as he could, lights off.  Then he waited for days for the sound of the police rapping on his door, but it never came.  The man hadn’t gotten his license plate.  He was free and clear.  It was only a matter of time, though, before the rap did come and there would be no one to bail him out.
The car in front of him was driving way too slow, so Flick pulled into the left lane and stomped on the accelerator.  His truck vibrated as it crept up to speed, but it never hesitated.  The engine was strong.  He blew past the slow-poker and moved back over to the driving lane.  There were cops around and there was no sense tempting fate.  If he got pulled over, some nosey bastard cop would certainly take a peek under the tarp.
Flick had made a few friends down in Providence over the last two years.  Not close friends - business friends, contacts.  He had made them pushing for bigger and bigger buyers for what he had to sell, always looking for the bigger fish.  Eventually, he had eliminated the losers and found the ones with connections.  These guys were the sharks of the food chain in stolen goods, but they were still only the fringe of the regime.  Flick wanted to be on the inside.  He wanted to be noticed by the guys at the top.  He wanted to be a respected part of the organization and he knew he could do it.  The small time stuff was dangerous, but the guys up near the top were insulated by lawyers and paid off cops and people who would take a fall for them.  He had to move up from this petty shit, but how?
Flick remembered the first time he had broken into a house.  It was the same day he had watched his father die.  It was a Sunday and his dad came striding into the double wide, walking taller than he ever had.  Flick wondered what was different and it took him minute to see it; no sawdust.  Every day, his dad left the trailer in the morning darkness, heading off to the saw mill.  Every night he came home worn out with fine dust on his skin and in his hair making him look older than he was.  This morning there was no dust, but it was more than that.  He was full of bounce.  He looked like the strong man that he was.
“How’s my man?” he said, gripping Flick by the shoulder and slapping him on the chest.  “How’s my Flicky boy?”  Flick grinned.  His dad was usually too tired to pay attention to him.
“Where the hell have you been?”  Flick’s mom stood like an angry drill sergeant.
“I’m sorry, hon.”  His dad turned toward the woman.  “We played cards last night at Hank’s and I got a little drunk.  Didn’t think it was a good idea driving home.”
She looked at him skeptically.  “You couldn’t call?”
“I was pretty gone, you know.  Fell asleep on the couch.”
“You don’t look hung over to me.  Doesn’t look like you even had a drink.  You had a shower too.”
“Hank had some of them what-do-you-callems – those drinking pills.  Them things that keep you from getting a hang over.  I guess they work.”
His mom’s eyes narrowed.  “You were with her last night, weren’t you?”
“What?  Who?”
“That slut from the sawmill office.  Gina saw you two at lunch last week.”
“Gina – ,“ his dad ran his fingers through his hair, “She - Soupy was with Goob - there was three of us.  And it ain’t nice to call her a slut.”
“Gina didn’t mention no Goob.  She said you two was together and you was looking pretty cozy.”
“Gina’s a dipshit.  Goob was in the toilet taking a piss and his girl was whispering jokes about the fag waiter in my ear.  You’re making something out of nothing.  I love you for being jealous, hon, but you got it wrong.”  He could see the woman was softening.  “Come here and give me a hug.  You know you’re the only one I love.”
Flick’s mom leaned against the door jamb, hugging herself tight in her bathrobe, not sure what to believe.
“Look, this ain’t right,” Flick’s dad said.  “It’s Sunday.  Let’s all go down to church like a family.  Dress up nice.  It’ll be good for us.”
Flick’s mom hesitated.  “They got them snakes down there today, don’t they?  You know I don’t like you touching them things.”
“Yes, they got them snakes there and it’s an expression of my respect and fear for the lord.  I can’t not touch ‘em.  It wouldn’t be right.”
“Then I ain’t going.  If you get bit, don’t come crying to me.”
His dad snorted.  “Suit yourself, but you’d better think more about loving and supporting your family.  Show some respect instead of making false accusations against your man.”  He took Flick and they drove off in his pickup truck down the dirt road.  They jounced and bounced over the pot holes.  There weren’t a lot of paved roads in northern Maine and just about everybody had a four wheel drive pickup.
The church was a one room log cabin with benches and a wood stove.  The preacher had shown up about six years ago and whipped people into a small frenzy.  They built this church with community labor.  It was a reflection of the strong faith and rustic people who lived here and the worship services showed the same.  The sermon was usually full of fire and damnation and shouts from the congregation of praise for the lord.  The preacher kept his own rattlers and twice a year he brought them out for a special sermon.  He was a strong believer in demonstrations of faith.  
The preacher would call out in his sonorous voice, “And the lord said,  ‘They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.’”
The man sometimes had liquor on his breath but that didn’t bother anyone.  Most every man up in these woods was a good drinker  If a man didn’t drink he was considered odd.
This Sunday, Flick’s dad was the first to take up a snake.  He stepped forward and stood in front of the vipers with his arms outstretched, his body in the shape of a cross.  He prayed aloud in praise of God’s glory and expressed his own faith in short, heartfelt words.  Then he dipped his hands into the basket and lifted out a serpent.  The snake seemed nervous about something; right away, Flick could hear the rattle.  His dad was too abrupt with the creature and it let him know.  Flick’s heart jumped, but then his dad moved with slower, smoother movements and that seemed to quiet the rattler.  His dad was good.  The movements he made were hypnotic, having an effect on the congregation as well as the snake.  Flick watched in awe.
A woman began to sing softly and others took up the song in the rhythm of the man’s movements.  The voices grew louder and the movements grew larger, wider, more grandiose.  The crowd began to sway with the handler’s movements and it became impossible to tell if the handler was driving the congregation, or the congregation was catalyzing the handler.  The song was building to a crescendo and his dad held the snake high.  Flick held his breath.  He was proud.  He wanted to pull on someone’s sleeve and tell them, “that’s my daddy.”  Then the snake made a deft movement and his dad jerked.  The singing came to a sudden halt.  Flick was confused.  That short movement – it couldn’t have been a bite.  His dad would have reacted.  The congregation would have burst into a frenzy.  There would be shouting and rushing, phone calls and sirens and medics.  There would be injections or at least someone to suck the poison out.  The snake was back in its box and everyone was quiet.  Flick looked up at his dad who sat down next to him.  There were two small beads of blood on his neck.  His father’s eyes were glassy.  The pastor walked over and placed a hand on the man’s shoulder.
“Would you like us to pray for you, Dan?”  Flick’s dad nodded.  The pastor turned his face to the sky.  “Lord, you are great in your power and in your wisdom.  We commend Daniel Flitwick to your mercy.  It is your judgment, and it is your power that will decide his fate.  If it is your plan to bring him home now, we understand that no human effort can change that.  We understand that with or without snake venom, you would take him to be with you, if you so desire.  Lord, Daniel has his child with him.”  The pastor put his other hand on Flick’s shoulder.  His fingers dug in like steel clamps.  “Help little Ricky to see his father’s strength and to understand your wisdom.  This is a difficult thing for a child to understand, but it is a growing experience as well.  We know that you will use this to help Ricky grow to be a stronger man; strong in faith and strong in your purpose.”
Flick didn’t understand.  The pastor droned on.  It sounded like they were going to do nothing.  He reached out and pulled on his dad’s shirt.  “Dad – let’s go.  Let’s drive to the hospital -.”
The pastor broke off his prayer to crouch next to Flick  “Shhhhhh,” he said.  “Your dad is making himself right with the Lord.”
Flick’s dad began to slump forward in some kind of weakness.  Several men caught him and laid him out on the floor.  He was breathing, but his color was way off.  There were people speaking in low tones and Flick overheard part of it, “ – go over and get the boy’s mother –“ Flick had a surge of hope.  His mother would make things happen.  His dad was sick, but he wouldn’t die.  He couldn’t die - he was dad.  As if in confirmation of this, his father’s arm came up and Flick heard his voice, “Flicky boy - ”  Flick struggled out of the pastor’s grip and he went to his dad.  The man hooked a hand in his son’s shirt.  “Ricky – “  His breathing was labored and his lips were slick with spit.  His body radiated heat.  “Flick, you tell your mother I’m sorry.”  He stopped to swallow.  His eyes almost closed and Flick was afraid his dad was delirious, but the man continued.  “She was right about Soupy Alson.  I was with her last night.  I shouldn’ta done that.  I shouldn’a temped the lord.”  He breathed again, gathering his strength.  “The Lord has judged me.  He has forgiven me, but he has judged me.  Do you understand?”
“No, dad,” Flick said, “it was just a snake bite.  We’re gonna get you some drugs.  We’re gonna get a cure and you’re gonna be alright.  Mom’s coming.”
“You tell her, alright?”
The man’s eyes closed, but Flick knew he wasn’t dead, because he was still breathing.  Where there was breathing, there was life.  People were gathered in clumps, some praying to themselves, some weeping.  One man stepped forward and placed his hand on his dad’s chest.  He raised his other to the sky and gave a great prayer of healing, but Flick’s dad just lay there dying.
“Why don’t you help him?” Flick shouted at the people.  “He’s gonna die.  Why don’t you do something?”  The pastor tried to hug him, but Flick pushed him away and stood back.  The people began to gather round.
“Your father’s fate is in the Lord’s hands,” the pastor said.
“God doesn’t care,” Flick screamed.  “He doesn’t care about you and he doesn’t care about me and he doesn’t give a shit what happens to my dad.  You got to take care of yourself.”  The healer was still at the stricken man’s side, kneeling and praying, his lips moving in a silent plea.  Flick ran to him and grabbed the bible off his father’s chest and flung it across the room.  “Get away from him.”  Flick shoved the man.  “Get away you fake.  God doesn’t give a shit what you want.”  The man scuttled away in terror from the nine year old boy.  Flick sat down with his dad and touched him.
“You’re gonna be alright, dad.  You hang in there.  Mom’s coming.”

* * *

Margaret Flitwick pulled back the table cloth that covered her dead husband’s face.  He didn’t look at peace, he just looked dead.  Tears burst out and she shook with sobs.  It surprised her how much she loved the bastard.  A woman put her arm around her and the pastor spoke.  “The lord be with you in –“
“Where’s the boy?” she asked.
The pastor took a moment to regroup.  “He’s – he went outside . . .”
“He ran out when we covered Daniel with the shroud,” a woman said.  “It’s a difficult thing.“
Margaret faced the pastor.  “You let my boy run off?”
“He was hysterical.  He was cursing the Lord.”
“I’d be cursing the Lord too, if I just watched my daddy die that way.  You get these people together.  If I know my son, he’s run off into the woods.  That’s what he does.  You get a search party together so we find him before he gets lost.”

* * *

Flick ran hard.  Tree branches slapped his face and drew blood.  He jumped over a stone wall and fought his way through a tangle of mountain laurel.  His father was gone; they had killed him – them and their religion.  His mother hadn’t gotten there in time to save him.  Flick pulled his way out of the laurel and ran on.  He would run far away and when he met people he would say he didn’t know who he was.  They would have to take him in.  He would live there and never come back.  Maybe one day he would return to face those people and he would say, “remember me?”  And then – and then -.  Flick slammed head first into a tree.

He woke up as the light was draining from the sky.  It was cold.  His face throbbed with pain and there was blood crusted on his forehead and shirt.  He had been defiant and angry, but much of that had drained away.  It was changing to something else.  Flick knew enough about the woods to know it was bad at night.  People died out here.  It wasn’t the animals that got you, it was the cold and the dark and the fear.  His dad said they found one hunter, last fall, dead, hugging a tree.  They said his face was frozen with his mouth and eyes wide open like a scream. 
Flick rubbed his arms for heat and he began to walk.  He had no idea where he was now and soon it would be too dark to matter.  The forest was different.  The trees were large and far apart, and there was no ground brush.  He wondered if this was what he heard called ‘old stand’.  People talked about it, but they wouldn’t say where it was.  It didn’t sound good.  It sounded like a place where bad animals lived; ones that people had forgotten about, one’s that only turned up in campfire stories about missing boys.  He walked on.  Something caught his eye in the dim light.  In another ten minutes it would have been too dark to see it, but he did see it and he stopped to gawk.
The house looked out of place this deep in the woods and he realized he must be near a road.  There were no lights on, but he could still see the newness of the thing.  It was a summer-people house.  He had heard about them from his dad and his friends.  The summer people were moving in and building houses all over northern Maine; rich folks from Massachusetts and New York, some even from Los Angeles.  This was a big one.  Flick wasn’t sure how this would help him.  There couldn’t be anyone home if the lights were out.  Whoever owned the place wasn’t there to let him in and give him food or a place to sleep out the night.  The house would be locked and it was no more good to him than a tree or a stone wall out here.
Flick walked up to the front door anyway.  He figured it might be okay to go in since he was lost.  If anyone caught him, he would just explain that he was lost.  He lifted the mat, but there was no key.  He knew another way to get in.  It wasn’t nice, but he figured these folks were rich and they could stand it.  Weren’t the rich folks supposed to take care of kids like him – kids who were lost without a dad?  Flick found a big rock and smashed in a cellar window.  He cleared out the shards with his foot and wriggled in.  It seemed like a clever idea until his upper body was hanging into the darkness and about to fall.  He teetered there for a moment and then he did fall into the blackness, arms out ahead of him.  Flick had a short moment to wonder what hard thing he would hit, then he tumbled on something forgiving and rolled to a stop.  The blackness in this cellar was almost complete.  He sat there for a while, his eyes growing accustomed to the low light.  Soon, he could make out some shapes; boxes piled along one wall – that’s what he had landed on.  There was a furnace, a pump and a water tank along another wall, and a table in the middle of the room.  There was something on the table that was familiar and he got up to check it out.  It was a Coleman lantern, the kind his dad had at home in case the electricity went out.  The electricity went out a lot around here.  Flick knew how to use it.  He picked it up and tilted it – no fuel – he would need to fill it.  The fuel can and matches were nearby and Flick marveled at his luck.  He unscrewed the cap and carefully filled the lantern, slopping just a little bit on the table.  He pumped up the lantern and lit it and the room filled with light.
This was a cellar but it smelled of new concrete and fresh cut lumber.  The boxes that had broken his fall were piled along one wall and he wondered what was in them.  He wished he could open them, but they weren’t his.  Then a concept began to dawn on him.  He was alone - there were no adult rules here.  There was no one here to tell him he couldn’t look in the boxes.  He could make up the rules here and they would be good rules.  His rules would be a mixture of fun and safety – and survival.  No one had told him it was too dangerous to light the lantern; he knew he could do it and he did it.  He could do what he wanted here.  He could do what he knew was right.  It gave him a feeling of exhilaration.
He stepped to the wall of boxes and opened one.  There was a lot of stuff in there so instead of rummaging through it, he just dumped it on the floor.  Canned goods spilled out.  Some of them rolled away across the new concrete.  There were boxes of noodles and instant stuffing.  He dumped another and another, stopping to look at things that were interesting and moving on when they weren’t.  There were appliances and power tools, camping equipment, bed sheets, books, it went on and on.  A thought began to occur to him; he could stay here.  These people would be gone for a long time; probably all winter.  He would have the run of the place for the whole season.  He didn’t have to go to school - he could be his own boss.  Everything he needed was here and he could start his new life.
The lantern began to dim.  He glanced at the flame as it slowly shrank.  The lantern needed to be pumped up.  Flick didn’t want to be left in the darkness again and he hurried over to refill the fuel tank.  In his haste, he accidentally kicked a leg of the table.  It was a makeshift platform built from cobbled scraps and the leg kinked over, tilting the table at a crazy angle.  The lantern tipped, rolled and smashed to the floor.  Flick expected the lantern to go out, extinguished in a pile of broken shards, and it might have happened that way except that he had forgotten to cap the fuel can.  The can hit the floor and disgorged its contents creating a ball of flame when it hit the lantern.  Fire raced across the floor as fast as the fuel could flow.  The boxes flared up in moments and he was cut off from the window.  There were stairs here, but they were on the other side of the flames too.  Smoke from the burning cardboard filled the room and Flick began to choke.  He began to think that he wasn’t going to get out.  He was going to be dead, like his daddy.  Flick curled up in a corner trying to shield his nose and mouth from the smoke but he couldn’t stop coughing.  He was going to be a horror story that was passed around at school, a dead kid story.  
Then there was a crashing sound from somewhere and Flick looked up; movement on the stairs, a man was coming down them.  Flick could see him in silhouette and he knew who it was in a moment; it was his dad, strong and brave.  The silhouette stepped through the flames and gripped him by the shirt, lifting him harshly.
“Cover your face.”
Flick was carried out of the cellar and right out of the house where he was tossed on the grass, coughing and choking.  His throat felt like it was ripping apart, but he didn’t care, he was alive, his dad was alive, his dad had come for him, his dad had rescued him from the fire.  Flick looked up at the man.
“You’re Ricky Flitwick?”  It wasn’t his dad, it was a policeman.  Flick didn’t answer, he just stared.  It had been his dad a moment ago . . .

* * *

Flick’s mother drove in silence, puffing on a cigarette.  The windows were rolled up and the smoke stung Flick’s eyes and throat that had already been burned by the hot smoke in the cellar .  He tried closing his eyes and it helped, but his throat still felt like it was on fire with every breath.
“So,” his mother said, taking a drag on her cigarette, “you burned that house down.”
Flick didn’t reply.
“You got nothing to say for yourself?”
What could he say?  It hurt his throat to talk.  It hadn’t been his dad, it had been a policeman.
“What the hell were you doing in that house?”  She glanced at him and back at the road.  “Your father died today and you go and burn a house down.”  Suddenly his mother broke into sobs.  She clung to the steering wheel as though it were a life ring and her body shook with the weeping.  Flick felt sorry for her.  He had only thought of his own pain until now.  He reached out and touched her arm.  His mother tensed up and she backhanded him across the face.
“You get back you little shit,” she screamed.  Flick cowered away from her.  She menaced him with her hand again.  “I’ve had enough trouble from you, I’ve just - had enough.”  She fell back into sobbing, but this time Flick made no attempt to comfort her.  His mom wiped her nose with her sleeve.
“Take your coat off,” she said.  Flick took it off quickly, not understanding.
“Take your shirt off.”  Flick was confused and he hesitated.  “Take it off,” she yelled.  He hurriedly began to pull it off over his head.  Before he could get it off he felt a searing pain in his side and he screamed tearing the shirt off the rest of the way.  His mother was placing her cigarette back in her mouth.  Flick touched the stinging spot on his flesh; the cigarette sized spot.
“That’s what it would have felt like if you’d been caught in there.  That feeling all over your body until you was dead.”  She puffed hard.  “That’s what trouble feels like and you stay out of it.  I don’t want no more trouble from you, not now, not ever.  We ain’t got no money coming in – no insurance money from your daddy and not much coming in from my job.  Don’t know how we’re going to make it.”
Things were bad that night and they never did get better for him and his mother.  Over the next few months, his mother started drinking hard.  She left him alone, often, at night and usually came home with a different man.  At first Flick thought that one of these men might be his new dad, that he would move in and they would be friends and they would go fishing together, but that’s not the way it worked out.  Mostly there was moaning and rocking from his mother’s bedroom and if the man was still there in the morning, he tolerated Flick at best.
One night he heard the sound of fist hitting flesh and the sound of his mother screaming.  He crept out of his room and had just picked up the phone, when a man came bursting out of his mom’s room, naked.  He took two strides toward Flick and knocked him down with his fist.
“Who you callin’ you little shit?  Huh?  Who you callin’?”
Flick looked at him defiantly.  “I’m callin’ the police, you mother fucker.”
The man laughed.  “Guess I am a mother fucker but it’s your mama, not mine”.  Flick was reaching for the phone again, but the man picked it up and threw it across the room.
“Your momma don’t need no police and I don’t need my wife finding out.”
Flick’s mother screamed from the other room, “What are you doin’ to my son?”
“He was callin’ the police.  He told me so.”
Flick’s mother appeared in the doorway, wearing a flimsy night gown.  She threw a pile of clothes at the man, then picked up a frying pan from the cupboard and brandished it at him.
“You get out of here or I’ll bust your head, so help me, I’ll bust your friggin head.”
“Crazy bitch,” the man muttered as he hastily slipped into his pants.  He left the trailer with the rest of the clothes tucked under his arm.  Flick’s mother breathed a sigh of relief.
“I tried to call the police, mama, I tried because I heard what he was –“
His mother raised the frying pan again and shouted.
“Don’t you call the police, you little shit.  We need that money, you understand?  It’s all we got.”  Then she seemed to lose all strength.  She put the frying pan down and closed her eyes.  “Go back to bed,” she said.  “Just - go to bed.”
It wasn’t long after that Flick was sent to a foster home.  It was the first of many.  They took him in for the extra money.  When the reports started coming home from school, the bullying, the insolence, the bad grades, they tolerated it.  But when it spilled over to home life, it was too much.  One night Flick punched the foster parent’s son in the nose and when the father confronted him, he punched him too.  They sent him on.  As he grew up, other families failed as well.  One couple thought they could change him with love.  They hugged him and told him he was safe now; he didn’t need to fight any longer; he was loved.  When they weren’t looking, he stole their money.  When they confronted him, he gave them the finger and walked out.
His mother tried to take him back a few times.  The second time, the police brought him home at two in the morning.  They had caught him breaking into a car to steal the sound system.  There had been a rash of thefts in the area, but no one could prove it was him.  
“It’s over,” she said.  “I’ve given up custody of you to the state, Ricky.  I just can’t take it no more.  I’m moving to Missouri to live with my sister.”  Flick hadn’t seen her since.  When he turned eighteen he left his foster home and the parents there were glad to see him go.  He tried different jobs over time, but none of them worked out.  None of them gave the thrill of that night he was alone in a stranger’s house, alone with their things where he made the rules.  Sometimes, at night, he had dreams about his father and cried.

* * *

Flick pulled into an alley in Providence.  He tooted his horn twice and a garage door opened.  He backed in.
“Flick, buddy,” called a voice, as Flick stepped out of the truck.  It was a short heavy man.  “Look at that load.  You’ve a been working late.”
“Yeah, boss says I’m up for a promotion.”  They laughed and shook hands.
Flick peeled back the tarp from the bed of the truck.  “Why don’t we unload this stuff so you can get a look at it?”
Twenty minutes later the goods were spread out on the floor of the garage and the heavy man was puffing.
“Hey Tony – got something for you here.”  Flick had laid a couple lines of white powder on the bed rail of his truck.
“You’re alright, Flick.  I don’t care what they say about you.”  Tony rolled up a dollar bill and sucked a line up one nostril.  Flick watched his reaction.  The man blinked and rubbed his nose.  “Whoa, that’s good shit,” he said.  “That’s not just coke, is it?  There’s something else in there.”
“Yeah, it’s a special blend.”  Flick took the rolled up bill that was offered to him, but he didn’t use it.  “You saw everything I had to sell and you know it’s in good shape.  What do you say to four thousand, even, for the whole thing?”
Tony was still grinning and his eyes sparkled as he looked around the room.  “I don’t know – four thousand . . . man, that’s good stuff.  Lasts a while, doesn’t it?  I’ve never had anything like that.”
“A friend of mine has a secret ingredient.  I can get more, if you like it.”
“Yeah, it’s alright.”  He turned his attention to the pile of stolen goods now on his garage floor.  “Four thousand is about twice what I had in mind.”
“Shit, man – two?  That’s low for all that.  The surround sound system alone is worth more than two.”
“That‘s before it was hot.”
Flick handed the rolled bill back to Tony.  “Here, have the other line.”
Tony took the bill, and snorted the other line up.  He stood with his eyes closed.  “Ohhhhhhhhhhh man – I am tinglin’ all over.”  He smiled and a laugh escaped, then he rubbed his nose again.  “You know,” said Tony, “I got someone who would be interested in this shit, if you can get more.”
Levers switched in Flick’s head.  The train moved to a whole new track.  “Maybe,” said Flick, “it’s expensive as hell.  Does this guy have money?”
Tony laughed heartily.  “Does he –“ He petered out into a chuckle.  “That ain’t the question.  The question is, can you get enough of this shit?  I don’t think he’d buy less than four hundred kilos – that is, if he wants any at all.”
“He’s got lots of money, huh?  Four hundred kilos – what’s that in pounds?”
“Fuck if I know,” Tony said, “Do I look like a calculator?”
Flick nodded.  He wasn’t a calculator either.  The two men finally agreed on thirty two hundred for the stolen goods, about seven hundred more than Flick had expected, and he left Tony with a sample of his special blend.
Flick was in a good mood on the drive home.  He had cash in his pocket and a promise from Tony that he would put the deal to his buyer.  Flick was going to do his damndest to meet this buyer.  He was going to meet the money man.  He was moving up.
11

“Horse seems pissed,” Zeke said.
“Horst?”
“No, Horse – like the animal.”
Tom saw veins bulging on the big man’s neck.
“I’m gonna bust your fuckin’ head,” he shouted at Tom.  Tom watched him struggle against his two friends.  It looked like he would shake them off in a moment.
“I think it’s time to go,” Tom said.  They pushed their way through the crowd at the house party.  
He took a quick glance at the girl he had been flirting with.  She was already talking to another guy, leaning in close, laughing.  He wondered if Horse would want to beat him up too.  Hell, it was only a kiss.  
“Come on,” Zeke said, pulling him by the arm.  They had just started to move again when Horse broke free and charged.  He rammed through the crowd, a mountain of drunken fury.  Tom barely heard the commotion when Horse struck him and they crashed into a coffee table, splintering it.  Beer bottles flew and shattered.  Horse rolled amid the liquid and broken glass.  Tom was quicker than the drunken man and somehow fared better.  He got up and held Horse down by the shoulders.
 “Stay down, Horse.  We’re not going to fight.  I’m not after your girlfriend.”
Horse heaved Tom off him as though he were tossing a child and lumbered to his feet.  Tom was up quickly.
 “Your girlfriend’s messing with your head, big guy.  Look, at her, that’s what she does.”  He motioned to the couple.  The guy had his hand on the girlfriend’s waist.
Horse saw them and looked back at Tom.  “S’okay,” he said, bringing his fists up to renew the fight, “she’s already humped him.”  
Tom was sorting out this logic when the swing came in and caught him awkwardly on the shoulder as he dodged.  
“She treats you like crap,” Tom said, weaving, “You can do better.”
Horse’s eyes were glassy but Tom could sense rusty wheels turning in there. 
“She’s my girl,” Horse groaned.  He took another swing that missed but left an opening.  Tom used it to send a punch that connected solidly with the big man’s face.  There was a crunch and Horse shook his head.  Blood gushed from his nose.  Tom shook his own hand in pain, amazed to see the man still standing
“You bastard,” Horse shouted, touching his face, looking at the blood on his hands.  “You broke my nose.”  Anger rose up in his eyes like fuel in a sight glass and it reached the ignition point.  He charged.  Tom tried to dodge and then swing but the crowd was thick, subduing his movements.  Horse caught him.  He picked Tom up and threw him, scattering the crowd.   A shelf shattered as Tom’s body crashed into it.
“Cut it out,” a young man shouted.  My parents are coming home tomorrow.”  Someone told him to shut up.
Tom was disoriented, shaking his head as he tried to get up.  Horse waded in and took hold of his shirt.  His face was slick with blood as he shoved Tom back toward two baby-faced boys in the crowd.  “Hold em,” he shouted.  The boys hesitated.
“Hold em,” Horse screamed, “or I’ll kick your asses nex’.”  They grabbed Tom by the arms.  
“That’s it now.  Hol em tight.  He’s like a rabbit – can’ even hit em.  I shouldnta had that las six pack.”  He laughed.  Horse pumped a fist into Tom’s belly and Tom doubled over in agony.
“Stan’ up there rabbit man,” Horse said, straightening him up.  “Le’s get a good shot at that face.  It’s gonna look like yerass when I’m done.”  He laughed at his cleverness as he lined up the punch, his fist as big as a ham.  He looked around at the crowd.
“Who wans ta bet I can put em down with one punch?” he grinned.
A voice called out from the crowd.  “Who wants to bet you wear women’s clothing in private?”
Horse turned to search for the source of the voice.  It was a skinny guy who had been hanging around with the girlfriend stealer
“High heels and garters is what I heard.”
“You - yer fucked,” Horse said, waving a sausage finger at him.  “I’m gonna fuck you up – soon as I’m done with him,” Horse aimed the sausage finger over his shoulder. 
Zeke aimed a finger over his own shoulder and staggered, “. . . soon as I find my manhood - think I left it in ladies apparel.“  A titter ran through the crowd.
Horse’s amusement turned into anger.  He was losing the crowd – what little of it he had.  The skinny guy was speaking again, though, and Horse wanted to hear, needed to hear.
“So you don’t want to take the cross-dressing bet, I can understand.  How about this - I’ll bet I can put you down with one finger.”  He extended his index finger, holding it up as though it were something amazing.  Horse was surprised it wasn’t the middle finger.  He looked at it, unable to believe the guy’s audacity in the face of a certain beating.  He drew back a fist but hesitated as the guy did something new.  He was a barrel of gags.  The guy took his index finger and shoved it back deep in his own throat.  Horse had a moment of confusion followed by a flash of sudden understanding.  By then it was too late.  A column of stomach bile burst from the guy’s throat.  Horse jerked his head as the chunder struck his face and splattered collateral damage into the crowd.  People shouted and ran.  The two boys holding Tom let go, more concerned with the spray than with Horse.  Tom found himself free.  He moved forward and grabbed Zeke, who was still convulsing, by the arm.
 “Let’s get out of here,” he said, half dragging him down the hall.  Tom thought it was over, that they were free of Horse and he was shut of them.  He got as far as grabbing the knob of the outside door when there was a roar and the sound of pounding feet rushing toward them.
“Oh crap,” Zeke said, wiping his mouth with his sleeve.  
“Screw it,” Tom said.  He shoved Zeke out the door and turned to face Horse as the man thundered down the hallway toward him.
Horse drew back a fist to combine a blow with his speed.  It would be crushing.  He was thrilled; his opponent was paralyzed with fear, standing in the open doorway, too scared to even step through it.  He would punch him in the face and probably knock him right out the door.  
Tom waited until Horse was nearly on him, watching the grin on the man’s puke smeared face.  Then he pulled the heavy door away from the wall, stepping back to trade places with the edge.  Horse slammed into it forehead first with a crack, his fist thumping uselessly off the back of the door.  His body rebounded and the man fell like two hundred and eighty pounds of meat.  Any ordinary man would have been unconscious but Horse lay on his back moaning, holding his head.
Tom knelt down.  “Lie still, big guy,” he said, “You’re going to be alright.”  
The big man’s friends gathered at the end of the hallway and paused, struck by a sight very different from what they had expected to see.  One of them finally spoke.
“You’d better get out of here,” he said.
“Get this guy some medical help,” Tom said, standing up.  “Even he’s got to have a concussion after that.”
“He’s had them before.”

* * *

Zeke pulled his car away from the curb.  “God, you smell like puke.  Don’t get any on my car,” he said.
“It’s your puke,” Tom said.  “It should smell like roses to you.  Thanks for saving my ass back there, by the way.  You could have gotten hurt,” Tom said.  
“Killed probably.  I know.  I’m kind of a hero.”  
“You’ll have to teach me that puke trick.”
“There’s only one guy in a million who’s got the throat control to do that.  Do you really think you’ve got what it takes?”
“Probably not.  I’ll have to keep you around,”  Tom said.  
“Yeah, well, you put him down in the end.  How’d you do it?”
 “Hit him with a door.”
“Shit Brooks, quick thinking.  You’ll have to show me how that works.  Hey, I know another party we could go to.  You up for it?”
“You just horked up dinner and you want to go to another party?  How do you do that?  I’m all played out.  I smell like puke and I’m still shaking.  Just take me home.”
After a short drive, they pulled up in front of Tom’s apartment.
“Thanks again for stepping in back there,” Tom said.
You’d better appreciate it.  I lost some awesome meatloaf.”
“There are chunks on my pants if you want them back.”
“Consider it a gift.  Are you okay?  No broken bones or internal injuries that’ll kill you in your sleep?”
“We’ll find out.  I did hurt my knee somewhere along the line,” Tom said, rubbing it, “but I think it’ll be alright.”
 “Are you going to be okay climbing your stairs?”
“Yeah, and I if can’t make it, I’ll just fall down and die alone.”
“Have fun.”
“See you.”  Tom climbed out of the car and limped across the lawn.  There were outside stairs in the back that ran up to the second and third floor balconies.  He hobbled up them stopping on his own second floor porch to rub his knee.  The stars were bright, even against the glow of the city.  It brought Tom back to that night in Iraq when he and Rahim had sat up high looking out on the Green Zone.  It had been hot so they had hauled a couple of chairs to the top of a cargo container to catch a breeze.  Tom scared up a few cigars and they sat looking out on the zone, smoking.  It was then that they had shared their hopes for the future; Tom’s to finish his military stint and go to college, Rahim’s for a home and country that was safe for his family.  They should have been warm memories.  Tom pounded his fist against the railing.
“Easy, don’t break the building.”  It was a woman’s voice floating down from the landing above.  Tom couldn’t see, but he knew who it was.
“Lyn,” he said.
“Are you alright?”
“I was – reliving bad memories,” he replied.
“About what?”
“Iraq.  I lost a friend there.”
“I’m sorry.”
“I am too.”
Lyn was silent for a while and in the silence Tom could hear the clink of ice cubes in a glass.  She spoke again.  “My parents were killed by a drunk driver when I was young.  I used to have a lot of trouble with it.  I still do, but it’s not as bad as it was.  It may sound odd, but have you tried forgiving the person who killed him?”  She heard a strange sound from Tom but there was no reply.  She continued.  “I know it sounds hard, but it’s not impossible.  Really it’s not.  You don’t even have to know who it is.”  Lyn heard the sound of his fist pounding against the railing again and hesitated, worried she was treading on forbidden ground.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to upset you.  I’m only telling you because it helped me.”
“It’s not you.  It’s just that I see the man who killed him every day.”
“How . . ?”  She thought he might mean in his memories and she wondered just how disturbed he was.  Then she understood.
“You mean you . . .”
“He was selling us out to the jihadis.  I couldn’t prove it but I knew.  So many of my friends died because of him, so many men.  I confronted him.  He admitted it, he threw it in my face.  The thing is, I liked him.  He was my friend just as much as the ones he killed.  I handled it - did what official channels couldn’t do.  That’s why they discharged me.  They didn’t know whether to give me a medal or throw me in prison.  They brushed it under the rug with a general discharge.  I think about him every day.”
“I’m sorry.”
“You’re good to offer help.”
“You know, forgiveness still applies.  Maybe more-so.”
“Maybe I need the anger for a while.”
“How could you need anger?”
“You were angry about your parents for a long time weren’t you?  Angry at the drunk driver?”
“Yes - I was.”
“Maybe you needed that.  Maybe you had to get through that first.  I need to be angry for a while.  When it’s done, maybe I can think about what’s next.”
“So long as you can get through it.”
“I appreciate your advice.”
They sat in silence for a while. Tom could hear the ice cubes in her glass again.
“Can we talk about something else?” he asked.  “I need to push this out of my head.”
“What do you want to talk about?”
“Anything.  What did you do today?”
“I spent some time with Uncle Sol,” she replied.  “We cleaned, we shopped.  I put some things away for him.  He’s a good man even though he seems kind of gruff.  Tonight I did some homework and then came out here to enjoy the night.”
“You worked late.”
“I don’t want to go to sleep,” she said.
“Why not?”
“Bad dreams.  I’ve been having them for a while now.  Pressure from school maybe.  I don’t know.”
“What are they about?” Tom asked.
“Fear, running, fire.  Someone wants to hurt me, someone I care about.  Kind of a confused mess.  You know how dreams are.”
“A confused mess – that’s got to be school related.”
Lyn laughed.
“How is nursing school?”
“Good – well, mostly good.  I have some ‘B’s that I want to be ‘A’s.  Uncle Sol says I’m too driven.  That’s fine advice coming from him.”
“There’s your answer.  It’s over achiever anxiety.  Don’t worry so much.  You’ve got a wonderful future ahead of you.  You’ll finish school, get a job, get married and have six kids.”
She laughed.  “Six – wow.  That’s a promise?”
He smiled in the dark. “Maybe two.  My psychic abilities are a little off.”
“I might like that life.”  He heard her getting up.  “Goodnight Tom.”
She went into her apartment and he heard the door close behind her.
Tom got up and went into his own apartment. The door to the first room, the room full of Flick’s stuff, was open and Tom thought that was odd.  Flick had kept it shut, since that first day.  Tom flipped on the light switch and saw the tarp was gone along with everything under it.  The room was empty.  He shut the light off and walked up the hall to the living room where he found Flick sitting with his phone to his ear.  Flick hung up quickly when he saw Tom.
“All your stuff under the tarp is gone,” Tom said.
“Yeah.  It was time to get rid of it.”  Flick slapped a pen down on top of a phone book.  He got up and walked down the hall to his own room.
“Goodnight,” Tom said.  Flick thumped his door closed without a word.  Tom shrugged his shoulders and sat down on the couch.  Costas said the guy would be gone soon.  He picked up the phone book to move it out of the way and noticed there was hand writing in it.  Lots of it.  There were check marks next to some names as well as stars.  Some of the names had two stars.
He can’t have this many girlfriends.  Tom flipped backwards into the ‘B’ section, then to the ‘A’s.  There were more check marks and some names had a string of stars.  He read the names next to the stars, but they meant nothing to him.  Could Flick be telemarketing at eleven O’clock at night?  Maybe he just liked to read names.
Tom had walked into a bookstore once and found a guy staring bug-eyed at a novel, shouting out numbers, frantically waving his arm around.  Maybe Flick had a touch of the same.  He closed the phone book and tossed it on the coffee table.  Flick was odd but he would be gone soon.  It didn’t matter.

* * *

Lyn’s eyes twitched in dream sleep and she sucked in a ragged breath.  It was the dream again.  She was suffocating, drowning, sinking in water where it was cold and dark.  The water pressed down on her, squeezing her lungs.  The darkness grew and so did the pressure.  Then she was pulled out of it.  Suddenly, she could breathe.  There was light and a familiar face; the face of someone she trusted.  Everything was going to be all right.  The face came close and told her that it would be.  And then – and then she realized she had been wrong all along.  She tried to scream.
Lyn awoke in the darkness of her room with a throbbing headache.  She wasn’t sure if she had screamed out loud or not.  The clock glowed at two thirty.  She reached for the glass of water on her night stand and almost knocked it over in the darkness but it settled without tipping.  She took it.  The water felt good running down her throat.  The dream was just out of reach in her mind, the face of her betrayer just a blur.  She settled her head back on the pillow and the throbbing redoubled.  She wondered if the dreams were caused by stress.  They didn’t seem to have anything to do with her waking life.  A girl friend had given her advice, “get yourself a man, girl; a big stallion.  A handsome one.  You ride him into the ground a couple times a week and all that tension will just float away.  You’ll sleep like a baby, I guarantee it.”
It had sounded fun.  It actually was fun.  Axel’s body was strong and satisfying.  They had some wild rides right here in this bed, but it did little for the dreams and the relationship was flat.  Lyn wondered if what she needed was the real thing; someone to talk to, someone who cared.  She thought about Tom.  Her head throbbed and she got up to find some aspirin.  The face from the dream floated in her mind, just out of reach.  She could almost see it.
12

Tom knocked on Costas’ back door early in the morning.
“It’s not locked,” came a voice.
He went in.  Costas was at the kitchen table sketching something on paper.
“Bacon and eggs in the fridge,” he said.  “Frying pan’s in the lower cabinet.”
“I didn’t come to cook.”
“You can’t work on an empty stomach.  Did you eat breakfast yet?”
“Nope.”
“Then you cook.  I already paid for the food.”
Tom didn’t mind the man’s bluntness.  It beat over-polite any time.  He pulled the frying pan from a lower cabinet.
“I like my eggs sunny side up,” Costas said, “and the bacon crispy.”
“I’ll cook but don’t push your luck.  You’ll get whatever comes out of the pan.” 
Tom fried up the eggs and bacon and slid them out on a plate.  Costas looked at the food and grunted.  He picked up his fork and knife and began to eat.  “Not bad.  Bacon’s okay.  Eggs are a little overdone.”  He pointed at his drawing with his fork.  “This is to replace that metal contraption out back.”
“The thing I have to climb over to get through the door?” Tom asked.
“Yes.  That’s an elevator for my wheelchair and it’s temporary.  It’s been temporary for a year.”
“What’s wrong with it?”
“Electric motor, gears and sprockets; the thing could break down.  I’d be stranded in my own house, or worse, outside it.  I want a wooden ramp.”
“You’re kidding.  You’re afraid of it breaking down?”
“It’s on loan from the insurance company.  I can either buy it or buy a ramp.  I want a ramp.”
“Okay.”  Tom looked at the drawing.  “There’s a lot of wood there.”
“I’m glad you can see that.  There’s a lot of work there too.”
“Dig some holes, pour some footers – we could get that part done today.”
Costas looked at him.  “I thought you didn’t know much about handyman work.”
“That’s not much.”
“It’s more than most people know.  You think you can get the footers poured today?”
Tom shrugged.  “A lot depends on you.  If you’re as cranky as you are about breakfast, I may have to knock off early.”
“Well, you should have made toast too.  Got to have toast with eggs and bacon.  Lyn calls me a grouchy old man.”
“There’s a surprise.”
“By my age, you get to wear it like a badge.”  He glanced up at something on the wall.  Some kind of medal in a frame.
 “What’s that?” Tom asked.
“Nothing.”
“It’s a badge - a medal, isn’t it?  What did you get it for?”
“My wife put it up there.  Said she wanted everyone to know her husband is a hero.”
“How did you get it?”
“World War Two.  I was at Omaha Beach.”
“You survived D-day.  You are a hero.”
“I don’t really believe in that word.”
“Why not?”
“You hear that word and you think ‘there’s a great guy’ but that’s not right.  In the war I saw some piss poor guys do some amazing things.  Where they pulled it from, I don’t know.  And I saw guys who I thought were real stand-up men do things – well – things that don’t get reported back home when the press is trying to be patriotic about the war.  Heroes are an ideal. Real men are a mix of good and bad.”
“You’re deeper than I thought.”
“Lyn tells me you were a hero yesterday.  Saved her boyfriend’s life.”
“She told you that?  He was stuck in a machine,” Tom said.  “I couldn’t leave him there.”
Costas snorted.  “I would have.”
Tom laughed.  “I take it you don’t like him much.”
“I met him once.  That was enough.”
“Could anyone ever be good enough for your niece?”
“Someone out there might be but not him.  He’s trash.”  
Tom looked at his landlord, waiting for more.
“He is,” Costas insisted.  They looked at each other for a moment, then laughed.  “You know,” Costas said, “you didn’t accept me calling you a hero for pulling that guy out of the machine.”
“Anyone would have done what I did.”
“Even a shit-hole?”
“Probably”
“Bingo.  Now you know what I mean.”
After breakfast, Tom measured off post locations, while Costas sat in the doorway, barking out dimensions from his drawing.  Once they were laid out, Tom began digging the first hole.  He punched his post-hole digger into the dirt with a ‘chunk’ and pulled up a cylindrical clod.  He was surprised he hadn’t hit a rock.  This was New England and most every shovel load involved a rock.   He hit one on his second scoop and had to pry it out with a spade.  He removed it from the hole and continued.

* * *

Tom was sweating in the afternoon sun as he dug the final hole.  He reflected on how good it was to be out in the fresh air, much better than moving bags in the zoom room.  A memory of that dank smell floated out of some primal compartment in his brain and it gave him a chill.  The chemical had made him hallucinate, that’s all.  The stuff he had spilled on his arm and had gotten into his blood.  There was no other explanation.  Things were easier to judge by the light of day.
He had run from that room and stumbled up the stairs, catching his breath.  It was the squeaking sound from the machine that had drawn his attention.  When he looked toward it, Tom saw Axel getting pulled in by his tie.  He had grabbed the knife and cut him free with barely a thought.
People were coming back from break by then and they saw most of it.  There was a lot of excitement.  The paramedics came and Axel was carried off on a stretcher, but that wasn’t the biggest part of the day in Tom’s mind.  The biggest part was going back down to that room later.  He had to clean up the spilled zoom and lock the door and he had rushed through it, like a child afraid of the shadows.  It was foolish, but still, by the time he was done, he had been trembling.
A water droplet splattered on his arm and he looked up to see dark clouds had slid in while he worked.  They had been working off and on for seven hours, most of it good, some of  it slowed by lunch and a trip to the store for concrete and tube forms.  Another drop hit the shovel blade with a metallic ding.  Thunder rolled in the distance.  
“Why don’t you knock off for now,” Costas called from the doorway.  “I was hoping this storm would wait until later, but it won’t.  We got enough done for one day.”
Tom had cleared out seven of the holes and he was on his eighth - the last one.  There was a stubborn rock in this one and he had been wrestling with it for a while.
“Let me get this rock out of here, then I’ll call it quits.”
“You will be all done if you get cracked by a bolt of lightning.”
Tom listened to the thunder.  It was still a ways off, there would be time.  He picked up the shovel, jammed it down between the rock and the dirt and pried.  The rock tipped up in an encouraging way but the blade slipped off with a scrape and the rock dropped back.  
Tom plunged the shovel in again but missed and drew a spark off the stone.  The next time he aimed more carefully.  The shovel sank deep and he levered it, leaning hard.
“You know that shovel can only take so much,” Costas called.
“Almost there,” Tom replied as the soil began to let go of the stone.   If he could just pry a little further -.
There was a crack and the handle of the shovel spit.  The upper end broke away along the grain leaving an eighteen inch splinter pointing upward as Tom fell.  He twisted his body as he went down, trying to avoid being impaled.  Tom thought he might get away clean, but the spike caught his shirt, pulling him in as he fell.  There was a sharp pain in his gut just before he hit the ground.  Tom tried to roll over, but the shovel came with him.  He clutched at it and pulled his shirt back.  The splinter had torn through his shirt and caught him in the belly but he had twisted his body enough.  The point had scraped across his midsection leaving a bleeding line.  No puncture wound.  The rain was falling hard now.  He stood up, covered with dirt and some blood and untangled himself from the broken shovel.
“Are you hurt?” Costas called.
“A little.  It’s not bad.”  He watched as the rain washed the dirt off his hands.
There was a bright flash of lightning followed by a crash of thunder.  The storm was on top of them.  Rain washed down his face pasting his hair against his forehead.
“You’d better come in before your luck runs out.”
Tom dropped the shovel in the mud and was about to run in when he saw the angular lines of a manmade object in the hole.  He pulled the thing out of the mud and held it as the rain washed the soil away.  It was a knife – no, it was too large to be called that.  It was a dagger.  The thing was almost a foot long from end to end with two sharp edges.  An ornate guard separated the blade from the handle giving it an exotic look but the handle itself was plain.  He hurried in from the rain.
“What did you find there?”
“A dagger.  It was under the rock.”
“Looks like a mean one.”
“It looks old.”
Tom wiped some residual dirt off it with his shirt.
“It’s not that old,” Costas said, “there’s no rust – means it’s stainless steel so it can’t be more than a hundred years old.  Probably some Sears and Roebuck thing from the thirties.  You’re bleeding.”
Tom looked down and saw that blood was running from the scrape on his belly and soaking his shirt.  He put the knife down on the counter, tore a paper towel from a roll and pressed it to his skin.
“We’re done for the day,” Costas said.   “We can’t pour concrete in the rain.  Why don’t you go put some disinfectant on that.  Take that dime store knife with you.  I don’t want that muddy thing in my the house.”

* * *

It was dim in the apartment from the storm.  The balcony doors were wide open and the hardwood floor was slick with rain that had spattered in.  Tom stood transfixed by the flickering lightning.  Thunder rolled.  The rain came down in sheets that swept across the street.  The trees leaned in the wind showing the silver underside of their leaves.  Tom watched as a bolt of lightning touched the arch of a distant bridge, flickered and went out.
“Someone is going to die.”
Tom turned and saw it was Flick.  “What?”  He asked.
“My grandmother told me – when lightning strikes twice in the same place it means someone is going to die.  Lightning hit the bridge twice just now.  I saw it.”  Flick looked down at the knife Tom held in his hand.  “Cool blade.  Can I see that?”
Tom gripped the knife tighter.  Something told him not to hand it to Flick, but this was the most they had spoken since he had moved in.
“Sure.”  He held it out.
Flick took it and gripped the handle tight in his fist.  He ran his thumb along the edge then jerked it away.  “Christ, it’s sharp.”  Blood welled up from the cut.  Flick held it high, entranced.  A stripe of blood ran down his palm, collected and dripped to the floor.  “Look how red it is,” he said.  “That’s my life – one drop at a time.”
“Yeah, I think you should clean that up and go see a shrink.  Give me that thing.”  He held his hand out for the dagger.  Instead of giving it back, Flick raised it high with a sudden motion and for a crazy moment Tom wondered what he was going to do.  Then Flick plunged it into the door jamb.  
“Bitchin’,” Flick said, and stalked off, his bloody thumb in his mouth.
“Nice.”  Tom reached for the knife, shaking his head, and then stopped.  There were lines on the handle, thin as a razor, glowing with internal fire.  They formed the shape of a snake.  The image faded as he watched leaving the handle as plain and metallic as it was a moment ago.  He looked close but there was no trace.  Tom held up his hand, the one with the red welts.  The outline looked almost the same as the one on the knife; wider lines but the same shape.  He touched the handle, almost expecting it to be hot but is it wasn’t.  There were no indents, no grooves, nothing to account for what he had seen.  He wondered if he had really seen it at all.
 Lightning flashed as Tom pulled the knife from the door jamb.  He realized it had struck the bridge a third time.
13

Tom and Lyn sat together at break.
 “It’s good, what you’re doing for Uncle Sol,”  Lyn said.
“What - oh, the handyman work.  It’s not bad – it’s almost fun.”
“The handyman work is the least of it.  You’re helping him get back to himself.  Nothing else worked and I was beginning to worry.  You’re wonderful with him.  Some people think he’s hard to get along with.”
Tom smiled.  “Imagine that.”  He sipped his Coke.  “He is a crusty old guy, but I like him.  Besides, it’s keeping the rent down.”
“We need to talk about that.  It’s a bit awkward.”
“Uh-oh.”  He set his Coke on the table.  “What’s up?  No cut in the rent?”
“No no, it’s not that.   It’s just that you were supposed to have the apartment to yourself.  Your roommate didn’t pay his rent for a long time, but before we could evict him, he paid it all, two months worth and the next month’s too.  We can’t evict him now, not legally.”
“So he’s a permanent roommate.”
“It looks that way.”
“I’d better get used to him then.”  He picked up his can and swirled it.  “I wonder where he got the money all of a sudden.”
“Maybe he had it all along.”
“Maybe.”  Tom thought of the junk that had been under the tarp in that room.  Could it have been worth three months rent?  Someone stopped at the table and Tom looked up.  It was Axel and he spoke in a rough whisper as he pulled out a chair and sat down.
“Hey, sweetheart,” he said, kissing Lyn.
“Ax - you sound like doo-doo.”  She studied his face.
“I love it when you talk dirty.  And I feel like doo-doo too.  Check this out,” He said, pointing at the bandage on his cheek.
“Will it scar?”
“I don’t know, maybe.  I need to talk to a plastic surgeon and where the hell am I going to get that money?”
Tom wondered what it looked like under the bandage.
“But hey,” Axel threw in,  “I’m alive.  If it weren’t for this guy,” he clapped Tom’s shoulder, “I would have choked to death.”  He pulled away his collar to show a red ring around his neck.  “Check that out.  I should be dead.  I want to thank you, man.  You saved my life.  You really did.”
“I couldn’t leave you there.”
“Don’t play it down.  It’s good to be alive.  They told me what a fluke it was that you were there to cut me out of that machine.  I don’t remember any of it.  I woke up in an ambulance with a huge fucking headache – and face ache.  They had this tube down my throat, and my arms were strapped down.  It was freaky.”
“Poor baby,” Lyn said, putting her arms around him.
“Keep it coming.  Feeling a little better already.”
Lyn rubbed his back.  She turned to Tom.
“Why were you in the basement, anyway?”
“Vince gave me a key to that chemical room.  He wants me to fetch zoom every day.  He was weird about it.  ‘It’s your ass’ he said, imitating Vince’s voice, ‘it’s your ass’.”
“The zoom room,” Axel said.
“You know about it?”
“That’s where Jackson and Stig got bagged.  They were screwing off and snorting the stuff.  Vince canned them.  That’s why he put that lock on there.”
“He mentioned something about that.”
 “That room is creepy,” Lyn said.  “I hate it.”
“You’ve been there?” Tom asked.
“A couple times.  I do inventory and there are always weird sounds.”
“What did you hear?” he asked.
“Something – “ she shuddered.  “I don’t really know.”
“Tom, I want to do something for you ,” Axel cut in.  “I know it’s not much, but I want to take you out on the town.  You’re not twenty one yet, are you?”
“No, I can’t go to any bars.”
“This weekend you can.  I know some people at the Red Onion.  I’ll get you in – and that’s just the start.  It’ll be a night to remember.”
“What about us?”  Lyn asked.  “When do we go out?” 
“Guys night out, babe.  You spend some time with the girls.”

* * *

Tom slammed his shot glass down on the bar, gasping, his throat burning from the liquor.  Axel grinned.  “I thought you army boys were good drinkers.  You’re going cross-eyed already.”  He called to the bartender.  “Come on, let’s have another for the guy who saved my life.”
The bartender tossed her hair and thumped a bottle on the bar.  “You ready?” she asked Tom.  Tom was just realizing how hot she was.  He wondered why he hadn’t noticed before.
Axel waved his hand.  “They’re on me, man.  You won’t get a better deal than that.”  
 Tom slapped the bar.  “Two more on my friend.  You’re all right, Axe - I’d save your life any day of the week.  Hell, twice on Tuesdays.”
“I’ll plan all my accidents on Tuesdays then,” Axel said and he shoved his empty shot glass forward.  The bartender poured.  “To sheep,” axel said, raising his glass, “if they could cook, we wouldn’t need women.”
Tom burst into a laugh, spraying the shot from his mouth.
“That’ll clear your sinuses, “ Axel said.  Tom rubbed his face and blinked.  “Oh God, that burns.”
“Come on, man,” Axel said, “We’re moving on.”
“Wait,” Tom said, “I’ve got to get this bartender’s number.  She’s got hips like handlebars.”
Axel laughed.  “Forget it, you don’t want her.  Besides, I’m taking you to meet a real lady.”
Tom looked at him, straining to focus. “You don’t think I can get her number?”
Axel laughed.  “I’m sure you can.  I just don’t think you want my seconds.”
Tom glanced at the woman, who was out of earshot.  “S’pose you’re right.  I should break new ground.  Point out a woman you haven’t slept with.”
“That’s tough.  My sister doesn’t live in town.” 
Tom laughed.  “I don’t really want a woman who looks like you with breasts.”
It was Axel’s turn to laugh.  “Hey, I might look good with a pair of ‘C’s.  Come on, let’s go meet this lady.”
“Who is she?”
“She’s good.  You’ll see.  Come on.”
Tom wondered what was so good about this lady but Axel wouldn’t say.  He drove them across the city.  The world looked like a carnival to Tom as the city whipped past.  They stopped at a plain apartment building.  Tom stumbled as he got out of the car.  Axel took him inside and pointed up a narrow staircase.
“Go up to the third floor and knock on the door.  Tell her you’re my friend.  She’ll take care of you; she knows you’re coming.”
Tom laughed.  “You’re kidding.  You paid for a hooker?.”
“She won’t take care of you that way,” Axel told him.  “It’s different.  It’s something that will change your life.”
“It’s religion?”
“No, it’s good.  You’ll see – just talk to her.”
“Talk.  That sounds like a blast.”
“Hey, you saved my life.  I want to give you something back, something that’s got meaning.  This lady helped me a lot.  If it doesn’t work for you . . .”  Axel shrugged, “it’s on me anyway.”  He pointed at Tom.  “And you be nice to her.  She’s a good woman.  Now go,” he said, “and thanks, man.  I’ll be in here when you’re done.”  Axel pointed to a door.  “I live right here.  Just bang on the door and I’ll give you a ride home.”  He slipped into his apartment and was gone.
Tom looked up the stairway.  It was narrow and dimly lit and the six shots of Jack hadn’t made it any clearer.  He raised a foot to take the first step and nearly missed it.  Tom chuckled and it occurred to him that climbing up there might be life threatening.  He grabbed both hand rails and hauled himself upward.
Part way up he found he needed to take a leak - actually a full blown horse-piss, and he hoped the lady had a bathroom.  He pictured himself doing a frantic pee dance as she opened the door and began to laugh.  Gravity shifted and the stairwell to pivoted dangerously.  Tom grabbed for the handrail that he had let go of somewhere in his journey.  The image of him cart wheeling down the stairs made him laugh more and it made his bladder ache.  He pulled himself together and resumed climbing.  The walk up the stairs had turned into an epic journey.
There was a single door at the top of the third flight.  Tom was disappointed.  He had expected a blinking sign or something, but it was just a door.  This big night out was ending with a fizzle.  He knocked and hoped the woman was at least good looking.  There were footsteps and the door swung inward.  The woman was short with a round body and a tiny head.  Her eyes bulged precariously from their sockets.  She was middle aged.
“You must be Axel’s friend.”  She spoke with an accent that sounded Caribbean.
Tom managed to tear his attention from her bulging eyes to answer the question.  “Yes, I’m Tom - here for –,” his mind searched, “- the fun.”
The woman scowled.  Tom’s drunken cheerfulness drained away.  Nausea and exhaustion crept in around the edges.   It occurred to him that he could have told her he had the wrong apartment and fled.   The image of himself running from the apartment, arms thrown wide made him laugh a little.  Her scowl deepened.
“Come in here,” she said, opening the door wide.  “Axel’s dups are welcome.”  Her expression didn’t look very welcoming, though.  He stepped inside.  The place was decorated like an opium den with drapes and pillows.  Incense burned on a nearby table.  He thought he might see men puffing on hookah pipes, but there were none.
The round lady bustled over to the counter space in the kitchen and poured something from a bottle.  “Come here and bwe dis,” she said.
“What?”
“Bwe dis - Drink.’ 
“Thanks, ma’am, but I’ve already had too much tonight.”
“That’s why I’m giving you dis.  It’s something to help gone boys act like men.”
Tom bit back a sharp reply.  Axel had asked him to be nice to her.
She handed him a glass.  “Drink it,”  She said.
Tom took a sip and winced.  It tasted bitter and dirty.
“You like it?” she asked, a hint of satisfaction on her face.  “It’s an herbal tea.  I made it myself.”  Tom drank it down..
“The man likes his tea,” she said, watching him tilt the glass up.  He brought it down empty.
“Interesting flavor,” he said, trying not react to the bitterness.
“Don’t pull me apron strings, mon.  It tastes like warra-warra.  How do you feel?”
Tom wondered why she would ask that and then noticed the drunk feeling had faded a bit.  The exhaustion and nausea had been knocked back too.  And he didn’t need to take a leak.  Tom wondered how that was possible.
“Good,” he said, “better”.  Almost great. He wondered what was in the stuff.
“Glad you crawbed up.  I don’t need no silly boys laughing and puking in my place; I got to make a living here.  Sit down.”  She pointed to a chair upholstered in red velour.  It looked small and knobby but it was comfortable.  There were pictures of Caribbean life on the walls.  He pointed at one.
“Is that where you’re from?”
“Yes.”
“What brought you here?”
“My work.”  Tom sensed sensitivity behind her short answer.  She pulled up a stool, sat in front of him and took his hand.
“What are we doing?” he asked.
“Axel didn’t tell you?”
“No.”
She snorted.  “He’s a funny boy, dat Axel.”  She held his hand, palm up in hers, and stroked from the forearm all the way down to his finger tips like she was grooming a small dog.  Her hands were strong and firm and it was strangely relaxing.  “I’m going to tell your future.”
“Like who I’ll marry and how many kids we’ll have?”
“Don’t be foolish.  No one can do that.  Anyone who tries is lying.  What I can do is help you make de most of what you have.   I can give you direction.  Happiness?  Sadness?  I can show you de road you should take to avoid one and find de other.  Should you live carefully or should you live for de moment?  If you don’t choose your direction, fate will choose it for you.”  She poured oil from a small bottle into her palm and rubbed it on his arm.  It was hot and Tom almost flinched, but the woman rubbed it in quickly.  A spicy smell filled the air.
“My name is Jamila.”
Tom felt stupid; he had never asked.  The smell from the oil relaxed him.  She took his other arm and began to rub it now, her fingers pressing deep as though she were trying to reach inside him.  She noticed the mark on his palm and a word escaped her lips that Tom didn’t catch.  He waited for her to say more but she continued the massage and began to hum.
Jamila rubbed oil into his neck and his shoulders.  His eyes closed to slits.  He didn’t remember taking his shirt off but it was gone and it felt good.  Jamila’s hum was almost a chant.  Her hands were firm.  They pressed and rubbed his temples and the world melted away.  The only thing left was the smell of the oil and the rhythmic motion of her hands as she sang her wordless song.  The woman spoke and her words pierced the spell.
“You have a weight on your shoulders.”
“Weight?”  He thought about Rahim.
“You carry it every day,” she said in her island accent.
Tom pictured himself raising his rifle and pointing it at his friend.  There was no way she could know about that.
 Jamila rubbed his neck in silence for a while.  “A thing like that will twist you if you leave it be.  It may even break you.  Would you like to be free of it?”
Tom hesitated.  What did she think she knew?  He wondered if it mattered.
“Don’t be afraid. It only takes one word; but it has to be from you. Say, ‘yes’”.
Jamila felt his muscles tense under her hands and then a word came in a hoarse whisper.
“Yes.”
She said no more, just began her song again and it drew him into a trance.  A sense of relief grew in Tom, a feeling of hope that a stranger could reach inside him and take that weight away.  For the moment he would believe it was possible.  Even if she couldn’t, the hope was a relief in itself.  His head swam in a fog.  Jamila was speaking but he couldn’t understand it, couldn’t catch it with his mind.
“. . . lack of faith . . . darkness will come . . .”  Her voice shrank to a pinpoint in the distance.  His mind rocketed outward through mist.  Wind and fog buffeted him as his body rushed forward.  The sensation of speed was hypnotizing.  He began to feel nauseous when, suddenly, it halted.  The world around him solidified into green and he crashed through it, pain wracking his body as sharp objects snagged his limbs.  He tumbled to a halt.  Tom raised his head and blew dirt from his mouth.  The taste lingered so he spit again.
He was in a place that seemed solid.  It seemed real but it wasn’t Jamila’s apartment.  Far from it.  Tom sat for a moment, getting his bearings.  Dirt still gritted between his teeth.  He brushed his face off, spit once more and looked around.  This place seemed real but it had to be in his head.  His head told him he was in a forest.  A path of broken branches and a skid mark on the ground showed where he had rocketed in.  It solidified his belief that this was something shy of reality.  There was no way he could have survived entering a forest like a meteor in the real world.  Not with only a few bumps and a mouthful of dirt.  He worked his arms around.  He felt pain.  He had a few bruises but was otherwise fine.
There was a clanging sound.  Tom stood up as it repeated.  It was intermittent and metallic and accompanied by grunts as though someone were expending great effort.  Tom thought it likely he was slumped in a trance at Jamila’s and the sounds, as well as this whole place were manufactured by his unconscious mind, even the bruises.  The sound piqued his curiosity.  Maybe Jamila was banging pots together.  None of this seemed to have anything to do with Rahim.
Tom followed the sounds, pushing aside leaves and branches until he broke through into a clearing.  It took a moment for him to accept what he was seeing.  It looked almost like animation.  Two creatures were fighting with swords.  One creature’s body glowed white, the other was jet black.  Its darkness was so profound it created the impression of a blank in the fabric of reality, a blank in the shape of a man.  The white creature was uniform and seamless, giving it a two dimensional appearance.  As they moved, Tom realized the ‘man’ comparison was only an approximation.  The silhouettes were larger and more angular than any that could be cast by a man.
They were evenly matched in their swordplay, each parrying the swing of the other, their swords ringing with each blow.  Their weapons were long and heavy, requiring two hands to swing them.
The fighters circled as they fought, feinting, lunging, blocking, intent on the fight.  They gave no indication that they noticed him.  Tom wondered if they had the ability to see him.  He had no idea what the rules were in this reality.
 Their constant maneuvering brought the two silhouettes slowly closer to him.  Tom assumed it was a product of their random movement, an unconscious repositioning.  He was taken by surprise when the dark creature broke from the fight, and ran at him.  There was no mistaking its target; if the pounding feet and pumping arms bearing down on him didn’t give it away, the eyes that were locked on him did.  They were grey almonds in a dark face.
There was a moment of paralysis as Tom accepted the idea that the silhouettes not only saw him but also had plans for him.  The creature raised its sword as it drew nearer leaving little doubt about its intentions.  The light one that had been left behind understood the intentions well enough and let out a cry as it charged after him, a number of steps behind.
 “No!” it shouted.
It darted forward, faster than its opponent, in an attempt to stop him.  During the moment before Tom turned away, the warrior of light was closing the gap on the dark one.  Tom didn’t watch long.  He intended to disappear into the forest at a run.  His violent landing here hadn’t hurt him but he had an idea the dark sword could.  The warrior carrying it certainly thought so.
What Tom found when he turned to run was a shock.  The open forest he had stepped out of was gone, replaced with a thicker, denser one.  The place he had entered the clearing from was now a mass of intertwined vines and branches, shrubs and saplings so thick he couldn’t step through.  It extended as far around the clearing as Tom could see.  This place was changing, had changed.  Real world rules didn’t apply.
Tom spun back to face the danger and saw the dark warrior would be on him in a heartbeat.  There was barely time to throw his hands up in defense.  He cried out as he did.  At the same moment, his mind registered the position of the warrior of light; directly behind the dark one now, sword poised to slash, perhaps even soon enough to save Tom.
 In that moment, when the light warrior focused all of his senses on maintaining his speed, his balance, drawing his energy for the blow, the dark one slammed his heel into the earth and drove its sword backward.  There was no time for Tom’s charging defender to stop or change direction.  His speed carried him forward and impaled him on the dark sword that Tom had thought was meant for him.  There was a scream that vibrated in Tom’s chest.  Light poured out of the wound as though it were pouring out of a vessel, draining from the extremities first, leaving a more mortal visage.  The hands, the legs, the head all grew dimmer, their essence bleeding away, until finally the light settled to a beating pulse in the creature’s torso.  It fell to its knees and dropped its sword.  The warrior of light looked more real now that its light was dim. Tom saw it truly was a three dimensional creature. It had pointed ears, light skin and leather armor.
The dark one drew a dagger from his own belt.  What Tom could see of the weapon looked familiar to him, even in shadow.  It looked like the one he had found in Sol’s back yard and Tom thought maybe his subconscious mind had brought it here.
“Your power is mine,” the dark one said and he drove the blade into his opponents chest.  There was a sucking sound as the light that pulsed in the warriors torso was drawn to the dagger.  The warrior’s body shriveled as the energy left it.  The energy concentrated in the haft of the dagger, shining brightly for a moment before it went dormant and hid itself away.  The body of the dark warrior was nothing but a husk.  The executioner withdrew the dagger and kicked the husk to the ground.  He stood panting, still winded from the battle and from his run.
“You are free,” he, “rejoice”.  
It took Tom a moment to understand he was talking to him and his heart leapt into his throat at the direct address.  The thing was an arm’s length away, it could hack him to pieces if it wanted to.
The dark being spoke as if it had read his mind.
“You have nothing to fear from me.  My attack on you was a ruse to destroy our enemy.  I know that you will need time to understand what has happened here and you will have it - but always remember that this is my gift to you.”  He motioned to the corpse.  “Every man struggles with lifelong choices between good and evil.  You no longer need to.  I have rid you of the interloper, the one who created confusion.”  The dark warrior was finally catching his breath.  “Do you recognize this place?” 
Tom blinked at the question.  Too much was coming too fast.   He  looked around at the trees surrounding them and began to see things he had missed in his panic.  The branches were twisted, intertwined in their own kind of battle, the wood so weathered it looked like human sinew.  The vegetation was locked in a parody of human wrestlers, peeled of their skin, screaming in pain as they grappled.
“It is your secret heart.  It reflects your struggle between good and evil, the one you are now free of.  Your heart will begin to heal.  Your concern over the death of your friend will fade now that you have the ability to make choices, unencumbered by his influence.”
“Who was he?” Tom finally got out.  The dark entity didn’t answer at first.  A hole had appeared in the ground where the warrior of light’s body had fallen, a trade.  Things were changing again.  The dark one held up the dagger he had used for the final kill.
“This is for you,” he said.  “I know you are worthy of it because I have seen you understand difficult choices.  You knew when to take your friend’s life. ”  He held the dagger out over the hole and dropped it.  For a moment Tom thought he saw the red outline of a snake on the handle.  Then the dagger was gone.  The dark one turned to Tom and spoke one last time.  
“You asked who he was.  He was an ambassador sent by fool, a projection on your heart as I am.  Again, you will understand in time.  I am Azael.  I will find you in your world.”  With that, he stepped forward and dropped into the hole just as the dagger had.  Tom crept forward, peering cautiously, expecting the hole to be deep, maybe connecting to a tunnel.  What he saw made him draw back as a touch of vertigo spun through him.  It wasn’t a hole in the ground so much as a doorway, an opening into the vastness of space.  The darkness on the other side was scattered with stars and a single blue-green ball.  It was the Earth, light shining off the oceans.   As Tom watched, marveling, the lip of the hole he stood on crumbled away.  He scrambled back but too late.  The ground beneath his feet disappeared and suddenly he was falling into the vacuum.  Tom struggled to cry out, to breath as his body spun into the darkness.

* * *

Cold water hit him.
“Get up.”
Jamila was standing over him with an empty pitcher.  There was pain in his body that he couldn’t place.  It was his lungs; he hadn’t been breathing.  Tom tried to inhale, but his throat wouldn’t open.  He pushed up onto his hands and knees.  Strings of spit ran from his mouth, onto the carpet, as his mouth gaped.
“Oh, lord,” Jamila said.
At last, he managed to inhale but it was like breathing through a straw.  Some valve wouldn’t open all the way.  A tiny bit of air whistled into his empty lungs and then his throat shut with a chirp.
“Just breath, dammit, and don’t vomit on my carpet.”  She pulled his head up by the hair and slapped him.  The blockage in his throat popped and he was able to suck up a chest-full of air.
“Now get up,” she said, throwing a towel at him.
“I saw — ” he gasped to fill his aching lungs.
“I don’t want to know.”
Tom huffed in air and spoke between breaths.  “They were fighting —”
“Be quiet.  I don’t want to hear it, I don’t want to know.  I want you to leave.  Can you do that?  Prale - go.”
Tom looked at her in confusion.  Each breath was a gift.   A few moments ago she had wanted to help him.  “What – why?  What are you upset about?  It was – a dream.”
“You think it was a dream?
“Why?  Wasn’t it?”
“I asked you to leave.  Will you do that - or do I have to call de police?”  She stood, tight lipped and glaring.
 “No – you don’t have to.  I’ll leave, but tell me something first.  What was that, the two things fighting, the light one and the dark one?”
She sucked in a breath, then glared at him.
“I’ll tell you but it won’t matter.  I seen dis before.  A man come out of it once, all hitched up and chokin’ like you, him saying he saw dis and he saw dat.  I listened and I told people - it was a vision.  I thought it would bring me a name on the island.  It did.  Something broke inside de man’s head, terrible crosses.  He murdered his wife and a policeman before they shot him dead.  My name was in de paper.  They careful what they print but everyone know what they saying – that it was me, that I brought obeah, the darkness on him.  When it was done everyone knew my face, callin me a soucouyant.  They cross the street when I come.  I had to leave my home.”  She paused, her face taut.  “You like hearing that smart boy?  You happy now?”
“I’m sorry.”
“So am I.  Now get out.”
He turned to leave  “Don’t worry, I’m not going to flip out like that other guy.”
“You think he won’t come for you?”
Tom turned back.  “Come for me?”  How did she know?  He saw the anger in her but there was something else; fear.
“He told you he would, didn’t he?  The dark one – Azael.”
She knows his name – called him the dark one.
“They will find you,” she said.  “Go now.”
They?  he wondered.
 He wanted to know more but she wasn’t in the mood to answer questions.  He turned and left.  As he walked down the stairs he rolled the whole thing around in his mind.  It couldn’t have been real, it couldn’t have happened the way it appeared to.  By the time he reached the ground floor he had half convinced himself Jamila had slipped him something in that tea.  It was the awful tasting tea and some suggestions while he was unconscious. That was the only explanation.
He knocked on Axel’s door and it opened a moment later but it wasn’t Axel in the doorway, it was a pretty girl; a pregnant girl.
“Hi.”  She smiled.  “You must be Tom.”
“Hi . . .”  He had no idea who she was.  The girl held one hand on the top of her enormous belly in a maternal way.  “Come on in,”  She opened the door wide.  “Axel will be out in a minute.  You’re all wet.”
 “That Jamaican lady upstairs doused me with water and threw me out,” Tom explained, stepping through the doorway.
“Oh, Jamila.”  She put her hand to her mouth.  She’s very moody but she’s got a lot of customers who love her.  Axel is crazy about her.  Why did she throw water on you?”
“I guess it was part of the show.”  He didn’t feel right telling her the story.  He felt awkward, afraid to embarrass her by asking who she was.  Axel had dropped the ball.
She saw Tom looking at a boat hanging from the ceiling.  “That’s Axel’s kayak,” she said.  “He used to compete – almost made the Olympics but he hurt his shoulder.  It broke his heart.  He used to practice on the rapids on the river right here in town.  Now he mostly rides his motorcycle.”
Tom wondered if Axel was as single-faceted as he appeared.  The man walked in from another room.  “Tina,” he said, “what are you doing up?”
“Tom’s here.  I thought we could . . .“
“Sorry, some other time.  We’re both tired.  I’m taking him home.”  He guided Tom away before she could say more.  “Come on.” he said, hurrying him out the door.
Tina waved.  “Bye Tom.  Thanks . . .,” she called.
They walked out into the night.
“Bye . . .” Tom waved, even more confused.  The door closed and he turned to Axel.  “That was a surprise, he said.
“Yeah, to you and me both.  I thought she was asleep.”
“Who is she?” Tom asked.
“My roommate.”
“We don’t hear much about her at work.  She looked a little pregnant.”
Tom watched Axel fumbling with his car keys.  The man didn’t reply.  
“Is it yours?”  Tom asked.
Axel shrugged.  “Sort of.”  He dropped his keys.
“What do you mean ‘sort of”?  Either it is or it isn’t.  
Axel had found his keys again.  He looked at Tom over the roof of the car.  “What’s it to you?” he said.
“Nothing, but women usually like to know if you’re in another relationship.”
“Look, Tina’s just a roommate.  That’s all she ever was.  If she wants to ride me a few times who am I to say no?  That was a long time ago.  There was nothing between us and it’s over.”  He opened the driver side door.
“From the size of her, it looks like things are just about to start.”
Axel leaned forward over the roof of the car.  “You want to give it a rest?”
“I don’t think I can.  It’s going to bite me.  Lyn lives one floor up and I see her every day.  We talk.  She’s a friend.  I’m supposed to hide this from her?”
“You don’t have to hide it from her, just wait a while.”
“Wait?  For what?”
“Nothing lasts forever.  When we’re done, you can tell her whatever you want.”
“And she’ll be pissed at me for not telling her sooner.”
Axel blew up.  “This is all about you then?” he shouted.  “How does all of this affect Tom?”
“No, it’s not about me.  It’s about Lyn - and what’s her name?  Tina?”
“I think I get it” Axel said.  “You lie in bed at night dreaming about Lyn while I’m humping her.  I knew you wanted her the first time I saw you talking together.  You’re not good enough for her.”
“That’s what life is all about for you, isn’t it?  One big hump contest?”
“Yeah, it is - and you’re the loser.”
“Did you get that philosophy from her upstairs, that carnival-reject palm reader of yours?  I could get better advice from a fortune cookie.  And you base your whole life on her.  You’re not only an asshole, you’re a moron.”  Tom slammed the car door and began to walk away.
The storm cloud that had filled Axel’s face broke.  “Walk off, asshole,” he shouted.  “Keep whacking it while you’re dreaming of Lyn; that’s the closest you’ll ever get.”  He kicked a garbage can.  “You’d better not tell her about Tina,” he shouted.  “I’ll pound you.”  Tom didn’t turn.  “I’ll fucking beat the shit out of you,” Axel called. 
14

The Mexican girl stood in the doorway, one hand on the knob as though she were about to slam it.    “I don’t know where he is.  I haven’t seen him in days.”  She spoke with an accent, her eyes furtive like the eyes of a cornered animal.  Tony Grippa and Rodge Simms stood in the hallway of the seedy apartment building.  Her eyes flitted sideways to something in the room and back again.
“Is everything alright, miss?”
“Yeah, everything’s good.  I’m kinda busy so -.”  She shrugged.
Grippa glanced at the door.  Anything could be behind it.  The girl was trembling and one side of her face was raw and red.  A drop of blood appeared from one nostril and she quickly wiped it away.  Tony darted his hand out, grabbed the girl and yanked her into the hallway.  Gun shots banged through the door, from the back side, and splinters of wood flew out.  The girl screamed.  The door was slammed shut by someone on the other side and there were running footsteps.
A muffled voice came from inside the apartment.  “You fucking bastards set foot in here and I’ll kill you.”
 The girl jabbered hysterically, but she wasn’t hit.  Grippa drew his gun and Rodge already had his out.  They heard more running.
“I’m gonna go in,” Rodge hissed and reached for the door knob.  Grippa put his hand on Rodge’s arm and shook his head.  “Get downstairs and park yourself under his window.  That’s his only way out now.”
“What are you going to do?”
“Don’t know yet,” he said.  He nodded toward the girl, whimpering on the floor.  “Get her out of here.”
Simms took her and they disappeared down the hallway.  He had told Simms he didn’t know what he was going to do and it was true.  After this many years it was more of a feel than a thought.  He was glad to have Simms out of there.  He didn’t need to be breaking bad news to the man’s wife.  Grippa turned toward the door.
“Rico,” he shouted.   There was no answer.  He called again.
“Rico,”
“Fuck you.”
The voice came from farther away in the apartment this time, probably another room.  Grippa pushed open the door and scanned the apartment.  There was cheap furniture, a small TV and two more doorways.  One led to a kitchen.  There was no daylight from there; no windows.  Rico wouldn’t be in there.  He moved toward the other doorway, pointing his gun.
“You know what we’re here for,”  Grippa shouted.
An arm popped around the corner holding a gun and squeezed off several shots.
Grippa threw himself down.
“Did I get you?” Rico called,  “Huh?  Did I put a hole through your stinking heart?”
The bullets had punched holes in the wall nearby, but none in Grippa’s heart.
“You’re up for rape,” Grippa said.  “Do you really want to make it murder?”
“I ain’t going to jail.  Fuck that.  Bunch of faggots in there; I don’t want none of that.”
“This is a hanging state,” Grippa shouted.  “You kill someone, they snap your neck at the end of a rope.  And if you kill a cop, they hang you slow.  I saw it once.  The guys at the state prison make it bad.  You kick and you kick.  Your face turns purple and your tongue sticks out.  It takes a long time.  You aren’t heading for that yet – not if you don’t kill a cop.  Why don’t you come in before you go too far?”
“You think I’m stupid?  I’ll never make it out of here.  You’ll cuff me and put a bullet in my brain.  That’s what you get for rape.”
“I could have shot you already.  Could have got you through the wall when you fired around the corner.”  He heard movement as Rico changed his position.  “They’d make me fill out a ton of paper work, though.  It’s more trouble than it’s worth.”  It was a lie.  The walls were plaster in these old buildings and his nine millimeter hollow points wouldn’t penetrate that effectively.
“If you go up on rape, you could be out on probation in five, six years.  A tough guy like you can fight off the faggots.  Three years of free room and board sure beats swinging on a rope.”
There was movement in the other room.
“I ain’t swinging on no rope because you ain’t taking me in.”
“Guess you’re thinking of going out the window, aren’t you.  Won’t work.  My man has called for backup and he’s down on the ground waiting for you.  You aren’t going anywhere.  We’ll just wait you out. Come on out.  Live another day.”
“It wasn’t no rape - that bitch wanted it.  She wanted it rough and she changed her mind after.  She was afraid her mama would be mad.”
“You think you’ve got a new story there?”
“I ain’t lying.”
“I didn’t say you were.  You got screwed.  You thought you were screwing her and she screwed you.  It’s an old story, an old trick.  That’s not important right now.  What’s important is not making it worse.”
There was more movement from the other room.  It sounded like Rico had sat on the bed.
“I don’t want to go to no jail.”
“You’ll go to trial first, you’ll get to tell your side.”
“They won’t listen to me.  They’ll listen to her.”
Grippa knew he had him; the kid was talking more than fighting.
“You’re probably right, but at least you’ll have a chance.  That’s better than you’ll get if you shoot somebody.”
“Why is she doing this to me?  We were – good.  She was real, and then . . ..”
Grippa began moving toward the doorway.  “Women have got all the power,” he said.  He spoke as he moved.  “They pull all the strings.  Some of them just like yanking you around for the fun of it.  You’re learning it the hard way.”
Grippa thought back to his own wife.  She took the kid, the house, and most of his money for seventeen years.  She had cheated on him and she walked away with everything.
Grippa heard a sound.  He listened.  There was a clunk, as though something had hit the floor.  He knew the sound – or thought he did.  He hoped he wasn’t wrong.  Grippa stepped quickly into the doorway pointing his gun.  Rico sat on the bed, his face in his hands, sobbing, the gun on the floor.   The poor bastard was going to jail.

* * *

Simms climbed into the passenger seat beside Grippa.
“We should take that turd in ourselves,”  he said.
“You all that anxious to get back and start the paperwork?”
Simms grunted.  “Guess not.”
Grippa had cuffed Rico, read him his rights, and handed him off to a pair of uniformed officers.  They would bring him in.
 “There’s something I want to check out.  That body you found in the river?  The dried up thing?  They finished the forensics on it.  Not only was it a woman, but they got an ID on her.”
“No kidding.  You wouldn’t think they’d find anything on that husk.  What was it?”
“Drivers license – they used chemicals and some kind of light on it.  It came out pretty clear – look.”  Grippa handed him a folder.  “Her name was Lyn Thomson.  Thought we would go over to her address and see why no one called her in missing.  The report says she’s been dead a week.”
“Someone at her address might have something to do with that.”  Simms flipped though the folder.  “Twenty years old; crap, I hate that.  I always wonder what they would have been – a mother, a teacher, maybe a drugged out whore.  Who the hell knows – maybe she would have been a senator.  Now she’s nothing.”
“I know what you mean.”
Grippa started the car and pulled out.  He thought of his own daughter.  She was thirty four now, with a husband and kids.  It had been so many years since he had seen her.  The call this morning was supposed to have changed that.  It did change things a little.  He had sat in front of the phone with butterflies in his stomach for ten minutes before he called.  It was funny; calling his own daughter made him more nervous than bringing in Rico. 
Grippa had sat there in front of the phone, his palms sweating, thinking about what he would say.  Twenty four years – he knew nothing about her.  She had grown up and built a life.   Did she hate him, after all these years?  Why had she never tried to contact him?  But there was a chance – always a chance.  The chance fueled his hope.  He dialed the phone and listened.  The receiver in his hand was slippery with sweat.  The phone on the other end was ringing.  What if her husband answered?  Tony would ask for her.  What if the husband asked who he was?  He hadn’t thought of that.  He decided to hang up and figure it out, but before he could, the phone was picked up.
“Hello?”
It was a woman.
“Lindsey . . . “  It has to be her, he thought, keep going.  “It’s Tony Grippa – your Dad.”  
He waited for a reply, but there was silence.  Was she waiting for him to say more?  Finally, she spoke.
“I never had one of those.”
A swirl of thoughts passed through his mind.  “It’s been a long time,” he said, “I thought we could talk.”
“What could I possibly have to say to you?”
“It’s been twenty four years, and you have nothing to say to your father?”  He didn’t mean to say it that way.  It just came out.
“No, I don’t.  Why don’t you try waiting another twenty four?”  and she hung up the phone.
Grippa blinked.  He almost laughed.   His daughter was clever – cruel but clever.  He had forgotten how smart she was.  And she didn’t want anything to do with him.  Damn.  He had done nothing to that girl to make her hate him.  It was her mother.  What had she told their daughter to make her hate him?  How had she changed the truth?  God only knew.  He had made the call and now things were worse.  Simms interrupted Grippa’s thoughts, bringing him back to the present.
“You’re pretty quiet.” Simms said, glancing over at Grippa in the driver’s seat.
“I was thinking about this murder,” he lied.
Simms gave him a long look but didn’t say anything.
They pulled up in front of an apartment building.  It was an old Victorian that had been converted to separate units.  They knocked on the third floor door and a young woman answered.
“Yes?”  She seemed surprised to find two suited men at her door.
“Hello, I’m detective Grippa and this is detective Simms from the Manchester Police Department.  Are you a current resident here?”  Grippa could see a young man sitting inside.
“Yes,” she said, cautiously.
“We’d like to ask you a few questions, if you have a moment.” 
“I guess so,” she answered.
“Could we come in?”
The young man stood up.
“Do you have some kind of identification?” the woman asked.
“Yes, I’m glad you asked,” he said as they both produced their badges.  “It’s good to be cautious.”  They showed their badges and the girl let them in.
“Do either of you know a woman named Lyn Thomson?”
“Of course, that’s me.”
Grippa’s eyebrows went up.  He and Simms looked at each other.  “That’s you?” he said, before he could catch himself.  The photo on the ID from the body hadn’t come through the restoration process at all.  There was a blotch on the reproduction, where the photo should have been.
“Do you have your driver’s license?”
“Sure.”
Lyn produced it immediately, from her pocket.
“You don’t keep that in a purse,” Grippa observed.
“I’ve been caught without it too many times,” she said, “Now I just put it in my pocket in the morning and don’t worry about it.  Why?”
“Just an observation.  One of the curses of being a detective.”  She had pulled the license from her front left pocket; the same pocket where it had been found on the body.  He looked at it and then opened the folder he was carrying, to compare.
“They match,” Simms said, peering at the open folder, “all except the picture.”  
“Is this a replacement for one you lost recently?” Grippa asked.
Lyn looked from one man to the other.  “This is kind of weird.  Could I ask what it’s all about?”
Grippa paused, as if deciding before he spoke.  “A woman’s body was found in the Merrimack River last week – she was murdered and she had a copy of your driver’s license with her.”
“My license . . .”  Lyn put her hand to her mouth.  She glanced at the young man who was standing nearby and then back to detective Grippa.  “How . . who was she?”
“We don’t know.  Actually, we thought she was you.  That’s why we came here.  It’s obviously wrong.  Has anyone you know, friends or family, gone missing in the last few weeks?  Maybe not turned up when they were supposed to?”
“No,” Lyn said, shaking her head.
Grippa looked at the young man.  “Are you a close friend of Miss Thomson?”
 “Tom Brooks,” he said, stepping forward, studying the men with a stern face.  “I live downstairs.”
Grippa noticed something in the way he moved, the way he responded.  “You’ve spent time in the military?”
“It’s that obvious?  Yes, until about month ago.”
“Honorable discharge?”
“General.” 
“I see.”  Grippa saw something pass across the kid’s face.  “Do you know of anyone who’s gone missing?”
“No, I don’t.”
Grippa wondered if the kid would volunteer any information if he had it.  He turned back to the woman.  “The date on your license shows that it’s been renewed recently, Miss Thomson.  Do you remember what you did with the old one?”
“I cut it up and threw it away.  My uncle told me to.”
“Well, somehow this woman got hold of a copy of your driver’s license and she had it in her pocket when she died.  Has anyone made a photocopy of your license, that you can remember?  Maybe as part of some application process?”
The girl made a helpless gesture and shook her head.  “I can’t remember.  No – I don’t think so.”
“Have you gotten any strange credit card bills or phone bills?  Something that you don’t remember buying?”
“No, nothing like that.”
Detective Grippa was silent for a moment.  “Could I ask a personal question?”
“I - I’ll help however I can.”
“Thank you.  Is Mister Brooks your boyfriend?”
“Oh –,” she glanced at Tom and then back.  “No - we’re . . .  friends.”
“I see.  Do you have a steady boyfriend?”
“I guess that would be Axel.”
Grippa saw the young man’s jaw tighten.
“I’ll need his address and phone number.  Would it be possible to get a look at your birth certificate?  It’s just routine – two forms of identification.”
“My birth certificate?  I don’t know.  It might be in a box in the attic.  Is it important?”
“We need to establish your identity with at least two pieces of identification for the record.  A birth certificate is the least controversial.  If you could dig that up in the next few days, it will help get us closer to finding who it was we fished out of  the river.”
“This is all kind of scary.”
“I can understand that, but it shouldn’t have any repercussions on you.  If you could get me that birth certificate it will help.”  Lyn gave him Axel’s address and phone number and Grippa wrote it down.  “We’re all done here,” he said, tucking his notebook into his pocket and turning to his partner.  “Let’s get out of these nice folks hair, Rodge.”
Roger Simms nodded.  “Have a nice day,” he said.
“Oh, just out of curiosity,” Grippa said, turning back to Lyn.  “The dead woman had a dental crown – a temporary one.  Do you have anything like that, Miss Thomson – a ceramic crown?”
“Nope – I don’t even have any fillings.”
“No dental work at all?”
“I’ve got hard teeth.  It runs in the family.”
“You’re lucky.  Well, I want to thank both of you for your help, and if you think of anything else, please give us a call, either myself or Detective Simms.”  He handed Lyn his card.
“Detective,” Lyn asked, “what do you think happened to the woman?  Why would she have my driver’s license?”
“It’s hard to say.  At a guess, I’d say she was involved in some kind of identity theft.  Chances are, you’ll be getting some strange bills over the next month.  If you do, give one of us a call.  Why was she murdered?”  He shrugged.  “She got involved with the wrong people, drugs, burglary, who knows.  She might have been murdered to cover a rape.  We’ll find out, but it will take some time.” 
He didn’t tell her how the girl was stabbed through the heart and dried out like a piece of beef jerky.  Those things wouldn’t put her at ease.  He took one last glance at the young man.   That one could stand checking – Tom Brooks.  The detectives said goodbye.

* * *

Lyn and Tom talked, after the police left.  Tom had a patient ear and Lyn felt good about that.  He was so different from Axel; of course most guys were.  Axel was outgoing and strong and so good looking it made her want to scream.  There were times when he did make her scream, but that wasn’t everything.  He was so damned two dimensional.  His life revolved around his motorcycle and bars.  She saw nothing wrong with having a man like that in her life for a short time; a man who could make her feel like she had grabbed the brass ring, at least in the virility department.  Every woman should have a fling like that in her life.  It would be something to look back on from the comfort and safety of a marriage someday with the man she loved.  She always knew her time with Axel would be short.
Tom was handsome in a reserved way and he was fascinating to talk to; so quick.  Being with him was comfortable and Lyn wondered if he might be the one.  There was a lot of common ground, she was studying to be a nurse; he wanted to be a doctor.  He probably had the brains to make it.  If only he could get the money together.  Lyn tried to explain to Tom her uneasy feelings about the detective’s visit.
“That murder - it scares me.  The woman was pretending to be me and she’s dead.  Maybe it was supposed to be me.  Maybe the guy who killed her knows her by my name, knows my address.”
The way Tom looked, she knew he was thinking about what she said.  She loved it.  So different from Axel who’s every thought and movement was aimed at getting her in the sack.
“If you’re worried,” he said, “dwelling on it is only going to make it worse.  How about a change of atmosphere - music, food, people?  It won’t change reality but it can change the way you look at it.  Let me take you to The Quaker.”  
Lyn’s world brightened, but she was wary.  This might be his own way of to getting her into bed.  If it was, she would drop him like a rock.  He was strong and smart, though, and she would feel safe.  Lyn smiled.
“That’s a good idea,” she said, and she almost asked if this was a date.  She didn’t, though, because she knew that depended on how they said goodnight.

* * *

They pulled into a parking space two blocks from The Quaker.  Tom had heard it was a melting pot, full of all types of people from politicians to bikers, businessmen to reporters.  It was a popular spot and it was tough to find a close space.  They parked and walked though an alley toward the restaurant.  Something rustled in the half-light ahead of them.  A homeless man stepped up out of a stairwell as they approached, a wino.  He stopped and hunched over the railing around the stairs.  The man glared at them as they came closer and Tom didn’t like it.
“Old Charlie’s comin’,” he said when they were near.  Strings of spit connected his lips and he wiped his mouth with his sleeve.  Tom ignored the disjointed remark but Lyn answered.
“Who’s Charlie?” she asked.
The man’s hand flicked out, quick as a frog’s tongue, and wrapped around her wrist.  Lyn let out a gasp and tried to pull away, but the wino held tight.  “Old Charlie’s comin’,” he said, his eyes alive with excitement, “and he wants to lick your spleen!”  His spittle sprayed and Lyn turned her head away with a cry.
“Hey,” Tom shouted, breaking the man’s hold and shoving him away.  The man stumbled back against the railing.  Tom hurried Lyn down the alley, but the man shouted after them, “He’s gonna splitcha wide - just like that woman in the river.” 
Tom felt Lyn’s body stiffen.
“No,” Tom said, “come on,” but she turned to look back anyway.  The man was disappearing into the darkness of the alley.
“How did he know . . . ?”
“He didn’t.  We heard wrong.”  But Lyn burst into tears.  A couple came out through the restaurant doors, laughing and holding hands.  They saw Lyn crying in Tom’s arms and they hushed as they walked by.
“I’m s-s-sorry,” Lyn sobbed, wiping her tears.
“You know, it’s probably on the news by now.  He heard it on the radio.”
Lyn sniffled.  “What an awful man.”
“His brain is fried.  I’ll bet he says those things to all the girls.”
Lyn laughed through her tears.  “He won’t get many dates that way.”
Tom smiled as she rubbed her eyes.
“Do you still want to go in?” he asked.
“We came all the way here - give me a minute.”  She dried her eyes and blew her nose.  “I must look like a mess,” she said with a laugh.
Tom didn’t think so and he told her as much.
She smiled and tucked her Kleenex away.  “Okay.”
They went into the restaurant, together.
15

Axel sat with some biker buddies as the music thumped and the waitresses hustled the beer out to the customers.  Empty bottles littered the table, collecting there faster than the women could pick them up.  Axel’s bike was parked with the others in the lineup out front.  His Harley was the best part of his life and he thanked Uncle George for dying and leaving it to him every time he slid his butt onto the seat.  Uncle George had made his living as a plumber.  His heart seized up one day while laying on his back under a grease trap.  Sometimes Axel missed him, but all in all, it was a good trade.
There was a hot blonde near the bar, dressed conservative-sexy.  She was talking to some business types - old distinguished guys.  It was the after work crowd.  That’s what he liked about this place.  It was the crossroads of the classes.  It’s what this place was famous for.  He watched the business babe for a moment and got what he was waiting for; she glanced over.  The blonde had been stealing looks at him for a while now and this time they locked eyes.  He held her with a grin.  A sly smile sprouted on her face before she broke their gaze, turning away toward one of the old guys, pretending to listen and laugh.  She nodded at something the guy said, then took another quick peek in Axel's direction.
 Axel had bumped a number of professional women from this bar.  They came in after work to wind down and got all tingly when the rustic biker made eyes at them.  He was the wild side they dreamed of; the opposite of their dull jobs.  They almost always said yes to a ride on his bike.  The wind in their face, the rumble of the bike under their ass, the feel of his back against their breasts; what came after that was a given.   This girl tonight would be easy.  He would belly up to the bar.  She would turn, feeling his heat.  He knew she would feel it, because he could feel hers from here.  He would say a few words and tickle her funny bone.  They would talk, they would ride.  He would take her home and fuck her.  Axel stood up and moved toward the bar.
A voice cut in from the side.  “Hey Axel, buddy.  How’s it hangin’?”
It took a moment to register the face - a guy named Flick.
“You got any?” Flick asked, with a sniff.
“Yeah, man - I’ll get with you in a minute.  Let me get a drink,” he said and turned away.  It would be a long minute; there were more interesting things happening.
He slipped past the blonde, close enough to smell her perfume.  Her head turned a little.  He leaned against the bar, eyes forward, but his senses were on the woman.  He felt her turn toward him, felt the sexual attraction. 
“Having a good night?” he asked with a grin.  He didn’t have to be clever; she had swallowed the hook and was swimming toward the boat.  Something caught his eye from the back of the room and Axel turned his head.  It was Lyn, she was with someone – shit, she was with Tom.  The bastard was walking her through the crowd with his hand on her back.  He must have told her about Tina.  Flick was on the far end of the room, waving like a school girl, thinking Axel was looking for him.
Axel glanced back at his new woman.  She had stiffened up.  He felt her grow suddenly cold as she saw the burnt side of his face.  He reached up to touch the raw welt running down his check as the woman turned away.
“Hey, honey –” She buried herself in a clump of friends and pretended to be enthralled with their conversation.  Axel stepped up behind her.  “Hey,” he said.  He felt the cold rejection and he stood there feeling like an ass.  Some of her friends looked at his scarred face and turned to whisper.  It had never happened like this before.   Axel turned away, pissed, humiliated and stalked toward the door.  He was almost there when he passed near the table where Flick sat, waving like a dork.   Axel considered pounding his face.
"Hey Axe, I’ve got something."
What did he mean, he had something?  Axel was about to pass him buy when he remembered; the only thing waiting at home was Tina.  She was too fat to screw now anyway.
“What?” Axel spat, his anger obvious.
“Jesus – what’s with you?”
“You ruined my chances with that bitch back there.”
“Hey, sorry man.  I wouldn’t have bothered you, if I knew.”
Axel flopped in a chair.  “Ah – it wasn’t you.  I don’t think she liked the burn on my face.”  He ran his fingers along the raised fold.  It hurt, but the pain offset the anger.  “I’ll have to get some face surgeon to scrape it off,” he said.  Lyn and Tom had disappeared into the dining room.
“Yeah,” Flick said.  He didn’t think any surgeon could take that scar away, but he plugged his mouth with his beer bottle before he could say anything worse.  “Listen,” he said, putting the bottle aside, “I'm running a little low on that spliff.  You think you could fix me up?"
"That’s what you want?  It’s all gone."  Axel was thinking he might do some shots and then confront Lyn and asshole Tom.  He should have seen this coming.  The night was a total bust.  Flick wanted more of his special snort.  Axel didn’t want to be a dealer.
Spliff was a name that Axel had slapped on the drug like a sticky tag; a spur of the moment thing.  It was a word he had heard as a kid, somewhere, and it seemed to fit.  Earlier that spring, a couple of idiots at work had told Axel they were snorting zoom.  They swore it was great stuff.  Axel wasn't much for drugs, but he listened and laughed along.  After a while, he decided to try a small bit.  The high wasn’t bad.  It took a while to kick in, but, unlike cocaine, it lasted - and there was plenty of the stuff piled up in the zoom room.  Back then, there was no lock on the door.  Axel stopped by and scooped up a bag of the stuff.  Jackson and Stig were there, screwing off, avoiding work and snorting lines.  He had zipped up the bag and was walking up the hall, when there were footsteps from the stairs.  On instinct, he ducked into a side room.  Sure enough, it was Vince.  The boss caught Jackson and Stig laughing and getting high, having a regular old party.  Stig had a wife and brand new kid and Jackson had a whopping credit card bill, but Vince fired them on the spot.  It’s a tough old world.
Axel heard most of it from up the hall, but he didn't stick around to listen for long.  He stole out of the side room and up the stairs while Stig was pleading for his job.  It had been a close call.  Axel had always been lucky that way.  Besides, those guys were just plain dumb-asses.  Only the fittest survive.
Axel had been dating a coke head girl at the time, hair down to her ass.  She was part of what inspired him to try snorting the zoom in the first place.  When he mixed the chemicals and snorted lines off her belly, it was an amazing high.  The coke gave its classic instant punch and the zoom made it last.  He gave out samples to girls he met, to loosen them up, and he gave some to a few special friends.  Flick wasn't one of them; he was more of an accident.  They met one day when he rode his bike over to pick up Lyn.  She was the new girl then.  Flick saw the Harley and got a boner over it.  They talked for a while and did a few lines, while Axel waited for Lyn to come down.
"Wow, what is this shit?" Flick had asked, squeezing his nose.  That's when the name leaped out of Axel's childhood.
"It’s spliff," and he sold the rest of the baggy to him.  It seemed like a good idea, at the time.  He knew Lyn wasn't into that kind of thing and it was kind of a risk riding around with it anyway.  Now he had cash to spend.
 “Saw your girlfriend,” said Flick, pulling Axel back to the present.  “Guess you’re not together anymore.”
Axel’s jaw clenched.  He felt like punching Flick for the second time that night, but he held it back.
"Yeah,” he said, “she's all fucked out.”
Flick cackled.  “They get that way, don’t they?"  Then he blurted, "She's got some left for my roommate, though."
Axel’s anger flared, but curiosity made him stop. “Your roommate?"
"Yeah."
" Friend of yours?"
"No, he's a pain in the ass.  Always wants to be pals."
Axel leaned back in his chair and took a long drink from his beer.  His eyes wandered to the dining room door.
"I know some people in Rhode Island," Flick said.  "They'd buy as much spliff off you as you could get together."
"You know people?  Buyers?" Axel asked.
"Friends of friends."
"They have money?"
"They are at the top of the food chain, man."
Axel looked down at his beer, but his mind was on the couple just beyond the door.  He was getting an idea.
"Maybe we can do something."  Axel had no interest in small time drug dealing, but this was different.  The small guys who sold shit every day got caught.  They were dumb, like Jackson and Stig.  If he was going to sell some, it would have to be big and he would do it once - maybe twice.  He wanted it short and sweet - like sex; in and out, the big bang.  This frigging job he went to every day had gotten old.  It was scary.  He saw the middle aged guys he worked with and wondered if that would be him, sweating over the same job for twenty years, still just making ends meet.  This girl, Tina, was closing the walls in on him.  He had knocked her up and she refused to go away or even get an abortion.  That was her hang-up, not his.  He had made it clear that he wasn't about to get tied down.  She kept moaning that, once he saw the baby she just knew he would fall in love with it and settle down.  And now she was planning to leave her job after she had the kid, as though he was going to support her and a baby too.  She had a surprise coming.  It was time to move on.
"What are you looking for here?" Axel asked.
"What do you mean?  I want to make some money.”
“Percent-wise, I mean.  How do you see this thing divided up?”
“Oh – I want seventy five percent,"  Flick said without hesitation.
Axel snorted.  "Shit, you don’t even have the stuff.  If I supply it, you get forty.  I get sixty."
Flick thumped his bottle on the table.  "It’s my deal.  You haven't got a buyer without me.  I won’t settle for less than sixty."
“You’ve got nothing without the stuff.  You don’t even know what it is.  I know the mix and I’m supplying the ingredients.  I could get my own deal and cut you out but I’m a good guy so I’ll go as far as a fifty-fifty split.  I want you to be the front man with these money people.”  It seemed like a good idea to remain faceless to these dealers.
Flick thought about it - Axel was right, he could probably hunt up his own deal if he wanted and Flick didn’t mind being the front man with the money; that was his ticket to the inside.  The money was only half the score.  Flick wanted access to these guys for the perks and future deals.  "Yeah, I guess fifty-fifty is alright.”
“You’ve got to do something for me, then.”
 “What’s that?” 
"I need something from that roommate of yours."
"Yeah?  What's he got?"  besides your girlfriend, Flick thought, but he was smart enough not to say it.
"A key."
"A key to what?"
"A key to a room."  Hell, it was a key to more than that.  Opportunity was knocking and it was a double header. The money would be phenomenal, but there was more here than just money.  Axel wondered how a criminal record would look on Tom's college entrance application.  Lyn had told him all about Tom's hopes and dreams.  She yakked on and on, as if he gave a shit what she thought about some other guy.  He almost told her as much but he could stand anything if it would get a few more pumps out of her.  Besides, the sports news was on.  Women didn't care what you did, so long as they thought you were listening.  Axel knew how to grunt at the right time.  Sometimes he was amazed at what he actually retained from her rambling.  Tom wanted to go to medical school; he remembered that.  And Tom had fucked him over.  Tom was heading for school, alright, but it wouldn't have anything to do with medicine.  Tom had just enrolled in Axel's school of etiquette.  You don't mess with a guy's hump honey - that's the main rule in this school.  If you break it, the headmaster will flush your life down the toilet.
Axel wondered how Tom would feel when his dreams came crashing down, when his prospects of a great life ended smack against a brick wall.  Maybe he would get depressed and snuff himself.  Axel wouldn't be surprised.  People did that.  Would he go with the noose, sniff the pipe or would it be something more violent?  Axel realized he had a boner.  He gave it a flex  and grinned.  The revenge part was more exciting than the money.
Flick saw a faraway look on his friend’s face.  "What are you thinking, Axe?"
"I'm thinking about our deal.”  He grinned.  “I'm very excited about it."  He extended his hand toward Flick, for a shake.

* * *

The hostess seated Tom and Lyn in a dining room decorated with old-time New England bric-a-brac; a butter churn in the corner, an antique bicycle,  a saw mill blade on the wall, quaint old bottles and baskets.  The lighting was soft and so was the music.  Lyn took her seat with a smile.  She found it comfortable here and the present company had possibilities.
The hostess was attractive and she glanced at Tom appreciatively as he sat down.  Lyn watched to see how he would react.  He gave the hostess no more than a smile and a nod.  That was good.  He was handsome, Lyn thought, not movie star good looks like Axel but close.  He had a strong jaw and an athletic body that made him stand out.
“You seem more relaxed already,” Tom said.
“This was a good idea.”  She said, the light glowing on her face.  “Thanks.”
Tom nodded and picked up a menu.  He asked her a question instead of opening it.  “The other night when we talked, you said something was bothering you.  You weren’t specific; school, bad dreams - ?”
Lyn thought about it all.  It was partly school and partly bad dreams but there was so much more.
“Axel and I are drifting apart,” she said, “or maybe I’m drifting away from him, I don’t know.”  She shook her head.  “It’s always hard when a relationship ends and we’re at the beginning of the end.”  She watched Tom’s face, but couldn’t read it.
“Your uncle doesn’t like him,” he said.  “Doesn’t think he’s good enough for you.”
Lyn pushed her long hair back.  “A lot of women would consider Axel a catch.”
“I guess Sol’s not a typical girl,” he replied.
Lyn laughed but the smile faded.  “That’s the other thing that’s bothering me .  The main thing.  I’m worried about Uncle Sol.  He’s depressed. He won’t let on but I can tell.  He misses Aunt Leeny and there are times when he’s too quiet.”
“It’s understandable.  How long were they married?”
“Sixty years.  Can you imagine?  And suddenly she’s gone.  It must be like losing a part of yourself.”  Her eyes sparkled as she looked at him.  “You’re good for him, you know.  He likes you and it gives him another man to talk to – another veteran.”
“I like him too,” Tom said.  “He’s straightforward, no bullshit.”
“Hey, watch the language,” Lyn said.
“Just speaking my mind, ma’am.” 
Lyn liked that, him speaking his mind.  Perhaps because it was so much like her Uncle Sol.
“And what about you?” she asked.
Tom raised his eyebrows.  “What do you mean?”
“I didn’t come here to whine all night.  Tell me about you.  What’s your biggest concern in life right now?”
“A heavy question,” he said.  “Right now, I’d say it’s us.”
Lyn blinked.
Tom’s smile was almost sheepish.  “When I rented, Sol made me promise to stay away from you.  Now we’re here at dinner together.  He’s very protective.”
“He did that?  Made you promise?” she asked, a bemused look on her face.
Tom nodded.
“Maybe it’s reverse psychology.”
“I hope so.  I don’t want to lose my apartment.”
“If he does get mad, I’ll take the blame.  You know I’m irresistible.”
“Oh, absolutely,” Tom said, feigning a yawn.  Lyn feigned throwing her napkin at him.  Neither of them knew what they had inspired in the next room.

* * *

Lyn held Tom’s hand as they walked around their apartment building toward the outside stairway.  She could feel the electricity they had generated over dinner coursing through their touch.  He had listened to her fears, he had distracted her from them and then made her forget them.  They had laughed together.  They stopped at the foot of the stairs..
“I won’t see you around for a few days,” she told him.  “A friend of mine from high school is having a baby shower.  They live down on Cape Cod now and I’m going to visit.”
“She’s started a family,” Tom said.
“Yes, I’m still in school and she’s already got a husband, a house and a baby.”
“You sound jealous.”
“I am, in a way.  She always wanted this; she loved to play house when we were little.  Now she’s got it.”
“And you loved to play nurse?”
Lyn laughed.  “Actually, I did.  And now I’m going to school for it.”  She took his other hand so she was holding both.  “Did you ever play doctor?”
Tom smiled.  “I did.  I think you start by asking where it hurts.”
Lyn pointed to her lips.  “These are aching.”
Tom leaned in and gave her a quick kiss.  “Better?”
Lyn shook her head.  “No.  It needs something stronger.”
Tom pulled her close and gave a lingering kiss.  
When they parted, Lyn looked into Tom’s eyes.  “It’s been such a perfect night,” she said. “I don’t want it to end.”
He took her hand and they went upstairs together.
16

The next morning, Tom walked into Solero Costas’s apartment.
“Hey, Sol,”  he said, dropping the newspaper on the kitchen table.  Costas was already there in his wheelchair.
“Don’t you ever knock?” Costas asked.
“You invited me.  Remember?”  Tom went to the counter and lifted the frying pan off the drying rack.
“Of course I remember, I’m not senile.  It’s still customary to knock.”
“I didn’t know you were so formal.”
“Forget it.  Just walk in.  It will save an old cripple from opening the door.”  Costas shook his newspaper open.  “Cook the bacon a little longer this time.  It was rubbery yesterday.”
“I don’t take special orders.”
“You were out with Lyn last night.”
Tom stopped in mid motion.  “What gave you that idea?”
“It’s not an idea.  You two went out last night.  I heard you both come in.”
Tom wondered what else Costas heard.  The bedroom window was wide open last night.  “You’ve been spying on the tenants.”  Tom said.
“Just watching out for my niece.  Anyway, you were talking outside my door.  It was hard to miss.”
Tom laughed nervously.  “You didn’t hear anything off color did you?”  
Sol didn’t look up from his paper.  “Lyn was a bit unnerved by that detective yesterday,” he said.
Tom noticed the sudden change in direction.  “She was a little flustered,” he said.  “Did they come by here?”
“They did and they spent quite a bit of time asking questions.”
“Like what?”
“Questions about you and Flick and your comings and goings.”
“About me and Flick?”
“Yes.”
“As though we’re pals?”
“I told him you’re good friends and you’ve robbed banks together in five states.”
Sol was in good humor.  Tom thought he might not be upset about last night.  “I wouldn’t joke with that Grippa guy.  You should have seen the dirty look he gave me.  I think he was looking for an excuse to work me over with a billy club.”
“He sees the criminal in you.  The good ones can.”  Sol turned a page of the newspaper.  “We’re not working today.”
 Tom paused, a strip of bacon swinging in his hand.  “You said we were working.”
“I said you should come down.  I didn’t say we were working.  Since you’re here, you can take me to church.”
“Why would I do that?”
“Because I can’t get there on my own.”
“How do you usually get there?”
“Lyn takes me.”
“She left for Cape Cod an hour ago.”
“That’s why you’re taking me.”
“She didn’t mention any of this last night.”
“Maybe she was – occupied.”
Tom froze up, uncertain of he footing with his landlord.  He was about to bring it out in the open when Costas cut him off.
“I can’t miss church this week and I think you should go too.”
“Why do you think that?”
“Some fear of God might do you some good.  When’s the last time you went to church?”
The bacon hissed as Tom laid it in the frying pan.  “My parents took me when I was a kid.  Maybe nine years.”
“Well, it’s time you went back.  Watch that bacon, don’t fry it to a cinder.”
“You’ll get what comes out of the pan and I have no intention of going to church.”

* * *

Tom pushed Costas’ wheelchair up the aisle of Grace Bible Church.  He had to pause while Costas greeted people and introduced him as ‘Lyn’s friend’.  There were ‘ohs’ and knowing looks.  Tom was forced to shake hands, awkwardly
“Sol, stop it,” Tom whispered in Costas’ ear.  “They think we’re engaged or something.”
“I can’t help what they think,” he replied, “I’m just telling it like it is.  Take me up there for a minute,” he said, pointing to the dais.
“Why up there?” Tom began pushing.
“Just for a minute.”  When they were on the stage, a man stepped forward and clipped a wireless mic on Costas’ collar.
“What are you, the preacher?” Tom asked, peering close at the device.  His voice echoed through the church raising a titter in the congregation.
“I guess it’s working,” Costas said, his voice broadcasting as well until he shut the mic off.  “I’m not the pastor, I’m just helping out today.  Have a seat and enjoy the sermon.”
Tom looked up to see everyone smiling at his confusion.  He slinked off the stage to find a seat.  Costas turned the mic back on and began to speak to the congregation.
“I’d like to welcome everyone else to Grace Bible Church as well,” Costas said.  “Pastor Fitz is away today, I’m Solero Costas as most of you know and I’m filling in.  I hope that doesn’t scare anyone away.  Let’s start with a prayer.”
Costas pushed out a gruff prayer and the choir led them in ‘How Great Thou Art’, a plodding but powerful hymn that Tom recognized from his childhood.  He decided that church hadn’t changed much since he was a kid.  Costas began his sermon without preamble and Tom wondered how long it would go on.
 “Before God created the earth, and long before he made man, he created the angels.  In Genesis when God made the light, he looked at it and he said that it was good.  When he made the earth, he looked at it and he said that it, too, was good.  God created all of the universe and when he was finished, he looked at what he had made and he said that it was – not just good, the bible says, but very good.  He created a perfect universe.”  Costas paused to look around the room.  “Didn’t God create Satan?” he asked.  He let that sink in for a moment.  “Didn’t he create the father of hate, lust, pestilence, deceit, murder, rape and war?  Do any of those things seem good?”  Costas paused here, for the congregation to consider.

* * *

Flick wiggled his bare toes in the carpet.  It was a sunny morning and he could already hear the cicadas buzzing away through the screen windows.  It was a good day to screw off.  Flick went to the fridge and picked out a lucky beer.  There were five more lucky beers in there and they might get him through the morning.  He would need to hit the store later for afternoon beer.
Tom wasn’t there.  Flick figured he was probably downstairs with Costas but he didn’t hear the same banging they made yesterday morning.  He walked out on the balcony and looked down.  Costas car was gone, but Tom’s car was still there.  Could they have left together?  Maybe Tom was with Lyn.  He could be upstairs humping her right now.  That’s where I would be, Flick thought.  Tom wasn’t in the apartment, in any case, and that was good.
Flick walked down the hallway and stopped outside his roommate’s bedroom door, standing quietly in his boxer shorts, head cocked, beer in hand.  There was no sound at all; no humping here.  It was as though he was alone in the building.  Flick took a swallow of beer, pushed the door open and stepped into Tom’s room.  It smelled like clean sheets.  The bed was made and a pair of jeans were thrown across it.  There were some papers on the dresser, a folded Kleenex, and a dog-eared paperback.  Flick wondered where Tom kept his keys.  If he was out, Flick figured he would probably have his keys with him.  But not necessarily this key.  He spotted a little bowl near the paperback and went for that.  He was encouraged by what he found;  pocket stuff.  There was loose change, a pack of gum and, yes, eight keys on a ring.  Flick held them up.  Axel had told him what to look for; a key engraved with SB2 and one more, a skinny Toyota key.  Those old junkers had separate trunk keys.  Flick didn’t know why Axel wanted it but he had been very specific. 
He slipped them off the ring and dropped them into his pocket.  The others went back in the bowl.  Tom might miss the two soon, or he might not.  It didn’t matter.  Axel only needed a single day to do his thing.  By the time Tom reported the key missing and his boss changed the lock, Axel would have what they needed.  Flick felt good.  This was his key to the big time.  The money men would make him an insider after this - girls and cars and bars - oh my.
Flick looked down at all of the drawers in the dresser and wondered if there was anything else interesting here.  He opened a drawer.  It was jumbled with stuff that peaked his interest so much he absently set his bottle down half on the paperback.  It tipped over with a ‘clink’ and Flick fumbled to set it upright.  A bit of beer had pissed out of the bottle but it was about empty anyway.  Close one, he thought.  He looked in the drawer and found a belt, some work gloves, a big felt marker, some suntan lotion and a tube of Chap-stick.  A couple more paperbacks were stuffed into the back of the drawer.  He closed it and opened another.  This one was stuffed with socks and underwear; nothing good.  He was about to shut it when he saw the glint of something metallic.

* * *

Sol’s eyes bored into the congregation.  “Satan was created with the capacity for good and the capacity for evil and that is what we have in common with him, folks, we have free will.  That’s what free will is; each man’s struggle to choose between right and wrong. Each day we struggle with the questions in our heart, should I pay the toll or run it?  Should I tell the clerk she gave me the wrong change?  Should I shop lift the shirt?  Should I embezzle the money?  Should I commit fornication?”  Tom felt Costas’ eyes boring into him.

* * *

The metallic thing was poking out from underneath Tom’s T-shirts and Flick wondered what he could be keeping in there.  He reached down and cleared the cloth away.  It was that knife, that bitching knife - buried in Tom’s underwear drawer.  Flick took it out.  The steel felt good in his hand.  He remembered the cut it had given him and a fine, clear sensation tightened in is body.  The blade was sharp and mean.  This knife was meant to cut flesh - using it would feel good.  He wondered . . ..  Flick opened his palm and pressed the sharp edge against it.  Yes, he was right, it felt clean.  He needed to try it – just a little.

* * *

“Satan made a choice,” Costas said.  “He made a decision.  He deemed himself a God and he tried to set up his own throne in Heaven.  It tells us what happened in Revelation, ‘And there was war in Heaven: Michael and his angels fought against the dragon and . . . he was cast out into the earth, and his angels were cast out with him’.”  Costas looked up from his bible.  “There are consequences for our wrong choices,” he said in a strong voice.  Tom could swear Costas was looking right at him again.  He wondered what kind of consequences Costas had in mind.

* * *

Flick drew the knife across his palm, slicing the flesh in a long, straight line.  Something in him sang like a guitar string.  His blood oozed up and he turned the blade to smear blood across the metal.  A faint sound came from the knife and it actually seemed to absorb the blood.  Flick moaned and clenched the blade in his hand.  He saw thin red lines twisting around the handle, glowing with an inner fire.  He peered closer.  The lines formed a shape; the outline of a snake coiled around the handle.  The glow grew brighter as he bled.  Flick closed his eyes and moaned again.

* * *

Tom considered leaving, he didn’t need to take this, but he didn’t want to give Costas the satisfaction of getting under his skin. 
“Our world is an imperfect place,” Costas went on.  “I heard one pastor explain it.  He compared it to the game of pool.  When God takes a shot he never misses, the ball goes straight into the hole.  But our shots, they take off in cockeyed directions knocking other balls around the table, compounding our errors into chaos until it encompasses the world.  It spirals outward into misunderstanding and anger and disease and hatred, pouring into the world until the earth itself is a poisoned pit of turmoil.  We have problems because we are not good shots in the pool game of life.  Our own wrong choices cause the evil in the world.  We choose wrong time and time again for ‘Wide is the gate and broad is the path that leads to destruction,’ Matthew seven-thirteen.  
“Next time tragedy strikes, don’t blame God for your problems.  Instead, thank him for what he did to save us from ourselves.”  He pointed to cross.  Tom saw what was below it and let out an internal groan; it was a communion table set up with bread and juice and it would add twenty minutes to the service.  He had never liked communion as a kid.  It made him feel guilty.  He remembered people weeping, stumbling their way to the front of the church.  As a kid he wondered if he was worthy of the ceremony, not being a weeper.  He remembered people waving their hands during hymns or shouting ‘yes, amen’ during a prayer.  Sol continued the sermon but Tom was unable to keep his mind on it.  Finally, he launched  into the communion ceremony.  He quoted from the bible, “For he that eateth and drinketh unworthily, eateth and drinketh damnation to himself . . .”
Tom rolled his eyes and refused to be forced into guilt.  At nineteen, he knew that it was just a ceremony and he could pass on it if he wanted.  But as the tray came closer, the old feeling of awkwardness returned.  The Bread was passed up the row.  It was coming toward him.  Tom suddenly resented the church and it’s pushy attitudes, making him feel like an insecure nine year old again.  Sol quoted from the bible.
“For there must be also heresies among you, that they which are approved may be made manifest among you.”
The bread was held out to Tom.  He reached for the tray, still deciding whether to eat or just pass it on.  He grasped it and pain stabbed his hand making him jerk back, with a shout.  The tray clanged to the floor, ringing, cutting through the quiet of the church.  Heads turned, the bread bounced under a pew and the tray spun crazily.  Tom clutched his hand to stop the pain, turning his palm over to look, thinking there must have been something sharp that pierced his skin.  He looked at his palm and saw the marks there, worse than before; this time they were clear – it was in the shape of a snake.
A woman shrieked behind him.  “He has the mark.”
Tom turned.  The woman pointed at him and shouted again, “He has the mark of the beast.”
Everyone turned to look, some gaping.  The pain throbbed deep in his hand.  One mother pulled her child close.
“No, it’s just -”  Tom searched for words.  What was it?  . . . the mark of the beast.  The pain throbbed across his hand.  Tom stood up, took a step and stumbled on the communion tray.  “Excuse me, I -,” Tom pushed past people into the aisle.  “I - I’ve got to – excuse me.”  He hurried up the aisle toward the doors.
“Wait –,” someone said feebly, a stranger’s voice.
“Tom,” Sol called out. room
Tom pushed the door open and hurried out onto the sidewalk, overstepping the curb.  He stumbled into the street and a car screeched its tires.  Tom jumped back.  The driver threw his hands in the air and drove off.
The pain in his hand was subsiding, now as though being outside of the church helped.  He looked and was startled to see the nettle mark had sharpened.  The snake was clearer than ever, twisting across his palm, its jaws wide.
The church door opened slowly and Costas rolled out.  “You alright?” he asked.
“Fine,” Tom dropped his hand to his side and paced the sidewalk, walking off the last of the pain. “Just needed some air.  Shouldn’t you be inside doing communion?”
“The deacons can handle it.  I wanted to check on you.  That was a big ruckus just for some air.”  He rolled closer.  “What have you got there?” he asked, indicating the hand that Tom was cradling absently.  
“The mark of the beast,” Tom said, letting go and letting his hand fall to his side.
“Mrs. Tidmyer gets over exuberant sometimes.  What happened?  Did you hurt your hand?”
“It’s that nettle sting I got at the apartment.”
 “That hasn’t healed yet?”
Tom shrugged.  “It was starting to but . . .”
Costas was at his side now.  “Show me.”
Tom held his hand up and opened it.
“Holy crow . . .  where did you get this?” Costas asked.  “Is that a tattoo?”
“No,” Tom said, pulling his arm free.   It’s from those nettles.  It looked sort of like a snake until today.  Then I touched that plate . . .”
“What plate?”
“The communion plate.”
“Show me again.”
“Why?”
“I’ll tell you when I see it.”
Tom showed him.
“Fascinating,” Costas said.  “This really happened when you touched the communion plate?”
“It stung - like the nettles.” Tom pulled his hand away again.  “Why you wanted to see it?”
 “I can’t tell you, I need to show you.  Take me home.”
“Fine.  I’m ready to get out of here anyway.”  

* * *

Sol refused to talk about it on the way home.  They pulled into the driveway and he showed Tom into a room in his apartment where the shelves reached up to the ceiling.  The top shelves were empty, but there were books stacked on the floor so thick there was little room for the wheelchair.  A long table ran down one side, cluttered with books.  Costas saw Tom looking up at the empty shelves.
“Can’t reach up there anymore,” he said.  “Lyn pulled those books down so I could use them.”
Tom looked at the titles on the bindings.
“This doesn’t look like your average study.”
“It’s my research room.  It’s how I relax.”
“Aramaic Inscriptions of Syria,” Tom read from one binding, “Heraclitus – Text and Translation.  What the heck are you researching here?”  He pointed at some scraps.  “And what language is that?  It’s in an alphabet I’ve never seen before.”
“Aramaic.  Dead sea scrolls.”
 “You’re translating the Dead Sea Scrolls?”
“Of course not, that’s pretty much done.  Those are scraps of a scroll that crumbled beyond repair.  They were sent out to at least forty other translators.  They like to get a consensus.”
“How do you know this stuff?  I thought you were some jamoke with a hammer.”
“Mostly, I am.  After the war I went to seminary school.  Got sidetracked by ancient languages.  Never got the degree but I did earn a reputation as translator.”  Costas changed the subject.  “Have you heard of the Apocrypha?”
“No, what’s that?” Tom asked.
“’Apocrypha’ is a Greek word that means ‘hidden things’.  It’s the books of the bible that didn’t make it into the final printing, purposely left out for one reason or another.  Some of them were in earlier versions of the bible but they’re not included in the popular versions we use now.  Still, they have a huge influence on our culture.  They gave us a lot of ideas we have about Heaven and Hell.  
“Like what?”
“Like Hell being under the ground or people becoming angels after they die.  You’ll see that in books, movies, art.  Shakespeare is rife with references to the apocrypha, Rembrandt painted scenes from it.  It pervades our lives and people have no idea.  I’m writing a book on it with Pastor Fitz.”
“Who?”
“The man I was filling in for at church.  It’s given me the opportunity to stumble across things like this,” he said, thumping a large book down on the table.
“What is it?”
“The book of Azael.  You might call it the Apocrypha’s Apocrypha.  It’s way out there, presents ideas about Heaven and angels that would curl a priests hair.”
“You said Azael?”
“Yes, he’s pretty much Satan,” Sol said, opening the book.  “It tells about his antics leading up to the fall when he was cast out of Heaven.  It’s written by a cult that worshiped him.”
“I’ve heard that name before.”
“I thought you’d never heard of the Apocrypha.”
“I heard the name Azael . . .”  in a dream?  A trance?  What was it?  “from a fortune teller.”
“That sounds like a story worth hearing.”
Tom shrugged.  “She was more like a Jamaican voodoo lady.  She put me in a trance and I saw something.  It looked like a man only bigger and tougher – and darker.  He told me his name was Azael and that he would find me when it was time.  There was a dagger that looked like the one I found in your yard.”
Costas looked at him with interest.  “You saw this while you were in a trance?  It was a vision?”
Tom shrugged.  “If that’s what you call it.”
“And you’d never heard the name ‘Azael’ before that?”
“No.  It’s kind of weird.”
“Tell me exactly what you saw in this vision,” Costas said with an intensity that surprised Tom.  “Tell it and don’t leave anything out..”
Tom told him everything as closely as he could recall it.
 “He said this place was your heart?” Costas asked when Tom was done.
“My secret heart.”
 Costas had been flipping pages in the book of Azael.  Now he pushed the book forward.
“Take a look at this.”  It showed a drawing of a man holding a dagger high like a talisman, light beams emanating from it.  A demonic creature cowered in front of him.
“What’s this a drawing of?”
“It might be a drawing of you.”
Tom laughed.  “I doubt it.  Really, what is it?”
“He’s called the arbiter.”  Costas pulled the book close and flipped some pages.  “He’s identified by this mark.”  He shoved the book back toward Tom again.  It was a drawing of a snake that looked remarkably like the image on Tom’s hand.  Tom looked back and forth between it and his hand.
“That drawing is over two thousand years old,” Costas said.
“Heck of a coincidence,” Tom replied.  “What’s the trick?”
“No trick.   The arbiter will be unencumbered by the will of God.  That warrior of light you saw die?  That was the holy spirit - yours anyway.   You may be the next arbiter.”
“Great.  Are there any perks with the job?”
“He decides the fate of the world.”
Tom flipped back to the drawing of the man with the dagger and looked at it.  “Well, it’s something to put on my resume.  What does ‘deciding the fate of the world’ involve?”
“According to the book of Azael, every two thousand years the world is up for grabs.  It’s an agreement between God and the fallen angels, the ones that he threw out of Heaven.  That first war wiped out most of mankind, which was a large part of what they were fighting over.  In order to avoid that happening again,  they came up with the arbiter.  God and Azael choose one man once every two thousand years.  They give him a task to perform and how he completes it decides which side will have dominion over the Earth for the next two thousand years.”
 “Sounds like a hog calling contest.  What if the pig doesn’t come for either one?”
“What?”
“What if the arbiter doesn’t like either side?  What if mankind wants to be left alone?”  How about that?”
“You think we’re ready to be left on our own?”
“We’ve come a long way.  We’re ready to guide our own fate.  Maybe the arbiter should refuse to make any choice at all.  What happens then?” 
“Don’t you read the newspaper?  How can you think mankind is anything but confused and violent?  We need all the guidance we can get.”  Costas shook his head.  “All arguments about the maturity of the human race aside, you might want to hear this.”  Costas pulled the book close and read.  “As the world awaits the arbiter, the powers that bind the fabric of the Earth shall withdraw.  The warp and weft of the Earth will begin to unravel until the separation is no more.  Heaven and Hell will meet and the meeting shall be the beginning and the end.”
“What does all that mean?”
“Heaven and Hell are holding us together.  The world is like a piece of fabric stretched between them.  They hold all the frayed ends together.  The book says the two back off while the arbiter is mulling his decision and if he doesn’t make it quick enough, the world comes apart like an old knit sweater.”
“So, no pressure on this arbiter guy.  What about that part where Heaven and Hell meet?  What’s that about?”
“What happens when any powerful opposites meet?”
Tom shrugged.  “You mix black and white, you get grey.”
“You get moderation, do you?  What about positive and negative electricity?  What about matter and antimatter?  That’s what we’re talking about here.”
“A big bang?”
“Well said.  Maybe the big bang, the beginning and the end of the universe rolled into one.  That fits, doesn’t it?  A doomsday clause.”
 “It’s a bluff.  They wouldn’t scrub everything.  That’s why they want the arbiter in the first place – to protect Earth and the human race.”
Costas shook his head.  “I wouldn’t put my chips on that.  They’ll scrub the whole thing.  Heaven and Hell could survive the big bang but we’d be gone.
“Whoever the arbiter is, he’ll have a difficult job.  Azael is a manipulator, a deceiver and he’ll arrange things so that right looks wrong and wrong looks right.
“You said the match between the book and your hand is a heck of a coincidence.  A smart man once said, ‘coincidence is God’s way of remaining anonymous.’”
“Who was that?”
“Einstein.”
Tom held his hand up.
“So you think this is from God?” he asked.
“It’s . . .”
There was a crash from a far room in the apartment.
“What the hell was that?”  Costas turned his wheelchair as footsteps rushed closer.  There was a voice and the door burst open.  Flick stood in the doorway, the dagger in one bloody hand.  His eyes darted about the room.  Diagonal slashes striped his chest as though he had been cutting himself intentionally.  Blood ran down his torso.  Flick’s eyes locked on Costas and he advanced, his eyes wild.
“Flick, what the hell?” Tom shouted, standing up.  He was on the far side of the table, blocked by Sol’s wheelchair, unable to do any good.  The roommate gave no indication he had heard.  He advanced on Costas, raising the dagger and spoke in a strange language.
"la'ma sabach-tha'ni?” he shouted.  “E'lo-i, E'lo-i, la'ma sabach-tha'ni?"  He was nearly on top of Sol as Tom scrambled across the table.
“Flick, no!” Tom slid across the table and pumped his leg hard into Flick’s side.  Flick staggered into the wall and dropped the dagger.  Costas leaned to snatch it up but the wheelchair hindered him, it was just beyond his reach.  Costas gripped the wheels and was about to roll closer when he saw something that stopped him; the outline of a snake glowing red on the haft like fire shining through cracks in a furnace.  
Flick shoved Tom away and grabbed the knife out from in front of Costas.  He drew it back, his intention clear.  Tom knew he would be too late to stop Flick but Costas never flinched.  He  spoke in a strong voice,
“Nih-weh çiw-yanukh.”  Flick froze.
“Ei-chana d'bish-maiya: ap b'ar-ah,” Costas said, spitting the words like darts.
A look of fear spread across the attacker’s face as Costas continued.  Flick backed away, bumped against the door jamb, slid around it, and fled.  They heard his footsteps as he ran out the kitchen door.  There was the sound of an engine roaring to life and tires squealing as Flick rocketed off in his truck. 
17

Grippa sipped his coffee and looked at the house for the hundredth time; no action.  He tipped the cup up to let the last bit pour down his throat, but the cup was empty, just like the thermos.  His watch said it was two thirty in the morning.  Another hour and it would be time to clear out of here.  He hated when the work outlasted the coffee, but this next hour was important.  After that, it didn’t matter.  Not many house breaks happened past three thirty in the morning; that’s what the statistics showed.  This was looking like a waste tonight.  It was the fifth night he had staked out one of the empty vacation houses, sitting in his car, waiting for the burglar to show up.  The cuts at work wouldn’t allow him to post any paid detectives, but there was no rule against him doing this on his own time.  He had caught a bit of sleep right after work and then made it over here by midnight.  The bad guys might prowl around earlier than that, but he could only do so much.  Grippa usually went straight in to work after a stakeout like this.  Squeezing in a couple hours of sleep now would only make him groggy.
Those cop shows on TV were mostly action, but this kind of work was what really caught criminals.  Grippa knew he would nail this burglar and the community would feel their police department was on the job.  They would never know the irony of the situation.
He slid down a bit and rested his head against the seat back.  Today was a loser all the way around.  He had made a field trip today, a little field trip into fantasy land; what might have been and what will never be.  He knew where his daughter lived.  He knew it the same way he knew her phone number after looking it up five or six times.  He wondered if she would be uncomfortable knowing how many times he had driven by.  It made Grippa feel odd just knowing he had done it, driving by again and again like a stalker, but it was a part of the process that he needed.  Athletes warm up before a match, opera singers voice up.  He could have called again, it would be less risky, but he knew it wasn’t good enough.  It was too easy to hang up the phone.  It was at least a little harder to slam a door in someone’s face.  He had things to say to her and he would say them.  Then, if she wanted to slam the door, if she was able to slam the door, what the hell; at least he had put it out there.  The failure would be hers.
Walking across the lawn that afternoon to ring the bell had been a lot like picking up the phone to dial her number, only slower.  His heart was thumping and he wondered for a moment how his daughter would feel finding her estranged father dead from a heart attack on her front lawn.  But his heart hadn’t seized up and he had made it all the way to the door.  He rang the bell.  This time he knew what he would say if his daughter’s husband answered.  He would tell him who he was and that he wanted to talk to Lindsey.
The door opened and a little girl peeked out.  She was about five years old with blonde pig tails sticking out from her head.  The first thing that struck him was how cute she was, the next was that she must be his granddaughter.  “Hi,” she said, holding a doll by a leg.  
“Hi,” Grippa managed, “I’m . . .,” your grandfather.  Would she understand that?  He was caught unprepared again.  A friend of your mother.  A policeman.  The girl stood patiently.   “I’m looking for your mother,” he finally croaked.
“My mom’s busy right now,” the girl announced.
Grippa cleared his throat.  “Could you tell her it’s important?  No, tell her that it’s very important?”
“Okay.”  The girl went back inside, closing the door.  Grippa wished he had asked her name.  He couldn’t leave here without knowing his granddaughter’s name.  There were thumping footsteps and the door opened.
“Yes?”  A woman stood there, her hair tied up for housework.  She was beginning to lose her youth, but she still exuded energy; not pretty, but strong.
“Hi Lindsey, it’s me - your dad.”
The woman’s face went hard.  “Oh Christ - get the hell off my property.  She began to slam the door, but Grippa stuck his foot in and stopped it.
“Hold on.  I have a few things to say and then, if you want to, you can still slam the door.  I love you –“
Her face turned to stone.  “You bastard - just like you loved my mother - with your fists.  She died with those scars.”  She pushed hard on the door, but Grippa wouldn’t let it close.
“I’m sorry for what I did,” he shouted, “it was wrong, but I’ve changed.  I’ve changed, Lindsey.”  He wondered if she could ever understand how true that was.  He wondered if she cared.  “If you slam this door you’ll shut out the chance to ever know your father.  You’ll shut out the chance for your daughter to ever know her grandfather.”
Lindsey’s efforts to shove the door shut stopped.  She had worked herself behind the door in her effort to shove it closed and he couldn’t see her face.  “Alright.”  He heard her low voice come from behind the door.  It swung back and she stepped forward holding a broom with a red wooden handle.  She thrust it at him with surprising ferocity.  He barely had time to step out of the way.
“Come on, I thought you wanted to talk, old man.”  She aimed at his face and jabbed again. Grippa had to dance backwards down the stairs.   The woman came on.
“Tell me how you loved my mother so much you beat the shit out of her.”  Now, with plenty of room, she swung the broom handle.  Grippa raised his arm to block it and the wooden shaft cracked against his forearm.
“Ow –“
“Feels good doesn’t it?  Now you know how she felt - and that’s just the beginning.”
Grippa cradled his injured arm.  Lindsey swung again and Grippa tried to dodge, but the shaft whacked into his temple.   Grippa roared in anger more than pain.  The next time, he caught the broom with both hands and shoved her back.  “You bitch,” he shouted,  “you stupid bitch.”  He had wanted to tell her how he had stopped drinking, how he had struggled through years of depression, searching for a better way.  He wanted to tell her about the new life he had found, but she didn’t want to listen.  She just wanted to fight.  His daughter lost her grip on the broom and fell backwards.  Grippa screamed at her.  “Why won’t you listen?”  He drew the broom back.  There was a small voice from the doorway.
“Mommy . . . ?”  The little girl stood clutching her doll, her eyes wide.
For a second, Tony Grippa saw the scene though her eyes; her mother on the ground, an angry man standing over her, blood running down his face, broomstick held high.
Grippa lowered the weapon.
“I think she knows her grandfather now,” The woman said, in a hoarse voice.
Anger welled up in him and he gripped the shaft tighter.  For a moment Grippa thought he would follow through with the blow, but instead, he flung it away and ran for his car.  It took him a while to find the keys and get the car started in his agitated state, his hands trembling with anger, but he finally got out of there
Now he was here.  It wasn’t the nice little talk he had hoped for, sipping coffee at her kitchen table in the morning sun.  If the woman had at least heard him out and then rejected him, he could abide by that.  He might not like it, but he could deal with it.  But she preferred to see him as the monster he had been instead of the man he had become.  That monster had been real at one time and she almost brought it back today.  It could be real, only he hadn’t taken a drink in over twenty years.  She would never know that or believe it.  Grippa looked at his watch again; three o’clock in the morning.  A half hour to go.

* * *

Flick sat on the cold concrete floor, glass shards strewn nearby.  He barely remembered wriggling through the cellar window.  Was it hours ago?  The cold had seeped into his legs from his long sit on the concrete but he didn’t notice.  He continued to grip the blade of the knife with one hand, as he had done his entire time here, and the pain felt so good.  There was a soft, sizzling sound coming from where his split flesh met the metal.
The cop was out there in his car, waiting and watching.  Flick knew it.  He could see things in his head now.  He could see them or someone was showing it to him like old super eight movies of the family vacation; he wasn’t sure which.  He knew things too, like not to go back to the apartment.  People there wanted to take the knife away from him and he couldn’t let that happen.  The movie in his head whirred on, the black and white images showing Tom jamming a fire poker into Flick’s eye and picking up the knife after Flicky boy dropped it.  That was one reality that he had changed; jumping into his truck and driving over to give Axel the keys.  Giving Axel the keys was good, he could see that too.  Axel had looked at him funny, as though there was something wrong, but Flick had run back out to his truck and taken off.  There was a grayish fuzz in his memory after that.  The next thing he remembered was pushing himself through the cellar window, like a baby wriggling into the world, and sitting down here on the floor.  He thought he remembered a bright light and tears streaming down his face, as though he had been staring at the sun for hours, but that couldn’t be right.  It didn’t matter.  Now it was just him and the blade and it was good.  It had been bad, back at the apartment.  The man had spoken in that language and had said things - some frightening things but he had run.  Now it was good.  He squeezed the knife and the knife sucked his blood.
Flick knew he could go out and kill the cop if he wanted to.  The film strip in his head showed him how.  He saw himself creeping alongside the car and then popping up like a jack in the box with his new knife.  The knife would love the taste of the cop’s blood, especially the blood deep inside his heart.  But why go out there, when he could be here with this double slit of pleasure and pain?  Flick squeezed it and he moaned and he rocked and the blade sucked and sucked.

* * *

The detective reached for the keys in his ignition, ready to start up his car and go home.  It was three thirty in the morning; screw it.  The night was a bust.  Headlights appeared at the far end of the street, dim at first, then growing brighter.  Grippa’s hand dropped from the ignition.  A last minute burglar?  It was too much to hope for.  The car came straight up the road without turning, slowed as it drew near the house and then nosed into the driveway, its headlights sweeping across the shrubbery to stop on the garage door.  Grippa watched as the lights shut off and the sound of the engine died.  Nothing happened at first.  Crickets chirped.  Whoever was in the car just sat there.  It looked like more than one person.  Then the passenger door opened and a woman stepped out.  A man climbed from the driver’s side.  He opened a rear door and scooped out a sleeping child.  The kid’s head lolled as the man clutched him to his shoulder.
Grippa realized it was the family back from vacation.  They had probably driven all night to beat traffic.  He watched as they walked to the door and the dad fumbled for his door keys, trying not to drop the child.  He wondered if they were happy.  He thought they probably were; they had each other.

* * *

Flick opened his eyes.  The super eight film was reeling double time in his head.  Someone was coming, and it was time to go.  This wasn’t the confrontation he was meant for.  The film showed him wriggling out through the cellar window in fast motion, his legs kicking foolishly like a character in some Charley Chaplin clip.  Flick walked to the window and looked up.  The window was six feet off the ground, small and rimmed with broken glass.  He turned and started up the stairs instead.  The film in his head turned to indefinable characters, as if in protest.  Then it snapped and was gone.  His mind was left in blank confusion.  He paused for a moment with indecision, then he continued up the stairs.
The door at the top of the stairs was closed.  Flick pushed it open, stepped through and came face to face with a man holding a child.  The man gaped at him, unable to grasp the concept of a stranger appearing out of his cellar in the small hours of the morning.  Flick made him understand.  He slashed the knife at the man-child, but it stepped back.  The knife came within a hair of the kid’s waistband.  A woman behind the man saw the swinging knife and screamed.  Flick hated screaming.  The father, snapped out of his confusion, turned and pushed the child at the woman, who was too frightened to take him.  The kid slammed into her and they both toppled to the floor.  The father turned back, remarkably fast.  Flick lunged this time.  The man tried to step backwards again, but this time, he tripped over his family on the floor, pin-wheeled his arms and fell flat on his back.  Flick dove on him, punching the knife downward.

* * *

Grippa heard a woman’s scream, and leapt from the car.  He ran across the lawn, toward the house, and burst through the front door with his gun drawn.  There was a woman on the floor, dragging a child away from the horror that lay in front of them.  Some human shaped thing lay on its back with a knife protruding from its body.  It was a shriveled parody of a man, a body similar to the one they had pulled from the river.
The sound of running footsteps pounded in a far room and a door banged open.  Grippa turned to the woman.  “Call nine-one-one,” he barked, “tell them there’s a detective in pursuit of a suspect.”  Grippa rushed through the kitchen to see a screen door swinging shut and a silhouette disappearing into the darkness.  He slammed though the screen door and darted out into the yard, following the shadow.  It moved fast across the lawn to the far end of the yard and Grippa heard the sounds of someone shoving their way through the brush.  Grippa ran into the darkness and punched through a hedge to find himself outside of the yard on a rough upward slope.  There were crunching footsteps ahead.  The detective looked for his quarry, but he could see only scrub trees and loose rock.  There was a metallic sound, a rattling-shaking and he looked off into the moonlight to see a man scaling a chain link fence at the top of the rise.  Grippa knelt down and aimed his gun.
“Police,” he shouted, “stop or I’ll shoot.”
The man paused, threw a look over his shoulder, then continued climbing.  The police rules on deadly force were clear; if the perp pulls a weapon on you, shoot him, and; if he’s going to kill someone else, shoot him.  This fit neither of those scenarios but there was a dead body back at the house with a knife in its chest.  Grippa made a judgment call; this would stop here.  He would take his chances with the inquiry later.
“Last chance.”  More than fair warning.  Grippa squeezed the trigger.  The man stiffened and tumbled.  There was the sound of a body thumping to the ground in the darkness and Grippa knew it was a mortal wound.  He hurried up the hill keeping an eye on the spot where the body had fallen, approaching cautiously.   The perp might still be healthy enough to use a weapon if he had one.  There was nothing.  Grippa was sure he had hit him.  Had the perp feigned his wound?  Had he fooled him completely and run off into the night?  There were bushes on the other side that might conceal a body in the moonlight; they could also conceal a man clutching a rock, ready to cave his skull in.
Grippa looked up at the seven foot fence.  He didn’t like it; he was too old to be doing athletics but there was no choice.  He hooked his fingers into the links and pulled himself up, jamming his toes in the holes, scrambling for the top.  He made it and dropped to the ground on the other side.  His joints took the strain, nothing popped out of place or broke and he turned fast to fend off a possible attack.  No one was there.
Grippa squatted down at the spot where the man had fallen, looking for blood.  He smelled it before he saw it; a pool thick and dark on the ground.  Most men would go into shock when they were hit that bad.  This guy had to be exceptionally tough or exceptionally jacked on drugs.  Neither one was good.  He might be behind the next bush or he could be a quarter of a mile away.  Grippa walked through a small search radius but it was far too dark.  There was no sense searching now; he couldn’t follow a blood trail in this light.  He would call in more cops at daybreak.  If they were lucky, they would find him dead.  Grippa looked up at the fence, wondering if there was a way around it and then figured, what the hell.  He twined his fingers through the chain link again and hauled himself up.

* * *

Grippa entered through the back door of the house that he had rushed out of twenty minutes ago.  He was disconcerted at the quietness.  The place should have been crawling with cops and paramedics by now.  He walked into the kitchen and realized why.  The woman was in shock, her eyes staring blankly as she rocked the sobbing boy.  She was in no shape to call the police.  He had barreled off after the perp and left her alone this way.  Grippa guessed that the husk on the floor was her husband, although how he got that way was beyond him.  Grippa couldn’t imagine what could do that to a man, particularly in the few moments between when they entered the house and when he followed.  He squatted down and hung out his badge for the woman.
“Manchester police, Ma’am,” he said softly.  The woman stared right through him, rocking her child.  “I’m going out to my car to call this in.  I’ll be right back.”  No response.  He glanced at the shriveled body.  It was the damnedest thing he had ever seen.  Then he noticed something even odder.  The handle of the knife appeared to ripple with light, fiery red.  He leaned closer and saw it was some kind of outline, like a thin crack peeking in on hot coals.  It wove itself in a network of lines around the handle forming the shape of a snake.  The mouth was open, in a hiss or maybe in preparation to bite.  Grippa could swear there was heat radiating from it, as though something really were burning inside there and he stretched out a finger in sheer curiosity.  There was a sizzling sound when he touched it,  like a drop of water hitting a frying pan and Grippa jerked his hand back with a yell as the pain hit.  He cursed himself for his stupidity.  A fine way to fuck up evidence, he thought.  Grippa looked down at the dagger again but the glowing lines were gone as though they had never been there.  He stuck his finger in his mouth and went to his car to radio in.
18

Tom pushed his cart up to the checker desk and taped his paperwork to the push bar.  This one was piled ten feet high with cartons of boots.  He wiped the sweat from his nose before it could drip and rested a moment, leaning against the cart.  Tom had spent the night sleeping fitfully, half expecting to find Flick standing over him with the dagger.  It hadn’t happened.  Flick never came back and the fire poker Tom had propped next to his bed for a weapon went unneeded.
Flick had run when Sol shouted at him in that strange language.
“What did you say to him?” Tom had asked.
“The Lord’s prayer in Aramaic.  It’s the first thing that came to me.  He was speaking Aramaic; I fired it right back.”
How could Flick speak Aramaic?”
“Hell if I know.”
“What was he saying?”
Costas snorted.  “Thinks he’s Jesus.  He said ‘Father, why hast thou forsaken me?’  I don’t know how in the world he could speak that language; he doesn’t have the brain power of a Chihuahua.”
Tom thought about the rest of their discussion.  They should have called the police, but they never got that far.
“Why didn’t you tell me about the image on that knife?” Costas had asked.  “It’s the same as your hand?”
“I never really got a good look at it.”
“Well, you might want to look at this.”  He poked his finger down on the book.  Tom saw what he hadn’t noticed before; in the drawing there was a snake on the handle of the knife in the drawing .
“It’s time for you to honor our agreement; I want you to stay away from Lyn.  There’s something going on with you.”
“Lyn and I are together now.  There’s no changing that.” 
 “I can evict my tenant if he doesn’t follow the rules.”
“There’s no lease and you can’t put ‘dating my niece’ on eviction papers.”
“I’ll find something to write on there.”
“Will you preach that at the church?  Lying and coercion for the self righteous?”
Costas’ face grew red.  “I gave you a place to live when you needed it,” he said, “I extended you the Christian hand of friendship and this is how you thank me?  There’s just one rule and you throw it in my face.  Get out.  Get out of my apartment.”  Tom left feeling angry that Sol could make him feel guilt over his relationship with Lyn.  Despite his own words, he did feel guilty.  He wondered about that.  Sol said his Holy Spirit was gone.  Tom wondered if something was missing, some part of his sense of judgment.  Maybe he was in the wrong about his relationship with Lyn.
Today Tom was tired but he tried not to drag his feet as he walked into the production room.  It would only cause friction.  One of the guys had spelled it out at break one day.
“This is a temporary job to you,” he said.  “You don’t give a crap about the work; you’re putting in your time to get your paycheck but this is a living for me.  I support a wife and kids on this income and if you fuck off, if you don’t get me the piece parts or the rubber I need, my paycheck’s gonna be smaller, and that don’t cut it.  How would you like it if your paycheck was riding on somebody who didn’t give a shit?”
“I do give a shit,” Tom had told him, “and unless you want a smaller paycheck, you’d better learn who to kiss up to real quick.”  The other guys at the table had laughed.  It was fun to joke about, but Tom did understand and he didn’t want to let these guys down.
This was his fourth trip to the production floor today.  It was mid afternoon.  Tom had caught Axel giving him an odd look earlier in the day and he could swear Axel glanced away quickly just now, when he walked in.  He wondered what was up.  They hadn’t spoken much since that night on the town, but there had been no open hostility.  Tom hadn’t told Lyn about Axel’s knocked-up girlfriend.  It didn’t seem to matter; Lyn and Axel’s relationship had run its course.  Axel had no reason to get weird on him.
Tom checked the stations to see what was short.  Some of the guys greeted him, but most were focused on the job, doing their best to reach a piece work quota that would bring them to the next pay level.  Some guys got mad if he spoke on the floor and messed with their concentration while they tried to make rate, but others liked to talk.
“Hey, Tommy man – this machine is running like shit.”  It was a guy named Carmine.
“It’s got diarrhea?”
“Nope, it’s constipated.  It’s the friggin humidity – the rubber’s pumping slow.  It’s sticky.   I need some zoom.”
 “You want fries with that?”
“Just bring me the zoom and Wiley over there will give you a big wet kiss.”
“Exciting.  Anybody else need zoom?”
A few of the other guys called out that they did, but they didn’t waste many words.  Their eyes barely left their presses and their hands never stopped moving.
Tom rolled a cart into the stock room and loaded it with piece parts first.  Some of the guys were low on those.  He read the label on one carton on the floor.  It was the right one, so he stuffed it in with the others.  The buzzer sounded for break and he stopped for a moment.  Tom wanted to have a Coke and relax, but they would need their parts when they got back.  They would need the zoom.  If he pushed his break back, everything would be ready.  He finished loading the cart and headed downstairs for the zoom.  
His footsteps echoed in the stairwell as he descended to the sub-basement.  At the lower levels, the hubbub of the factory was gone, damped out by the granite slabs and wooden beams above.  The quiet and the humidity had a weight of their own.
Tom opened the door at the bottom of the stairwell.  The light was already on and he wondered if he had forgotten to shut it off.  It was rare for anyone else to be down there but the door to the zoom room was ajar as well.  Light glowed through the open gap and he heard scuffing and grunting as though someone were doing heavy work.  Tom pulled the door open.
Axel was crouched over the square hole in the floor, cradling a bag of zoom in his arms.  Tom could hear the sound of running water coming up from the hole and smell dank air.  Axel looked up.  “Ah shit,” he said, “I thought you already came and went.”  He let go of the bag.  It fell through the hole and Tom heard it thump a distance below.
“What the hell are you doing?” Tom asked.
“Taking some zoom.”
“Down the hole?”  He paused for a moment, then understood.  “That’s down inside one of the water tunnels that goes out to the river.  You’re stealing it.”
“You got it, smart guy.  Maybe you could have been a doctor after all.”
“How did you get in here?  You don’t have a key.”
 “I didn’t need a key.  I came down here looking for you because you never came back with the zoom.  I caught you stealing the stuff.  God only knows how many bags you took already.  You’ll be in deep shit when the police find the one in your car.”
“You put a bag in my car?”
Axel grinned.  “During our last break – rolled it right out of here on a loading cart.”
“That’s crap – you don’t have a key to my car either.”
Axel shrugged.  “Doesn’t matter if you believe me.  The police will.  Especially after they read your military record.”
“It was a general discharge.”
“You got kicked out.  Lyn told me.”  Axel grinned at Tom’s silence.  “You’re a loser, Tom.”
“This is some gratitude for pulling you out of that machine.”
“I appreciate that, don’t get me wrong, but you undid it all with one good stab in the back.  You told Lyn about Tina, didn’t you?  Then you consoled her right into the sack.  It was the only way you could get her there.  She’s too good for you.”
“I didn’t have to tell her.  Your relationship was falling apart already.”
“I decide when the relationship is over, not you.  I don’t like people who fuck me over and I like it less when they fuck my girlfriends.”  Axel hawked up a ball of phlegm and spit it at Tom.
“You can’t think any farther than your crotch, can you?” Tom said.  “You were a boy toy.  Lyn played with you and tossed you off for someone who’s her equal.  You were never even close.  You like using women but you can’t handle it when they use you.  She was never yours.  Your woman is back home, six months pregnant.  If you had any balls at all, you’d face up to it.  You’re a coward.  You’re a coward, a loser and an asshole.”
Axel snapped.  He plowed into Tom, slamming him back against a pile of bags, and pumped a fist into his belly.  Air burst from Tom’s lungs.  Axel’s eyes were cold and dead, as he drew his fist back again.  Tom threw a punch at Axel that caught him on the side of the head.  It wasn’t much, but it let Tom got his hands between them and he shoved Axel backwards.  He tried to take a deep breath but his stomach muscles were still knotted up.
Axel rebounded quickly and charged in, head butting Tom in the face.  Tom staggered back, tripped on a pallet and collapsed onto a bag of zoom.  Axel rolled him over while he was still stunned from the head butt.  A hand clamped down on the back of his neck, pinning him.  Tom braced for a kidney punch, but instead, Axel scrabbled at something near his ear.  There was a ripping sound and white powder puffed out as Axel sank his hand inside the bag.  He pulled out a fistful of the chemical and ground it into Tom’s face.  Colors flashed and the room spun.  Tom gagged from the sweet substance plugging his nostrils, caking his tongue. His senses were overloaded by the chemical smell as the grinding hand forced zoom up under his eyelids.  Tom’s head filled with a sound like a jet engine winding up for takeoff.
He thrashed, partly to free himself, partly in convulsion.  His senses were overloaded and his actions were spastic.  Axel stepped back to watch, a smirk on his face.  Tom could make out a silhouette among myriad sparkles and bursts of light; it was Axel with a light shining out from behind him.  The room was distorted in a kaleidoscope that extended wherever he looked.  There were arms stretching out, hands grasping, faces pushing out of thin air as though they were pushing against the fabric of reality.  There was pressure building inside his head and Tom was certain this was the last thing he would see before his brain hemorrhaged.  The hands reached toward Axel who was laughing.
“Too much happiness for you, man?” Axel said.  “Too much of a good thing?”  Then he was caught by the hands and the smirk disappeared from his face.  Tom watched as the arms dragged him back toward the light, forcing him into it.  The air filled with another sound besides the jet engine.  It sounded like Axel screaming.  Axel was dragged toward a tall slit of light like the one Tom had seen here before, the one below the floor.  It was narrow and crackling with energy that began to burn Axel as he was pulled in.  It was as though the slit wasn’t open all the way and malfunctioning because of it.  One more arm was added to the bunch and it was Axel’s, outstretched toward Tom as he screamed for help.  Tom leaned forward on weak legs.
A stench filled the room like burning flesh.  Tom fought to discern between reality and bizarre hallucination; not all of this could be real.  Axel’s head disappeared through the membrane and the screaming was cut off.  He was alive, though, because his arm still waved frantically.  Tom took an unsteady step forward and reached for Axel’s hand but the room was off kilter.  He tried to regain his balance.  Their fingers touched, but it wasn’t the drug causing the tilting sensation.  It was the hole in the floor.  Tom tumbled forward, striking his head on the edge as he dropped into the darkness.

* * *

Light seeped in and there was Vince crouching over him.  “Hey kid, what happened?” he asked,  “What the hell happened?”  Tom tried to answer, but the blackness pulled him back and Vince was gone.

* * *

The light returned, there were sounds; voices, a siren.  He was strapped down, unable to move while the world shook around him.  He heard a voice.
“I think he’s coming around.”  Someone flashed a light in his eyes.  Then that was gone too.

* * *

“Do you understand?” the voice spoke in measured cadence.
Tom made a guttural sound.
“I think he’s back, doctor.  Try again.”
“Show me you understand.  Hold up three fingers.”
Tom took several moments to grasp what the doctor was saying.  He raised a weak hand to hold up three fingers.
“Good, you’re there.  I’m glad you decided to wake up,” the doctor said.  “There’s one less worry today.”  He took out a stethoscope and listened to Tom’s heart for a long time.  He finally dropped the stethoscope around his neck and called to a nurse.  “Take this man’s blood pressure, please.”  Then he turned to Tom.  “We weren’t sure about you for a while; your heart was doing a tap dance and your blood pressure was way down.  Your heart sounds good now, though, and we’ve given you an I-V.”
“Tap dance?” Tom said, his voice coming in a whisper.
“Yes, an irregular heartbeat.  We got it settled down.  You have a truckload of that chemical in your bloodstream, but your body seems to be filtering it out.  It looks like you took a whack on the head, too.  Nobody saw it happen.  Do you remember falling?”
Tom remembered reaching out for Axel’s hand and then feeling like he had missed the last step.
“Not sure.”
The doctor nodded.  “It’s common to lose a few moments of memory from a head injury.  It bled a bit, but I don’t think you have a concussion.  We’ll watch you for a while to make sure.”
“Did they find anyone else in the room with me?” Tom asked, wondering about Axel.
“I don’t know.  I just patch them up and send them out, I don’t always get the details,” he said.  He was about to walk away, but turned back.  “There are a few people here waiting to see you.  They might have some answers.  I’ll let them in.”  He left.
Tom wondered who was waiting - Vince?  He doubted it.  He hoped not.  More than likely, it was his parents, but how did they get here so fast?  A thought occurred to Tom; maybe Lyn had come back.  Maybe she had come and brought Sol along.  He tried to straighten his hair and sit up.
Two men walked in and Tom thought he would rather settle for Vince instead.  It was the two detectives from the other day; Grippa and – he couldn’t remember the other one’s name.
“Hello Mister Brooks; Detective Grippa - and you remember detective Simms?  How are you feeling?”
“Really good.”  The detective didn’t catch the sarcasm.  He nodded.
Grippa continued.  “I’m sorry to bother you now.  I know it’s not a good time, but we were called in on this incident.  There are a few questions to clear up.  There was an attempted theft of a controlled substance from that room you were in.  Do you know anything about that?”
“You mean the zoom?”  Vince must have called the police; he found the bags that Axel had dumped through the hole and knew something funny was going on.  “Crap, Axel’s going to get me fired.”
“Axel Cross?  Was he involved?”
“Yeah, he was there when I walked in.  He was taking the bags down that hole.  Said he wanted to frame me.”
“He was already in the room?”
“Yeah, he was mad at me and he wanted to set me up.”
“Your supervisor, Vincent Alston, said that you have the only key to that room.”
“That’s what he told me too, but Axel was in there.  He must have broken in.”
“There was no sign of a forced entry.  Did you let Axel Cross in?”
Tom’s head thumped with a rhythmic pain.  What was this guy talking about?
“I told you, he was already in there.”
“We know that’s not possible, Mister Brooks.  You have the only key.  Do you know where Cross is right now?”
The sound of Axel’s screaming echoed in his ears.  
“I don’t know.”
“There was blood on the floor.  What happened to Cross?”
“I don’t know.  I hit my head.  Guess I passed out – ask the doctor.  He said I was pretty close to the edge there.”
“Did you harm him?”
“The doctor?”
Grippa gave him a stern look.  “This is no joke, Mister Brooks,” Grippa said and he stood waiting for an answer.
“Axel picked a fight,” Tom said, “I fought back.  I . . .”
“The doctor said you were hit on the head.  How did that happen?”
“I think I fell.”
“Whose idea was the theft?”
“What?”
“You guys were in it together.  You were getting high on the acetate, stealing it together and you got into an argument.  You got into a fight.”
“I wasn’t . . ..”
“What were you going to do with the acetate?  Who is the buyer?”
“No, I didn’t want it.  What would I do with . . . acetate?”
“How badly was Cross injured?”
Tom rubbed his head.  It was pounding to a point where he could barely think  “Do you always do this – make blind accusations?  Axel rubbed that chemical in my face and I had a reaction.  My mind wasn’t clear at all.  There were things in my head I can’t begin to describe.”
“Try.”
The nurse that had spoken to Tom earlier came back.  There was a sour look on her face and she planted herself firmly in front of Grippa, her hands on her hips.  “You gentlemen are disturbing my patient and everyone else in this emergency room with your loud questions.  I think it’s time for you to leave.”
Grippa turned to her.  “What is your name, nurse?”
“I don’t think I know yours yet,” she said.
“My name is Detective Tony Grippa.  I’m here on an investigation of an attempted theft and a murder.  You’re interfering with an investigation and unless you want to be charged with obstruction of justice, you will get out of my way so I can finish questioning this man.”
“Charged with obstruction?” she said with a scowl.  “We’ll see.”  The nurse stalked off.
Detective Grippa turned back toward Tom.  “What happened to Cross?”
Tom spoke through the haze of his headache.  “He - left.”
“Where is he now?”
“I don’t know.”  That was God’s truth.  He had a hunch Axel wasn’t anywhere near here.
“What did you plan to do with the acetate?”
“I didn’t have anything to do with that.  I came down to get some zoom – acetate - for the molding machines and Axel was already there.  I don’t know how he got in.”
“Where is the key to the room now?”
“On my key ring, I guess.”
“This key ring?”  Grippa jingled some keys, Tom’s keys.
“Where did you get those?”
“We took the liberty of checking your belongings while we were waiting.  Is this the key ring?”  He dropped the keys in Tom’s lap.
“Yes, but the zoom room key isn’t there.”
“We noticed that.  Did you give it to Cross?”
“No.”
“Where is it?”
“I don’t know, you handled it last.  Maybe you took it.  I’ll bet you frame people all the time.”
“The emergency room log lists the item as ‘six keys on a ring’, that’s what you’ve got there.  The key was missing when you were brought in.  You walked all the way downstairs without the key.  How did you plan to open the door, if you didn’t have the key?”
“I thought it was on there.  If it wasn’t . . .”
“Why did you have a bag of dimethyle Acetate in the trunk of your car?”
The doctor came striding into the room.  “Detective Grippa, my nurse tells me you’re disrupting the E-R and refuse to leave.  I can’t order you to leave, but the hospital could bring a lawsuit against you if I feel your presence caused any of our patients to do poorly.”  The doctor began to draw a curtain in front of Tom’s bed, but Grippa stopped him.  “I just have one more thing to say to him,” Grippa said.
The doctor wouldn’t budge.  “This patient came in with arrhythmia,” he told Grippa, “that’s an unstable heartbeat to you.  Anything that upsets him could cause a cardiac episode.  He’s the last patient you want to be interrogating now, unless you really are bucking for a lawsuit.”
“Just one more thing.  It won’t upset him.”  Grippa shoved the curtain back and stepped toward Tom.  “Listen, this is considered an attempted theft.  There’s also the murder of a woman that I think is somehow tied to you.  I haven’t put it together yet, but I will and someone is going to be charged.  You may want to think about this; the attorney general might be willing to cut a deal early in the game, but after we pull it all together, it’ll be too late.  If you have information, you should deal now to get a plea bargain or even let someone else take the fall.  You won’t be able to do it later.”  He held out a business card.  “Take this and call me if you decide you know something.”
Tom held up his hand to wave him off.  “I already . . ..”
Grippa siezed Tom’s wrist to look at the snake imprint.  Tom closed his hand into a fist to hide the image.
“What’s that on your hand?” Grippa asked.  Tom tried to jerk his arm away, but Grippa held on.  “Was that a snake?”
“Let go.”  Tom jerked his arm again, trying to break Grippa’s hold, but Grippa began to pry at his fist.  “Open your hand, damn it,” he said.
Tom balled up his other fist and swung it at Grippa’s face but the detective seemed to anticipate the blow.  He raised his arm and deflected it.  Then he grabbed Tom’s other arm and held them both in a vice-like grip as he looked into Tom’s face.
“There was a murder last night.  The weapon had that same imprint on it.  What the hell are you up to, Brooks?”
The doctor cut in.  “You are assaulting my patient,” he said.  Then, turning,  “Nurse Ames, could you come here please?  The woman appeared immediately, as though she had been listening just out of sight.  “Mister Grippa, there are two hospital employees witnessing your assault on the patient.  If you don’t stop now, you’ll be visiting some old acquaintances in prison.”
Grippa hesitated a moment, then disengaged Tom’s arms with a shove.  He stalked out of the room, waving for Simms to follow.  When they were out of earshot he spoke to Simms.
“I want you to stay here and follow him when he leaves,” Grippa said.  “He’s going to get together with Axel Cross or maybe his buyer for the zoom.”
“I’ll take care of it, Tony.”
“Thanks, Rodge.  One other thing – there’s a water cup next to his bed.  See if he drinks out of it and then take it for prints.  We’ll use it to check the ones on that murder knife from last night.  This guy is involved and we’re going to nail him.”
19

Flick motored along an unfamiliar street in Hooksett.  He stopped at a light and hunched over from the pain in his belly.  His shirt and pants were soaked with blood and he was pretty sure the wound was still bleeding.  A wave of dizziness passed through him.  Flick shook off the feeling and looked at his abdomen. The hole was off to one side and he thought the bullet was probably still in there.  There was no matching exit hole in the back that he could feel.  The pain encompassed his whole midsection, though, and anything was possible.  Flick wished he had killed that cop when he had the chance.
The light changed to green and he fought the pain as he turned the wheel, steering into a Seven Eleven.  Flick felt a tearing sensation in his belly from the effort and he groaned.  He needed a doctor, but that would mean cops.  Maybe he could head south to Providence.  The big boys there would have doctors that didn’t ask questions.  Flick wondered if this deal he was putting together would give him enough leverage to get one.
He pulled into a parking space and shifted to neutral with some effort.  The ache in his hand was another misery.  It was bleeding from the knife slashes he had put there and he wondered why he had done that.  It was all a blur now.  Someone had been inside his head.  A chill ran through his body and he wasn’t sure if it was from blood loss, or from the memory of that presence.  It would take a long time to get over that.
He shut off the engine and hunched over the wheel.  Alternating spasms of chills and pain ran through him.  He needed to figure out what to do.  The day was dawning and the traffic was picking up.  Commuters were stopping for morning coffee.  Some guy glanced in at him with curiosity and Flick gave him the finger.  The guy moved on.  Best to discourage those good Samaritans before they stick their nose in too deep.
Flick knew who it was that shot him.  It was that cop that had come asking questions about the dead girl.  What was his name – Rippa?.  Flick wondered if the cop had recognized him as he fled.  There was a good chance that every cop in Manchester had a picture of Ricky Flitwick, by now.
He needed gas, but he had no money.  If he used a credit card they would bag him.  If he went to the bank, or the hospital they would bag him.  If he used his ATM card . . . there was just no way.  Maybe he could rob someone.  Then he remembered he had no weapon.  He imagined how he would look, staggering, bleeding, demanding money.  A sound, almost like a laugh, escaped his mouth, but it was cut off by fresh pain.  He lifted his shirt to inspect his belly again and touched hot flesh.  If he could just rest a little . . ..  Flick laid down across the driver’s seat and closed his eyes.  He would rest a little while and then he would figure it all out.  He would lie here for a few minutes and get some energy back.

* * *

The sun was shining.  Ricky Flitwick could hear seagulls and the sound of waves as they washed over the sand.  A breeze was blowing in from the ocean and a kite flew in the sky.  Six year old Ricky waded into the water.  A school of tiny fish swam around his ankles and he wondered if he could catch one in his hand.
“Don’t go out too far, Ricky,” his mother called.
“’kay mom,” he said, bending down near the water.  He plunked a hand in and pulled it up, but the water and the fish ran through his fingers.  He looked down again.  Light sparkled off the waves around his feet.  He followed the fish as they swam.  They shifted mysteriously as a group, and he tried to catch one again.  This time he came up with one in his fist.  He felt it wiggling inside.  Ricky tipped his hand to let the water drain out between his fingers and then opened it.  A tiger fish, no bigger than the tip of his thumb, lay pasted to his palm.  The fish’s mouth opened and closed rhythmically and Flick realized it couldn’t breathe, it needed the water.  He lowered his hand and let the ocean fill up his palm.  The creature shook its tail and swam over the rim of his hand into the ocean.  Ricky followed, wondering if it would find its school again.  He wondered if it was afraid to be alone. 
The swell of a wave rolled past him wetting his nipples and Ricky realized he was out too far.  He turned to look back, toward shore, for his mother.  There were a few strangers on the sand, but his mother was not there.  The wave rumbled as it broke on the beach.  The surf was louder than it had been a minute ago.  A cloud passed in front of the sun and the wind grew cold.  Ricky stepped toward shore.  The water, down near his feet seemed to be moving backwards, sucking at his legs and it was hard to walk.  He could feel sand washing out from under his feet, flowing out to sea.  After several steps he began to get worried.  The water was getting deeper instead of shallower, it was up to his neck now.  He pumped his legs, trying to drive forward, but the ground under his feet was no longer solid, it was a mass of moving sand and it was moving in the wrong direction.  He thrashed and called for his mother, but a gulp of water splashed down his throat choking off his cry.  The ground seemed to be dropping away under his feet, dropping off into the deep.  Something wrapped around his leg.  He knew it was seaweed, but the image of a dark tentacle entered his mind.  It pulled at his leg and he slipped downward.  Ricky took a desperate half-breath before his head was pulled under.  His lungs cried out for more, but he could see the grey mirror of the surface moving away as he was dragged deeper into the darkness.  

* * *

Someone opened a rear door and got into the car.  It stunk of blood and bowels inside, but the man ignored it and closed the door anyway.
“You’re dying, Flick,” said the stranger.  “You’ve lost too much blood.  Your brain is starved for oxygen and your heart has nothing to pump.  Right about now a lot of people in your situation would  be seeing a tunnel of light.  It would be full of the love and warmth of all the people who cared for them in their lives.  It’s a wonderful feeling.  It’s a nice way to go.  It’s not yours, though.  You’re seeing the other one, aren’t you?  It’s always different, that one, but it usually involves a sinking feeling and darkness.  That’s the main thing.  Do you like it?”  The stranger lit up a cigarette. 
“I always wanted to try one of these things.”   He took a deep drag and blew it out slowly.
“That is good,” he said.  “I may be confined to the inside of your head in this world, but I can experience anything you’ve got stored in your brain.”  He tapped ashes on the carpet.
“You screwed up, Flick.  That’s why you are where you are.  You were supposed to kill the cop, but you didn’t.  You lost my knife.  It was very special to me.  I trusted you with it and you lost it.”  He took another drag on his cigarette and blew it toward the ceiling.
“Odd as it may seem, you’re a lucky man.  We need some things done and you’re still the best one for the job, so, we’re willing to give you a second chance.  Are you up for it?”  The stranger took a quick puff.
“I brought you a gift - picked it up on the way in.  It’s slightly used, but, under the circumstances, I’m sure you won’t mind.  It’s from someone you know; Axel Cross?.  He had this life stretching out in front of him, years and years of it, but he decided not to use it.  I thought you might like to try it on.”  He leaned over the seat and caressed Flick’s cheek.  “And we’ll tell you everything you need to do.  You’ll be fine.”

* * *

Flick woke with a start.  It felt like someone was touching his face and he turned his head.  “Who –“ he started, but no one was there.  The blood from his shirt was congealed and sticky.  His stomach didn’t hurt nearly as bad now and he had some of his energy back.  Flick lifted his shirt up to look at the hole in his belly.  It did look better somehow.  It actually itched a bit.  He poked it and a grey lump tumbled out and dropped on the carpet.  Flick laughed.  It was the bullet.  The thing had worked its way out.  The edges of the hole even looked like they were beginning to heal.  It was amazing what a little sleep could do.  His body was on its way to repairing itself after only – Flick looked at his watch and was shocked.  It was late afternoon.  He had slept here for most of the day.  It was a miracle nobody had bothered him.  It was a good thing a cop hadn’t come by.
Flick’s new energy lifted his spirits and he started the car.  Not only did he feel better, but he knew what to do.  He knew where to go and how to get money.  He would get the money and head on down to Providence.  He pulled the truck out of its space and headed toward the highway, back toward Manchester.  Those boys would love him down in Providence.  They were probably just itching for him to show up and tell them about their new deal.  And would he have a story to tell them.  Yes sir, things were turning around.  A little sleep made things right as rain.
20

Tom spit a half chewed mess onto the ground.  Food never tasted right when he was sick.  The bagel had been a spur of the moment purchase on his way home from the hospital.  Food normally made him feel better.
The sun beat its heat down on the pavement.  Tom squinted up at it.  The fiery ball was larger than he had ever seen it.  He knew that must be an illusion but the color was odd; it was red like the color of the setting sun at only three o’clock in the afternoon.  He looked away and concentrated on putting one foot in front of the other.  His car was parked at work and Lyn was away in Rhode Island.  She couldn’t give him a ride.  Sol couldn’t drive.  He was stuck walking home from the hospital, feeling like crap.  The doctor had flashed a light into first one eye, and then the other.
“I think you’re well enough to go home,” he said.  “Get some rest and see how you feel.”  He had tucked his pen light into his smock pocket.  “You’re lucky, not everyone gets out of  E.R. this easy.”
Tom didn’t feel lucky.  His body ached, he was shaky and his stomach was on a hair trigger.
A car pulled up alongside.
“Hey Brooks, get in.”
Tom leaned down and looked in the window.  It was one of the detectives – Simms.  He turned and resumed walking.  The car paced him.
“You’re going to drop in this heat.  You aren’t even walking straight.  Get in and I’ll give you a ride.”  Tom ignored him.  Blue lights began to flash from the grill of Simms’s unmarked police car.  “I’m going to drive along side until you get in.  Hope you don’t mind the escort.”
Tom gave up and climbed into the car.
“You’re welcome,” Simms said when Tom shut the door.
Tom rubbed his face.  “I’m not feeling too good right now.”
“Really?  I couldn’t tell.”
“I’m going home.”
Simms pulled out.  “Tell me what happened back there in that cellar room.”
Tom thought back to the zoom room.  The memories were vivid, burned there by the intense emotions of the moment; the fight, the smell of the chemicals, Axel screaming, a falling sensation.  He could still taste the chemicals, almost feel them in his body.  A wave of nausea ran through him.  He rubbed his belly and let out a groan.
“If you’re going to puke,” Simms said, “do it out the window.”  he powered the passenger window down.  “Tell me what happened.”
Tom wondered what he could tell Simms that he would believe.
“I told you everything.”
 “Bullshit,” Simms spat.
“You’re more interested in railroading me than hearing the truth.”
“There’s partial truth and there’s whole truth.  You need to tell us the rest of what happened.”
Tom paused for a long time before he spoke.  He made his decision.
“You and Grippa know it all.”
“You’re not helping yourself.”  He let Simms drive the rest of  the way in silence.  When they reached the apartment, Tom got out of the car.  “Tell Grippa to leave me alone,” he said.
“You’re welcome.”
Tom walked around to the back of the building, his body aching with every step.  As he approached the stairs, there was loud crash from inside Sol’s apartment.  Someone shouted in anger.  Tom hurried toward the door as fast as he was able.
21

Costas wheeled his chair into the kitchen.  He was worried about Tom and he was worried about Lyn.  His spirits were flagging and he missed his wife, Leeny.
The light outside was turning strange – reddish.  He rolled to the window and looked up at the sky to find the sun burning like a fireball.  
Costas let the curtain fall closed and he rolled back.  His eyes rose to the medal on the wall.  The medal that Leeny had hung so proudly.  Her husband was a hero.  Costas wondered if some deeds in life, some moments in history were large enough to reach beyond themselves.  He doubted it.  Once a moment was gone, it began to fade.
Costas closed his eyes and missed his wife.  He was tired.  He needed to talk to Tom.  He was a good kid and he wished he hadn’t alienated him.  It would only make it harder for Tom to listen.  Costas had read more and he had an idea what that mark on Tom’s hand really meant.  He would tell him as soon as he came home from work.  He couldn’t let this bump in their friendship get in the way.
Costas’ head lolled on his chest as he sank deeper in thought.  His mind closed out the real world.  His breathing slowed and his eyes twitched.  The inner world opened.
He was back on Omaha Beach, June 6th, 1944 – D day.  The roar of the landing boat engine was nearly drowned out by the crash of waves on the surf.  The engines reversed hard for a few seconds, jerking the soldiers as the boat slowed and the front gate kicked outward, down into the water.
“This is it, boys,” the commander shouted.  “This is what you trained for.  Hit ‘em hard - go – go – go.”
“We’re out too far,” said one soldier, as they were pushed toward the opening by the men behind, “This ain’t no landing, it’s a fucking dump off.”
Costas was about to reply when he was shoved off into the water by the ninety men behind him.  His pack dragged him down before he could take a breath.  His C.O. had volunteered him to carry spare ammunition and there were thirty extra pounds pulling him to the bottom.  Another man plunged down on top of him, kicking him in the head in his fight for the surface.  The water was cold.  Costas was afraid of leaving the ammo behind, but if he didn’t shuck it now he would be dead.   The soggy pack adhered to him as he struggled to shake free.  His lungs felt as though they would implode if he didn’t take a breath. He jerked his shoulders side to side.  At last the pack came loose and he shot to the surface, free of the dead weight.
Bullets thwacked into the water around him.  His gun had slipped away along with the pack, a casualty of the struggle.  A body floated nearby.  It looked like Thomson.  Costas swam for shore and scrambled out of the surf, terrified of the bullets kicking up sand around him.  There were three other guys near him; Briggs, Toomey and Bugger who all had their guns.  He felt vulnerable without one.
They moved fast from the water, heading toward an escarpment at the head of the beach.  The Germans fired down mercilessly from a bunker planted up there.  Sol saw a guy to his left jerk as a double spray of blood burst out of his back, dead before he hit the ground.  The man’s friend next to him had time to turn in shock before his own arm was blown off.  The boy screamed as the stump squirted blood.
There was screaming and shouting all around now, but so far no one in his immediate group had been hit.  It was insane, heading into the gunfire, but they had to get past it if they wanted to live.  Mortars went off down the beach.  Sol thought about snatching a gun from one of the fallen soldiers but it would mean stepping away from the group.  An inkling of an idea had begun to form, that there was safety in this group.  In every battle there were a few who came through unscathed.  Maybe it would be his group.
They moved forward together, Sols fantasy growing stronger as reality confirmed his theory – until the mortar hit.  It threw him into the air, the force rippling over his body.  He slammed down in the sand and it was seconds before his head cleared enough to feel any pain.  The skin on one side of his face stung and one ear had a constant whine but he had been spared serious damage.    
Costas’ limbs vibrated from the shock and he crouched low.  Briggs and Toomey were coming out of it.  There was an annoying sound like a baby’s crying that wouldn’t stop.  It was above the ringing in his ear and he couldn’t place it.  He looked over and understood.  It was Bugger.  Bugger’s arm was gone and his abdomen had been ripped open but his lungs still worked.   Costas could hear them working.  The man was lying on his back writhing in pain, screaming.    His organs were spread across the sand.  Costas’ stomach heaved but he fought it down.  
“Shit,” said Briggs.  They crouched staring with indecision at a time and place where they couldn’t afford it.
It was probably only a few seconds.  Toomey broke the trance.  “That’s it,” he said, “do it.”
“No . . .” shouted Costas.
“We promised,” said Toomey.  “You want me - ?”
“I’ll do it,” said Briggs, bringing up his gun.
The man probably only had moments left but they would be moments of agony if they didn’t act.  Bugger was jerking and twisting, his lungs still at full volume.  Costas could have moved to stop the others.  In later years he almost convinced himself that he would have.   Briggs pointed his gun at the thing that used to be their friend, his trigger finger tensing up, when there was a shout.  It was Toomey.  Costas had a moment to see the little puffs of sand spitting up sand in a line, moving straight at them before Toomey yelled, “Down,” and leaped forward.  Toomey was a big man and he took both Briggs and Costas down in a heap.  It was Toomey that saved him.  Costas never forgot that.  Costas felt vibrations as bullets punched into one of the men on top.  There was a ‘ding’ sound from a bullet striking a helmet and Toomey rolled off into the sand.  Briggs was still on him, their faces only inches apart.  Costas could see from the look in the man’s eyes that he was hit.
Spit ran from the Briggs’ mouth onto Costas’ face.
“It hurts,” he gasped.  “Oh God, it hurts – .”
Sol was about to tell him to hang on, but the gunner up in the bunker swung back on them.  Briggs jerked as several more slugs pounded into him and Sol watched in horror as the light faded from his eyes.  His friend sagged down to press his lips against Costas’ face.
Costas knew that his own death was standing nearby, waiting to take him and he began to tremble.  He turned his head to one side to look at Toomey thinking he might find some hope, but there was a trickle of blood running from under the man’s helmet.  He was already frolicking in the dark place.  Costas couldn’t move.  He didn’t want to move.  It was safe being dead.  Good old Briggs was protecting him, covering him with his body.  Costas stayed.
Other landing craft disgorged more soldiers and those men crept up the sand past him.  They paid no attention to the dead men on the beach.  He watched, ashamed, as some of the new soldiers were cut down by German gunfire but still, he couldn’t move.  He was safe.
A boot crunched in the sand near Sol’s face and he started.  It was death.  He wouldn’t go out to meet it, so it had come to him in the form of a soldier.  He couldn’t see the man, but he could see the boot laces crisscrossed over the toe and up the ankle.  Briggs body was pulled off and he was exposed in his fear.  Sol looked up, sure he was about to get his own bullet.  The executioner had a tough, battle hardened face.  He knew the man could see his cowardice.  
“You hurt bad?”  The soldier asked.  He crouched there looking at him.
Sol’s voice caught and his mind seized up; the soldier thought he was wounded.  He looked down at his own midsection and saw a patch of blood there.  It was Briggs blood.  Sol shook his head and tried to say something coherent.  “It’s – not mine.”
The soldier gripped Costas’ coat and hoisted him to his feet.  Then he squatted down to slip the pack and the gun expertly from Briggs and handed them to Sol.
“Take ‘em,” he said, when Sol hesitated, “Let’s go.  We’re sittin’ ducks.”  
Sol took them, and with a nearly imperceptible nod of his head, the soldier beckoned him to follow.  Sol did.  The man walked with confidence as though he knew where to place each step.  Bullets punched into the beach around them but nothing touched them.  A shell exploded alarmingly close, but the soldier only ducked for a moment, then moved on.  Sol wondered if he was protected by the mere proximity of this man and then he shoved that thought away.  He had made that mistake once before.
They came to a place near the base of the escarpment that was sheltered from the pillbox.  A group of guys were huddled there and Sol was suddenly afraid that these men would see the cowardice in him.  They would read it in his face.  Someone lit a cigarette and passed it to the man next to him.  Sol watched as the cigarette moved from man to man.  It finally came to him and it was passed with no prejudice.  He took it knowing full well the incongruity of the moment; men dying all around.  He drew deeply.  When he looked back, the soldier that had brought him there was stalking off along the escarpment.
They huddled there a while longer, but in the end, they knew they had to go up.  The decision to go was made long before they hit the beach.  It’s why they were there.  With the pack on his back and the rifle in his hand, Sol felt an odd freedom.  The fear was still there but it had less weight, it was boxed away.  When they moved out, Sol took the lead.  
They picked their way along the base of the escarpment until they found a place that could be climbed.  The gunner on the top of the cliff couldn’t get a bead on them because the wall took a jog.  They began to climb.  The wall wasn’t stone, it was dirt and loose shale.  The soldiers kept sliding back and the men above couldn’t help kicking down piles of rubble on their comrades below.  Sol was still in the lead and he grabbed whatever scrub or handhold he could to pull himself up.  At one point a rock as big as a watermelon came loose and tumbled down the wall.  Afraid he might alert the German’s above, he could only hiss a warning.  Sol was sure the rock would take someone with it, but the men managed to get out of its way.  Sol continued his climb.  When he reached the rim, he was forced to stop.  The Germans had anticipated this kind of attack and had cleared away the trees and brush for thirty yards back.  Anyone coming up over the edge would be an easy target.
There were five guys clinging to the slope below him and he knew they couldn’t hang on forever.  After thinking about it for a few moments, he decided to go.  The krauts in the pill box didn’t know they were there yet and he could make it to the brush on the far side of the clearing before they spotted him.  They were too busy with the hundreds of guys down on the beach.  Hell, he thought, it takes longer to swing that big gun around than it does to run thirty yards.  He hoisted himself up over the edge, sprang to his feet and took off across the kill zone.  He had only run a short distance when he realized it was a mistake. 
There were certain to be more krauts than guns in that bunker and the extra men would be watching him now.  He could picture them crouching behind the window slits, their rifles clean and oiled and ready to blow a hole in his chest.  Costas realized he had estimated the distance wrong as well; thirty yards had telescoped out to sixty.  As he pumped his legs and puffed, Sol listened for the gunshot that would take him down.  He’d heard that you never hear the shot that kills you but he was certain he would.  It would be crisper and clearer than any other.
Sol’s feet pounded the dirt, but his strides felt clumsy.  The pack he had taken from Bugger slapped against his spine, jerking from side to side.  It thumped his elbows as he ran.  Even the gun pulled him off balance with its weight.  He remembered running the fifty yard dash in high school; the near bottomless well of energy, the wind in his face.  This was nothing like that.  His hair was pasted against his head with sweat and it seemed he was scraping the bottom of a barrel in search of energy that wasn’t there.  The idea to ditch his equipment flashed through his mind but he was done with that.  If he died now, it would be with his gun in his hand.  
Sol stretched his legs farther with each stride and picked up his speed.  He closed the last five yards and dove for the brush.  That was when he heard the rifle report.  A sudden pain rang in one knee and he cursed and rolled.  They would send someone out to finish him now.  He yanked up his pant leg to check the damage, but there was none; no hole, no blood, nothing – just a throbbing pain.  He looked and understood; a stump poked out of the ground.  The shot had missed.  He had struck his knee on the stump.
There were trees here and he stood up behind one to flag his buddies, but when he looked back at the rim he saw what had happened.  One of the guys lay motionless on the ground.  He must have jumped up to follow Sol and the krauts had killed him with that shot.  The guy hadn’t gotten more than ten feet from the edge.  A fire fight broke out now, the Germans blasting away and kicking up dirt all along the edge of the escarpment.  His buddies must have managed to dig toe holds over there.  Sol could see their helmets and their guns popping up over the edge to fire at the bunker.  He wondered if it was it possible that the Germans hadn’t seen him and decided they would be shooting at him if they had.  This was his chance to sneak up on the pill box while they were distracted.  He crouched low and faded into the woods, to avoid giving himself away, then ran between the trees toward the bunker.  It was easy to follow the sound of those big guns firing down on the beach.  He thought they were the M thirty fours he’d heard about.
Crouching low at the edge of the woods, Sol saw the rear corner of the pill box.  He doubted they could see him at this angle through those slit windows.  Things were working out in his favor.  The weeks of training kicked in and his hands moved smoothly, almost without thinking.  He fixed his bayonet for close quarter fighting, took two grenades from his pack and clipped them to his belt.  Then he looked at the building to pick his route; straight to the corner was the best shot, no sense in over-thinking it.  He ran before he could lose his nerve.  
His guys were blasting away at the gun ports, right near his target and he hoped to God they wouldn’t shoot him.  It would be a shame to come this far to be gunned down by friendly fire.  They seemed to get it.  As he reached the corner of the building their targeting moved off to the far side.  He flattened his back against the wall and the firing tapered off to nothing.  Sol wondered what the Germans would make of that.  They weren’t stupid.  It was only a matter of time before they figured it out.  
He unclipped one of the grenades from his belt and pulled the pin holding the fuse in place.  It wouldn’t start to time until he let go and let the spring loaded fuse lever pop off.  Sol edged over until he was beside one of the window slits and was about to toss the grenade when a sudden thought stopped him.  The window slits were narrow; not much wider than the barrel of a gun.  What if he counted off seven seconds and then couldn’t get the grenade through the slit?
A shadow passed across the ground from behind.  He pulled his knife and spun instinctively, swinging the knife at the figure that loomed there.  It was a German soldier, a boy, quick enough to block Sol’s arm with his rifle.  Pain range in Sol’s forearm as it struck the steel barrel.  They grappled, hand to hand.  Sol was sure that he was stronger than the kid but the grenade was in one hand hindering him.  If he dropped it they would both die.  There was a moment when their force was balanced, the knife inches from the soldier, when a thought echoed through his mind, a thought breaking through from the present world.  Tell him how to destroy Azael.  His eyes met the kid’s.  Tell him before it’s too late.  There was sweat on the German soldiers face and fear in his eyes.  He was a young man but he wasn’t Tom.
Sol kneed him in the groin.  He swung his bent arm and slammed his elbow into the kid’s temple, stunning him, knocking him to the ground.  Sol whirled and grabbed his gun from against the wall.  Messerstich, the word echoed in his head from the few German words he knew.  He thrust downward, burying the bayonet in the German’s chest.  The move was deliberate but the result was a shock; the look on the boy’s face, the burping sound as blood spurted from his mouth.  A look of terror filled the enemy soldier’s face and for that instant Sol could see him as his mother must have on the day he left for war, innocent, young.  The kid went limp and a gassy sound came from his body.
Costas turned and vomited against the wall.  He cursed himself.  There were enemy soldiers inside the building, firing down on the beach, killing his brothers.  He cursed himself once for killing the boy and once more for regretting it.
Costas stepped back, wiping his mouth and almost fell when his foot rolled off something.  It was the grenade.  He had dropped it in his struggle.  The trigger was sprung and he snatched it up, frantically, wondering how far along the timer was.  There was no way to know.  He stepped up to the window slit and chucked the grenade through in one smooth motion.  It fit just fine.  Costas counted to himself, crouching against the side of the building.  He could hear shouts from inside as the soldiers panicked.  The count reached five and Sol realized it was too long.  It had misfired or perhaps it was still timing.  There was a ‘thunk’ sound near the window right next to him as though something had bounced off the inside of the window jamb; they were trying to throw it back out.  Somebody had missed, but they had plenty of time to try again if they had any balls.  In a second it would come flipping out of the window slit and explode, blasting him into pulped meat.  The count was at seven – three seconds left if it was going to blow at all.  Sol closed his eyes – eight – nine -  .  There was a ‘whump’ and the reinforced concrete wall at his back shook.  Debris flew out of the window next to him.  Someone inside began to scream and something slapped into Sol’s face.  He tried to wave it off but it slapped him again.
“Wake up old man.”
Someone was shaking his head by the hair.  The world of 1944 shattered and fell away.  Spit caught in Costas’ windpipe and he hacked it up.
“Come on old man, wake up.  Where’s the money?  Where’s the fuckin’ money.”
Sol opened his eyes and looked with blurred vision at the man in front of him.  He hacked more phlegm from his chest.  It was Flick yanking him by the hair.  Sol reached up, but Flick slapped his hand away.
“It’s about time.  You sleep like the dead.”
“What are you doing in my home?” Costas shouted.
“I need money.  I paid my rent in cash and you couldn’t have made it to the bank yet.  Where is it?”
Costas looked at the red blotch on Flick’s shirt.  “You’re bleeding.”
“Do you think?” Flick cackled.  Sol noticed there was even more blood soaked down Flick’s pant leg to his sneaker.  He heard squelching sounds as Flick moved his foot and wondered how the man could be alive after losing so much blood.
“Don’t worry about me, old guy,” Flick said.  “I’m a fast healer.”  As if to refute this, he grimaced in pain at a sudden movement.  “I need the fucking money,” he shouted, swinging his hand, slapping Costas across the face again.  The effort caused him more pain and he gripped the wound, wincing.  “Tell me where it is or I’ll kill you.  I swear, I’ll kill you - and I’ll kill your whore of a niece too.”
Sol rolled backwards in his wheelchair, face stinging, eyes darkening.
“Such a brave boy - you threaten an old cripple – and his niece too!  It’ll be a cold day in Hell before I’m afraid of you.  You’re right, I’ve got money here.  I’ve got cash, lots of it - mountains of it, but you won’t find it and I’m not going to give you a penny.  You can bleed to death where you stand before I’ll tell you.  You hear me?  You’ll get nothing.  What do you think of that you insignificant coward?”
“Insignif - are you deaf?”  Flick gasped and bent over, as though the gravity of his wound had drawn him in.  The pain had returned with renewed vigor and Flick worried that he wasn’t healing after all.  “Look at me.”  Flick followed his own command and looked down.  A hole was visible in his shirt where the bloodstain was darkest.  “Do I look like I’m joking?  You think I’m playing a game?.”  Flick grabbed Costas by the throat and thrust his own face close.  He didn’t notice Costas’ hand snaking out toward a drawer nearby, he only noticed the gurgling noise that came from the man’s mouth.  “When I let go,” Flick said, “ I want to hear some friendly words.  Tell me exactly where to find the money.  I’m feeling under the weather, but I could still . . .”
The rolling pin caught him solidly against the side of the head, driven by strength built on a lifetime of physical labor.  Flick reeled and fell to the floor, a dent visible above his ear.  His arms and legs twitched and Costas knew he had done serious damage.  He waited, watching, gripping the rolling pin tight.  The twitching slowly subsided until the only movement was the rise and fall of the man’s chest as he stared blankly, each breath coming shallower than the last.
Costas glanced at the phone, knowing that if he acted quickly there was a chance Flick would live.  He wondered what kind of stain the man would leave behind as he trailed through a second lease on life.  He hadn’t handled the first one well.  Costas moved to the phone and put his hand on it, still watching.  At last he saw what he was waiting for; Flick puffed out a breath and his chest stopped moving.   The color drained from his face.  It was done.  Costas lifted the receiver to make the call.  The man would be leaving in a hearse, not an ambulance.  He was dialing the phone when the body suddenly sucked in air.  Costas looked in shock as the dead man opened his eyes and sat up.  The phone slipped from his hand and hit the floor.
“Hello, Sol.”  The voice was strong and confident, no trace of Flick’s whine.  It didn’t sound like Flick at all.  “That was hubris, waiting for me to die like that.”  The man who should have been dead stood up with no sign of his previous pain.  “Making choices about life and death – you could get in trouble with God, don’t you think?”
Costas raised the rolling pin, his hands trembling.  “You know all about hubris, don’t you?”
“Then you understand who I am.”
“I know who you are.  I’ve wrestled with you all my life.”
“The wrestling match is almost over.”  He stepped forward.
 The man in the wheelchair prepared to swing. 
22

Tom yanked open the door and rushed in.  Sol’s wheelchair was on its side with Sol splayed out next to it.  Flick was collapsed against a wall, sobbing.
 “What the hell did you do to him?”  Tom shouted.  Tom knelt down.  Sol’s eyes were slits, his breath coming in short, fast puffs.  Blood trickled from his mouth.
“Christ . . .”  Tom said.  “Sol, can you hear me?”
“T – T – T – T,” Costas puffed out, with each tiny breath.  Tom worried that the man had a punctured lung.  He had seen it in Iraq.
“T – T - Tom -,” Costas wheezed.  
“What is it, Sol?”
“H – he – here - here -”
“What?”
Costas forced out a word, “Azael,” and continued puffing.  His eyes rolled back in his head and Tom thought he had lost consciousness but he spoke again, one more word.  
“Messerstich”  His hand shot out and gripped Tom’s face with cold fingers.  Tom jerked back in surprise.  He had a flash of hope but the arm went limp and dropped to the floor.  Sol fell silent.
“Flick – “ Tom said, looking to his roommate.
 Flick removed his hands from his face and Tom saw he wasn’t shaking with grief, he was shaking with laughter.
“It’s overwhelming,” he said, “the sounds, the smells - the freedom.  I’m not sure how you can stand it.  Look,”  he said.  He stood and picked up a kitchen chair.  “I can feel this against my skin.  I can move it.”  He suddenly flung the chair.  Tom covered Sol with his body as the chair bounced off the wall and rolled over them.  
“What the hell are you doing?”  Tom shouted.  “Are you crazy?”
“Did you feel it?  The pain?” Flick asked with wild eyes.  “You have no idea how wonderful that is until you can’t have it.”
Something  was odd about him; the voice, his manner but there was no time to worry about it now.  Tom took his phone from his pocket and began to dial 911.  Flick slapped it from his hand.
“You have a part in what’s coming,” he said.  “An important part and you don’t want to screw it up.  I told you I would find you.”
Tom cocked his head.  “You . . . ?”
“Yes.”
Tom hesitated.
“You know who I am, say it.”
Tom gaped, disbelieving.  Flick stepped forward with blinding speed and caught Tom by the throat.  He slammed him back against the refrigerator, pinning one of his arms as well.  Tom fought back uselessly with his free arm.  His roommate had enormous strength.  Flick drew closer until his lips nearly caressed Tom’s face and whispered, “Azaaaaael,” his hot breath touching Tom’s skin.  “The brain is dead, the body alive,” Azael said softly, “and I am still in it.  So rare.  So hard to achieve.”  He let Tom go as suddenly as he had pinned him, turned and stepped away. 
“You want this?” Azael asked, waving his hand at the cell phone on the floor.  “Take it.”
Tom was thrown by the personality change, the instability.  He leaned in, cautiously, wanting the phone, mistrusting.  He reached to pick it up but Azael spun around and slammed his knee into Tom’s face before he could react.  Tom sprawled backwards, blood pouring from his nose.  Azael was on him again, holding him by the shirt.  He lifted Tom and slammed him against the floor, banging his head hard.
“I’ve done too much planning to let you screw things up,” Azael said.  “You’re going to do what I want.  You’re going to open a door for me.”
“Fuck you,” Tom managed to roll out through the grey fog that threatened to bury him.
“That mark on your hand means I own you.  You work for me.  Some would consider it an honor.”
Tom spit blood in Flick’s face.  “Open the door yourself,” he said.  His head pounded with the effort.
Azael stood back and wiped his face with his sleeve as he spoke.
“In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God.  You know what that is?  It’s the old one giving away his weakness.  If he breaks his word, he ceases to be.  You see, if I try to open the door, he will stop me.  You on the other hand, he can’t stop.  He has promised humanity free will – foedus antiquum.  It’s not in his book, no, you won’t find it there but we were there when he created you.  We watched as he pressed the dust between his hands and willed it to live and we were there when he breathed the promise.  He gave you a gift - and a curse.    That’s one of the differences between you and us.”   
“Us – angels,” Tom understood,  “what’s he promised your kind?”
Azael cocked his head with a smirk.  “He said we could use you to get what we want.”
Tom looked hard, trying to detect the lie.  It was impossible to tell.  “I won’t open your door,” he said.
“You have to.  You see, I need freedom, Tom – true physical freedom.  Wonderful as this is,” he raised his hands, “this body is limiting.  I control it from a distance.  You will open the door so we can enter your world en corpore – in body.  I can see the future,”  Azael said.  “I can see your future.  Every choice, every possibility.  Your choices are limited.  I’ve limited them for you.  It’s so much simpler that way.”  He fished around in the sink and brought out a fork.  “A push here, a bump there; small influences at the right time.  A soldier distracted by a letter from his cheating wife.  She was seduced by a man whose head I turned with a whisper in his ear.  That distracted soldier shot an Iraqi boy, planting hate for Americans in his cousin’s heart.  That’s your interpreter, Tom, your friend, Rahim.  He deceived you and you shot him.  You passed a test that was set up by a chain that leads back farther than you can imagine, all the events moving the world toward the one moment when you will make your choice.  It’s coming, Tom.  You are the one.  I told you before that I chose you because you know when to sacrifice your own.”  Azael folded the fork in half and squeezed it in his fist.
“I’m going to give you a demonstration of my good will.  I wouldn’t ask for blind faith; that’s his shtick.”    Tom saw smoke rise from Azael’s fist and saw a few metallic drops fall to the floor.  A wisp of smoke rose up from where they landed.  “It’s been a long time but I’ve still got some power here.”
He squatted down, grabbed Tom by the hair and forced Tom’s mouth open.  Then he shoved something sharp far back into Tom’s throat.
“You will have this when you need it.  Remember who gave it to you.”  Tom writhed but Flick forced his mouth closed with strong hands.
One sudden involuntary convulsion and the object scraped its way down Tom’s throat toward his stomach.
 “Wonderful,” Azael said, seeing the convulsion.  “Now there’s just one thing left to do.”  He stood up and moved to the counter where he began to rummage through kitchen drawers.
“You’re important Tom.  You’re in the game and it’s because of me.  Together we will remake this world into a better place, a truly free place.  Free of his false concept of good and evil.”  He didn’t find what he was looking for in that drawer so he closed it and opened another.
“I’ve removed the hold he had on your mind, that perversion they call the Holy Spirit but you’re not feeling the freedom that you should.  We need to remove some other things from your life, create space for growth.
“Friends and family are so important, don’t you think?  They fill up so much of your life.  Now that I have control of this body I can make adjustments a bit more directly.  No more games of influence.  After I adjust Sol here, I’ll pay a visit to your friend Zeke.  Then I’ll touch each of your loved ones right on down the line.”
Azael held up a skewer and looked at it carefully.  Tom’s vision blurred as he swallowed.  His throat still burned and he could barely swallow without gagging.  He was aware of Azael kneeling near Sol for a moment.  When he opened his eyes, Azael was gone.
Tom crawled over to Sol and saw what Azael had done.  “No,” he said.  The skewer was buried deep in Sol’s chest. Tom checked for a pulse but there was none.  “Oh Sol – no.”  Tom touched his friend’s face.  Blood spots appeared there as blood dripped off Tom’s nose.  Tom grasped the skewer and pulled it out.  There was a sound from behind him and a sharp voice barked out, “Drop the weapon.”
Tom turned.
It was Simms.  He must have heard the commotion.  Now he was in the room pointing a gun.
“He’s dead,” Tom said.
“Drop the weapon, NOW.”
“Flick killed him,” Tom told him.  “He went out the back.”
“Shut up,” shouted the cop.  “Last chance, drop the weapon or I will shoot.” 
Tom looked at the skewer in his hand, finally understanding, and let it clatter to the floor.  The scratches in his throat were aggravated by his talking.  His throat closed and threatened to choke him.  He struggled for breath.  Blood ran into his eyes from the wound on his head.  The detective was shouting something.
“. . .  down on the floor . . . behind your head.”
Tom couldn’t make sense of it.  He wiped at the blood, cleared his throat.  His head was almost clear when his legs were kicked out from under him and he hit the floor hard.  The detective was on him, handcuffing him, before he knew what was happening.

* * *

There were a lot of people in the apartment, now.  Simms had handcuffed him to a radiator and left him there while he made a phone call.  After that, people began to arrive; more cops and forensics collecting evidence, snapping pictures.  Tom tried to talk to them at first, trying to explain that the murderer was out there, but he was the man handcuffed to the radiator, the suspect with the bloody face.  No one would listen.  Simms came over and told him, in a rough whisper, that if he didn’t shut up he would kick his teeth in.  Tom shouted that he hadn’t killed Sol, but Simms answered him with a kick in his thigh.  The other cops were careful not to notice.  
From where he was, Tom could see two men working, coroners bagging up Sol’s body, forcing his stiff limbs into a prone position.  It was disturbing to watch.
Detective Grippa came striding in.  Tom didn’t think he would listen any better than Simms but he had to try.
“Detective Grippa, you have to stop the guy who killed Sol Costas.”
The detective raised his eyebrows in surprise.  “Hang on, I need a second set of ears.”  He waved someone over.  It was Simms.  “Rodge, I think Mister Brooks is ready to give us a statement.”  He turned to Tom.  “Go on, tell us what happened.”
“It was my roommate, Rick Flitwick.  I came home and he had beat up Sol.  We got in a fight and then he killed Sol.”
“Are you getting that Rodge?” Grippa asked, watching Simms write.
Tom was perplexed at their feigned concern.  “Aren’t you going to do something?”
“We are doing something; we’re taking your statement.”
“Shouldn’t you go after Flick?”
“Thanks for the tip on how to do our work.  We don’t usually go off half cocked on every tip we get from a suspected murderer.”
Tom blew up.  “If you caught him you would have the murderer,” he shouted.  “You’re wasting time.”
“Calm down Brooks.  We’re collecting the information and when we have it, we’ll evaluate it and go after whoever we need to.  In the mean time, you just tell us everything you know.  Was Elvis here?  Jimmy Hoffa?  Fill us in.  It’ll all go in the report.”
“Bastard.  You’re more interested in framing me than catching the guy who did this.  Sol is dead and you’re playing games.”
“He called me a bastard, Rodge.  Put that in the report.”  Simms smirked and wrote.
Tom shook his head.  “You fucking bastard.”
“He said it again.  You know, it’s not a good idea to insult the men who are protecting you.  That’s what we’re here for, you know.  You could get hurt between here and the detention cell; you could fall down,  you could bump into a wall.  Anything could happen.”
“I hope you’re having fun.  The real murderer is getting away.  You’re wasting your time trying to frame me.  You have no proof.”
 “Proof is relative, we only have to convince a jury of your peers and we have all the evidence we need, Brooks.  Your print’s were found on a murder weapon from last night as well as the one right here.  I just got word.  Why don’t you tell us the truth?  You and Flitwick tried to rob that house on Bleaker street and it went bad.  You didn’t want to kill anyone, but the owner came home and you lost it.  Was it you or Flitwick that stabbed him?”
“What?”
“It was you, wasn’t it?” Grippa asked.  “After I shot Flitwick you drove him back here.  You got in some kind of argument – maybe you wanted his half of whatever you were dealing in.”
Tom’s mind was reeling.  There had been another murder and Flick was involved.  There was a knife.
“The knife –“ he asked Grippa, “was there a snake on it?”
The detective’s eyes narrowed.  “The same as on your hand?”
Tom thought back; Flick had cut himself with the dagger and then -.  He wondered if that cut had been meant for him.  Now Flick had stabbed someone and both of their prints were on it.
Grippa turned to Simms.  “Note that Mister Brooks gave an accurate description of the knife from the murder last night.”  He ran his hand through his hair and shook his head.  “I’ve heard enough of this.  Let’s take him in.”

* * *

Grippa and Simms were in the front seat of the car.   Tom was handcuffed in the back as they pulled out.  Tom wondered about Lyn.  She would be home soon to find her grand uncle dead and her boyfriend arrested for the crime.  There was nothing he could do.  He looked out the window.  The sun was beginning to set and it stood out, huge and red against the city skyline.  His head throbbed and blood began to trickle down his face again, into his eyes, to his lips leaving an iron taste in his mouth.  He tried to wipe his face but his motion was caught up short by hand cuffs.
The detectives weren’t looking for Flick.  They wouldn’t pursue anything that could clear his name.  They had a strong case to work with already; why screw it up?  Tom knew he would have to find Flick himself.  He would have to clear his own name.  And it wasn’t Flick he was looking for now, something was inside Flick.  Something named Azael.  What had he said after he killed Sol?  It had been nearly meaningless at the time.  Now it was coming into perspective.  He said he needed to empty Tom’s life.  He said he would visit Zeke next and then all of his loved ones down the line.
Tom leaned forward.  “Detective.”  Speaking hurt his throat.
“Shut up.”
“Flick is after my friend Zeke.  He said he would kill him.  Can you check it out?”
Simms turned and gave him a cold stare.
“Twenty two Rimmon Street,” Tom said.
Simms turned away.
“Can you at least check it out?” Tom pressed.  “He killed Sol.  Now he’s after Zeke.”  It felt like there was gravel in his throat.
“Last chance kid, shut it.”
Tom coughed; his throat raw from the thing Flick had forced him to swallow.  Tom wondered what it was.  It sat high in his stomach as though it were ready to come up at the slightest provocation.  He suppressed the next urge to cough but it burst out, ripping pain through his throat, escalating into a fit of gagging.
 Simms threw a look back over the seat.  “Oh Christ, he’s puking.  And bleeding too.”
 “Thank God for plastic seat covers,” Grippa said, barely giving a glance.  “He’ll live.”
Strings of phlegm swung from Tom’s mouth as he hacked.  He tried to breathe through his throat but it closed for a moment only to open as the contents of his stomach heaved up and spilled on the seat.  Bile and mucus pooled and ran.  There was the thump of something solid hitting the fabric of the seat and a metallic glint in the mess.  Tom stared at it with disbelief.  He glanced toward Simms but Simms had no interest in watching him puke.  He hadn’t seen the object.  Tom looked back at the thing.  It was a small key.
The radio crackled with a police call distracting the detectives.  The car moved through the city.  They were pulling onto a bridge.  Tom twisted and grabbed the key, dipping his hands in the slime.  Grippa glanced at him in the mirror and then back at the road.
Tom fumbled to fit the key into the keyhole in the handcuffs behind his back, wondering if it was possible.  Azael said he had given him what he needed.  It slid into the hole and turned with a ‘click’.  He tensed up.  His heart pounded, but neither of the cops reacted to the little sound.  He slipped one of the cuffs off his wrist and his pulse raced.  His hands were slick with sweat and vomit.  If the car slowed down, he could bolt.  It had to slow down somewhere; they were in the middle of the city.  He sized up the two men.  Grippa looked to be in good shape for an old guy.  He might be good in a sprint, but he wouldn’t hold up in the long haul.  Simms might give him a tough time, but it was impossible to be sure.
The car approached an intersection and began to slow down.  Tom tensed up and slid closer to the door.  There was a moment when Tom worried if the car even had inside door handles; it was a cop car, but he glanced down and saw that they were there.  It was an unmarked detective vehicle, it was less modified.
The car continued to slow and Tom was about to reach for the door handle when the light changed and the car jerked as Grippa sped up.  Tom rocked back in the seat from the momentum, realizing he had missed his chance.  The car continued to accelerate.  He considered jumping out anyway but at the speed they were traveling it would be crazy.  He scooted closer to the door, heart racing, ready to grab the handle the next time.  Then he heard a familiar whine from the tires.  The car was on the arch bridge; the one he had crossed coming into the city for the first time.  He could see white water swirling below, through the steel mesh.   There was a red light ahead and the cars began to slow.  Tom waited, his heart thumping.  They hadn’t quite stopped, when the light turned green and they began to accelerate again.  It was now or never.  Tom threw open the door and jumped out.  The ground was moving much faster than he had expected and his feet were yanked out from under him when they hit the ground.  He fell, rolling, cracking his head, skinning his hands.  A car rolled past him, narrowly missing his legs.  The handcuffs clanked on the steel mesh threatening to catch.  They were still clamped to one wrist.  Why hadn’t he unlocked both?  There was no time now.
Tires squealed on metal as Grippa slammed on the brakes.  The passenger door flew open and Tom heard Simms shout, “Christ, he’s out of the cuffs.”  Simms couldn’t be more than twenty feet away as he leaped from the car.  Tom rolled to his feet and began to run, each footfall ringing on the deck of the bridge.  Simms was only a handful of steps behind and a much better sprinter than Tom had expected.  He would be on him in a moment.  One of Tom’s knees was in agony from his leap from the car.  There was only one escape, one chance.  He put a hand on the rail and vaulted up over the side.  Time slowed as Tom’s body swung out over empty space.  He could see light, from the setting sun glinting red off the water below.  The thrill of freedom filled his heart.  He was beyond the reach of the law, he was beyond the reach of the demon, he was beyond a point where even he could help himself.  He surrendered his future to gravity.

* * *

Simms watched the kid leap over the railing only steps away, just fractions of a second out of his reach, and one thought flashed in his mind, ‘why?’  The kid didn’t have to die this way.  Then he saw one hope.  Trailing from the kid’s arm were the handcuffs, shining in the setting sun.  Most of the kid had slipped too far away already, but he could see the wrist cuff and chain almost floating in space.
Simms shot his arm forward and by some miracle snagged the free end of the handcuff.  He held it tight, determined not to let go.  The combined force of the kid’s weight and momentum yanked Simms forward, doubling him over the rail, knocking the wind out of him.  For a moment Simms thought he would go over too.  
The other end of the cuffs must have sliced into the kids wrist, maybe even broke it.  The kid clutched it with his free hand to relieve some of the tension as his body swung in and slammed the side of the bridge.  
“Let go, damn it,” he screamed up at Simms.  
Simms was doubled over the rail, gasping for air.  He wanted to shout to the kid to climb up, that he would die from the fall, but the wind wasn’t there.  There was a numbness in his own arm and he thought his shoulder might be dislocated.  Grippa came up behind and grabbed his waist to stop him from going over but Simms didn’t think he could hold the cuffs for much longer.
“Get a foothold down there,” shouted Grippa.  
“I didn’t kill Sol,” a voice shouted up.  “Flick did.  You can only stop him with that dagger.”
The weight didn’t ease up.  Simms’s strength was gone.  The steel chain slipped from his fingers and the detectives collapsed backwards onto the pavement.
The kid’s foot caught for a moment on some pipes and then he tumbled backwards toward the dark water and was gone.
Simms lay on the ground panting.  “I lost him,” he said, gasping for air.  “I lost him.”  Grippa got up and stepped to the rail to look down.  There was nothing but swirling water.  He waited for a body to surface but none did.  He turned back to help Simms off the ground.
“God damn,” said Simms, going to the rail where Grippa had just been.  “The kid yelled at me to let go.  He wanted to die.  Why would he want that?”  He leaned on the rail, breathing hard.
“Forget it,” Grippa said, “some of them can’t be saved.  Come on, we’ve got to have the river searched.”
23

Slowly Tom became aware, first of his body, and then of its place in the world.  He was cold, his arm ached and it was dark.  He was in the river, tangled in a fallen tree.  His left hand had a death grip on a branch.  He forced it to let go and the pain doubled as the muscle lost its numbness.  For a moment Tom thought he would be swept under the tree by the current but he scrabbled his way through the branches, the loose handcuff swinging on one wrist.  It snagged.  He pulled it free and continued to the shore where he collapsed and lay exhausted.  They would be looking for him.  Maybe they already were.
Tom tugged at the handcuff that was still attached, wishing he could take it off.  The key was gone – dropped on the bridge or in the river.  He took the open cuff and snapped it onto the same wrist as the other to keep it from swinging or catching on anything.  He was half out of the cuffs but he was a long way from freedom.
Tom looked and listened but there were no signs of a search.   He was sure they would be coming.  It didn’t matter, he wouldn’t be here.  He had to warn Zeke.  Azael said he would visit Zeke and then his loved ones right on down the line.  Who did that mean - his parents?
Tom stood up .  His wet cloths hung heavy and cold on his body and he was tired.  He began to shiver.  Tom stumbled toward the street.

* * *

Elm Street; muscle car night at Dunkin Donuts.  Waxed autos were lined up, glinting under sodium lights; a Plymouth Road Runner, a Mercury Montego, a Charger, a Javelin, a Duster, more.
Tom stuffed his hands in his pockets and sauntered over to the Javelin.  A kid was sitting inside with the door open, one leg in and one leg out.  He revved the engine as he drew on a cigarette.  A loose group of  kids stood around.  Tom thrust himself through them.
“Cool car!” he said.
The driver looked up.  “Yeah?  Who the fuck are you?”
Tom grabbed him by the hair and yanked him from the car, shoving him into his friends.  They tumbled like bowling pins.  He slid into the driver’s seat and slammed the door.  Tom threw the car into gear and was about to blow out of there when a tall kid reached in through the window and grabbed him by the shirt.
“Don’t even think about it,” the kid said.  
“Too late,” Tom said.  He popped the clutch and floored the gas pedal.  The rear tires spun and screeched on the pavement, fishtailing the rear of the car sideways but the front tires refused to move.  The big kid hopped out of the way as the car swung sideways.  Tom let off the gas and scanned the pedals, wondering why the front end was glued to the pavement.  He was supposed to be rolling out onto Elm Street.    The kid came at him again so Tom floored it again.  The rear end slid sideways once more as the rear tires screamed and smoke billowed up from the burning rubber.  The kid was forced back temporarily.  Tom was worried now.  This should have been easy.  He couldn’t screech around like this forever.  He looked down and found an odd handle sticking out from below the dashboard.  He squeezed it and the handle snapped downward.  The car took off throwing Tom back in the seat, his head bouncing off the headrest.  He realized the kid had installed front brake controls to lock the front wheels so he could smoke up the rears.
The car was still fish tailing as it left the parking lot and the rear end slammed off a sign post as it pulled out onto the street.  He could see the kids in the mirror.  One of them was already dialing his cell phone.
Tom drove a short distance, cut the wheel and turned onto a side street.  He turned again and headed back toward the bridge.  Zeke lived on the West side and Tom needed to get across the river.  He knew he could avoid being seen for a while by sticking to the side roads, but he couldn’t avoid crossing the bridge and that was where they would spot him.

* * *

Tom glanced at the dashboard and did a double take.  There was a cell phone in a holder there.  God sent, he thought, picking it up, then he wondered for a moment if it really might be.  He shoved the thought aside and looked at the phone.  It wasn’t too different from his own, the one he had lost back at Sol’s.  He dialed Zeke’s number.  With each ring his anxiety built; three, four, rings.  His imagination began to invent reasons for the delay.  Five, six, seven.  Something was wrong.  The phone was finally picked up but there was no greeting, just silence.  
“Hello?”  Tom said.
Breathing?
“Anyone there?” Tom asked.
“How was your swim?” came a voice.
Tom knew the voice; it was Flick’s, or one very much like it.  It was Azael.
“The police are coming for you,” Tom said.  “I told them where you were going.”
“They’ll be too late.  I already know what’s going to happen, Tom.  I see all the possibilities, all the permutations. I use it to manipulate you and the world around you.  I gave you the key.  You unlocked yourself and jumped in the river.  Everything you do until the end is predestined, not just foreseen but arranged.  I landed you in the only safe part of the river.
“Bullshit.”
“You say ‘bullshit’ but I know there is a seed of belief.  I influence the people around you with temptation, with fear.  Your actions are a reaction to theirs, a foil.  You can’t help yourself.”
“Is Zeke alright?”
“If you get here within fifteen minutes, I might not hurt him.”  There was a click and the dial tone droned.  Tom cursed and resisted the urge to throw the phone.  The thing inside Flick wanted him there, was egging him on.  Tom wondered what he would do when he got there to stop him.  He thought about the picture Sol had shown him of the Arbiter holding the dagger high, light rays coming from it.  He didn’t have the dagger and if he did, he probably wouldn’t be holding it like a protest sign.  It seemed Sol had been trying to tell him something at the end.  What had he said?  Messerstich  Tom wondered if it meant something or if it was random static from Sol’s dying mind.
He dialed he another number.  It was picked up quickly and a familiar voice answered.
“Mom . . .”  He paused.  He had to control himself, to keep from screaming that she should leave the house, get out now because there was a madman coming, a mad thing coming.  She recognized his voice and started in with idle talk.  
“Mom,” he cut her off, “Listen, you need to do something.”  Get out as fast as you can.  He controlled his panic.  “It’s strange and a little scary but it’s very important.  You’ve got to understand, this is serious.  I - I’m in trouble.”  Azael murdered Sol and he’s coming for you.
“Trouble . . . what kind of trouble?” his mother asked.
“A dangerous man is looking for me and he may come to your house.”
The worry in her voice was thick.  “It sounds like you should call the police.  We should both call the police.”
There was no time for a full explanation.  “Yes, mom, you should call the police but first you need to get out of there.”  It wants to simplify my life.
“What is going on, Tom?  You’ve got to tell me.”
 “I’m sorry mom, I can’t explain it all now, it’s complicated.”  It’s unbelievable.
“Who is this person?  How do you know him?”
“He’s just – dangerous.”
“Tom, you’ve got to go to the police.”
No – yes, I will.  I will go to the police.
“Have you done something illegal?”
No, I haven’t - there’s some confusion, but I think it’s going to work out.  There’s something I have to do.”  Find the dagger - kill Azael.  “Everything’s going to be all right.  It’s important that you leave the house - you and Dad.  Go away somewhere – go to a hotel and don’t tell anyone where you’re going.  I’ll call you when everything is alright, okay?  I want you and dad to be safe.  I love you mom.”
“You know this won’t be good for your father’s heart.”
Yes, I know, he doesn’t feel well but you are both in danger.  You’ll have to make him go.  I need you and dad out of danger.  You’ll explain it all to dad?
“I’ll try.  You haven’t told me much.  You should come home and talk to him . . .”
“I can’t right now, Mom.  I love you.  Make sure you both leave right away.   I’ve got to go.  Leave as quick as you can – that’s very important.  I love you.”  She tried to speak again but he cut her short.  “Tell dad I love him too.” 

* * *

Grippa tapped away at the keyboard of his computer.  It was way past quitting time, but he needed to get a report in on the Brooks kid.  When someone died, the chiefs wanted the report fast.  They needed to cover their asses too.
There was an APB out to watch for the Brooks kid in case he survived his fall from the bridge but Grippa didn’t put much hope in that.  It was a thirty foot drop from the bridge into the rapids; not much chance of surviving.  Tomorrow they would drag the river; boats, hooks, divers.  It was an expensive mess and it probably wouldn’t pay off either.  The body would be found by somebody like those kayakers; snagged on a tree or washed up on the bank.  
Simms had gone out to pick up dinner.  When he came back, they would work until the report was done.  The news would be all over this.
Simms rushed up to Grippa’s desk, eyes wide, a greasy bag clutched in his hand.
“Did you hear?” he asked, breathing hard.  Grippa glanced up from his keyboard.
“Some guy just stole a car from the D and D on Elm, took it right out from under the driver.  He was dripping wet.”
“That’s just down river from the bridge,” Grippa said.  “Son of a bitch, that could be him.”
“It’s got to be him.  He’s alive.”
Grippa slipped on his suit coat.
“How the hell did he survive the river?  Get on the radio and send out a description of the car he stole.  Tell the units to call in any sightings, but don’t pull him over.  We’re going to get this guy ourselves.  I’ll bet I know where he’s going.  What was that address he was frantic for us to check out?”  He squinted for a moment.  “Twenty two Rimmon Street?”
“That’s it.”
They took the unmarked car.  The radio crackled as they headed toward the west side.  A squad car  had spotted a silver Javelin coming off the Queen City Bridge and turning right.
“He’s driving toward Rimmon,” Grippa said.  “We’re going to get this lunatic.”  The lights of an approaching car washed over his face but he stared ahead unblinking.  “Tell them to stand by.  We’ll need backup.”


* * *

Tom skidded around the corner onto Rimmon Street and roared up the road towards twenty two.  Someone had installed headers on the Javelin and Tom was sure the rumble of its exhaust could be heard at the far end of the street.  He jammed on the brakes and screeched to a stop in front of Zeke’s place.
Zeke lived with his parents on the first floor of a clapboard apartment building.  Tom remembered coming to a barbeque here as a kid and meeting Zeke for the first time.  They had been friends ever since.  
Tom jumped from the car and ran for the front door.  He glanced up and down the street as he moved.  There was nothing unusual out here and that was somehow disconcerting.  Tom leaped onto the front porch and stopped.  The door was ajar.  There were sounds of a television and light hearted chatter.  That didn’t seem right either, not if Azael was here.  He pushed the door back cautiously.  It opened on a small hallway.  Tom stepped in and looked through into a family room.  Both of Zeke’s parents sat on the living room sofa watching television, a bowl of popcorn between them.  Zeke’s dad took a handful and crunched into it.  Wheel of Fortune was on and Zeke’s mom squealed.
“I know, I know!”
“You know what?” her husband asked.
“I know what it says!”
“How could you know?” he said through his popcorn.  A wet piece fell from his mouth.  “There’re only four letters and they’re all ‘e’s.  You don’t know.”
“I do.  It’s an old horror movie.”
“What?” he asked.
“It’s ‘The Beast with a Thousand Eyes’.”
Zeke’s dad glanced up.  “Hey, Tom.”
Tom was off balance.  Where was Azael?
“Hi, Mister Addison,” he said, hesitantly.   “Is Zeke here?  I didn’t see his car.”
“A friend borrowed it.  Zeke’s here though – down in his room.”
Hope surged through Tom; Azael must have bolted for some reason, he thought.  He wondered if things could possibly be as right as they seemed.  He walked down the hallway to Zeke’s door.  There was a strange smell that he couldn’t place.  Tom knocked and waited.  There was no answer.
“Hey, Zeke.”  Tom pushed the door open and a smell came rolling out.  It was the smell of bowels and blood.  The carcass that used to be Zeke was sprawled on the bed, its rib cage split open, the bones splayed out like the fingers of a clutching hand.  Entrails lay stretched across the sheets.  Zeke’s head hung back, his mouth and eyes open.
Vomit tried to burp its way up out of Tom’s belly.  He turned away and thumped into someone standing behind him.  His heave was cut short as he choked in terror, certain it was the Azael, returned.  There was a crash as something shattered on the floor - glass and popcorn flew everywhere.
It wasn’t Azael, it was Zeke’s mother and her eyes were dark beads.  Her voice was barely human.  “The beast with a thousand eyes sees all, Tom.  You travel his path.”  Tom recoiled.
There was a bang from out in the hallway that sounded like the front door and a shout, “police!”
“You have only one choice,” she hissed, “to open the door and let them through.”
Footsteps pounded down the hall and Grippa appeared, holding a gun.
“Step aside, ma’am,”  He said in a loud voice.  He half raised his gun and then lowered it, reluctant to point it anywhere near the woman.  She turned and ran at Grippa, wrapping him in a bear hug.
“Christ,” he shouted, trying to peel her off without hurting her.
Tom spun around.  The room and its aura of death were separated from the night by a thin window screen.  He stepped forward, kicked out the screen and slid out.  Something caught his pant leg on the way through but it was only a loose nail.  It tore his pants and flipped him sideways.  Tom’s shoulder banged the earth.  He rolled to his feet barely feeling the pain.  A Glow from the window lit the area where he had landed leaving the surrounding area in blackness.  He thought that escaping in the Javelin was unlikely.  There would be police out front.
 Tom ran into the darkness of the back yard, blinded by the shadows.  He slowed to a walk with his hands out in front to keep from running headlong into a tree.  Tom scanned the blackness of the ground and scuffed his feet, looking for something that had been familiar years ago.  Things had changed , maybe it was gone now.  The night wouldn’t yield up what he was looking for.  The blackness was so thick it almost sparkled.  He continued to search and as he did, his eyes began to adjust.  He saw it; a lighter stretch, a path of packed dirt that wound into the trees. They had played here many times as kids; days in the sun.  Days gone.  He hurried on, following the lighter shade of the dirt along the forest floor, moving as fast as he dared; losing the path, stopping, finding it again.  There was a moment of fear when he thought he had gone the wrong way but then the forest opened and the ground dropped away.  Tom stopped just in time, looking down on the lights of the city.  
Rock Rimmon was a seventy foot precipice set high on the edge of the city, running miles before it tapered off into the land.  This was the way.  They had played here as kids when they could sneak away from the watchful eye of Zeke’s mom.  Tom found the anchor stone silhouetted against the sky line.  He knew it would still be there; a ton of stone sitting silent since the last ice age.  A cable had been anchored here, long ago.  He squatted down and felt around.  Something was there.  Was it the same cable?  Maybe it was rusted and broken half way down, swinging in the darkness.  What would he do if that was true?  He didn’t know, but it didn’t matter; time was running out.  They were coming.  He gripped  the cable and slipped over the edge, lowering himself down a good fifteen feet.  Tom expected to find footholds on the way down but his feet kicked at empty space.
There was the sound of footsteps at the top of the cliff, moving fast; more than one person, heavy breathing, then a sudden halt.  Tom stopped swinging his feet and held tight, hanging in mid air.  There were voices.
“Holy Christ - look at that.”  It sounded like Simms.  “Do you think he went off the edge?  Just like the bridge?  This guy’s got a thing for heights.”  
Tom clamped his legs around the cable and held his breath, trying to stay quiet.  The cable was rough and it bit hard against his skin.  Grippa’s gravel voice floated down.
“I doubt it.  That’s his friend’s house back there.  The kid knew this drop-off was here.  He’s up to something.”
Tom felt himself slipping.  His hands burned.  They were running out of strength and he knew that if he didn’t do something quick, he would drop to his death.  The cable hung far from the wall and he needed to get his feet on something solid.  Tom pivoted around to the other side of the cable and lowered himself, hand over hand, until his foot found a narrow ledge where he rested his weight, his hands stinging with relief.
Grippa’s voice floated down.  “This ledge goes on for a good distance in both directions.  We’d waste a lot of time looking around without knowing which way to go.  It’d be nice to call in a helicopter with infrared but this isn’t Boston.  The best thing we can do is call in more manpower.  Why don’t you head back to the car and call in the backup.  Have a squad car patrol the park below and get another here to help us out.  He’s got to be in this area.  We’ll box him in.”
“You’re going to stay here alone?”
“Somebody’s got to flush him out.”
Simms appeared to hesitate, then he said, “Be careful.  See you in ten.”
Tom heard footsteps trailing away, followed by silence from up above.  He wondered what Grippa was doing up there so quiet.  He wondered if he could climb down without making a noise.  Tom knew he had to move; the cops they were calling in down below would look up and see him here - but if he did move, Grippa would hear him.  He was wondering what to do when Grippa’s voice called out.
“You getting tired hanging on to that rock down there, Brooks?”
Tom looked up, startled, expecting to see a silhouette of Grippa leaning out over the edge, but there was nothing.  Grippa couldn’t know he was here.  The detective was bluffing, testing to see if anyone would answer.
“I heard you down there, scratching around, trying to hang on.  Thought you might fall.  It can’t be an easy thing, climbing down that wall in the dark.”  There was a pause. Tom held his breath, resisting the urge to answer.  Grippa couldn’t know about the cable.  He was fishing, hoping for a bite.  The detective continued his game.
“We’re alone now.  We need to talk, you and I.  You’re in deep trouble.  Look at you running, hiding, hanging over a drop that’ll kill you if you slip.  You should be at home watching sitcoms.  We’re closing in and you don’t know whether to climb up or down.  You don’t even know if you’ll be alive ten minutes from now.  There is a way out though.  You won’t get out clean, of course; living in Mexico sipping margaritas, but you can get out alive and that’s something.  I’ll bet you’re tired.  That swim in the river couldn’t have been easy.  Think you can keep this up?  How long?  A few days?  A week?  A year?  All alone on your own.  How about the rest of your life?  That’s what it would mean, you know.  In this day and age of internet connections and departmental file sharing we always find you no matter how far you go.  The only solution is to keep moving,  constant moving – always on the run.  That’s the best you can hope for, but that’s not what I think is going to happen.  It’s going be much worse for you.  You’re going to run, alright, because you think you can make it.  You’re young and strong and fast and you probably think you’re smarter than us.  Maybe you are.  It doesn’t matter.  There’ll be a patrol car pulling up at the bottom in a few minutes.  They’ll be here before you can climb to the ground and those boys are trained.  See, the thing about training is you don’t need to be smart; it all comes without thinking.  You’ll try to run and they’ll gun you down.  They aren’t friendly toward guys like you and they pack hollow points.  Heard of those?  They load their guns with them in case they get charged by some drug pumped lunatic.  See, you plug a junky full of small caliber slugs and he keeps on coming; doesn’t even know he’s hit, but you hit a guy with hollow points and he’s going down.  The slugs spread wide and shred an area inside a man the size of a grapefruit.  The doctor takes one look and shrugs his shoulders.  There’s no repairing you from one of those.  It can take hours to die.   Of course you won’t make it to the doctor, anyway.  They’ll use all their rounds on you.  They don’t take chances with violent perps.  You can turn yourself in to me, though.  I can take you in safe.  I’d rather have it that way.  I don’t like violence and I don’t like the paperwork that goes with it.  What do you say?  Climb on up here and let’s call it a night.  You had a good run.  Spend the night in a warm bed.”  Grippa stopped talking and there were only the crickets and the distant sounds of the city.
 Tom knew that if he kept silent Grippa’s bluff would be called, he would decide there was no one down there and move on.  Tom wanted to do it but he couldn’t hold it in.  He had to plant a seed of truth in this guy’s head.
“I didn’t kill them,” he shouted.  There was the scrape of feet on earth from above.
“So there you are,” Grippa said.  “You didn’t kill who?”
Tom knew Grippa was trying to pinpoint him, trying to keep him talking but needed to get through to this man.  “Flick killed them; Sol and the other guy.  Grippa, I need that knife.” 
“What knife?”
“You know the one I mean.  The dagger with the snake on it.  It’s the only thing that can stop Flick.”  
“Oh?  Why is that?”  Tom could hear the detective’s footsteps scraping above.
“Because it’s not Flick.  There’s something inside him.”
“Inside him - what would that be?”  The detective’s tone was disconnected, barely conversational.
“It’s called Azael.”
The cable jerked and Tom looked up to see Grippa silhouetted against the sky.  He was clutching the cable and leaning out over the edge, the shadow of a gun in his hand.  There was a metallic click.
“Did you hear that?” Grippa asked.  “That was the sound of me taking my revolver off safety.  It’s aimed at your head right now and at this distance - I’d say about fifteen feet - I really can’t miss.  The bullet will leave a little pencil hole in your skull, but your brain will look like it was puréed.  You climb on up here or I’ll shoot you dead.  Your choice.”
Tom looked down.  Everything below him was shadows, a mélange of black and grey and he didn’t believe Grippa could really see him.  He thought the man must be pointing his gun in the direction of the voice he heard.  It was a bluff; another trick.  Tom wrapped the tail of his shirt tight around the cable, swung his feet away from the ledge and slid downward.  There was a twanging sound as he slid down the cable.  Grippa, heard the sounds of motion, felt the cable jerk and realized his quarry was escaping.  He fired.  There was a flash from the gun.  The bullet passed through the space where Tom had been a moment before and struck stone.  Tom felt something fly through his hair; fragments.  His rapid descent sent a thrill through his body; the wind rushing up from beneath him, the shirt growing hot in his hands, beginning to shred.  He pictured himself making a perfect two point landing on the earth below.  He was going to make it.
Suddenly his hands were jerked short, his arms were snapped taught and the shirt was torn from his hands.  It was a ‘U’ guide, pounded into the rock wall, the cable passing through it.  He had forgotten about them.  One of them had stripped him off the cable as he slid down.  His foot smacked a protrusion on the wall and his body bounded backwards, rolling in space.  Tom had a flash of memory from his youth; of hard packed gravel below.  He would hit the ground and his bones would snap.  Instead, there was a crashing, crackling sound as a thousand prickly fingers jammed into his flesh.  Something rammed into his ribs and threatened to punch through to a lung.  The sound and sensation seemed to go on forever, then he hit the ground.  He hit hard, but it was nowhere near the life altering climax he had expected.  His head bounced off what felt like padded earth.
Tom lay still for a moment, breathing, wondering why he wasn’t dead.  There was pain. There were bruises, but nothing felt broken.  Tom reached out to feel at his surroundings.  It was a bush – a huge one that had broken his fall; a Honeysuckle or Forsythia, he guessed, that had saved his life.  Stars peeped through the branches.  The whole area had grown in since he was a kid.
Tom crawled out of the bush and was getting his bearings when he heard a sound.  He crouched low listening to the crunch of footsteps coming across a gravel parking lot.  A flashlight beam cut through the darkness and it swept from side to side in the hands of the walker.  There were others; four of them in all, searching for him.  More than a single squad car must have shown up.  A voice rang out from the cliff above.
“Over here guys.”  It was Grippa.  “The perp fell right here below me.  Look around.  He fell and he’s probably hurt.”
There was a thrumming sound, a low pitched twang, and Tom realized Grippa was climbing down the cable.  He was coming after him.  Tom marveled at the tenacity of the tough old cop.  The flashlights were moving straight toward him now.
Tom began to creep away and bumped up against the rock wall.  The steel cable twanged madly as Grippa’s feet scraped it, breaking his descent as he lowered himself downward.  Tom pressed his hand against the stone feeling its warmth from the heat of the day.  He looked up at the sky and noticed the moon was large, not quite full and it had a reddish hue.  He didn’t have time to wonder about it.  He moved off into the darkness, following the line of the wall.
24

A waitress stood, hesitating, pad in hand.  This was Hinky’s diner, open all night including Christmas, and all kinds of strange people came in.  That didn’t mean she liked it when they did.
“Are you all right, mister?” she asked.  She didn’t really need to ask; his head was tilted back and the whites of his eyes rolled, twitching, unseeing.  Air hissed from his lungs in a unhealthy way.  In a moment she thought his dinner might erupt from his throat and splash on the floor.  He probably wouldn’t even notice.  She asked one more time to be polite.
“Are you alright?”
The demon watched time unfold.  Inside his mind he watched as the branches stretched upward into the future.  The past ran down, root-like, for eons.  The moment, this moment, was the trunk where he stood and any choice by any man, woman or child was a new limb that divided again and again with each choice, rising higher until the branches were lost in a tangle overhead.  
His mind traveled into the branches.  All humanity was part of this tree.  His consciousness connected to every possibility that could stem from any soul that would exist from now until the end of time.  The end was lost in darkness above, but the nearby choices and their results were clear.  If he found a path he liked, he could push, he could influence it in a favored direction.  No direct contact – just influence; free will, always free will.  He had done it many times and it had brought him here.  He used primal emotions; lust, anger, hate, fear, jealousy; the best ones, the true ones, to entice and lure  In the end, each man would make his own choice.  It was fair and pure.  It was binding.  In the end, mankind would choose their own fate.
The waitress’s words had some effect.  The customer blinked and became aware of the world around him.  He focused his eyes on her.
“I want . . .”
“Yes?”  She tried to mask her fear that what he wanted didn’t come from Hinky’s grill.  It was sure to be something forbidden.  Her eyes wandered down to his midsection and she saw he was soaked with blood.  A smell had been lurking in the background, mixing with the coffee and pancakes and the burnt crud from the kitchen.  Now it fell into place.  Flies buzzed around the congealed blood on the man’s shirt.
“Coffee – black,” said the man, “with cream on the side.”
He only wanted coffee but that didn’t help.  The sight of the blood had given a new root to her fear.  
“C-c-coffee,” she said.  Was all that blood his?  She tried to jot down his order but the pen slipped from her hand and fell to the floor, rolling.  It stopped against the toe of his shoe.  She knew she should pick it up but she couldn’t make herself move.  The fear doubled when his eyes locked with hers.  Her pulse pounded in her head with the realization that her fear was transparent.  For a moment, Ally Carbone thought the arteries in her head might explode.  The man bent over, picked up the pen and held it out to her.
“Your pen, Ally.  Coffee, black, cream on the side please.”
Ally reached out, her hand trembling, and took the pen, somehow loving this man for finding her a way out.  How had he known her name?  “B-black,” she squeaked out and hurried back to the kitchen.
Azael sat back and inhaled the smells of the diner.  The aroma of coffee was strong.  This body amplified sensations in a way that was intoxicating.  It needed food, but that smell . . .  He had decided to skip food and to try the black liquid instead.  Six thousand years of feeling nothing, no smell, no touch, separated from the human universe by a veil so thin that he could see the world but not touch it, never experience the sensations or the joy they brought; that was hell.  Coffee – he knew people craved it.  Now he would try it.  He would revel in it.
He watched a couple several tables away.  They were both dressed in black.  The girl wore leather, a halter top and a little skirt that showed her pale thighs and studded boots.  Her hair was orange in the middle and shaved on the sides.  There was a ring in her nose and a few more in her lip.  He sent his mind out to touch hers and the images he found were pleasant.  An image from last night; pounding music, strobe lights, her mind numb from a drug she had swallowed, touching, caressing, everyone caressing, it felt so good to be touched.  Days earlier, squatting on a toilet, groaning with the shits,  and, oh yes, he found it, the best image, her naked body entangled with two men as she squealed with pleasure each time one pushed deeper; she didn’t even know which.  He sucked up the ecstasy.  His mind found a special spot and he caressed it.  He watched from across the room.  Her eyes closed and her chest swelled as she drew in breath and let it out slowly.  The boy at the table gave her an odd look.  The girl moaned.  The boy smiled.
“Watcha doin’?” he asked.
The girl breathed in and moaned again.
“You going to keep all that to yourself?” the boy asked with a grin.
Instead of caressing, now, he found the other spot, a better spot, and he jabbed it with his mind.  The girl’s eyes popped open and she screamed.  Her arm shot out and knocked the coffee across the table, spilling it, splashing scalding liquid on the boy.  He jumped up and yelled.
“Christ fuck, Loody.”  He bounced around as though he wanted to jump out of his burning wet pants.  “What the fuck are you doing?  Are you crazy?”
The stranger pulled his mind back now and laughed aloud.  It felt good to laugh.  The boy shot him a dirty look.  That was even better; anger was clean, it opened the mind.
The waitress returned with his coffee and he saw that it was a different waitress – not the timid one.  She dumped the tray on his table, picked up a carafe and poured him a cup.  “Careful, hon,” she said, “that’s hot.”  She set down the carafe as steam rose from the cup.  
“I would like something to sweeten the coffee.”
“You’re all set there,” she said, pointing her pen toward a wire rack near the wall.  “You’ve got sugar, Splenda, Sweet’n Low and a couple flavors of pancake syrup, if that’s what you like.  You can make your own special soup with it.”
She laid a piece of paper on the table.   “Your bill.”  She studied him with a dubious expression.  “You got money, don’t you, hon?”
 He smiled and reached out toward this woman’s mind, to squeeze off her arrogant thoughts and struck a wall.  He could see through its foggy surface yet it was solid.  There were images inside – many of them; cradling a sick child, holding hands with family around a table, hugging an old woman; the wall was strong.  He cursed.  Not everyone was like this.  Usually he reached right in.  Other times there were cracks and he had to pry before he could get in.  Occasionally there was the wall.  It was never impenetrable.  He could weaken it and bring it down with enough time, but right now it wasn’t important.  
The waitress rubbed her temple as though she were getting a headache.  “If you could pay now, it would be great.  We’re shorthanded tonight and it would save us both some time.”  It was best to make the weird ones pay up front.  Ally had come back terrified after taking this guy’s order and darned if she wasn’t right, he did seem a little off.  She peeked at the blood that Ally said was there; sure enough, there were gobs of it.  Rita thought a call to the police might be in order.
The man raised the steaming cup of coffee.
“Careful,” the waitress said again, “I told you, that’s –“
He leaned back and poured it down his throat.
“- hot.”  She tensed, waiting for the idiot’s reaction; the coffee was fresh brewed and scalding.  He might scream or he might just pass out.  He didn’t do either.  Instead, he sat there with his eyes closed and his head tilted back.
The waitress looked at him and wondered.  His head moved slightly and his eyes twitched under their lids as though he were watching something in his mind.  She wondered what screw was loose to make him this way, drugs, brain damage or maybe just born a few bricks short of a load.
There was a distant whining noise like a thousand mosquitoes.  The man opened his mouth and exhaled and thousands of gnats poured out in a dark column - millions.  They drove at the her in a single mass and fanned out as they bounced off her surprised face.  She screamed and ran, waving her hands at them as she went.  The other patrons looked up, dismayed, as the flying specs filled the room.  Gnats reached the grill where Hinky stood and he cursed them, waving his spatula.  
Loody waved at the cloud swarming around her.  They were as thin as smoke but she felt them sliding against her in a wave, caressing her face, her lips, trying to force their way in.  Some got past her lips, others crawled up her nose.  At first she gagged and spat but then a calmness took her.  She inhaled.  It was like smoke from a bong, the black mass entering her in a stream, filling her mind.  Her boyfriend watched as her face became flushed with satisfaction and something just shy of a smile.  She knew now, they both knew, it was their time.
The waitress stumbled out the door, choking and coughing, letting fresh air in as she leaned against the open door.  She felt no calmness, knew nothing about who’s time it was, only that the bugs were choking her.  A small number of the gnats flew off into the sky, disappearing into the vast outdoors but most of them refused to leave the diner.  They remained inside orbiting around the diner like a living cloud of smoke.  Some folks continued to cough and they made their way, stumbling toward the door.  Others sat back with that satisfied look on their faces, glancing at each other.  “Our time . . .” someone said, almost inaudibly.  “Yes,” another said from a far corner.  
Azael smiled.  He tore open a Sweet n’ Low, dumped it into the cream pot, stirred it and took a gulp.  It was thick and sweet.
He had seen things in the tree when he looked at it.  Things had taken a turn.  Tom no longer had the dagger.  The dagger was the key and without it, Tom couldn’t open the door.  He was also moving too fast.  At his current pace, he would reach the door before he was ready, before his head was right.  He needed to be swimming in a sea of despair when he reached the end, surrounded by a world in chaos.  All of these paths needed to converge on a moment of decision for the boy.  Human will was a difficult thing to control.  Flick hadn’t killed the cop and now the cop had the dagger.  Azael needed a way to bring events back to center.
 He took another gulp of the Sweet n’ Low concoction.  It felt good sliding down his throat.  This world and the sensations it provided, it was a wonderful place and he wanted to experience it all.  He and his brothers would rule it and this time they would not let go.  All that was left was for the kid to open the door.  It had to be done of his own free will and it would take a few more of the right nudges to make it happen.  But which ones?  
A young woman hurried, still coughing, toward the door, heels clicking, hips swaying.  She stopped to stuff some cash into the waitress’s hand who was still holding the door, then she hurried up the street.  She walked past the window, waving away a few gnats that had followed her out.  The demon noticed the swell of her breasts straining against her dress and felt he something stir in his pants.  An idea began to grow.  It occurred to him, there were a number of ways to make the paths converge, and one of them might be fun.
Azael grinned.  Yes, he knew a wonderful way manipulate the cop, to make him bring the knife to Tom.  All he had to do was tip the right domino and he thought he had a good one.  He picked up a knife, looked at his palm as an artist might consider a canvas, then began to carve.  The skin healed almost as fast as he cut, leaving behind a thin red welt wherever the knife went.  When he was done he looked it over.  It matched the image on someone else’s palm very nicely.
Azael was ready.  He was looking forward to the dance.  It was the one thing that titillated human senses nearly as much as pain and humans seemed to enjoy it a lot more.  They considered it a moment in Heaven, but they were wrong.  He had been to Heaven and the pinnacle of the dance was nothing like that.  It was the sister of pain and it brought a man to the center of his humanity.  It made him more human than any other single act.  They were blind, not to see that.  All of these mortal creatures were so far from the truth, they were groping in darkness.
He poured some strawberry pancake syrup into an empty cup and followed it with a fistful of Creamora, then a splash of coffee.  He stirred the mess up with a spoon.  The stranger took a gulp of his concoction.  He swished it in his mouth and swallowed it down.  It was interesting.  Maybe he would save some for the lady.
25

The carpet was three quarters done.  She pulled the Kirby back and thrust it forward again like a swordsman delivering a coup de grace.  The vacuum’s beating action brushed a perfect swath across the carpet, parallel to the other twenty tracks.  A few more swipes and she could move the furniture to this clean side of the room and start on the other end.  Sweat beaded up on her forehead.
Five year old Jenna was in the den playing with her Little Fibby set.  It was the best place for her right now; away from the cleaning, away from mom.  Lindsey didn’t usually tuck her daughter away in the far room, but right now it seemed like a good idea; it’s tough to clean when there’s a kid in the way.  She knew that was only part of the reason, though, just like she knew that the possibility of company this weekend was only a partial reason for her cleaning frenzy.
Lindsey gripped the arm of the sofa and heaved.   The sofa slid slowly across the carpet.  A drop of sweat slipped from her nose and splattered on the leather.  She continued to push and grunt until the sofa was on the far side of the room, then she went back for the recliner.  It would be heavy too.  That was good.  A catholic upbringing had given her a sense of when penance was due.  Her father had come back and fertilized old fears, fears that she was more like him than she cared to admit.   She had memories of her father from childhood; some good but mostly drunken shouting, her mother’s pleas, the sound of a hand striking flesh and of course her mother’s crying.
Lindsey pulled the recliner hard and it began to slide across the floor like the couch.  She had been cleaning a lot the last day and a half and her husband remarked on it.  He knew what it meant when she was in a cleaning frenzy and he watched her silently.
“You should call me when you get that way,” he said.  Lindsey looked at him, about to say something sharp but instead broke down sobbing.
“It happens so-so fast,” she said.  “I can’t – I can’t . . .,”  she shook her head.
Yesterday, after her father had tried to force his way back into her life, after little Jenna had seen her grandfather come close to beating her mother with a broom handle, Lindsey had taken the girl back inside.  The fear had come on her and the cleaning began.  Lindsey was in the middle of mopping the kitchen frantically, struggling with her emotions, when Jenna stepped in the way.  Move please, honey – the girl stood in the way again – honey, move out of the way, please, Mommy’s cleaning.  
“Mommy, who was that man?”
Lindsey looked up, the scowl on her face meant for the man, but the girl didn’t know that.  Her daughter dropped the glass on the tiles where it shattered, spraying sticky fluid everywhere.
“Oh, God damn it.”  Lindsay barked, the beast breaking its leash.  She struck the girl open handed across the face.   The girl burst into tears and ran.
“Oh, no – Jenna .  I’m sorry. . .”
Jenna ran and hid behind the couch, her safe place, a place where adults couldn’t go.  Lindsey stood in front of it listening to her daughter’s sobs.
“I shouldn’t have hit you.  Mommy is upset about something else and it . . . and it . . .”  But the apologies had lost their potency.  There were too many times.
Lindsey clutched her hands in frustration and fear, afraid for her daughter, afraid for her family but mostly she was afraid of what had flashed through her mind just before the remorse, the thing that proved she was her father’s daughter.  It was the visceral emotion that said, ‘there, you got what you deserve you little shit’. 
Lindsey grunted the recliner into place next to the sofa and straightened up, breathing hard.  She would never strike her daughter again – not ever.  She was better than her father.  The defect would not be passed on.  Lindsey glanced at the far end of the room.  The rest of the furniture was light and would be easy to move.  That man was out of her life and she would not let him in.  Her family would be safe.  Lindsey took a deep breath and let it out.  It looked like the cleaning might be done soon.
The doorbell rang and she stiffened.  Jenna’s sounds of play stopped in the den; she felt it too.  It can’t be, she thought.  Please, not him.  Lindsey walked slowly, drawn by a need she didn’t understand.  She reached the door and placed her hand against it as though feeling for a fire on the other side.  There was nothing.  She stood on tip toes and put her eye to the peep hole.  It wasn’t her father; it was a young man – a clean cut young man.  She breathed a sigh of relief.
“It’s okay, honey,” she called to Jenna.  “I’ve got it.”  That was more fallout from her shit hole father; the girl was terrified of a knock on the door.  Would she ever get over it?  Lindsey opened the door and the young man smiled.
“Hello, Lindsey Haige?” he asked.  Now that the door was open, the young man didn’t look so clean cut.  There was a day’s razor stubble on his face and blood congealed on his clothes.  She was about to slam the door when she saw something in his eyes that stopped her.
He held out a coffee cup, the take-out kind with a plastic cover on top.  “Do you like strawberry syrup?
“What . . .?” she asked.  There were images flickering in his pupils like an old Charlie Chaplin movie.  She looked closer, disbelieving.  This was all wrong, but she couldn’t tear herself away.
“I brought coffee with lots of strawberry syrup in it.  I thought we could drink it - or just pour it on each other and get sticky, you know?”
“. . . sticky?”  She was horrified, but she couldn’t pull her gaze away, couldn’t run.  It was his thoughts she could see in there or maybe it was the future.  It was an image of him doing things to her.  She watched it with disgust, and fascination.  He reached out.
26

The goats were bleating.  They were hungry and they were jostling for first space at the trough.  Jamila chided them, calling them by name, telling them there was plenty of corn for all.  Mama didn’t like her calling the goats by name.  She didn’t think anyone should get close to an animal that was used for food, but Jamila couldn’t help it.  The goats were pets and someday they might be food.  It was part of life.  That’s the way it was.
She poured out the rest of the corn and stepped back to let the goats in, the steel pail swinging in her hand.  She watched them eat for a moment.  The sun was hot on her skin, but the dirt under her bare feet was cool from the night before.  Jamila glanced up from the goats and out at the ocean.  There were several fishing boats plying the water, trailing their nets and she wondered which one Papa was on. They were too far away to tell.  She heard Mama humming a song as she hung wash on the line alongside the shack they called home.  Mama did wash for the rich folks in town.  She worked every bit as hard as Papa.  Sometimes the man kept Papa late, packing fish, and by the time he came home, he had soaked up the smell.  Mama hugged him and sometimes called him her grande pece; her big fish.
Jamila turned and hurried to put the pail away.  Mama had given permission to play with her friends if she finished her chores early.  Her friends were only a few houses down and one of them had a new jump rope.  It was long enough for two girls to jump in the middle, but Jamila wanted to be an end girl.  She wanted to sing the jumping song and twirl the rope in rhythm.
She was nearing the house when the sky darkened and a cold wind began to blow.  Trash flew by and the tar paper on the side of the house began to flap.  There was a roaring sound from far off and it grew louder.  Jamila turned to her Mama for understanding, but saw horror on her mother’s face.  The look turned from horror to pain as she clutched her chest and sank to the ground.  Jamila tossed the pail away and ran to her mother’s side.
“Mama, mama,” she cried.  Her mother’s hair blew in the wind, as she lay on the ground staring upward.  Her face had turned ashen grey to reflect the new color of the sky.  The roaring sound continued to grow and the earth trembled.  Jamila turned toward the ocean, toward the sound.  The fishing boats were no longer plying the sea; the ocean had drawn out from under them, stranding them in muck.  The water had drawn back to create a wall a mile high, rolling toward land.  White froth boiled on the top edge of the wave as it rushed forward pushing the cold wind in front of it.  The wave reached the fishing boats and obliterated them.  In moments it came in, towering above Jamila, blotting out the sun.  She could sense the coldness and weight of the water before it fell on her and she screamed.

* * *

She sat up in bed, her body coated with sweat.  The sheets were twisted as though she had been writhing in her sleep.  It was the dream again.  It wasn’t always a wave; several times it was an earthquake where a chasm opened up to swallow her whole.  One time the moon crashed into the earth and cracked it in two.  The meaning was always the same, though, it was always the end; the apocalypse.
Jamila got out of bed and went into the kitchen.  She had an advantage over most people; others had no idea what to do about their dreams, Jamila knew what to do.  She picked up the bottle from her counter top and shook it.  The liquid was beginning to turn amber.  It would be dark brown by the time it was ready.  Herbs twisted and turned in the fluid, soaking, giving up their essence.  She had added them a bit at a time in a certain order dictated by an old recipe - how old she could only guess.  It had been handed down through her family and no one was sure when or where it had originated.  The instructions were exacting and strange.  It was impossible to tell which ones were important and which ones were superstition.  She followed them all.
Jamila had been getting the dreams since that Brooks boy came to see her; the drunk one.  She had thrown him out and for good reason.  The other ones who saw visions had a bad time of it.  They tried to cling to her like ticks to a juicy vein because somewhere in the backs of their minds they knew they were in trouble.  They knew they were doomed.  They had each died within a week, and it was always a violent death.
The Brooks boy’s trouble was on its way, but he wasn’t dead yet, she knew that because the dreams were still coming and they were mounting in intensity.  He wasn’t dead because he was at the center of the trouble and it whirled around him like a destructive wind around the eye of a hurricane.  Grandmother had believed there was a conscious entity at the root of chaos; a being or beings that wielded evil as a tool to an end.  The trick was to stay at the periphery of the wind storm, to draw on the power but not be noticed.  Brooks was noticed, he was singled out.  It was too late for him but she could distance herself.
Jamila hated the half-gift she had been given and the lack of control she exercised over it.  Sometimes she longed for her childhood, before the sight came, before the uncertainty and the fakery.  Her grandmother had true sight, strong sight.  When it appeared in Jamila, Grandmother told her it would grow.  It never did.  Not much, anyway.  Grandmother said it would bring an inner peace.  It didn’t.  Instead, the uncontrollable manner in which it came and went caused her confusion.  She tried to exercise her power to make it stronger, but she was never sure when it was there or when it was her own imagination.  Most times she didn’t know and after a while, she became accustomed to the ruse.  She became good at it.  Still, there was guilt.  When grandmother died, Jamila was expected to take her place, but she was unable to fill the void the powerful woman had left.  Grandmother had possessed a confidence, the kind that only came from possessing the true gift, the whole gift that Jamila never had.  She couldn’t face the people as a charlatan, so she left the island and she tried to leave her uncertain trade behind.  But the gravity of true nature was strong and soon she was practicing again.  Only occasionally did her power appear for real; when she sent someone into a trance accidentally.  Sometimes they came back with a vision and the result was always horrible.  Those people had been noticed by the entity, the source of her half power, the source of her Grandmother’s power.  Jamila had an inkling that part of it came back into our world looking for those people.  Thinking about it sent a cold tingle down her neck.
She set the bottle down and opened a cabinet, looking for the next ingredient.  There was a jar and she extracted a greasy, slug-like thing from it using a surgical tool.  There were things back on the island that couldn’t be found anywhere in continental America, but her friends could get them, if she asked.  Jamila slipped the greasy thing into the bottle and re-corked it.  That little ticky boy would be coming back.  He would be looking for the nice fat vein to suck on.  He would be looking for answers; something to cling to.  She held the bottle up and watched the contents swirl inside it.  She had his answers right here.  Jamila began to chant a song; a prayer for strength.  It would add to the ingredients of the bottle as well.
27

Four cops searched the area where Brooks had fallen but Grippa had a hunch the kid was already gone.  First the fall from the bridge and now this – Grippa wondered how many lives the kid had.
“Detective,” one of the cops called from his car.  He held up the radio mic.  Grippa took it and cast a look up the road.  There were lamps along the street and he half expected to see a shadowy figure slipping across it, but the road stayed empty.
“Grippa,” he said, pressing the talk button.  The reply came through in standard radio crackle.  It was Tubbs, working late.
“Tony, something came in just now I thought you should know about.  It’s a rape - a home invasion.  The woman is in the hospital.”
“Yeah?”  Grippa wondered what that had to do with him.
“It’s a Lindsey Haige from twenty one Debuque Street.”
 He froze.  His eyes gazed down the road, but his mind ricocheted.  His daughter . . . so tough, so angry.  She had fought her own father, but she hadn’t been able to fight off a real threat.  A certainty filled him; if he could find the man responsible, he would kill him.  The anger pulsed in him.  Then another thought broke through – she would need him – a father – a cop; she would need them both.  He held the mic to his mouth.
“What hospital?” he asked.
“Tony –“ Grippa cut him off.  
“What hospital?”
“You sure?”  He and Tubbs knew each other’s lives.
“She’s my daughter, dammit; what hospital?”
“The Elliot.”
“Thanks, Duane,” Grippa said, “thanks.”  He dropped the mike on the driver’s seat  “I’ve got to go,” he shouted Simms.  “You might as well pack it in here.  He’s gone.  Get a few cruisers to cover the streets.  You might catch him hoofing it out of here.”
 “You need me to come along?” Simms asked.
“It’s my daughter.  Probably best to keep it in the family, but thanks Rodge.  Take care of things here.”   
Simms nodded.
The Elliot Hospital was on the far side of the city.  Grippa drove it with his siren on, weaving between cars that moved aside too slowly.  He flashed his badge at the woman at the front desk and asked for his daughter’s room number.
“New arrival,” said the woman, peering at her computer screen, “the room number hasn’t been posted yet, but it would have to be the third floor.  You could ask at the –“  Grippa was already gone, rushing up the stairwell, two steps at a time.  He burst through the doorway on the third floor.  A nurse was speaking in low tones with a doctor.  Grippa interrupted, showing his badge.
“Detective Grippa, ma’am.  I’d like you to take me to Lindsey Haige.”
The nurse glanced worriedly at the doctor.  “I don’t think she’s –“  
“I’m her father.  Could you give me the room number, please.”
“Oh – I’m sorry.”  She glanced down at a roster to find the room number.
The doctor cut in.  “I’m the attending physician, I can take you to her.  You are her father but you are also a policeman; are you investigating the case?”
“That’s up to the chief.”
They turned down a hallway. “She’s asleep now.  I gave her a sedative.  Your daughter was very distraught over the baby.”
“You mean her little girl.”
“I mean the baby.  Her husband left with the girl.  I believe he was taking her to his parents.”
“What baby are you talking about?”
“The one she’s carrying.”
“I didn’t know she was pregnant.”
“She didn’t seem to know either.”
“Could you be mistaken?”  Grippa asked.
“We did the test twice.  She’s about two weeks along.”
They entered the room where a woman lay sleeping, the covers rising and falling with her breath.  Grippa hardly recognized her.  Her face was battered and drawn.   
“I’ll leave you alone,” the doctor said.  Grippa touched the woman’s hand.   Her eyes fluttered open.
“Lindsey, it’s me.”
She glanced at him.  “Oh, God.”  Her head turned slightly away.  “This happens and they send you.”
“I’m your father - and a cop.  You need both right now.”  She sighed and refused to look at him.  He had no idea how to reach her.  “You’re pregnant; you didn’t know?”
“Bullshit.  Ted is practically impotent; we haven’t had sex in months.”
“Someone else?”  
She laughed derisively.  “Now you imply I’m a slut.  These are strange questions for a rape victim; very comforting, father.”
Grippa scowled.  “I don’t judge, I investigate.  The alternative to the child being your husband’s or your lover’s is that you’re carrying the rapist’s child and it’s already two weeks along.  That’s not possible.  Maybe the doctor is mistaken.  We’ll leave that question for now.” 
He asked another question.
“You didn’t know the man who attacked you?”  She closed her eyes and shook her head.  “Can you describe him?” he asked.
“Yes . . .”  Her face tightened, fighting back a sob.  Tears appeared at the corners of her eyes but she drew in a breath and continued.  Grippa was proud.
“He was young – early twenties I think, blonde hair.  There was blood all down his front – lots of it – it smelled awful.”  She broke out crying despite her effort.  Grippa clasped her shoulder.
“Was there anything else?” he asked.
She nodded and pulled herself together.  “There was a snake,” she said, sniffing, “on his hand.” 
Grippa gritted his teeth.  He didn’t realize how hard he was squeezing her shoulder.

* * *

Officer Tate and his partner stood outside Hinky’s diner looking in the window.  They had been partners for a year and a half now and they had seen a lot of messed up things but never anything like this.  A call had come in about a disturbance but it hadn’t been clear what the disturbance was.
Inside the diner they was a smoke-like mass, whirling and twisting.  It moved in some unified manner as though there were an intelligence behind it.  When Tate looked closer he saw it was billions of tiny specs swimming through the air like a school of fish.  They traveled in parallel, turning in unison, in perfect synchronization forming vortices and swirls.  It was almost hypnotizing.  There were people in there, sitting calmly at tables, barely visible through the smoke.
“Why don’t they leave?” His partner asked.
“Hell if I know.  How can they even breathe?”  Tate watched for a few moments longer, wondering, then shook his head.  This seemed more like a job for the fire department – or the health department.  “Why don’t we air the place out?” he said and opened the door.  A tendril of the specs broke off from the larger mass and came out through the door, whirling around their heads.
Tate blinked and raised his hands to his face to brush them away.  They swarmed his face and crawled up his nostrils like gnats.  It tickled but he didn’t sneeze.  The feeling wasn’t entirely unpleasant, somewhat like heading into the haunted house at Whalom park when he was a kid; frightening but thrilling.  Instead of sneezing them out, he had the urge to sniff in and he did.  The excitement and anticipation piqued like a cocaine rush and suddenly there were voices – in his head.  
. . . one of us . . .  they spoke in unison, in words at first.  Then they spoke in a language of emotions and feelings so clear that he felt he had known it all his life.  A bright spark flared in Phil’s heart.  It was a concept, whole and complete, larger than any he had ever known.  It was an idea of the good he could do for the world, they could all do if they were guided by a single purpose, a single mind, unencumbered by the pettiness of the old rules, the old commandments.  It was clear and exhilarating.  But they would need to erase the old leaders, first.  He looked at his partner’s face and knew that he saw it too.
28 

Pastor Fitz stepped out into the parking lot and looked up.  He had received a handful of calls since sunrise and now he had come out to see for himself.  The sun was huge, at least four times its normal size.  It shown against a dark sky and it boiled like liquid fire.  Now he understood why the moon had been so red last night, it was reflecting light from that.  The oddest thing, though, may have been the sky around the sun.  It was a backdrop of roiling clouds as though the sun were hanging below them.  It occurred to Fitz that Hell wasn’t necessarily under the Earth as the apocrypha implied.
Fitz was about to return to the parsonage to check the news reports when he noticed the side door to the church was ajar.  He walked over to close it and noticed the pane nearest the handle was broken, shattered glass strewn on the floor inside.   Fitz stood quietly in the open doorway, listening.  There was no sound, so he asked God for courage and entered, walking quietly, looking for anything or anyone out of place.  It was only a short walk before he found a young man sleeping on the carpet.  His eyes rolled and twitched a dream.
“Hello there,” Fitz said, squatting down.  The young man’s arms came up, whirling, as he started awake.
“Easy, son, easy,” Fitz said, gripping him.  “This a church, not a boxing ring.”
The young man’s fight lessened as he realized he was not in danger.  Fitz saw awareness slowly enter his eyes.
“Thank God you’re awake,” the pastor said, “You were fighting pretty hard.”  
The man settled his arms by his sides.  There was a sheen of sweat on his face and he was breathing hard.  
“Relax, son.  You must have had a bad dream.”
“I Wish . . .,” the man said, more to himself.  He looked around, as though remembering where he was and why.  Fitz studied him wondering what kind of drugs he was on.  The kid was dirty, his cloths were torn and there were handcuffs hanging on one arm. 
“I was waiting,” the young man said, sitting up.  “Are you Pastor Fitz?”
“Yes,” Fitz said, warily.  He detected no immediate malice so he offered a hand and helped  the man up off the floor.
“I’m sorry about your door.”
“Windows can be fixed,” Fitz said.
“I was hoping you could answer some questions.”
“Absolutely.  I hope somewhere along the way you’ll offer more explanation on why you were sleeping on our church floor.”
“ I will,” he said, but he rolled out a blunt question.  “Were you working on a book with Sol Costas?”
The pastor cocked his head.  “Yes, a book about the apocrypha.  Your turn.”
“Oh . . .”  The young man rubbed his face.  “I’m Tom Brooks, a friend of Sol’s.  He – I’m - he died yesterday.”
“Died . . .,” Fitz said, his face falling.  “what happened?”
The man rubbed his face.  “He was murdered.”
Fitz’s eyes trailed to the handcuffs hanging from Tom’s arm.
“Not by me, by my roommate.  The police think I did it, though.”
“You won’t help the situation by running.  You should turn yourself in to clear this up.”
Tom shook his head.  “The police can’t help with this.  I think you might, though. “  He paused, appearing to gather his thoughts.  “You were working on that book with Sol –”  Tom held up his hand to show the snake mark. “Does this mean anything to you?”
Fitz gripped Tom’s wrist, looking intently.
“I’ve seen that before – in . . .”
“. . . in the book of Azael.  I know.  Azael is here.  He’s possessed my roommate and murdered Sol.”
 A number of expressions crossed the Pastor’s face.  When they came together, he pulled Tom to the window.
“Have you seen this?”  Fitz asked.  “Do you know what it means?”
“Holy God,” Tom said.  “Why’s going on?”
“You don’t know?”
Tom shook his head.
“You’re the Arbiter.  You’re the cause.  You need to make a choice, the Earth is unraveling.”
“Sol said something about a choice, something about the beginning and the end if I don’t make it.  I don’t know what choice I have to make.  I think Sol knew something but Azael stopped him.  What do I do?”
“How did you get this mark on your hand?  Where did it come from?”
“I don’t know - it’s been getting worse over time.  It was just scar from an injury, then I touched a communion plate and it hurt like hell.  Now it looks like this.”
“You’ve been marked.  The choice is something only you could know.  What else did Sol tell you?”
“Nothing – except he said a word.  I’m not sure if it means anything – messerstich.  Do you know what it means?”
Fitz shook his head.  “Sol was the linguist.  I think ‘Messer’ is German for ‘knife’.  Stich –,“  He made a stabbing motion, “stick?  Stab?  Wound?  I don’t know.”  
Tom threw his hands up.
“Azael was in my face telling me what he wants.  Where the hell is God?  He’s pretty passive considering his creation is at stake.”
“He’s not passive, Tom, he’s made his move.  He chose you as arbiter.”
“That’s his winning move?  Picking a guy who knows nothing about this?  It seems more like Azael picked me and God shrugged his shoulders.  Azael even put his mark on me,” Tom said, flashing the snake mark on his hand.
“You think that’s Azael’s mark?”
“It is.  Azael told me.”
“You think he branded you like a cow?”  Fitz grabbed Tom’s hand and spread the palm out.  “This is the Nehushtan, it’s a dual symbol.  God gave it to his people as a symbol of hope but they turned it into a cult symbol.  It can stand for either good or evil - duality.  It means the choice is yours.  You aren’t owned by either side.  Azael is lying when he says it’s his mark.  He’ll do anything to own your mind.”
The sound of a car grinding to a halt in the gravel parking lot interrupted them.  Tom looked out, then drew back.
“It’s the police.  How did they know I was here?”
Fitz looked out to see two uniformed officers getting out of a squad car.
“I don’t know, I didn’t call them.”  He turned back.  “Tom, we need to talk more.  You have more important things to do than sit in a jail cell.  Come with me.”  He led Tom down a hallway.  “We have activity rooms downstairs,” he said.  “I doubt they’ll be poking around down there.”  He opened a door on a stairway.  “I’ll let you know when they’re gone.”  Fitz pressed something into Tom’s hand  just before he turned away.  “Take this.  It might have some of your answers.”
Tom started down the stairway but stopped when he heard the door close behind him.  It was a frightening sound, a sound of entrapment.  He didn’t like being in this hole with no way out.  He wondered why God hadn’t picked Fitz or Sol as arbiter instead but he remembered God had only half the choice.  He glanced at what was in his hand.  It was a tiny bible with gold edging on the pages.  Lots of pages.  Too many to search through for an answer in a short time.  He hoped Fitz would explain it later.  Tom stuffed the bible in his pocket.
He walked the rest of the way down the stairs.  It was carpeted and finished but it still had the dank smell of a cellar.  He was in a large room, a kind of catch-all activity room with folded tables leaning against the wall and a hallway running off it.  He rubbed his palm.  The image had begun to itch.
The feeling of entombment was strong.  Tom decided not to wait for Fitz; something didn’t seem right.  The police had found him here somehow and they might find him here in the cellar, too.  He decided to find his own way out.  Tom moved down the hall and opened a door.  The lights were out and he flipped them on.  It was a music room.  There was a drum set, an electronic keyboard and some music stands set at different heights.  Amplifier cables were strewn across the floor leading nowhere.  There were shelves of what looked like bound sheet music.  No outside door.  He was about to move on when he heard raised voices upstairs.  Tom angled his ear to listen but it didn’t repeat.  
He kept an ear on in it as he moved to another door in the hallway.  This one said ‘Arts and Crafts’.  Tom had to turn the lights on here too and he realized there were no windows in this cellar, a feature he found odd.  The room smelled of glue and paint.  There were stray sequins on the carpet along with other colored bits.  Two folding tables were pushed together in the center of the room, their surfaces blotched with paint.  He scratched his palm to stop the itching again.
Tom heard feet trooping about on the floor above.  The movement was far too animated to be a simple conversation between three men.  He wondered if he should go up to see what was going on but decided not to.  He was hiding down here for a reason.  
He was about to turn the knob on a door marked ‘Athletic Equipment’ when there was a crash from above followed by cursing and laughter.  He moved to the bottom of the stairs and listened.  The sounds didn’t fit a conversation between a pastor and two policemen so Tom took the stairs two at a time and shoved the door open.  Two men, cops, stood halted in mid-action, shocked by the intruder.  A bookcase lay tipped face down on top of a heap of books.  One cop was frozen in the act of slopping gasoline from a gas can, the other cop held a book, dangling by its cover.  
“Shit, it’s him,” said the gas-can cop.
The other cop, the one holding the book suddenly flung it at him.  Tom batted it away.
“Damn, he is fast,” Gas-can laughed.
The other cop spoke.  A tag on his uniform said ‘Tate’.  “They said you might be here.  You’re the doorman.”
They?  Tom wondered.  doorman?   “Where’s Pastor Fitz?” he said in a harsh voice.
“Pastor Fitz has no tits”  Gas-can said, grinning with amusement.  “Hey,” he slopped some gasoline toward Tom, “what do you do if the foo shits?” Tom tried to dodge but some gas landed on his sneaker.
“You wear the shoes of Pastor Fitz!” Gas-can cackled at his own answer.
 “Don’t you worry about Fitzwilly,” Tate replied.  “He is right where he’s needs to be.  Although, his future doesn’t look good.”  He drew a wooden match from his pocket.  “God is dead, you know – and there’s a hole in the sky.”  He popped the match with his thumbnail.  “The ground’s not cold.”  The match flared to life.
“Oh shit,” gas-can said, his grin growing impossibly larger.  He dropped the can and backed toward the doorway.
“And if the ground’s not cold, everything is gonna burn.”  The cop flipped his match to the floor and the gasoline burst into flames with a ‘whump’.  Tom felt the heat on his face.  The flames made a sound like a flag whipping in the wind as they licked up the gasoline.  
“We’ll all take turns,” the cop shouted, from the far side of the flames, “the Pastor, too.”
Tom staggered back onto the stairs, stomping his flaming left foot.  He kicked off his sneaker and sent it bouncing down the stairs.  The room was blazing with fury now.  The heat on Tom’s skin was intense and he had to back down into the cellar, stumbling the last few steps.  He wondered what the cops had done with Fitz and why they had set the church on fire.  He stomped on the sneaker until it went out
“That’ll slow him down,” he heard Gas-can laugh from a far room.  Tom tested his sneaker for heat and slipped it back on.  The sole was a little melted.  
There was a loud ‘snap’ from a corner of the cellar.  Tom glanced toward it, wondering what it was, when he heard it again.  He realized it was the breaker box; the fire was melting wires and blowing the breakers.  There was one more snap and the cellar went dark.  He was left with only a red glow from the fire at the top of the stairwell.
Tom’s heart beat hard.  The fire was burning fast.  He couldn’t get out through the upstairs and he hadn’t found an exit down here.  It had to be in the Athletic Equipment room, it was the only place he hadn’t checked.
 Smoke was collecting near the ceiling, forcing its way down the stairwell.  He wondered how the smoke could be coming down and realized there were dynamics in a fire he didn’t understand.  A dim glow from the flames reached the far end of the hallway and Tom made his way down it to the Athletic Equipment room.  He found the knob and shoved the door open.  Smoke billowed in as soon as he did.
Tom’s eyes scanned the walls in the low light, looking for the door that had to be here.  The glow from the fire barely illuminated the wall straight ahead.  The rest was in darkness.  The door had to be in one of those outside walls, though.  He moved toward the right wall and felt his way along it, sliding his hands, feeling for a knob or a doorjamb.  He reached the intersection of two walls without finding anything and began to move along the next one.  This one was blocked mostly by cabinets and shelves and Tom skipped over them.  He reached the next intersection and prayed that it he would find the door in this last stretch.  His fingertips slid over the roughness of concrete.  His heart leaped when they touched what appeared to be a door jamb but it turned out to be more shelves.  He came to the end of his search and found nothing. There was no door.  Perhaps it was hidden behind the shelves or it might be in another room that he had missed.  
Smoke had filled the room enough that he could only breathe by hunching down into the fresh air.  The sound of the fire had increased to a roar.  Heat radiated down from the boards above his head.
 Tom turned and slammed the door to the hall shut to keep more smoke from entering.  He expected instant darkness but instead, there was a dim light.  Daylight filtered in through a gap around a pipe that pierced the concrete wall.  The hole around the pipe was imperfect, jagged as though it had been broken out as an afterthought.  Insulation was stuffed in the gap but some of it had fallen away.
There was a weight bench nearby and Tom dragged it to the wall so he could climb up.  He pulled the rest of the insulation away and peered through the gap by pressing his head against the pipe.  There was a space was on the other side of the wall.  It was the side of the building facing the parking lot.  He wondered why it was there and decided it didn’t matter; it was outside of this soon-to-be ash heap and that’s where he wanted to be.
Tom found a forty pound dumbbell with the weight equipment, hefted it, raised it and pounded it against the concrete.  It did little, other than bounce back and spray chips in his face.  He felt that a few chips were a start so he pounded more, believing that something had to give; either the wall or his strength.
At one point he stopped to wipe sweat from his face and he touched the ceiling out of curiosity.  The heat from the fire was nearly enough to burn his fingers and he drew them back quickly.  It wouldn’t be long before the fire was down here.
Tom resumed pounding, with renewed vigor.  He was beginning to lose hope when the wall cracked.  Another round of pounding and a chunk of concrete fell into the darkness beyond letting a dank smell waft out.  Tom peered in.  It was a narrow space with daylight filtering in at the far end.  Encouraged, Tom began pounding again.
There was a shuddering crash above him as part of the building collapsed and Tom flinched, afraid it would come through the ceiling to bury him.  By some miracle, the ceiling held.  Only a few sparks sifted down from between the floorboards.
The concrete broke away easier now until at last he had a hole big enough to wriggle through.  He could see now how truly narrow the space on the far side was, certainly not meant for a person to pass through.  It would have to do.
All this time there had been no sound of sirens, no indication that the fire department was here and Tom wondered how that was possible.  He dropped the dumbbell and pulled himself up, over the jagged edge of the concrete.  It was just wide enough to fit through.  He pulled himself forward by gripping the pipe that ran through the space.  Tom knew that stopping here was not an option.  He would be cooked alive by the fire at this close proximity.  His goal was that daylight ahead.  Perhaps it was an exit.

* * *

The water was up to his armpits and it was warm.  It had started out cold but the fire had warmed it up as it ratcheted up in intensity.  The church had finally collapsed into the cellar hole as he had expected, sending coals out near his new prison.  He wondered if the water would keep heating up until he was boiled alive.  He was trapped in a cistern beneath the parking lot.  The channel from the church cellar had led here, some kind of sluiceway that had been covered over by newer construction.  Tom thought the pipe he had followed was a drainage pipe from the roof.  Another hole led out and away from the cistern but it was far too small to crawl through.
Daylight filtered through a grate above him.  The grate was set there to catch runoff from the parking lot above.  There was no escape that way, though.  A car had parked its front left tire squarely on it.  He continued to monitor the fire from here.  When he pressed his face against the iron lattice he could see that another building had caught fire.  Tom wondered when the fire department would show up.
His view of the sky also gave a view of the screwed up sun.  It blazed with intensity as though in sympathy with the burning building nearby.  It was frightening to see, huge and churning.  He could imagine how the rest of the people in the city felt, looking it.  At least he had an idea of what was going on.  
It was a long time before anyone answered his calls for help.  In Tom’s experience, fires drew crowds and emergency vehicles but not today.  People didn’t seem eager to gather under that sick sun to watch a fire.  At last someone came in answer to his calls.  Tom didn’t recognize the face at first, not until the man spoke.
“I told you Old Charlie was cumin’,” he said.  He gave a grin that was more gap than tooth.  “You’re tastin it now!”  It was the wino from the alley, the one who had scared Lyn.  Tom peered up, wondering if there was any chance this man would help him.  He barely had time to duck the urine when it began to splash down.  The wino cackled.
“That’s pure gold, boy.  You can take it to the bank.”  
Tom parked himself on a shelf, away from the dripping urine.  He was able to rest and keep his head above water as he waited for freedom.  The water was growing hotter and not just from the wino’s piss.

Old Charlie stole the handle
And the train, it won’t stop going
No way to slow down.

- Jethro Tull
- Locomotive Breath
29

The voice ground out of the radio, rough and low; Johnny Lee Hooker.  Azael tapped his hand to the music and pushed the gas pedal down.  The speed crept up to ninety three.  The convertible rocketed down the highway, the wind blowing through his hair.  He was far outside the city where the sun hadn’t soured yet.  Yellow rays shown down.  Azael pressed a button on the dashboard and a compartment opened revealing sunglasses.  He slipped them on.  The owner wouldn’t mind.  He was in the trunk.
The convertible rolled east on 101, out of Manchester, away from the dark clouds and the red boiling sun.  He was leaving that mess behind, but it was only temporary; he was the catalyst for the fracture and it spread with him as he moved.  A dark line of clouds grew out from the city, tracing his path like a filthy contrail.  Azael looked up at it.
“I’ll be damned,” he said with a laugh, gazing at it for a few moments.  Then he turned his attention back to the road and resumed slapping his hand to the beat.
The woman hadn’t liked the strawberry coffee – not at all.  She wasn’t what he would call a ‘good sport’.  She had fought wildly, biting and kicking.  He had to beat her into submission in the end.
Her little girl had interrupted them.  He had been humping away, the strawberry coffee growing sticky between their naked bodies, when he looked up and there she was.  She stood with her arms at her sides, her head low, a confused expression on her face.
“Hello, little girl,” he said, grinning, not missing a beat.  The girl’s mom lay underneath him, nose broken, teeth missing, one eye beginning to swell.  Azael looked down at the woman and back up at the girl.  “Your mom’s going to be fine - really.”  There was no response so he added,  “She doesn’t like strawberry coffee, does she?”  Then he jerked spasmodically and groaned in climax.  It made him feel human and that was ecstasy in itself.  The little girl’s bladder let go at the sight of this primal manifestation and her urine gushed across the floor.  He laughed at that.  Her mother would be okay - for a while.  But eventually the baby would claw its way out of her belly, ripping her apart from the inside.  That wouldn’t be pretty.
It had happened before, long ago.  His twisted offspring had stood beside him in an ancient battle that he could have won easily.  He should have won, but a man of light had stepped forward and then . . . and then . . . and then what?  Azael pounded the steering wheel.  He couldn’t remember what.  It had happened so long ago, but it wasn’t time that had washed away the memory, it was something else.  The warden had taken it – the old one.  
He would not lose this time.  He had the dark arc and not even an act of God could stop it.  He had the power to manipulate the old one within his reach.  Azael breathed deep and leaned back against the seat. 

* * *

Officer Randy Coop licked sugar from his fingers as he waited in his car on the shoulder of Route 101.  He glanced at the radar readout and listened to the crackle of the police radio.  This was a good spot for a trap; the hill hid him from oncoming cars until it was too late.  He had let several offenders roll by; one doing sixty four and the other sixty seven.  Normally he would have stopped mister sixty seven, but he was in the middle of a powdered donut and a man had to maintain his priorities.  It was mister sixty seven’s lucky day.  
Coop glanced in his rear view mirror and at first he saw only the dark cloud billowing up the highway.
“What the hell?” he said aloud, leaning forward to get a better look in his mirror.  Then the radar alarm screeched wildly indicating a speeder doing more than twenty over the limit.  He looked down at the readout; ninety eight, and then craned his neck all the way around to look out the rear window.
“Holy crap,” he said, powdered sugar still painting his lips.  He couldn’t wait to stop this one.  God only knew what equipment the guy was running to make that cloud.  Coop was sure this bust would end up in the newspaper, maybe even the evening news.  He flipped on his blues.

* * *

Azael could feel the cop before he saw him; his senses were getting stronger as the collective poured more strength into this body.  His power was growing in other ways as well.  That prison had been sucking him dry but there was no drain in this world.  He had forgotten how good it felt.
The cop was within the sphere, within his aura and it reflected back like sonar.  Azael could see the man’s hopes and fears, his vices, his weaknesses.  He could select any one of them.  He made a gun shape with his hand and leveled it as he passed the cop.
“Gluttony,” he said, dropping his thumb like a hammer.  He made a popping sound with his mouth.
The cop’s head jerked back.  A moment of confusion passed through him, then it all became clear.  He was hungry.  The box of donuts sat on the seat next to him and he wondered why he hadn’t gobbled them up already, being so hungry.  Officer Coop picked up the box and held it to his face, inhaling deeply.  A moan of pleasure escaped him.  He wasn’t just hungry; it was like there was a hole at the very core of his being that could only be filled by food.  These little guys were mighty handy.
Coop stuffed one into his mouth.  It was big so he had to push hard to make it fit.  Chewing was difficult with it packed in so tight.  He knew he could never satisfy his hunger at this rate so he pushed another one in, hoping it would force the first one down.  He was happy to see it was working.  Oh yes, it was working.  The pasty dough inched its way toward the back of his throat.  Back and then downward.  He could still breath through his nose so it was all good.  Then his throat convulsed in a swallow reflex and the mush made it past his sinus passage, cutting off his air.  He was a bit alarmed at first but then he realized that his lungs were just two big cavities and he could fill those with food, too.  Coop picked up a forth donut and began to force that into his mouth as well.  He pushed with all his fingers as he turned blue.
 
* * *

Azael continued to head east toward the town of Exeter.  People turned to look up at the black contrail that bored through the sky above and gawk in amazement.  It turned off the highway following a series of back roads until it reached a particular bungalow as Azael pulled in.  He punched his brakes in the gravel driveway, spraying rocks out across the lawn and stepped from the car as the engine died.  Azael headed around to the trunk.  He couldn’t pay these folks a visit without presenting something to the lady of the house.
 Azael made a series of hacking and crunching sounds with a tire iron.  There was a final sound like a pot roast being pulled from a tight hole and he was done.  He stepped to the front door where he rang the bell.
Tom had made a phone call, Azael knew, warning his parents to leave, that evil was on the way.  He also knew it had made no difference.  Tom’s parents were here, just like they were supposed to be.  He had seen to it.  He had found Tom’s call in the tree long ago and had countered it by giving Mr. Brooks a heart condition, medication complications, minor car trouble and good old New England stubbornness.  It took time and patience but in his prison that’s all there was.
A woman answered the door.  She had a frightened look on her face and a husband standing next to her with a shotgun.  The gun didn’t bother Azael, it had been his own idea; give them a shotgun for a false sense of security.  It sealed the deal.
“Mister and Mrs. Brooks,” the demon said, “I’m a friend of Tom’s and I know you’re as worried about him as I am.  Worry no more.  I bring you – “ he presented an object from behind his back, “piece of mind.” His grin was broad.

* * *

Grippa and Simms pulled up in front of the property of Arlan and Eleanor Brooks.  They were out of their jurisdiction but they had every right to come here and ask a few questions.  The kid had slipped through the line at Rimmon Park somehow but Grippa was willing to bet he was here.  His car wasn’t here but there was a Firebird parked in the driveway.  Simms tried to check the plates with dispatch but the radio connection back to Manchester was screwy.  He had to give that up.  They were parked on the street and the two detectives stepped out of the car.
Grippa had left the hospital, confused and angry.  His daughter was two weeks pregnant after only two hours.  Bullshit.  Something was going on.  She had been raped and somehow it involved Brooks.  He didn’t know how; Brooks would have to be in two places at once.  Everything around this kid was weird and Grippa was beginning to wonder if there was something to this paranormal crap the kid had tried to feed him.  More likely, though, the kid was crazy.
They stole across the lawn, toward the house and then hesitated.  There was a bloody swipe on the wall and a lump of meat on the top step.  As they looked closer, Grippa recognized it as a chunk of brain and stopped for a moment, horrified.  He was amazed how this job offered new and twisted experiences, even after all these years.  Simms peered at it too, then followed Grippa’s lead as he pulled his gun.  The door was ajar.  If it appeared someone was in trouble, they could enter the property, even outside their jurisdiction.  ‘Guns drawn’ was a grey area that Grippa was willing to argue later.
They stood on either side of the door, surveying the scene.  Grippa hoped to find Brooks inside.  He would take him alive, if he could; there were questions that needed answers, but after the questions were answered - who knew?  Killing him would be a blow for sanity.  
“Eyes open,” Grippa said.  They stepped through the door, Grippa first, and flattened their backs against opposite sides of the entryway.  There was a bloody streak on the floor leading straight up the hall to a far room.  Grippa nodded to Simms, then turned to followed it.  Simms stayed put, covering his back.
The hallway opened on a kitchen that was bathed in sunshine.  It looked to Grippa like a warm place for a family breakfast or a small Thanksgiving dinner.  It made the bodies he found appear all the more out of place.  They lay on the floor in the sun, two of them, mutilated almost beyond humanity.
He let out a breath before he could catch himself, then turned quickly to hold up a hand for Simms to stop.  It was too late.
‘What . . .” Simms got out before he saw the signal.  He had taken a single step, making a sound on the floor.  Grippa thought later that one of the sounds, the voice or the step, must have pinpointed him.  The next moment, an arm punched through the wall and wrapped around Simms’s neck.  Simms dropped his pistol to wrestle with the arm clutching him.
 Grippa moved forward to help his partner but before he could even get around the kitchen island, the arm pulled back with enormous force, dragging Simms through the wall.  Grippa changed direction, away from the hole Simms had disappeared through hoping to come in behind the intruder.  He took four steps down a short hall and turned through a doorway, his gun at the ready.  As he rounded the corner there was a crack and the thump of a heavy object hitting the floor.  A man was turning from the prone body of his partner.  A broken wire sparked in the freshly torn hole in the wall.  It wasn’t Tom Brooks standing over Simms, it was Richard Flitwick and he had a pleased look on his face.
“Your daughter is a great fuck,” he said,  “Tell her I said hello.”  He turned, moving toward a window, giving a wave of dismissal as he did.  In that moment, Grippa saw the image on the man’s palm, the snake.
Grippa raised his pistol and fired.  The man jerked but managed to follow through with his running leap at the closed window.  It was a movie stunt, something that could only work on the big screen but Flitwick blew straight through it shattering both glass and wood.  Grippa bounded forward to see him getting up off the lawn, glass shards raining off him, grinning.  Grippa aimed and fired again.  Flitwick made that same jerking motion but then he laughed and ran off up the driveway and out of range.
The detective popped the magazine from his automatic and checked the cartridges.  It was loaded with nine millimeter hollow points, no jams.  He wondered how the kid kept going.  He was wearing a T-shirt, not body armor.  Hell, he shouldn’t have even made it through the window.
Grippa went back to his partner and knelt down.  The man’s head was twisted at an impossible angle, his eyes staring lifelessly.  Grippa checked his pulse, harboring hope but the hope slipped away.  An thought of Simms’ wife and kids ran through Grippa’s head followed by a wave of disbelief.  He wondered again how Flitwick could have the strength to do this, how he could punch his arm through a solid wall.  A car engine started.  He looked out the window to see his own car spitting dirt from beneath its tires.  There was a squeal when the rubber hit pavement and in another moment, the car was gone.  Grippa’s hand instinctively went to his right pocket; the keys were there.  The kid had hot-wired it in record time.  He was full of surprises.
Some movement drew Grippa’s eye.  He stepped closer to the window to look up.  A black cloud hovered like an epicenter over the house with a spear of darkness protruding from it, growing in the direction Flitwick had gone.  It was stretching out longer, following the direction of the car.  His view of the world as a mundane place began to change as it grew.
Grippa watched the cloud billow south until it was lost over the trees.  He cursed, then moved quickly, leaving the house, entering the garage.  He found a ladder, set it up and climbed to the roof.  From his new vantage point, Grippa saw the trail of cloud continue south toward the highway and then, he held his breath, it turned west.  He sat down on the peak of the roof and dialed the station on his cell phone, worrying that it wouldn’t work any better than the radio, but it connected.  He hesitated a moment after the phone was answered to sort out the unbelievable.
 “Duane, I’ve got bad news.”  He gathered himself, then continued.   “Rodge is dead.”  He had to suck in air and hold it for control.  A memory flashed through his head, dinner at Simms house, his wife serving drinks, his kids playing.  “Perp busted his neck.”  He let the air out in a ragged breath.  “Then hot-wired my car.”  He couldn’t break down now, couldn’t lose control.  The way to honor Rodge was by catching the bastard and grinding him into the dirt.  He would do it.  “Listen, we can get this guy, he’s heading west on Route 101.  
“Call the Staties and the Raymond locals to set up a road block on 101.  I filed a fugitive alert with them, so they shouldn’t be completely unprepared.  Tell them they’re looking for Richard Flitwick now, not Tom Brooks.  If they hustle, there’s just enough time.  Tell them to be sharp; he’s got my cruiser and he’s probably listening in on the police radio.  He won’t know the codes, though.”  Grippa debated telling him about the weird contrail and decided not to.  “I’ll be heading down behind him.  Yeah, I’ve got a car.”  He glanced toward driveway.  “Don’t ask.”  Grippa hung up.
He had thought Brooks and Flitwick were a team, probably together with Axel Cross but he was beginning to change his mind.  Brooks had said some weird shit.  Impossible shit.  Now, as weird as it was, it had begun to look real.  Grippa climbed down off the roof to hot-wire the firebird.  Flitwick wasn’t the only one who knew how to do that.

* * *

Hugh Thompson, New Hampshire state cop, stood with one hand on his hip.  His mirrored sunglasses looked sharp and his hat was straight.  Sixteen other staties were spread out around the roadblock.  The state of New Hampshire didn’t screw around when it came to cop killers.  
Two of the men checked cars, then waved them through the hole in the blockade once they were cleared.  Several times they had come across the right make and color car only to find a frightened nobody inside.   They were looking for an unmarked Manchester police car, a Crown Victoria.  Some lunatic had killed a cop and stolen his car in Exeter and he was supposed to be headed this way.  Hugh was skeptical.  There were a lot of  back roads around this section of highway and the guy could take any one of those.  If he did come this way, though, Hugh was ready to do his job.  The guy was in for a bad day.
He glanced up at the sky again.  It creeped him out.  There was a dark slice up there that started wide and fat near Manchester and skinnied up like the shaft of an arrow as it ran this way.  Over the city it was as though someone had slit an animal’s hide and done a partial peel to reveal fur and bubbling blood.  He didn’t like it.  The sky there flickered red under the dark clouds.  He’d heard things weren’t right in town.  Guys were talking about it; a fireball hanging in the sky, people acting strange.  One cop swore there were dark things with claws scurrying about.  He showed scratches on his face where one had got him.  Hugh had seen a lot of traffic heading out of the city earlier that day but it had tapered off as though something had choked it.  There was a sour wind blowing from that direction. 
“Got ‘im,” someone shouted, “six back - that’s the car, look sharp.”
Hugh put his hand on his gun.  Other cops hurried up the line of cars, but Hugh stayed put – no sense massing together to make a target.  Sarge got there first and Hugh heard him shout an order at the driver, “Shut down your car and put your hands where I can see them.” The Sarge moved into a shooter’s stance pointing his gun at the driver.  People in nearby cars gaped at the spectacle.  The suspect cooperated.  He shut off his engine and Hugh could see his hands up through the glare of the windshield.  Normal guys gave up when faced with overwhelming force, only the crazy ones didn’t.  This was going well so far. 
Some rookie approached the car to pull the guy out of there.  Hugh wondered why they had sent him in and not a more experienced man.  The rookie yanked the door open and stepped clear.  That’s when it got weird.  The kid who had just opened the door, doubled over clutching his belly.  Hugh thought he might have been gut shot with a silencer but then he saw the kid’s lunch spilling from of his mouth – stage fright.  Hugh cursed the guy who had sent him in.
The suspect got out of the car anyway and Hugh thought he was probably terrified.  The Sarge was still aiming his pistol at him and it was no picnic, looking down the barrel of a gun.  Then he noticed the smile on the guy’s face.  It was a big smile like he was having the time of his life.  That was when Hugh began to suspect something was wrong.  The rookie was still retching his lunch out on the ground.  The perp just stood there with his big grin and his blonde afro.
Sarge shouted at him to lay down on the ground, but instead, the guy started to climb up on the hood of his car.  Another cop stepped forward to grab him, a big guy called Ronko and Hugh knew it would be no contest.  It started out right, with the big guy pulling the perp off the car but instead of throwing him to the ground, Ronko fell on all fours and began to puke just like the rookie.
The Sarge screamed for the perp to ‘get on the ground or I will shoot,’ but the guy went for the hood again.  Sarge fired.  The guy staggered.   Sarge fired again.  The perp fell back against his car, the smile finally gone from his face.  He was dead, he just hadn’t hit the ground yet.  To Hugh’s surprise, though, the blonde haired guy pushed himself back up on his feet.  Then he stretched out an arm, making a gun with his thumb and forefinger and twitched it.  Sarge jerked back, as though something had hit him and began to claw at his face.
“Get it off me,” he screamed, scratching at the skin on his own face.  “For Christ’s sake, get it off me.”  His hands were wrestling with some imaginary thing, his pistol in hand, along for the ride.
Hugh barely had time to worry about the swinging pistol when there was a ‘pop’ and part of the Sarge’s brains squirted out the side of his head.  The man fell to the ground dead.  Most of the other cops began firing at the perp, now.  His body jerked with the impact of the bullets, but he wouldn’t go down.   Instead he pointed his two popgun hands at first one cop, then another like a cowboy firing two six-guns, all with the same reaction as the first; scrabbling at the face.
Hugh’s heart pounded and his gun was in his hands before he even thought about it.  His hands were slick on his revolver.  He aimed at the guy’s head.  It was more than crack or blow keeping this one on his feet.  Maybe he was some kind of military android gone berserk.  Hugh squeezed the trigger.  The gun fired and the guy’s head jerked back, a dark hole appearing in his forehead.  He didn’t go down, though.  Hugh was marveling at this when the perp made the handgun motion at him and something hit him in the face.  Sharp hooks sank into his skin.
Hugh grappled at the thing that had clamped onto his face, cutting off his sight, his air, tearing at his skin.  It felt like an insect, a huge one with a carapace and papery wings and he pulled at it.  The hook-legs sank in deeper, refusing to be removed.  A needle-like thing began probing at his face.  It was probing for a soft spot and soon it began to sink in next to his eyeball, working toward his brain.  Hugh screamed.  He put his gun against it and fired.

* * *

The cops that were left hunkered down, firing sporadically, hiding from whatever this guy was shooting from his impossible pistolas.  It was crazy but it was lethal.  Flick looked down at his own body, riddled with holes.  He jerked from the occasional bullet that found it’s mark but none of them did serious damage.  Something dark and smoke-like issued from the wounds and spewed into the air.  It swirled around him.  It had started lightly but now it orbited around him like a slow motion tornado.  The blackness must have been caustic because his shirt began to disintegrate.  Even his skin withered, the holes in his body growing larger, allowing more smoke to exit and join the whirlwind.  Flick raised his arms and face to the sky and let out a cry.
The cops brave enough to steal a look thought it was more a gesture of triumph than pain.  It didn’t sound human and for a moment Flick didn’t look human.  The dark smoke drew down on him creating the silhouette of a larger, more angular creature.  Then it burst outward, swirling, slithering to find them in the places where they hid.  They had never encountered a danger like this.  When it came close, they saw it wasn’t smoke but tiny specs, nano particles.  The particles forced themselves into their nostrils, their ears, their eyes.  The cops fought at first, gagging and snorting, pawing at their faces, but shortly, some stopped and were calm.  They knew something or rather, they felt it.  A change was coming.  It was a huge change, multifaceted and one of the facets was unity.  There would be a purge and afterwards, humanity would be of one mind.  They drew their guns and turned them on the ones who still choked and coughed, refusing to accept the change.  The air was filled with the crackle of gunfire as the smoke drew back, wound up in a spiral and streaked off toward the city.
All that was left of Flick was a pile of bones.
30

Tom hurried up the street.  A shop door opened with a jingle and a woman stepped out to close the door behind her.  She locked it, glanced up at the sky uneasily and hurried away.  Tom hadn’t been boiled alive in the cistern.  The earth had absorbed the majority of the heat and spared him.  The ground was cold after all.  
Tom’s exhaustion had overcome him in the cistern and he had dozed off, listening to the sounds of the fire, supporting himself with an arm hooked over the drain pipe.  When he awoke, the car had moved off of the grate.  He was free.  Tom had climbed out of the cistern to find the church nothing more than a charred heap.  The coals were barely warm.  He was startled to see that four other buildings had burned as well and he wondered how he had slept through that.  Water sloshed inside his watch crystal.  It was impossible to tell how long he had been in that hole but his fingers were badly wrinkled.  Time had seemed to pass differently down there.
Tom looked up at the sun.  It had grown even larger and it radiated heat from its boiling surface but he noticed it hadn’t moved,.  Tom wondered if that was screwing with his perception of time.  Maybe it screwed with time itself.  The whole thing radiated a feeling of wrongness that almost made him want to crawl back into the cistern.  He needed to move forward, though, he needed answers and he had an idea of where to get them.  Sol was gone and Fitz was missing but there was one more source for answers.
Tom moved up the street, away from the charred buildings.  He looked for signs, as he walked, of what made this city so wrong that the fire department wouldn’t show up when five buildings burned.  He wondered if the cauldron of fire above was the whole cause or if there was something else.  The few people he encountered on the streets were furtive, throwing glances about as though expecting harm to dart from the shadows.  He didn’t blame them, the feeling was pervasive.
There was a lump in his pocket and he fished it out.  It was the mini bible.  Fitz had said things that brought back memories from Sunday School, some verse that Tom could almost remember.  He opened the bible, wondering if he could find it.  It had been so long.  The sodden pages stuck together and tore as he turned them.  It was falling apart, just like the city.
“It’s a different world,” came a voice.
Tom looked up.  The voice was hoarse, barely a whisper.  There was an awning casting a shadow and someone standing behind a screen door.
“Is that what I think it is?”  The voice asked.
Tom held up the bible with its red cover and gold edged pages.
“You tell me.”
“Oh, yes,” the voice said,  “bring it closer.  Please - please bring it closer.”
Tom couldn’t tell if it was a man or a woman.  The shadow appeared to be wearing a dress, something grey and limp.  The pleading tone drew Tom closer.  Someone needed this, someone with an understanding of the value of the words inside.  An idea occurred to Tom.
“Do you know what the Nehushtan is?” he asked.
“Oh yyyyyes, I do,” the shadow behind the screen answered, “Ooooooh, yyyyes.  The book – it tells about the serpent.  It tells us ‘Just as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, so the Son of Man must be lifted up.’
The screen door creaked open.  It wasn’t a woman, it was a man wearing a bathrobe.  His skin looked as though it hadn’t seen the light of the sun in years and his eyes watered at the sight of the bible.
“On the cross . . .” the man said.  “. . . lifted up on the cross – so he could . . .”
He stretched out a trembling hand.  Tom was overcome by the emotion he saw.  He expected the man to take the bible but instead, the man snatched Tom’s wrist and clamped his teeth down on the book, encompassing Tom’s fingers and all.
“ . . . die,” the man growled, shaking his head like a rabid dog, “die – die - die.”.
Tom cried out and shoved him back, ripping the flesh on his own fingers in the process.  The book fell to the floor but the biter snatched it up and tore at it with his teeth, snarling.
“His sacrifice was for nothing.  This book is empty,” he hissed, a page fragment hanging on his lip.  “Do you understand?  It’s our world now.  The old one has no sway here.”
Tom backed away letting the screen door slam closed between them.
“Lunatic,” he said, under his breath.  The man continued to snarl and shred the pages.  Tom turned and hurried up the street, glad to get away.  He wondered how many of these people there were, oozing up from the underside now that order was falling away.  The world was shifting as it unraveled.

* * *

He was more wary as he traveled now, peering at doorways and dark windows as he passed, wondering if the next person he encountered might be more dangerous.  The bible-eater appeared to have some knowledge of the contest that was going on, a knowledge of the two sides involved.  He wondered how that was possible.  
Tom stopped in his tracks at what he saw coming toward him.  Dark mist hugged the ground ahead, filling the width of the street, rolling toward him.  He turned around to go back in the direction he had come but it was heading in from there as well.  He tried the nearest door of a baby clothing shop, but it was locked.  The mist swept around his ankles and rose up his legs.  He ran to a U.S. mailbox and climbed up on top of its steel body but the smoke swirled up it like a living thing, up the box, up his legs, up his torso.  It caressed his face and he realized it wasn’t mist at all.  It was tiny black particles like no-see-ums or gnats moving in a swarm.  They forced their way into his ears and nose, they crawled in his eyes and down his throat.  He choked.  It was agony.  Voices called to him in his mind; Brooks, the voices echoed in whispers;  Join us. This is your time.  A vision appeared, a throng of ten thousand.  They were with him and he was with them.  Together, they had power because they were of a single mind.  The voices whispered; The power can be yours to make the world right.  Join us and right the wrong minded, quash your pursuers, turn back the insurgents in Iraq, end war for all time.  Join us and be one.
Tom felt the desire, the temptation to be part of this power the voice spoke of.  There were so many things that were wrong in the world – if everyone were of the same mind . . .  accept our gift.  But he also saw the underlying hypocrisy behind the promise, that to create such unity, there would need to be a purge.  There would need to be slaughter on an global scale.  It was a hypocrisy he could never accept.
A sneeze shook him and the vision of the unified throng was washed away.  The blackness was expelled.  The mist around him recoiled and slithered back down the mailbox,  moving away up the street.  
Tom wondered what would have happened if he had accepted the offer.  Would the voices have stayed in his head, chattering on like some supernatural guide?  At least now he had an idea what drove people like the bible-biter.  It was their new beginning.
31

Lyn ran her tongue over the surface of her teeth; it was mostly familiar save one new lump.  The temporary crown felt foreign in the lineup.  She’d never had as much as a filling before, and the new crown created an alien landscape that drew her tongue.
She was on her way up Route 95, heading home after the long weekend.  It had turned out a bit longer than expected.  Toni and her family were doing remarkably well considering the family had begun with a surprise pregnancy and a hasty wedding.  The couple were touching on affluence.
They had sat in the backyard yesterday eating steamers.  It was an ambush, a fix-up with a friend named Ted.  He recounted a story about the mascot at the Dartmouth - Tufts game and she watched him, wondering why she wasn’t attracted to this man with his perfect teeth and clever stories.  The story really was funny.  He held up the bottle of wine toward her in mid laugh, but she shook her head.  He poured anyway.  Lyn wished Tom was there.
“It must be a difficult,” he said to her, “taking care of your uncle.”
Lyn bit down on a steamer and there was a ‘crack’ accompanied by pain.  She spat a mess of blood, clam and gravel onto the grass.
“Ohhhh –,” Ted exclaimed, “you are lucky.”
“I don’t think she’s lucky, Ted,” Toni said, “she just broke a tooth.”
“Way ahead of you, Tone.  I have an opening tomorrow morning and I can make that tooth all better.”  Ted was a dentist and he offered her an appointment the following morning.  The last thing Lyn wanted was to lie in a chair while Ted hovered over her, but the three coerced her; it’s convenient, it’s free, it’s perfect.  She took the appointment.  The next morning Lyn fended off his requests for her phone number and fled as soon as the procedure was done.  Now her inquisitive tongue explored the new lump so often it was sore.  In a way, there was a little piece of Ted in there.
Lyn wished she had peed before she left but it would have given Ted another shot at prying his way into her life.  Now she could only squeeze her legs together and hope she wouldn’t float away on a sea of pee.  There was a rest stop coming up soon and she planned to pull in there.  Her tongue was drawn to the crown again and an errant thought ran through her mind, a memory of the detective; just out of curiosity, Miss Thomson,  the dead woman had a crown – a temporary one.  Do you have anything like that?
Lyn noticed a red glow on the horizon.  It was as though a huge fire were burning in the distance ahead.   The exit for the rest stop came up and she turned, glancing one more time at the glow.  She parked her car and hurried toward the restrooms only to find the door locked.
“It’s out of order ma’am,” a janitor called, as he swept the walk.  Lyn turned immediately toward the men’s room.
“That one’s out too.”
Lyn tried it anyway but it was locked just as he said.
“They’re both out?”  Her urge had progressed to agony.  
“People plug it up.  I’ve fixed things more times than you can imagine but they just plug it up again.”
“ Are there any other bathrooms . . .”
He wasn’t sweeping the walk anymore, he wasn’t listening to her.  He was staring off at the red horizon.  “How many times should I fix it before I let them swim in their own mess?”
Lyn shifted feet, unsure if he was talking to her or himself.  He continued.
“In Noah’s time the mess was cleaned up with a flood.  This time I think it going to be fire.  Unless . . .”  The janitor seemed to remember Lyn’s plight.  Coming out of his reverie, he pointed off in a direction.  “There’s a porto-potty around the corner,” he said.  “That should do for now.”
Lyn dashed to the chemical toilet.  She was glad to see that the janitor was gone when she came out.  She walked back to her car and was unlocking it when the man suddenly appeared on the far side of her car, this time without his broom.
“Pump number three,” he said.
“Sorry?”
“The gas pumps are closed but number three might be working.  It’s on a different circuit.”
“Oh – thanks,” Lyn forced a smile.  “I think I’m really all set on gas.”
“Wouldn’t hurt to top it off.  It’s a long road ahead,” he said.  “But don’t turn back.  He needs you.”
“ ‘kay,” Lyn said, wondering if he was crazy.  She had no intention of sticking around, even to gas up, but her eyes went involuntarily to the gas gauge when she started her car.  The needle hovered near empty.   She wondered how it had snuck up on her.
Lyn pulled to the pumps.  There was no indication that they were powered up; no one was around and the ‘Closed’ sign was hanging in the window but number three was indeed operational.  Lyn looked around, thankful for the crazy janitor’s advice.  He was nowhere to be seen.  Lyn filled the tank up and pulled onto the highway.

* * *

Lyn looked out the side window as she drove, disoriented.  The impression had grown since she had  left the rest stop; the car was moving fast, the speedometer said sixty five but the signs on the side of the road were passing by at a crawl.  She blinked and looked again.  It was normal for objects farther away to appear to move slower but this was amplified a thousand fold.  If she really was moving at this speed, it would take all day to get home - and most of the night.  She wondered if Ted might have slipped something into her coffee at the dentist office, some sort of date rape drug or something that messed with her perception.  She entertained the thought but she knew it wasn’t true.  She knew it just like she knew the janitor was right, that Tom needed help.  She didn’t know how but she knew.
There were signs that something was screwed up; that red glow in the black clouds ahead.  And there were very few cars driving on the road with her.  In fact, there were more in the breakdown lane than on the road and Lyn got a good look as they appeared to go by at walking speed.  They were empty, abandoned as though their driver’s had walked away.  She thought they must have run out of gas, traveling so long at this speed.
Lyn did see an older couple walking on the far side of the road, away from the city.  The man shouted something to her and he waved in the opposite direction.  She rolled down her window to hear what he had to say.  It should have been easy at this apparent speed but the wind outside her window buffeted at sixty five miles an hour.  She accidentally swerved and the car heeled as she overcorrected.  The tires screeched, almost sending her into a spin.  By the time she straightened up, the walkers were far behind.  Time had skipped.  It was as though she wasn’t meant to hear what he had to say.

* * *

Tom entered the apartment building.  His feet were sore from walking but the pain was eclipsed by his injuries and exhaustion.  His escapes on the bridge and at Zeke’s house and the beating from Azael had taken their toll.  Tom wanted to curl up and sleep it off but that wasn’t going to happen.  He needed answers.  Tom glanced at Axel’s door.   Tina would be there, wondering where Axel was.  He could go in and explain to her that Axel wasn’t coming home but what good would it do?  How could he explain what had happened?  
He took the stairs two at a time and banged on Jamila’s door.  If she didn’t answer he would kick it in.  He wondered if the gnat cloud had found her.  He had a good idea which side she had chosen if it did.  
Jamila’s door swung open.  Tom was ready for a confrontation but she spoke before he could get a word out.
“Thank God you are here,” she said in her island accent.
Tom was taken aback.  He tried to gain mental traction.  
“I should not have sent you away without answers,” she said, “ I am sorry, I did not know you were de one.”
“You know . . . ?”
“You are de arbiter.”  She pronounced it ‘ah-bytah’ in her island accent.  “Come in.”  She took him by the arm, pulled him in and closed the door as if to shut out the insanity of the world.
“I know what is happening out there and I know other things too, things that would scare de be-Jesus out of your Christian clergy.”
“Do you know anything about Azael?” he asked.
 “That is a name de Christian’s use.  Dey have a need to personify evil.  There is no ‘Azael’, not as a single being.  It is a name for de collective consciousness of de fallen angels.  You’re not dealing with a single demon – you’re dealing with all of them.” 
“All of them.” he said, wondering if it was possible for things to get worse.  “How . . . ?”
“Don’t ask.  I don’t know.  Their ability to act as one is beyond our understanding.”
 “Do you know anything about this door he wants – they want – opened?”
“I do, but first you must tell me everyting you know.  Come here and sit and tell me.  She led him into her kitchen and sat him down at the table.  It was an almost ordinary place, save the herbs hanging below the cabinets and the bottles of colored liquid on the windowsill.
“Now tell me,” she said, “and den I will help how I can.”
Tom told her everything.  He began with Rahim and his betrayal and his death.  He told her about finding the dagger, told her about the zoom room and rescuing Axel.  He told her about Azael possessing Flick and murdering Sol, about his own flight from the police, and about Fitz and the burning church.  She listened to everything without interrupting and when he was done, she nodded.
“You were right to return here, Tom Brooks.  You cannot carry dis alone.  I turned you away because I was afraid and I was weak.  I am sorry.  It is time for me to crawb up.
 I will tell you what I know and then maybe you will have enough answers when we are done.  I don’t read de books that your friend Sol Costas did but there are stories passed down on my island and dey match closely.  Our magic is a mélange of old African religion and Christianity and my ancestors must have know de stories in your friend’s books, perhaps from de missionaries.
“These fallen angels want you to open de door because dey want to escape their prison; a place that drains their power and keeps dem weak.  Right now dey can only reach through to our world with their minds, with their will and their influence.  This one named Flick – he is something different.  Dey control him like a puppet but that is not enough.  Dey want to be here, in our world, to inhabit it.  Dey will have greater power over us and dey may think dey can destroy God himself by forcing him into contradiction.
“You are de arbiter and you need to make your choice but you do not know how to do it.  Azael makes his wishes known but I cannot tell you how to choose God’s side.  I do not know what you must do but there is a way for you to find out.”
She picked up a vial from her windowsill and shook it.  The liquid inside it swirled with dark particles, suspended in brown liquid.
“What is it?” he asked.  
“It is de rest of your answers, de ones that no mortal knows.  This will allow you to see them the way they do..  There will be a price but it is different for each man so I cannot tell you what it is.  I do not know.
“If you open de door of your own free will, den God must abide by de agreement and let dem enter our world.  Your choice will be made.  Dey will rule for two thousand years.”
“I don’t know how to open their door and I wouldn’t do it if I could.  I need to know how to choose the other side.”
“Dey believe you will choose their side and dey have reason to.  Dey have seen you do it.  Dey have de sight, de vision of de future.  That is what is in this bottle.  If you drink this, it will give you a glimpse of de future and you will know what dey know.
“When de sky began to fill with fire I realized I was wrong to turn you away.  I made this hoping you would come back.  You did and your answers are here.  She set the vial on the table in front of him.” 
Tom picked it up.  He watched the objects and bits orbiting inside and wondered if it could be as simple as that.  He unscrewed the cap.
“Tell me one more thing,” he asked, “When the mist came, what happened?  Which side did you choose?”
“Dey made me an offer and I refused it – as I’m sure you did.”
Tom met her gaze but it was unreadable.  He knew she was an agent and he knew she was being manipulated, just like he was, but by which side?  It didn’t matter.  It was a game and this was the only move left.  He tipped his head back and swallowed the contents of the bottle.  It was bitter.  His mouth drew in and his spit glands stung, the semi-solids adhering to his tongue, amplifying the sensation.  He tried to spit them out.  For a moment it seemed the most important thing in the world to get those things out of his mouth and then suddenly, it no longer mattered.  What he saw in his mind overshadowed it the way a comet striking the earth would overshadow his concern of a fly buzzing around his head.  His mind’s eye turned inward, upward.
 It was a tree and it was so huge it dwarfed life itself.  He felt vibration as it grew taller with every moment, spreading it’s branches, filling the extents of his vision.  It wasn’t a tree of wood and bark, it was a tree of possibilities, some spent and some yet to come.  At the crook of each branch was a decision by someone, anyone and the decisions branched into infinity.  Tom looked down and saw the past.  He looked up and saw the consequences of decisions not yet made.  Jamila was speaking.
“Do you see it?” she said, “do you see de future?”
He answered, barely able to tear his mind from the sight in front of him.  “I see . . .” the branches glowed like a billion lights, “. . . so much.  It’s beautiful.  I never knew . . .”
Jamila laughed.  “I imagine it is beautiful – so much to know.  So many would like to have the power of that knowledge; to know the consequences of our choices before dey are made.   I’m glad you appreciate it.  Not many would be willing to pay the price.
Tom could barely pay attention to what Jamila was saying but there it was; the price.  She did know it.  She had withheld it.
“You are peering into de world of de Gods, it is beyond what most mortals are allowed to see but all things are balanced.  De liquid you drank gives you power but it is also poison.  You came for answers, not solutions and now you have dem.  Enjoy de knowledge that you will never use.  You can see farther than I ever will, Tom.  Me - I chose a different reward.  I did not lie to you, I refused their offer because I refuse to be a player in their game.  You did have a choice to make, a choice between Heaven and Hell.  Some would hope for a third possibility, to choose our own destiny, to be free of God or Satan and follow our own path but I say there is a forth.  Yes, there is a fourth choice and it is de greatest, one that takes courage and foresight.
 “God and Azael manipulate mankind but dey will not manipulate me.  It is better to roar like a lion than to cower like a lamb, even if it is only for a moment.  I will make a sound that shakes Heaven and Hell.  Look into de tree and tell me what you see.  It is a great honor, Tom Brooks, to see these things before dey happen.  Describe everything; de destruction of de world, de merging of Heaven and Hell and especially your coming death.”  She sucked in breath with excitement.
Tom did look but not for her reasons.  He looked because the answers to his own questions were there.  Among the branches were the paths that led to any outcome he needed, all he had to do was find them.  Azael’s open door?  God and a triumphant Heaven?  They would all be there and others too.  He could find a way to avoid the poison.  Any path he desired.  
Tom’s mind soared through the tree.  Any time or event in the past was accessible and the future as well.  It seemed improbable that his mind could absorb the vastness of what he saw but the potion had opened his mind wide.  He traveled up into the tree, higher into the branches, into the future but as he did, a gray mist appeared, growing thicker.  Soon it was difficult to make out the branches, the choices, the results.  He pulled back in order to see the cause, far back, away from the tree to a distance.
From this far off vantage point a vast portion of the tree was visible.  Tom could still make out the branches but there was something new.  He saw golden arcs flowing back in time, short jumps, beautiful and pulsing with light.  Their pulsing set up a sympathetic vibration in his mind that triggered an emotion he had never felt, like hearing the song of a thousand angels inside him.
He felt certain they had something to do with people, seemingly ordinary ones.  He wanted to look closer but branching from between them, dwarfing them was another arc, a single huge arc of darkness that began down low drawing wisps from a billion points, a billion lives.  That energy spun to black as it swung outward and upward in a chord that inserted itself back into the tree in a single dark knot.  The insertion point was above, in the future and the darkness surrounding it was thick enough to obscure the tree.  It filled the sky, blocking any sight of the branches above.  But the most alarming thing was the way it bent the tree, binding the branches to a single point.  Tom thought the energy to do this must be enormous.  The dark arc was taught as a bow string and it emanated a wrongness that could only come from Azael.  
Tom’s stomach contracted in pain and he was drawn partially back to his own world.  The poison was working.  He doubled over in agony, gasping, trying to maintain focus on the tree.  He took one last look at it in the distance, thinking of all the knowledge there before he was pulled away from the vision and back to reality.  
Tom forced his finger down his throat and puked up the remaining liquid she had given him.  His stomach contracted in spasms.
Jamila slapped him.  “You told me nothing,” she shouted.  “You were there, you saw it and you told me nothing.”  She watched as Tom wretched up her poison.
“You think that will save you?” she shouted.
Tom looked up, strings of vomit hanging from his lips.
“You have used de power, de poisoning is done.  You wasted de moment..  At least you could have told me what you saw.  Nothing in this world can save you now.  You should be dead already.”
“The world . . . ,’ Tom got out before his stomach wretched again.  A sheen of mucus ran down his chin.  The spasms abated and he spoke, his voice hoarse.  “If I die, the choice won’t be made . . .”
“And the world will end.  That is de fourth choice; de end of de Earth, of Heaven and Hell.  You are de arbiter.  When you die, it all dies with you.”  Jamila’s face glowed.  “I know de prophecy.  De wheels are in motion and spinning toward oblivion,” she said.  “When it ends, I will be de mortal who thwarted de power of Heaven and Hell, the one who caused the end of the universe.  My name will live in de realms of eternity alongside God and Allah and Satan and Azael. ”
“You’re insane.”
“You think so?  We all end, Tom Brooks, even this world.  It may as well end today as any other.  But to be de one who decides when and how . . .  I am not insane.  I am de one who sees clearly and knows what she wants – and I will have it.  To reach so far, to touch so much, that is true power.  That is true greatness.”
Tom forced himself to his feet.  It was chaos.  Despite the efforts of Azael, despite God’s supposed ability to wave his hand and make things right, there was no order, no direction.  Tom suddenly understood how completely alone he was.  The choice was his to find and his to make.  It was up to him and he was lost.  He had thought the tree was the answer.  Perhaps it was and he had blown it.  It was his one chance and there was nothing else.  He had failed.
Jamila’s insanity washed over him like diseased water.  It emanated from her like a fever heat.  Tom wiped his face and picked his way toward the door on unsteady legs.  She shouted after him.  
“You can’t run from de end.”
Tom knew that was true now.  He walked out of the apartment, made his way down the stairs and stumbled out the door holding his stomach.

* * *

The sun was huge.  It was a sea of fire filling a third of the sky.  Tongues of flame licked downward toward the city and collapsed back into the orb’s boiling surface.  The streets had a reddish hue that undulated with the conflagration above.
The pangs of pain in Tom’s stomach waxed and waned; he was dying, he knew.  He wondered how long he had.  
Tom supported himself against the wall and looked down the street.  It was empty and he guessed everyone was either hiding in their homes or gone.  Then, as if to contradict him, a man darted from a doorway and heaved a brick through a store window.  The glass crashed and an alarm blared, but the man paid in no attention.  He chipped away the remaining shards with his toe and climbed through the opening.  Tom didn’t think there would be any police today.  He moved on, clutching his belly.  His equilibrium was off and his gait was unsteady.
There was a car accident three blocks on, the vehicles melded in a jumble of steel from a broad-side collision.  Oil pooled under one car and it was still spreading, but there was no one around.  Tom leaned in the window and saw a cell phone on the carpeted floor.  He picked it up, barely believing his luck.  It occurred to him that maybe this wasn’t luck at all.  This was the second time he had found a cell phone when he needed one.  Azael was manipulating time on a large scale and a small one as well.  He turned the cell phone over in his hand, hesitating, wondering if he should go through with this, wondering if it was Azael’s idea or his own.  Then he dialed a number.  When the phone was answered the connection was full of odd clicks and pops but he could make out the tightness in Lyn’s voice.
“Hello?”
“Lyn, thank God.”
“Tom,” she said, “Uncle Sol is dead.  There was a message to call the police.  I almost couldn’t get through to them.”  There was a sob from the other end of the line, then she pulled herself together.  “What’s going on – the sky . . .  Where are you?”
Tom hesitated.  They hadn’t told her who the killer was.  “I’m trying to get home.”  He hesitated again.
“Tom, are you there?”  There was a burst of clicks.
“I’m here,” he said, making his decision.  “Can you pick me up?”
The phone cut in and out as Lyn replied.  “-om . . . can’t -ear y-“
“Pick me up at the Hampshire Plaza,” he shouted, “the Hampshire Plaza . . .”
“Ye- . . . –ome get y-“
“I’ll be there,” he shouted.  The phone burst into static and went dead.  Tom’s stomach wretched and he dropped the phone as he vomited.  A feeling of self loathing mixed with the nausea.  Bile ran down his chin as he straightened up, breathing heavily.  He decided to believe that this decision had come from his own head.  And if it came from his own head, there was hope.  He moved off into the city, making his way toward his meeting with Lyn.

* * *

The pain in Tom’s stomach had grown slowly but it wasn’t incapacitating yet.  He felt people watching in secret as he moved through the streets and he wondered if they communicated with Azael through some psychic network.  Several times he caught sight of window curtains swinging closed.  He almost wished they would come out and confront him.  It would at least validate his sanity.  
He was several miles along when he heard a strange sound and peered between two buildings.  It was a naked man.  He was crouched over a dead dog, pounding its head with a rock.  When he finally spotted Tom, he hissed and dragged the carcass away.  Tom moved on.  He walked until he reached bleaker street where the quiet was suddenly broken by the sound of shattering glass and a scream from overhead.  He looked up in time to see a woman plummeting through the air.  Her screams stopped when she hit the pavement with a sickening sound.  Tom rushed forward, uncertain what to do.  It was a young woman, breasts exposed through a torn blouse, blood trickling from her mouth.  He knew she was alive because her pink nipples rose and fell with each breath.  
“That’s my girl,” came a voice from above.  Tom looked up to find a man pointing a pistol at him.  “You get away from her.” 
“She needs help,“ Tom said, raising his hands to show he was no threat.
“I already helped her.  You need help too?”
 “I’m good,” he answered.
“How good?  You take the offer?”
The offer.  Tom’s head reeled.  He was talking about the gnats. “No, I didn’t.”
The man’s eyes turned to slits.  “You’re him, ain’t you?”
“Him?”
“The doorman.”  His face twitched as he said it.  “Don’t touch the doorman.”  A moment of decision passed across his face.  “Get outta here and leave the girl.  Them titties is mine.”
Tom wondered how quickly he could drag the woman away.  Fast enough to avoid a bullet?   He believed that her best hope was in the direction he was already heading.  He moved off.
Tom looked into the distance as he walked.  There was blue sky on the horizon, at the very edges of the roiling fire and clouds.  Only the city was under Azael’s influence; a testing ground.  He imagined other people had noticed the same and he wondered how many had just exited out of here or at least tried.  He wondered if that was possible.  Perhaps Azael had put up a wall of some kind.
An odd rhythmic sound met his ears, echoing between the brick buildings that lined the street and it was moving closer.  Tom considered slipping down a side street to avoid a meeting but it was impossible to tell which direction it was coming from.  Another pang of pain clenched his stomach and he doubled over.  Chills wracked his body.  The sound grew louder while he shuddered until at last the source appeared.  It was a man bouncing a ball.  He had a round head and a child-like smile.  An innocent glow emanated from his face as if here were unaware of the world collapsing around him and he bounced his ball with carefree abandon. 
Tom’s pain drifted to a lesser level and he was able to straighten up and watch as the man bounced closer.  He seemed not to notice that Tom was there as he focused on his chosen sport.  The lack of awareness was an illusion.  He suddenly fired the ball at Tom, bouncing it off his chest before Tom could react.  The toy bounced and rolled into the street.
“You dropped the ball,” the man said.
Tom was too surprised to reply.
“You were supposed be ready but you weren’t.  You dropped it.”
“I didn’t . . .”
“You only get one chance.”  He chased his toy into the street.
 “It’s dangerous out here,” Tom said.  “You should get inside.”
The man picked up his ball and ran off with a loping gate.  “There is no inside,” he called, “The inside is out.  Maybe Old Charlie will catch the ball.”
Tom watched him go, wondering if he had heard right.  Fire boiled in the sky overhead, filling the street with a red glow.
32

Cars were backed up on the highway.  Grippa slowed down as he caught up to the jam.  Cars idled at odd angles, some trying to squeeze by in the breakdown lane in an uncoordinated hodgepodge.  Several cars made a U-turn and headed back in the other direction.  The detective pulled in behind the others.  He didn’t have a siren so he leaned on his horn in frustration.  Then he noticed the car in front of him was empty.  Grippa got out and walked forward.  Accept for the newly arrived, they were all empty, some still running.  This was the roadblock he had called for but where were the police?  Where were the civilians?
He moved toward the front of the traffic jam and almost stumbled over the body of a cop.  Half of the man’s head was gone, his brains strewn out across the pavement.  Grippa made his way around and almost stepped on two more bodies very similar to the first.  He found his unmarked vehicle near the front of the jam, riddled with bullets.  They had stopped Flitwick, but what had happened then?  A lone pair of shoes stood on the hood of the car along with what looked like bones.
Grippa surveyed the area, trying to understand.  Route 101 stretched off to the West, toward Manchester where a mass of dark clouds hung in the sky, flickering red.  He had seen the sun before he left the city, red and slightly large but his mind had been on other things at the time.  Now, he wondered about it.  It was another part of the screwed up things that were going on.
The sun was yellow here and the two lanes of cars that ran back to the East, glinted under its rays.  Cars were still pulling up at the back of the jam.  Most of them waited for a short time, then joined the others who had made a U-turn.
There was a human gagging sound and Grippa drew his gun.  The sound came from further up near one of the cop cars.  He crept closer.  A man was crouched over one of the officers, gripping his neck as blood pooled out.
 “Freeze,” Grippa said, advancing on the man.  “Get your hands in the air.”
The man barely glanced up, a tense, impatient look on his face.  “I’m a doctor,” he said,  “I’m trying to slow the bleeding.”
Grippa hesitated, then holstered his gun.  He recognized the injured officer as a state cop he had met once.  He thought his name was Thompson.  “Is he going to make it?”
“Yes – I mean he might – if he gets to a hospital.  He’s pretty bad.  I’m doing the best I can.”
“What happened here?”
“Hell if know, I was pretty far back.  They were shooting at some guy, then the cops started screaming and shooting at each other.  Everybody ran like hell.  You’d better call an ambulance.  I don’t know how much longer he can hold on.”
“Where’s the perp?”
“The what?”
“They guy they were shooting at.”
The doctor shook his head.  “You wouldn’t believe it.  I saw that part but I can hardly believe it myself.”
“Try me.”
“The guy turned to smoke and blew off that way.”  He nodded toward Manchester.  “Now, for God’s sake, get an ambulance.”
Grippa  looked around and spotted a cruiser off to the side, out of traffic.  He hurried to it and tried the radio but there was only static.  All of the other frequencies gave nothing but a crackling hiss.  Grippa wondered if the radio had been damaged.  He tried his cell phone and there was no signal there either.  Something was jamming the radio waves - or maybe they just weren’t there.  Grippa hurried back to where the doctor was taking care of Thompson.
“Stabilize your patient doc,” he said, “We’re going for a ride.  I’ll put him in the back of the  . . .”  The doctor wasn’t holding Thompson’s neck anymore.  He squatted nearby, wiping his hands on the grass.
 “He’s gone, lost too much blood.” he said.
“What the hell, you told me . . .”
 “I know what I said.  I’m not God.  He’s gone.”
Grippa stood silent.  Thompson was gone, Simms was gone.  How many cops right here around him were dead?  The doc leaned against a car and rubbed his face.  Grippa looked at the clouds over the city.  He didn’t believe that bullshit about Flitwick turning to smoke.  People saw things when they were under stress.  Flitwick was in that city; screwed up people go to ground in screwed up places.  Brooks had said he could be stopped with the knife.  
“I’m heading into the city,” he told the doc.  “You can come along if you want a ride.”
The man shook his head.  “Going the other way,” he replied
Grippa turned and headed toward the cruiser.  He couldn’t blame the man.  Things didn’t look right up ahead.

* * *

Grippa checked the gas gauge.  It had dropped a quarter of a tank in the last fifteen minutes but those fifteen minutes had seemed like hours.  He looked out the window one more time, barely believing what he saw.  The scenery rolled by at a walking pace even though the car was eating up the highway at seventy miles per hour.  It was as though he were driving through a wall of molasses; moving fast but getting nowhere.  It had bothered him badly at first, until his concern was replaced by what was going on up in the sky.  There was fire up there.  It filled half the space as it rolled and licked downward.   He knew it couldn’t be the sun.  The sun was behind him, yellow and healthy.  This looked as though the clouds themselves were on fire.
It was almost overwhelming, the last push over the edge.  He knew a sane man would turn around and get the hell out but instead he pressed down on his accelerator.  His goal was in the city.  Flitwick would be at the center of this mess.  Brooks too.
33

Grippa walked into the police station on stiff legs.  He had run out of gas about six miles short of the station.  Oddly, walking had seemed almost as fast as driving.  There were dozens of other cars that had run out as well.  He wasn’t much for science fiction but the words temporal molasses stuck in his head.  He assumed time was moving normally here in town.
The station’s usual clamor was absent.   Only one occupant saved it from emptiness.
“Tony, thank God you’re back.”  It was Tubbs.  “What’s going on out there.?”
“Never mind out there,” Grippa said, walking purposely toward the back of the station, “Where the hell is everyone?”
Tubbs watched, as Grippa walked by.
“Gone,” Tubbs said, following the detective, “most of ‘em.  Some of the guys were out at that road block.  After that got screwed up they didn’t come back.  Other guys, the ones with families, haven’t been showing up.  They were calling in sick until the phones got weird.  I think it’s because of this fucked up weather.”  He jerked his thumb toward the window.  “They say it’s only over Manchester.  Think it’s true?”
“It is.”  Grippa wouldn’t call it ‘weather’ but he wasn’t sure how to describe it.
He opened the door to the store room and walked straight to the evidence cage.  Tubbs followed, talking excitedly.
“Where’ve you been all this time?”
“How long has it been?”
“Huh?”
“You asked where I’ve been all this time.  How long was I gone?”
“Oh – well . . .”  Tubbs ran his fingers through his hair.  “A long time, I mean – the light outside makes it hard to tell.  It doesn’t change no more.”
“What did the clock say?”
“I slept at my desk some instead of going home and the clock – well, it might have gone around once or maybe twice.  It seems like a day or a day and half maybe.”
Grippa wondered if time really was normal here in town after all.
“I’ve kind of lost track myself,” he said.  “What does the news say about all this?”
“Not much.  We’re cut off.  The internet doesn’t work.  The radio and the television are effed up.  The phones only work inside the city and not too well at that.  I think we may lose them soon too.  Must be some kind of solar flare.  I’m sure it’ll pass.”  There was a nervous look on his face, though, as though he wasn’t sure it would pass at all.
Grippa held the padlock to the evidence cage in his hand for a moment, then let it go and pulled out his pistol.  He aimed it.
“Jesus,” cried Tubbs, flinching back against a wall.
Grippa fired.  The lock jumped and the wood behind it splintered.
 “Are you crazy?  Those frags could’ve hit us both.”  He had his fingers in his ears.
Grippa didn’t reply.  He tossed the busted lock aside and entered the evidence cage.  There were boxes stacked from floor to ceiling on shelves and larger items piled to one side.
“Tony, what are you doing?  You’ll get in deep shit for this.”  Tubb’s face changed as a thought occurred to him.  “You were out at that road block, weren’t you?  This has something to do with that.  You’re all fucked up, like the rest of them.”
Grippa turned Tubbs.  “What did you hear about the roadblock?  What happened out there?”
“You weren’t there?”
“What happened?”
“I – it’s hard to say.  Half the guys disappeared off the air and the other half – they started talking crazy.”
“About what?”
“Said they took the deal - or the offer or something.  I don’t know what it meant.  Then they said they were going to the Hampshire Plaza.  Sounded pretty excited about it.”   How’s that for fucked up?  They wouldn’t explain any of it.  That’s where the rest of the guys here went.  They went to find out what was going on, but they never called back.”
Grippa gave a grunt of acknowledgement.  Something was going on at the Plaza.  He turned back to the scores of boxes lined up on the shelves.  He had no idea how the evidence was filed here, detectives rarely came back in the cage, but he was willing to ransack the place if he had to.  It turned out he didn’t.  A book on a nearby shelf listed the evidence by date in neat, hand written entries.  He found the entry he needed; box J-117.
“What are you looking for?” Tubbs asked.
Grippa moved to the shelves, trying to decipher the nomenclature.  “Insurance,” he replied.  The shelves were lettered, the boxes were numbered.  He walked down the shelves then stepped between them – shelf J.  He followed the numbers.  Grippa pulled down box 117 and opened it.  There was an envelope inside that bulged with something heavy.  He ripped off an end and the knife slid out – the knife from the murder the other night, Brooks’ dagger, the one that could stop Flitwick.  The last time he had seen this knife, it had been sticking out of a dead man’s chest; a dried, mummified body.  The weapon felt inert in his hand, but he knew better.
“What are you doing with that, Tony?”
What was he doing with it, he wondered.  It was insurance, just like he said.  Insurance in case the insanity was true and he thought it probably was.  He looked at the dagger.  It was insurance against a killer who couldn’t be stopped with a gun.  The impossible was becoming normal.
“Tony?”
Grippa slipped the knife back in the envelope.
“I’m going to apprehend a rapist and a murderer.”  He brushed past Tubs.
“You’re going alone?  You can’t go alone.”
Grippa paused, his hand on the door.  “You coming?”
Tubbs hesitated.  “I - I can’t.  I’m the only one left here.  I can’t leave the station.”
“Then I’m going alone.”  Grippa walked through the door and it swung shut behind him.  Tubbs hurried and called after him.
“Stay on the radio if you can,” Tubbs shouted.  “I want to know what’s going on.”
34

Tom cocked his head at the sound of the drum beat.  He had dry heaved a moment ago, the contents of his stomach having already puked out.  Jamila’s poison was progressing.  Each step was a hurdle now, his stomach cramping and uncramping periodically.  The sound of drums seemed to come from the direction of Elm Street where he and Lyn were supposed to meet and his heart raced.  He had sent her there.  Tom moved toward Elm Street as best he could, toward the sound.
Tom wondered if Azael’s people already had her.  He reached Elm Street to find a crowd gathered in front the Hampshire plaza.  It was thirty stories high, jet black against the fiery sky.  The crowd of people stood with their backs to him, hiding whatever spectacle they were gazing at.  
There were cops around the fringe of the crowd as if on watch.   “He’s here,” one of them said, pointing.  A handful of people turned to look and Tom heard someone say, “The doorman.”
Tom almost looked around to see who they were pointing at but it was him.  A domino affect rippled through the crowd as people turned toward the disturbance, only to murmur ‘The doorman’ and cause others to turn.  He wanted to run, to find Lyn and get out of there, this was a mistake, but his energy was gone.  There was so much he had to do.  His heart sank as he sagged against the wall of a building.  A siren sounded in the distance.  The tail end of the crowd moved to gather around him as though he were an object of awe, heard of in stories but never seen.
Tom had fought Jamila’s poison until now by sheer will but it would work no longer.  He slid toward the ground, his legs buckling, his head in a fog.  The crowd took him and lifted him.  He was buoyed above them like a cork floating in a stream, passed forward on their hands, moving toward whatever the crowd had been facing before he arrived.  The sound of the siren was louder.  
The crowd moved him toward his destination and he let his own will float free, riding the wave of hands.  The responsibility of choosing his own direction melted away and he felt light, free.  He was passed upward and laid, at last, on a top step in front of the Plaza, in front of a group of people who faced outward.  They were the ones the crowd had been watching and listening to.  They looked as ordinary as anyone could under a fiery sun but when they spoke, it was in pieces, overlapping fragments.  They finished each other’s phrases, delivering each sentence as if from a single mind.
“We are – Azael - the outcast - the two -  hundred.”
It was disorienting but Tom understood.  He knew who they were; he had seen Flick’s end in the tree of time; these people had taken his place; voluntary puppets controlled from the far side.  Tom knew there were two hundred of them - the same number as the fallen angels.  One for each.
“You – are – The Abiter - and you – have - come to -  us.”  They were speaking to Tom but Tom knew it was for the benefit of the crowd, a sales job.  The new savior summons the Arbiter.  The saviour is in command, praise him!  There wasn’t much he could do.  The dark arc in the tree had gathered the branches to a single point, a point just ahead in time.  All paths served Azael’s purpose.   The future was a chess game that had already been played.  His energy was gone.  He could only lay there.  An old woman stepped forward from the two hundred and raised her hand high.
“I - will - take his poison – so - that he - may serve – the - purpose,” she said.  The crowd murmured.  The old woman bent down and laid her hand on his forehead.  The sensation was real.  Every muscle in Tom’s body jerked taught causing him to snap staight out, arms wide, back arched.  He sucked in breath, eyes open, lips taught in a death grin.  That is what the people at the front of the crowd saw.  Inside him, his nausea abated, his head cleared.  Tom’s energy rushed back .  The change was exhilarating, so sudden.  He had an urge to stand, to raise his arms but he refused it.  He had seen that in the tree too, himself standing and the crowd cheering at Azael’s power and he didn’t want to feed that, but he was on his feet without thinking.  The crowd did cry out and Tom wondered if his free will had any sway at all.  He wondered if it was even possible to change the smallest thing.
The old woman stood up, unsteadily.  Her eyes rolled to the sky, blood ran from her nose and she collapsed.  Her head hit the pavement with a hollow sound.  There was no effort to resuscitate her, no appearance of concern from the two hundred or their followers.  Just continued excitement from the crowd.  An old man stepped in to take her place and the woman’s body was dragged off by an arm.  They were two hundred once more.  They spoke to the crowd.
“I - have brought - you – the – doorman and – now, - as promised, - I – bring – you ---- THE KEY.”  All two hundred pointed and indeed there was some disturbance on the outskirts of the crowd.  The siren that had been growing louder appeared in the form of a cop car with flashing blues.  The crowd parted as it nosed its way forward to where Tom and the two hundred stood and Tony Grippa stepped out.  The siren died but the lights continued to flash.  Grippa looked around at the crowd which faced him with silence.  His hand touched his gun but he didn’t draw it.
“Brooks,” he called out, “where’s Flitwick?”
“Flitwick is dead,” Tom answered.
A hard look crossed the detective’s face.  “I want to see the body,” he looked warily at the crowd, “then you’re coming with me, Brooks.”  The crowd began to form a circle around Grippa.  A cop at the front, one of Azael’s people, held out his hand toward Grippa and said, “Give us the key.”  
Grippa drew his gun.  “Key?  Here’s your key,” he said, aiming at the cop.  “You’re one of the pricks who shot up the roadblock, aren’t you?  Take your gun and lay it on the ground or I’ll put a bullet in your head.”
“They want the dagger,” Tom shouted.  The crowd could see it protruding from his beltline.  Tom didn’t know if he could stop what would happen to Grippa next but he had to try.
“You have the knife,” Tom called, “give it to them.”
“Give it to us,” someone shouted at Grippa.  Others joined in agreement.  The crowd began to close in, demanding the key in belligerent tones.  Emboldened by the numbers, the cop  made a move toward the detective.  Grippa fired and red spot appeared on the cop’s forehead before he dropped to the ground.  The crowd fell back.  Grippa turned, swinging his aim across them.
“Anyone else?  This is a Smith and Wesson nine millimeter Tactical.  It holds eight in the clip and one in the chamber.  One is in his head now but the next could be yours.”  People fell back from the muzzle as if it were a force field.  
“You’re crazy bastards,” Grippa said, “but you aren’t crazy about dying, are you?”  He glanced over at Tom.  “Brooks, I know you’re innocent and I know you aren’t one of them.  Get in my car and I’ll get you out of here.”
Tom would have gone if he thought it would save Grippa but he knew there was nothing he could do now.  The crowd parted nearby and two men dropped something heavy on the ground.  It was a coil of wire.  Grippa continued to turn and guard.
“Don’t screw with me, folks,” he shouted.  “The next one could be yours.  You feel lucky?”  Then he tossed his head toward Tom.  “Come on, kid, before this gets . . .”  The sound of voices interrupted him.  The 200 had their arms raised to the sky as they chanted in an ancient language.
Grippa gathered his wits and called out to Tom, “Brooks – time to go.  Last chance.”  Tom was about to move, not to leave but to get the knife from Grippa.  He thought he might get the detective to leave without him.  Someone shouted and pointed up to the sky.
“They’re here.”  Others murmured and gaped at the sky.  Tom looked up.  Something was moving up there.  He watched as enormous faces pressed down against the sky as though it were a rubber sheet.  Hands and limbs pressed in and receded.  There was a groaning, creaking sound as the fabric of reality was stretched.  The two hundred continued to chant.  The stretching sound was accompanied by a hissing sound, metallic.  It was the coil of wire and it spun at a high speed, winding up into the air like a tornado.  When it reached the sky it formed a cloud of whirling wire.
“Holy Christ,” Grippa said looking at the faces in the sky.  He pointed his gun at one and fired.  It took no notice of him.  Grippa pointed at a second face but he never had the chance to fire.  The end of the wire arced down, looped around the gun and tore it from his hands.  Grippa stood there, shocked.  The other end swooped down and punched through his chest, threading him like a needle.  He let out a grunt and looked down at the wire as it ran through his chest at high speed.  The end that had punctured him rocketed back up toward the sky.  The detective clutched at the strand with both hands but it cut into his palms as it ran through them.  The end came back down now, this time piercing him through his shoulder and then looping  back to punch through his gut.  Grippa gasped and struggled to stay on his feet.
“Brooks, come here,” he groaned.  Tom ran to him and held him up.
“Your parents – “ he gasped, “he killed them – that thing - Flitwick.”
Tom’s thoughts about the knife were blotted out by dismay.  He had been so intent on finding his own answers he hadn’t checked on them, hadn’t seen it.  Why hadn’t they left when he warned them?
The detective pulled the dagger from his belt and offered it close.  “Take it.  I hope there’s something you can do with it.”  A whisper ran through the crowd.  The key.
The wire came back, this time piercing Grippa through his throat and then again through his right eye.  The last made him jerk reflexively as some nerve were triggered erroneously in his brain.  Blood sprayed out from an artery in his neck.  Tom held Grippa as the man moaned and twitched and then was suddenly torn from his arms.  He was hoisted into the air by the wires.  They had threaded themselves through high points on the buildings and Grippa was strung between them  like a marionette.  He struggled as he bled.  Now that he looked up, Tom saw there were others strung up there as well, at least a dozen, between the buildings.  He recognized Fitz, hanging naked and twitching.  The loose wire whirled and hissed overhead.  The enormous faces in the sky pressed in, stretching the fabric of reality in order to peer closer at their handiwork.  It was the faces of the two hundred, the human two hundred here were only puppets.  The crowd had taken up the chant.
Another person was dragged forward, fodder for the wire and Tom was jarred.  It was Lyn.
He started toward her but the crowd grabbed and held him.
“Let her go,” he shouted.
An old man stood at the forefront, the new one who had stepped in.
”The dark – arc - draws all things - to - a single point.  It kept - you - alive, despite – the – poison - and still you don’t - understand.  You have – no - choice in - your actions.  We have – decided - them for you.”
 “That’s a lie, a partial truth, like everything else you offer,” Tom shouted over the sound of the hissing wire.  “Your arc may have kept me alive but opening the door has to be an act of free will.  If you force me, it means nothing.  You don’t get your two thousand years of free reign.  It’s the rules of the game, isn’t it?”
“Free will - is - an illusion; either we – manipulate you - or he does.  Few - of your choices – are - your own.  You are – right – in - saying it’s - a game, Tom.  That’s all - it’s ever been - to him.  Don’t - you see?  Even - your concept – of - good and evil - is - a manipulation.  Once - you open - the door – you - will be free of the old God.  We - will give – you - a freedom you - never dreamed of.”
His captors lessened their grip on him and Tom held the dagger tighter.  He could kill the defenseless old man but he knew it would make no difference.  He would be replaced just like the woman.  There was only one way.
“You don’t - know the full - meaning of the - arc,” the old man said.  “But if you - follow the - path, - you will -  find it.  You will find your ‘full truth’.”
 There was the hint of a smile on the old man’s face that undoubtedly meant something but Tom didn’t have time to decipher it.  He turned toward Lyn who struggled to break free as he moved toward her.  “Tom . . ?”  Her voice was uncertain.
 There is a place nearby,  Azael spoke into his mind,  – a thin spot in your world.
“I know it.”
Take her there.  Azael didn’t need to tell him more, Tom had already been there.  He knew there was only one way to destroy Azael and that was in his own realm.  The path there wouldn’t be easy.  The cost would be high.
The men released Lyn and she backed away.  “Tom, what’s happening?”
“It’s going to be okay.”
“Then put down the knife,” she said.
Tom realized he was still holding the knife in a stabbing grip.  Lyn turned and faded into the crowd.  He followed.  He couldn’t see her but he knew where to find her.
35

Lyn pushed her way through the crowd which thinned as she moved farther up Elm street.  Her fear grew stronger in the open space.  She looked back over her shoulder but Tom wasn’t there.  Several other men seemed to be trailing her, though.
She had seen something in Tom’s eyes change as he talked to those people and she wondered what decision he had made.   Lyn wasn’t sure he was the same man anymore; reality was twisted.  She turned and hurried down a narrow side street between two brick buildings.

* * *

Tom stepped out of the crowd and stopped to look at his surroundings.  Azael had delayed him, droning on about the great future that was coming.  It was for the benefit of the crowd but Tom had no use for it.  He only wanted to break away and go after Lyn.  He knew what he needed to do and it had little to do with words.  They had blocked him for a time, then let him go to follow his inevitable path.  Tom knew Azael was right, the dark arc tied all possibilities to one point and it was too strong to fight.  He saw two men move down a distant side street and he followed them. 

* * *

Lyn came to a stop; the street had run out.  She had made the mistake of running toward the river and now, instead of buildings in front of her, there was a sea of scrap steel backed up against the water.  The sun’s heat reflected off it and baked the surrounding scrub plants in the cracked earth.  She thought this would be the last place anyone would look for her so she moved forward, crossing railroad tracks and skirting an oily puddle that refused to evaporate under the flaming the sun.
The piles of metal formed canyons, a maze of steel where barbs and twisted points that thrust outward.  She walked between them, hearing the creak of metal expanding in the heat.  Her own breathing reflected back at her.  There was a dinging sound as a pebble skipped its way down through the pile, raucously loud in the narrow space.  The stone found a resting place and the sound died.  She was about to move on when there was another sound - the scrape of a foot on dirt.  Someone had followed her.   She hurried, exiting the scrap heaps toward the river side.  Her choices were running out.  The river churned in front of her, reflecting the red sky above.
“Lyn,” a voice called.  It was Tom. She turned and ran, moving down river in the lane between the scrap heaps and the embankment that edged the river.  When she thought she had run a safe distance, Lyn crouched in the brush and listened.  There was no sound of pursuit.  She remained hidden anyway, sweat beading in her hair, brush prickling her skin.  A cicada buzzed.  
A bee flew off from a flower nearby.  She reached out for the flower, encouraged by its defiance of the junk piles and the burning sun.  There was no sign of Tom, no footsteps, no stealthy pursuit.  She thought he must have gone another way.  She plucked the flower and held it to her nose as she looked out on the river, wondering where to go from here.  Certainly out of the city.  A shadow flashed across her peripheral vision.  Before she could turn, something struck her and she fell from the embankment into the river.  Coolness wrapped around her.

* * *

Tom burst out from between the metal heaps in time to hear a splash.  A man stood near the edge of the river.  He darted a look at Tom, then fled into the metal piles.  Tom knew who it was; a nobody, an Azael fanatic sent to keep him moving forward.  Lyn was in the river now and there was only one thing he could do.  He dashed along the bank, searching for Lyn in the red light.  He spotted her, the hump of her body sweeping downstream and scrambled to keep pace.  His footsteps broke loose debris that splashed in the water.  The path ended abruptly so he dove.  The water was deep and cold.  There was a brief moment of relief of coolness and the thought that he hadn’t caved his skull in on a rocky bottom, then he stroked upward and broke into the open air.  He found Lyn floating face down and lifted her head up clear of the water.  It was impossible to tell if she was still breathing.  He wrapped an arm tight around her and kicked for shore.
It was hard pulling Lyn’s weight against the eddies and his muscles began to ache.  He was almost out of strength when his body came up against a wall.  Tom’s hand scrabbled at the surface, tearing his knuckles as the current dragged them downstream.  At last his fingers caught a crack and he clung there, listening.
There were voices above; Azael’s people.  Anyone out in the city now had to be Azael’s people.  They would offer no help; he was being led down a path.  Tom slipped his fingers from the crack and the two of them drifted away.
Lyn’s body was pressed against his; there was still warmth in it.  She was alive.  As long as she was alive, there was hope.  There was a place, he could see it.  It was approaching from downstream; a dark arch against the grey stone wall.  He kicked toward it and the sound grew to a roar, hollow and echoing as a portion of the river turned and rushed down this subterranean passage.  They picked up speed as they shot into the mouth of the tunnel.  
Fear gripped him.  The current was strong and there was nothing to stop them.  This was the sluiceway that led under the mill where he worked, under the zoom room.  It was the archway opening into the earth he had seen the kayaker paddle into on his first day in town.  It was the pathway Axel had planned to use to steal the zoom.
Tom reached out and scrabbled for a handhold on the slime-wet stone as he slipped by but it only peeled back his fingernails.  There was no stopping.  He wondered if there might be machinery ahead, some remnant of the water power system that they would be caught in and crushed or drown.  Then the space opened he saw where they were headed.  It was a transition to a vertical drop, a semicircular dam where the water plunged straight down.  A shaft protruded from the hole and extended up through the ceiling, the turbine shaft.  
Tom kicked his body around to meet the hole feet first.  He hoped to stop the two of them on the edge of the dam but the effort was unnecessary.  A rusted metal grill ran around the rim of it preventing them from entering the turbine.  They were caught along with debris and a tangle of slime ridden logs.  He clung to the clot of material and looked around.  It was a low room with a floor that sloped into the water so workers could clear clogs like the one they were caught on.
Tom dragged Lyn up the ramp, onto a concrete surface.  Her breathing was shallow but she was alive.  He stood, dripping wet in the light that filtered in from outside.  Nearby, water roared down the hole they had avoided.  He looked up to see a door in the ceiling, the zoom room was up there.  This is where Axel had dumped the zoom bags that day.  They were gone now; removed by the police or by Lenny.
He looked at Lyn as she breathed evenly.  He was glad she was unconscious, what he had to do would be easier.  He pulled the dagger from inside his belt.  It was a miracle it was still there after his struggle in the river.  Maybe Azael had manipulated that too.  He had manipulated Tom all the way here.  This was the end of the path.
He had seen himself opening the portal that day in the zoom room, the day he had been drugged by the spilled chemical.  He had seen himself cutting a slit in reality.  Tom stabbed the dagger into the air in front of him now but nothing happened.  He knew why.  He looked at Lyn.  The knife needed power.  It needed the energy of a human life.
Tom straddled Lyn with his knees, knowing this had to be done the way he had seen it in the tree of time.
 Lyn’s eyes moved and she twitched.  Don’t wake up, he prayed.  He clamped both hands around the handle of the knife, as though they might rebel against the task and plunged the dagger deep with the strength of both arms.  It crunched through bone.  Lyn’s eyes snapped open in shock and she reached out to him but she was weak.  Tom mustered his own strength and shoved the dagger deeper.  He knew this was the only way.  Lyn’s eyes went wide in shock.  Energy ran up the shaft of the knife with a sound like a jet wind, searing his hand.  The pain was excruciating but he held on.  At last he could stand it no longer.  Screaming, he jerked out the knife but the energy transfer wasn’t over.  Once connected, it defied breaking, continuing to leap the space for a moment, then snapping back in a burst of energy that threw him and Lyn apart.  The knife clanged as it hit the floor.
Tom rolled in agony, clutching his burnt hand to his chest.  The pain was all encompassing, crushing his consciousness to a pinpoint.  The peak washed past him and he lay panting.  The dagger was nearby and the outline of the snake glowed on the handle with the orange of an inner fire.  Lyn’s crumpled form was nearby but he tried not to look.  He prayed this wasn’t for nothing.
Tom forced himself to his feet and reached for the knife, fumbling it with his left hand.  He cursed.  The moment was slipping away.  Tom didn’t think the energy would stay in the knife for long.  He forced himself to grasp the knife in his burnt hand and gritted his teeth against the agony.  It had to be the same hand, he knew that.  He reached low, thrust the knife into what should have been thin air and felt it plant solidly.  As he drew it up, the fabric of space let out a screech like a living creature.  He didn’t stop.  Tom pulled hard drawing the dagger up high over his head.  The slit needed to be large.  It glowed with a white light and Tom found irony in its purity.
He shoved the knife back in his belt and pushed his hands into the slit.  It needed to be wide.  The pain caused by using his injured hand was still excruciating, but it didn’t seem to matter now.  He worked his fingers in first, then his hands.  An electric vibration ran through them as he wrenched it wider.  The slit fought back, contracting with muscle-like force.  It was a struggle but he felt he was winning, widening the opening  Then it bucked, throwing him back.  
The narrow passage twisted throwing off arcs of electricity that skimmed the water.  It was bound by the timbers of the ceiling, pressing against them in its effort to expand.  There was a splintering sound as the wood gave way, shattering from enormous force.
Beams and joists tumbled down onto the jetty, some into the water followed by sacks and pallets.  Tom realized they were bags of zoom.  The bright passage pushed upward into the new space, twenty feet tall and  broad enough for a man to pass through.  He remembered a verse from Sol’s sermon.  Wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads a man to his destruction . . . 
He stood and moved closer to the anomaly.  It was transparent, like a prism, the facets changing, distorting.  There were images and he realized they were images of times past, events that were actually happening now on the other side of this doorway.  He saw Axel as he was drawn into the rift, screaming.  The facets shifted and now he saw himself peering back on that day he had moved the bags, terrified.  It was incrementing backward in time, a hundred years now.  There was the ceiling of the zoom room with wooden gears turning, shafts rotating and belts slipping.  Their movement giving off a rumble of power.  The view slipped again, a huge jump.  There was the river, pristine, before the white man came.  Water gurgled in the sun.  Then there were snow fields of the last ice age, wind sweeping across glaciers in a white haze. 
Tom knew this was a thin spot in time but these were not the times he needed.  Azael’s prison existed outside of time.  He didn’t know how to summon it.  His frustration was growing when suddenly it was there, called by his anxiety.  It was infinity, like peering into one of two mirrors facing each other, images extending off farther that he could see, each one showing himself standing in front of the portal holding the dagger.  As he watched, the infinite images of himself turned to look back, peering toward him, past him into his own reality.  Tom turned too, wondering what the others were seeing and saw only the wall.  He wondered what it meant.  There might be answers on the other side but answers weren’t what he was looking for now.  There were more important things on that side. 
Tom looked at the serpent mark on his hand one last time.  It was a dual mark, a mark that reminded him that his next action was his own choice alone.  He gripped the knife tightly and the pain stung him, but it was good.  It centered him.  He was ready.  He remembered a verse, more recent than the one from the bible but still powerful; The gate is straight, deep and wide . . .  He stepped through the slit to the other side.

I’m gonna put on an iron shirt,
And chase Satan out of Earth.

- Chase the Devil
- Max Romeo
36

It was grey.  There was nothing else.  Tom looked but there was nothing; no landmarks, no variations in shade, no line on the horizon.   He looked down to see what he stood on.  The grey surface under his feet stretched off to infinity where it blended with the sky, creating a blankness that teased his sense of perception.  It was impossible to tell if he was surrounded by an endless void or simply a dull wall a few feet away.  Tom stretched out his hand to touch a reference point, to get some bearing and was alarmed to find he could reach down past the soles of his sneakers as if there were no ground at all.
“Impossible,” he said softly.  The word fell dead in space, absorbed.  The calmness in his voice hid his growing tension.  He hadn’t expected this.  Now that he was here, he realized he hadn’t thought much beyond stepping through the portal at all.  Step through and destroy Azael, destroy them all.  It had blared in his mind like a headline in a newspaper.  This place was an unknown, something he couldn’t begin to understand.  
Cold soaked into him, spreading up his legs, along his arms.  It wasn’t the kind of cold he knew; not a physical cold.  It drew something other than heat out of him.  It was hope that was draining away, his self certainty.  He took a step.  It felt normal enough and it bumped up his confidence.  He took another step but it wasn’t as helpful as the first.  On the third, he knew something was wrong; his contact with the ground wasn’t solid, his forward momentum was fading.  By the fifth step, he was treading in space with no purchase, no pressure on the bottoms of his feet as though he had walked off a pedestal into space.  The gravity he had brought with him had dissipated.  This place had taken it; it had an emptiness that couldn’t be sated.
Tom waved his arms and legs, swung them at their full extension thinking there had to be something solid out there.  He pivoted his neck searching for the portal he had come in through but there was nothing.  He shouted but it felt like shouting into a wad of cotton as the sound damped away.  The idea that there was nothing here, absolutely nothing, had no place in his mind.  He hung for a moment, in the grey with no way to tell if he was head up or head down, drifting or still.  His mind, unable to grip this concept, triggered a reflex to reach out and touch a reference point to answer the question once and for all.  His limbs reached and flailed and found nothing until a conscious effort stopped the movement. 
  Each time his senses reported no reference points, a search reflex kicked in causing him to reach and kick like a wild marionette.  He tried to rest, to calm his mind but every time he did, the implausibility of the place triggered the search reflex.  The constant loop was inescapable; try and reject, try and reject and he wondered how long this could go on before it drove him insane.
Then he realized there was something here.  Tom touched his shirt, felt the buttons, the fabric.  It offered relief as well as alarm.  The objects felt thin.  They had less texture, less volume, less – comfort than they should have.  Tom realized this place was depleting them.  They were evaporating, subliming like ice to vapor.  “No,” he whispered.  The weak sound of his own voice triggered another ‘try’ order from his mind and his limbs flailed again.  He was left panting.  Tom wished for a an object, any object to stave off the insanity.  To think he had gone through his life surrounded by things, never appreciating their solidity.  A wall, a book, even a paper clip would give him hope.  This was Hell.  It was perfect in its simplicity.
Tom spit but it evaporated inches from his lips.  He hadn’t rejected God, he didn’t deserve this.  He had fought for him against Azael and his abandonment here was wrong.  He drew the dagger that was tucked inside his belt.  It was solid, made of stuff that could somehow withstand this place.  He considered throwing it to see how far it would go but the idea of parting with it frightened him.
“Azael,” he shouted.  It was another sound into cotton.  He shouted louder.  Tom understood he was on his own.  God didn’t listen in this place.
Something moved.  It was a shimmer, like heat on a summer day.  Tom thought it might be an anomaly of his eyes but he saw it again; a wiggle in the shade of grey.  He still wasn’t sure whether he was looking into a distance or at a grey wall but whatever it was wiggled larger as he watched.
Something else was happening as well.  He felt pressure on the bottoms of his feet.  Gravity was returning, orientation.  The energy of hope flowed through him, a trickle of confidence.  Whether it was coming from his knowledge of the approaching object or from the dagger he wasn’t sure; maybe both.  Tom gripped the dagger tighter.
There appeared to be a group of people coming toward him, distant, arms and legs swinging as they walked.  Tom knew he had been sent here.  They both wanted him here, God and Azael, to bet on like a rat in a maze.  Would he turn left or right?  All or nothing.  God had dropped him here expecting him to defeat Azeal.  Abandon him.  But Azael had offered things.  Azael was here for him, coming now.  He had given him the dagger that was sending energy coursing through him.  Tom knew he was supposed to make a choice, to choose a side but it was done.  The decision had been made when he took a life to power the dagger.  There was no reason to wait.  It was time to greet Azael.  He stepped forward into the grayness but instead of setting down on something solid, Tom’s foot continued falling into nothing and he tumbled forward.  His body spun head over heels with no reference other than the sick whirling sensation in his head.
The grey expanse had appeared empty but that was proved wrong as Tom bounced off unseen things, pounding his body, pin wheeling him around.  There was nothing to see, nothing to guard against until he was struck again and another grunt of pain was knocked out of him.  Tom had begun to grey out when at last he slammed into something floor-like and solid.  A clawed fist hoisted him up, and he was face to face with one of the fallen.
The angel emanated an aura, an energy too powerful to be sucked away even in this grey place.  Tom’s body prickled from it.  The demon had lifted him up a good two feet to bring him face to face.   Its enormous eyeballs rolled in their sockets as the creature inspected him.  Its skin looked tough as leather, wrapped on a skull that was angular, sloping upward toward the back.  This one made a sound of disdain and dropped him.  Tom landed hard on whatever passed for ground here.  He had an idea the ‘ground’ only existed due to the proximity of the fallen ones.  Some force of will on their part had created it.  
Their group was large.  He didn’t count them but he was sure it was two hundred just as Sol had quoted from the apocrypha.  These were not the effeminate angels depicted in religious art.  These were warriors, strong and powerful.  He doubted any army on Earth could withstand beings who could exist in a place like this.  He wondered why God had made them at all.
The demons spoke to each other in thoughts, overlapping, sounding almost like a snake’s hissing.  The thoughts echoed in Tom’s head; he has come, kill him now, the door is open, we are free, take the dagger.  The voices were too much and Tom covered his ears with no affect.  They were in his mind, accompanied by a vastness he couldn’t comprehend, mathematical snippets of the universe that went off  like fireworks.  He was overwhelmed by the bursts.  Spit ran from his mouth as he groaned in agony, the concepts threatening to burn out his brain.  Then it stopped.  All was silent.  
“You’ve opened the portal,” came a single voice of thought, all of them somehow in unison.  It was laced with echoes and overlaps but it was understandable.
“Your portal is gone,” Tom said.  “It was a one way trip.”
“You are wrong.”
One of the creatures pointed and Tom looked.  He saw a faint shimmer in the grayness.  It was the shape of the slit he had come through, drained and faded like the rest of the place.  Tom wondered how anyone could spot it and then realized the glimmer would be obvious to anyone who had spent - he wasn’t sure exactly how long they had been imprisoned here.
The voices returned, overlapping, echoing in his head.  The dagger was wrenched from his hand.  Earth is ours, we have won, the Old One is weak, pass through the door.  The fallen angels moved toward the portal.
“Wait,” Tom said.  To his surprise, they stopped.  “What will you do with it?   My world - now that it is yours?”  They looked at him as they whispered among themselves.  Then they spoke as one again.
“We will free your people.  We will teach them the truth.  They will know they have been lied to by their creator, that good and evil are not intrinsic concepts harbored in their hearts but rather ideas defined by power.  We are the new power and we will grant your people the freedom to define those concepts for themselves.  There will be no penalty.”  
“I saw some of the freedom that you talk about before I got here.  You are talking about chaos.  That’s your gift.  Don’t try to paint it as something wonderful.”
“Not everyone will understand.  Those who do not will learn while they serve.”
“Serve?  You?  Is that what you mean?”
“Serving is its own reward, as you will find out.  You opened the portal and you will open it over again, traveling back through the dark loop.  The last time you came this way you killed the girl and threw her husk into the portal, back into her own past.  You hoped the paradox would break the cycle but it didn’t.  You failed just as you will continue to fail for the next two thousand years.”
Now Tom understood.  The dark arc that locked events in place, it wasn’t just an arc, it made a full circle, it was a loop of time where Azael meant for him to live these events over and over – for eons.  It was his future.  It explained the endless mirror he had seen in the portal.  His own actions, his life, would hold this new world in place.
 “It’s not going to happen,” Tom said.  “I won’t be opening your door again.  I won’t be reliving any of this.  Your loop is broken.”  He held up his hand with the snake on it.  “It took me a while to understand.  This is a message.  Fitz tried to explain it before you took him.  So did Sol but you stopped them both.  One of your own people finally gave it away; ‘Just as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, so the Son of Man must be lifted up.’  Christ on the cross – self sacrifice.  You can see the future but you could never see further than this moment, could you?  He wouldn’t let you.”
He lies, he killed the girl, we saw it, crush his mind, take his body, flee, we must leave  through the portal now.
 “You are wrong,” Azael said in their ‘one’ voice.  “You have followed this path many times already, always with the same result.  We have locked events in place with the dark loop.”
“Another one of your half truths.  Your loop isn’t a complete lock.  There had to be free will – it’s one of the rules of the game.  It’s why you need me in there.  I’ve followed this path over and over but each time it’s a bit different.  You believe that beyond this moment is your double millennium of supreme power but you can’t be sure.  He won’t allow you to see.  He’s stronger than you.”
“He was, but no more.   You have tipped the scales; you killed the girl.  You have failed him.  The walls around you have fallen and with no protection, we can destroy you.  You were his last defense.  Do you feel the vise?”
Tom began to feel something like he had never felt before; his thoughts bumping up against a wall, like playing tennis in a tight corridor.  “We can crush your mind.  We have that power here – this is our realm.”  The mental force contracted tighter, his thoughts were caged, compressing inward toward despair.
 “Open your eyes.  Your sense of right and wrong is a shallow concept planted by a creator whose time is past.  Good is redefined.  We planted a grain of hope in your head to lead you here.  There are hundreds of false paths and you’ve tried every one.  You’ve failed each time.”
Tom’s mind struggled in its tight space and found only one concept to cling to; that no matter what the outcome, he had done what he knew was right. 
You have failed.  Azael’s voices echoed.   Two hundred minds, swirled down on Tom’s to crush him but they rebounded off something invisible and solid.  Azael staggered back, all two hundred, stunned.
 A rose of blood bloomed on Tom’s chest, soaking through his shirt from a place over his heart.  Tom’s mouth tightened in a grimace of pain.  It was almost a smile.  “She’s alive.”  He coughed.  Flecks of blood tainted his lips.
She’s not, Azael answered, you killed her - it was your choice.  Azael peered into Tom’s mind, into his memories, into the recent past and watched as Tom crouched over Lyn, raised the knife, and plunged it, not into her heart but into his own.
“I filled the dagger with my own life.  Your clamp on events kept me alive, saved me from the wound just as it protected me from the poison.  I don’t think even you realized how strong the arc was in those last moments.  Now it’s gone.  Your loop is shattered.  Energy sipped from a billion souls, bound against its nature.  I wonder where all that power will go?  ”  Tom knew it had to go somewhere.  It had been a taught spring, bent to its limit, set to recoil.  Now nothing could stop it.
The dagger, still held in one angel’s hand, burst into brilliant white light.  He dropped it and stepped away.  It was a trickle from the dam.  Tom felt the pressure building inside him.  There was no pain; he was ready.  The gash in his chest burst open, venting energy that could no longer be contained.  It shredded his body in an explosion of white fire.  The flame swept outward over the fallen who raised their arms to shield themselves with no affect.  The fire incinerated their flesh, then their bones, leaving an optical negative that shown bright for a moment before it faded and the ash drifted away.  The fire stretched into the nothingness and finally subsided leaving only grey.  

* * *

The janitor stood looking over the control panel on and old machine, arms crossed, chin in hand.  The panel was built with grey steel, Bakelite knobs and dials, meters and glowing lights.
“Hang in there old girl,” he said to it, “you’ve got a ways to go yet.”
He reached out and tapped a meter that was stuck, pegged at the high end.  The needle broke free and settled to equilibrium.  His eyes scanned the other levels and lights, some which flashed red indicating a fault.  He appeared to accept them as if some faults were inevitable.
The consol was large, much too large for anyone to actually monitor, stretching right and left as far as the eye could see.  He wasn’t concerned about the size, though.  It was a construct, a metaphor for a thought process that existed inside his head.  He enjoyed seeing it this way because it kept him grounded.
“You did good, Tom,” he said aloud.  “Let’s see if we can’t clean up some of that mess they made.”  
He stretched out his hand and pressed a button that had RESET printed above it.  There was the sound of a relay clanking deep inside the machine.  Most of the lights went out and a dynamo wound down.  Then the lights flickered and came back on as the dynamo wound back up with a hum.
The janitor knew about the golden arcs in the tree of time, loops really, and he knew if Tom could see them now he might understand what they were.

And if the devil is six
Then God is seven.

- The Pixies
- Monkey Gone to Heaven

Fate
Up against your will
Through the thick and thin
He will wait until
You give yourself to him

- Echo And The Bunny Men
Epilogue

The sun was bright.  It was yellow and it was warm.  A young man blinked and looked around himself.  It felt as though he had just gotten off a roller coaster.  He realized he must have blacked out for a moment.  A kid stood nearby, poised on his bicycle.  “You alright mister?”  He had stopped when he saw the man fall.
Tom didn’t answer at first, he rubbed his chest over his heart then checked his wrist.  There was nothing clamped there - no jangling steel.
“I think so,” he answered.  The kid accepted this and pedaled off.
The man’s keys were lying on the pavement where they had fallen.  He picked them up, glad they hadn’t fallen into that patch of weeds only inches away.  A vague memory bothered him, a memory of stinging nettles.  The memory didn’t connect to anything so he shook it off and got up.
A curly haired man stood on the balcony above holding a beer.  He scowled when Tom met his gaze and disappeared into the upstairs apartment.  Tom rubbed his temple, staving off the déjà vu and remembered that he had to meet the landlord here.  He was late.  He hurried up the driveway and rang the bell of the apartment building.  The door sagged dangerously on its hinges when a young woman opened it.  She was about his age and pretty. 
“I’m Tom Brooks,” he said, “here about the apartment,”  Then he pointed at the door.  “Looks like you need something fixed.”
“Yes,” said the young woman, “my uncle used to fix things here but he passed away a while back.”
 “I’m sorry to hear that.”
“Thanks.  I don’t suppose you’re good at fixing things?  This place needs a lot of help.”
“I’m handy with tools.  I learned a lot from . . .”  Where did I learn that?  “an old handyman.”
“Why don’t you come in,” she said, holding the door open.  “My name is Lyn.  Maybe we can work something out.”

* * *

Axel Cross was more of a homebody these days.  About six months back he had a bad encounter with a machine at work.  His face was deeply scared - but it could have been worse.    There was an operation to repair the worst of the damage and he had to sell his Harley to pay for it.  It was a tough time.  The only bright points were Tina and the baby on the way.  Tina stood by him, like no one else ever had, and he had begun to see her in a different way.  He was surprised to be looking forward to fatherhood - and maybe even the ‘M’ word.
He missed the Harley, but these days it seemed less important.

* * *

The police arrested a local burglar named Richard Flitwick with the help of an anonymous phone tip.  The detective who had been working on the case wasn’t there for the bust.  He had been killed in the line of duty several days earlier.  The newspaper ran an article.

Long time Manchester Police Detective Anthony ‘Tony’ Grippa was gunned down last night in the line of duty as he attempted to apprehend suspect, Rico Garcia.  Garcia, originally from Lowell, was wanted for questioning in the rape of a Manchester woman.  The suspect is still at large.  Police say they have a lead on his whereabouts, but declined to be more specific.  Grippa was a well respected member of the police department for forty years and was six weeks shy of retirement.  Anthony Grippa is survived by his daughter Lindsey Haige.

* * *

An exclusive resort, in the Caribbean, had hired a new masseuse.  She was short and round with bulging eyes.  The customers loved her.
“Ja,” the man moaned up from the table, “This is better than sex.”  The masseuse worked his flesh with her strong hands.  “You’ve got to Marry me,” he said.
The masseuse laughed.  “What would you do with two wives?”
“It’s always good to have a spare.”  He was on a short list of the world’s wealthiest men.  
“No sir, I have to be number one,” she jibed.  “I could read your fortune, though, and tell you what might be coming.” 
The man rolled back a bit.  “I’ve got an army of lawyers and CPAs who can’t do that.  You’re telling me you can?”
“Of course I can, you are in the islands.  It is part of the magic.  Just give me what you are paying them.”
He laughed.  “How about a good tip instead?”
“Fair enough.”  She slapped his shoulder indicating that he was done and he sat up, not bothering to cover his crotch with the towel.
“Drink your tea,” she said.
He picked it up and sipped.
“It’s different,” he said, swirling the ice.  “What’s in it?”
“It’s my own blend.  It relaxes you.”
“So that’s your secret.  I thought it was in your hands.”
‘It was my hands that made the tea, funny man.  You drink up.”
He finished the tea and put the glass down.
“Tell me my fortune, Ja.  Tell me the truth.”
The woman began massaging his temples and singing a wordless song.  It sounded ancient.  The man slipped deeper into relaxation - deeper than he had ever known.  His eyelids fluttered and his jaw slackened.  Drool rolled from his mouth and he uttered a moaning, primal sound.  His eyes began to twitch rapidly, from side to side, like a dreamer.
The woman slapped his face to bring him out of it but he was too deep.  This was no good.  She slapped his cheek, harder but he continued to drool and twitch.
“Oh, lord,” she said, looking around furtively, “Oh lord, not again.”

* * *

A Note From The Author

Thanks for spending time with Earth Unraveled.  I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.  Some of the ideas sprang to life easily, some of them morphed and evolved over time, others were taken from personal experience.  Most of the characters announced themselves on their own.
If you enjoyed the book, please feel free to write a review on Smashwords or Amazon.  Positive reviews are helpful to writers.  If you have any, suggestions or comments, please email me at rathdalton@gmail.com.


About The Author

Rath Dalton lives in New Hampshire with his wife and kids.  He owns a small business that works with both the military and private industry.
