The Poetry of Necromancy
By C.S. Thompson

Copyright 2014 by Christopher Scott Thompson
Published by Christopher Scott Thompson at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends.
This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes,
provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please
return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author. Thank you
for your support.
Table of Contents

The Poetry of Necromancy
Dead Men Weep
In the Pines

Extras

The Night Wanderer
The Flowers of Evil: Selected Translations From Baudelaire
About C.S. Thompson
Other Books by C.S. Thompson
Connect With C.S. Thompson
Three Stories of Nottamun

Bizarre, dark and extreme urban fantasy set in the fictional city of Nottamun, setting of The Noctiviganti Series.

"There are not many authors, even in the gothic urban fantasy genres who dare to handle the darker sides of insanity and the occult as brazenly as Thompson does…" (Alan Rogers)

"An astonishing tour de force of noir fantasy, characterized by some of the most beautifully lyrical, atmospheric writing I've come across in a long while. Chris Thompson skilfully blends the mean streets with the streets of dreams in this highly evocative concoction, offering the reader bafflement, dazzlement, gritty hard-boiled realism, wonder and astonishment in turn – but always delight. A Season of Strange Dreams will remain in your mind long after you've turned the final page." (John Grant, co-editor of The Encyclopedia of Fantasy)

"C.S.Thompson summons up a darkly poetic masterpiece in A Season of Strange Dreams. Enter the life of Jim Rankin, the Nightwalker, who slips between the fabric of the dark city of Nottamun and the blackness of a dreamworld known as the Fringe. As the border of the two mysterious worlds loses definition, the Nightwalker travels through violence, memories and self-judgement to find a way to salvation. Thompson's writing is brilliant. The imagery of his words is equal to the paintings of H.R.Giger; horrible, cruel and seductive. If you enjoyed Neil Gaiman's Neverwhere, read A Season of Strange Dreams." (I. Hunter, Portland, ME)

"The tales themselves are generally of small-time gangsters... of murderers, of those who live on or beyond the fringes of the law... Some of the tales draw heavily upon the supernatural, such as the title story, whose protagonist is murdered but does not die,  all give the impression that, even if the supernatural is not on stage during this particular segment of Thompson's world-depiction, it is waiting in the wings, its cold breath audible to the players." (John Grant)

A Season Of Strange Dreams (Noctiviganti, #1)
And Then the Night (Noctiviganti, #2)
City of Constant Silence (Noctiviganti, #3)
For Now We Wait (Noctiviganti, #4)
Tree of a Thousand Eyes (Noctiviganti, #5)
River of Doorways (Noctiviganti, #6)
Last Days of the Night Kingdom (Noctiviganti, #7)

The Poetry of Necromancy
Originally published in The Blackest Death Anthology, KHP Press, Autumn 2003.

I had just delivered a lecture. It was one of those cowardly little lectures about myth and archetype. The value of storytelling to cultures everywhere. Watered down profundities. After I gave up my other studies, this was all I had left of them.
I was walking with my hands in my pockets, feeling typically melancholy. Musing about the ways in which we trade magic for lesser things. The ways in which we dissect our nightmares until they can no longer terrify us, until the only thing we're scared of us is this fatal boredom.
That, and the messages that still creep in from the other places. When I saw the bum begging for change, I was mildly nervous. He was clothed in filth and rags, and his eyes were rather shark-like. He didn't look contrite enough for a beggar. That was cause for suspicion.
The sign with which he begged for spare change was decorated with an ominous chaos of random symbols- peace signs and smiley faces, the A of anarchy, and one shape as complicated and exotic as the stylized signatures of graffiti taggers. I wouldn't have spoken with him, but I knew that sign. I would never have expected to see it here. I stopped at the mouth of the alley and peered in at him, crouching there.
"Does it really help?" I asked him, pointing.
He grinned at me slyly. "It doesn't work all the time. They'd catch on if it did. All it does, really, is improve the odds. I drink better most nights as a result."
"I was only a dilettante, myself," I said, "Not a true adept. Oh, I studied the grimoires. I memorized the poetry of necromancy. But I was always too terrified to try it for myself."
"Or maybe you didn't believe."
"Yes, perhaps." I nodded. "But where would belief have gotten me?"
I didn't intend this as an insult. But the implication was obvious. If goetia led anywhere worth going, you couldn't prove it by him. His magician's tower was a heap of piled cardboard and an alleyway cluttered with beer cans and discarded condoms.
"You're confused." He grinned. "But I am willing to enlighten you. The grimoires have no poetry in them. If you found it there, you brought it there. Those books are all-too-human."
He paused for a moment, fished in his pile of rags and came out with a bottle. It was a sickly green variety of Mad Dog 20/20. He offered me a taste, but I refused. Then he drank deep, and grimaced. He wiped a spilled drop of wine from his chin.
"They're all-too-human," he repeated. "Just look at the titles of their alleged workings- how to find treasure, how to get revenge, how to find out if your wife is lying. Petty, horrid little things. But they can lead to worldly success."
I just stared back at him. No contradiction was needed. But he didn't take offense; instead he laughed at me. "The poetry of necromancy is found somewhere else. It's not high poetry, really- no, it's more like a limerick. Light verse to pass the decades. But it's a lonely kind of fun."
"What are you talking about?"
I stepped into the alley. He looked up at me curiously. Perhaps he had waited for a long time to give this lecture, in a world without apprentices.
"Let's say that what we call life is a type of dreaming. A dream of the living, and the dead have their own dreams too. Slow dreams. Dead dreams."
Something about the way he said that made me shudder.
"Yes, the dreams of the living are fast," he said, "And the dead dreams are slow. There's no other difference."
"And so you, as a necromancer…"
"I read the slow dreams like a sheet of music. And then I play them."
I suppose he must have thought that I was looking at him skeptically.
"I assure you, it's true. And there is nothing more horrible on this side of the grave."
He chuckled and coughed up phlegm. Tubercular phlegm, disease ridden. He was swarming with life.
"No, nothing more horrible on this side of the grave. But on the other side…"
He pointed to a small wet lump of brown hair with white eyes. I could smell it rotting.
"Just look at that rat there," he said. "The perfect vessel."
He patted it like a pet. I swallowed deeply. His madness was compelling. I wanted to leave at that moment. There was nothing I wanted more. But I had to watch.
"I'll play its dreams for you," he said. And then he closed his eyes and stopped breathing. At first I wondered if he was dead, and I wasn't sure if I should try to do something or just make an anonymous call from the nearest pay phone. But then he took one deep breath that shook his body. It was as if he was drawing water from a very deep well. And when his eyes opened again they seemed to shimmer with starlight.
I peered a little closer. The light was not his own. His eyes reflected the sky of early evening like two pools of clear water. But underneath that, they were all but empty. They had turned into rat's eyes- and the rat was now moving.
It got two legs underneath it like a drunk standing up. The bottom half of its body was trying to help. Maggots poured out of a wound in its belly. The body fell apart. Both halves collapsed to the pavement again, now all but separated. Gravity had defeated its strange ambition. The creature's legs churned at the air. It knew nothing about hopelessness. As long as it was under this compulsion it would go on trying to stand.
The necromancer was laughing.
"Do you see what I mean?" he said. "It is strictly for amusement. But it's a gallows humor, I'm aware of that. The kind very few could stomach."
"I didn't think it was funny."
"So very sensitive. Such scruples." He laughed again.
I turned away as if to leave. But the sight of it held me. Once the command was set in motion, it seemed that contact was not required. The necromancer was no longer in the trance, but the rat still moved. And the poor creature's tormentor had not finished with his lecture.
"You understand now why the Haitians do not fear the zombi. They fear becoming a zombi. And that's the real horror, isn't it? To be a dead thing, and yet compelled. To have earned your rotten little rest, and still be forced to toil. And after all, what would the dead even do if they awoke from their sleep? Decayed hands wouldn't have the strength to dig through six feet of earth. They'd be trapped down there. Trapped like rats."
He giggled at that.
"So they wouldn't eat our brains?" I laughed. Weak humor to hide my fear.
"No. What would they want with them? They would do nothing at all. That's the one bit of wisdom I gleaned from your precious grimoires. Death is the only condition more powerless than life."
He stood up suddenly, and things fell from him. Dust, fragments of brittle old leaves. Other things that squirmed as they fell.
"Come with me. I'll show you."
"I'm not going anywhere with you."
He came in at me suddenly. I had no time to protect myself. Before I could even put my hands up, he was as close as a lover, grinning his idiotic, knowing grin; his breath smelling of turpentine.
He gripped my tweed jacket and hissed at me, as if he had been to my lecture. "This is not an archetype," he whispered. "This is not a reality either. It is not a mere construct, it is not a concept, but it is not just the truth. These things are mysteries."
He let me go, and I followed him. I had found no mysteries in academia.

We crept surreptitiously through the growing darkness of the city, as if this was how he always traveled, so as never to be seen. From one pool of shadow to another, from one corner to the next. If our city had been at war we would have been safe from any sniper.
It was a slow way to get from one place to another, but it revealed subtleties I had never had the time or inclination to notice in the past. Light splashed across dark pavement like oceans or galaxies. Alleys that faded out into who-knows-what, and strange shapes just past visible, crouching in the dimness. Children with pale, smudge-streaked skin and huge, staring eyes, peeking out from the corners of buildings and then disappearing. All the weird beauties of a place that was dying; Baudelaire's flowers of evil blooming secretly in the unseen corners.
And then the cemetery. It was like another city. If ghouls existed outside the realm of nightmares, they would have felt at home there, haunting that broken necropolis. Our city had been prosperous once, or so everyone assured me. Once upon a time, a long time ago, before the mills went away. Those early prosperous families left their mark upon the cemetery. Grotesque and romantic carvings sprouted like tumors from old shattered mausoleums. Here there was a knight with a sword, there an angel with a book. And everywhere graffiti. One tag said Asian Disciples. Another, strangely, said John the Baptist.
Something moved. Or did I imagine that?
"You're a romanticist," said the necromancer. He spat on the ground. "Ghouls eat corpse flesh."
I followed after him, silent in my thoughts. I already felt like a fool.

We came through into another part of the cemetery. A place where the poor were buried, and I thought the poor shall always be with you. Because even in those more prosperous times, few people rated such Gothic extravagance. In this section there were only crumbling old stones. Some of them had crude carvings. Some had none. Many of them had toppled. These graves went as far back as the 1700s. And here the necromancer stopped. He had come to his punch line, or rather the last line of his grim limerick. His demonstration of what I had called the poetry of necromancy.
He crouched down low over one of the graves. I noticed suddenly that he was much like a spider. Very much like a spider indeed, his limbs repulsively long and thin and his hair like wires. He put his ear to the ground.
"Yes, it's still happening." He nodded. He turned his head around to look at me, and again his eyes reflected starlight. He was smiling at me. I could hear the rustling of leaves and branches, the movement of tiny creatures through the fallen leaves. I could hear everything for a few moments, as if he'd turned up the world's volume.
"You do it," he laughed.
I came over to join him. Suddenly I remembered what he'd said to me earlier. What would the dead even do if they awoke from their sleep? They'd do nothing at all.
"Don't worry," he said, as if he was a little boy showing pornography to his friends. "There's six feet of dirt between them and us, never mind their coffins. They'll never make it through."
He grabbed my arm and forced me down. I put my ear to the earth.
Was that the sound of something frantically trying to dig?

The End

Dead Men Weep
Originally published in Lullaby Hearse Magazine, Winter 2004.

"Imperfect lover! That's how dead men weep!"
Then, like regret, the worm will gnaw your cheek.

-Charles Baudelaire, from the Flowers of Evil

When I look back on my murder now, I can see it only as poetry. A simple deception at my expense, and then my precious surprise. The cold stealing up on me by degrees as my face froze into death. They didn't find me until morning, and I had no eyes by then. The crows eat the eyes first of all; it's not polite to stare.
Something abstract like memory, and more abstract with every passing decade, tells me that what I felt at the time was terror.
But there is no terror now. There is only beauty.

On the night of my murder, I was already very close to being dead. It had been a day like any other. A day of waiting, a day of smiling. A day to be murdered one minute at a time. Now the deed was almost done. I leaned back in the train seat and let my hat tilt forward over my forehead. They would be closing the train soon. The city wasn't busy enough to support it anymore. The few lines that still ran out to the suburbs were grinding down to a halt, their pieces vibrating apart. Before long, they would be rusting corpses. Just like the mills were now. Just like everything else.
My face was blank as I looked around. It was better that way. It was safer not to be seen. Across from me, there was a skinhead wearing an armband that said Saxon Youth. I didn't pay any attention to him, or to anything else.
We went into a tunnel, and I stirred myself for just one moment. I looked out from beneath my hat. The view outside my window was a blackness that covered everything. I didn't think anyone would be moved by that except for me. They wouldn't be moved by anything. The ride home is a thing to be endured rather than experienced.
But I looked out the window as if through a porthole, wondering what mysteries those shadows concealed, wondering what lived there, what crawled there, in the silence and the darkness.
There was a flash of light. I never found out why.
The tunnel was visible for only one moment- long enough to glimpse the truth, not long enough to be sure. Rats squirming like worms in a bucket over a dark lump with what used to be a face; remnants of fingers poking up out of chewed gloves and white bone poking up from chewed fingers; long strands of something thick and rubbery, glistening on the bloated mound of the stomach and jumping at the constant jerking of sharp yellow teeth. And in all those hundreds of hairy bodies, not one that looked less than well-fed, not one that looked needy.
And then it was black out there again.
I sat back in my seat and started shaking. Had I imagined it? Had the city sunk that far into my dreams?
The train left the tunnel then, and I started to breathe. The night sky was speckled with light. There were windows glowing everywhere. A few rows up from me, there was a young couple heading home with their son.
"Daddy," said the boy, who might just have been eight, "Daddy, can we go back underground? I want to go back underground. Under the ground, in the dark, where I can see the rats."
The boy's parents weren't listening. They were reading their newspapers. But I knew the child had seen it too - the rats gorging themselves on meat. That's when I knew that I had to leave. Because the boy wasn't horrified. Because this was his birthright.

I was still shaking on the platform. Home was waiting for me, but I didn't want to go. What was there to go to, really, but my microwave and my bed? Frozen meatloaf to heat up and choke down. Walls that would play back what I had seen in the tunnel.
The skinhead stepped off the train. I didn't see him. But he saw me.
"Hey, buddy," he called out.
I jumped like a rabbit and turned to face him. He smiled in amusement, and it was an ugly thing to see. A rat's smile, hungry and ignorant. Empty of everything but the most simple kind of power.
"Do you have a light?" he asked.
I shook my head. I knew something was wrong.
"That's okay, man. Don't worry."
I turned to walk away, but he followed at a distance. "Don't worry," he had told me, not even pretending to be sincere. And I was worried now, of course I was, just like he wanted me to be. Worried enough to panic and do something stupid- to lose the game we were suddenly playing.
I walked through the streets for a little while. I don't know how long. People passed me by, but there was no one who could help me. The city streets are never empty, and there are lights on at every hour. I saw the lost men who wander after midnight, blowing from place to place like dead old leaves. They wouldn't want any part of my trouble. I saw old women huddling in doorways, muttering the names of their dead like incantations. I saw feral dogs fighting over chicken bones in an alley strewn with the guts of eviscerated trash bags. And always he followed me, like an avenging corpse.
I didn't want him to follow me home. That seems so foolish now, but it's what I was thinking. I thought I could find sanctuary along the way. An all-night convenience store, or perhaps a restaurant. I had chosen the wrong streets, streets that offered no hope.
I turned left down an alley and started running. I didn't listen for his footsteps, because I knew they would be there. We were no longer pretending that this was anything but a hunt.
I turned right suddenly and ran past bright graffiti. Again I chose poorly. My path ended in sudden blackness. At first I thought the way was still clear, although extraordinarily dark. Then I realized I was standing in front of a building- an old abandoned factory that wore the shadows like a cloak.
I ducked my head in the mouth of its huge empty doorway. There wasn't any hope for me here. It felt more threatening than he did. I heard his footsteps again. There was nothing left but to turn around.
"Hey, man- you dropped your money."
My face felt feverish. He looked like a goblin leering out of the night. He was holding his hand out. I looked down. And yes, there was money there. Could I have been wrong?
"Oh, hey- thanks," I said, embarrassed- and too relieved to pay attention. I had judged him by a stereotype. He wasn't like that. I reached a shaking hand towards him.
When I touched the money, he grabbed me, and he was far too fast. He jerked my hand forward and jabbed something below my arm. It entered at the bottom of my armpit.
My lungs filled up with blood.

I floated for a long time, and at first I didn't see. I don't recall a mist, or darkness. I don't recall anything that could be described in terms of sight. I had lost my point of connection to this earth.
Maybe that's what happens to the others. Perhaps they float away, and see nothing, feel nothing; perhaps they dissipate. It may be that they would envy me if they could, as I envy them. Or perhaps they are all around me, as invisible to me as I am to you, and that death is an unending solitude.
In any case, I stopped floating. It had not been a long time. My blood was still warm. I could feel it and smell it, a hot river of molten iron running out across a flood plain of solid ice. I looked down at my body, crumpled up like an old piece of paper, and I was glad to be done with it. My hands were curled up like strange claws. My pockets had been turned inside out.
I must have watched myself for some time. I was like an exile looking for the first time in years at the city of his youth- a place familiar and yet half forgotten. When the crows came, I was mildly offended. They hopped up on me, pecked at me. They ate my eyes like two grapes. They burrowed through my cheek and tore off bits of my tongue. They all looked fat, black and sleek- as healthy as the rats.

I can't remember anything in daylight. No doubt I exist in the day, if this is existence. But I'm invisible to myself. The sun rises, and I burn away. When the world is dark, I congeal down again. And that's when I wander. I float through the hallways of this vast factory, watching. The years eat what the crows left, and the city forgets about me.
The halls of the factory were abandoned a long time ago, but life finds its hiding place everywhere and so do the dead. The ceilings here are as high as a cathedral, strung with spider webs like mosaics, and dripping with cancer. Chemicals as colorful as a stained glass window shimmer in fetid pools on the concrete floor. Small creatures scurry through abandoned offices with the stringy flesh of other small creatures still clinging to their teeth.
And there is always something rotting here- feral cats, stray dogs, and sometimes people like me. The air tastes like old salted meat. But I never see any ghosts.

I didn't meet the night children until I'd been here for some time. I stayed close to where it happened, at first. I felt no need to stray far.
I could have spent a decade in every room. Each one held its secrets. I didn't leave the first floor till I'd savored it. Its death was slower than mine. I gazed at every pockmark in the floor, every crack and chip of paint. I studied broken boards and rusting metal. I admired the decay.
Furtive people passed through nearly every night- homeless people, fugitives and adventurers. The detritus of the city. Sometimes there were pale children like phantoms. I didn't know yet who they were.
In time the second floor also appealed to me. Here some of them slept or hid. If they were drunk or mad they almost seemed to see me. And then they usually fled.
I could have gone on like this for a hundred years. I could have gone on until the building fell. But time changes everything, even the condition of the undead. The night came at last that changed my death for me. It came in the form of a hungry man.
His need couldn't be satisfied by food. He was overfed and fleshy. But he carried a young girl in his arms like a bucket of fried chicken.
And she was scared of something- I could see that clearly. But at first I thought, absurdly, that he was just trying to comfort her. When I saw what he was really doing, I wanted to scream. I wanted to yell loud enough to stop him, loud enough to save her life.
The dead observe every crime, but there's no court where we can testify. I cried out my horror in pointless silence. It did no more than stir some leaves.
She looked up at me as if she could see me, and her eyes contained genuine wonder. She screamed out, piercingly. And then they held nothing at all. She was as unreachable as I was, as silent and as powerless. I hadn't been completely dead until that moment. Now I saw that there was nothing left for me to do here, nothing left for me to do anywhere.
The man buckled his belt and straightened up. He looked around idly, but he didn't see them. Dim shapes were surrounding him and blocking the exit. They'd come down from the upper floors, perhaps disturbed by her cry.
Their faces were pale gray, and their eyes were unblinking. They looked more like ghosts than living people, but they were human enough. They watched him in silence as he looked down at her body. He reached into his pocket and pulled out scissors.
The first one to reach him ripped off half his face.

"Too late," I moaned to them, unheard. "You came to help her too late."
But they ignored my protests, and finished ending him. Then they placed her by the door.
They were always muttering, always whispering. I heard snatches here and there.
"Eat him. Eat both of them. No meat in so long."
One of them shook his head, fiercely. He growled something about the law. I knew he didn't mean any kind of law I had ever heard of before now.
"Leave the dead girl. Take him up to her. She will make him something pretty."
They scooped up what was left of him, and I followed them. Into a colony of nightmares.

The lower floors were empty, or nearly so. I knew some of them already. Dark rooms with office furniture that now served as beds. The desperate men who slept there were huddled silently, too frightened to breathe.
The night children passed them by, uncaring. They had done what they intended. Now they were returning to their secret kingdom with the trophies of war.
I knew we were entering their domain when we passed by their sentries. A living person wouldn't have seen them, but I did. They nodded soundlessly as we passed.

The first room we went by seemed to be some kind of gallery. I could see hundreds of wooden tablets, painted with something I can't describe. I can say that it had eyes, and a beak- but then again, it did not. I know there's no heaven and no hell, or if there is I cannot reach them. But marooned as I am, I started praying, because those tablets were icons. I didn't know what blasphemy they portrayed, but I knew it was the truth.
We passed by the second room. This one was occupied. Someone knelt in there with his head bowed. It looked like he was meditating. He held a small wooden box on his lap, and there was nothing inside it. But I wanted him to close the lid- although there's nothing that can harm me.
And there were rooms I couldn't believe. I can't believe them even now. I think of them as dead dreams, just illusions- but I avoid those rooms. I don't want to know. One of them seemed to have cockroaches the size of a man's arm, the color of an oil slick on water, and there were people feeding them. Another had a row of beds, almost like a dormitory, with babies warped by radiation, or by the poisonous waters. One of them was cased in white, the same color as glue. Another had black, bulging eyes. One had scales. One of them was unable to move, because his arms were too bloated. Red lumps were squirming beneath his skin. He just stared at them with his mouth open. It couldn't have been real; I know it wasn't- or else our world ought to be destroyed.
There were empty rooms too, that seemed to be waiting. We passed them by. They didn't matter. We were going to her shrine.

The walls here were painted with strange symbols- bright, beautiful and poisonous, made from the chemicals that dripped down through the pipes. They shined just a little in the shadow, and I almost thought that I could read them.
The center of the floor was a black gaping mouth, its edges jagged with sharp boards like teeth. It couldn't be very deep, I knew- but it gave the impression of forever. The visible symbol of an abyss without ending. Wherever that abyss really was, it was the center of all holiness.
At the edge of the pit crouched a naked woman. Flies and roaches crawled in and out of her, in her nose and her ears, and from between her perfect legs. Her soft lips were opened, just a little. Her eyes were closed in quiet ecstasy.
The night children were whispering. I heard fragments without meaning. "The Gallery of Glass," they said. "The Nameless Whore."
She opened her eyes. They gave their gifts to her. I saw a strip of skin, a lip, a green handful of stomach lining. She smiled proudly for them, and then looked up suddenly as if she could see me.
She wasn't human. I knew that. She wasn't even alive. But she licked her lips reflexively, as if lust answered everything. Her long, pale fingers made a gesture in the air.
"Sad, dead little phantom," she whispered, "Come to me. Animate this detritus for me. Make it something to be desired."
She gestured at the pile of skin, which lay on the floor in front of her like a mound of dirty clothes. I felt myself compelled to serve her, to serve those whom she served.
Like a draft flowing underneath a windowpane I settled down into the inanimate wreckage. I felt it stir as I sank into it. I felt it fluttering in the air.
"Thank you, phantom," she whispered, "Thank you." She stroked a torn flap of cheek. I wanted to be close to her; I wanted to touch her. I wanted her to give me tasks as if I was alive.
I could feel what this bargain meant. Corruption dripped from her like acid. She understood powerlessness too well, for she had always been a slave. But the pieces of the murderer hovered around her. They would have been motionless without me.
And that alone was a type of salvation.

If there is hope in this world, it is born from mysteries- strange dreams growing and unfolding in all our hidden places. I found a colony of sorts, or else a seedbed in the darkness. And those seeds are already bearing fruit. I serve the Nameless Whore now, and the Gallery of Glass. I cater to the whims of wealthy degenerates from a world beyond the night kingdom, a world no living man could imagine.
Their taste for human perversion is insatiable. These stray bits of flesh have been put to many uses. There are those whose only dream is to wear the skin of a murderer or to drink the stomach lining of a man whose hands have closed around a little girl's neck. There are those whose pleasure is to weave elaborate designs in the air from strands of skin, or to turn a torn piece of lip into a mindless slave devoted to its master's strange delights. These things may be vile, but I do them all willingly. The Nameless Whore has other plans for the night children and their hidden kingdom, plans that will redeem all, avenge all, and give a purpose to my powerless silence.
What kind of world are they giving birth to? What kind of future are they intended to bring forth?
I will give no word of warning. I owe nothing to the living.
If I was brought to life now for a single moment, if there was a medium powerful enough to seduce me from my silence, I would tell her to cherish the power she has gained. The lack of all power brings corruption, and there is no warmth left in me for any living thing. I watch life and death, joy and horror, and for me there is a cold beauty in simply watching. But I am as inhuman now as the most distant galaxy. I can gaze on any atrocity, and feel only wonder. The dead don't have regret. The dead have nothing.

The End
In The Pines

It was a long time before she panicked. The woods were thick, yes, and rather dark, but they could not be endless. She could hear cars on the other side. Somewhere out there, surely no more than a minute or maybe two, there were people and lights and life. She would reach those lights, she would stop a car by putting out her thumb just as she had done so many times already, and she'd be home before Jeffrey got back from work. She'd fix it all, make him his favorite dinner of shepherd's pie and biscuits with southern gravy, and he would never, ever know.
A branch drew blood on her face with an almost personal slap. She felt the warmth of it first, heard the snapping, and only afterward felt the sting. She gave a little cry. Her hand came back with her blood on it, almost black, a thin little river of darkness on her pale white palm.
She stopped for a moment. The branch had hurt, and there were tears in her eyes as she stopped, but she was fascinated by the blood. It really was like a river, turning and forking, and there were tributaries that ran down into branching deltas on the floodplain of her hand.
This was what she deserved. The day was a punishment, a judgment against the bad judgment she had shown. She looked around her, and even though she could still hear the cars, she could see not even a hint of them through the rows of gray trees. Pine trunks surrounded her north and south, east and west. Tiny patches of sunlight filtered down through their bars of sharp, dark green. It was now almost noon.

Her note had said I Hate You. The letters were purple and wide, shaped like tiny bubbles. Designed to be cute, to bring a warm swelling to the heart of the right kind of man, and she had perfected them years ago. The script of a sweet little girl.
She had known it, writing those words. She had known he would read them, and at the sight of the old familiar bubbles his anger would burst. He would think the letter was an apology, a declaration of love, and he would be ready to forgive her and apologize in turn.
But the letters made words. They lined together and formed up into words, and the words made a lie of the script. He would look at her letter, pick up the blue pages from the table, and a smile would form on his face. Until he read it, and then-
I Hate You.

She started to run. She had left around eight. Hitched her way south for a couple of hours, first with a young couple on their way to Nottamun, and then with a trucker. Realized what she needed to do around ten. She would have to turn herself around, walk through the cosmetic patch of trees that separated her from the northbound lane, and hitch another ride home to shred the letter by lunch time. They only kept these thin strands of pine to fool the tourists, to create the impression that there was still nature here, even wilderness- a wide dark forest on every side of them. But she had known better because she lived here. There was no forest on this stretch of the interstate. She'd be home by noon.
And now it was noon. She ran through the trees, and the branches slashed at her face. She would wipe the blood away later. What mattered now was to get to the house before Jeffrey got back home from work. She had plenty of time, hours upon hours of time, and a little martyrdom would do much to cleanse her of guilt. To break the part of her that had wanted him to cry.
Something had to be wrong. The lanes diverged, and there were a few rows of trees in between. But it was nothing like a forest. She couldn't understand why she hadn't reached the north lane a long time ago. She had heard the cars almost from the beginning.
Beer cans clattered at her feet. Someone had camped here, the local kids on a binge, and they had left their beer cans behind. She saw Pabst Blue Ribbon and "Milwaukee's Beast." She kicked them away from her, and sat down.
She must have turned herself the wrong way. The northbound lane was in front of her, the southbound lane was behind her- or so she had thought. Perhaps she had wandered to the left or right. She'd heard of mistakes like that before. The forest led you this way or that; it misguided you. But not with malicious intent. It was only the pattern of the underbrush, restricting your options and leading you astray. It was easy to get lost in the woods.
She listened again for the sound of the cars. If she could follow that sound, whether it came from east or west, she would soon be back on the road. If it was the north road, she could still stick out her thumb. If it was the south road again, she could do the same. Catch a ride to the exit, catch another ride going north, and everything would be fine. Her flight into the woods had been foolish, an act of panic when she thought about those words. It was important not to panic again.

There were few birds in the trees. It was a quiet day, and the shifting of branches in the forest caught her ear. Insects dug in the tree trunks. Worms bored through the ground.
She got to her feet, wiped the dry dirt from her jeans, and looked around at the puzzle that confronted her.
A patch of forest, no more than an acre or so all told. A green roof, made up of thousands of woven needles, and its pillars were thin gray trees. As dark as the night of a green-skied world. Around the edges, the ground was dappled with thin patches of bright light, fewer and paler as the forest stretched away. She could see more clearly now. She had yet to reach the center, the place where the branches in their overflowing eagerness had blotted out the sun.
The place where no sun ever shone.

She walked into it without fear. The forest had no terrors, her nightmares had never included trees. She had woken, many nights, to find that there were bugs in her Jeffrey's hair, busy scorpions that burrowed and made poisonous nests. She had woken to the rustling of thin hairs growing with strange wisdom on fat balls of living flesh. She had woken up to mechanical faces that broke out from his head, faces that turned and stared at her but had no life.
These visions were nothing but senseless dreams, monsters that had followed her out from sleep, and they faded away with her head on his chest and his hand in the waves of her hair. They were meaningless in the end. And so she walked eagerly into the darkness of the trees.
There was nothing haunted about the wood, no ghost or lurking, unseen presence. She would have ignored it if there was. The forest was empty and almost still. She had only to cross this barrier, and she would be through.

The blood had dried now on her hand. It itched a little, and she wiped the flakes of it off on her leg as she walked. It reminded her of her reasons, and that made her sick.
The reasons for her letter. She swallowed heavily to get control of the rising bile.
Her hands had been red that night. Bright red, much redder than now, and he had washed it all away. But she had hated him because he had never shed any of his own. He had never felt the need to. He didn't see the things she saw.

And now her progress was very slow. She stepped over, she ducked under, she pulled the interwoven branches out of the holes they had made in her shirt. She pushed eager boughs aside as if they were other men groping her, trying to touch her.
She could no longer see the sun.
Here the tree branches had woven together, tied themselves around each other like worms in a bucket. Here there was no sunlight, not even a beam of it. There were no birds singing in the heart of this forest, in its silent green night.
It was not a forest. She had to remember that. Even though the branches were now very thick, even though they communed together with a perverse intimacy that seemed not to want her to pass through. This was not a real forest, just a patch of trees.
But she had been lost out here for hours, and it was starting to get cold. She wrapped her arms around her shoulders and stopped moving forward. She had just forced her way through a thick nest of branches, and the pine sap coating her fingers made her think queasily of marinated chicken. There were bits of broken pine branch tangled in her hair. She caught a glimpse of movement from the corner of her eye and shuddered convulsively as she scraped a fat black tick off the sleeve of her jean jacket. It had not yet started to feed.
Well, at least something still lives here, she thought- and then was perplexed by the strange assumption behind that. Of course some things still lived out here. These were only trees. She could still hear the cars on the northbound lane. There was no reason to think anything would avoid this place. Hell, winos probably slept here, on their way to warmer interstates.
But she still couldn't hear any birds.
She had not moved in several minutes. The branches in front of her seemed almost impenetrable, and the branches to either side were stuck together like clasping fingers. She made a half-turn as if to go backwards, but she could no longer tell how she had even come this far.
She had to find her way out. She would find her way out. This was an adventure, a very silly adventure, and when she was home that night (eating shepherd's pie and biscuits) she would laugh for minutes at a time at the memory of her secret. She would laugh, and kiss Jeffrey, and refuse to explain.
She tried to move forward again, but she only got herself more entangled. The branches were woven too tight, and too thick with pitch. 
It was like a spider web.

When she stopped crying and shaking, she considered the situation. The branches weren't spider webs; of course not. She could find her way out.
She stooped low, almost down on her knees, and under the lowest branches. She half-walked and half-crawled, as if she was maneuvering through an underground tunnel nearly choked with fallen masonry. She scraped her face and her arms till they were marked by bloody signatures, but she found her way through to the other side of the branches.
There were still more branches, an entire world of them. And just on the other side of that world, the sound of cars going north, as obvious and unreachable as the moon.

She began to believe, no matter how ridiculous the thought, that she was not going to make it home. The gray chaos of branches made her progress slow, and the smell of the pine was sharp and sweet, cloying as a love letter. But that was not the worst of her problems.
Logic, or what she still knew of it, told her that what she was experiencing was impossible. The north lane should have been reached within minutes; anything else was absurd. People didn't get lost on the highway. People didn't go to sleep and die within hearing distance of a tractor trailer. But the urge to sleep had been born in her, and it was growing. It was late in the fall, the ground had a hardness that was not quite frost, and she knew if she laid down here she might never get up, might never tear up that letter.
This thought alone broke the last of her discipline. These morbid thoughts were nonsense; it was still early afternoon. She wasn't going to freeze to death here in broad daylight. But the thought that she might…
He would believe that she hated him. That she had wanted to hurt him. And that's the last that he would know about her. As if, lying on her deathbed, she had invited him close to her for one final embrace, only to whisper malice in his ear before she left him forever.
She dove at the branches like a horse bursting out of its turnstile. The trees rejected her; they didn't want her among them. But they didn't want her to leave either. They didn't want anything. She crashed into them like a drunk woman.
Her hands were curling up now, in the shape of claws. They ached with a strange, deep ache, like a song half-remembered. A song about pine trees, a song of shivering. She tried to push the grasping arms away from her, but she no longer had any dexterity. Their clinging familiarity was now irrefusable.
She stopped her thrashing and flailing, and peered ahead of her. Was that something stuck up there, between the branches? Despite the lack of sunlight, she glimpsed a lattice of paleness, white and yellow like bonework, like a sculpture of limbs.
She craned her head forward and squinted. It wasn't like bone- it was bone. Its hand stretched upward as if imploring heaven; its face still held dry strips of flesh, as stretched as burnt bacon.
She stared at it in silent shock. And then she started to scream.

There was no one to hear her on the highway. They were all headed north. Perhaps an ear or two caught the notes of her hysteria, floating through their windows over dance music and golden oldies and the motors of their cars. But no one felt compelled to stop; they didn't know she was out there. Lost irretrievably on another world only a few hundred feet away.
"I've been marooned," she thought, and started to giggle. From giggling it was a short step to sick, terrified laughter, but she managed not to take that step, at least not yet.
She was no closer to the road. She could get through the branches, with considerable effort, but it wouldn't matter if she did. It wasn't a question of effort. The road was unreachable.
She wasn't the only one to learn that; she knew that now. These pines swallowed wanderers. Someone else had made it just a little further than she had before giving up. He had surrendered in the end, like a fly in a spider web, but there had been nothing to eat him except the crawling things, and they had done their job imperfectly. She could still see the scraps they had left, clinging to a ruined cheek, a corrupted stretch of arm. She saw squares of red and black that used to be a jacket, and perhaps the remnant of a baseball cap.
But she couldn't give up; there was no question of that. She couldn't do that to Jeffrey. He had tried to save her, and she couldn't blame him. He didn't know that the cutting wasn't the problem, that it wasn't enough to wash the blood away. He didn't understand about the nightmares.
She didn't hate him for that. She could never hate him. It had been a lie; she'd been lashing out. But she'd save him from the consequences of her cruel moment of foolishness. She'd fight her way free of the branches till she reached the interstate. She'd flag down a car or a truck and be home before dinnertime. She'd make shepherd's pie and biscuits. Just as soon as she'd rested.
She leaned back for just a moment against the pine branches, no longer groping her but rather holding her. She closed her eyes, just to get her strength back, and went to sleep in a deep green cold that wasn't personal, that was anything but personal.

The End
The Night Wanderer 
and Other Poems

"Night wandering" is the art of visiting strange other worlds and surreal fairy lands in a dream or a dreamlike state. The concept of night wandering is central to most of my poetry. 
The Night Wanderer

A modernized retelling of the story of True Thomas and the Queen of Elphame. Thomas lies awake with insomnia next to his sleeping wife, obsessed with thoughts of past losses and misdeeds. As he lies awake with these thoughts, his mind splits. While part of him remains in our world staring at the bedroom wall, the other part goes away with the fairy queen to her strange world. The sections in parentheses represent the waking Thomas, and the other sections represent the dreaming Thomas.

1

The long horizon was a dark rose
From the city's light on the low fog.
Too many times, I had seen the blue
Falling-away of the bright dawn. I
Went with you, and you looked in my eyes
And dipped your fingers in the red stream
Where dreams floated on broken shells like
Lizards birthing. And our skiff was light-
Made out of thin glass eggshells, soft like
Skin. "Careful, what lies ahead," you said
"Is cold." I wrapped my arms around me-
You did not. There was a distant look
In your eyes, and your hand on the prow.
In your green gaze, I had seen beauties
That were not human, and in your lips
I had tasted, thick as molasses,
The labyrinth of your history
And the asymmetric songs of your
Strange dances, melancholy and fast.
I had heard broken glass in your laugh,
But the finest glass. You were quiet
Like the muttering wind on a peak,
Like a deep forest of unmarked snow
Whose thick pines have never seen the spring.

2

(Outside, the trees muttered. And birds hopped
From wall to branch. There was a light breeze,
Which stirred the dead leaves. Though none of these
Mere atmospheres were fearful to me,
Yet I remained wide-eyed and staring
At the bare pock-marked wall. And of all
The shadows which rose and fell, and crept
Across my wife where she slept, and all
The tall shapes and all the thin sounds- none
Frightened me, but I was still not well.
Too many times, I had seen brash dreams
Break out of their purple shells and tell
Me nothing, but crawl across my wall.)

3

All citadels were broken there, and
The shoreline was choked with a fine mess
Of dead cities whose great fat old blocks
Stretched down to the red river like dogs
Panting in the heat. There was a thin
Coat of crystal hair along each block,
With swift colors changing like the tide,
Inconstant as snake's eyes, hypnotic
And without meaning. "Pay them no heed."

4

(Outside, the trees still muttered. And my
Hands fluttered like butterflies at a
Window while my eyes stared at the bare
Wall, unable to escape from my
Long awakening. Too many times
I had burned away my memories
With frenetic motion, and drunk from
An ocean of forgetting, rich and
Sweet, with deep waves like burnt caramel
And a dark well of secrets somewhere
With which I had become intimate,
The very worst of which is only
This- that you can forget nothing, that
There is nothing which you can forget.)

5

"Yet you are so quiet," you whispered,
And your wet lips were like two soft birds
While our glass ship drifted on the red
River and the stars looked down at us
In cold submission, patient, alert
For your moment of weakness. I turned,
And heard the roaring of a distant
Sea. You looked at me, and said "This dull
Dark current, thick as with clots, is not
Made red by water. He who would come
Into our pleasant country must come
To it by blood." And you were smiling.

6

(Outside, the leaves muttered. And I
Thought of how I had come to this pass-
Staring at a bare patch while leaves scratched
At the dry glass. There was a time that
I walked through shadows in old walls- paced
Where bridges were cold vultures, and retched
While droplets of water touched my face-
Wet insects erased by my dry flesh.
I could not forget. She was thick like
Bone, like salt crusted on a fish. She
Was deep as thin silver flakes on stone,
And my own dreams draining me of sleep.
She was my history of cloning
Lies from lies. All my bright cruelties
Glinted back at me from her snake's eyes'
Wise irrelevant realities.
And the years passed, and at last I knew
That I would not forget. That in all
This world there is no way to forget.
And your bare patch where the leaves scratch at
The dry glass will be yours to watch. That,
And the blank revolving of the clock,
Till it drives you out to walk, alone,
By the stone arches of an old bridge.)

7

This new horizon was a dark rose
From an unknown light. There was no sun.
And our boat dried, as we came ashore,
To a fine dust. When I touched your hand
There was a softness like white birds' wings
Breaking the wide night into pieces.
And in your wet lips my cup was full
With the water of your bright beauty
Whose cold reaches held such rich secrets,
Born of a blackly golden syrup
Which knew me and destroyed my reason,
Till I shuddered. There was that laugh, like
Broken glass. And so we were lovers.

8

(Inside me, there was a long black patch
Which my mind scratched at, without relief,
In mixed grief and secret pleasure that
I had taken the measure of men
By their fear, that I'd seen clear into
Their hidden weaknesses, and the sad
Emptiness of their hard pretensions.
All but a few, and those are unknown,
Will moan like a scared dog under a
Black boot, will screech like a fat frog in
A snake's mouth for their beautiful lives.
Too many times, I had seen weak men
Lick their dry lips at their new pleasure,
Taking measure of another's fear.
Too many times, I had tried to drink
From the ocean of burnt forgetting,
Thick as caramel, with a dark well
Of secrets with which I had become
Familiar- and the worst of these is
This- that you can forget nothing, that
There is nothing which you can forget.)

9

And so I was wet with the sweat of
Your soft body on the changing sand.
And there were locks of my hair stuck
To my face, and my ribcage heaving.
You were lighter than I would have guessed-
Lighter than a child, pressed against my
Shoulder, with your green gaze shifting. Red
Waves of color, like dark strawberries,
Flowed through your flesh. The sand, which had been
Green as a thick pine which has never
Left the spring, took on that red. I kissed
Your lips. But you were no longer there.
You were staring at a blank space in
The middle distance. Your eyes were sad.

10

(Outside, the trees were silent. No bird
Hopped. There was no hint of a mere breeze
To stir the dead leaves into false life.
Though I had been wide-eyed, and staring
At the bare pock-marked wall, I caught my
Breath. This was the time when hearts preferred
To stop. This was the hour whose juice I'd
Never known. My heart skipped by a beat
In the long dark hour before dawn,
Wet with my own sweat beside my wife.)

11

"Thomas," you said, and a clear bead of
Sweat, warm from our mingled bodies, formed
And ran, a salted perfect river,
To the small of your back. "Thomas," you
Said, "you cannot stay with me." Along
The long horizon, which had turned both
Blue as the dawn and green as the sand
Had been, I heard the shuffle of ten
Thousand feet. I felt their milky gaze.

12

("Wait for it." I said to myself, "Just
Wait for the dawn." The blackest moment
Of the night seeped in. There was a space
Like a gap in a glacier, like the
Endless moment just before a fall.)

13

You rolled on your back, and pulled your dress
Back on. "Thomas," you said, "this is a
Pleasant land, for all who dwell between
The shores of its bloody rivers. And
I brought you to taste, in my salt lips,
The labyrinth of our history
And the asymmetric songs of our
Strange dances, melancholy and fast.
I gave you, thick as molasses, the
Blackly golden syrup of our rich
Secrets till your own heart's cup was full
With the water of our bright beauty.
But you would have died." I felt their eyes,
And I saw the triple death which had
Come on my predecessors- I saw
Their ghost souls like shards of broken glass,
Each one of them smoky and rippled
With her unforgettable soft kiss,
And the slow pain of remembering
Her touch until the end of all worlds.

14

(Now it was here. My heart no longer
Beat. Memories crowded my head like
Blind white moths. There was a chance that I
Would not be floating back across the
Black sea between late night and first light's
Falling-away towards the blue morning.)

15

"Don't be afraid," you said, "They will not
Harm you. Though they might stare with all their
Milky eyes, eager to feed you to
The patient stars, yet I am their queen.
Here is the clear glass apple of the
Void, the endless empty space between
The worlds. Eat it, and drink of that vast
Churning well, that weightless cauldron where
No drop of light can slake the thirst of
Those who use all light like putty in
Creating worlds. You will speak the Truth."

16

I drank the Truth. I tasted Truth like
The juice of the white grape. I found no
Escape from the starscapes which flashed and
Faltered, no escape from the altered
Landscapes, no way to be free of the
Seascapes shifting across my vision
Like thin shimmering mirages, real
And permanent. I was made false by
The surprising revelations flawed new
Equations granted me in the form
Of a storm of all-seeing fierce worms
Of profound understanding. And I
Was staggered. I dropped to my knees. But
There were no knees to be found where there
Was no solid ground for the standing;
And I had no eyes but I cried in
Surprise at my own mouthless fury,
Without hands which were flailing, without
Even an atom, because I had
Spilled over. I wheeled around at the
Sick, thickly liquid sound of my own
Bones splashing on the worms' equations.
"Bring it all to me!" Because now I
Could see, that there was no order, not
A secret order, no plan but I
Could understand its savage rhythm,
Nothing to understand but this- the
Song-rhythm of our memories has
No metronome, it keeps free timing-
And it soars up into the empty
Places, and flows between the spaces
Of its own notes, which are notes of harsh
Joy in a grand precenting, reading
The line in the void between the worlds.
I had been made sick by an excess
Of streetlights reflected on slick wet
Pavement, by beautiful cruelties,
By wise irrelevant snake's eyes and
Their rimed realities, by my own
Desperate suicidal joy. "From this
Night on," you said, "Just tell them the truth."
You brushed the hair from my forgotten
Face, and gave me blood and bones again.
I left. I crossed the red river and
In my new ears, I heard the distant
Roaring of the sea.

17

And I was home.
I heard the leaves mutter, but my hands
No longer fluttered like trapped moths at
My scratched window. And I looked around.
Outside, the trees still shifted in their
Mysterious language. And I thought
Of how I had come to this strange pass-
To be numb, as if I had drunk good
Whisky, from the shapes of scars in glass.
Though I could not forget that she was
Still inside me, like an aftertaste
Of rock salt on a fish- like the bright
Glow of my old cruelties, and my
Nights in the shadow of a dead bridge,
Yet I knew that I was altered, now-
That I belonged to that queen's void well,
Not because I had drunk of its thick
Waters, but because I had lived to
Tell what it held. And I looked at my
Wife where she was lying beside me,
And the rose of that night's light was gone,
And I fell into a sleep with no
Dreaming, a night-wanderer in the
Blue falling-away of the bright dawn.
Prayer for Nothing

I knelt here once and asked with outstretched hands,
For things that don't mean anything at all.
So I will kneel and ask for nothing now.
The things we want are worthless, and the world
Denies them to us to expose the fraud.
I'll praise the mercy of this savage God,
Who forced me to approach Him as I am-
A man with open eyes and empty hands.
Sons of the Crow

And are we not of the sons of the crow,
Who worship a hidden creed?
Or those who seek but do not know,
And hear, but do not heed?

And should I draw the sacred sword
And hold it in my hand,
To bring the fury of the Lord
Through this corrupted land?

Or should I cast the foolish night
Of vengeance to the sun?
Or should I face that deadly light
From which the angels run?

And are we not of the sons of the sky,
Who worship the hidden star?
Or those who neither live nor die
But watch it from afar?

My Heart and I

My heart and I were like a pair of crows
Beneath a quiet sky
Of evening snows.
I tried to sing aloud-
She laughed at me,
And said I was too proud
To ever see.
And though I've held the traces of the light,
I can't forget that night.

My heart and I were like a pair of birds
Of some forgotten kind
That once had words.
I turned and spoke her name.
She flew away,
With words of so much shame
I cannot say.
And though I've tasted seven kinds of fear
It seems I still can hear.

I left my heart at last and walked alone
Where worlds had never spun
Nor stars had shone.
I turned and fiercely cried
She came to me
When I had nearly died
Beside the sea.
She dove into my chest and beat at last.
I broke apart the past.
War

Just war until the end of time,
Until the sun goes out.
There's nothing else I still require.
The night has touched my mouth.
Its lips are soft
And I am now
Both paralyzed with fear,
And shaken by ecstatic glory,
Silent, vast and clear.
The world will end in ice, they say,
Or else perhaps in flame.
The horror and the wonder are the same.
The Desert Spirits

Storm banks in the distance on the Texas panhandle
Like diagonal mushroom clouds
Whose silent lightning carves fresh slices
Out of a flat, gray future.
Across the border, and we're inside them.
The raindrops snap at us
Like falling monsters,
Biting at the windshield
In a suicidal dive.
And the wind whistles like a machine run amok,
And the clock stops,
And we are lost to time.

Pain can always be endured
If there is a voice to give protest.
Out here there are two voices:
And a void on either side.
She pouts, and cocks her head at him,
And says-
"Why, perhaps next summer,
When my dear gollem-mad father
Turns the Earth into a prison for the goblins."
"No, my dear," he says. She hasn't understood.
Pain can always be endured
If there is a voice to give protest,
But what I saw there in front of me
Had no mouth, just smooth skin.

The desert mountains are like great bodies
Pockmarked by scrubs,
Pale and obese in their roadside resting places,
As if we were passing
Through a plague pit
Choked with giants.
There's a void on either side of me,
And an unexpected ache.
I am attached to my head like a balloon on a string.
Hours pass in a ghost phase,
Between sleep and waking.
My eyes squint at the mountains
And they become glass
In atomic heat.
Would you know how to find me here?
Would you trade my hope for new memories?
Because the Mojave is mighty
And I don't want to come home.

Great rocks in the distance like the Gods of Stonehenge,
Standing in a circle with an untold secret,
Weaving out our past years
Among scrub brush and sand.
Canyon Diablo is skull dry,
And I hear things I can't remember.
The spirits of the desert
Will trade bone marrow for wisdom:
Parasites of the empty places,
Sleep and learn, sleep and learn.

I found these voices in the wasteland,
Inside a fluttering darkness,
In all the endless, bright ages
Since I last saw your face.
If I could I would call to you,
I would cut your name through this emptiness,
But I'm trading blood for new memories
And I must meet them alone.

Out here the nighthunters
Have long faces and teeth like canine's.
The windmills on the hilltops
Look like arrows in a dragon's spine.
If you would throw dice
With the desert spirits
You must have skin
That drinks everything,
Ready to cough up a basilisk
Close your eyes,
Cut your mouth,
And sing.

Would you know how to find me here?
Would you trade your bones for new memories?
Because there is nothing around me now
But this bright, empty
Faith:
Stretching out, filling everything
Burning atoms
To angel's wings
Killing hearts
Till they break
And sing
And I don't want to come home.
Long Wet Night

Through the empty streets on a long wet night
Low buildings watch without a light.
Blessed bourbon, gentle cigarettes
Warm sluggish hearts that won't forget,
Unclench cold fingers far too tired to fight.
Along the docks, fat rats like goblins creep.
Old boats all rest in a cool wet bed
And the rain refreshes your aching head
And you think perhaps it is time to go to sleep.

And a breeze blows in from off the bay
Like a long, cold song, while far away
Warm children sleep in soft dry beds
And parents kiss their sleeping heads.
You still remember what she had to say.
Beneath these boats dream galaxies so deep
They've never known the fading light-
Their promise is a long wet night-
And you think perhaps it is time you went to sleep.

By the empty docks on a cold wet night
Low buildings, long-forgotten lights,
Iced bourbon and bright cigarettes
Can't soothe these years that won't forget
Or warm cold fingers far too tired to fight.
Behind your face, old fears like goblins creep.
But once, when she was standing there,
Those eyes, her fingers in your hair-
And you hear her say, "Go home. And go to sleep."
Your Secret History

1
A red petal, placed on the space between
Your breasts, would taste tart as a mulberry
From the salt rhythms of your beating chest.

Pressed up against the soft skin of your wet
Stomach, I have yet to uncover the
Inexpressible redness of your night

Sky; and I have not yet discovered why
There is also a mask-like mystery
Moving between us in your living breath,

Whose eyes are like a glass marble, whose skies
Are speckled with histories of old storms
Like the skies of Jupiter. Like your eyes.

I have not yet uncovered your secret
History. There is a taste to your touch-
You are not quite like grape. There is much more.

2
The clouds wonder. Blue shapes ride the night
Sky. And as you light the holy incense,
Something slowly wanders by. Attracted by

The gleam in your eye or by the lovely
Severity with which you approach your
Task, divine monsters without form dissolve

Into silt at the bottom of your glass.
And after you have offered a prayer to
The wine-god, and born his blood as a mark

Below your lip, and when your skin is flushed
With his internal dancing, and when your
Heart begins to skip; then the silt of those

Divine monsters will drip like candlewax
As you begin your task. But I will be
More silent than the mask.

3
The clouds wonder. Echoes shudder in the
Sky. And in the not-too-distant future,
I might slowly wander by. Drawn closer by

The gleam in your eye or by the lovely
Severity with which you forget the
Past, I might appear in silt to haunt you

Or in the blank lines of a mask. And when
You have offered yourself to the wine-god,
And born his dancing as a mark below

Your chest, I might remind you of the
Red petal that I once placed between your
Breasts. I might remind you of your wet stomach,

And of the redness of your night sky.
But I will not discern these answers. I
Will not discover why.

4
There will be no mask-like mystery
To move between us in your living breath.
And if anything is a glass marble,

That is an eye with nothing left. So your
Skies will retain the mystery of
Old Jupiter's forgotten storms. But as

For my strange disappearance, I will take
On other forms. I couldn't break your code-
I struggled, I fought the watchers of the

Nighttime sun. I unraveled harsh equations,
But the lights went when I'd won. Now I am
Bathed in night's own water, strangely purified, but lost.

I am your intimation of a ghost.
In the Skin of the Moon

I cleansed my blood of hope and fear
And the rain came down
And it was raining shells
And the shells were the bones of the things of the air
And I was lost in the desert
Laughing.
And each broken shell was as white as the sun
There were worms inside
And the worms were cold
And the worms were blind
And they crawled in my ears
And I was
Hopeless
Fearless
Laughing.
And I slept, dead drunk, in the skin of the moon
And I dreamed about you
I was lost in your tongue.
And the cold worms said
"This will never be yours,"
But I was
Hopeless,
Fearless,
Laughing.
As Dreams Die

She wore a necklace of black pearls like tears.
And as the door opened, we cried out in terror.
Something hungry is in the water.
This is a place of death.
"Dreams," she told us,
"Drown their victims before feeding.
The door is open now.
You should go down to the river."
The wind blew pieces off our house,
While birds pecked at the scraps
And dogs chased us, mocking.
Great storms the color of a purple sunset
Destroyed cities in the distance.
"The war is here now,
And there will be no future.
Go down to beg mercy from him,
Although he has none.
Dreams eat their victims slowly. The door is open."
I checked my weapon as the storms came closer.
I would die
As dreams die.
As hard as memories.
Bone Legions

I washed out my eyes of all wrath, and I slept
And my foes rose up
And they were armored in bone
And the bone dripped wax
And the wax was alive
But my eyes were as cold
As tomorrow.
And I knew on that day I would triumph at last
And revenge would be mine
For the breaking of glass
For the wax that they dripped on your eyes
As you slept,
For each grain of white salt on your sorrow.
Priest, Sage or Magician

If you cross the starry river
In the plains of day and night
You will find the priests who live there
And they'll feed you wrong and right.

Though the wrong is sour as poison
And the right is vile and sweet,
In the world of prayer and wisdom
There is nothing else to eat.

So you'll cross the deep blue desert
To the cliffs of saint and sage,
Where they'll fit you for a hair-shirt
And they'll hang you from a cage.

Though you pray until you're witless
You will never pierce the veil.
Once you're whittled down to shavings
They will tell you that you failed.

So your purview isn't wisdom-
There are other ways to be.
Ask the spiders in their burrows.
Ask the water in the sea.

In the ruined walls of Carthage
There's a man who sits alone.
He can tell you what your dream is
From the cracks along a bone.

In the Empty Quarter, keening,
There's a woman, old and blind,
And her milky eyes are staring
Through Saharas of the mind.

They will show you how to do things-
How to rule the wind and storm.
And you'll find yourself a stranger
In the place where you were born.
No Dreams, No Illusions

No dreams
No illusions
We walked down the staircase
In stunned, mute surrender
For what we had seen:
Our cities, like bone-dust
Lay broken around us,
Our eyes weird and sightless
Reflecting cold dreams.
I saw you like this
On the cusp of regretting-
Forgetting to reach me,
Then lost on the edge.
No dreams
No illusions
Like children we stuttered
Though all of this matters
It's not what it seems.
I wanted to reach you
To catch at your fingers
Your face like an ocean
Your cities in flame.
My eyes were unseeing
My vision was elsewhere
No dreams
No illusions
And no one to blame.
You Wouldn't Doubt the Floor

I'll sleep behind a wall tonight
And tell the digging things
How we stole their history.
And I will miss you.
Every moment I miss you.
But that won't keep me from the Mystery.
To find what I'm looking for
You need rage-
You need a furnace, in fact.
You need a ghostlike face.
If a lone doubt survives,
Throw it back-
Throw yourself off a staircase.
De Gustibis Non Disputam

I climbed a staircase to the land of birds
And told them what I'd learned.
They didn't care.
To birds, the world is made of clouds and air.

I dove into the waters of the deep
And sang a poem to sharks.
They swam on by.
I might as well have sung of stars and sky.

I heard the demon's sermon, and his voice
Was thick as dark molasses,
But his creed
Was not convenient to my present need.

So if I haven't walked the darkest paths
Of which my kind is capable
The cause
Is not that I have dearly loved His laws.

When Dreams Demand

When dreams demand surrender
Burn the bridges
Close your eyes.
I'll paint myself
Apocalyptic
Colors
And we'll rise.
The holy war
For human horror
Flowers here in me:
Just try to stop our march
And you will see.
Secrecy and the Straight Razor

Compose yourself. They're closing in.
And when they reach the city,
There might be time for one last prayer.
Will you tell them how the love of God
Is like a straight razor-
Unseen until it ruins you,
Until the light bursts like a bloodletting?
Will you tell them of what you found
Here in this long dream of yours-
Days that left you unbroken
So that the dim hours could have their time with you,
Her eyes runic but still not readable,
And of the deep hurt of understanding?
No. They are almost here. Just compose yourself.
The things that matter most should die most quietly.
Go out and meet them now.
Don't show them anything.
The Three of Us

So it has come to this, at last- I brood,
I chew on the pulp of years for one last drop
Of that sweet liquor that I misconstrued.

Outside, the night is endless. And the cars
Roll on forever. So we sit and think-
The three of us- that's me, your ghost, and drink.

Vast shadows pass across the dark blue sky,
Like crippled spirits falling. And the night,
Prepares itself. It knows you. You will lie-
"Don't be afraid. It's going to be alright."
Lullaby

"Apathy is frozen violence."- Jimmy Boyle

From where I stand, this night contains Forever.
Stretched out like taffy, silent but aware.
I never thought you might contain it. Never.
I hear you whisper, but there's no one there.

If you would know, seek darkness out, and silence.
But I myself might never speak again.
Mute answers find me in my frozen violence-
Perhaps I could adore you. And what then?

Tonight is given to the blank white sorrow,
Expanding from its center, vast and deep.
This horror isn't personal. Tomorrow,
There's work to do, as always. Go to sleep.
Spiritual Materialism

I hungered for the silver light
Of those who walk the moon.
They never showed their wings that night
Or else they came too soon.

I hungered for the sudden tears
That meant the sun was mine.
I waited for a hundred years,
But missed the proper time.

On bended knee I sought the source
Of all that moves above,
And only when I knew remorse
Decided it was love.

Sense of Freedom

The cobalt skies of twilight
Shudder strangely.
Something's coming-
Something old and wild.
We tasted it in sorrow
As we waited,
Light and darkness,
Mixed but reconciled.
Its drunken vastness dwarfs
The lie of reason
Its empty howling dread
Tears dreams apart.
I know this weight
This undiscovered chaos
I know this savage love
That's at its heart.
It breathed the spark of raging life
Inside us.
The universe exploded
With its kiss.
If I could bear that light
That sense of freedom
I'd kneel and honor
Everything that is.
The Well of Imbas

No questions.
No answers.
Open skies so vast
That there is nothing meaningful to say
To such a wide horizon.
So we shrink.
It's hard to wake up
Every day and drink
The ice-cold water
That the muses sing.
The price of love
Is fear and trembling.
Between Earth and Heaven

There's no need to apologize.
We stand
Between the earth and heaven,
And the weight
Of all this light and beauty
Drags us down.
These things are what they are,
And that is all,
And I don't even need to understand.
So don't apologize.
It went as planned.
Pleroma

In Gnostic esotericism, "Pleroma" is a term for a higher level of reality. In this poem, I have borrowed the word as a name for the higher reality of myth and magic, accessible through dream and trance.

1
I've drawn a door with white chalk on the wall,
And knocked three times. I close my eyes and wait.
It almost seems as if they will not come,
But laws are even stricter over there
And all my will is focused on the world
That waits beyond that wall. I hear a creak,
And light and music, ghostly choirs and strings,
And darkly simple drums announce a life
No less corrupt (for all that's here is there)
But closer to the Source of all, and so
More perilous with light and shadow both.
"It's you again," a voice says. "Welcome home.
Pleroma hasn't changed- of course, it has,
For all that is must pass and trade its place
With all that's not- but like the sea, it bides.
Jade towers shine as green as ocean waves
Made dimly golden by the setting sun,
And marbled streets still wind their ancient way
By temples and pavilions, to the hill
Where gleam the palaces of all the gods.
Here mountains shine with snow as white as faith,
While forests brood by root and tangled branch.
Here deserts, just as empty as the sky,
Howl out their wrath in sandstorms to the world,
And every road leads, in the end, to fear.
The kind of fear that purifies. Come in."

2
I bow in honor to my eldritch guide-
A milk-pale, eyeless goblin- and I pass
With reverence and trepidation both
Between the lines of chalk, which fade behind,
To leave me standing on a mountainside
Beside a ruined temple, where the stones
And columns lie as broken as old bones.
Real magic is as bright and clean as this,
And just as simple. If you cannot build
A world of wonder with a piece of chalk,
You'll never conjure it with weighty words
Of ancient wizards either. Now I stand
Below a black and ice-slick wall of rock
Capped white with snow. Below me winds a trail
Through trees and rocks to valleys far beneath.
I know the joy, the freedom, of the way
Of wandering from road to unseen road,
And I could take this path, and never stop,
But always chase that next hill into night.
But no. For in my wandering I've learned,
It doesn't really matter where you are,
And anyway the whole world can be found
Within a single room. I'll stay right here
And find out what this temple has to teach.
Pleroma is a vast- an endless- place,
And if my vanished guide has placed me here,
He must have had his reasons. So I sit.
The wide world fades to nightfall, and the cold
Comes twice as bitter on the heels of night.
I break up branches in a bowl of stone
And build a bright and flickering white flame
To keep me company. And then, a voice-
"Kind traveler, perhaps you'll let a ghost
Who's haunted this old temple for an age,
Sit down beside your fire and bandy words
To pass the winter night." I smile, and nod.
And there, across the firelight, sits a man
Bent double with the weight of countless years
And gnarled and twisted as a hard, old root.
His beard is long and purely white. His eyes
Gleam sharp as two bright shards of glass. He smiles,
With all the kindness of a laughing sage,
And leans upon a bent old stick, as thin
And twisted up as he is. Then he speaks.

3
"My name is He Who Dreams Above the Clouds,
The Wizard of Mons Mystica, the ghost
Of Brokedown Temple, and I'm sure there's more.
It's easy to forget these things, you know.
And who are you?" I laugh, and feed a branch
Into the embers of the fading fire,
Which flares to life. "I scarcely know myself.
I used to think I knew, but that was then,
And time has taught me not to trust such dreams.
I strove for such a long, hard, bitter time
To make my mark, and here I am, unknown,
My work as weightless as a spoken word,
And all my deeds and crimes and blessings too
Perched high above a pit, with just a thread
Between existence and a sudden drop
To true extinction. That is who I am-
A string that strains above a heavy weight,
Doomed soon enough to snap. And then I'll fall."
"I like your sense of humor," he replied,
Though I had not considered this a jest.
"You call yourself a string," he said. "That's great-
As if you came to that much! What a joy.
Old ghosts like me spend centuries alone,
Without a visitor to pass the time
In friendly conversation round a fire.
And those who come are all too often stern
With self-importance in their chosen role
As pseudo-sages. But I like your style,
To come here cracking jokes. You have my thanks."
I cocked an eyebrow at him skeptically,
(My father used to do that, while he lived)
Then burst out laughing. "Fair enough," I said.
"I know too well that what you say is true.
Real sages live in dreams and not the world,
Where all who live are flawed and stained with sin."
At this he laughed so hard I almost feared
He'd disappear from laughing. "You're too much!
The Dreadful Sinner, penitent and dark.
It's true enough, I'll grant you, that you've erred,
And harmed your fellows now and then. But still,
There isn't any need to put on airs.
If everyone's a sinner, who is not?
And anyway, if you should never know
The flawless glory of the ancient Way,
It doesn't really matter much. The stars
Will gleam as coldly though they are not seen,
And every atom of the waking world
Is pregnant with the love of God, my friend,
Regardless of your ignorance. The Earth-
No, all the universe- is one vast light,
A light that doesn't need you to exist,
Or care if you're enlightened. And in truth,
You cannot be enlightened, any more
Than one proud, tiny spark can shine so bright
The sun itself would notice. Just relax!
The perfect freedom of the Way is here,
It's all around you, and this holy hill
Is just an outpost of a joy so huge
It holds no truck with Reason. Shed your fears,
And share a glass of wine with me tonight.
We'll drink to joy and sorrow, hopes and fears,
And all the empty, silent mountain peaks
That live inside you. Though you were in hell,
You'd even learn to bless your prison cell."

4
And with these words the ghost produced a flask
Of purest aqua vitae from his cloak.
Because he was a drinking man, I knew
That I could trust his kindness, so I smiled
And thanked him for his clear and earnest words.
We spent the night as drunk as two old tramps
Passed out along the roadside, and we told
Such jokes and stories that the hills themselves
Were shaken into laughter. When the dawn
Came out to kiss the world, and all the stars
Blinked out before the sunrise, I arose.
The ghost of He Who Dreams Above the Clouds
Had disappeared with dawn, as ghosts will do,
But I was still as drunk as if a dream
Had turned my bones to mist. I saw the world
Laid out before me, and the light of God
Shone out from every mountain, every tree,
Each branch and needle, every rock and root,
As if the One United kissed it all
And kissed my lips as well. And all was blessed
With such a blessing that my beating chest
Seemed fit to burst with happiness. I knew
That there is no enlightenment to find,
When all the world is light (and dark as well!).
And I was filled with such an urge to tell
Of what I'd seen that I could only smile,
Imagining the things the ghost would say
At all my pseudo-sagehood. So I stood
And turned my back, for now, on going home.
Pleroma is a vast (an endless) land,
As filled with wonders as a fruit with juice,
And I would drink it all before I turned
And drew the door to take myself back home.
I set out on the path with all the ease
Of one who knows that there's no need to go,
But loves the going and the staying both
And all things to be found in every day.
I set my steps, with joy, upon the Way.
These Grim Woods

So earthbound spirits learn to live
On passing things-
The fear of cold
The love of comfort
And the toll
Of lost and found.
I counted out the things I've done
In these grim woods-
The things I've seen,
The lives I've lived
And all the faces
I have been.
A stained and melancholy path
Through forests where the
Ancient pines
Look down on us, impassive,
Watchful,
Of our crimes.
And yet I've touched on something more-
A cold, clear note
That comes and goes.
The implication of a song
That no one
Living knows.
We'll hear that note
Just once or twice
But never see the one who sings.
So earthbound spirits learn to live
For worldly things.
Then Go to War

In such a world, then, nothing can be won.
I picked a flower made of blood and glass
And gave it to you with a little smile
That wasn't quite ironic. Let your creed
Be self-denial. Starve yourself until
You're made of dreams so chaste and wild and pale
They need no blood of passion to survive.
Then go to war. And don't come back alive.
Though He Brought the Sun

Though he brought to the sun to the heavens,
Though he fished us out of a cold, cold star
Though he bound the worm to the waters
In a secret war.

Though he split the land from the water,
Though he put each star in its own true place
Though he spared us all from the slaughter
I fear his face.

Down Here

If there's no victory
Then where we stand
Is less important
Than the price we pay
And why we choose to pay it.
All our wars
Come down to this at last,
And all our tears.
There's nothing else to have or hold
Down here.
Thy Will be Done

A breath
Unfolding from the depths
That says
"Thy will be done."
Outside the night is still and cold:
How quiet winter comes.
No fruit in all these Spartan fields-
Just frost and stunted grass.
Uncertain what the dawn will yield
But there's no need to ask.
Cold freedom,
Bright,
And unconstrained.
All's lost,
The race is run.
This joy unfolds
From unknown depths
And says
"Thy will be done."
Why People Don't Cry in Movie Theaters

Solemn children
Playing
Silent
Ghosts that never cry.
Where we live
They take no pity-
Nor can you and I.
Here beasts of prey
Crouch all around,
They're out there in the night.
They'll hear us
If we make a sound
Before the morning light.
So if we sing
We sing in silence,
And our play's the same.
A solemn, quiet,
Watchful, fearful
Patient kind of game.
In such a world as this
We cry
Alone, or not at all.
And only monsters notice if we fall.
From Here to Nowhere

Lost
Somewhere on the road
From here to nowhere:
My life as weightless
As an unborn breath.
My face unknown
My name
My thoughts
Forgotten,
In solitude
And freedom
From the past.
Our life's a constant wounding.
There's its beauty.
Each moment hurts us,
Every breath's a scar.
Don't fall asleep
Don't fight it
Don't escape it-
This jagged, perfect
Song
Is what you are.
Prometheus

This poem was inspired by a scene in "Silverlock" by John Myers Myers, in which the demon Faustopheles asks Silverlock to judge the crime of Prometheus in bringing consciousness to humanity.

"I'm Prometheus," he told me.
"I'm the traitor and the thief."
But his eyes were still defiant
Through his horror and his grief.

Then the eagle stuck its beak in
For the hundred millionth time,
And I watched in guilty wonder.
Was I worthy of his crime?

Have I used the gift he gave me?
Have I kept the embers warm?
Have I fed the god inside me
Striving daily to be born?
The Country of the King

When your faith descends from heaven
When you find you cannot fly
When you lose the strength to bargain
With the powers of the sky,

When the things they keep demanding
Seem impossible and grand
You can come into the country
Of the powers of the land.

They have drunk from deeper waters
And their holiness is dark.
And to them the light is precious,
So they value every spark.

They are not inclined to question
What you've done or where you've been-
Though you've wandered far from wisdom
You can always come again.

There is gold beneath the mountain
There is treasure in the sea,
There's a chalice and a fountain
Granting things that cannot be.

There are palaces and temples
In the cities on the plain
Made of bone as smooth as marble
Where the windows run like rain.

There's a grove of golden peaches,
There are apples, green and red,
There's a hierophant who teaches
From the gospels of the dead.

There are kings and queens, created
To be gods before the Fall-
Though you wandered there for ages
You could never see it all.

And your anguished hope of heaven,
Once a parched and withered thing,
Will be branches red with berries
In the country of the king.

The Weight of Words

The crystal darkness broke apart,
I watched the pieces fall.
To find and fix them takes an art
I don't possess at all.

It comes to this- we'll have to live
Without them for a while.
In love with horror, courting things
That laugh but never smile.

We come to you with broken beaks
And wings like crippled birds.
It's better not to even speak
Than lose the weight of words.

As Footsteps Echo

As footsteps echo, empty chapels
Bathed in light and shade
Send hymns of praise in space and sorrow,
Thanking Him for what He made.
Don't fear because this life is lonely,
Or because the night is long:
God's music is the space for silence
Woven through the song.
Boulders and Distance

Walking alone
Above the tree-line:
Cold, clear mountain air.
Thickets of birch and pine below me,
Boulders and distance
Everywhere.
How could I care about
These struggles,
Here where they can't be seen?
Why would I let
The dust come near me
Now that I'm
Finally clean?
Great Freedom

Great freedom,
Like a land of mountains
Frosted white with clean, bright snow,
Groves of pine as dark as midnight,
Fields of ice that almost glow.
Mottled black and silver birches,
Packs of wolves and
Running stags,
Crying cougars, fierce and
Hungry,
Screaming out from lonesome crags.
Freedom
Pure and unconstricted
Joy so vast and clear and bright
Everything that is, is holy,
Pregnant with an endless light,
Shining with a blinding darkness,
Clear and simple and absurd,
Stored within since God created
Everything with just
A Word.
Possessing Nothing

For my daughters, Leila and Rowan.

Possessing nothing, least of all
This small, new, unlearned life.
I hold your chin against my shoulder.
Outside, all the night
Is turning, changing, gaining color,
As the dawn appears.
I breathe as slowly as the ocean,
Calming all your fears.
Possessing nothing, I am certain
You will not recall
The calm and strength I have to give,
But you can have it all.
The Pharisee

I never wished to love the world,
Nor yet to know the sky.
I waited when the flag unfurled,
And watched its bearer die.

I sat in silence, counting days
Like echoes in the hall.
As many did, I gave him praise
But didn't stop his fall.

He told me he could teach the art
The world was built upon.
And yet, within my secret heart,
I smiled when he was gone.

The Orison of Sorrow

Inspired by K.J. Bishop's "The Etched City".

I opened my hands
In the orison of flowers
Like a sad benediction
From the twilight of faith.
Though an aftertaste lingered
Of coffee and roses
I sought out the crossroads
To uncover my face.
I opened my eyes
In the orison of sorrow
Like a slow, sure prediction
Of the season to come.
I went out past the city
With a handful of roses
And I buried them standing-
I was deaf, blind and dumb.
If I paid what they asked for
And I learned all the answers
I would still be as silent,
As foreign, as cold.
So I stood at the crossroads
And I left empty-handed
By chance uncorrupted-
But suddenly old.
Dead Ecstasies

The wind between the worlds
Has given a cold magic to my blood
Since last we touched.
When I dream of you now,
You are a sky
Whose thick clouds are piled
Up on each other
Like dead ecstasies
After a season
Of unwisdom,
Streaked with black, overripe
And corrupt like all raptures.
It is hard to believe there was
Once innocence here,
And such sweetness.
And, of course, there wasn't.
When I Raise My Hand

When my eyeballs bloom like flowers
And my hands go forth to war,
When the bell that tolls the hours
Cracks and falls and rings no more,

When the oceans turn to deserts
Made of salt as fine as sand
Will you still deny your treasures?
Will you stop and understand?

You can build a cage for tigers
And pretend that they are tame
You can serve the rage of liars
While you glorify the Name,

You can still the tongue that teaches,
You can kill the eyes that see,
And however far my reach is
You can still attempt to flee.

But the sum of all your errors
Will be reckoned in the score,
And you'll pay the price in terror
When my heart goes forth to war.

Nightstorm

In the blank places
There is only fear.
Here the birds are like gods,
And they hover
Over us in a divine panic,
Black wings beating the air
Like a nightstorm on
A blue background.
Do not be curious
And do not follow us.
Though her hand fell
From your own at last
Like a forgotten
Promise, do not learn
Our language.
Vision is a flat white screen
On which horrors are
Projected, and our
Magic is evil.
Stormrider

A poem written in memory of my father David Douglas Thompson, who passed away in 2006 while competing in the Sunfish World Championships.

1

You cast a heavy shadow. Years will pass
Yet none who knew will ever lose the sight
Of one bright, piercing eye. You walked the world
In such a wild and vivid way, your mark
As potent as a rune on all you touched.
The rider of a winter storm, the wolf
Of wind and water and the wizard-king
Of salt and spray, an alchemist of song,
Who turned the darkness seen at Jacob's Pond
To fearsome music, and the saddest plans
The gods prepared for madmen into notes
Of such weird beauty that they seem to ring
Between the moments of this floating life
In haunted echoes. Not for you the pale,
Transparent destinies of modern man:
The doubts, the smallness and the final fall
From very little into not at all.
Your failures and your victories were large.
In everything you did you waged a long,
Determined bout with heaven, till the dawn
Lit both of you to laughter. Now you're gone.
An old, unbeaten rebel, taken back
To somewhere far away, beyond our dreams.
But every now and then it almost seems
That I can hear your voice. And what it says
Is, "Hold the course. The fight is far from done."

2

So, Captain, what is next? Do ghosts advise?
I've waged a war myself, these many years.
And yet, before you left us, you'd been cleansed
And purified by suffering so harsh
It almost broke you, into something new-
A calmer man, if never quite content.
You spent your last year pondering the past,
The things that made you and the things you made.
With pipe in mouth you watched the seasons change
While, flickering behind your eyes, the tales
Of lore and legend leaped like dancing sparks.
You loved to tell those stories! And, in all,
You featured as the hero. But your voice
Wove such a spell of magic round the words
That legend came to life for us. And now,
Tall tales and all, you've fallen into sleep.
I never wept except for that first night.
It didn't seem correct, somehow. I knew
You left this world as you'd have wanted to,
The ocean wind behind you and the spray
Blown cold against your face, the dark green sea
In all its ancient fury close beside,
And one task only- race, and try to win.
You didn't quite have long enough. But then,
There's no one here who does or ever will.
And every day your shadow knows me still.

3

Yes, I was scared of you. That's true enough.
You had a madness deep behind your eyes,
That blazed sometimes, and kindled, deep in me,
A madness of my own. Your legacy
Is complicated and its roots are dim,
And knotted up as tight as tangled hair.
I look back on these deeds of mine and find
Much sorrow and my own dark share of shame,
And here and there a little quiet pride.
Were you the same? And did you face the night
With sick self-loathing for the things you'd done,
Or did you never dare to hear that voice?
It's not my wish to judge you. All your life
You struggled with the darkness, as have I.
I know the language of the night too well
To fail to recognize its mark in you,
And recognition is forgiveness. Still,
My task, I think, is this- to give my sons
The best of you and leave those things behind
That harmed us both. In this, I'll honor you.

4

Good blades will bend, yet still come back to true,
And hold the keenest edge. To forge a sword,
White heat is needed. So you forged my life,
And poured your lore into the blue-black steel
Of what I am. Now, dip me in a stream
And leaves will part against my sharpened edge.
God willing, my own children will be blades
As sharp as I am, but will have the skill
Of teaching leaves to turn aside, unharmed.
I'll hold the ground you conquered and move on
To claim new lands as well. I owe you that.
You climbed up from the pit to make a life
Worth singing of, a story to be told.
And if I tell of darkness with the light,
My Captain, please remember, Truth is One
And undivided and I cannot sing
A portion of the truth; there's no such thing.

5

So here I stand before the salt-blue sea,
My eyes averted from the open sky.
The breeze is cold, and breakers crash and roar,
While birds cry lonely omens. Here it comes.
I face the task you faced with me, and hope
That I'm equipped to do it. But I know
The hawk-like strength of all our kin is mine,
And all that's left is just to face my task
With bold, high spirit and with love's command.
And I will tell my children, so they'll know-
Their father's father was the kind of man
Who comes into this world, not every day
But once in many years. A wolf of wind
And ocean wave, a wizard of the sea,
An alchemist of music and a man
Who fought and didn't cease his fight until
The ocean waves closed over, cold and still.
And I will tell them also, what is true-
The core of what they see in me is you.
The Flowers of Evil
A selection of translations from Baudelaire's classic collection of decadent poetry

To the Reader

Stupidity and error, lies and vice-
They hold the reins and lead you on your course.
How tenderly you cultivate remorse!
A beggar nourishing his favorite lice.

Steeped in your evils, to the priest you run.
A tawdry, ostentatious public show,
Then back to business. All the while you know,
No tears can cleanse the things that you have done.

A three-faced Devil, from his bed of ill
Enchants your soul and lulls you into rest.
He'll use his cunning as an alchemist
To vaporize the metal of your will.

Satan himself has come to be your guide!
His awful trophies meet you on the way.
They stink of Hell, and murder and decay-
Despite the stench, you pass unhorrified.

A bored old playboy, chewing on the breast
Of some defeated whore, as if to tease
One final drop of joy- but though you squeeze,
This fruit is dry, however hard you press.

Mad throngs of drunken demons crowd your brain,
Ecstatic, fearful. And with every breath
The poisonous vapors of your future death
Fill up your lungs, and course through all your veins.

If rape and poison, knives and raging fires
Do not embellish your pathetic fate
The boring canvas of the life you hate-
You lack the courage for your true desires.

This world's a zoo of jackals, panthers, lice,
A den of scorpions, of apes and worms,
Of monstrous things that grovel, grunt and squirm.
Yet in this damned menagerie of vice,

There's one more ugly than the vilest crime-
A quiet foe- he'd never make a scene,
And yet he'd ruin all the world in dream-
He'd swallow up the Earth to pass the time.

In opium dreams he sleeps, and breeds all sin.
His name is Boredom, and you know him well.
You know him reader, gentle king of Hell,
Hypocrite reader, you- my brother- my twin!
The Sick Muse

Poor muse of mine, what's wrong with you? The trace
Of nightmare haunts you. Evil visions churn
Behind your hollow eyes. And in your face-
Madness and horror, cold and taciturn.

The succubus and goblin, green and red,
Have overturned the pot of love and fear
And drowned you with it. And an awful dread,
Tyrannical and potent, holds you near.

I wish your Christian blood could find the clean
And healthy rhythm of a different dream-
The ancient poetry. I wish your heart

Could beat in time with that forgotten art,
Regaining health and beauty in the land
Of great Apollo and the mighty Pan.
The Evil Monk

The ancient monasteries once displayed
The truths of Scripture on their mighty walls
In pleasing colors mixed with light and shade
To warm the austere coldness of their halls.

Then Christ burned bright in every human heart
And many a noble monk, now quite unknown,
Glorified Death with unaffected art
Along those high, dark walls of heavy stone.

My soul's a crypt, where, evil cenobite,
I've paced forever in a private night
From wall to wall- and every wall is bare.

Oh, lazy monk, when will I understand
How to create the labor of my hands
Out of the spectacle of my long despair?
You, Whom I Worship…

You, whom I worship as the vault of night,
Oh vase of sorrow, quiet in your might,
I only love you more when you refuse
To gratify my lusts- as if you'd use
That coldness to increase, in irony,
The space between the wide, blue skies and me.

I'll come to the attack, I'll press my case,
Like maggots swarming on a corpse's face,
And when you show that coldness I adore,
Implacable, cruel beast, I'll love you more!
Carrion

My love, do you recall that thing we found,
Cast-off beside the road? The summer skies
Were blue and clear that morning. On the ground,
We saw a lonely carcass, clothed in flies.

Its legs were spread as wide as if, in lust,
It wanted us to join it in the grass.
Its limbs were caked in filth and roadside dust,
Its belly bloated, slick, and round with gas.

A cynical and nonchalant display!
The sun, to roast the carcass brown and gold
Burned oven-hot, as if to make it pay
Its debt to Mother Earth a hundred-fold.

The heavens watched this splendid carcass rot,
Then open up, just like a rose in bloom.
And as we gazed upon the corpse you thought
You'd pass out from this flower's rank perfume.

Around that putrid carrion, the flies
Buzzed hungrily, excited by the smell.
And hordes of newborn maggots seemed to rise
And flow out slowly like a thick, black gel.

It rose and fell like waves. It seemed to writhe
And twitch a bit. You almost could have said
The filthy thing was once again alive
In all the multiplying life it fed.

This eerie world had music of its own:
A quiet humming, like a distant breeze,
Like water flowing over roots and stone,
Like branches whispering, or dry old leaves.

Before our eyes its features, growing faint,
Receded like a dream- and left behind
Bone white as canvas that the artist paints
Without a model, solely from his mind.

Behind the rocks nearby, a dog looked on
With drooping tongue and hungry, anxious eye,
Impatient to recover, once we'd gone,
The tasty morsel he had left nearby.

To think that you yourself will be this blight,
This thing of rot and horror and infection-
Star of my eyes, my spirit's own true light,
My one beloved and angelic passion!

Yes, even you will come to this at last,
Oh queen of grace. When everything is said
You'll go to feed the flowers and the grass
And slowly rot among the ancient dead.

So tell them! Tell the worms when you arrive,
Before they start to feed, that here above
I've always kept your perfect faith alive-
The essence of my decomposing love.
De Profundis Clamavi

Reach out in pity, only one, my dear,
And warm the gulf in which my heart's entombed-
A lead-horizoned universe of gloom,
A place of blasphemy and endless fear.

For half the year, the frozen sun is seen,
And for the other half, the land is dark.
The polar realm is not a waste so stark-
No beast, no stream, no forest, nothing green!

No horror in existence could surpass
This frozen cruelty, the sun of ice,
Or months of night like Chaos come at last.

I envy every tiny, mindless beast
That spends these months of dark and cold asleep,
So slow does time pass in this frozen deep!
Remorse of the Dead

My dusky beauty, someday you shall lie
Beneath a heavy monument of stone
Cast out from every door, to sleep alone
Where water drips, beneath an empty sky.

And when the stone upon your quailing breast
And supple body with its careless charms,
Makes still your heart and presses down your arms
And forces you, at last, to lie at rest,

The tomb, a confidant of all my dreams,
(The tomb will always be the poet's friend)
On long, dark nights that never seem to end,

Will say, "Imperfect courtesan! It seems
You should have asked yourself why dead men weep!"
Then, like remorse, the worm will start to eat.
The Possessed

The sun is wrapped in crepe today. Like him,
Oh moon of mine! In shadows dim as this,
Smoke quietly or sleep; be still or grim,
Or plunge headfirst through Boredom's dark abyss.

And that is how I love you! Or, instead,
You may, like some emerging half-lit star,
Step out among the folly and the dread
To show us what a pretty knife you are.

Shine brightly, then! Like candles wreathed in flame.
Or flaunt yourself for peasants. It's the same-
In every form you take, you bring me bliss.

With morbid night or sad, red dawn above you,
My shaking body, every time we kiss,
Declares the truth: "Dear Beelzebub, I love you!"
The Revenant

A savage angel, violent-eyed,
I'll soon rejoin you at your side.
I'll creep discreetly into sight
Among the shadows of the night.

Dark beauty, I shall give you soon,
Caresses colder than the moon,
And kisses like a graveyard snake,
Until the dawn. When you awake

Beneath a cold and livid sky
You'll shiver all alone, for I
Shall not return till night appears.

Another lover, soft and kind,
Might earn your heart, but you will find
That I intend to rule by fear.
Sepultura

One night, perhaps, some Christian soul
For pity's sake will find a place
Behind some ruin for a hole
In which to put that lovely face.

Each night the chaste, white stars will set.
They'll close their eyes as if to rest.
It's then the spider weaves his net,
It's then the viper makes her nest.

You'll lie awake in bitter cold
And hear, above your evil head,
The cries of wolves that seem to grieve,

The moans of witches, starved and old,
The creaking of the pervert's bed,
The black conspiracies of thieves.
The Gladly Dead

I'd like to find a spot to sleep alone-
Soil thick with crawling snails, both rich and dark,
A place where I could stretch these tired old bones,
And sleep as empty-eyed as any shark.

I hate last testaments and pious words.
Before I'd ask the world to mourn my death
I'd sooner call a flock of hungry birds
To pick me clean before my final breath.

Oh worms! My black companions, deaf and blind,
The children of decay- in peace of mind,
I'll come to you, philosophers of dread,

To ask you as you take your guiltless meal-
Is there more torment that I still must feel
In this old ruin, dead among the dead?
The Cask of Hate

The Danaids drink Hate- they yearn for it,
And Vengeance, though her arms are strong and red
In vain attempts to fill the yawning pit
With pails of blood and tears from all the dead.

Some fiend digs secret holes in this abyss-
It never fills, however much she pours.
Not even if she somehow brought to life
These empty corpses to be drained once more.

Hate spends each night pressed up against the bar,
And every swallow nourishes his thirst.
To slay this hydra only makes it worse.

But drunks, in fact, are happier by far,
For Hatred is condemned to be unable
Ever to fall asleep beneath the table.
Spleen

I have more memories than if I had lived a thousand years.

A bureau crammed with papers, souvenirs,
Love letters, poems, old bills and legal briefs
And locks of hair wrapped up in old receipts
Would harbor fewer secrets than my mind-
That pyramid, that crypt of ancient times,
Which holds more corpses than a family tomb.

I am a graveyard hated by the moon,
Where, like remorse, long worms prefer the flesh
Of every person that I loved the best.
I am a boudoir full of dusty clothes,
And scattered petals from a faded rose,
Where only pale pastels and yellow prints
Still hold a touch of some forgotten scent.

No year could match the length of limping days
Beneath the winter sun's distorted rays.
Ennui, the fruit of endless apathy,
Takes on the shape of immortality.

Oh living matter, you shall be, from here,
No more than stone wrapped up in nameless fear,
Abandoned in the hazy desert sun
An ancient sphinx unknown by anyone,
Unmarked on any map, condemned to sing
With vicious humor- a forgotten king.
The Clock

The clock! An evil god, impassive, dark,
Points constantly and hisses "Don't forget!
Your hearts will be destroyed by sorrows yet,
They'll plant themselves like arrows in their mark.

Your pleasures will evaporate like mist
Or float away like sylphs in tiny flight,
While every instant takes another bite
From your allotted share of joy and bliss.

Thirty-six hundred times an hour, it speaks.
It whispers "Don't forget!" It has a way
Of chirping, like a bug, "I'm Yesterday!
I've sucked your life out with my filthy beak!"

"Remember! Souviens! Esto Memor!"
(My metal throat speaks every human tongue.)
"Each moment, foolish mortal, must be wrung
Until it yields an ounce of golden ore!"

"Remember, Time's a gambler without flaw,
Who always wins and never has to cheat.
The night advances and the day retreats,
The Pit is always thirsty; that's the law."

It won't be long until immortal Fate,
Or Virtue, your unconsummated wife,
Or Guilt (your final resting place in life!)
Will say to you "Die, coward! It's too late!"
To a Passer-By

The roaring city screamed around me then.
In noble, sad and mournful majesty,
A woman passed. With gentle dignity
She lifted up her dress's silken hem.

Her leg was like a statue, white and still.
But as for me, as if I were insane,
I swallowed, from her eyes, the hurricane-
The calms that beckon and the joys that kill.

A light… and then the night! Oh, fugitive!
I lived again, that day you glanced at me.
Now are you lost in all eternity?

Some distant day, we'll meet… but maybe not!
For you were strange to me, and I to you.
We could have loved! And worst of all, you knew!
Destruction

The Demon is always with me. Like the air,
He fills my world. I'm wreathed in him like fire.
I try to breathe and suddenly he's there-
A constant rage of unfulfilled desire.

He knows my love of Art, and takes the shape
Of female beauty to confuse my soul.
With specious words he says there's no escape,
And leads me to accept his vile control.

He leads me far from God. I walk alone,
Exhausted, broken, to a place unknown-
The plains of Boredom, lonely and profound.

He throws Confusion's dust into my eyes
And then with dirty rags and open wounds
He clothes me in Destruction's red disguise.
Meditation

Be wise, my pain, and let your worries cease.
You asked for Night- it came- the Night is here.
It offers pain to some- to others, peace;
And swallows us in somber atmosphere.

While all the swarms of vile humanity
Cringe underneath the lash of Lust's command
And ponder guilt in foul servility,
Let's flee from here, my pain- I'll take your hand.

Let's run away. See all the years gone by
In faded garments, how they crowd the sky,
And surge up from the ocean of our Guilt.

The sun is sleeping underneath an arch.
And, softly trailing like a bolt of silk,
My darling, listen to the soft night march.
About C.S. Thompson

CS Thompson is the author of A Season of Strange Dreams, a novel featuring Noctiviganti, which was described by author John Grant as "An astonishing tour de force of noir fantasy, characterized by some of the most beautifully lyrical, atmospheric writing I've come across in a long while. Chris Thompson skilfully blends the mean streets with the streets of dreams in this highly evocative concoction, offering the reader bafflement, dazzlement, gritty hard-boiled realism, wonder and astonishment in turn – but always delight. A Season of Strange Dreams will remain in your mind long after you've turned the final page." 

CS Thompson is also the author of a poetry collection (The Night Wanderer), a new translation of Baudelaire's classic Flowers of Evil, and several works on the use of the Highland broadsword and other weapons, including Highland Broadsword, Highland Knife-Fighting and Highland Martial Culture. He is the President of the Cateran Society, an organization devoted to researching and practicing the historic Gaelic martial arts. 
Other Books by C.S. Thompson

A God Who Makes Fire: Bardic Mysticism of Amergin
Between Somewhere and Nowhere: Essays on Myth, Magic and Religion
Broadsword Academy
By Nature Denied
Games Dead People Play
Highland Broadsword: Lessons, Drills and Practices
Highland Martial Culture: The Fighting Heritage of Scotland
Highland Knife Fighting With the Dirk and Sgian
I Remember Nothing
Suicide King
The Flowers of Evil: Selected Translations From Baudelaire
The Illuminatus Device
The Music of His Sword: Martial Arts of the Pagan Celts
The Night Wanderer and Other Poems

A Season Of Strange Dreams (Noctiviganti, #1)
And Then the Night (Noctiviganti, #2)
City of Constant Silence (Noctiviganti, #3)
For Now We Wait (Noctiviganti, #4)
Tree of a Thousand Eyes (Noctiviganti, #5)
River of Doorways (Noctiviganti, #6)
Last Days of the Night Kingdom (Noctiviganti, #7)
Connect With CS Thompson

Blogs:

http://noctiviganti.wordpress.com/
http://cateransociety.wordpress.com/
http://nightwandering.wordpress.com/
http://alienationorsolidarity.wordpress.com/
http://shrineofbriga.wordpress.com/

E-mail: gilbride100@hotmail.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/christopher.s.thompson.543
