
WE ARE THE END
Dext of the Dead – Book Five
By
Steve Kuhn

“Fans of The Walking Dead are going to love this series. The characters are realistic and witty, the dialogue is great and the writing is quickly paced. The series should do well. Recommended.” 
~ Weston Kincade, author of A Life of Death

- BOOKS of the DEAD -

Smashwords Edition


LOVE READING?
Sign up for BOOK-ie and find the best deals.
It's free!


This book is a work of fiction. All characters, events, dialog, and situations in this book are fictitious and any resemblance to real people or events is purely coincidental.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner without written permission except in the case of reprinted excerpts for the purpose of reviews.

WE ARE THE END

BOOKS of the DEAD

Copyright 2014 by Steve Kuhn

Edited by Wake Editing
Cover Design by Small Dog Design

For more information, contact: Besthorror@gmail.com
Visit us at: Booksofthedeadpress.com


Read All 5 Books In Steve Kuhn’s Amazing 
Apocalyptic Series Dext Of The Dead: 
WE ARE THE PLAGUE
WE ARE THE INFECTED
WE ARE THE ENTOMBED
WE ARE THE EXTINCTION
WE ARE THE END


Entry 141

I’m shaking so badly that I can barely write. I don’t wanna do this anymore. I don’t want this kind of life. I don’t even know if I want life at all anymore. The only thing I know for sure is that I don’t want to become one of them.
This morning I looked around. I mean, I really took a minute to just look… and think. Seth and Nick were made for this life. They took pleasure in the bloodshed. Well, Seth did anyway. Nick was way more levelheaded, but still, both of them were suited for this. Take right now for example. They’re out in the street with Kylee stripping all the corpses of ammo and usable weapons. To me that was always a mundane and sad task to undertake—not those two, though. They’re out there crackin’ ‘yo’ mama’ jokes, and I just watched Seth punch Nick squarely in the balls while wearing a metal gauntlet. I don’t know. Maybe that was just the way they coped with shit—same as me writing all of it down.
Kylee’s seemed fine of late. Her already short fuse has gotten shorter every day, but been more or less the same. Her hair’s grown into stubble, and with her dead eye, she started looking more killer. She acquired more than one bite scar and even more scars on her heart. She was betrayed by her own father, lost her husband, lost her eye, lost her baby, found her husband, realized she didn’t really love him, and on and on and on. The world had thrown so much at her, yet she still adapted and carried on. She made adjustments, both physically and mentally, that most of us just couldn’t seem to make. She wasn’t made for this life, but she could sure as shit handle whatever was thrown at her. 
Chalmers spent his entire career living lies that he told for other people. His heart was in the right place, but his head was up his ass. I don’t know if he’s cut out for life on the road. I do know that at least he’s been trying to make a change. He’s been trying to do what’s right and make up for the stuff he’s done and said in the past. That’s gotta count for something, right?
Earlier, I watched Cutty and Boyd packing up D-Prime. Boyd was supposed to be in with us just long enough to get to Vegas. We were just supposed to be returning a favor, because that was the civil thing to do. In the short time I’d known him, he’d been nothing but solid. The kid was a beast—sharp wit, deadly aim, and I honestly grew to find his stutter endearing. In my opinion it’s been one of his greatest assets, because people underestimate immediately when they hear him speak. Truth be told… we need a guy like Boyd around, especially after today. Nothing will ever be the same.
After picking through the bodies, we started the trip back to the South Strip with heavy hearts. D-Prime lumbered down the street with Cutty at the helm and the rest of us sitting atop the trailer, trying to enjoy the cool, morning air before things heated up. We left the carnage of yesterday behind us and began chatting idly amongst ourselves, trying to make sense of what happened. Seth told us that it would be best if we let him and Nick do the talking when we got back. There was no way I was gonna argue with that. Regardless of having to break the news to Gino and Fat Tony, we were excited to get back to some sort of population. Unfortunately for everyone, though, the peaceful morning was about to shatter.
Ever on watch, Boyd spotted the first few stragglers and called out, “Heads up. I d-don’t remember p-passing them on the way up here.”
We took a look for ourselves as Cutty slowed the truck down considerably. About fifty yards ahead, there were four bernies shuffling up the strip together in a tight pack. Seth pounded on the top of the cab, and Cutty took the hint, stopping D-Prime completely.
Nick explained, “We gotta take ’em out. They shouldn’t be here in the first place. Can’t have them changing course and making it down to the others.”
Boyd shrugged and took aim. Seth, once again wearing his ridiculous, medieval gauntlets, smirked and put his hand on Boyd’s shoulder. The weight of the metal glove caused Boyd’s shoulder to dip, and he missed his first shot. He glared at Seth for fuckin’ him up and said, “D-don’t f-f-fuck with me when I’m shootin’, okay?”
Seth backed up and apologized with a sincere smile. “Ma bad, man. Leave me one, though. I wanna try these out.”
Boyd said nothing as he fired three shots downrange in quick succession. Three of the four bernies dropped with surgical precision. The final one, still on its feet, picked up the pace of its staggering and began to approach us with arms outstretched.
Nick bet Seth with, “I’ll give you twenty if you can drop him with one punch.”
With a cocky pose, Seth remarked, “You’re on. What happens if I lose?”
Nick thought about it for a moment before telling him, “You get to tell Gino what happened yesterday on your own.”
Seth nodded and half jogged to meet the snarling corpse and swung his right arm heavily. The gauntlet weighed quite a bit, so it looked like he was fighting in slow motion… like trying to punch someone underwater. He connected solid as fuck, though, and the bernie fell over immediately. Seth stood above it and put his foot on its chest, raising his hands above his head like an old-school boxing champ. I could see that the bernie’s entire bottom jaw had torn from its place and now hung uselessly by threads of sinew and torn flesh. Nick told him, laughing, “You hit like a girl! No chips for you!”
Kylee scoffed and quipped at Nick, “Wanna see how hard girls can hit, Nick?”
He blushed slightly, realizing his mistake, and offered an apology. “Umm… shit… sorry… No thanks, ma’am.” He bowed dramatically.
Cutty called out, “A’ight. Dat’s good, y’all. Finish dat shit, and le’s go!”
Seth brought his boot down hard and squished the bernie’s head like an overripe melon before jogging the few yards back to the truck. After we dispatched a second, slightly larger pack of the dead, Nick began to worry. He told us nervously, “This is too many. They shouldn’t be here. We really gotta step it up and get back now.”
Boyd and Chalmers poked at the downed corpses and inspected them more closely. Chalmers added, “Blood. This is fresh. They’ve been eating.”
Approaching the Southern Strip territory was like getting punched in the stomach. It was completely overrun. Bernies were scattered all over the streets, milling around aimlessly, while others were in small groups voraciously eating the former residents. They held various limbs in their hands and tore stringy bits of bloody flesh from them, chewing like sloppy children. Having pulled most of their security detail off of the entrance to handle the NGC, the strip was left exposed to this massive herd. They must’ve been taken by surprise. No one could’ve expected this many to come upon them so quickly.
Cutty stopped D-Prime and dismounted while Boyd screwed the noise suppressor on his pistol, swapping out his ammo as well. Taking steady aim once again, Boyd dropped two of the dead that had noticed us in the street.
We gathered together and checked our gear briefly. We’d have to be as quiet as possible, or they’d surely attack en masse. If that were to happen, we were all dead. Nick drew his kukri, and Cutty unsheathed his trusty machetes, one in each hand. Boyd was using his silenced setup, as mentioned—crowbar for me, baseball bat for Kylee, and a broken piece of fencing shaped into a spear for Chalmers. That left Seth. We all stared at him blankly as he obliviously sized up the twenty-plus dead ahead of us in the streets. Finally catching his attention, he said to us, “What? I’m good,” as he clanged his two metal gauntlets together. 
I shrugged. “Whatever works for ya, dude.”
Kylee spoke the obvious, saying, “All right. We go quickly and quietly. Find Don and Lilly… and anyone else who might be around. We’ll fall back to the north after we figure out where all the survivors are hiding.”
Chalmers asked Nick, “You guys know a back way into your casino. I’ll assume Gino, Lilly, and the others are probably holed up in there.”
Nick nodded, pointing slightly to his left, and said, “Double doors in the alley. It takes you right into the bar by the casino floor. We can take the stairs across from the craps tables to the rooms.”
Cutty told him, “Dat’s whassup. Y’all hold the alley and keep da bernies from gettin’ to those doors.” He pointed to Chalmers and me. “Y’all come wit’ me to the doors, and we gon’ get da floor clear. Heard?”
Nods from everyone.
We snaked our way along the fronts of the buildings to the alleyway and broke left, leaving Boyd, Seth, Nick, and Kylee crouched at its mouth on guard detail. The dead were everywhere. The entire strip stunk of decay, and the air was filled with flies. Birds circled overhead in a huge, black cloud, awaiting their turn to feed.
We hit the double doors and made ready. The very moment Cutty swung them open, we were bombarded with the growls and wails of the dead. The entire casino floor was crowded with them. Chalmers wretched, gagging at the sight of Gino’s skeletal remains lying in a pool of jellied blood and surrounded by the feasting dead.
We heard our li’l Lilly scream for help from across the room, though I had to strain my eyes to see her. Over my shoulder I heard gunfire in the streets, but the alleyway held.
Cutty entered the room and slashed into two of them, brutally decapitating one altogether. The other fell with a huge split down the center of its head. Cutty shouted to Lilly, “Hang on, baby girl!”
Lilly was on the opposite side of the room, trapped. She had somehow managed to climb up onto the bar and then onto a giant liquor shelf that hung behind it. She cried out, “Help me! I don’t have any bullets left! Don’t let them get me!”
The dead at the bar were nearly seven deep and lined all along its length. They reached and clawed at her, leaving her shivering and alone mere inches from their grasp. There were just so many of them—well over fifty… it had to be. She was just frozen there, screaming, and none of us knew how long she had been there, left to sit, petrified, waiting for help that might not even show up. 
I swung my crowbar into a group on the casino floor that had finally noticed us. Thanks to Chalmers’ stepping up to help, we were able to down four, but they just kept coming. Cutty swung wildly at anything within arm’s reach, but he was getting swamped. He just pressed on and on, further into the group, leaving a trail of limbs and blood behind him.
We tried to hold the position in the doorway, but all I could focus on was Lilly’s screams. They just… kept… coming…
I lost count as the floor piled with bodies.
I heard Cutty shout to her, “Throw the bottles, Lilly! Throw all of ’em! I’m comin’, baby girl!”
She complied and began throwing the liquor bottles at the dead below her. They shattered, littering the floor with glass and soaking everything as they crashed open. Her crying never stopped. “Hurry, guys. Please,” she pleaded.
Cutty roared as he shrugged off one that grasped his arm, then kicked it into some others. As he reached back to swing down and finish it, two of them latched onto his blade, pulling his arm unnaturally backwards. He shrieked in pain as the teeth tore into his flesh, spraying bright-red blood into the air.
My heart dropped into my stomach.
He growled angrily and dropped both of his machetes. Grabbing the two by their stringy hair, he smashed their heads together so hard that his hands touched. 
Lilly cried out, “No, Cutty!”
He called back to her, “It ain’t nothin’, baby girl! I gotchu!” Then he shouted over his shoulder to Chalmers and me, “Don’t y’all dare come in hurr. You hold dat fuckin’ door, ya heard?” 
He charged into the alcohol-soaked crowd of the dead at the bar, bowling most of them over. One of the ones that had fallen to the floor grabbed him and tore into his calf, tearing away a huge chunk of flesh. He cried out in pain and stomped on its head, exploding it instantly. He snapped at Lilly, “Jump to me, baby! I’ma catch ya, I promise.”
Another bite into his thigh shot a searing roar into the air as Lilly hesitated. He begged her, “C’mon, baby girl! Trust ol’ Cutty. I won’t drop you!”
She did it. She let herself go from the shelf and landed in Cutty’s arms. The dead snapped at her, but Cutty put his forearm right into their mouths to block Lilly. He growled at them, saying, “Dat all you got, nigga? Dat all you got?”
He hoisted Lilly above his head and began slogging through the mass of biting dead towards us. They began tearing at his flesh as tears streamed down his face and Lilly cried hysterically with fear and panic. The dead ripped at his ribs, tearing his old tee shirt and soaking it with his blood. He kept pushing through, paying attention only to keeping Lilly safe above the crowd.
With his last ounce of strength, he made it to within eight feet of us. He heaved a mighty shout and threw Lilly to me and Chalmers. She landed heavily, knocking Chalmers to the ground. He scrambled to his feet and scooped her up, disappearing through the double doors into the alleyway.
The frenzy surrounding Cutty built to a crescendo, and I was left all but alone by the dead as they homed in on him, taking bite after bite. He looked me right in the eyes through tears. I’ll never forget that look of sorrow and pain. It seared itself into my brain forever.
He told me through his teeth, now red with his own blood, “Gimme it, Dext. Just gimme it, man.”
I reached into my pocket and pulled out my Zippo. I tossed it to him and said the only thing I could think to say… “Shouldah niggas.”
He smiled through his pain, still shrugging off the biting dead, and said, “See you on the otha side, ma nigga. I luh y’all!”
With that, he flicked the lighter to life and ignited the alcohol. The room burst into flames, the heat washing over me as if to cleanse me of my sins, and sent me falling back out of the doorway into the alley. His screams faded quickly.
I…
We won’t be able to bury Cutty. He burned up like the rest of the dead. That hurts more than anything else in the world to me. I’m going to miss Cutty the most. This one… hurts. More than any of the others, this one hurts. He lived and died as most heroes do, caring for others more than himself. He taught me so much about being human and about not judging others at a glance. He taught me that I can fit in and that family matters more than anything in the world—not just your blood, but those friends that you would call family.
I never thought I would be able to sacrifice myself… my life… for another person who wasn’t my blood relation. Shit, man, there were even some blood relatives I wouldn’t do that shit for. Cutty was the best man I ever knew—my best friend. He was my brother… my muthafuckin’ shouldah nigga.
Rest in peace, Cutty. I hope you were right about God and heaven. If you were, then I have no doubt you’re sittin’ next to Him right now, chillin’. No one else deserves to be right more than you…


Entry 142

Two days—no pen to paper, just us.
We knew we were going to have to go back on the road eventually. That much had been true since we arrived in Vegas. I, myself, figured Boyd would make his home on the South Strip and find work with Gino. Also, I figured Seth and Nick would wave us a good-bye and watch D-Prime disappear into the sunset.
None of that would come to pass.
Seth, Nick, and Boyd found Don locked inside the building where Lilly had received her medical attention during our first night on the strip. He was pinned down in there with the doctor and seven of the dead. He, too, had run out of ammo defending the strip and retreated indoors. With the help of the doc, they managed to kill the bernies, but the doc was bitten. I don’t know exactly what happened, but I heard that Don tried a transfusion of his blood with the doc to try and save him. It failed, and the doc turned immediately. Don handled it swiftly and competently. He emerged onto the street when the gunfire started up again.
Seth tossed him a pistol during the fight, and they covered our exit from the alleyway. During that whole mess, probably when Cutty tossed Lilly to me and Chalmers, a few of her stitches tore open. She seeped blood from the wound for the first day, and we were worried about infection—not so much now, thankfully, because Don had the presence of mind to fill his pockets with meds and shit from the doc’s building. She seems okay physically, but she’s a fucking mess emotionally. We all are.
As we held off the dead on the street and boarded D-Prime, Kylee snapped at me, “We gotta wait for Cutty. Hold this position.”
Holding a still hysterical Lilly in my arms, I just shook my head and lifted her into the trailer. Kylee turned chalk white. She said, “I’ll go in after him then. We can’t just leave him.”
I shouted at her, “Do you think I would just fucking leave him? Do you really think I’d just retreat to save my own ass? He’s dead Kylee! Cutty is fuckin’ dead, and there ain’t shit you or anyone else can do about that!”
She stood like a stone statue as the others blasted away at the approaching horde.
I wish I could have broken the news to her properly, ya know? Sat her down and braced her for it or something…
There was just no time. There’s never enough time anymore. The clock is ticking for the entire world, and the bell tolls for each and every one of us.
We pulled back up the strip to the NGC aftermath and parked D-Prime across the road to block the way in case any of the dead wandered that way overnight. There we set up camp in the restaurant again and spent the night. 
Don asked Boyd over a dinner of spaghetti we scavenged from the pantry, “I guess you and the other two guys are gonna try and make it work up on this end of the strip then?”
Boyd shrugged, passing some stale-ass bread to Seth, and answered, “M-my plans have ch-ch-changed.”
Lilly asked him coldly, “You think you’re gonna stay with us?”
Boyd smiled at her in an effort to show he wasn’t shaken. “No one can s-s-survive out there alone, L-Lilly.”
She frowned deeply. “No one survives with us either.”
Kylee chimed in with a motherly tone, saying, “Enough of that talk, Lilly. Eat your dinner.”
Lilly picked at her plate a bit and told no one in particular, “It hurts to eat, and my stitches are itchy.”
Nick dipped his head to look under her chin and told her, “Kylee’s right, kid. You gotta keep your strength up if you’re gonna get better. Just do the best you can.”
Lilly scowled at him and said angrily, “Don’t call me ‘kid.’ I hate when people call me ‘kid.’ I’m big now. I’m the same as you.”
Nick held out his hands to try and calm her down and told her, “Okay. Okay. I’m sorry. It’s just that everyone here cares about you. We worry about you. I didn’t mean anything by it.”
She changed the subject. “Cutty—He saved me.”
The room fell silent, and everyone stared at their food quietly.
Lilly continued, “He saved me, and he died. I wish I was dead…”
Kylee snapped again, “Lilly, I said that’s enough!”
Lilly’s face deteriorated into a grimace, and she started crying a soft and squeaky cry.
Don put a hand on Kylee’s arm to get her attention before gesturing for her to ease up a little bit.
I lost my temper—not at Lilly, not at Kylee. Shit, I don’t even know why I lost my temper. I just felt this fire in my belly start to burn. The more the conversation went on, the hotter it got. Then my arms tingled, and my legs got all twitchy. I stood up and threw my plate across the room, and it shattered into a thousand pieces, flinging food everywhere. All of them flinched at the crash and stared at me. I felt like I was on trial even though no one said a word.
“Everybody shut up! Just shut the fuck up about it!”
I went on a complete and utter spree of destruction. I whipped my arm across the table and wiped everyone’s food to the floor before flipping it completely. They all sat back in their seats, but didn’t move as I lost my shit on the room. I was blind with rage, punching holes in the drywall, kicking chairs—just total annihilation. My peripheral vision was blacked out, and I was in a tunnel of hatred and sorrow that in hindsight seems futile, but I didn’t care.
Next thing I knew, Seth was up on his feet. I shot him a look, almost daring him to try and stop me. I honestly think I could have taken anyone on at that point, even Cutty himself.
He just smirked at me—Seth’s signature smirk. It was a ‘fuck yeah’ kind of smirk. He gave me a slight nod to continue before he reached for his own chair and broke it into pieces by slamming it on the floor. 
In seconds Don, too, was in on it. He picked up one of the other tables and tossed it like a toy into the soft-drink machine across the room, exploding both. Then Boyd high-fived Nick, and they both simultaneously dropkicked this huge, wooden Indian carving. It toppled over into a rack full of glasses with an enormous crash. It didn’t take long before every single one of us was tearing the place to shreds.
I don’t know how long it lasted. I lost myself in it. When we finished, though, we were all winded and panting heavily. We stood there in a semi-circle, looking from one person to the other. Kylee and Lilly stood there across from me. Lilly was still clutching the table leg she had been using to beat shit up. Both had tears streaming down their faces. That was when I noticed my face was soaking wet as well. 
No words were needed. Lilly let the table leg fall to the floor and reached out for me. I picked her up without a moment’s hesitation and hugged her tightly; her stubbly, shaven head matching Kylee’s scratched my cheek a bit as she pressed into me and sobbed. Kylee joined us.
We were the ones that knew Cutty the best. The others simply looked on. When we were through, we sat on the floor together, all eight of us.
We woke up the next morning in the exact same positions. Seth and Nick were already checking gear and cleaning weapons. I nodded my thanks to Seth as he passed me my pistol and a cigarette. My gun was freshly oiled and fully loaded once again, but I cringed when I reached into my pocket for my Zippo. Seth held up a hand and lit my smoke for me. He asked me, “You holdin’ up all right?”
I shook my head and said, “No, but thanks for askin’.”
He shrugged as he went back to cleaning another rifle and told me, “Look, man… shit’s fucked up—all of it—but I think last night was a good thing. You gotta rage sometimes, let it out. I understand. If you need some time… Nick and I can handle the heavy lifting for a bit. We can hold our own… You’ll see.” 
Boyd sat in the only surviving chair in front of the window, ever on watch. I saw him cock his head in our direction to listen, but he said nothing.
Nick agreed with Seth, adding, “I ain’t never been one for coddling and caring and sharing our feelings and all that bullshit, but this is different. And Seth’s right. We got you.”
I shook their hands and once again nodded my thanks before turning to ask Don and Chalmers, “What do you guys think?”
Kylee answered for them. “Nellis.”
Chalmers asked her, “Think we can pull it off?”
She glared with her good eye and answered him confidently, saying, “Don’t care. I’ll go alone if I have to.”
Don told her, “You won’t have to go alone. I’m in. And no… it’s not because I’m trying to ‘protect you’ or whatever. I go where you go from here on out. Got it?”
Chalmers added, “Same. We need to find out what’s going on out there—on the military and civilian end of things, that is.”
Kylee called over her shoulder to Boyd, “What about you?”
He never took his eyes off his scope. He simply raised his hand in the air and gave a thumbs-up.
Seth click-clacked the action on the rifle as he finished its cleaning and stood up, passing the weapon to Kylee. “We didn’t just shine this shit up for nothin’…”
Kylee smiled and said, “Good. Thank you.” Then she asked Lilly, “Ready, Lil?”
Lilly walked over to the pile of shit that Seth and Nick were working on and sifted through it briefly. She found her pistol and without a word began pressing some loose rounds into the magazine. She struggled, just barely, to press in the final bullet before slamming the magazine into place and clicking the release with her thumb…
Schick!
The round chambered as the slide shot forward. She carefully pressed the safety on as JC had instructed her and placed the weapon into the oversized holster on her hip. “Now I’m ready.”
Off to Nellis…


Entry 143

Cutty was still weighing heavily on my mind. I dunno if I was moping around too much or if my short temper was pissing people off—probably both. Regardless, as soon as we took a piss break, Kylee approached me and pulled me off to the side of the street under the cover of an old sign for a one-on-one.
She stood there with her hand on her hip, eyeing me up as if she was looking for a chink in my virtual armor. “You gotta stop,” she finally said firmly.
I played dumb and simply asked her, “Stop what?”
She frowned at me disgustedly and answered with, “This attitude you’ve had since Cutty… you know…”
I don’t remember if I said anything specifically, but I do remember sighing heavily. I knew I was busted. She continued, “It’s affecting the others. We can’t be tiptoeing around you, walking on eggshells because you might flip shit. And that crap you pulled with Lilly this morning almost got you fucked up.”
Shit. I had nearly forgotten about that.
Lilly had been trying to work on her reading during our downtime, if that’s what you wanna call it, and everyone had been keen to help her out as she thumbed through the odd magazine lying around the trailer. Anyway, she came over to me this morning and plopped down with one. I ignored her—not because I felt like being a dick, mind you. I just didn’t wanna do anything at the time. I’d been replaying the scenes with Cutty, our escape, and the trashing of the restaurant over and over in my head. I was exhausted, both physically and mentally. I snapped at her when she asked me to help her. I remember saying, “Goddammit, Lilly! Not now! Take your little ass over to Chalmers or somethin’…” I could feel the eyes on me.
She frowned at me and teared up before walking away. She didn’t cry, though, nor did she say anything. I felt shitty about that, but I definitely didn’t need Kylee up my ass about it, either.
Kylee stayed on me, though, saying, “If you don’t fuckin’ snap out of it, and do it soon, this group is going to turn on you. Don’t think for a second that you can give up on them… on me… just because Cutty is gone.”
I stared at her. She was right.
She finished with, “Sack the fuck up, Dext. Be a man.” Then she spun on her heels and left with a huff. I felt ill over it.
We were just about to shove off, with only a few more miles between us and Nellis, when a strange voice called out, “Oi! Hands where we can see ’em, lads!”
No one bothered. In fact, Don already had his pistol drawn and had taken aim on the two men approaching us. 
The street was devoid of life, save for the two men making contact with us. The midday sun sat high in the air, hot as hell, and the air was dry and stale. There were shops on either side of the road, but they had already been heavily looted. The glass was broken out of most of the windows, and the ground was littered with trash and the black-grey ash of long-dead fires.
A large, somewhat portly man with red hair and a giant, red beard glared down the barrel of his rifle at us. His buddy, a middle-aged man with the ragged clothes and the scraggly facial hair of a survivor, flanked him. He, too, had his sidearm pointed our way.
The big dude demanded again in a thick, Scottish accent, “I needa see yer hands, aye? Do it now.”
Unfortunately, my pistol was tucked into my belt, and drawing it now would surely get me shot. The others were also caught largely unaware. We complied, but Don kept his aim on the big man. Don told him, “Negative.”
The big man laughed boisterously. It was a loud and confident laugh, one that implied he wasn’t the least bit afraid. Lucky for us, we knew something he didn’t…
He told Don, “I cannie tell a lie, lad… I take no pleasure in killin’, but I’ll do what I must fer me kin. Now, be a good laddie and don’t be riskin’ yer hide. Even if ya manage ta put one in me, me mate here’ll surely cut ya down.”
Don gestured to the man’s companion, nodding towards the man’s chest, and said, “I wouldn’t count on that, pal.”
The red dot on the man’s chest wavered slightly as Boyd stood from his prone position atop D-Prime, ever on watch. His laser sight was trained on the man’s heart. I didn’t think it was possible, but old red beard’s face got even paler than it had already been.
He tried to laugh it off, lowering his weapon just a bit, and said, “Aye, aye… never can be too careful these days. Well played. Let’s start again, shall we? How about we all lower our guns and have a shake instead?”
There was a tense moment of silence as we all gave the offer some thought. It was Seth who finally spoke up and told the men, “Sure.”
He approached the man slowly, with his hand outstretched, and offered the man a handshake. Red beard lowered his weapon completely now and returned the gesture heartily. “Well met, me boy!”
He tilted his head at his friend as if to say ‘put it down,’ and the man shrugged as he holstered his pistol. Seth shook the other man’s hand and told them both, “We’re from Vegas. You?”
Red beard nodded and replied, “We’re local. Though, me accent belies the fact, I’m sure. We got a camp ta the north with about twenty or so—all good folk. We were tryin’ ta find some antibiotics. Bad case o’ the shits runnin’ through everyone. It’s causin’ a problem with dehydration and all that. You have anything yer willin’ ta trade?”
He craned his neck to peek into the trailer, and no doubt saw our stock. He shifted his eyes from the trailer to his friend, so Chalmers and I took a slight step right to shield the view inside.
Seth nodded in the affirmative, saying, “Yeah, yeah, man. We got you all day long.”
Kylee’s eyes boggled when she heard this, and I could tell her blood was about to boil. I could hear her now in my head, saying, “Just who the fuck does he think he is, negotiating with our shit?” or something to that effect.
Seth opened his arms wide and pointed to one of the shops on his left. He told red beard, “Let’s get off the street and figure out a deal. Don’t be needin’ to draw any more attention to ourselves out here in the middle of the road, right?”
Red beard nodded and smiled a pleasant, gap-toothed grin at Seth. The two men turned their backs to lead the way into the shop when both Seth and Nick suddenly drew their pistols.
Pop! 
Pop!
Red beard and his companion collapsed face-first in a heap, blood seeping from neat entry wounds just behind their ears.
Lilly rushed in without a word and began casually looting their bodies. As she quietly emptied their pockets, she spread the contents in organized piles beside her.
Nick told Seth, “Fuckin’ took ya long enough, dude. I thought you were actually gonna trade.”
Seth winked at him and said coolly, “Oscar winnin’ performance right there, brother!”
Chalmers asked them both, “Whatcha do that for?”
Nick shrugged and told him, “Those two were full of shit. They were gonna kill us all as soon as they got the chance, provided they got what they needed.”
Chalmers looked incredulous. “You just murdered them? Just like that? You can’t know what they were gonna do, not for sure!”
Seth smirked and said, “Fuck outta here, man. I could see it in his eyes. It was us or them.”
Chalmers just shook his head.
Nick explained, “Seth’s right, though. I saw it, too. You don’t spend as much time as we did at the poker tables in Vegas without knowing how to spot a liar, even the good ones, and these two weren’t that good.”
Lilly popped up from her task and carried the stuff from the dead men to the trailer, where she climbed in and began putting it the proper places.
Don looked up at Boyd and told him, “Thanks for that, Boyd, regardless.”
Boyd waved him off like it was no big deal.
Don told us that he wanted to go over some tactical stuff during the last few miles to Nellis. He’s more than qualified, so I’m looking forward to hearing what he has to say. 
I’ll also apologize to Lilly. I’m such a dick.


Entry 144

Don was preparing his lesson plan before we were to begin the meeting. He and Kylee could be seen whispering in hushed tones behind the trailer. I guess they were comparing notes or whatever. They smiled at one another from time to time as they mimed attacks and defenses, switching off with one another to act as bernies and shit. They were super focused, so I didn’t mess with them. Chalmers kept his ears pointed their way while avoiding Seth and Nick. I think he was still a little pissed over the shooting earlier this morning. 
Nick and Seth spent their time doing what Nick and Seth do. They busted each other’s balls like Cutty and Junior used to do. They crack me up, man. It’s like they’re always trying to find the most disgusting things to call each other. Nick currently holds my personal favorite with “dildo-nosed cockmaster,” and Seth is running a close second with “ball-tasting rhino-twat.” Try explaining what a dildo is to a curious child.
I opted to distract Lilly by ignoring her question and, instead, offering her that apology. I told her that I was just out of it this morning when I shooed her away, that I didn’t mean to hurt her feelings.
She waved to Boyd on top of D-Prime, and he smiled at her, ever on watch. Then she asked me, “Bad dreams, huh?”
It was weird that she knew that. I did, in fact, have a bad dream the night before—a couple of them actually; though, they all sort of ran together. I asked her how she knew, and she told me, “I seen you floppin’ around in your sleep. I don’t sleep much either. What was it about?”
I hesitated. Truth is I didn’t really wanna talk about it. It had nothing to do with the fact that it was Lilly, but more just that I didn’t even have it all sorted in my own head. She pressed me, though. I swear she learned that shit from Kylee. It’s like, as soon as I start thinking quietly about something, she’s on me to spit it out verbally. Lilly’s better at it, though, because she smiles cutely and almost sings the words, “Come on… you know you wanna…” We all know how Kylee would do it—hand on her hip, ass jutted out to one side, head cocked slightly like, ‘Hurry up, asshole. Time is money.’
I chuckled at her and took a long pause to formulate the thought, distracted by the sight of her stitches. They would probably be okay to come out in a few more days. Her hair was gettin’ fuzzy, too. 
She scared me sometimes—not scared of her, but scared for her. She was only warm with us, with our crew. It was like the rest of the world, dead or alive, was the enemy. She was right to a degree, but it still scared me that she’d never be able to get too connected to someone. She always had it in the back of her mind that anyone could go at any time and probably in a violent manner. She lost that glow when JC died. I watched the light in her eyes fade the moment she pulled the trigger. Damn.
But, what the hell, right? 
I told her that it started way back at the school with Gary’s brother, Alex. I was there all over again. I could smell the smoke and the charred flesh… the dead. I was right back there on the steps, holding onto his hand when they pulled him away from me. I heard his scream trail off as he started gagging on his own blood, and then I was lying on the ground, staring at the night sky on the other side of the railing. When I stood up to begin running, the surroundings had changed completely. 
It was daytime. I was with Kylee and Wyatt at the lake house, and we were practicing how to clear rooms, moving through the house. I heard Hope crying at the end of the hall. The hall was strangely long, though—a hundred yards or more.
I rushed past Kylee and Wyatt and sprinted down the hall, crashing through the door. As soon as the door opened, the crying turned into the sound of Kate singing sweetly to Hope. She was sitting on the bed, cradling the baby in her arms. I approached her and placed my hand on her shoulder. She looked up at me, and I gasped at the sight of her. Kate’s face was speckled with blood—pale, save for the powder burns from the gunshot that peppered it.
I tumbled backwards out of the room, leaving them where they were, and found myself on the soft grass next to the manor at the Haven. The sun burned my eyes until the shadow of a man blocked it out. He held out a hand to help me up, and I took it; though, I’m not sure why. 
I strained my eyes to adjust them and recognized Junior as I made it to my feet. He stood there, smiling at me, with a big, old, fat cheek full of that nasty-ass tobacco he used to chew on. He gazed out ahead of us, squinting his own eyes in the sun, and said, “Yup, city boy… We sure made a mess of things, ain’t we?”
His belly was still blown wide open, and pieces of intestines and organs hung loosely from the wound. 
I turned away. 
“Sum bitch… Ain’t seen Cutty in a while. How’s ma favorite spook been doin’, anyway?”
“Cutty’s dead, Junior.”
He spat brown liquid on the grass at his feet.
“Damn shame ’bout that, Dext. I liked him. He wasn’t like you, boy. Yer as useless as tits on a bull.”
I nodded.
He turned and walked towards the manor.
My teeth clicked.
I turned to see Kylee standing there. She was dressed in a bridesmaid’s dress and looked stunning, all cleaned up. Her hair was long and twisted up into this fancy-braid situation. Her eyes were sharp and unmarked. She pointed over to the church, but said nothing. Trey and Rebecca were exiting through the huge, wooden doors, holding hands and smiling as the crowd of nameless spectators tossed rice into the air around them. They were headed to the limo that awaited them.
I squinted to refocus in the sunlight, and the scene melted away. It was replaced by darkness. The rice had become flies buzzing around them, and the crowd became the dead, no longer cheering, but moaning and clawing at them as they struggled to reach the limo… except the limo was now just our ragged, old jeep. Their smiles disappeared with them as they faded into the crowd.
I turned away.
The trees whizzed past me in a blur, and I realized I was running at full speed through the woods. I could hear them growling behind me, close, but I didn’t dare turn to look. My side ached, and it burned. Shit, everything burned—my legs, my eyes. I must have had a fever or something.
Kept runnin’.
The growls subsided, and it was quiet again. I looked down at the pain in my side, and I saw the bite mark, same place as JC’s.
I fell to my knees and looked up at the sky.
A tiny, childlike hand gripped the pistol and pressed it to my head.
A flash and it all went dark.
I opened my eyes again, and Wyatt stood there with his shaggy hair and his awkward, teenage features. He smiled and flipped his hair out of his eyes. “Jesus, Dext. You look like shit, man.”
I nodded.
“I did good, didn’t I? Kylee and Rebecca made it outta there all right?”
“Yeah, Wyatt. You did real good. You saved them.”
“I knew it! I knew they’d be all right! That’s all that mattered to me. Just like Cutty said, take care of our family. That’s what I did, right, Dext? I took care of our family.”
I smiled at him. I didn’t have the heart to tell him about Rebecca. I didn’t want to take anything away.
He pointed off to his right, and I followed it with my eyes, but nothing was there—just the road, long and gray.
I started walking, but my left leg didn’t seem to want to work. It felt like it was asleep, numb. I just drug it along the best I could. My mouth tasted horrible, and the air was rank with smell of the dead—more flies, all around me. I kept walking, dragging my leg behind me.
I saw a table set in the middle of the road, like at a restaurant. It was full of the finest food and drink: red wine, roast beef, suckling pig, the works. I slumped into the single seat and started chowing down, stuffing my face. I was so hungry.
So hungry.
Cutty’s voice called to me over the clacking of dishes and my own greedy slurps and chewing. He sounded disgusted. He barked at me, “Look at ya’self, nigga, lookin’ like a damn Fool. You ain’t no runna, Dext. You ain’t no shouldah nigga. Get up, dammit! Get up!”
I looked back down at the table, but it was gone. There was a body there, torn to pieces, bloodied, and gnawed on. My hands were covered in gore, and I spat out what was in my mouth. It was a finger and some of my teeth. The sound of dishes clacking together was actually bones cracking and cartilage tearing from joints as I fed myself.
Kate knelt next to me, no longer holding the baby. She sobbed quietly to herself. 
I wasn’t hungry anymore. 
She looked to me and said, “We’ve lost Hope, Dext.”
And that was it.
I woke up.
Lilly stared at me. She had listened intently, patiently, as I recalled the dream. When I was finished, she crinkled her little button nose in thought, pausing slightly as she reflected on it. 
I was so eager to hear the pure and unadulterated thoughts of a child her age, without the judgment or arrogance of an adult. 
She rose to her feet and said, “Damn, Dext. That’s fucked up.” Then she skipped off to see Boyd.
I should’ve known better…


Entry 145

Nellis.
What happened at Nellis—rather, what we heard at Nellis, cost a man his life. I’ll do my best to relay the dialogue as I remember it so that you can fully understand the impact it had on all of us. More importantly, I will relay the facts so history can accurately reflect the monster behind the plague—a monster who, even more than the dead, must be eliminated by any means necessary.
Now… I can tell you about how we had to clear the airfield of countless geeks, most still wearing their uniforms, and I can tell you about Don’s genius in the area of tactical planning. I can tell you about how we had Boyd on long cover along with Kylee, who with Boyd’s guidance was getting damn near as deadly as she used to be, and I can tell you that the rest of us fought our way, in a tight, L-shaped formation to reduce the danger off crossfire injuries, across the open tarmacs and fields of solar arrays that power the vacant base to this day.
But I’m not going to.
It’s not important. 
We blew through hundreds of rounds of ammunition, possibly half of our entire stock, but we made it to the tower. That’s all that matters up to this point. We made it. There’s a part of me that wishes we hadn’t. 
Fuck, I don’t even really know how to format this thing so it makes sense as you read the exchanges. Whatever, though. I’m not writing this shit for your Goddamn entertainment. Frankly, if you ever find yourself amused at the shit in this little record of our personal hell, you can go fuck yourself. We’re living it, not you—most of us, anyway.
The control room was pretty much as you’d expect it to be. You’ve seen an air-traffic-control tower, and you’ve seen enough movies to know that there were computers, and blinking lights, and all manner of technical fuckery going on in the place. Sure, we made it to a place where communications may have been possible, but at that moment we found ourselves staring blankly at it all.
I thought we’d be able to just pick up a little microphone thingy, push the button, and start talking to whoever was out there to hear us. That was a stupid assumption. I know that now. So, spare me your eye rolls. None of us knew anything about how to use the equipment, except Boyd. Boyd knew.
He calmly sat in the office chair and fired up the computer system. That shit took forever to boot up. Chalmers asked him, “You know what to do?”
Boyd smiled, satisfied with himself, and told him, “I.T. I was in I.T. b-b-before all this. If the s-s-security on these machines is anything l-like I r-r-remember, we’ll be up in a f-f-few minutes.”
He cracked his knuckles and began click-clacking away. 
Understand that what was scrolling on the screen looked nothing like the computer stuff you and I are used to—no little windows popping up and no pretty colors, no drop down boxes or any of that shit. It was just green text flying around fast as hell. 
Boyd asked us over his shoulder, “Bragg, r-right?”
Chalmers said anxiously, “Yeah, Fort Bragg.”
Look, I don’t have a damn clue what Boyd was doing. All I know is that in about fifteen minutes, the com speakers crackled to life. He passed this little microphone job to Chalmers and said, “G-give it a g-go.”
[Static]
Chalmers: This is Staff Sergeant Chalmers of the United States Army. Over. Repeat, this is Staff Sergeant Daniel M. Chalmers of the United States Army. Is anyone there? Over.
[Crackling]
Unknown: Hello?
We cheered. I remember that distinctly. It was a nervous cheering, but a celebration just the same.
Chalmers: You can hear us!
Unknown: Copy. Loud and clear, Staff Sergeant. This is West Coast Command. We got you on the heads-up display. Just speak freely and ignore the etiquette. We can see when you release the mic. Go ahead. 
Chalmers: Listen very closely to what I’m about to tell you. There is a man named Colonel Lang who is in command of the Contain and Conquer operations for the United States Army. We have information, as well as concrete evidence, that this man is to be considered a domestic terrorist and is, in part, responsible for the outbreak itself. He must be relieved of his command and placed under arrest immediately. If you are capable of disseminating this information to all field commanders under his banner, you are to do so immediately. 
Unknown: Copy. Hold the line.
[Inaudible scuffling]
We waited there, biting our nails, for what seemed like hours. It was probably only five minutes or so. That was almost too long. Doesn’t seem like much now, but if you just sit there in silence and watch a clock for five minutes, you’ll get a feel for what I mean. It was torture.
[A different voice, still unknown]
Unknown 2: Repeat your last, soldier.
Chalmers repeated his words regarding the colonel and was met with a chuckle on the other end of the line.
Unknown 2: Staff Sergeant Chalmers… Chalmers, Chalmers, Chalmers.
I scanned the room with my eyes. Chalmers, Kylee, and Don turned chalk white. I knew in an instant who was on the other end of that line.
Col. Lang: I gotta tell ya, Chalmers, I didn’t believe it when they told me who just dialed our number. [Smartass chuckle] I figured you for dead when the communications cut out all those weeks ago. Luckily, we were already pulling back to Bragg anyway. Retreat is such an ugly word. It implies weakness… a loss. This is more of a reallocation of resources.
Kylee moved to grab the mic from Chalmers, but he jerked it out of her reach.
Chalmers: You son of a bitch! You know what we did! It’s time to end it! I’ll spend the rest of my life behind bars if I have to, but you will stand down, or so help me I will—
Col. Lang: You’ll do nothing, Chalmers. You won’t do a God damned thing. My men have already taken your facility. The samples, the paperwork, the computers—It’s all been burned to the ground. Those marines put up a helluva of a fight. I’ll say that much. But we had the numbers. We have the numbers, that is. And, with the deaths of Subject 17 and my daughter, I’d say this little situation of my ‘involvement’ is squared away.
He still didn’t know. Chalmers still had him snowed on Kylee being dead. The cocky prick must’ve assumed Don burned up with the facility. Problem was… now I had Murphy and Alyse on my mind. Damn.
Kylee reached for the mic again, but Chalmers snapped at her, “Stop! He thinks he’s won. We still have Thigpen. We still have you. We still have Don. I dunno if it’s such a good idea to be tipping our hand to him.” He went back on the mic. I think he was gonna try and play the colonel a bit.
Chalmers: You always were one step ahead. I’ll never be able to argue that. You got me. What can I say? I had a moment of weakness, and I buckled under the pressure. Now, I know I can’t fix what I’ve done or who I’ve told. It seems you’ve already done that much for me anyway. But, please, is there any way I can convince you to just meet with me? Hear my side? You win, man. I got nothin’ left.
[Inaudible scratching]
Col. Lang: Oh, Chalmers. [I could hear this fucker arrogantly grinning on the other end] You have so much left—so, so, so much left. Say hello.
[We heard a woman’s voice, crying and sobbing]
Woman: Daniel… he… they… oh, God.
[A struggle]
Col. Lang: The men sure had a good time with her. She’s been at it for… a while now.
Chalmers’ lip quivered, and his eyes filled with tears. He took a deep breath and pressed the mic button to respond, but nothing happened.
Col. Lang: Don’t bother trying to talk back now. We’ve cut your mic. I just want you to hear this. Listen closely.
The woman’s voice could be heard in the background crying as if the mic on their end was simply laid down and left wide open.
It started with her gasping like she couldn’t catch her breath. That was followed by whimpering and then, “No. Please, God, no… Don’t… don’t do it…”
Kylee covered Lilly’s ears and buried her face under her arm to block the sounds as the colonel’s voice was heard off-mic calling to Chalmers, “She can’t believe it, Danny-boy. You should see her face. She’s scared because she can’t believe it’s actually happening right now!”
It was the worst noise I’d ever heard—a choking, wheezy, crying sound.
He kept taunting Chalmers, who could do nothing but bite his lip as he listened to them kill his wife. He bit his lip until the blood flowed. 
Col. Lang: Do you hear it, Danny-boy? I told you what I’d do, and you still wanted to fuck with me. Nobody. Fucks. With. Me. My knife is twisting in her gut right now. She’s not bleeding, though, not on the outside. Oh, no, no, no… It’s all on the inside.
More thumping sounds—sharp thumps, like a fish flopping on the deck of a boat. Then silence.
Chalmers desperately keyed the mic. He cried and yelled into the receiver, helplessly begging the colonel to stop, but no one was listening on the other end. He screamed for them to stop until he had no breath left in his lungs.
“Bring me the boy!”
We heard it all—the struggling as they drug Chalmers’ son into the room and the cries of the young boy begging for his mommy to wake up. She wasn’t going to wake up—not for a while anyway. And when she did wake up, they’d surely kill her a second and final time. 
The colonel could be heard, saying, “I told you, Danny-boy! Didn’t I tell you? Look what you made me do! And now your son, too.”
The child on the other end shrieked in agony. His squeals sounded almost girlish as the colonel tore into him over and over with whatever blade he was using. They killed his Goddamn kid for fuck’s sake!
Chalmers hysterically threw the mic and covered his ears, trying to drown out the horror, but it was useless.
Col. Lang: Now, Staff Sergeant Daniel M. Chalmers… Now, you have nothing left.
[Dead air]
Chalmers shot himself two minutes later.


Entry 146

We sat in the control tower for a long time, almost until sunset. In hindsight, it was pretty morbid, really. Chalmers’ corpse slumped in a sitting position against the wall, still clutching the pistol. I stared at it for a while. I don’t know why I did that, but I did.
His hair sat unnaturally, caked with blood and brain matter around the exit wound. The front of his shirt and pants were soaked with blood that began to turn brown and chunky as the time passed. His eyes didn’t close. Instead, they stared blankly forward, directly at me. The corners of his mouth were turned down in the same grimace that was on his face as he pulled the trigger, and his nose and mouth oozed blood slowly. 
It was initially a torrent directly after the bullet passed through. This crimson cascade that ran from his face like a faucet made it seem as if he was leaking his very life force onto the floor in front of him, but I knew better. He was dead long before the shot. Chalmers died right in front of us as he clutched the mic and listened to his family perish. At that moment, he was nothing more than a walking corpse. The only difference between him and the bernies right then and there was that he wasn’t trying to eat us. Other than that, he was one of them—dead.
Something that’s bugging me… No one, me included, is interested in burying him. I feel like we should, but we’re tired. We’re exhausted from the long slog through the airfields to get here, and we’re just plain tired of cleaning up dead things. 
It’s such a morbid task to begin with, but at least for the ones we love, it’s a task we’re willing to undertake. Pardon the pun, by the way. I mean, no one could ever really enjoy such a task, but it’s something you do out of respect and for closure. For Chalmers it’s different. I don’t really respect the guy, nor did I actually care for him. Ours was a relationship built on necessity and one that never really went any further than just that. I do, however, pity him. I think that’s why I’m struggling with the whole thing. I feel terrible for what he had to go through in his final moments, and I sort of feel like he deserves a burial just for that alone. 
Doesn’t change the fact that he’s not gettin’ one. Poor bastard’s gonna sit in this tower and rot. I hope that no one pities me when I go. I really do. I’d rather be hated than pitied.
So, yeah, I just stared at him, thinking about stuff. We’re pretty-well fucked right now. We know where the colonel is, and we know for sure that he needs to die. There’s no more questioning that, but what are we gonna do? What can we do? The road is still a long one to Bragg, even if we have the stones to go up in there and challenge him. That would be so stupid, though. We don’t have the numbers, and they’re dug in. We might as well just walk up to the gates with our weapons unloaded, waving a Goddamn white flag. For that matter, we may as well just French kiss a bernie and get it over with. It’s a death sentence no matter how you slice it.
Eventually, I turned my attention away from Chalmers and checked in on the others. 
Seth and Nick kept themselves busy by keeping watch. Granted, that’s normally Boyd’s thing, but he’s been on the computer for as long as I’ve been sitting here. His constant click-clacking on the keys and stuttering curses under his breath has been almost comforting, in a way. If I close my eyes, I can imagine I’m back at work before everything changed. I’ve done that more times than I can count in the past few minutes. It’s nice.
Lilly sat with Don and talked quietly. She doesn’t seem sad or shaken up. It didn’t even faze her, what happened here today. She even asked me, “Should I get his gun?” I just shook my head ‘no.’ Chalmers gets to keep that.
Kylee buried her face in her hands, sitting on the floor. I wanted to talk to her, but I knew the time wasn’t right. After what she’d seen her father become, I’d be willing to bet she’d have rather lost him to the outbreak, and the dead, or to never have seen or heard from him again. I scooted over next to her and sat there quietly. 
It didn’t take her long, maybe a minute or so, to fall onto my shoulder and begin sobbing. It was a good cry—one of those cries that washes away everything, so long as you have a homie to lean on. I thought of Cutty in my dream. “You ain’t no shouldah nigga,” he barked at me angrily. Maybe there was something to that after all. Maybe he simply meant that I may have been there for him, but I need to do a better job at being there for the others. I dunno. 
I put my arm around her shoulder and let her bury her face in my chest and cut loose. I held her and pressed my face against her stubbly head, trying to just let her know I was there. 
I shot a glance over to Don and half expected to see him making some mean-ass face at me, but he didn’t. He was watching us, and I knew he wanted to be where I was. Perhaps he was blaming himself for not being where I was. I could see his wheels turning as he looked on quietly. Eventually, he just nodded at me with his lips pursed tightly in an expression of acceptance. He wasn’t there for her. I was. And now he knew it for sure.
Seth and Nick came back in and drug Chalmers outside. They tried their best to respect the body, but still managed to bang what was left of his head against the door jamb on the way out. I winced when it happened, but it was just an accident. Nick offered a silent apology, mouthing the words to me, but I just shrugged. Shit happens. I wish shit didn’t always happen to us, though.
When they came back in, Seth knelt by my side and whispered, “We’ll take second and third watch, too. You guys get some rest.”
As he moved to leave, Kylee caught him by the arm. She thanked him sincerely before letting her hand slip. 
Seth stared at us for a moment. I’d give my last bullet to know what was going through his head. He said nothing and instead attempted a smile. It looked clumsy on him, but I appreciated his effort nonetheless. He slung a rifle across his shoulder and exited again quietly.
Nick stood there with his arms crossed. “You guys need anything else right now?”
Lilly answered him with, “I wanna go with you guys and keep watch.”
No one protested. I don’t think Lilly expected that, so she was just sorta sittin’ there, waiting to be told ‘no.’
Nick twitched his head towards the door and said, “Well? You comin’ or what?”
She beamed at him and left Don’s side to exit with them.
Don told Nick, “Careful. Keep a pair of eyes on the west, and make sure Lilly doesn’t wander too far.”
Nick passed the binoculars to Lilly as he strapped Kylee’s rifle over his shoulder, then told Don, “I heard you. If you can’t sleep, you’re welcome to join us. Just be sure to whistle or some shit before you come poppin’ around the corner. I know how quietly you can move sometimes, man.”
Don smiled and waved him off. 
Without taking his eyes off the screen, Boyd said over his shoulder, “I g-got a total of f-f-four units showing on the GPS within r-range of the r-r-radio. I’m a little sh-shocked that the satellites are still g-g-going. Wanna try one of ’em? See if m-m-m-m-maybe we can get some friendlies on the horn?”
“No.”
I realized after I said it that I may have sounded like a dick. My tone was firm and flat. I didn’t mean that, so I apologized and explained, “We’ll try again in the morning. Let’s just get some rest.”
No one said another word, and as the minutes passed, they fell asleep one by one—not me, though. I can feel the nightmare already, and I don’t want it.


Entry 147

Morning came on slowly. I fell asleep at some point during the night, but it was restless, as it always is. A few dozen bernies shuffled across the airfield, and more appeared on the horizon as I sipped some water from Kylee’s canteen. It was gonna be time to move again soon.
Ammo wasn’t low, by most people’s standards, but it wasn’t what it used to be after the fight to get here. Seth and the others on watch weren’t gonna waste any of it shooting at the wanderers anyway. As long as the bernies didn’t know we were up in the tower, we’d be fine. Hell, they may even have passed right by. No way to tell, really.
Boyd offered me something to eat, but I turned it down politely. Normally I would be starving by that point, except Chalmers’ body was starting to stink up the place. Seth and Nick dragged him out to the concourse thingy, but it was starting to seep in. I thought I’d get used to that smell eventually. Wrong.
Anyway…
Once there was some decent light, Lilly made her rounds for school. It wasn’t traditional by any means, but it worked for us. The first thing we did was read. I don’t have to tell you that our choice of material was limited, but we had an assortment of magazines, a few books, the little Bible that Cutty gave me, and so on. After I got her in the swing of things, we usually practiced her writing. I was no writer, by any means, but everyone volunteered me for the job since I was always scribbling in this thing. She was getting really good with her punctuation, and her spelling had become acceptable. I had to keep reminding her to capitalize the first word of every sentence, though. I guess that was normal for a kid her age; or maybe it wasn’t. Fuck if I knew.
After I did my thing for a while, Don took her off to the side for weapons training. Now this was something she really excelled at. He’d lay out a random collection of projectile weapons—rifles and handguns, etc. Then he’d drop all this different ammo in a big pile. Her task was to identify which ammo went with which weapon, separate it, and load them all properly.
That might not sound like it was too hard, but think about this for a second. We had .223, .308, plus a handful of .338 for Kylee’s Lapua. Then we had .45, 9 mm, .38, and some .22 rimfire for the handguns. Those were further separated into hollow point, semi wad cutter, ball, and whatever-the-hell else. I think we may even have had some shotgun stuff, buckshot and slugs. I don’t even know all of it. Lilly had that shit on lock, though. She never made a mistake.
After all that, Don normally picked one weapon for breakdown and cleaning. He’d obviously been an instructor in some capacity, but he’d never really confirmed or denied it. One of my favorite things to watch was when he hid a piece from her while she was reassembling them, usually a spring or a pin… something small. She’d crinkle her nose in thought when she got to that point and huff, “Gimme the Goddamn thing,” followed by a long pause, then, “please?” 
We couldn’t break her of her cursing habit, but I’d be damned if she was gonna let her manners slip—not around us anyway. Don didn’t take any of her shit, either. He wasn’t like the others when it came to Lilly. He treated her like a little soldier when class was in session. For him it was, “Yes, sir,” and “No, sir.” For us it was… Well, use your imagination. Nick and Seth were no help whatsoever, since they seemed to make it their personal goals to formulate the most colorful things to call one another.
Once Don was finished with his lesson plan, Lilly grabbed Kylee for general self-defense tactics. Of course, Don or probably even Seth could teach her some of that stuff, but Kylee had a knack for gearing it towards the feminine persuasion. She worked with Lilly on breaking away from being grabbed, showed her different pressure points, and sometimes she showed her little, dirty fighting tricks like bending a pinky finger backwards. It really is amazing how much that shit hurts compared to how little effort it takes to do it. 
Anyway, Lilly was always practicing on me for some reason, probably because I was kind of a li’l bitch. You have no idea how embarrassing it was to be doubled over in front of your friends because a little six-year-old girl punched you in the throat. But, hey, everyone got a laugh. We needed more of that around anyway, right?
From there, it was off to Boyd for marksmanship. We never really got the opportunity for classic target practice. The need to conserve ammo trumped that immediately, especially considering our dwindling reserves, but he taught her how to work with the sun glare, how to properly range her targets without a spotter, and how to pick a prime spot for a nest. She even expressed interest in making herself a little ghillie suit. 
If you don’t know what that is, don’t feel bad. It’s a handmade suit with grass and twigs, or whatever else is around the current terrain, that you wear for camouflage. Most snipers make their own. I guess that would fall under ‘arts and crafts,’ hehe.
Bottom line, that would be a really good skill set for her to have at the moment since she doesn’t have the physical strength for brawling or melee fighting—against the dead, that is. Bernies don’t feel the pain of pressure points or a swift kick in the nuts, so she needs to keep her distance for now.
Speaking of keeping distance, Don and Kylee haven’t even been speaking of late. While this bodes well for me, it is nothing but bad sauce for the group as a whole. Look, I couldn’t care less about their relationship, marriage, or whatever they wanna call it, but we can’t have them failing to communicate when shit hits the fan—and shit will definitely hit the fan. It always does. I suppose, for now, I’ll trust that their habits as professionals will overrule whatever emotional crap is going on.
We will try the radio again, thanks to Boyd, in a bit. Pending the outcome of that, there will likely be an open discussion on the plan of attack (or lack thereof), followed by a full inventory check, travel prep, and a few other minor tasks. One thing that’s definitely on the to-do list is fueling up D-Prime. There’s gotta be diesel around this place somewhere. 
Once that’s sorted out, we have one last bit of business before hitting the road for what will hopefully be the final run.
Shopping day.
I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again. I really hate shopping day.


Entry 148

When it rains, it pours.
I decided to handle shopping with Seth and Nick, leaving Lilly back in the tower with Don and Kylee. Boyd was given strict instructions to stay on the radio and try to get something else going. The line to Bragg, and the colonel, remains locked out.
The decision to leave Kylee and Don behind wasn’t an easy one to make, but it made the most sense. Kylee and Don were in the best position to oversee any communications, especially from a military perspective; not to mention, Don can shoot, so having him and Lilly on watch from above, and covering our asses, was the next best thing to having Boyd on the rifle. There was really no argument about all that.
I also hoped silently to myself that Kylee and Don would have a chance to talk while we were gone. I don’t know if that happened while we were away, but I know it was awkward as hell when Kylee pecked me on the cheek on the way out. She stood there with her hand on her hip afterwards and said quietly to me, almost in a whisper, “Be careful out there. If shit gets deep, you run. Don’t look back.” I’m not sure if she meant don’t look back for Nick and Seth or if it was just a general statement. I nodded at her and tried to muster up my best cocky smirk, Seth-style. It failed. She leveled her eyes to mine and added, “I’m serious. No more fuckin’ around. Lilly and I need you. We’ve lost too much already.”
She pressed her hand into mine, and I felt her passing me something covertly. It felt like a paper of some sort. I didn’t look at it right away; just tucked it in my pocket for later.
The boys and I were able to find diesel in a matter of minutes. We kept the tower between us and what was left of the small bernie packs that went by this morning as we jogged in a low crouch to a garage-lookin’ building some fifty yards from the tower. Nick liked to use his kukri-blade-thing, or whatever the hell they called it, and Seth had one of his silly-ass gauntlets on. I dunno what possesses him to get so ‘up close and personal’ with the stinks, but to each his own. That shit’s gonna bite him in the ass one day, though—pun fully intended. I had two big gas cans, one in each hand, but I knew we would need more. Lucky for us, there were a few more lying around the motor pool. They totaled six and would take multiple trips to get them back to the truck. I have to note here that the cans are heavy as shit once they’re full.
After clearing the area, which was devoid of any life at all, we siphoned enough to fill them all while Nick kept watch to the outside. We were silent as fuck, like a three-man, ninja-assassin squad, until Seth took a mouthful of diesel and started gagging and coughing all over the place. Nick shushed him harshly and told him, “All the dicks you’ve had in your mouth over the years, and I never pegged you for a gagger. You better take that load like a man!” He chuckled at his own joke. So did I, actually.
Seth scowled at him, clearly not amused, but being a good sport about the whole thing, he shot back with, “Normally I get a warning that it’s coming. This truck has no manners at all!” 
It took about twenty minutes to get everything back to D-Prime. During the first trip, we caught the attention of a pair of sleepers on the way back, one of which took a swipe for Seth’s leg. Nick brought his blade down on its dome-piece before it even touched Seth, who nodded a silent ‘thank you’ to him. Nick just shrugged it off as Seth squished the second one’s head with three or four punches. He kind of got into it, and the last blow smashed through so hard that he hit the asphalt with a dull clink.
We found a small common area with a few vending machines inside and, since there were no obvious threats, took a seat at one of the tables for lunch. Nick was a criminal, pure and simple, but he was a clever one. We needed to bust out the machines, one of which was an old-school cigarette vendor, but we had to do so as quietly as possible. He simply gestured for Seth to pass over his vest. Seth complied, and after wrapping it around his elbow, Nick gave the glass a solid thump. It didn’t shatter and litter the floor as I had expected, but instead it spidered enough that we could just pick out the shards quietly. A closer look at Seth’s leather vest revealed that it wasn’t the first time they’d employed that tactic, as it was covered in scratches.
We munched happily on some stale Fritos before bringing out the new smokes. Finally, a non-menthol! It did the trick. I frowned to myself when I reached for my old Zippo and remembered that I had tossed it to Cutty. Nick passed me his lighter and told me to keep it.
Seth kicked his feet up and blew out a cloud of smoke before saying casually to Nick, “You catch that shit this morning?”
Nick nodded and replied, “Pfft! You kiddin’ me? Of course I did.”
Seth nodded back and asked, “Watchu wanna do about that?”
It was becoming obvious that I wasn’t a part of the conversation, and I started getting curious. I kept quiet, though.
Nick shrugged, unsure, and Seth continued, “Better safe than dead, dude. Think we should turn off his lights for him?”
Now I was getting uncomfortable. They were definitely alluding to killing someone, and it crossed my mind that they may have been talking about me. I casually slipped my hand to the butt of the pistol in my waist, trying to be nonchalant, just in case. I had these visions of the old mob guys that act all friendly and take you out for drinks and shit before they do it. Next thing ya know, you’re in the front seat of a car, and they’re wrapping a piece of piano wire around your neck from behind you in the back seat. Fuck all that.
Nick told Seth, “Not yet. It’s not exactly our call to make.”
Ashing his cigarette on the floor, Seth retorted, “I don’t give a flyin’ fuck about whose ‘call’ it is. The dude’s a fuckin’ liar, and that makes him a threat.”
Nick finally turned to face me and said, “Take your hand off of your gun, Dext. You’re not the problem. It’s your guy, Boyd. How’d you all come to meet him anyway?”
I dropped my hand and told them the short version. They both nodded as I went along, as if to say they had heard it all before. When I was through, Seth told Nick, “See! Same thing Boyd said.”
I asked them both, “So, what?”
Nick butted out his smoke and leaned in slightly to say, “That kid’s a fuckin’ liar. We asked him about his story, and he told us the same thing he told you. Problem is, his eyes were floating to the right the whole time, and he taps his foot. Don’t let that stutterin’ shit fool ya, man. I mean, his stutter is legit, but you gotta look past it.”
Seth picked up for Nick, saying, “And he wrings his hands. Kid’s got so many tells, I could gamble his Goddamn underwear off him if we were playin’ Hold’em. Somethin’ about him is off, dude. We just don’t know what it is, yet.”
I knew shopping day wasn’t going to go well one way or another. It never did. We never got to finish that conversation, but I hope we can before Seth loses his shit and does something over the top.
A loud thump against the frosted glass left us staring at the silhouettes of at least two bernies scratching and clawing to get in. We hopped out of our seats just as Don keyed the mic on the little, pink walkie-talkie in my pocket. It made a single vibration, which I felt immediately.
Don made it a point to key the mic without saying anything just in case we were in a precarious position. Wouldn’t want someone on the other end blabbing away if we were hiding quietly. It didn’t really matter in this instance, so I keyed up and said to Don, “How bad is it?”
I was more than a little surprised to hear Lilly on the other end saying, “There’s about eight. They were gonna just pass by, but you guys were probably too loud. Can you get to the door on the left? It’s clear over there.”
There were exits on both sides. I keyed the mic and told her, “Yep. We’re comin’ out.”
We jumped to it and popped open the door on the left. I squinted in the sun and, to my horror, my eyes adjusted to the sight of another ten or more dragging their stinky asses right to us. Nick shoved us back inside and slammed the door shut. I keyed the mic and frantically said, “What was that about, Lilly?”
She came back with, “Shit! Sorry, guys. My left. You’re still clear on the other side. Move yer butts!”
She was right. It was completely clear on the other side, and we ran our sorry asses back to the tower in a hurry. When we got up there, Lilly apologized again, but I told her it was an honest mistake. We both just learned a lesson about being very specific. (And no one died, so I call that a win.) I ruffled her hair proudly, and she went back to keeping watch with a huge grin on her face. 
Boyd had been calling on the radio and sending a distress signal on some other channels all day, so hopefully something comes back soon. If we don’t hear anything by tonight, we’re gonna give it up. We’re moving out tomorrow, but I’ll be keeping a much closer eye on Boyd and Seth.
I reached into my pocket and pulled out what Kylee passed me earlier. It was the picture that she had been carrying around all this time of her and Don—except Don was torn away, and she stood there alone in her wedding dress.


Entry 149

I tried to take a nap, but that was pretty much the worst idea ever. I woke up to muffled shouts and some sort of scuffling going on outside, so I rubbed my eyes and groggily moved to the door to see what the commotion was about. Everyone was out there, and it was bordering on pandemonium.
Seth had Boyd pinned to the railing so hard that Boyd’s top half was hanging precariously over the fifty-foot drop to the asphalt below. I would have expected Kylee or Don to at least be making an attempt to break it up, but the opposite was true. In fact, Kylee had her pistol drawn, and it was placed firmly against Boyd’s forehead. She shouted at him, “You fucking knew? And you just let it go? Do you have any idea what you’ve done?”
Boyd could be seen glancing over his shoulder to the impending doom below, then to Kylee. He was terrified and rightfully so. Being on the wrong side of Seth was bad enough. Add Kylee’s temper to that mix and you could pretty much kiss your ass good-bye.
Nick blocked my path and put his hand into my chest with a little more force than I was comfortable with. He whispered to me, “Let them handle this.”
I smacked is arm away and told him to get his fucking hands off me. He rolled his eyes with frustration and said again, “Trust me, man. You don’t want any part of what’s goin’ on over there.” 
Boyd was trying to speak, but the combination of nervousness and his stutter made it nearly impossible. The kid was as white as a ghost. I shouted for them to stop, and I was promptly ignored.
After a second attempt to calm the shit down, Don spoke up and told me, “He had them on the radio. He had Kilo on the Goddamn radio and tried to hide it from us.”
Seth called over to me, still holding Boyd over the rail, “I told you this kid was fulla shit! Now we’re gonna get to the bottom of it.”
I pleaded with Kylee for a moment of sanity. “Kylee, come on. Let’s talk about it before going off the deep end for Christ’s sake.”
She scoffed. “How many months have we been at this, Dext? Huh? Chasing this Goddamn unit across the country. How many died for it, Dext? How many? And this little shit just fucked it all up!”
Boyd stammered, “You d-d-don’t undersssstand. It’s n-n-not like that.”
Seth threw an elbow across Boyd’s jaw and snapped, “Shut the fuck up,” causing Nick to shake his head at me and say, “I told ya, Dext. Just let them handle it.”
This is where I started to get pissed off—not at any single thing in particular, but just at this whole crapfest in front of me. We were acting like a bunch of savages. I was aware of that, but it didn’t matter for some reason. The boiling in my gut trumped any sense of self-control, and all it took was Nick putting his hand on me one more time.
I spun around and in one motion drew my gun from my waist, leveling it at Nick. I told him coldly, “Put your fuckin’ hands on me one more Goddamn time, Nick, and I swear on everything holy that I will wreck your shit.”
Nick raised his hands and said, “Damn, man. You’re not kiddin’.”
“Not even a little bit.”
He shook his head slightly and told me, “Look, chill out. I’m just tryin’ to keep a bad situation from getting worse. You were asleep the whole time, so you have no idea what’s going on right now.”
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Seth eying me up and getting antsy. It felt like he was gonna move on me at any moment to get Nick’s back, so I lowered the gun. I may have been angry, but I wasn’t stupid.
“Fine, fuck it. I’ll just sit here and do nothing then.”
Kylee asked Seth, “You know when he’s lying?”
Seth nodded in the affirmative, stone faced and cold. “Mmhmm.” 
Kylee lowered her own pistol and holstered it before putting her hand on her hip. She stared at Boyd for a moment, biting her lip before saying, “All right then, Seth. Make him talk.”
Nick chimed in with, “Um, that’s probably not a good ide—” but it was too late.
Seth grinned mischievously before throwing Boyd to the ground. Boyd scrambled backwards on his hands, but only managed to hit the stone wall of the tower. There he sat, cowering.
Seth calmly approached Lilly and asked her nicely, “Lilly, can I borrow a revolver for a minute, please? You know which one the revolver is, right?”
Lilly scoffed like he had insulted her intelligence before telling him, “I got yer back, Jack.” She unzipped the backpack that sat next to her watch position and passed Seth the proper weapon. 
Seth sat cross legged in front of Boyd and emptied the ammo from Lilly’s spare piece. He put a single bullet back into place, spun the cylinder, and quickly snapped it shut. “You a gamblin’ man, Boyd?”
Boyd said nothing.
Nodding to himself, Seth placed the barrel under Boyd’s chin and told Kylee, “Ask away.”
Kylee crossed her arms and said, “Why didn’t you tell us you made contact?”
Seth never took his eyes off Boyd as Boyd sputtered, “I c-couldn’t. I c-can’t…”
Click!
Boyd flinched and started a terrified cry as Seth pulled the trigger for the first time. “Yes. You can, and you will.”
Boyd stared at Seth, wide eyed, and stammered, “You’re c-crazy, man, fuckin’ c-crazy!”
Seth chuckled quietly and replied sarcastically, “I’m crazy? I’m fuckin’ crazy? You don’t know what crazy is, Boyd. You wanna see somethin’ crazy? I’ll show ya fuckin’ crazy.”
What happened next had me standing there with my mouth wide open like a codfish. Seth pointed the revolver at his own temple and without even blinking, pulled the trigger three times.
Click, click, click.
He pointed the gun back at Boyd and said calmly, “Two more chances, Boyd. Feelin’ lucky today? ’Cuz I sure am.”
Boyd held out his hands and said, “All right, all right… I’ll tell…”
I’ll spare you the stuttering and reiterate what he said here in plain text because it took like half an hour for him to get through it. It was shocking, to say the least.
“My name is Sean Boyd, Lance Corporal Sean Boyd, Second Platoon, Third Battalion, First Marine Division… Kilo Company.”
Not surprisingly, there was a gasp from everyone present.
“I’m AWOL. We ran into some shit way back east, and a few of us got separated. We were spread out all over the place, and I never bothered to try and find the others. None of us did. Me and two other guys, Bustamante and Tyson, decided to make a break for home. We scavenged what we could of the remaining gear from our dead and broke west. I was trying to get to Vegas to see if my mom and sister made it to safety there. We’re originally from Reno, ya know? But we got caught up on the road—fuckin’ raiders everywhere, bernies, no food, very little water. We did things, terrible things. If they find me, I’ll be put through the wringer… or worse.”
His voice trailed off, but Kylee pressed him. “What type of things, Boyd? What did you do?”
Boyd hesitated before saying, “We had to rob some people sometimes. We did what we had to do.”
Nick must’ve seen something in Seth that the rest of us didn’t, and he leapt to Seth’s side. With only a fraction of a second to act, Nick shoved the pistol from under Boyd’s chin as Seth squeezed the trigger.
Boom! 
The gunshot rang out loudly as the round fired off into the distant sky.
Seth snapped at Nick, “I warned him, dude! I told him if he lied one more time, I was gonna pull the trigger, and he’s fuckin’ lying. You know it, and I know it.”
Boyd went into full-on nervous breakdown mode, sobbing, as he had no doubt seen his life flash before his eyes. He spilled it, saying, “Okay, okay… we killed people, too—a lot of people. I mean, I didn’t, not at first, but Tyson lost it. He couldn’t take it out there on the road, and he became something entirely different. He started shooting random survivors and looting them after. He didn’t even try to talk to them after a while. Then, when Bustamante refused to fire on this older couple, Tyson shot him. He shot Bustamante right in the face. I was scared shitless after that. I did whatever he told me to do. 
“Wasn’t long after that, you people came along in that fancy rig. We watched you eating and smiling. We watched you moving through the traffic with that big-ass truck like it was nothing. You were our ticket home.”
My heart sunk into my stomach—Hook, the shot that Kylee took to the chest. Oh, fuck.
Kylee lurched forward and kicked him in his face. Boyd’s head snapped back, and blood shot from his nose and mouth. She shouted at him, “You killed our fucking friend!” She kicked him again in his gut, doubling him over and sending him into a coughing fit. “You wrecked our Hummer!” Now with her fist, she nailed him in the side of the head. “And you fucking shot me, you asshole!”
Don pulled her off of him.
Boyd, trying to catch his breath, told her, “I didn’t, I swear! I s-stopped. Tyson took the shots at you, not me. I c-couldn’t do it anymore. Then he went for the girl. He was about to shoot Lilly to s-s-send you a message. That’s when I shot him. I pulled the t-trigger and emptied everything I had into his back as he lay there, prone, about to k-kill a little k-kid. I couldn’t let him do it.”
We looked at Seth and Nick to confirm Boyd was telling the truth. They both nodded that he was legit.
There was only silence then. No one spoke a word as it all sunk in. It lasted for a while until Boyd spoke, broken and bleeding.
“My n-name is probably on every action r-report they got. Those g-guys know me. If they come here, and they f-find me, and if they hear what I’ve d-done, they’re likely to kill me.”
Nick quipped, “I’d be more worried about what we might do to you.” 
Kylee rubbed her face in shock. She ran her hands over her chest where the bullet would have entered, and she was shaking.
It was Lilly that put a stop to the madness. She knelt next to Boyd and said, “Thanks for saving me, Boyd.” She put her arms around him and hugged him tightly. Then she turned to Kylee and said, “Boyd saved me twice. He saved me when I got cut, and he saved me before we even met him. I don’t think we should kill Boyd, you guys.”
Seth stood up and looked down at Boyd disgustedly. “Lilly just saved your ass. I’d say you’re even now.”
We left Boyd to his own thoughts, but not before Don told him firmly, “When you get cleaned up, go in there and call them back. We’ll figure out something to tell them so you’re not in trouble, but you will make contact. Got that?”
Boyd nodded and made a move to regain his composure.
I pulled Seth to the side and asked him, “How’d you know the gun wasn’t going to go off when you had it to your own head?”
Seth looked me right in the eyes and said, “I didn’t.”
I was trying to wrap my head around that when Lilly called out, “Um… Guys!” She pointed out into the airfield, and we followed her direction. “Bernies…”
The gunshot must’ve called them in—hundreds. They shambled at first in small groups, but they were coming from everywhere, from all directions.
Nick urged everyone inside and grabbed Boyd by his shirt, dragging him along. Now it’s no longer a question. We need help here, and it’s on Boyd to make it happen.


Entry 150

We were hoping they’d pass. If we waited long enough and kept quiet, there was no reason for them to hang around. We were figuring we’d put Boyd back on the radio and, once we had a plan with whoever was running the show for Kilo, we’d let the dead disperse. This didn’t turn out to be the case, but all’s not lost. Don’t get me wrong, though. There’s still a chance all this will blow up in our faces if Hicks doesn’t come through.
Hicks. That’s the guy’s name. His voice came across the radio with a subtle southern drawl and the coolness of a battle-hardened vet. We could hear it in his inflection and tone. It wasn’t arrogant by any means, but it’s confident. His voice alone let us know he wasn’t one to fuck around and he’d probably rather die on the battlefield than stay ‘safe.’ That was probably why Boyd was scared shitless. 
Boyd made a stupid decision. Leaving his unit behind was cowardly, careless, and a whole bunch of other words that start with the letter ‘C,’ but it was also very human. We all get scared. We all do stupid shit. Hell, I got a whole book full of stupid shit we’ve done. I think with the way things are, all bets are off. Rules no longer apply. Sure, we all have our own set of morals and ethics, what’s left of them, but those lines go gray quickly when society breaks down. There are no checks and balances for anyone anymore—only the ones we choose for ourselves. 
I’ve given this a lot of thought. Boyd hasn’t done anything that we haven’t done ourselves. We’ve taken lives, and we’ve taken things that didn’t belong to us. When we did those things, we never really felt good about it. Sometimes the situation has a way of dictating our actions, and it’s like you’re just along for the ride, hoping that when that ride stops you still have all your limbs intact, ya know? Anyway, Boyd has been a solid asset since he hooked up with us. He’s saved our asses and kept watch more than anyone else. He’s pulled his weight, and he’s made up for his transgressions against us, even if you wanna blame him, in part, for Hook’s death. So, I forgive him. I think the others feel the same way now that the heat of the moment has worn off.
We made up a story for him. Way back when we were still in the east, Kilo and Lima were both spread thin. They were evacuating survivor camps like the Haven, clearing townships, cutting paths through the sea of traffic that clogged the main routes, coordinating supply drops; the list goes on and on. Then they got orders to collect specimens and truck them along the westward route to Morofsky’s people at the facility. Then, the vaccination failed and decimated their numbers the night that Fool ended up stranded. Boyd was there for all of that. Is there any wonder why he ran his ass back home? 
Well, Fool helped us from beyond the grave today, because his name was able to lend us the credibility with Hicks that we needed. We told Hicks that Boyd was with Fool and he’d been runnin’ with us since we left the cross-huggers. It only took us telling Hicks some of the details we learned from Fool along the way to convince him we were legit. The only people who could throw a wrinkle into that story were Murphy and Alyse, and they died in the facility fire.
The question on my mind was why Hicks was still alive and kickin’, along with the majority of his forces, after the battle at the facility. The colonel made it sound as if he decimated them all. The answer came in the form of a story from Hicks himself. After the introductions and the reiteration of stuff I’d already written about, the conversation went something like this:
Hicks: Congratulations on not being dead, by the way. So, you’re holed up in Nellis?
Boyd: Affirmative.
Hicks: Cut the crap! We abandoned the radio etiquette months ago.
Boyd: C-copy. Shit. S-sorry. Yeah, Nellis.
Hicks: For Christ’s sake, get your stutterin’ ass off the line, Boyd! I wanna talk to the girl, Kylee, or that Don guy everyone’s all up in arms about.
Kylee took over the mic and identified herself. She told him we were all listening.
Hicks: Well, you and Don have certainly thrown a wrench into whatever plans your crazy old man had goin’. Thigpen wanted me to get to the bottom of just what the hell was goin’ on at that facility, and I gotta tell you, we’re waist deep in a pile of monkey shit. I had words with the doctor and one of your people before the colonel’s men showed up for the fireworks show, and they filled me in on all of it. It’s a helluva story, to say the least.
Kylee: You said ‘one of our people’? Was his name Murphy?
Hicks: Yeah. That’s the guy.
Kylee: Is he alive? Is he with you?
[Long pause]
Hicks: No. No, he isn’t with us. Once the shooting started, the eggheads and any civvies they had there were either killed in the crossfire or they ran off like roaches when the light comes on.
Kylee: What about a girl? Name’s Alyse. She was wounded but recovering. Any word on her?
Hicks: Negative, lady. Look… can we play Family Ties later? I got shit to do.
Kylee: No, we can’t. This is important—maybe not to you, but it is to us. Is she alive?
Hicks: [Sigh] I don’t know. The infirmary and the offices were hit with mortar fire at the onset of the battle. Once the Goddamn bernie enclosure fell, it was a fuckin’ mess. We burned it all up.
Kylee: Wait. You burned it down?
Hicks: Yeah. It wasn’t our intention, but the boys got a little keyed up when the army pukes breached the gate, and we got a little carried away with the incendiaries. The place might have been destroyed, but we kicked the shit outta them. We were outnumbered ten to one, but those pukes didn’t have a clue who they were fuckin’ with. While they been sittin’ pretty in Bragg, we been kickin’ ass and leavin’ a footprint. My men have seen enough death to fill a hundred lifetimes, but those army boys under the colonel couldn’t handle the thought. For every one we killed, three turned tail and ran like little bitches. Stupid shits. I bet they got the colonel convinced they won that fight, too. Pfft… whatever.
Kylee: Are you aware that you may have destroyed any chances of fixing this shit, or did that not enter your mind at any point?
Hicks: Look, lady. Are you gonna sit there and bust my balls all day, or do you people actually have something to offer?
Kylee mouthed the words, ‘What an asshole,’ to us before keying the mic again.
Kylee: Here’s the deal. Don and I are the only ones that we know of who have the physical traits to sort this shit out. I’m sure Morofsky explained that to you. With enough time and the right people working on it, we can still beat it. But to do that we need the colonel out of the way, we need a safe place to settle in, and we need you… you… with the help of Thigpen to ensure all that can happen. You think you’ve been under pressure? You ain’t seen shit yet, pal. Now, I suggest you choose your next actions very carefully unless you plan to live what little time you got left surrounded by dead motherfuckers that wanna eat you with zero chance of a normal life ever again. Any chance for the entire world to see an end to this plague is now sitting squarely on your shoulders, Hicks. How’s that for pressure, buddy? You can make history, or you can be history. Now what do you plan to do about that? 
[Long pause]
Hicks: Goddammit, lady, we’re low on ammo, low on food, low on water, and that asshole father of yours has cut off all of our supply routes. The only thing we aren’t short on is fuel. 
[Inaudible voices]
Hicks: All right… look. We’re about a day’s drive from Nellis, but that’s haulin’ ass. If I give you our position, do you think you can make it to us? We’re dug in pretty good, so I give you my personal guarantee we’ll be here when you arrive.
Kylee: Negative. We’re completely surrounded with nowhere near enough ammo to even put a dent in the herd. They got us pinned down in an air-control tower, and they’re still comin’. We ain’t goin’ anywhere anytime soon.
Hicks: [Sigh] Well, shit. Standby.
[Dead air]
Hicks: Lemme get on the horn with Thigpen and get his take. Maybe he’s got an idea. In the meantime, keep quiet and keep your heads down. Got it? Leave this channel open, and don’t speak to anyone else—not anyone.
Kylee: Heard that.
That was about two hours ago, and we’re starting to lose light. This sucks just to be waiting around for…
Wait!
I hear a chopper. It’s a Goddamn helicopter!


Entry 151

Yep, it was a chopper all right. Exciting as that may have been, it wasn’t exactly what we were hoping for. When I first heard the deep thumping of the blades in the distance, I had these images in my mind of some team of special forces dudes rappelling into the airfield below, while covering fire from some big-ass 30 mm helicopter-type shit was mowing down the dead by the tens. I had visions of them landing that bitch right in the middle of a hundred corpses and waving us into it like some commando extraction as we ducked our heads under the blades, wind whipping through our hair, taken off to the safety of Kilo Company. Fuck yeah!
More like fuck you.
The chopper made its approach and hovered over the field of the dead, holding its position. It was small—feebly small even. In fact, it probably had a maximum capacity of three guys plus the pilot. It just sat there, suspended in the air, as the hundreds of bernies below reached into the sky as if they could actually reach it. The only thing it was succeeding at was turning a rag-tag mob of the undead into a tightly packed ball of stink directly under its airspace.
The pilot could be seen plain as day, even in the waning light. He made a hand signal by raising his palm as if to say to us, ‘Don’t move.’ Then he adjusted the little microphone arm on his helmet and began to speak into his communicator. Seconds later, the radio in our tower sparked back to life. 
It was Hicks. He told us, “Ah, good. The pilot’s telling me they made it, and they got a visual on you. That sound about right?”
Don snagged the mic up and said, “Yeah, we got him. Best thing we’ve seen in weeks. So, you pulling us outta here or what?”
Hicks came back with, “Um… well… no, not exactly. Take this info down.” I passed my pen and an empty page from my book to Don, and he scribbled down the position of Kilo as relayed by Hicks before passing me back my stuff. Then Hicks told him firmly, “You have five minutes to get your shit in gear. Gather everything you need, and be ready to bug out. When you’re set, give the pilot a thumbs-up and take cover. They’re gonna mow you a path outta there. Once you’re clear, haul ass to our position. We’ll be here. Got that?”
Don grumbled at the thought as he realized the same thing I did. We were gonna have to fight for whatever good things come to us. It was always the same. He asked Hicks, “I guess you won’t be giving us a ride then?”
Hicks replied disappointedly, “Unfortunately, no. That bird there is the only thing Thigpen could cut loose, and we’re lucky we got that much. If it was anybody else in that tower, I’m sad to say you’d be S.O.L. No more talk now. We’ll have time for that once you’re safely with us. Good luck, and we’ll see you in a day or so.”
Luckily, we stayed ready to move. Our shit was always in go-bags, and we never really settled into a place anymore. We knew better. Instead of scrambling to pack up, Don took that precious five minutes to gather us all around and whip up some personal med-kits. He explained, “Everyone take one of these. I want you all to keep them in your right-front pocket.”
Seth was only half paying attention, and he tucked it into his left pocket. Don snapped at him, “I said you’re right-front pocket.”
Seth scoffed and asked, “What difference does it make?”
Don exhaled to remain patient and told us, “If we’re in the shit, we need to know exactly where it’s kept. It could save your life. We used to do this all the time when I was on a tour. If any one of us goes down, you grab their med-kit… Don’t use your own on them. Use theirs. That way you have yours on you in case you get injured. Follow?”
We all nodded and stashed the kits as instructed. When that was settled, we strapped our packs and bags on our backs, made sure our weapons were loaded, and Kylee gave the pilot the thumbs-up. We took cover under the desks as best we could.
From my position, I could only partially see what was going on in the sky and nothing of what was going on at the ground level. The chopper peeled off to the right and gained some altitude before what looked like a bunch of tennis balls came tumbling out of the side door. 
The explosions felt below were devastating. It must’ve been a bunch of grenades or some shit. Then that was followed by full-automatic rifle fire—not a lot of it, though. Smoke billowed into the sky, and the acrid stench of burning flesh forced its way into my nose. I fuckin’ hated that smell. Not only did it make you wanna yack, but it stuck with you for a while after. I choked back a gag in an effort to save the tower from turning into some Stand By Me barf-o-rama situation.
The chopper was gone in seconds, and we were left in silence, the thumping of the blades having faded completely. We all just sort of sat there like we were waiting for more. It was… anticlimactic.
Nick moved first. He crawled out from his spot and approached the glass in a crouch before peeking outside. “Jesus tap-dancing Christ on Broadway… You guys should see this!”
We joined him reluctantly, and a silent measure of hope washed over me. Whatever they used… Whatever they did… It damn sure did the trick. The sun was dropping fast, and the ground was littered with pieces of bernies. A thick, black slick of blood coated the ground around them. Most were decimated, but a few still roamed around. Many were missing arms, and even more pulled themselves through the muck on their bellies, having been grotesquely separated from their lower halves. Bottom line, though, was that we could negotiate a way out now. 
Don snapped, “Sidearms and melee weapons now. It’s gonna be close quarters. Stay tight, watch each other’s backs, and get to D-Prime. I fuckin’ miss Cutty right about now, but we can do this. Y’all with me?”
Nothing needed to be said.
We moved swiftly down the tower’s stairs and kicked open the doors. Shit! It was darker now, and the sun had completely dropped below the horizon. It was way different than being up in the tower from a visibility standpoint. D-Prime sat waiting for us, fully fueled, some fifty yards away with only a handful of geeks in the way.
Welp… leave it to Seth—that fuckin’ guy.
We were hustling along, and not even ten seconds into our approach, he broke off from the group and started stomping out some crawler. It didn’t even make sense. The thing wasn’t even remotely threatening us. So, then, instead of rejoining us, he got on his hands and knees and dipped his fingers into what was left of the crawler’s head.
Nick half whispered, half shouted at him, “Seth!… Seth! The fuck you doin’, dude? C’mon!”
Nothing.
In fact, this crazy bastard smeared the black shit across his face like some kinda macabre war paint and then moved farther away from us to attack another shambler. I could barely see them at this point, but Nick kept trying to get his attention. All he managed to do was get three or four heading our way. 
Kylee snapped at us, “Fuck ’im. We gotta go. If he wants to act like an asshole, that’s on him.”
Nick argued, “Nah, somethin’ ain’t right. Keep moving. I’ll go get him.”
Kylee told Nick angrily, “Then there’s gonna be two of you out there. It’s too dark for this shit. Treat him like a child. If he hears that truck start up, he’ll come runnin’… if he ain’t dead by then.”
No sooner had the words left her mouth, Don smashed his bat into one of the approaching dead. Lilly told him, “Good one,” but Don just kept watching with his head on a swivel.
Kylee huffed, frustrated, and told Nick, “Whatever. Just whatever. We’re going whether you are or not. Work it out.”
Nick nodded quickly and ran off towards Seth’s direction. By the time Kylee sparked the engine to life, Nick could be seen literally dragging Seth by the collar towards us in the back of the trailer. As they hit the doors, Boyd pointed his gun directly at Seth’s head. Seth’s eyes got as wide as dinner plates. 
He was gone, man. His head was in an entirely different world until Boyd’s gun got his attention.
Nick raised his blade and threatened Boyd’s arm, saying, “I’ll chop that motherfucker off if you squeeze.” 
Boyd ignored Nick altogether and asked Seth, “Are you b-b-bit?”
Seth said nothing. He just rubbed his face, smearing the blood even worse. 
Boyd adjusted his aim slightly to the left and exploded the head of a biter that was approaching from behind the two hit men. He repositioned his aim back to Seth and asked again, “Are. You. B-b-bit?”
Seth shook his head.
Boyd offered him a hand and pulled Seth into the trailer, with Nick following behind before closing the doors tightly. Boyd looked at Seth and said sarcastically, “J-just lookin’ out f-f-for our safety. You know how th-that is…”
Seth scowled, knowing he fucked up. Don grabbed Seth by his shirt and started chewing him out, but Nick stopped him. He said, “Look, chill. He’s fine. Just let me talk to him.”
Don shoved Seth towards the front of the trailer and told Nick firmly, “Sort out your boy, or I’m gonna do it for you. We don’t need that kinda shit!”
Nick followed Seth, and they’re talking quietly in the corner at the moment. No lie, I’m a little scared of Seth right now. The guy’s off his fuckin’ rocker. He hasn’t been the same since the stuff went down with Chalmers. Then he nearly took out Boyd, and I don’t even wanna talk about that shit he pulled with the revolver to his own head. I dunno, man.
Kylee will drive through the night until she gets tired. She’s got Don with her in the cab if they need to switch off. In the morning, I guess, we’ll all have to gather and discuss the Seth situation. For me, though, it’s time to sleep, even if I’ll be doing it with one eye open, watching Seth. It’s been a shitty few days… weeks… year…


Entry 152

There’s something inside of most people that governs their actions. It’s something like an ‘on-off’ switch. The way I imagine it, the ‘on’ position keeps you civil and levelheaded. It keeps you grounded enough to think before you act and to weigh the consequences of those actions. In a normal society this is crucial. It’s a common bond that the majority of people share so that things can run smoothly. Granted, there are exceptions. I think we can all agree on that. I mean, sure, some people are just batshit crazy, but for the most part, we all sort of understand what is and isn’t acceptable. In fact, there are many times when the group, meaning society at large, will defend the common mindset. Think back to standing in line at a grocery store. If someone came up and cut in front of everyone, you can bet that all the people in line, even the ones ahead of the guy that cut, would ostracize the offender en masse. So, yeah, you know what I mean.
Then there’s the ‘off’ switch—something makes you snap, and you lose the ability to think. You act on pure instinct. JC spoke of this back when we were holed up in the service station. His switch flipped. He shot up those guys because he wasn’t thinking clearly. I believe he used the lion analogy, like if a lion is hungry, he’s gonna fuckin’ eat, straight up. He’s not gonna stand aside and be like, ‘Oh, sorry. You had that gazelle first, bro, so I’ll just move to the back of the line,’ because, if he did, he’d surely starve to death. If he was able to, he’d just kill the lion in front of him and fill his belly. And, if I remember correctly, it was our group that ostracized him for it—myself in particular in the form of a good, old-fashioned ass whoopin’.
That’s because I did, and still do, believe that the ‘switch’ is what makes us human. It’s why we’re special. We’re not animals, and I’d like to hold everyone to that standard, but what happens when the majority is no longer of that mindset? What happens when the people with the ‘switch’ turned ‘on’ are in the minority and most everyone else has theirs permanently in the ‘off’ position? We become animals. It almost forces the few of us who have our switches ‘on’ to turn them ‘off’ just to keep going. We become nothing more than roving packs of hyenas, scavenging and murdering to survive.
I truly believe that we don’t have to be that way, but it has to be a conscious decision. We have to try to be that way, and we have to fight to keep it. Therein lies my struggle because, by definition, the people who have switched ‘off’ can’t be reasoned with. You almost have to force them to act right. In the old days, the law ensured that to a degree. Someone acted like an asshole, and they would end up in the pokey. They’re separated from the rest of us. In some of the more heavy-handed cases, they’re eliminated, put to death. That didn’t bother us so much because we didn’t have to pull the trigger or insert the needle ourselves. That’s no longer the case. We are the law now. We are judge, jury, and executioner. Everyone’s hands are dirty. How, then, does the executioner keep his switch in the ‘on’ position?
That brings me to Seth… 
We pulled off in this little shanty town in the middle of nowhere. We were still half a day out from Kilo, and everyone needed to stop for a few. 
Kylee didn’t say anything to anyone as she passed. She wasn’t bitchy, though, just quiet. She patted Lilly on the head then slipped into a bedroll in the trailer, leaving the rest of us milling about outside. 
The town was clear—not a bernie in sight, and like an old western movie, tumbleweeds very literally rolled through the streets. Seth and Nick leaned on the side of the truck while Boyd made his way up top to scope out the area from a higher point of view. I asked Lilly if she wanted to hop out, but she politely declined. She opted to climb into the bedroll with Kylee and “snuggle,” as she put it. It was nice to see something… childish from her. I didn’t think for a second to talk her out of it.
So, I took a leak against the tire of D-Prime, and when I was through, I noticed Don standing there as if he wanted to say something. I raised my eyebrows to let him know he had my attention, and he joined me in a walk under an awning of the nearby buildings to chat in the shade.
He sighed heavily. “She doesn’t love me anymore, Dext,” he said matter-of-factly. “We had a long time to talk while we were driving. She told me, it’s just not the same. She said she’s not mad at me, and she doesn’t hate me. In fact, she said she cares for me very deeply, but it’s not love anymore. Wanna know what hurt the most?”
I raised my eyebrows once more to relay that he hadn’t lost me.
“She said she doesn’t think she ever did. It was like she was just following protocol—graduate, enlist, marry a man, have kids, blah, blah, blah. I hate to dump this on ya, man, but I don’t think anyone else would get it. Funny thing is, I think she’s got her eye on you.”
We both shared an awkward chuckle at the singular ‘eye’ comment. Punny, right? 
I didn’t know what to tell him—still don’t. Fact of the matter is that love, as in ‘romantic’ love, isn’t something that really registers with me anymore. Sure, I’m a dude, and I can’t deny the fact that at this point I’d lay the wood to the first chick that offered me a slice, but love is dangerous. It clouds the mind. Ain’t nobody got time for that, as the old saying goes. 
I tried to be supportive, though. And like most people I’ve ever known, the things you say to be supportive always come with a measure of dishonesty, or hopeless optimism, like telling Gary that everything was going to be okay as he choked out on his own blood. I patted Don on the shoulder and told him, “You don’t have to worry about me. It’s not like that for me and Kylee. Besides, we need to just focus on the task at hand. That’s keeping everyone alive until we get to the good guys. After that, everything will be okay. If anybody knows how to focus on the mission, it should be you. We need you to lead by example.” 
He offered a smile. I think I actually made him feel better. It was short lived, though, as some commotion broke out over by the truck. We dashed over to see what was up and found Seth and Nick confronting a couple of new faces, faces that were very much alive.
They were actually civil, which was a huge change from the norm. For the first time since before I could remember, no one had their weapons pointed at one another. In fact, the commotion wasn’t even hostile. Seth and Nick were helping these two, a man and a woman, stack up a bunch of provisions they had scavenged from one of the old shops along the street.
As we approached them, the man raised a hand in greeting and said, “Hey! There’s your other people now. Goddamn it’s good to see some normal folks for once. We were hidin’ in the grocery when we first saw you—weren’t sure if you were raiders or what. Jenny saw you had that little girl with you and the other woman. Now, I gotta be honest, I was a little put off by the shaved heads, but Jenny here’s a softy. She convinced me to come out and see if y’all were all right. I’m glad she did, too. We lost most of our group a while back, and we were startin’ to lose hope.”
The woman stepped forward. She was a good-lookin’ girl, but dirty and funky like the rest of us. She jutted out her hand and sweetly said, “I’m Jenny, y’all, Jenny Reck. This is my good friend Andrew Hopkins.” She winked at Nick and made it a point to add, “He’s just a good friend. We ain’t married or nothin’, hon.” Nick played it cool, but I knew on the inside he was licking his chops.
Andrew offered handshakes all around as well. He was a middle-aged guy with a bald head and a goatee. He had the look of a guy you’d see coaching his kid’s Little League team or some shit. He cut to the chase, which I appreciated, and asked us outright, “You got room for two more in that rig? We can pull our weight, I promise ya. I can drive that thing, and I’m pretty handy with a gun. And don’t let Jenny’s sweet disposition fool ya. She’s a fighter… and a helluva good cook. You give this girl a hunka squirrel, and she’ll whip up a four-course meal, the likes of which you prolly ain’t seen in a decade.”
We bantered back and forth a bit. They had a rough go of it like the rest of us. Jenny said they’d been on the road for weeks after losing half their camp to a raiding party. They moved on, barely alive and with no gear, some twenty miles before hitting a herd roughly in the direction we were heading. They were on foot, though, and had been for some time. They lost one person to a respiratory infection and everyone else that was with them to the dead before hoofing it to this town. Andrew told us they were consolidating whatever they could gather from the houses and businesses here into one of the shops and were going to try and settle in. They weren’t opposed to heading out with us, though, if we were willing to take them on.
After hanging out for a few minutes, we decided that it would only be right to bring them along with us. It wasn’t very often we saw people that were ‘switched on’ anymore. Nick and Seth were going to help them finish clearing out the building they had already started, and Andrew suggested Don and I head back across the street to see what we could find. We were about to get started when Seth suggested, “We should split up into equal numbers. We don’t need all four of us in this spot. Andrew and Jenny almost got the place finished up anyway. I’ll give them a hand here, and you and Don take Nick to the other side.”
We should’ve given that more thought, but I think everyone was high on the good vibes. No one protested, so Nick, Don, and I scooted on over to the opposite side of the road.
The first shot rang out after about fifteen minutes, and it had all three of us snapping our heads up to attention. We gave each other a glance and headed out into the street when the second shot popped. The first instinct was that they ran into some bernies on the other side, so we ran across to give them a hand. Boyd raised a hand to get our attention on the way past the trailer, but you know how it was. We were already in battle mode and jetted right past him into the building with Seth and the others.
It was a fuckin’ mess. Seth stood over the bodies of Andrew and Jenny, holding his pistol in one hand with his knife at his feet. He was covering his shoulder with his free hand, which was soaked with blood, and he had that look in his eyes.
Jenny lay there with a slice in her throat that went clean through her windpipe to her spine. Her head folded back over like a disgusting version of Ms. Pac-Man, and there was blood everywhere. When I say ‘everywhere,’ I mean it had pooled around her, nearly half an inch deep along the entire length of her body. Andrew’s face was contorted in an unnatural grimace, a single, glassy eye staring at the ceiling. He clutched his handgun in a death grip. He had suffered a single shot to the head, but it wasn’t clean. It had entered through his forehead and exited out the side, taking his left eye and half his ear with it. His brain was exposed like wrinkly pudding that oozed from the gaping wound. 
I stared at the bodies as Don said to Seth, “Shit, man. You okay? What the fuck happened?”
Seth peeked under his hand and rolled his eyes, looking beyond pissed off. He stalked up to Jenny’s body and emptied his gun into her face, not that it was necessary. Even if she turned, she’d be nothing to worry about with her head flopping back like that. “That motherfucker shot me! He fuckin’ shot me!”
Don tried to control the situation and calmly said, “How bad you hit? Can you move it? Jesus! Why? They seemed fine!”
Seth stormed outside and stood in the street, still clutching his wound. Kylee and Lilly, awakened by the gunfire, stood at the rear of the truck, staring blankly at him. He kicked the dirt and shouted, “Motherfucker! Ahhh! This shit hurts!” He turned back to us and said, “I’m in there helping them unload the shelves, and that bitch tells him, ‘Now. Do it.’ He raised his piece at me, and hit me in the shoulder. I put one in his fuckin’ head, and then the girl grabs me and gets her hand on my gun. I pulled out my knife and cut her up. What the fuck else was I gonna do?” 
At the time, we were all nodding like, ‘Yeah. You did what you had to do,’ that is until Boyd called from atop the truck, “Bullshit!”
No stutter. That’s how you know shit got real.
Seth turned and snapped at him, “Oh fuck off, Boyd! You weren’t there!”
Boyd, ever on watch, tapped his scope and said, “I m-may as well have b-been. Seen the whole thing. You k-killed those people in c-cold blood. I saw you c-cut that girl’s throat. Andrew took a shot at you to s-save her, and then you k-killed him, too.” Boyd addressed everyone. “Don’t believe him! He m-m-murdered those people.”
Nick stared at Seth. “Seth… what the fuck?”
Seth argued, but his voice shook. “No way. They moved first. I’m tellin’ you!”
Nick kept his eyes on Seth, who was still bleeding, by the way. “He ain’t lyin’, Seth. You know it, and I know it. Look at him. Fuckin’ look at him! He’s got his eyes right on mine. He’s not wringin’ his hands. He’s not tapping his heel. What did you do, Seth?” Nick was shouting angrily now, “What did you do?”
Still clutching his arm, Seth teared up. He roared and ran face-first into the trailer, slamming his head. Repeatedly, one after another, he slammed his forehead into the side of the truck until his blood smeared across its white surface. He bashed his own head in until he could no longer stand, collapsing to the ground in a sitting position with the side of his gun against his face. He sobbed hard now, with his elbows on his knees, and hit himself on the side of the head with the butt of his weapon, crying, “No, no, no, no, no… Get outta my head!”
Lilly was upset and scared at this point, so Kylee ushered her back into the trailer. She looked me directly in the face and demanded, “Handle this shit! Right now!” before following Lilly in to comfort her.
Nick was in a tough spot, so I don’t blame him for taking a swing at me. I suppose I could have done a better job with my approach, but instead of moving on Seth, I yoked Nick up by the back of his shirt. He reflexively came around at me with his fist and caught me square on the jaw for grabbing him. I can’t lie. That dude’s got a nasty right cross. I was seeing stars, but I held my shit together and didn’t lose my grip. I threw him towards Seth and snapped, “Get him the fuck outta here!”
Nick reached for his kukri, but Don was quick on the draw and had his gun on Nick, as did Boyd, before his hand touched it. Don said calmly, “We doin’ this? Is this how it’s gonna happen? Use your head, Nick. Think!”
Nick dropped his hand and helped Seth to his feet. He told us, “No. It’s not gonna go like that. Give me some time with him.” Nick looked at Seth disappointedly, but threw his arm around him. Seth was gone, half dazed again. He ushered Seth to the awning where Don and I had words earlier and sat him down. I watched as he gently reached into Seth’s pocket and pulled out the first-aid kit Don made and began tending to Seth. Seth flinched as Nick pulled back the vest and began cutting the shirt from around the wound. He reminded me of a big brother taking care of a sibling after a lost fight.
Don ordered us firmly, “Dext, go check on Lilly and Kylee. Stay with them. Boyd, keep watch and make sure the gunfire isn’t bringing any of them in. I’ll keep an eye on these two. We’ll give Nick the time he’s asked for—not for Seth, but for Nick.” Then he lowered his voice, saying to us, “If they act up, I’ll do it myself. Just make sure you got my back. We good?”
Boyd and I nodded. 
It’s quiet now, but I think it’s clear that the switch has been torn completely from the wall.


Entry 153

We talked about killing him, you know. How could we not have that talk? I’d never felt quite so gross as I did during that conversation. Nick and Seth were sitting just yards away, and we were debating not only killing Seth outright, but also Nick. Is that as fucked up as it sounds? Probably.
I think it’s only natural that we weren’t opposed to shooting Seth on the spot. He was a murderer. He’d had a mental implosion, and who knew how bad he would get? Shit, he may even get worse. And, at what point was he going to lose his shit and try to take one of us out? He had to die. We even tried to justify it to ourselves as a mercy killing. He was sick and unfit to be part of any group, much less ours. He was a danger to everyone around him, and even if he didn’t try to harm us directly, he might put us in a position to get hurt by something or someone else just by pulling one of his crazy-ass stunts.
Trouble was that we were all well aware that a move to kill Seth would send Nick into a rage. I was willing to bet my last bullet that even approaching the subject with Nick, without an actual decision to do so, would flip his shit. Then we’d have to kill Nick, too. That was where everyone got stuck. We just couldn’t do it. Nick hadn’t done anything towards us to deserve that. In fact, he’d been nothing but good for us thus far, and he was the only one that could sort of keep Seth on a leash. (I said, ‘Sort of.’ Of course, I realize he didn’t do such a good job at that with regards to Jenny and Andrew.) Either way, our group had murdered for revenge in the past. This wouldn’t be revenge, though. This would be something different altogether.
Nick was no dummy. He saw us huddled together, chatting. He knew something was up. So, he left Seth curled up on the ground under the awning in the fetal position, clutching his wounded arm, to come speak to us all together.
“Talkin’ about killin’ him, huh?” he began. “Well… I can’t say I blame you.”
This shocked me. I never thought he would be so cool about the whole thing. I didn’t trust his coolness for a second, though. Maybe he was baiting us, trying to get us to reveal something so he could decide what move to make. I was gonna deny it, but Lilly fucked that up for us. She told Nick, “Yup. Thought about killin’ you, too, but we can’t. You’re too nice.”
Nick chuckled, amused, and told Lilly with a smile, “Well, that’s very thoughtful of you, Lilly.” Then he shot me a look that silently said, ‘Good luck with that, motherfucker.’
Kylee cut the shit and told him, “Here’s the thing, Nick. He’s gotta go. You know it, and we know it. We can’t have him acting the way he does, especially with Lilly around, but we know how close you two are. We’re trying to come to a decision that doesn’t fuck you in the process.”
Don chimed in, saying, “I think it’s time we part ways. No one else dies. No one else gets hurt. We just agree to disagree and move on.”
Nick inhaled deeply and sighed. I didn’t envy his position at all. He leaned on the trailer and lit a cigarette, pondering the situation. We gave him the respect of keeping quiet while he mulled everything over for a few. About three drags into his smoke, he said matter-of-factly, “You leave us out here alone, and we’re dead. What’s the fucking difference between that and a bullet in the head? If he was in decent shape and without that bullet hole in his arm, we could make somethin’ happen. It wouldn’t be the first time we were alone, but with that wound and his mental state… we’re fucked. You’re not exactly being fair about this.”
Kylee scoffed and told him, “Fair? You got a lotta balls talkin’ about fair, Nick. Was it fair for those two in the store over there? Was that fucking fair?”
Nick took a deep pull off his smoke before dropping it to the ground and stomping it out. He slowly pulled his pistol from the holster attached to his thigh and checked the magazine to see how many rounds he had left before snapping it back in and chambering a round. I felt my own hand creeping towards my belt. He said calmly, “All right… Put Lilly in the trailer. She’s out. I don’t want her to be part of this.”
Kylee asked him, “You gonna do it then? You gonna be the one to put him down?”
Nick solemnly told her, “Nope. I’m gonna walk over there, stand him up, and then dare you to try and kill us. That man is my best friend. He’s my best friend in this whole piece-of-shit world, and he’s been through enough already. So, if you think I’m gonna stand here like a bitch while you execute him or allow him to die of an infection because you assholes left us out here alone, then you’re all way more fuckin’ dumb than I thought. We all deserve to die, but me and Seth… Nah… we ain’t goin’ out like that.”
He turned on his heels and began stalking back over to Seth. He snapped at Seth, “Get up! We got shit to do.”
Seth groggily moved a little bit, but not much. I managed to stop it by calling out, “Nick, wait.”
He stopped in his tracks and told me, “Save it, Dext. We had a good run. We really did, but it’s time to stop talking.”
I pleaded with him. Now, I have to mention that I wasn’t pleading because I was scared. Between Kylee, Don, Boyd, and me, we would have slaughtered them. Boyd probably would have sniped them both before Nick even raised his gun, but it wasn’t about that. It was about respect. Nick was bein’ a shouldah nigga. He was ‘ride or die,’ and that’s some shit I don’t take lightly, especially after Cutty. I’d be doing the same damn thing right now if the roles were reversed. So, yeah, I pleaded with Nick to stop. And he did.
Seth grumbled something, and Nick called to him, “Never mind. Take five.” He walked back over to me and said, “Let me tell you something…”
I spread my arms to let him know he had the floor and we were all listening. He continued, “We started in Columbus, Ohio, right in the middle of the city. I was alone when the shit really hit the fan, and all I could do was think about getting outta there. Who do you think came and saved my ass? Seth did. 
“He had his son that weekend because his bitch wife decided she was gonna ditch him four months earlier for her asshole boss and took everything he had, including his boy. Liam had just celebrated his ninth birthday two days before, and Seth wasn’t allowed to be there. Seth picked him up the day after. 
“I couldn’t get him on the phone, but it’s like we share the same brain sometimes. He knew I would want him to come get me, and that’s exactly what he did. He stole that Caddy, and they rode down my street, Liam covering his ears as Seth shot his way to my place. We made off like Butch and Sundance.
“We scraped, like everyone else did, for a few weeks, and Liam decided he wanted to learn to shoot… so he could help defend us, ya know? We didn’t know about the noise back then, didn’t know it brings them in. We didn’t even know about the head shots. That took a while to figure out, too. I promised myself that if I ever got my hands on the Emergency Broadcast Network people, I’d strangle them one by one for not telling us that.
“Seth walked down to switch out the targets, some old bottles and shit, when they came. Listen to me… one time he lapsed. He let his guard down that one time, and the dead took his boy from him. He tried with everything he had to pull him away from them. He grabbed Liam’s hand, and all he brought back was his son’s arm. That was when it started. That was when he started to lose control. It took me weeks to get his head right again. 
“We saved each other’s ass more times than I can count on the road to Vegas. We were seasoned by then. We got good at killing. Anything that posed a threat to our lives, we eliminated with extreme prejudice, and Gino made us nice and comfortable because of it. We enforced Vegas. We made Vegas! 
“Then the shit with Chalmers happened. I know that’s what did it. He heard Chalmers’ boy murdered, and it brought it all back again. That’s when he started to lose control. I can fix him. I know how to fix him. I just need time. He’s like a big mutt, ya know? He’ll kill anything he perceives as a threat to his own, but he’s loyal—loyal and lovable beyond anything you people can imagine to those who he views as family. That’s why he challenged Boyd. That’s why he did what he did to those people in there. He’s taking no chances with this group because he knows you, and Don, and Kylee, and Lilly… and now even Boyd… are his people. I don’t know what else I can say.”
I stared at Seth, lying there injured and unstable, as he tried to get comfortable on the ground. The shade of the awning was no longer covering him as the day moved on, and it was getting hotter. We had to get going.
Kylee scoffed at my decision, but I told Nick, “Fine. He lives. We’ll get him to Kilo. Maybe they got a medic that can patch him up. Once he’s been treated, though, you guys gotta go. That’s the compromise we’re offering. We’re tying him up, too, for everyone’s safety.” 
Nick shot it down immediately, saying, “No. No tying him up. He’s fucked up as it is, and his arm doesn’t look so hot. Plus, if we get into trouble, I’m not having him tied up and helpless. You get us to Kilo, and I’ll make sure he behaves until we’re there. We can keep him in the cab of the truck, away from everyone else until then. I can drive the rig. We’ll keep Don with us up there as a guard or whatever. That’s the deal.”
We shook hands and helped him get Seth into the sleeper of the truck, where Don told everyone, “I won’t take my eyes off him. He’s pretty much out of it anyway. We’ll be with Kilo before dark.”
And that’s how Nick saved his best friend’s life today, shouldah-nigga style.


Entry 154

We made it! I was gonna try to build it up so it sounded more dramatic and shit, but I’m just too damn excited. We. Fuckin’. Made. It! More than halfway across the country, countless miles, often hungry, always afraid, lost friends, the bernies, the Haven, the cross-huggers, the community, the pirates, the facility, Vegas, Nellis… Now, finally, we’ve reached them—Kilo fuckin’ Company, baby! 
I was so happy to meet Hicks, I almost went full homo and kissed him right on his face. I didn’t, though. That dude was no joke. He prolly woulda beat my ass or some shit. Regardless, I think they were just as happy to see us as we were to see them. Well, maybe not, but who cares?
I was in the back when we got there along with the others, but I was sound asleep. The entire day had just exhausted me, and Seth was heavy on my mind. Pair that with the vibration of the truck, and I was asleep in minutes. That was cool, though, because at least I didn’t have to deal with the anxiety during the last leg of the trip. The truck must’ve stopped without waking me, but the pounding on the side of the trailer had me up on my feet with my gun in my hand immediately. Once I realized what was going on, I tucked my pistol away and moved to join Lilly, Kylee, and Boyd at the rear of the trailer.
It was already full-on dark outside, but as the trailer doors swung open, we were blinded by the white wash of light from these huge stadium-style lighting rigs. When my eyes finally adjusted, my heart swelled at the sight. The four of us stood there in a tight group staring out at nearly sixty men in full combat gear, lined neatly in formation, and standing at parade rest. We were in a huge, open field with visibility for at least a mile in every direction. It was the perfect spot; plenty of time to assess an incoming threat, and plenty of room to make an escape if necessary. One man stood out in front of them, barking something that I couldn’t quite make out over the hum of the generators running the light rigs. 
As Don and Nick appeared from around the side of the trailer, half carrying Seth, Hicks approached us with two other men. The formation dissolved as the rest of them moved off to occupy whatever stations they were assigned.
Hicks looked like your typical battle-hardened marine. He was in his mid-thirties and had a short, scruffy beard that looked like he tried to keep it neat, but the circumstances wouldn’t allow it. His fatigues fit him loosely; no doubt from losing weight, but we could still tell the dude was probably ripped underneath—mostly because, even though he was stocky, his shoulders and chest were shaped like a ‘V.’ He had the unwavering glare of a leader, one that was respected even before words leave his mouth.
Hicks started to greet us, but Don didn’t give him the opportunity. He addressed Hicks immediately with, “Medic. You got a medic? We got wounded here.”
The two men trained their weapons on Seth, one of them asking nervously, “Is he bit? What’s on his fuckin’ arm? Yo! You bit? Fuck’s wrong with this guy?” 
Don answered calmly, “Gunshot, and the little girl has a neck wound. Her stitches probably need attention.”
Hicks snapped at his men, “Calm your tits, both of ya! Don’t you two silly shits think if he was bit, they woulda known how to handle it?” He turned to talk to Don as the men lowered their weapons. “You’ll have to excuse these two dickwads. They’re all a li’l jumpy after the last herd came through. Bernies tried to flank us last night, and we lost two more men. We had to put ’em down. It never gets any easier. How’d your boy get popped? Raiders? More fuckin’ pirates?”
Don shook his head and simply said, “Long story. So… about that medic?”
With a nod, Hicks called over his shoulder, “Parker! Get me Parker over here!” Some of the men to his rear looked around, but ultimately shrugged as if they couldn’t see who they were looking for. Hicks rolled his eyes and shouted again with more of an impatient tone, “Goddammit, if Parker isn’t here in five seconds, every one of you are on shit-burnin’ detail for the next week! Move your asses!”
In three seconds flat, a young man came jogging across the field towards us. The guy was about my age, maybe a bit younger, but he moved confidently. He posted up next to Hicks and said, “Sorry. I was takin’ a piss.” He noticed us and raised his eyebrows in surprise. “Holy shit! They made it!” 
Hicks nodded and told him, “Yeah. They got wounded, though. Gunshot on the guy, and the girl’s got stitches that need a look.”
Parker sized us up briefly and told the two men with Hicks, “He’s in shock. Take him into the surgery tent, and tell Big Stank to prep him. I’ll be there in a minute.”
Nick quickly piped up, “I’ll go with him.”
With a tight-lipped shake of his head, Parker said firmly, “No can do, slick. Gotta keep it sterile in there.”
Nick smiled the smile of a guy who wasn’t about to be told no and replied with a sarcastic formality, “While I appreciate what you’re sayin’, Parker, I wasn’t exactly asking you, and I encourage you to refrain from calling me ‘slick’ again. My name is Nick. Now let’s keep this civil, and I won’t have to break your legs in front of all your friends for ya. How’s that sound?”
Hicks chuckled at Nick’s comment and slapped Parker on the back. “Guy’s got balls. I’ll give ’im that!” Then he turned to Nick and said, smiling, “Listen up, slick… You’re on my soil now. If Parker says you can’t go in, then you can’t go in, simple as that. However, you’re welcome to follow ’im over there and post up outside if that’s what you wanna do. If you decide to be a clever, little prick about it, you’re also welcome to hop back in this here rig and get the fuck off my land, savvy?”
Nick grunted, but gave Hicks his way. “Fair enough.” He aided Seth along with the two of Hicks’ men toward a small village of tents in the center of the field.
Parker turned his attention to Lilly, kneeling down to her level, and said, “All right, little one, lift your head up and let me take a look.”
Lilly complied, but not before snapping, “My name is Lilly, asshole, and don’t call me ‘little’ again.” She was clearly emulating Nick, and Hicks picked up on it. 
He said to no one in particular, “The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree, does it?”
Parker ignored them both and said with a frustrated sigh, “Jesus, who performed this abortion? Fuckin’ amateurs, no doubt. These should’ve come out days ago. You’re gonna have a helluva scar, too, little lady.”
Lilly swiftly stabbed her right hand forward and caught Parker right in his Adam ‘s apple, which sent him sprawling back on his ass. He choked and sputtered for a moment as he tried to catch his breath, leaving Lilly to warn him once more, “I said… don’t call me ‘little’!”
Parker regained his composure and said to us all, “Jesus! What the hell you been teachin’ this kid?”
Hicks laughed boisterously, clearly amused at Lilly’s spunk, and told Parker, “Looks to me like they been teachin’ her exactly what she needs to know to make it out here.” He told Lilly, “Nice moves, Lilly. Let’s get you over to triage. I figure one of Parker’s boys can get those stitches out while he works on your friend. Sound all right?”
Lilly nodded at Hicks then stuck her tongue out at Parker. She held out her hand to Kylee and said, “Kylee? Can you come with me?”
Kylee looked at us almost as if she was asking our approval. I told her to go on. That left me, Don, and Boyd standing there with Hicks. He stared at Boyd for a long moment, which added to an already tense silence. “Mr. Boyd! Glad you could join us,” Hicks said jokingly. “I trust you enjoyed your break. Now, if you’d be so kind as to go see Masters over at the mess tent, he’d be happy to give you some proper clothing. Once you’re done there, make your way over to Johannes on the western side of the perimeter and tell him he’s relieved. I think Cook is still over there as well. He’ll spot for you. You’re on the scope until sunup.”
Boyd stood there silently in shock. I don’t think he was expecting to be brought right back into the fold and given any duties. I also don’t think there was any way of questioning Hicks on this, as evidenced by his follow-up of, “Boyd! You’re dismissed. Fuck outta here.” Boyd hopped to it like he never missed a beat.
Don asked Hicks, “What now?”
With a calculating look on his face, Hicks told us, “Nothin’. We’re dug in, and we’re gonna stay that way at least for the next day or three. I’m slammed right now as it is. I gotta get reports on inventory after last night’s firefight. I gotta walk the entire perimeter and take reports from the firing lines. I gotta get word to Thigpen that you all made it, albeit a little worse for wear, and I gotta get those bodies buried. Can’t have those boys lyin’ out there with nothin’ but a tarp coverin’ them up. Bad for morale, ya know?”
I asked him, “Is there anything we can help with?”
He told me kindly, “Yeah, as a matter of fact there is. Take fifteen minutes to get yourselves squared away, and meet me over there at the mess tent.” He pointed to the spot where Boyd had walked off towards a few moments earlier. “And bring your shovels.” He didn’t say another word. He spun a lazy about-face and stalked off to the tent.
If burying some more bodies is all we have to do tonight, I’m fine with that. It’ll get my mind off of Seth and Nick anyway. Sadly, I’ve gotten pretty damn good at burying people. 
But we’re here now. 
We made it!


Entry 155

Kind of ironic that I slept the last three nights surrounded by some of the most elite fighters the world has ever known, and I didn’t feel safe. It definitely had everything to do with the bright light and the loud generators. The men weren’t exactly quiet either. They hooted and hollered, played cards, cracked jokes, and all that until well into the darkness. Don’t get me wrong, though; they weren’t all jerkin’ off. Of course, the perimeter was tight, and the guard posts were well manned. It’s just that everyone seemed too comfortable with the situation.
I asked Hicks about it this morning. I was careful not to sound like I was criticizing his people or whatever, but I couldn’t help but voice my concern. He was cool about it.
He was eating some kind of ration, and he spoke around mouthfuls of food, saying, “You gotta understand somethin’, kid. These guys don’t get much time to themselves anymore. In fact, this is the first time we’ve stopped for more than a day since back east. If I don’t let them blow off steam, they all go kinda nutso. A man spends the majority of his time fighting for his life, killing everything that moves in the process, it’s easy to lose yourself in it. The guys need an element of normality to keep their heads in the game.”
I thought about that for a second. It all made sense except for one thing he said. So, I asked him about it. “Why are you guys still doing this anyway? Everything is gone. Everyone is dead in one way or another. Why even bother with a concept such as ‘duty’?” 
That offended him, I think. He didn’t say so, but his tone got a little shitty. He gave me an icy stare and said, “Because we took an oath, and we believe in that oath. The men here said they’d give their lives for their country, and they meant it. Ya see, kid, all the weak ones are dead and gone. The world swallowed them up. That’s war. All we have left are the strongest, the survivors—even you. You don’t look like much, but you’re still here. That means you’re a tough motherfucker. The way I see it, if we can get all these tough motherfuckers on the same page, this country, the whole world even, still has a chance. We are the front lines, kid, and if you think that after all the tours I’ve seen overseas that I’m gonna bite it here on our soil, you’re dead wrong. We’re marines, and we don’t run from shit. Anyone callin’ themselves a marine who ran wasn’t a fuckin’ Devil Dog in the first place. Look at Boyd, for example…”
I thought, ‘Boyd ran,’ but it was like Hicks was reading my mind. He said, “I’m not dumb. I know he took off after the convoy fell. He got scared, but he got his head right, and the Lord and Savior brought him back to us. I think you can see now that he’ll never make that mistake again. There’s not only safety in numbers, kid—there’s strength. Don’t you forget that. Now, if there’s nothing else you need to know, I got a question for you.”
I shrugged at him. Wasn’t like I had anything to do. In fact, I was kind of enjoying the break. For the past two days we’d been bustin’ our asses around there, pitching in wherever we could. Even Nick left Seth’s side for a day to move some sandbags into a better firing position for the snipers. Lilly hadn’t left the snipers alone, either. She cleaned their weapons and asked them questions about setting up and how to displace silently after taking a shot. The guys were really takin’ a shine to her. They made her tell the story about throat punching Parker dozens of times, and they busted his balls about it nonstop.
Hicks said to me, “That boy, Seth. I heard what he did. Kylee told me about his… mental state. I hear you and those two are supposed to be parting ways?” When I nodded an affirmative, he said, “Yeah, well, that ain’t gonna happen. We need everyone we can get. There’s only two groups of people left in the world—those who are with us and those who ain’t. And if you ain’t with us, you’re either gonna switch sides or die. If he don’t come around, that’s gonna be a problem—not for us, but for him, savvy?”
It was a thinly veiled threat—one that told me whatever Nick had in mind, he better get it poppin’ soon. Hicks and I shared an understanding from that point on, so I popped in on Seth.
He was alone in a tent that I could only assume was a recovery station of some sort. His head still had some bruising and scratches from the trailer, and his arm was in a neat sling, held tightly against his body. I’d expected him to be resting, but instead I found him using the side of his cot as an incline as he did some push-ups with his good arm. He looked better considering the last time I saw him. He stopped when I came in and gave me a quiet, “Hi,” which I returned in kind.
He started saying, “Look… um… my bad back there.” He let out a nervous laugh and said, “I, uh, kinda lost my shit.” 
I told him firmly, “Yeah, you lost your shit all right, and you almost lost more than that. You aren’t Mr. Popularity if you get my drift. You got the group scared shitless, and we had to seriously discuss what to do about you. You almost got Nick killed, too, ya know?”
He frowned. “I know. He told me about everything. I wish he knew how much I appreciate what he said to you guys, saving me and all—saving us, rather. I dunno, man. What’s all this for? What are we fuckin’ doin’ here? We got the Goddamn military on our side, and we’re sitting around with our thumbs in our asses. We’ve got the only people in the fuckin’ world that might hold a way to fix everything that’s gone wrong, and we’re doin’ jack shit about it. I dunno, Dext. It’s fucked up, man. Why even bother if we’re all gonna die in the end?”
I didn’t have an answer for him. I wasn’t a psychologist, and I’d never talked anyone down, so to speak. I asked him, “Then why did you start fighting in the first place?”
He said wistfully, “My son—all I cared about was keeping him safe. Nick said he told you about that day. After I lost him, I didn’t want to do anything but take out my rage and my guilt on anyone and anything. Then there was Vegas. I hoped for a new start in Vegas and actually had it. Then that got fucked up, too. If I don’t have something specific to drive me forward, then I’m as good as dead. I’m just over it, man.”
I told him that he still had a place with us if he wanted it. I really tried to convince him that we needed him, because when he was on his game, he had the chops to keep us all safe. He just needed to learn how to draw the line. I don’t think he was listening, though. Matter of fact, he pretty much just kept on doing push-ups while I talked. When I was through, he asked me, “We done here?”
I walked out of the tent to find the men breaking camp and everyone hurriedly loading vehicles. I managed to catch Parker on the way by, and I asked him, “What’s goin’ on?”
He said over his shoulder as he rushed past me, “Thank God we got Boyd’s eyes back. Massive herd incoming from the east, and we gotta blow the bridge!”
I shouted to him as the distance between us grew, “Everyone?”
He called back, “Yeah! We never split up anymore—too dangerous. We all go! Get your people in that rig right now!”
Just then, Lilly and Kylee came running up with Don shortly behind them. I filled them in quickly before Nick and Seth appeared together again and approached us from the tents. I told Don to get Lilly and Kylee in the truck and do it quickly as Nick said, “Ah, shit, I forgot! I guess we’ll find another ride.”
I tossed Nick the keys to D-Prime and told him, “You’re driving. Now help me get Seth in the cab. We don’t split up anymore—too dangerous.”
Nick grinned widely and exclaimed, “You got it, man!”
The bridge they spoke of was only about a mile past the edge of the field, and we were towards the rear of the line of vehicles. By the time we had come to a complete stop, the Kilo trucks had already emptied, and the men had taken up firing positions in preparation to hold the line. The sky was blacked out with birds as the stench of the approaching horde wafted around us.
It wasn’t a pretty demolition by any stretch due to the rationing of explosives and the hurried setup, but when that fucker blew, it went up big! Chunks of concrete and clouds of dust rained down into the ravine below before the mass of the bridge collapsed on itself, cutting off the approach of nearly four hundred of the wandering dead that packed the other side. I’m sure if this were a movie, the bernies would have been already packed tightly on the bridge and it would’ve blown at just the right second to save our asses. To tell the truth, though, we were dealing with professionals. We had plenty of time before the bernies got there. In fact, we were already backing up the vehicles when the first of many began tumbling over the side and splatting onto the train tracks below.
We began our return to the field, now with D-Prime just behind the lead vehicle since we had all just turned around where we were parked. That was when Nick made his move.
Something on the other side of the highway caught his attention, and he yanked the wheel hard to the right, taking the first exit and nearly getting us rear-ended by the vehicles behind us. I was like, “Nick! What the fuck, dude?” and Seth winced as the whipping of the truck made him bump his injured arm. Nick snapped, “I figured it out!”
The trucks behind us reacted quickly enough to follow us down the ramp, and I watched the lead truck back up once they had all cleared. It fell in behind the rest of us. When we came to a stop, Hicks came running up to us, and he was pissed! He got up in Nick’s face and was like, “Just what in the fuck do you think you’re doing? This is my fucking command, and you will never pull that shit again. Am I making myself clear?”
Nick raised his eyebrows as if to say, ‘Watch me,’ and simply banged on the side of D-Prime, causing Lilly and the others to bail out and approach us. Many of the marines also began popping out of their vehicles and doing little minisweeps of the area. They signaled that all was clear.
Hicks was still jawing to an oblivious Nick as he turned to Lilly and said, “Hey Lilly, wanna see something cool?”
Lilly shrugged and replied curiously, “Sure. Whatcha got?”
Nick pointed to the giant store in front of us and said, “Ever heard of this place?”
Lilly wrinkled her nose and read the huge, multi-colored sign. “Toys… R… Us? Toys? Tooooys!” she chirped and clapped her hands merrily.
Hicks protested and told Nick, “Oh, hell no! This is not fucking happening…”
With a smirk, Nick told Kylee and Don, “This is happening. This is happening right now!”
One of the marines piped up and said, “Aw, c’mon, Hicks! Have a heart! Let the girl play for a minute!” Soon, there was a chorus of cheers and playful ribbing from the men directed at Hicks to the tune of, “Yeah, ya grumpy, old man! Let the girl have some fun, will ya?”
Hicks huffed and looked to the sky as if asking for help, calculating the will of his men and the puppy eyes that Lilly was shooting in his direction. He sighed and said, “Oh, fuck me,” before raising his voice and calling out the orders. “Masters, Gentry! Take Big Stank and sweep the loading dock! Boyd, Claren! Cover the road and watch for anything circumventing the bridge! Parker, Moses, and the rest of you take point. Clear the store! We got one hour! Move your asses!” He turned to Nick and lowered his voice, saying firmly, “Once! Just this once! But don’t fuck with me again, savvy?”
The men of Kilo gave a cheer to Hicks, and we spent the next hour in the toy store. We let Lilly go apeshit. Hell, even some of the Kilo boys went crazy in there, too. Some were joking and playing around with the Nerf guns, while others were wiring up the video games and trying to play football and shit. It was a blast. We smiled. We laughed. Lilly looked like a child again, not a soldier. Shit, we all looked like children for that short time.
I approached Nick and put my hand on his shoulder. “Nice job, man. I think everybody needed this.”
He shook his head and pointed down the aisle at one person and one person only. I watched as Seth sat beside Lilly, setting miniature furniture up inside a huge, plastic mansion. Lilly was holding a mommy doll, and she was pretending to feed a little baby. She spoke quietly and gently to the child, saying, “Heeeere comes the airplane… Good boy! That was a big bite!” Seth glanced up and saw the two of us watching them. He smiled softly and winked at us.
Nick leaned in and told me, “Now he has something to fight for… He just had to see it.”
We have about fifteen minutes left by Hicks’ watch. After that we’ll return to the field and make contact with Thigpen. We’re about to take back our country, one tough motherfucker at a time.


Entry 156

Hicks briefed the men after his conversation with Thigpen, which he took in private. I would have given my left nut to be a fly on the wall during that little chat. The briefing was concise and to the point, but the contents scared the shit outta me. I suppose I have to relay it even though I’m not that into the ‘mission.’
First, let me explain a little geography, as told to us by Hicks. Fort Bragg in California is not a fort. It’s not even a military base at all. Sure, there’s an actual fort called Bragg. It’s a huge army installation in North Carolina. Almost everyone has heard of it at some point or another. We’re talking about something completely different.
Fort Bragg in California is a town, a tourist trap. A long time ago it was indeed used by the military, but it was just a garrison. I guess they needed a point of power in the area while we raped and pillaged the Native Americans of what was rightfully theirs. Some things never change. It was abandoned in 1867 or some shit. I’m terrible with history, which is hilarious when you consider that I’m more or less writing history at this very moment. When the second wave of the plague really settled in, the colonel dug his men in there because of its strategic position.
To the west of the town is the Pacific Ocean. That offers a great escape route. Rumor has it that there are a number of warships and a carrier still anchored off the coast in case the need arises for a hasty retreat to sea. Thigpen said he’d been in contact with the navy on that end, and they’re willing to play ball. They have refused to attack the town or aid us with regards to the colonel, but they have agreed to turn away any escapees from Bragg under the false pretense that they have quarantined themselves due to an outbreak aboard the vessels. It’s a bullshit story, but I couldn’t care less.
To the north and northeast is mountainous terrain. Anything coming from that direction is gonna have a helluva time gettin’ by. Not only is it hard as shit to navigate, but it’s also full of its own threats. Everything from the indigenous wildlife to falling rocks and landslides pose a serious problem for both the living and the dead. Hicks said an approach from that direction isn’t impossible, but it’s stupid because no vehicles could come with us. We’d have to hump all the gear ourselves on top of the crap I’ve already mentioned. Therefore, it’s out.
The Noyo River is to the south and runs parallel to the town. The colonel destroyed all the bridges and used heavy explosives to tear up the land near the shallow sections. This has been confirmed by the last scouting reports from the F-15s. The last-known flights were more than a month ago, and there’s no reason to assume that anything has changed with regards to the terrain. That leaves one way in and one way out. No doubt it’s heavily guarded, too.
But wait, it gets worse. We’ll be approaching from the east, using the only known roadway left these days. Hicks called it “The Gauntlet.” It runs past two townships that are completely infested, and it funnels into a large valley dubbed “The Choke Point.” The valley itself is home to the largest-known herd on the books. Rumor has it that the dead number well into the thousands there, and the pilots doing the flyovers described it as a literal “dead sea.” There will be no air support. There will be no reinforcements. It’s just us. 
Not one single man or woman in the entire bunch raised an eyebrow. Not one person took issue with the details or paled with the same fear I was feeling. Shit, even Lilly was like, “Gonna kill a lotta them…”
So, I did it. I raised my hand and asked Hicks flat out, “Why are we not saying, ‘No, nope… noooooope… no fuckin’ way’? The odds are just silly. And provided we get through it at all, we’ll prolly take more casualties than it’s worth. I bet we won’t even have enough men to put up a fight by the time we get there—if we get there at all.”
Hicks listened to my concerns quietly and attentively. He nodded as I made my points, and when I was finished, he raised his voice to the group and said, “Anyone else share Mr. Baxter’s concerns?”
Not a peep.
He turned back to me and said, “You’re welcome to stay behind if you like.”
I shook my head and said, “When we leavin’?”
Hicks told everyone that we would leave at dawn and encouraged those that pray to do so now more than ever. When he was through discussing some load-out details with Parker, he pulled me aside with Lilly, Kylee, and Don. He told us, “I have some good news for you.”
About fuckin’ time!
“Oh yeah? What’s that?”
He continued with, “You remember that little whirlybird that saved your asses at Nellis?”
We nodded.
“She’s comin’ back for you—Well, not exactly all of you. Kylee, Don, and Lilly are outta here. What we’re about to do here is gonna be a mess. Apparently, my superior feels that Don and Kylee are far too important to the cure effort to be put at such risk. And Lilly, pardon my use of the term, is a kid. Kids got no place in a fight like this. I suggest you say your good-byes and make your peace. The bird’ll be here in about four hours.”
Kylee balked at the thought and snapped, “You can’t do that! We’re all together in this. If Dext and the others can’t go, then I’m not going anywhere either.” 
Don expressed the same sentiment, and Lilly said forcefully, “This is bullshit!”
Hicks shrugged and told us flatly, “Not an option. The bird seats four people including the pilot. I have my orders, and now you have yours. We’d prefer to do this the nice way, Staff Sergeant, but we’re prepared to treat you as hostiles if we have to. Too much is riding on you two. It’s not about you anymore, I’m sorry to say.”
Kylee stood there dumbfounded as Hicks stalked off to begin breaking camp. Her lip quivered a bit, and she ran off toward the mess tent. Don told me, “I’ll go talk to her. She’s just upset. We’ll catch up shortly.” He took Lilly by her hand, and they followed in Kylee’s footsteps.
Wasn’t long before Seth and Nick came popping around the side of D-Prime to have words with me. Seth started by saying, “I heard the whole thing. Sorry to hear you’re assed out, but you can’t argue that it’s for the best.” 
Nick agreed. “Still sucks a big bowl of dicks, though. We don’t have to do this, ya know. We can just ride off into the sunset in this big-ass truck and let these guys do their thing. The important shit is done. Kylee and Lilly are safe.”
Seth added, “Don, too. They’ll be all right now.”
“Fuck Don.” I shocked myself as the words left my mouth. It was true, though. I honestly gave zero shits about Don. The only reason he meant anything to anyone was this cure business. Even Kylee was over it. I mean, he was a nice enough guy and all, but he wasn’t even on my radar. “I’ll be alone.”
Seth shook his head. “Nah. You ain’t alone, man. We got yer back, Jack.”
I snickered and told him, “Shit, man. You sound like Lilly. Speaking of which…” I glanced over at Nick.
Nick shook his head and told me, “It’s fine. Just because she isn’t around doesn’t mean he’s gonna lose his shit again. Ain’t that right, Seth?”
Seth shrugged. “I’m not stoked about it or anything, but Nick and I talked. It’s bigger than that. We’re about to do something that’ll be remembered forever so long as we don’t fuck it up. We can fix this shit a little at a time. It’s not just about Lilly. It’s about making a better place for any kids that are left—the ones that made it.”
Nick punched Seth in his bad arm and said, “Don’t make it sound so faggy! We’re about to go fuck some shit up! That’s what’s about to happen.”
Seth howled as the pain shot through him, and he growled, “Ouch, assfuck! That shit isn’t funny!”
Nick grinned and told him, “Put your tampon in, and let’s go figure out how to make you useful with that arm.”
They gestured for me to join them, but I waved them off politely. “No, thanks. I’m gonna go spend some time with the others before the chopper gets here. I’ll catch up in a few.”
I don’t know what I’ll say to them, but I better make it count. Might be the last time I ever see them.


Entry 157

At first Kylee wasn’t ready to talk. I found her with Lilly and Don in the mess tent, and no one else was around. Don said he kicked everyone out and told them they could break it down later. Kylee was still sobbing a little, but I could tell it was turning to anger. I tried to say something to them, but it was just diarrhea of the mouth. Don asked for a few more minutes with her and suggested I take Lilly out so they could speak privately. I begrudgingly obliged.
Lilly and I chatted on the way across the field to Seth and Nick. I asked her how she was feeling, and she told me, “I don’t know. I’ve never been happy and sad at the same time—and mad, too, ya know? Like all together?”
I remember sighing, because I knew what she meant. Must have been tough for a kid her age, though, having never felt those mixed emotions before. She was growing up so fast. (Hmph… I must sound like an old man.) I told her maybe it would be helpful if she explained why she felt each one of those things.
She wrinkled her nose, like she always did when she was thinking carefully, before saying, “I’m happy because I think we’ll be safe when they take us away from here. They must have a pretty good hiding spot. But I’m also sad because you can’t go with us. I don’t wanna leave you and the other guys here. It sounds like there’s gonna be a lot of trouble, lotta fighting. You guys need me to keep you safe. I’m good, ya know?”
I smiled and gave her an encouraging nod of approval. “Yeah, you’re good all right. We’re sure gonna miss you, too, Lilly, more than words can describe. Why do you think you’re mad?”
She huffed and stopped her walking, crossing her arms defiantly. “Because I wanna kill some Goddamn bernies. That’s why. And I wanna be the one to shoot the colonel. I wanna tell him how much we hate him and how mean he was, then boom, right between the eyes.”
I couldn’t help it. I laughed. She was just too damn cute sometimes. I spotted Seth and Nick a few yards ahead and suggested to Lilly, “How about we go and take it out on Seth? Sound good?”
She eyed me up and said, “Better than nothin’, I guess.”
We found Nick and Seth just about to start another round of sparring. Nick was wielding his blade in his right hand, but the sheath was lashed tightly onto it, preventing any actual slicing and dicing. In his left, he gripped his pistol. It was unloaded, and the chamber was clear.
He barked at Seth, who was wearing one of his gauntlet things on his good arm with his other arm lashed tightly to his body by the sling. “C’mon, man, you gotta move smoother than that! Every time you block with your right, you’re still acting like you can retaliate with your left. That shit is no good. You’re not boxing anymore. You gotta block, then move the hell outta there so you can wind up and strike.”
Seth was frustrated—not at Nick, but at himself. He knew Nick was right. Nick swung his kukri once more with an overhand slash, which Seth blocked easily.
Bam!
Nick pistol-whipped the shit out of him. “See! Told you!”
Seth spat on the ground, shaking his head to clear it. He got his bell rung on that one. I almost chided Nick for being so rough, but Seth shouted, “Goddammit! Again!”
Another swing. This time Seth blocked it and backed away quickly, leaving Nick swinging the butt of the pistol at nothing but air.
“Good! Again! This time, if you fuck up, I’m knockin’ you out. Got it?”
Seth nodded and said playfully, “Come at me, bro!”
Nick swung hard with his blade a final time, and Seth parried it off wide and to the right, leaving Nick horribly overextended. With the style of a UFC fighter, Seth continued his motion in a full spin and backhanded Nick across his face with the iron fist. It knocked him to his knees, sputtering blood and drool to the grass at our feet. He got his legs back under him and stretched his jaw, running his tongue along his teeth to make sure they were all still in place. As Seth celebrated less than modestly, Nick cracked his neck and said, “Nice. You still hit like a bitch, though.”
They bumped fists, and Seth took off the gauntlet. Time for some gunplay evidently. Nick told Seth, “I’ll be a bernie. You gotta reload one-handed before I get to you. Lilly’s gonna do her best to distract you. You up for that, Lilly?”
Lilly asked, “How?” and Nick replied, “Anything you want. Your call.” She rubbed her hands together evilly. “Gotcha!”
Seth held his pistol in his good hand with the slide locked back as if he ran out of ammo mid-fight. He had an empty magazine tucked in his belt, ready to imitate a one-handed reload. As Nick began his approach from about ten feet away, clumsily shuffling like the dead, Seth fumbled to retrieve the magazine. He bent over slightly to grab it with his bound hand. It worked out for him, but as he tried to bring the gun close to his body and insert it, Lilly kicked him in the back of the knee. The magazine tumbled to the ground uselessly.
Seth howled in pain as Nick reached for him and pulled him to the ground. “You’re dead. Let’s go again.”
They repeated the task a few more times with Lilly getting more creative in her approach. The worst was when she kicked him square in the balls from behind. He toppled like a house of cards, clutching his junk. As the frustration mounted, he gave it one more effort. Once again, the magazine went tumbling to the ground as Nick was within five feet of him. Lilly scooped up the magazine and smoothly brought it up into the gun for him, sliding it into place neatly while Seth still held the pistol on Nick. The second it hit home he clicked the slide release, chambering the ghost round, and met Nick with the barrel to his forehead. 
Click!
He squeezed the trigger and mocked the execution. “Dead bernie…”
Lilly smiled up at the two of them and said coolly, “That’s why you need me, boys.” She spun around and told me, “I’m gonna go say good-bye to Boyd.” She ran off, leaving us there scratching our heads. 
The timing of her exit was pretty good, though, because I spotted Kylee over at D-Prime. She stood alone and raised her hand to call me over. I left Seth and Nick to their practice and joined her at the rear of the truck, where she swung the doors open. “Get in.”
I hopped up into the trailer and gave her a hand, pulling her up. I opened my mouth to speak, but she grabbed me before my first word, pressing her lips to mine. This wasn’t just a good-bye kiss, though. This was hungry and eager. I didn’t stop her, I’ll tell you that much. In seconds we were on the ground on one of the bedrolls, and the clothes were hitting the floor.
She put it on me, man. I’ll spare you the gory details, but it was awesome. I’d be talkin’ shit if I said I rocked it, because I haven’t done it in a loooong time. Matter of fact, I wasn’t counting, but it was over sooner rather than later. We lay there on the floor, collapsed in a sweaty, panting heap for a good while, before she said softly, “I don’t want to leave.”
I held her closely and told her, “I don’t want to stay.”
She sighed. “What then?”
I didn’t know. Life wasn’t fair. None of this was fair, but it was what it was. The importance of Kylee’s ability to survive the bites and the implications that had for everyone left was just too big. She had to go. I was entitled to be selfish, though, dammit. This was my life, too, and we only got one shot at it. So far, it’d been pretty shitty, to put it mildly, but at least we’d had each other to lean on. I didn’t know how I could even go on without that. Luckily, Kylee was a lot slyer than people gave her credit for.
We held each other in silence until the familiar thumping of the helicopter approached in the distance. My stomach dropped, and I felt sick. Time was up. We dressed ourselves and exited the trailer just as the chopper was touching down on the other side of the field.
As we ran over to it, Hicks and some of his men assembled to see us off, along with Boyd, Seth, and Nick. I knelt down and hugged Lilly tightly. “I love you, Lil. You keep Kylee and Don safe, all right?”
She put her lips to my ear and said, “I got their backs, Jack,” then she kissed me on the cheek. “Love you, too, Dext.”
Fuck. I was crying.
The blades were drowning out almost everything, so I raised my voice to Don as I shook his hand. We wished each other good luck before he stepped aside to say his good-byes to the others and I found myself face-to-face with Kylee once again. She wrapped her arms around me and said into my ear, “This isn’t happening. Back my play.”
Before I could respond, she drew her weapon and called out, “Hey, Hicks!”
He turned to face her and scowled, the color leaving his face. “Don’t you even think about it,” he warned her firmly.
She pressed the gun to her own head, determined, and said to him, “I’m staying, and if any of your men put a hand on me, I’ll blow my brains out right here on the spot. Then you can explain that to your Goddamn superiors. Savvy, motherfucker?”
Hicks angrily shouted at her over the roar of the helicopter, “You can’t do that! If you die, we lose everything! They need you both!”
She stared at him coldly with her good eye and said, “They can have me! But I got unfinished business, so today is not the day!”
She glanced at me.
I drew my pistol and trained it on Don. He looked scared shitless, so I gave him a subtle wink. He played along, thankfully. I spoke up, “Anybody have a problem with that?”
Hicks stood his ground. “Baxter! Drop that fuckin’ gun, boy!”
I refused. “No way, Hicks! We’ve been through too much. We’re seein’ this through, or we’re gonna die trying! It’s not your call anymore!” I turned to Don and told him, “Get in the chopper, Don. Go!”
Don did as he was told, but not before smiling at me and saying, “Go get him, Dext. And take care of them—all of them.”
I nodded and looked down at Lilly. “Go on, Lil.”
She scoffed at me and grinned widely. “Nope!”
Kylee told her, “Lilly! Go on! Get in the helicopter!”
Lilly stepped in between Seth and Nick and shouted, “I’m staying! If anybody’s got a problem with that, they can talk to my boys!”
Hicks gestured for the men to stand down and yelled to Kylee, “You gotta lotta balls, Staff Sergeant! But if you fuck this up, it’s on you. We can’t guarantee your safety!”
Seth spoke up, saying, “We can. No one is putting this on you, Hicks. It’s our fight, too.”
With a deep breath and silent admission of defeat, Hicks waved the chopper off. The door slid shut, and it lifted easily into the darkness, taking Don off to the safety of Thigpen and the rest of the command, somewhere.
Hicks was disgusted. He held his shit together, though. I’ll give him credit for that. He rubbed his eyes to clear the dust from the chopper and called out to his men, “All right, shit-birds, show’s over! Quit standin’ around with your thumbs up your asses, and get some shit done!”
We won that battle, but the war is just beginning.


Entry 158

We slowed to a stop about a mile outside the first city. While the city was still barely visible in the distance, the presence of the dead was once again marked by a black cloud of birds hovering above it.
Most exited their vehicles and milled about the street, chatting amongst themselves in small groups until Hicks called everyone to order. He had demanded earlier that Lilly and Kylee ride with a group of his men, instead of with us in D-Prime, for added protection. The two of them made their way to stand with me, Seth, and Nick while Hicks handed out his orders.
He broke off a small contingent of four men and designated them as our ‘recon squad.’ Their job was to take one of the Hummers and approach to within a quarter mile of the city, then dismount and hoof it in quietly to get a feel for the area. They would be given one hour, and one hour only, to complete the task. If, for some reason, they didn’t return within the allotted time, he would send a slightly larger group to follow-up, extract them if possible, and rendezvous back with us to regroup and replot. He finished by saying, “If the recon fails, we’re already in the shit. Anyone wanna volunteer for the follow-up? Sound off now.”
Surprisingly, a mass of positive voices flooded him, causing his chest to swell with pride. An approving smile creased his lips, and he pointed at seven of them, confirming their jobs. The rest were left sighing or cursing under their breaths at having not been chosen. Once that was settled, he ordered the recon squad to double-check their climbing gear and urged them to stick to the rooftops if at all possible.
They left behind the cheers of their fellows after a chorus of well-wishes and friendly advice, and as the Hummer disappeared into the blurry haze ahead of us, an ominous quiet settled in. The new war was underway, and we all knew it.
Kylee told Lilly, “Check your ammo, load your spare, and be ready to go at any moment.”
Lilly nodded and said with a determined, expressionless face, “Done.”
Kylee squinted at her with her good eye and said firmly, “Check them again.” 
To which Lilly again replied without emotion, “Done.”
Good girl.
Hicks interrupted them and told us, “Yeah, that won’t be necessary—for either of you. Get to the rear, and stay put. You two won’t be fighting unless the shit truly hits the fan.”
Kylee and Hicks argued back and forth about it until he finally gave in a little. “Look, I don’t have time for this shit. If you wanna participate so badly, fine, but you’re still in the rear. Find Boyd. You can spot for him if that eye of yours is still worth a shit, and the girl can run ammo. Deal?”
That didn’t help. Kylee was still pissed, but she relented, grunting at him, “Fine.” She couldn’t help but to mutter quietly under her breath, “Asshole…”
They made their way out of my sight, but not before Kylee whispered to me, “You better make sure you live through this. I’m not done with you yet.” She didn’t say it sweetly, though. She said it like she wanted the D. I tried to play it cool and winked at her before watching her go.
Seth and Nick waited for her to be out of earshot before busting my nuts about it. Seth was like, “You hit that yet or what?”
My shoddy attempt at modesty was lost on both of them due to their uncanny ability to spot the bullshit, though. I waved it off, but Nick smirked and said, “Yeeeeah, he got it done. Look at that stupid grin on his face.”
Goddammit. 
I could feel my cheeks burning red as Seth added, “Best thirty seconds of her life, am I right, Dext?”
I was busted. I flipped them the bird with both hands, and we all had a chuckle over it.
As the minutes ticked by, the weight of the day began to settle on our shoulders—all of us. You could see it on most of the Kilo boys, too, as plain as shit on a white rag.
Aside from the handful of snipers, the majority of the guys were wielding their combat shovels instead of firearms to conserve ammo. They were these short, little shovels that they called “e-tools.” Some of the guys were scraping them across the concrete of the road to further sharpen the edges. Parker explained that it was short for ‘entrenching tool,’ which was a collapsible spade that was used for everything from digging out firing positions to filling sandbags. “They make a handy melee weapon,” he explained, “because their solid construction is great for tearing into the skulls of both the living and the dead alike.” Parker’s features fell slightly when he added, “Sad to say that almost every e-tool in a hand today has been used to dig a grave for a friend at some point, too.”
While the men of Kilo looked tough and ready to go, their white knuckles and jittery movements belied their outward appearance. Hicks marched nervously, but confidently, through their ranks, checking up on his boys and ensuring morale stayed up. He was shorter than most of them, but something about him made him seem like he towered above even the tallest man in the company. Parker noticed me watching him and told me, “I’d follow that man straight into hell if he ordered it. We all would.”
Nick leaned forward to light Seth’s cigarette before lighting his own and noted, “You’re about to, Parker. We all are.”
My moment to reflect on that statement was cut short by the engine sound of the recon team’s Hummer speeding towards our position. The tension in the air seemed to lift slightly as everyone came to the realization that they made it back in one piece, or so we thought.
Three of the four men in the Hummer bailed out quickly and jetted to the rear of the vehicle, one of them shouting, “Parker! Medic! Get your ass over here now!”
They threw open the rear and drug out their fourth man, what was left of him, and laid him on the pavement. He was conscious and screaming in pain as he writhed, feebly trying to stuff his own guts back into his torn abdomen. I couldn’t even tell what was hanging out of him, to be honest. It was just a mass of intestines surrounded by bloody, coagulated bits. I covered my mouth to hold in a dry heave at the sight of the gobs of pale, yellowish fat that spilled from the edges of the wound.
Others rushed to gather around, including Kylee and Lilly. Lilly gasped at the sight and clung to Kylee for comfort.
Parker pushed his way through, and his eyes boggled at the mess at his feet. “Jesus, it’s Riggs… What happened to him? Is he bitten?”
One of the recon guys spouted at him, “No. If he was bitten, we would’ve handled it. They just tore him open real bad, man. You gotta fix him, Parker, c’mon. Fuckin’ fix him!”
Parker nervously tried to assess the situation and find a place to start, but it was useless. He just knelt there, clueless of how to even begin his work and rubbing the sweat from his head. “I… I can’t fix this. I can’t!”
The young man on the ground couldn’t have been more than twenty years old. He continued to claw at his innards, shouting at Parker, “Parker, please! You gotta do something. I’m dying…” He actually said the words. I think that was when it became real even to him. Up until then it was just the shock of the moment, the blur of action and fear and adrenalin. But now, as he lay dying in his own spew, the words left his mouth and death was real, knocking on the door. “I’m… dying… Oh fuck! I’m dying, Parker!”
The men around Parker began shouting at him more fiercely than before, “Fuckin’ do somethin’, Parker! Fix it!”
Parker welled with tears of frustration before turning to the men and snapping angrily, “I can’t! I can’t!” His feverishness dissolved into despair, and he looked down at the boy. I call him a boy because, in that moment, he looked like it. He looked like a scared, little boy. “I’m sorry, Riggs. There’s… there’s just nothing we can do.”
Riggs looked into the sky and swallowed hard. In that moment, he became a man as he accepted his death. He struggled to catch another breath and exhaled deeply. He looked Parker in his eyes and said through bloody teeth, “Put me down then. It hurts too much. Please… just shoot me, Parker.”
Hicks stepped forward and spat disgustedly at the situation. His face was one of sorrow and disappointment, but also resolve. He knelt beside Riggs and Parker and put his hand on Riggs’ chest, speaking directly. “Listen, son. The battle ahead of us is gonna be a long one. It’s gonna be even longer without you by our side. I want you to know that. Everyone here wants nothing more than to see you shake this off, but we all know that can’t happen. And I’m sorry about that—so sorry, I really am. But we also need every round of ammo and every bit of morphine we have. It breaks my heart to see you suffer like this, but we can’t put you down right now. You’re gonna have to be strong and ride it out until the end. Your brothers will stay here by your side until it’s over, savvy? All of us. We ain’t goin’ nowhere until you get a proper burial.”
Riggs’ bloody lips quivered as Hicks spoke, but he shakily nodded his head and took his orders. He fought for another breath and winced at the pain that surely shot through every ounce of his being. I felt sorry for him. It was different this time for me. There was none of that ‘better him than me’ feeling this time. 
The men of Kilo barked their displeasure at the decision Hicks made, and some could be heard complaining, “C’mon, Hicks. Give him something for the pain at least. Don’t just let him lay there.”
Hicks popped to his feet and spun around to face the crowd that had gathered. “You think I like this? You think I fuckin’ want this? The ammo we have is all we have. The morphine we have is all we have, and it could very well save the life of any one of you. But Riggs is gone. He sacrificed himself so that we can fight another day! I don’t fucking want this for him any more than you do, but that’s why it’s my decision to make. It’s my guilt to carry, not yours!”
The faces in the crowd fell somber as Hicks spoke to them, earnestly defending his position. Riggs’ coughing, sputtering, and whimpering landed on our ears like thunderclaps between Hicks’ words, adding to the desperation of the passing moments.
Boom!
Every man on the ground flinched as the shot rang out. The bullet crashed into Riggs’ skull, snapping his head back into the concrete and spilling his brains to the pavement to join the rest of his insides. Wide-eyed and mouths agape, the crowd stood stunned at the identity of the shooter.
Lilly holstered her smoking gun and said sadly, “It’s not right. It’s just not right to let him hurt like that.” She looked up at Hicks, standing there speechless, and told him, “That’s not wasting ammo. That bullet stopped him hurting, and you should be ashamed of yourself.”
She tucked herself into Seth’s side as if expecting Hicks to lash out at her, but he didn’t. Hicks stared at her for a long moment before stalking off to the rear of the convoy, rubbing his face.
Parker told the three men from the recon team, “I’m sorry. I’m sorry I couldn’t do anything. Give Hicks a minute then go give him your report. The rest of you start digging the grave.”
I helped them dig.


Entry 159

One city down, but not without more death. I had nearly forgotten how vicious they are in large groups. They’re a lot like us that way—power in numbers. It’s just that their numbers will always be higher than ours, no matter how many we exterminate, and that scares the shit outta me.
The goal was never to eradicate them from the cities ahead of us; nor were we even hoping to diminish their ranks. We just have to get past them. I can’t help but find it darkly humorous that the targets for extermination this time around are more of the living. How ironic? Especially when you consider that a personal victory for us at the end of the line is, by definition, a defeat for humanity. What a fucked-up and double-edged sword—kill the dead to protect the living; kill the living to protect the living. I’m left to wonder if that’s the greater plan. Is that vengeful son of a bitch some men call God forcing us to kill each other off in the name of survival? What a cruel joke.
It is the time of our extinction. Like the dinosaurs, an asteroid slammed into us and killed many on impact. Still more died in the aftermath, and whatever was left killed each other, scrambling for the resources to survive. The dead are our asteroid, the aftermath was our journey to this point, and we are whatever’s left.
Hope is dead in the form of the child. Innocence died with Wyatt. Happiness died with Trey. Family died with Rebecca. Redemption died with JC. Friendship died with Cutty. All that’s left to die now is love. Kylee is love, and the lump in my throat right now tells me that it’s all I have left. Or maybe I’m just too much of a pussy to admit I’m already dead—just waiting in line for my turn. I hate life, but I can’t seem to let it go for some reason.
The recon team must have given their report to Hicks because he emerged from the rear of the convoy and approached our gang of misfits. Seth and Nick stood by me. They knew. Yeah, there was no getting around the fact that they could smell the fear on me every time I reeked of it, but they tried. They tried to prop me up, and for that, I was grateful.
Hicks surveyed the road ahead, standing quietly in our midst and inhaling deeply, then letting the breath leave his lungs heavily. 
“How bad is it?” Seth asked. There was no fear in Seth’s voice—not like in mine.
Hicks spat on the ground, careful not to hit the place where Riggs had died just an hour ago. “It’s fucked.”
I scanned the horizon. “They’re coming now. You know that, right?”
The black cloud of birds was growing larger with each minute that passed. Lilly’s shot carried across the empty landscape and alerted every bernie to our presence. In the blurring haze of the heat rising from the asphalt, the first whispers of them began to take shape. There were hundreds, maybe thousands. They were coming, slowly, like an avalanche of rot moving forward at a snail’s pace to gorge themselves. Hicks crossed his arms and nodded, saying, “Yep. They’re comin’.”
I asked him, “You mad? About the shot, I mean.”
He nodded again. “Yep. Livid.” He stood there like a statue, expressionless.
I told him, “I’m sorry about that. She didn’t think.” 
Hicks took his eyes off the road and leveled me with his icy stare. “I’m not mad at Lilly, boy. I’m mad at myself. That little girl has more of what we’re fightin’ for in her pinky finger than you and me combined. It’s humanity, boy. And I’m an asshole for not having much of it left.”
Nick asked Hicks, “We’re gonna try and take ’em on then? We’re ready, man. If you’re ready, we’re ready.”
Hicks snorted a laugh. “That giant pair of balls you got is gonna be the death of you one day. Even the mighty United States Marine Corps knows better than to run headlong into those odds. See, boy, all the dumb people are dead. Those headstrong idiots that thought they could blast through the herds are long gone, except for you, I suppose. Nope. We’re smarter than that.”
Seth scoffed, “So, what then? We run? Try and flank them somehow?”
Hicks spat again. “Somethin’ like that.”
The plan was beautiful in its simplicity. We pulled the vehicles up about a quarter mile, which was nerve wracking on its own because it only pushed us closer to the herd. But there was still a good bit of distance between them and us. We left one truck behind. It looked almost pitiful, abandoned in the middle of the road to our rear. The men occupying it had stripped it of any useful gear, and it stood there alone like a lost child.
Parker jogged back from the side of the road, carrying a dry branch about the thickness of his wrist, and jabbed it into the headrest of the driver’s seat. After a few adjustments, he managed to wedge it against the truck’s horn and stepped away, leaving it to blast loudly before running to catch up to the rest of us ahead of him.
We packed as many men, along with Lilly and Kylee, as we could in the trailer of Prime and the stragglers were hunkered down under the canopy in the rear of one of the larger trucks. There were four more vehicles, each manned by a single marine, hunkered down in hiding on the floor of the driver’s seat. I hid in the sleeper of D-Prime with Seth and Nick, sweating profusely from both the heat and my nerves. We stunk, probably worse than the dead, and my nostrils burned as our body odor mingled in the tight quarters, threatening to make me wretch.
I couldn’t see Hicks, but I knew he was struggling to keep silent, too, as he lay on the floor of the truck carrying the men that wouldn’t fit in the trailer. We waited.
I peeked through the curtain and was instantly reminded of the day the herd passed by in the same manner. I was with Kylee that day, and she almost lost it. Her anger had flared to the point that I had to knock her out just to keep her from challenging them alone. It sounds stupid, but all I wanted at this moment was to hold her hand and wait for them to pass us.
The herd was on top of us now, and the fear was palpable. The horn blaring behind us, the stink of our bodies and the dead, the sky blackened by birds hovering like a storm cloud above all of it added to the tension. And the moaning—the moaning and wails of the dead packed together, that many, that tightly. It plagued my mind.
I peeked again. Most of them had wandered right past us, but there were still a bunch coming. They bumped into the trailer, and the thumps just added one more element to the growing mindfuck. I dared to pull back the curtain just a taste more to look in the side mirror, trying to get a look at what was going on behind us. The mass of the herd had reached the blaring horn of the abandoned truck, and they swarmed it hungrily, pawing at the doors and bursting the windows in search of an easy meal. They found it, too.
The pressure must’ve been too much for the young marine. I don’t know. Or maybe he moved and made some noise. Either way, they were on him. He was in the last truck in our line, and he bolted out of the driver’s-side door, trying to duck and dodge them as if he was some subpar running back. There were too many.
I winced when the first pair of hands got at him from behind. They reached around his head and hooked their boney fingers into the corners of his mouth, pulling him backwards. He screamed as his cheeks split, his lips parting like bloody lightning bolts. Blood spewed from the wound as the bernie nearly tore his face off, and the man was dragged to the ground, writhing under the weight of them. The last thing I was able to see before closing the curtain was the dead fighting each other over the limbs they had torn from his corpse as he was devoured. I never caught his name.
We waited.
We were down to singles. They wandered still, now more so because there was feeding going on. I hate to say it, but that probably got them past us faster than the blaring horn, which by now was driving into my brain like a jackhammer. I slowly edged into the driver’s seat, pressed the clutch in, and cranked the key in the ignition. D-Prime bucked into gear, and I ran it full bore into the limits of the city ahead, checking only momentarily to our rear to see that Hicks and the remaining three vehicles were following closely behind us.
I can’t tell you how many I slammed into and ran over. Dull thumps and the patter of bodies rolling under D-Prime’s weight filled my ears, and I gave pause to wonder about how the large group in the trailer was holding up. We had to conserve the ammo. We weren’t interested in killing the dead here—just push through, making it to Bragg.
We finally pulled off after the city was a few miles behind us. D-Prime’s windshield wipers couldn’t clear my view anymore, and all they were doing was smearing black-red gore to blind me. I dropped down from my seat and walked around the front to begin pulling the arms and feet from the grill of the truck.
First obstacle done. Two dead. We rest here before the next stop.


Entry 160

Last night sucked. The dead kept trickling out of the city behind us, leaving everyone on edge until daylight crept over the horizon. We had to take shifts, with half of us staying up to fight for two hours and then switch off to rest.
During my shift I was lucky enough to have Boyd watching them approach as well as Nick and Seth, Parker, and the one they call Big Stank backing me up on the ground. Big Stank was a massive, white dude, ugly as fuck, in his late twenties. He was well over six feet tall, and I’d say he weighed more than Cutty did when we first met back at the water tower all those months ago. He kept his head shaved with a bowie knife and always wore the same blood-soaked clothes, all crusty and funky. My guess was that there weren’t any other fatigues around that fit him, so he just didn’t bother changing.
There were lots of other guys around, too, but I didn’t even bother to learn their names. It seemed easier that way—if they died, I mean. If I didn’t humanize them with a name, then they were just another body on the pile. Seth and Nick called them “redshirts.” I was unfamiliar with the term, but was left to assume they were like the JV squad of a high school football team.
Boyd stuttered over the muffled whispers of the watchmen as the first wave approached, “S-s-six inbound. L-l-look alive.” I chuckled under my breath at his choice of words. 
Six was nothing. I could probably handle six on my own without a weapon at that stage of the game. I stepped up, but Seth waved me off, saying, “Let me and Nick handle these. I need the practice.”
I shrugged and told him to be careful. Big Stank stepped forward and told the two of them, “I’ll watch your asses in case it gets sketchy.” Then he cracked his knuckles and passed his e-tool to Parker. I correctly assumed he was going in barehanded like a bernie bouncer or some shit.
Nick quipped, “I’d prefer you watched the jerks and not our asses. Our asses are just fine, thank you.”
Taking the opening, Seth put on his best effeminate lisp, performing like a female, joking, “Oooh, Nick! You so right! Yo’ ass is fiiiiiine!”
Big Stank was not amused. He scowled and told them, “Knock that shit off.”
The six approached slowly, and Nick stepped forward to meet them with Seth by his side. Surprisingly, Seth swung first, crashing his gauntlet across the side of one’s head. It was already well into decay, so as Seth popped back like they had practiced, it fell to the ground in a heap. If the gauntlet hadn’t killed it, the fall certainly did, as evidenced by the shards of skull littered across the road.
Nick swung his single blade into the second in line as the others began snarling and gurgling, eager to get a piece of him. It was a surprisingly strong swing for Nick’s size, and it split the bernie’s face in half. The top of its head, what was left of its nose included, plopped sickeningly to the ground, and the lower jaw, now with nothing to keep it in place, hung by strings of sinew and old connective tissue. Two down.
As the remaining four spread out to encircle the two of them, Big Stank made his move. He grabbed a pair, one in each hand by their hair, and held them in place as they fought against his grip. He kept them steady while the two free ones were taken care of. Seth and Nick worked as a unit, first with Seth backhanding them to the ground, then Nick making the killing blow with his kukri as the creatures struggled to get back to their feet.
They faced Big Stank, standing there holding the final pair, and Nick gave Seth the nod to go ahead and finish up. Seth obliged, and in seconds, Big Stank held only patches of hair and bits of scalp in his hands.
This went on, one way or another, for the entire two hours of our watch, and at one point, a group of nearly twenty materialized out of the haze. The Kilo boys fought well, though, and in about ten minutes their e-tools, sharpened into makeshift hatchets, had reduced the pack into a pile of limbs and snapping heads.
During my second shift there was a lull in the action, but not really. We used the time to pile the bodies, now numbering near seventy, into a knee-high wall across the road, slowing the approach of any others.
The second break I had was pretty awesome, though. I had the sleeper of D-Prime to myself, and Kylee joined me for a bit. It was becoming a running joke with the all guys now that we were an item, and we exited the trailer to a somewhat quiet round of golf claps. Seth had scrawled a sign on an old piece of cardboard that read, “If Prime is a-rockin’, don’t come a-knockin’,” and placed it across the driver’s-side door. He also gave me shit about the marks on my neck and said, “Uh, I thought we were dealing with the jerks, not vampires.”
Kylee rarely blushed, but she was beet red. She didn’t stay that way for long, though, as she ran a finger across Seth’s face and said with a sassy wink, “Sucked him dry, Seth. Sucked him dry.”
I finally managed to get some sleep. I woke up feeling like ten pounds of shit in a five-pound bag, though. My body ached more than usual, and I had this burning in my throat. Parker gave me the once-over and told me to stop sleeping on my back with my mouth open and it would go away. I couldn’t help but roll my eyes. Sleep was precious, and as long as I was getting some of it, without the nightmares, I couldn’t give a good Goddamn how I was positioned. I’d take a sore throat in place of exhaustion any day. I thought about trying to talk him into giving me something for the aches and pains, but the thought of Riggs reminded me that not only was I going to be told no, it would be a dick move to even ask. I let it slide and fought through it.
We departed for the second stop, but not before having to dig more graves. We lost another three men last night during one of the tussles. After Parker saw to me, we joined the small service for the fallen, where I was surprised to learn Parker also acted as the company’s chaplain. He said a short prayer, but we were cut off by another wave coming in. We left them in the dust.
We’re expected to hit the city in about two hours or so. I spent the first leg of the drive in the trailer with Lilly, going over our ammunition situation and checking on the food. Kilo was still well stocked with MREs, even though I hated them, and we were actually doing pretty well. Our biggest achievement to date was our water supply. I forgot to mention this back when Seth offed Jenny and Andrew, but we made out damned good at that store. We had bottled water for weeks, unless the Kilo boys decided to start hittin’ it.
After inventory, Lilly played idly with some things we jacked from the toy store—nothing major, just some dolls and shit. At first I wasn’t even paying attention to her until I started hearing these thumps. They were sharp and came one after another to the point that it started to get annoying. When I raised my head in her direction, I saw that she was throwing knives at the dolls. I watched her for a minute, repressing the urge to bark at her to stop because my head was beginning to pound, but I ended up leaving her alone. She was sticking them one after another with perfect, end-over-end tosses of the blade. I swear she only missed, like, three out of fifteen or more.
When I finally asked her what she was up to, she told me, “I’m pissed off, Dext, pissed right the hell off.”
I hadn’t done it in a while, so I reminded her that while cussing was fine with me, she at least had to make an effort to express herself better than that. 
She huffed and asked me, “What part of ‘pissed off’ is hard to understand? You guys won’t let me fight, you barely let me talk, and you and Kylee haven’t been paying attention to me. You two are acting weird.”
I was taken off guard, I can’t lie. What’s worse is, now that I think about it, she was right. Part of it was having been busy as hell since we hit the road for this latest round of shit, but it was also because Kylee and I had been spending whatever ‘free’ time we had together. I offered a sincere apology to her and told her we’d try to do better. As for the fighting bit, I had nothing for her on that. She could get pissy all she wanted. I wasn’t gonna let her run headlong into the fray when trained fighters, men that were practiced killers, were dropping left and right. Fuck that.
She told me that she was going to be hanging with Seth instead of us since we didn’t have time for her. Said that Seth and Nick let her fight all she wanted. It hurt me to hear that she thought we didn’t have time for her. It also didn’t sit well with me that she was suddenly all about Seth and Nick. I’d never say it to their faces, but I didn’t think they were the best examples for her. That wasn’t to say that I was any better… I dunno.
Whatever. I’m just gonna try and spend this last hour on the road trying to sleep off this headache. The rest of the day is sure to suck balls, and I’d rather not spend the afternoon dying on a street in some nameless city. Gotta keep sharp. Love clouds the mind. I’ve said it before. It makes you sloppy.


Entry 161

Boyd was on the scope, perched atop D-Prime, scanning the city streets when I finally got out of the trailer. I asked him what sort of shit storm we were about to face, and he replied, puzzled, “N-n-nothin’. There’s n-nothin’ there. Only a f-few in the streets, b-but it’s pretty much empty.”
That was the best news in days. The men were happy to hear it, too, and the relief that washed through the crowd was almost tangible. With the pressure off for the moment, I decided to take Lilly and Kylee off to the side for a few minutes to set the record straight. Kylee was equally disturbed by Lilly’s sentiments regarding our time spent together lately. She told Lilly, “You’re right. What else can I say besides we’re sorry? Neither of us realized you were this upset.”
Lilly pouted slightly and replied, “It’s just that there’s so much going on, and any one of us can die any second. I just miss you, and I don’t know what I’d do without you. I guess, I just got scared because I got to see what it feels like not having you guys around.”
Kylee frowned. She understood what Lilly was driving at, and neither of us had given any of it a second thought. Now, here we were faced with this perfect, precocious, little girl spilling her feelings, and it felt really shitty. I felt guilty. I felt sorry, too. I got down on one knee, feeling myself wince at the stiffness in my joints, and locked eyes with Lilly. I told her, “That’s all you had to say, Lil. No one will get mad at you for feeling the way you’re feeling as long as you express it with a mind to get it fixed. You’re right that any one of us could be dead and gone in an instant. That’s why it’s important to tell us things like this immediately instead of bottling it up inside and holding a grudge. People are always gonna have arguments and fights, but now more than ever, it’s important to keep the slate clean. You never know if you’ll get the chance to make it right, and you don’t want to carry that around with you forever if one of us doesn’t make it. Please, always remember that.”
She wiped her nose and hugged me. It felt good to put that to rest, and I think Kylee felt the same way. We shared a quiet stare that told me we were going to do better, and that was the end of it.
Even without binoculars, I could see that this city was slightly smaller than the last, but the buildings were taller. It looked like it was more of a commerce center than a bustling city in the days of the living. The glass-faced skyscrapers reflected the afternoon sun, and the whole thing glittered. It was a stark contrast to the fetid smell in the air.
Hicks approached us, tugging at his belt like he had just gotten finished droppin’ a deuce, and said, “Good news is that it looks quiet. Bad news is that we can’t have any overhead cover because the Goddamn structures are so tall. No way in hell we’re clearing buildings just to post snipers in the upper floors. We’re gonna have to drive through and hope for the best.” He spat on the ground and observed, “Damn, kid, you look like shit.”
I waved him off, saying, “No biggie. Just a little off my game.”
He huffed and said flatly, “Well, you better get back on your game sooner rather than later, savvy? Maybe if you two weren’t spendin’ your nights humpin’ like a couple of epileptic rabbits with the hiccups, you wouldn’t be such a mess.”
“I’ll be fine.”
I am a little worried, though. My head still feels like it’s getting stuck with hot pokers, and even though the sore throat has passed, my mouth tastes horrible and bitter. No fever or anything, so I’m not panicking yet, but if I find out I caught the flu or some shit, I’m gonna be pissed. Trying to stay ahead of the symptoms, I popped some Advil we had stashed in the trailer and told Parker how I was feeling. 
He confirmed I had no fever and told me, “Unless you spike one, you’re just gonna have to deal. Jesus, I got seventeen men complaining of everything from bad knees, ankle sprains, and back spasms to runny noses and a wicked case of blue balls. Quit bein’ a pussy.”
That was the end of that.
We put Lilly up on top of D-Prime with Boyd as we made our way into the city. I told her, “You wanna fight. I understand that. All I ask is that you do it from up there.” She agreed without hesitation and slid the bolt of her rifle forward to chamber a round. She knelt next to Boyd and patted him on the back, saying, “You an’ me, Boyd! Let’s crack some heads today.”
With the caravan of vehicles following behind D-Prime, Hicks had a unit of about fifteen men on the ground, marching patrol-style in between the last two vehicles. They could be seen hacking up a few bernies that wandered towards the vehicles as we entered into the main gut of the city.
Unexpectedly, one of the Hummers bumped up on top of one of the bodies, a big, fat bernie with old, rotted bullet wounds all over its torso, and got stuck. The wheels made a high-pitched whizzing sound as the driver tried to break it free, and a couple of the guys on the ground sat on the hood and stood on the running boards in hopes of adding extra weight to get the wheels gripping again. After a few pumps on the gas pedal, the Hummer lurched forward, but one of the guys on the hood fell off. He shrieked as his legs were crushed under the tires, crying out, “Ahh, fuck! Get it offa me! Get it off!”
The panicked driver backed up slightly, and a couple of guys dragged the wounded man clear. We exited the vehicles to check out the situation with a number of guys spreading out to cover us.
The dead came. They poured in from the side streets in tight packs, clamoring to feed as the guy continued to yelp in pain. It was like they were there the entire time, just tucked away in sleep mode in every nook and cranny of the city, hiding and waiting.
The marine’s legs were both badly broken. Shards of bone had torn through his skin and now poked through his fatigues as Parker hurried and cut away the material to assess the wounds further. Parker snapped at us, “Get him up and inside the trailer, now! We gotta get outta here!”
I reached down to help him up, but I aborted the motion midway through because Seth’s gauntlet shot past my head. It thudded into the face of a bernie I didn’t even know was there right behind me. Seth popped into my view, his bad arm slung tightly to his chest, as he shook the gauntlet off. It clanged to the ground, but not before he had his pistol drawn. He winked at me and popped two rounds into the face of another geek, shouting, “Run, Dext! This guy’s had it!”
The injured man looked to the sky as the bernies fell upon both him and Parker. I heard Parker’s gurgling as one of the dead chomped into his throat with an evil snarl. It raised its head to pull away his flesh, and its neck was bathed in the spurting, arterial blood that spewed forth from Parker. He likely bled out in seconds. The man on the ground was even less fortunate as they set in on his legs first. As more joined in, they began tearing out his organs and struggling over them in a macabre tug-of-war.
The gunfire started. I jetted past Hicks and Big Stank towards D-Prime as the bernies closed in around me. Boyd and Lilly were now on their feet on top of the trailer, and they were working in tandem. Boyd fired down to my left, exploding the head of one of the pack, spraying me with all manner of filth, then Lilly fired her shot as Boyd ejected his casing to chamber the next round. Her shot found its home in the face of a geek that was just inches from Nick.
Nick called out to her, “Nice shot, Lil!”
She yelled back to him as she ejected her empty casing, “Got yer back, Jack! Get Seth!”
I made it to the trailer and scrambled up to join Lilly and Boyd. Kylee was hanging out of the cab’s window, popping off rounds left and right, cussing with each shot, “Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you!”
I shouted to Nick as I drew my pistol, “He’s in trouble! We’ll cover you!”
The dead were everywhere now, mingled in amongst the marines in a vicious firefight, and Seth was in the shit. He was entirely surrounded, but he never stopped fighting. He blasted them, one after another, but every time one fell to the ground, another took its place. He was only ten yards away, but it may as well have been a mile.
Nick sprinted to him, kicking one aside, then reached down and scooped up the gauntlet. Just as one opened its mouth to take a bite out of Seth, Nick jammed the gauntlet into its gaping maw, shattering its teeth and blocking the attack. Seth cried out as he desperately tried the one-handed reload. His magazine tumbled to the ground uselessly once again. “I’m out, I’m out!”
Nick and Seth stood back to back as the bernies closed in on them. Nick snapped over his shoulder at Seth, “Stay still, asshole!” He reached into his belt and grabbed a spare mag then no-looked that bitch behind his back, sliding it into Seth’s weapon for him like a boss! Seth thumbed the slide release and started firing again.
Up on the trailer, Lilly, Boyd, and I lost all semblance of order and began unloading into the crowd surrounding the hit men. We were on point, though, and swiftly cut them a path back to us. Nick and Seth dashed in our direction with bernies in hot pursuit. Boyd and I dragged Nick up once he got a foothold on D-Prime’s rear tire, and then I reached for Seth to follow. As we pulled him up by his good arm, one of the dead grabbed onto his boot, and we began fighting over him.
Thunk!
Lilly’s knife tumbled end over end and found its home in the eye socket of the offending bernie. It slumped to the ground, releasing Seth, allowing us to pull him up the rest of the way.
Kylee gunned the engine, and we started off down the street and out of the city. Boyd lay prone, taking aim off in the distance behind the vehicles full of the remains of Kilo Company. Nick touched his shoulder and said, “Don’t waste the ammo, Boyd. We made it.”
Boom!
Boyd took his final shot and said sadly, “C-couldn’t leave him like that. P-P-Parker… I liked P-Parker.”
He must’ve turned.
Two cities down. Our numbers are nearly halved now, and I’m sure our ammo situation just got even shittier. Our medic is dead, so hopefully Big Stank can step up and take over. He’s no Parker, but Seth says he did a helluva job assisting with the bullet hole in his arm back at the field. We’ll have to see. To top it all off, now that the adrenalin has eased from my body, I’m able to feel the full effect of whatever it is I have going on. I’m sweating like a pig, but I’m shivering.
I’m scared…


Entry 162

The Dead Sea—I’ll be among them soon. I figured it out. I probably should’ve known when the first signs started to show, but I think I may have talked myself out of it—denial. Like the initial reaction of finding out your illness is terminal, you refuse to believe there isn’t a cure. It takes time to settle into your mind. The infection took its time to settle into me just the same.
I felt numbness in my neck where Kylee had bitten me, so I checked it out in the rearview mirror. There was no mistaking the blue-black bruising that surrounded the marks or the snaking trails of the capillaries turning dark and spider-webbing their way out from the wound. It was a wound now after all. What was once a playful nibble had opened slightly at every mark of her teeth, and it oozed an orange-ish, cloudy fluid that stunk of dying tissue. Kylee infected me… 
I don’t know how, nor do I know the science behind it, nor do I even care anymore. I’m dying…
I’m dying.
I suppose it was inevitable. I made it farther than I ever should have. If I had to bet on who the survivors would be, I would have counted myself out a long time ago anyway. But to go like this, though? This is shitty. Finally, after everything we’ve seen and done, Kylee and I found happiness with one another, and that’s precisely what killed me. I say that in the past tense because I died the moment she bit me. I always thought I’d get torn apart or shot up somehow. Never in a million years would I have thought that the one who was with me through everything would be my undoing. 
I hate to say, I told you so, but I did. I said that love would be the death of me, and now it has come to pass. Damn shame, too, because I was hoping to see Lilly grow up. I wanted more than anything to see that little girl find safety and security, to grow up and rediscover her innocence. Goddammit! This is such bullshit! Now I’m just getting fuckin’ pissed off. This piece-of-shit fever isn’t helping me see any more clearly either. I snuck into Parker’s old medical bag and found a thermometer. I’m almost at 104 degrees. Much more and I’ll burn out like a light bulb.
I had to tell her. I didn’t want to, obviously, because I didn’t want her to have to feel guilty or responsible. I knew that’s how she’d take it. She’d cry and tell me she was sorry, and then she’d have to carry her guilt for the rest of her life, regardless of how long or short it may be. And that’s exactly what happened when I confessed to her. I’m not writing that conversation here—not just because time is short, but also because what was spoken between me and Kylee today isn’t really any of your business. But she had to know. She’s really the only one who would respect my wishes anyway. If anyone else found out, they’d surely kill me on the spot. I have to see this through to the end. I’m going to try to fight it for as long as I possibly can, and when I lose the fight, Kylee knows what to do.
We were perched atop a high ridge, looking down into the sea of the dead after having climbed for an hour or so. I felt like shit. Every step shot needles into my limbs and made my head throb. I was going through water more than anyone else, and it was tricky to keep my canteen to myself when the others were passing them around freely. I couldn’t risk sharing with them, though. 
Boyd peered through his scope as he knelt next to Hicks, surveying the situation. The valley bottlenecked just as Hicks described it, and the dead were thick, probably numbering upwards of a thousand. The valley kept them packed tightly, as it was only about fifty yards across at the widest point. Most were in sleep mode, standing completely still or lying down, but about a third of them remained shuffling aimlessly. It’s scarier when they’re like that. It means they’re hungry. See, when the dead are feeding, they’re in a zone, and it almost takes something drastic to pull their attention away. When they’re like this, though, they’re voracious and violent at the first sign of life.
Hicks spat on the ground and whispered, “Any bright ideas? Sound them off now.”
Boyd just shook his head and looked to me and Kylee. “I g-got n-nothin’.”
Kylee pursed her lips and put her hand on her hip, saying, “Wish we had some sort of explosives left. Maybe we could’ve blown a path right through it.”
Smirking devilishly, Boyd quipped, “You’ve done enough b-blowing lately.” She flipped him off while Seth and Nick chuckled to themselves.
Hicks called for a retreat back to the vehicles, and I spent the next hour pretty much sliding down hills of dirt and gravel. When we got back to the others, Boyd had a stroke of genius.
“Carlos N-Norman Hathcock! That’s th-the answer!” 
We stared at him blankly. I had no idea what the hell he was talking about. Some of the other snipers knew what was up immediately, though. They nodded thoughtfully.
Seth rolled his eyes at Boyd for leaving us hanging and said, “Sooooo… you wanna fill us in?”
Boyd started stammering through an explanation, but Hicks cut him off, saying, “Just stop it, ya stutterin’ prick. I’ll explain it. We ain’t got all Goddamn day.” He told us, “Gunny, they called him, though the gooks called him Long Trang du Kich. It means the ‘White Feather Sniper.’ Back in Nam he was known for wearing a white feather in his cover, and at the time he held the record at ninety-three confirmed kills, which is bullshit, by the way. He probably killed over three hundred Charlies on his own. He also held the record for the longest kill shot up until the Afghanistan and Iraq shit, but our snipers have much better technology these days, so that’s comparing apples to oranges. He’s a fuckin’ legend. They say he once killed an enemy sniper with a shot directly into his eye, through his fuckin’ scope, and I don’t wanna hear that MythBusters shit. It fuckin’ happened!”
Seth looked slightly impressed and offered, “Okay. So, he was a bad motherfucker. What’s he got to do with us?”
One of the other snipers who had already put two and two together explained further, “One time, Gunny took a mission to kill a NVA general behind enemy lines. Fuckin’ guy was in a compound and heavily guarded. Ol’ Gunny strapped up his ghillie suit and crawled inch by inch across the compound to get the shot. He almost got stepped on by the guards at one point and nearly got bitten by a viper, too. Took him four days and three nights without sleep to slip in close enough for the shot. He killed that son of a bitch and crawled right back out like he was never there. Tough bastard!”
Seth listened intently, but it was Nick who spoke up. “So, Boyd’s suggesting we camouflage ourselves and crawl through a thousand jerks? Like hell!” He shook his head incredulously.
Boyd snapped, “No! That’s n-not what I’m s-sayin’. How m-much det cord we g-g-got left?” He turned to Hicks for an answer.
Hicks spat on the ground and told us, “We got det cord for miles. It’s that high-impact shit, too, but we ain’t got shit left when it comes to big booms.”
Boyd nodded.
Big Stank went on to explain that det cord, or detonation cord, was this stuff that they used to set off multiple charges at once. Apparently, it was kind of like a big, explosive fuse—exploding cord, more or less. Back in Iraq, the engineers found that they could line the high-impact stuff across a minefield, and once it detonated, it would clear a slice where they could pass the vehicles straight through. It was beginning to make sense, especially since the stuff Hicks had on hand was powerful enough to take down small trees on its own, without any extra explosives wired to it. Surely it could decimate some half-rotten corpses.
Hicks asked the obvious question, “So, which of you crazy fuckers is gonna be the one to string that shit to the other side?”
Boyd was the only one to speak. “M-me. I’ll d-do it.”
Hicks nodded, impressed. “Never thought you’d have the balls, Boyd. I’m shocked.”
There wasn’t a single person who was gonna argue with Boyd on this one, I promise you.
We decided to double up the cord, just to make sure we did enough damage, and tied it to his ankle using some climbing rope. The idea was that he would pull a Hathcock and drag it behind him, inch by inch through the dead, and once on the other side of the valley, detach it from his leg, pop smoke to signal he was clear of the blast, and then Hicks would blow the cord. (How’s that for a run-on sentence, you fuckin’ grammar Nazis? Suck it!) Anyway, if it worked, we’d have sliced a path down the entire valley, killing almost every bernie simultaneously with the concussion alone.
The prepping took some time, and while the men worked on the cord, Boyd began tirelessly putting some finishing touches on his ghillie suit. It reminded me of how we made those half-assed ghillie suits all those months ago at the house with Kate and Hope. When he was finished, he tested it by lying facedown on the ground. It was truly astonishing how he blended in, undetectable. Now, if he could just keep his nerve as he crawled along. Surely he’d be stepped on at some point, and he’d just have to remain completely still. I wasn’t convinced it would work.
He only had to move across an area the size of a football field, but it took him all day. In fact, we were about to give up and figure out another idea when Stank noticed the green smoke pouring over the mountainside. “He made it! That stutterin’ son of a bitch made it!” he half hissed, half shouted.
Hicks called the order to blow the cord, and the ground shook beneath our feet. In the distance, towards the valley, dust and red mist spewed into the air, signaling that we had at least proven the concept. We wouldn’t be able to determine its actual effectiveness until we gathered the courage to drive into it. Well, it didn’t just work. We fuckin’ parted the sea like some fake-ass, sin-soaked Moses.
The dry earth was now moist and muddy with the blood and fluids from the bernies that used to stand in that place, so much so that our tires spun and threatened to get us stuck. Carcasses were strewn everywhere, and some of the bottomless torsos still feebly reached at our vehicles as we passed, growling uselessly. We crunched over limbs, bones, and hunks of dead meat until reaching the other side, where the smoke signal had been released.
We found Boyd there, what was left of him. He was covered in bites, missing huge chunks of his flesh, and his legs looked like ground beef. He never even bothered to free himself of the rope that attached the det cord to his ankle. I guess he figured he’d just blow up with the rest of them since he was chewed up so badly. The grimace on his torn face told us all that he was in a tremendous amount of pain when the concussion of the blast turned his insides to jelly. Scrawled in the dirt in his own blood were five words that summed up Boyd’s heroic departure today. ‘I didn’t run this time.’
Boyd’s cleared our path to Fort Bragg and the colonel. The final obstacle between us has been decimated. I’m coughing blood now, and I don’t have much time left. We have to hurry.


Entry 163

I woke up. 
I can’t believe it, but I actually woke up. Kylee sat cross legged on the floor of D-Prime’s trailer, cradling my head in her lap. She stroked my hair with her left hand and clutched the pistol in her right, ready for me. I wished I hadn’t regained consciousness at all, though, now that it was over.
My joints had that feeling like they needed to crack, but they refused. Instead, they ground against themselves when I moved and flexed them. My eyes were dry, and the color had drained from my irises almost completely. What was once a pleasant mix of greens and browns was now a mottled hodgepodge of yellowing black and grey, like old newspaper. It didn’t affect my vision much, but it felt like I was staring at a ghost when I looked in the mirror. I’d stopped sweating finally, even though my fever persisted, and my mouth was dry, tasting of rotted meat. I couldn’t keep food down, and even water made me heave. The end was near. I again wished it would have taken me while I slept, but once more my nightmare reality had punched me awake to face more horror and experience more death before my own was allowed to arrive.
Lilly offered me a weak smile. “Shouldn’t be long now, Dext,” she said softly. Her hand in mine felt like ice. Was I burning up that badly? I smiled at her and told her I loved her once more through cracked lips.
One of the Kilo boys must’ve been driving D-Prime because Seth and Nick were there, too. They were having a spirited game of rock, paper, scissors’ to decide which one of them was going to die today. They made me smile, those two. They managed to keep their senses of humor amidst all this bullshit. They were lucky that way, being able to balance cold realities with warm amusement when there was time for it. I hoped they would stick around. Lilly still needed to learn how to do that.
Nick could be heard saying, “Ready? One, two, three, shoot!”
Seth formed his index and middle fingers into a mock pair of scissors, but Nick wasn’t keen to play by the rules. Instead, he flashed his middle finger, flipping Seth the bird, and added, “Fuck you, pal. I ain’t dyin’ today.”
Not to be outdone, Seth protested. “No way! I call shenanigans. No one said fucksies were allowed this round!”
Nick corrected him with a tut-tut and informed him, “Correction! As per the official Vegas rules, fucksies are indeed a legal course of action when the odds are as shitty as they are right now. In fact, I would have allowed not only fucksies, but also dragons, slingshots, and ninjas.”
Seth shook his head in disgust. “You bastard! Fine, best two out of three. But I want a ruling on Pokémon, too.”
Nick stroked his chin before deciding. “I’ll allow only Charizard and Squirtle—nothing more!”
This went on and on, getting even more complicated and bizarre, until I finally just stopped paying attention to them. 
The trucks came to a halt before long, and the remains of our group came together in a sloppy huddle on the single road leading into the town of Fort Bragg. I gave pause to count our numbers as Hicks angrily shouted at the men, “Form up, you shit sacks! Take a little pride in yourselves!”
There were thirty-six of us now, counting our crew—all that remained. We stood in six tight lines, heavily armed and packing every single round of ammo we had left, evenly distributed among us. Big Stank, with his filthy uniform and imposing physique, stood beside me holding our banner. On an old broom handle, he had attached the flag of our once great nation with its glorious stars and stripes hung inverted to signal distress. I felt it was a fitting banner to carry into this fight.
With the fortified town in our line of sight, barricaded by multiple rows of chain-link fences and barbed-wire coils along the ground, Hicks addressed his men.
“We have our orders. We know what we have to do here today. Some of you are probably thinking that these orders are bullshit, and I can understand that. We’re making an assault on a heavily fortified target, outnumbered and outgunned… low on ammo and provisions. Shit, we’re low on everything. Ain’t that what you’re thinkin’, boys? Well, I disagree! We ain’t low on heart! We’re devil dogs, Goddammit! We ran The Gauntlet, and we emerged victorious! We parted the Goddamn Dead Sea, and we made the choke point our bitch! And so, today we honor the men that fell to make those victories possible by hurling ourselves headlong into the fight once more—to put the power back into the hands of the good guys, to topple a tyrant drunk with power and remind him just who the fuck’s in charge in this motherfucker, savvy?”
There were cheers amongst the assembled men. I found that shocking, despite Hicks’ spirited words, because looking at what we were about to face had me worried for every single person around me. Lilly clutched her rifle as she stood next to Kylee. She fixed an icy stare at the road ahead, and as I held her hand in mine, I nudged her to get her attention.
I mouthed the words, ‘You okay?’ to her, and she gave a tight-lipped nod.
Kylee caught my eye. Her face was still swollen from crying on and off, but she stood there, strong, with her back straight and her eyes to the front—a soldier at heart, a fighter. How I envied her.
Seth and Nick were to my right—Seth, with his arm still in a sling and a gun in his good hand, and Nick, with his kukri in one hand and his pistol in the other; both were standing casually as if waiting for Hicks to finish so they could get down to business. Those two dysfunctional fuckholes would never know how much I’d come to like them. They were family now, too, just like the others.
All of them, my family. Their names floated through my mind at that moment: Junior, Bizzy, Wyatt, Trey, Fool, Rebecca, JC, Murphy, Hook, Alyse, Cutty. It was almost funny that I had little memory of my life before this.
Hicks’ speech came to a close, and he broke us into three squads. The plan was for us to create a distraction by running an unmanned vehicle into the row of fences to draw their forces to the commotion. We would run a second unmanned vehicle in the same manner into the opposite side once the panic broke out. Hopefully that would create disorganization in their ranks and have people scrambling to find the source of the attack. That was when we’d strike.
We would run D-Prime right up the gut and crash into the compound with the remaining truck full of our forces behind it to gain entry into the town proper. Once in, squads one and two were to break left and right respectively, killing anything that wasn’t civilian, while the third squad swept their command post for the colonel. Hicks urged everyone to keep their groups tight, their aim sharp, and to conserve ammo as much as possible. Each man had a couple grenades, which were to be used only if a squad was truly fucked.
Shit. I’m stiffening up. It hurts to write anymore, but I’ll try and finish this before time is up. I can feel my heart slowing down now, and my teeth have started to clench between bouts of bloody coughing. I guess it can’t hurt to admit that I’m straining to see the page through my own tears. I want to have time to say good-bye to the others in person.
We didn’t know they had the area in front of the compound mined. After the first vehicle, with its gas pedal held down by a large stone, crashed through the first rows of fencing, it exploded into a giant fireball, spewing metal and rubber into the air. The commotion inside the town was easily visible as small groups of soldiers scrambled into makeshift fire crews to douse the blaze and gunners took up firing positions. They unloaded in our direction.
The second Hummer, off to our right, was fired upon instantly but still managed to barrel through the fence lines completely before slamming into a building and toppling five or six men from the rooftop. Those that survived the fall writhed on the ground in agony with broken backs or whatever.
We were all packed in the vehicle behind D-Prime as a lone driver hurled the immense tractor trailer through the entrance and into the town square. From out of nowhere a rocket-propelled grenade whizzed into the trailer and exploded, flipping D-Prime on its side. It slid across the ground in flames as more of the colonel’s men scattered like roaches to get out of the way. They failed. Their bodies were smeared across the concrete like melting crayons as D-Prime scraped to a halt.
The actions were furious the second we bailed out. The two squads broke off from ours and began firing on the colonel’s men while trying to find cover. Hick barked at them, “There’s no civilians here! Kill everything!”
Grenades were already exploding, and my ears were ringing, immediately drowning out everything but the gunfire. I saw Nick go down screaming as he hit the corner of the command post. Seth lost his shit and grimaced as he shook of his sling, fighting through the pain, and forced his wounded arm to do his will. He shot no less than six men and tackled a seventh, stabbing him violently in the neck and face before regaining his footing to reach Nick.
With bloody cuts on his face and neck, Nick was pulled to his feet by Seth. He shook his head to clear it and told Seth, “I told you I wasn’t dying today. Just a little shrapnel is all.”
Seth dusted him off a bit and said, “The day ain’t over yet.”
Nick looked Seth over and asked him quickly, “You good?”
Seth nodded and answered, “Shouldah niggas, son. I gotchu.”
They moved off further into the town towards the command post, leaving me, Lilly, and Kylee slightly behind. I heard one of them shout to us on the way, “We’ll clear a path. Protect Lilly!”
That pretty much went without saying, but Lilly didn’t need protection today. At one point, she was grabbed by a man in an army uniform, and it was unclear if his intentions were to get her out of the line of fire or to do her harm. No sooner had I swung my pistol around to take aim did I see Lilly stomp on his instep. He reflexively leaned down to clutch at his foot when Lilly whipped the butt of her rifle into his nuts and watched him collapse into a heap. I thought she would leave it at that, but now that they were eye to eye, she gave him a sharp chop across his neck to lay him flat before pressing the barrel of her rifle to his face and squeezing the trigger. His brains painted the concrete.
I turned to find Kylee lying on the ground holding her side. I felt the color leave my face. Her hand came away bloody, and I dropped to a knee to inspect her wound, tearing away her clothing. A bullet had found its way under her vest and had torn through her side. There was no time to field dress it. We had to get her outta there.
She growled through her teeth, “Motherfucker! I’m fine. I’ll be all right. It’s through and through. Let’s go!”
I helped her to her feet, and we pressed further toward the command post. That was the first time I saw him. Kylee pointed to an older man across the yard. He was wearing army green, and his rank said it all. The colonel was in our midst.
Somehow, Big Stank had gotten separated from his assault team and was now pressed tightly against a wall, looking out across the carnage in the square. Bodies were everywhere, but all were survivors of the military’s first faulty vaccine, much like the Kilo boys. They were surely dead where they lay ,but lucky for us, they weren’t turning. Stank fired a few rounds at some guys retreating in front of Hicks, but he had his back to the colonel. I couldn’t get a shot due to holding Kylee steady, and I watched helplessly as the colonel stalked up to Big Stank, pressed his gun to the back of his head, and coldly pulled the trigger. Lilly took a shot at him, but it went wide right. Colonel Lang ducked his head and took off down the street.
Kylee snapped, “Dext, leave me here. Go get him.”
I argued for a moment, but she smacked me on the back of the head. My teeth clicked. She told me, “I’ll. Be. Fine. Now go!”
I didn’t make it ten yards.
Hicks rushed into me, bowling me over, along with four of his men. He angrily shouted, “We gotta go! Head for the mountains!”
I was about to tell him to fuck off, but then I saw why we needed to go…
An Abrams tank was lumbering up the far street into the square firing its machine as it went. It was destroying everything in its path and cutting the remains of the Kilo assault teams literally in half with its fire. The turret spun slowly in our direction.
I’m not sure what happened in the moments that followed because my mind hazed over in the blast, but I know it fired on us. The building that was once the command post collapsed into a pile of rubble as Hicks, Lilly, Kylee, and I scrambled to the outer edges of the town. Seth and Nick were found off to our left taking cover between a few shanty houses, and they joined us in our retreat to the hillside.
The gunfire continued behind us as we scrambled up to higher elevations, running like whipped puppies. We had failed. The colonel held his ground, and the compound, while horribly damaged in the attack, remained.
We lost.
We lost everything but our lives.
When we were well clear of the conflict, my attention turned to Kylee. She fell to her knees, bleeding enough to worry me. One of Hicks’ four remaining men tended to her and began dressing the wound. He told her, “You’re damn lucky. All it took was skin and some fat. If we can control the bleeding, you’ll survive as long as it doesn’t get infected. Unfortunately, the only way that’s gonna happen is if we get the fuck outta here and do it soon.”
Hicks was already on top of that. He was frantically fidgeting with his radio and cussing up a storm. “C’mon, you piece of fucking shit! Work, Goddammit!”
Lilly stood with Seth and Nick, watching the events unfold like a trooper. I was so proud of her. She was a survivor. She’d be all right. I knew it. I could close my eyes and know in my heart that she’d be all right, especially after what happened in the hour that followed.
Hicks’ radio crackled to life, albeit distorted, and as he rattled off some jargon I didn’t understand, the reply finally came. “Hicks? That you? Jesus Christ, where the fuck have you been?”
Hicks spat on the ground and sarcastically replied, “You’ll have to excuse me, sir. We’ve spent the last few days in a Goddamn valley dodging bernies, blowin’ shit up, and generally trying not to get our asses chewed off. Forgive me for not being able to check in. The only reason I got you on the horn right now is because we’re up higher than we’ve been in a week.”
Thigpen crackled over the radio, “Status report. Did you reach Bragg yet? What’s your position? How many men do you have left? Tell me everything.”
Hicks’ eyes turned red with rage. “The mission is fubar. Target is still active. Our forces have been decimated, and if you have any bright ideas, now would be a good fucking time to make a move. We are well and truly fucked. I got one man ill, one injured, one child, and six able-bodied.”
He went on to spew some coordinates that made no sense to me to pinpoint our position before Thigpen told him, “Listen up, Hicks. Something has come to light in the last day or so that you need to be very aware of. Now, you may not like what I’m about to tell you, but if there’s any honor left in your old bones, you’ll trust me just one last time. Can I count on you to do that?”
Hicks scoffed off the mic then keyed it up. “Well, that depends wholly on what it is you’re about to say now, doesn’t it?”
Thigpen’s voice was firm as he replied, “I got an interesting call yesterday, and I’ve been trying to get hold of you to pass this along before you even made it to the target. I want you to stay where you are. Don’t move an inch from that spot. A recent turn of events has gone in our favor thanks to an old friend of those people you’ve been runnin’ with. The cavalry is on the way. We’re coming to extract you.”
Relief washed over us, and Seth and Nick shared a hug with Lilly. Kylee squeezed my hand and offered an encouraging smile as she forced herself to her feet.
They’ve been waiting in silence for their salvation while I continue to wait for an entirely different end altogether. I’ve said my good-byes now, and these will be the last words I write.


Entry 164

The cavalry came.
I initially thought the day was coming to a close as the sky began to darken and the sun found itself blacked out. The darkness crept across the landscape miles below us, spreading like a spilled glass of water.
Kylee looked to the east, and her lips parted. “Oh, God. What is that?”
I squinted to make it out as a familiar sound worked its way into my ears. It was heavy and loud, but soothing just the same because I recognized it immediately. It was music—a song playing on a loop over and over again, a song I knew well.
An old metal tune called “Raining Blood,” courtesy of Slayer.
Hicks raised his hand to shield his eyes from the glare, and he muttered in disbelief, “Holy… fucking… shitballs…”
The music was getting louder now, pounding into my chest as I spotted a single vehicle in the distance—a huge flatbed truck, spurting dust behind it as it sped towards Fort Bragg. It was loaded with enormous loudspeakers and blasting the sounds as a call to battle. To the rear of the truck, the sky was filled with birds, black as night, as far as the eye could see. And below it, blurred by the dust from the truck leading them and the flies that swirled around their putrid heads, was an army of the dead—a quarter million of them mindlessly following the loud music that blasted from homemade speakers. As they grew closer, their moans threatened to drown out everything on earth.
The Pied Piper had arrived.
The men of Bragg could be seen rushing around like ants and firing uselessly into the horde that was bearing down on them, so wide and so thick that escape was virtually impossible. Two figures tumbled from the truck and rolled across the dirt, running in our general direction as rounds smacked the ground and puffed dirt around their feet. They ran with every ounce of speed they had to reach the steep hillside, leaving behind the dead, who now paid them no mind because the music continued to blast. The gunfire that was being laid down only helped them make their way as the two hundred fifty thousand bernies fell upon the colonel’s compound, eager to feed.
The mines exploded at the feet of the horde, and the Abrams fired feebly into their numbers. Neither could even make a dent. They flooded past the gates and toppled what was left of the fence as they began to feed. Even all the way up here, we could hear them scream as they were torn apart one by one. As the herd halted, having now found the warm flesh they had trekked all this way to feast upon, so did the birds. Like a storm cloud overhead, they cast their morbid shadow solely on Fort Bragg—the shadow of death.
Seth and Nick, along with Hicks, aided the two strangers in their climb to the top of our peak, and once there, Hicks asked, “Just who the hell are you?”
Lilly pushed past them and trilled, “Murphy! Alyse! You guys made it!”
It still feels like a dream. Murphy beamed at us and said, “Sometimes you gotta think outside the box, ain’t that right, Sally?”
I had noticed Alyse looking around curiously as she took mental notes of who was and wasn’t here with us. She gave me a silent look of hope as if to ask if Hook was all right. I shook my head at her solemnly and watched the tears fill her eyes.
Murphy gingerly hugged Kylee and knelt by my side. “Sorry it took so long, kid. You wouldn’t believe the shit we’ve been through.” 
I was happy just to be able to say good-bye to them.
Kylee filled Murphy in on her wound and my impending end, after which we had some final words. He said that a chopper, a big one, was on its way to scoop them all up. 
That makes me happy. They’ll be safe now, except me, of course. I think I’ll just watch one last sunset over the ocean. It’s beautiful, ya know. After that… well… Kylee will click my teeth for me one last time.
– Dext


Entry 165

We watched the sunset, Dext and I. The others left us alone, and I’m grateful for that. He held my hand and spoke of our time together. It was enough to make me forget about the pain. It was enough to make me forget the world.
He was special, you know. I’ve known a lot of men throughout my life, especially with my upbringing, but there’s only ever been one man like Dext.
I watched him write in this book every day from the first time I met him. I always wondered what kinds of things he scribbled in here. Now, as I page through it, I feel sorry for you. You read his words and see the things that we’ve gone through. You think you know him, but you don’t. You don’t have a clue.
The man I knew said a lot more than he put on these pages. He recorded our events and told you the story as accurately as he possibly could, but he always sold himself short. He always doubted himself, and he never gave himself the credit he deserved. Dext didn’t survive because of us. He may have said otherwise, but I know he would’ve been fine. The truth is that I survived because of him.
It’s my fault. It’s all my fault that this happened.
No one can fathom how deeply my feelings for him go, and you’ll never know how truly sorry I am. I just didn’t know. I didn’t know I was a carrier. What I do know is that I can’t take it back, and I’ll have to live with this for the rest of my life.
His last wish was that I tell his story to the end—the real end, that is. So, that’s why I’m writing this now as we await our ride out of here.
Dext remained committed to our survival even in death, and although he turned, he somehow kept his promise to me. The last thing he said to me before he drew his last breath was that he was going to try not to turn. He also told me that if he did turn, he was going to try not to be like the others.
Dext was never like the others. I think you people know this by now.
His breathing stopped, and I kissed his forehead one last time. I gave him a chance to fight it. I waited several minutes, and he didn’t come back. I was hopeful. Then, all at once, he gasped and crackled and opened his eyes. I backed away and gave him some space, but I knew if he bit me it wouldn’t matter.
He made it to his feet, but the others were far enough away that it didn’t startle them. I don’t even think they noticed. He faced me, standing there, laboring to fill lungs that were no longer of any use to him, and parted his lips slightly. His brow furrowed, and he looked pained and sad. It broke my heart. I said, “I love you, Dext.” 
Then it happened. He didn’t come for me. He didn’t snarl and gnash his teeth like the others do. He simply turned his back on me. Slowly and somewhat clumsily, he turned and faced the sea once more as if to gaze at the sparkling water and the idly floating navy vessels.
I pulled the trigger. 
– Kylee


About the Author:

Steve Kuhn is a former professional musician turned writer. Raised in Baltimore, Maryland and with a deep seeded passion for horror, he brings a refreshingly raw and witty style to his work. He has been featured in countless online publications as a critical reviewer and has spent the last three years crafting the epic zombie series, Dext of the Dead.


Also Available from 
Books of the Dead Press:

Steve Kuhn - We Are The Plague: Dext of the Dead, Book 1
Dext is a regular man in an irregular situation. The undead plague has decimated the population, but pockets of survivors still remain. A battered military search for survivors while scientists work frantically to control the spread. The clock is ticking… if he can keep running.

Steve Kuhn - We Are The Infected: Dext of the Dead, Book 2
Dext and his crew are reeling from the losses incurred during their stay at The Haven and are on the run. A military unit known as Kilo Company appears to be the group’s best bet for survival, but they are miles ahead and the gap is widening. Everything is not what it seems.

Steve Kuhn - We Are The Entombed: Dext of the Dead, Book 3
The dead have permeated every square inch of the country, leaving the survivors desperate for commodities. Roving bands of raiders and small, independent communities pose serious threats to one another, much like the increasing numbers of ravenous, shambling corpses. 

Steve Kuhn - We Are The Extinction: Dext of the Dead, Book 4
Tensions mount for Dext and his crew as they travel west in search of the elusive military unit known as Kilo Company. Characters, both good and evil, affect the course of events. Threats wait around every corner. A truth has been revealed: mankind is more monstrous than the living dead.

Steve Kuhn - We Are The End: Dext of the Dead, Book 5
The battle for Vegas is done, but not without heavy casualties and broken loyalties. Dishonesty within the group and mental instability weakens the bonds of family, making them vulnerable. One member will break an unspoken rule and thrust the entire group to the brink of self-destruction. 

Duncan McGeary - Death of an Immortal: Vampire Evolution Trilogy 1
The most powerful and feared vampire disappeared at the height of his powers and passed into legend. Most vampires think he’s dead. He is not dead. 

Duncan McGeary - Rule of Vampire: Vampire Evolution Trilogy 2
Jamie is on the run. Nobody taught her how to be a vampire; no one told her the Rules of Vampire. How was she supposed to know her limits? Now the vampire hunters want her dead.

Duncan McGeary - Blood of Gold: Vampire Evolution Trilogy 3
Terrill was the most ruthless vampire, but he evolved into a Golden Vampire, renouncing violence. He didn’t know that the evolution was directed by forces bigger than himself.

Justin Robinson - Undead On Arrival
Glen Novak is a dead man. Unfortunately for the scumbag who killed him, Novak will keep on cracking skulls until he finds the piece of trash that set him up, or is turned into a walking sack of rotten meat. 

Duncan McGeary - Led to the Slaughter
Trapped in the Sierra Nevada without food, The Donner Party are led to the slaughter. After being manipulated into a string of bad decisions, the travelers, frozen and abandoned, are preyed upon by werewolves in their midst––the very people they thought were friends. 

TS Alan - The Romero Strain
A group of New Yorkers is chased into the city’s underground by a zombie horde. Along their subterranean journey, they gather survivors while traveling to Grand Central Terminal, where they believe help will be found. 

John F.D. Taff – Kill/Off
When David Benning is blackmailed by a shadowy organization known only as The Group, he’s thrust into a world of guns, payoffs, and killing unknown, seemingly ordinary people. As he becomes more enmeshed, he begins to grasp The Group’s true motives.

J.C. Michael - Discoredia
As the year draws to a close, a mysterious stranger makes a proposition to club owner. It’s a deal involving a drug called Pandemonium. The good news: the drug is free. The bad news: it comes with a heavy price. Euphoria and ecstasy. Death and depravity. All come together at Discoredia.

James Roy Daley – Authors & Publishers Must Die!
No punches are pulled in this nonfiction title, which is filled to the rim with straightforward, practical advice for writers while exploring what it’s like to be on the other side of the desk. A must read for every author.

Weston Kincade – A Life of Death 1 - 4
Homicide detective Alex Drummond is confronted with the past through his son’s innocent question. Alex’s tale of his troubled senior year unfolds revealing loss, drunken abuse, and mysterious visions of murder and demonic children.

Weston Kincade – A Life of Death 5 - 8
Alcohol claims another life close to home. Alex and Paige set out to discover the truth, but who would believe a troubled teenager who claims to have visions?

Weston Kincade – A Life of Death 9 - 12
Struggling to hold onto his suspicions of Irene Harris, Alex heads to the DC Metropolitan Police Department. There, his suspicions are finally put to rest, and Alex is forced to start his search again. 

Julie Hutchings - Running Home
Death hovers around Ellie Morgan like the friend nobody wants. She doesn’t belong in snow-swept Ossipee, at a black tie party––but that is where she is, and where he is: Nicholas French, the man who mystifies her with the impossible knowledge of her troubled soul.

John F.D. Taff – The Bell Witch
A historical horror novel/ghost story based on what is perhaps the most well-documented poltergeist case to occur in the United States. The Bell Witch is, at once, a historical novel, a ghost story, a horror story, and a love story all rolled into one.

Justin Robinson - Everyman
Ian Covey is a doppelganger. A mimic. A shapeshifter. He can replace anyone he wants by becoming a perfect copy; taking the victim’s face, his home, his family. His life. No longer a man but a hungry void, Ian Covey is a monster. Virtue has a veil, a mask, and evil has a thousand faces.

Mark Matthews - On the Lips of Children
A family man named Macon plans to run a marathon, but falls prey to people who dwell in an underground drug-smuggling tunnel. They raise their twin children in a way he couldn't imagine: skinning victims for food and money. And Macon and his family are next.

Bracken MacLeod - Mountain Home
Lyn works at an isolated roadside diner, where a retired combat veteran stages an assault. Surviving the sniper’s bullets is only the beginning. She establishes herself as the disputed leader of a diverse group that is at odds with the situation. Will she––or anyone else––survive the attack?

Gary Brandner - The Howling
Karyn and her husband Roy had come to the peaceful California village of Drago to escape the savagery of the city. But the village had a most unsavory history. Unexplained disappearances, sudden deaths. People just vanished, never to be found.

Gary Brandner - The Howling II
For Karyn, it was the howling that heralded the nightmare in Drago… the nightmare that had joined her husband Roy to the she-wolf Marcia, and should have ended forever with the fire. But it hadn’t. Roy and Marcia were still alive, and deadly… and thirsty for vengeance. 

Gary Brandner - The Howling III
They are man. And they are beast. They stalk the night, eyes aflame, teeth flashing in vengeance. Malcolm, the young one, must choose between the way of the human and the howling of the wolf. Those who share his blood want to make him one of them. Those who fear him want him dead. 

James Roy Daley - Into Hell
Stephenie Page and her daughter Carrie pull off an empty highway at a gas station. Carrie enters the building first. When Stephenie steps inside she discovers that the restaurant is a slaughterhouse. There are dead bodies everywhere. The worst part is… Carrie is suddenly missing.

James Roy Daley - Terror Town
Hardcore horror at its best: Killer on the warpath. Monsters on the street. Vampires in the night. Zombies on the hunt. Welcome to Terror Town. The place where no one is safe. Nothing is sacred. All will die. All will suffer.

James Roy Daley - The Dead Parade
Within the hour, James will witness the suicide of his closest friend, be responsible for countless murders, and become a fugitive from the police. In the shadow of his mind, a demon lurks. Bloodlust is a virus and it’s infecting his logic. Survival is not an option.

Tonia Brown - Badass Zombie Road Trip
Jonah has seven days to find his best friend’s soul, or lose his own, dragging a zombie across the country with a stripper who has an agenda of her own, while being pursued for a crime he didn’t commit… and dealing with Satan. Two thousand miles. Seven days. Two souls. One zombie. Satan. 

Matt Hults - Husk
When Mallory moves to a small town, her new home won’t be as boring as she’d feared. Who is the dark figure watching her? What is the shape hanging in the shadows of the barn? And why has someone begun digging up graves? In the end, one night will decide if the dead will rise.

Tim Lebbon - Berserk
On a dark night Tom begins to unearth the mass grave where he hopes––and fears––that he will find his son’s remains. Instead, he finds madness: corpses in chains and dead bodies that move. And one little girl, dead and rotting, who promises to help Tom find what he’s looking for… 

Best New Zombie Tales - Volume One
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic zombie anthology. Includes great tales by Ray Garton, Jonathan Maberry, Kealan Patrick Burke, Jeff Strand, Robert Swartwood, Gary McMahon, Kim Paffenroth… and so much more.

Best New Zombie Tales - Volume Two
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic zombie anthology. Includes great tales by David Niall Wilson, Rio Youers, Nate Kenyon, Tim Waggoner, Narrelle M. Harris, John Everson, Mort Castle… and so much more. 

Best New Zombie Tales - Volume Three
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic zombie anthology. Includes great tales by Simon Wood, Joe McKinney, Tim Lebbon, Nancy Kilpatrick, Paul Kane, Jeremy C. Shipp, Nate Southard… and so much more. 

Best New Werewolf Tales - Volume One
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic werewolf anthology. Includes great tales by Jonathan Maberry, John Everson, Michael Laimo, James Roy Daley, Douglas Smith, David Niall Wilson, Nina Kiriki Hoffman… and so much more.

Best New Vampire Tales - Volume One
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic vampire anthology. Includes great tales by Michael Laimo, David Niall Wilson, Tim Waggoner, John Everson, Don Webb, Jay Caselberg, Nancy Kilpatrick… and so much more.

James Roy Daley - Zombie Kong
Big. Bad. Heavy. Hungry. While a 50-foot tall zombie gorilla smashes the hell out of a small town, Candice Wanglund drags her son Jake through the hazardous streets in an attempt to get away from the man who is determined to kill them.  

John F.D. Taff - Little Deaths
Named the #1 Horror Collection of 2012 by Horror Talk / Named Top 5 books of 2012 by AndyErupts
You think you’ve got bad dreams? Consider author John F.D. Taff’s nightmares. Taff has the kind of nightmares no one really wants. But it’s nightmares like these that give him plenty of ideas to explore; ideas that he’s turned into the short stories he shares in his new collection.

John L. French - Paradise Denied
One of the best collections you’ll ever read. There isn’t a single story that feels like filler. Vampires, zombies, tough cops, faeries, heroes, or super-scientists, John French has got a tale for you, and it’s amazing. Readers agree: this is the book you won’t be able to put down. 

James Roy Daley - 13 Drops Of Blood
Thirteen tales of horror, suspense, and imagination. Enter the gore-soaked exhibit, the train of terror, the graveyard of the haunted. Meet the scientist of the monsters, the woman with the thing living inside her, the living dead. Quality horror with a flair for the hardcore. Not for the squeamish. 

Zombie Kong - Anthology
Zombies are bad, but ZOMBIE KONG is worse. Way worse. Big. Bad. Heavy. Hungry. This is the most original zombie anthology of all time. In the jungles, in the Arctic, in the cities, in the towns, Zombie Kong rules them all. Other zombies must bow to their god… ZOMBIE KONG! 

Paul Kane - Pain Cages
Reminiscent of Stephen King’s classic best-selling book Different Seasons, Paul Kane gives us an unforgettable collection of four novella-size stories. Each story is refreshingly original and delivers an emotional impact that is rarely seen in today’s literature. Speculative fiction at its best. 

Matt Hults - Anything Can Be Dangerous
Contains four amazing stories: Anything Can be Dangerous (the simple things in life can kill), Through the Valley of Death (a dark tale that will make you remember fear), The Finger (zombie literature has never been so extraordinary), and Feeding Frenzy (lunchtime in a place called Hell). 

Bill Howard - 10 Minutes From Home: Episodes 1 - 4
When a viral outbreak hits Toronto, Denny and Thom find themselves trapped in a town called Pontypool. As the streets begin to teem with violence, they must first find safety, and a way out of the now deadly metropolis.

Bill Howard - 10 Minutes From Home: Episodes 5 - 8
The journey gets bloodier as the group runs into hordes of the infected in a suburban neighborhood. Thom must make some drastic decisions when the survivors encounter a military camp. But does the camp provide safety, or just another hurdle delaying Denny’s expedition home?

Classic - Vampire Tales
Includes: J. Sheridan Lefanu / Bram Stoker / M. R. James / F. Benson / Algernon Blackwood / F. Marion Crawford / Mary E. Wilkins Freeman / James Robinson Planche / Johann Ludwig Tieck


Thank you for reading this book!



