
WE ARE THE EXTINCTION
Dext of the Dead – Book Four
By
Steve Kuhn

“Fans of The Walking Dead are going to love this series. The characters are realistic and witty, the dialogue is great and the writing is quickly paced. The series should do well. Recommended.” 
~ Weston Kincade, author of A Life of Death

- BOOKS of the DEAD -

Smashwords Edition


LOVE READING?
Sign up for BOOK-ie and find the best deals.
It's free!


This book is a work of fiction. All characters, events, dialog, and situations in this book are fictitious and any resemblance to real people or events is purely coincidental.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner without written permission except in the case of reprinted excerpts for the purpose of reviews.

WE ARE THE EXTINCTION

BOOKS of the DEAD

Copyright 2014 by Steve Kuhn

Edited by Wake Editing
Cover Design by Small Dog Design

For more information, contact: Besthorror@gmail.com
Visit us at: Booksofthedeadpress.com


Read All 5 Books In Steve Kuhn’s Amazing 
Apocalyptic Series Dext Of The Dead: 
WE ARE THE PLAGUE
WE ARE THE INFECTED
WE ARE THE ENTOMBED
WE ARE THE EXTINCTION
WE ARE THE END


Progress Report II

To: Col. Lang
From: Dr. Robert Albert Morofsky
Re: Progress Report II
Date: unknown

Chalmers finally arrived the night before last. He was malnourished and exhausted. I put him up in my personal quarters for the night and saw to it that he was well fed so that we could begin working together on a long list of tasks regarding Subject 17 and the captured afflicted once he was rested.
His first demand was that I provide a summary of findings about this situation as a whole. You’ll find this document attached at the end of this progress report. I’ll tell you up-front and off the record that we are in the deepest shit you can imagine. However, there is hope.
I’ll begin with an update on the findings regarding the Alpha Syndrome discussed in my last report. I am confident we have solved the mystery of this behavior, at least in part. After a series of controlled experiments conducted on solo afflicted and group afflicted in varying stages of decay, the findings are as follows:
Hive Mind with Singular Control (that is the theory that these creatures are operating as one massive unit with a shared consciousness) have been officially debunked. Each one of the afflicted has displayed the ability to calculate basic instinctual actions such as walking, grasping, eating, etc… possibly through muscle memory (findings incomplete), without the aide or presence of another afflicted in the vicinity. They will attack and consume any living flesh (animal, human, regardless) if they are made aware of the presence of such.
The interesting bit is that as they decay, albeit at a massively slower rate, they do indeed lose the use of certain senses. Nerve impulses continue to travel to the reanimated core of the brain, but exactly how this happens remains unclear. Regardless, a high percentage of the afflicted do eventually lose their sight, hearing, and eventually the ability to sense physical contact. Physical contact detection should not be confused with sensations of pain as we know it. We have found zero reaction to painful stimuli. Olfactory response (sense of smell) seems to be negligible.
The loss of these senses as time progresses seems to be the singular cause for the Alpha Syndrome displayed as these afflicted congregate in larger numbers. Loss of hearing and-or sight directly conflicts with an afflicted’s ability to satiate the instinctual need to feed. In short, they can’t ‘hunt’ us after a certain point of decay. This is when they tend to group with the ‘younger’ afflicted (the “neos,” as they are commonly called). These afflicted ‘alphas’ are consistently identified by their relatively young state of decay. In 100 percent of tests, the alpha retained enough senses to seek out and identify prey, thereby leading the others to the food source. 
Why is this important to know? The answer lies in the fact that they are continually in a state of decay and will eventually be unable to do much of anything. That is, they will completely rot if given enough time. If we can find a way to prevent the dead from turning, or at the very least contain or destroy the neos, the existing afflicted will simply expire with time as the very core of active brain tissue rots away—easier said than done, obviously.
Subject 17 remains a key to our efforts in perfecting the vaccine that clearly failed in its infancy. I deeply and truly regret that we allowed this to be distributed amongst the very men and women we are relying on to regain control of the situation on the ground floor. I’d like to go on record here and say that I strongly disagree with your decision to require said incomplete vaccination among the branches of the armed forces, and no amount of pressure to hand over another incomplete iteration of the vaccine until it is perfected will get me to do so. I will not have any more innocent people die for this. I feel that my findings via successful experimentation speak for themselves, and it is my sincerest hope that this will garner the respect I deserve for my work, that my input on the decisions that come along with it, as such, will be not be taken lightly.
The following is my report summary on the nature of the outbreak as a whole. It is in layman’s terms for the most part so that it is easily understood. Please file accordingly.
Spark is a natural substance of classified origin that, when altered by human methods, mutates certain genetics and has the ability to extend the life span of cellular matter (a natural ‘Fountain of Youth’). It was discovered in our modern day by a team studying plant life in an effort to explain why some species of trees are able to live hundreds of years. However, it has long been suspected that the Egyptians managed to harness the effect of this matter somehow, which gave birth to the stories of immortal God-Kings (pharaohs) who could live far beyond any regular mortal. It was only accessible to those of high importance in that society. Interestingly enough, it likely gave birth to the stories of mummies returning to life and the tomb curses that we’ve all heard countless times. It seems they had the same problems our current regime is having with regards to harnessing the power of the substance.
The material was tested on various animals and eventually on human subjects, most of whom were of military background and all of whom were specifically hand chosen because they had certain genetic and physical features that seemed to work well with the substance. For years, there was little to no success, but as technology progressed many of these subjects showed positive signs of accepting the substance such as accelerated tissue regeneration (fast healing), slower aging, etc. Unfortunately, many died along the way and these deaths were covered up by the regimes of the time. In a strange turn of events (perhaps a mutation of some sort), one of the subjects reanimated postmortem but showed no signs of being conscious of its former self, instead only focused on the consumption of flesh. Studies are still ongoing to discover the precise catalyst for this change. 
Moreover, reanimated subjects were found to be able to pass on the affliction through fluid transfer such as biting or direct contact with infected material introduced into the bloodstream. This results in a critical fever with 100 percent chance of fatality and further reanimation (with similar mindless, cannibalistic tendencies). It was shortly after this discovery and many close calls with the reanimated dead that the specially chosen scientific community began working on a vaccination. I was on one such team and actively pursued a working vaccine for some time. It had become clear that the bites (fluid contact) still resulted in 100 percent death due to the high fever, but reanimation postmortem was halted in many cases. The vaccination was more of an imperfect preventative measure at this time. However, due to the risk of contamination, the vaccination was mass-produced and required to be taken by all members and staff of the testing facility to lower the chances of a spread to the outside world. This was done against my better judgment and advice. Testing continued, but the outbreak was inevitable. 
Other anomalies popped up. One such anomaly is most probably the cause of the entire spread to the outside world. It is rumored that some of those with the vaccination in their bloodstream are overtaken by the affliction in their sleep and pass away (reanimate) just as if they had been bitten. This was an unforeseen mutation in the genetics and is still under study since it appears only a certain percentage is affected by this side effect. This was a catastrophic discovery because by the time we found out about it, the vaccine was broadly distributed among the men on-ground, actively fighting to restore order. 
Another anomaly is that it seems another mutation occurred once the affliction had propagated in the mainland. That is the supposed airborne transmission of the affliction that causes those not already in direct contact with affected individuals to reanimate upon even a natural death. So, it seems the governments of the world are now fighting this war on multiple fronts. The threats are everywhere in those already reanimated, those vaccinated and possibly turning unannounced, those bitten or otherwise affected by carriers, as well as those who die of natural causes (as well as murder, accidents, etc.)
Worldwide projections as of the last known communications indicate devastation and mass afflictions in all known continents, save for Antarctica. Colder climates seem to slow the afflicted and in many cases immobilize them completely. This has led to many American survivors fleeing north into Canada. 
Reports from the Canadian specialists have shown that this has actually had a surprisingly huge negative impact on that region as survivors place strains on the remaining resources. Civil disturbances and riots have led to mass suicides and murder, further increasing the spread. As the warmer climates fight the dead, the colder climates are fighting each other. 
It remains to be seen if there are more mutations on the horizon. The biggest fear is that the airborne form becomes more aggressive and causes the 100 percent fatal fever. If that happens, we’re all doomed. Luckily, there is no indication that this will happen as of yet.
On a personal note, my team and I would appreciate some guidance on the priorities here in New Mexico. How should we proceed, and where should we focus our efforts? We are spread thin as it is, and we’re working in many different directions. Is further explanation even important anymore? I feel that we should be looking into two things only at this point, and they are: 1) A viable vaccination for the remaining living. 2) A plan of mass extermination of the currently afflicted threats.
Please advise.

Sincerely,
Dr. Robert A. Morofsky 


Entry 116

JC is gone—for now anyway, but maybe for good. No way to tell, really. It’s his own fault. He’s got about a half hour by Murphy’s projection before we have no choice but to leave him behind.
I woke up this morning to find the others gathered around the table with an uncomfortable vibe filling the entire room. Before I could even scratch my nuts, Kylee was in my ear. “JC and Lilly are gone, and they left the Goddamn door unblocked. He better hope I don’t get my hands on him.”
Cutty added, “He done gon’ too far dis time, Dext. If I had ma way, he be cut off. Shit, I prolly wouldn’t even miss his ass. But he got baby girl wit’ him. Dat mean I’ma have ta bus’ his shit when dey get back.”
Kylee scoffed and told Cutty, “Get in line.” She turned back to me and said, “And after that shit you and Murphy pulled last night, I’m not even sure they’ll be back at all. If I had to call it, I’d say JC was none too pleased with you two. Lilly didn’t need to see all that.”
I tried to reason with her since Murphy was just sitting there in silence. “You’re right. She didn’t need to see all that, but she did. Lesson learned. I mean, what do you want from us?”
Kylee got shitty. “What do I want? How about the next time we have to settle a score, we leave out all the dramatic movie bullshit? Especially you, Murph. You need to get your shit together before you snap!”
Murphy looked up from his thoughts and said simply, “I’m fine now. Just worry about yourself. I did what I had to do, and it’s over now.”
Kylee huffed and plopped in a chair, frustrated. “Is it? Is it really over? Because, by my calculations, we still have one more to deal with… in case you forgot.”
Alyse brought out some bread and passed Hook a small amount of weed and a rolling paper. He nodded his thanks as she told him, “Make sure you eat first.” Then she addressed the rest of us with, “Try and calm down, all of you. I’m sure JC and Lilly are fine. She probably just wanted to get outside for a while. Poor girl’s been through a lot.”
Cutty replied, “I hope you right, Miss Alyse. What y’all wanna do with him?” He gestured in the direction of the trapdoor.
Murphy suggested, “Let’s just talk to him. I have some questions.”
No one protested, but no one moved either. Hook, having rolled himself a joint, sparked it up and walked over to the trapdoor with it hanging from his mouth. He lifted the door and crouched down to get the stranger out.
Boom!
Everyone jumped in surprise. We waited a few moments in silence.
Boom!
Another shot rang out. It sounded close.
Kylee snapped, “JC!”
Cutty drew his blades as everyone else made for their own weapons. Hook butted out his doobie, ran for his sawed-off, and announced, “Let’s go.”
I held up a hand and suggested maybe it wasn’t such a good idea for everyone to go. I told them it’d be stupid if we all went and ran into trouble. “Just let me and Cutty go scout it out quietly.” Kylee protested immediately, but I have her down. I can pretty much play her however I want, so instead of telling her, “No,” which I knew she would only perceive as a challenge, I told her, “I need you to hold shit down here. Keep an eye on Alyse and Hook, and the prisoner especially.” Then I told Murphy, “You’ve done your share of dirt for the group. Stay here and get your questions answered.”
Murphy looked down at the guy in the stash spot and nodded his assent.
Cutty and I hit the door and heard the barricade thump behind us as we made our way in the direction of the gunfire. Cutty asked me, “You up fo’ dis, homie?”
I shrugged him off and said, “Shouldah Niggas.”
He grinned and nodded. “Le’s do it.”
I headed toward the first bunny pen, since the shots came from that direction and I figured that’d be the most likely place for anyone to run into a bernie or two. We were double-timing it, so it didn’t take long.
Boom!
Another shot just as we hit the clearing near the pen.
Cutty saw them first and shouted, “Da fuck is y’all doin’?”
JC turned to greet us with a smile along with Lilly. She was holding a smoking pistol. JC proudly said, “Target practice! She’s really good! You guys wanna see?”
Cutty and I exchanged a skeptical glance before Cutty asked him, “What y’all doin’ out here. Don’t bullshit me.”
Lilly chimed in, “JC brought me out to show me the bunnies! Too bad some of them got hurt. They’re cute, though, huh?”
Cutty approached her and ruffled her hair, saying, “Yeah, baby girl, dey cute. Still, y’all shouldn’t be out here making all dat noise. Dead is all around us.”
Lilly handed her gun back to JC and proudly exclaimed, “Not anymore!” She was grinning from ear to ear.
Cutty shot a glance over JC’s shoulder, and his brow furrowed with rage. “You. Mutha. Fucka.” He was seething as he shoved JC out of the way.
Shit.
Behind them, still bound tightly to the tree, were the remains of Bianca. She had turned sometime overnight, as was evidenced by the early signs of decay on her face and arms, but there was a gaping hole in the middle of her forehead. Two other bullet wounds in her torso oozed the black-red blood of the dead.
Lilly told Cutty, “I did good, didn’t I? Got that monster right in her head.”
JC corrected her with, “Its head, Lil. They’re not ‘he’ and ‘she’ anymore after they turn.”
Lilly took the correction well and said, “Oh, yeah, right. Sorry.”
I tried to chill Cutty out, and instead of making a scene, I simply told JC, “Not cool, man. She’s five. I don’t know where your head is at sometimes…”
JC quipped, “Says the guy who came out here last night, tied a woman to a tree, and left her to die. You gotta lotta balls, Dext.”
I was about to keep going, but Cutty snatched JC up by the back of his shirt and shoved him in the direction of the cabin. “Git y’all asses back to the house. You an’ I gon’ have a talk ’bout dis. And, Lilly, don’t you say nuthin’ to nobody ’til us grown folk get a chance to hash dis out. I ain’t none too happy right now.”
Lilly pouted and asked him, “You mad at me, Cutty? I’m really sorry if you are.”
Cutty looked down at her and told her, “Naw, I ain’t mad at you. I’m just mad. Dat’s all.”
JC held up his hands in mock surrender and sarcastically said, “Wait, so, you guys are pissed because I taught her how to shoot? Wow, man. You guys are somethin’ else.”
I urged them to knock it off until we got back, telling Cutty he’d get a chance to say his piece soon enough. Unfortunately, he wouldn’t get that chance. We hoofed it back to the cabin, but JC snapped at us to stop a few hundred feet from it.
Cutty pushed him forward once more and told him, “Just shut it, JC. We through here.”
Finally, though, JC spun on Cutty and pointed his finger towards the cabin, angrily whispering, “Look!”
I followed his pointing and immediately hunkered to a crouch, pulling Lilly to the ground with me. There were about twenty or more geeks all over the cabin. They were scratching and biting at the walls, beating on the front door, and stacking up against one another to gain entry. Just inside the woods to the rear of the house were even more on the approach. Luckily the barricades were holding.
Cutty quietly snapped, “Shit! What we gon’ do?”
I held Lilly as she asked JC, “Where did they all come from.”
JC moved his lips to answer, but I interrupted them. “Your shooting. Your shooting brought them here.”
I was pissed, I can’t lie—still am pissed—but I shouldn’t have said that. I mean, fuck JC’s feelings… I don’t care how he takes it. Lilly shouldn’t have to feel guilty about it, though. It wasn’t her fault that JC had his head placed firmly up his own ass at the time. Regardless, she frowned deeply and said, “I knew you and Cutty were mad at me.”
JC held up a hand and said, “Fine. I get it, but we’re beyond that now. There’s too many to handle, and who knows how many more are in the woods or on the way. Kick my ass about it later. For now, it’ll have to wait.”
As JC made his way to his feet, Cutty asked him, “That’s it? What you gon’ do?”
JC smirked, kissed Lilly on the head, and told her, “I’ll be back in a few, kiddo.” Then he looked at me and Cutty. “I’m going to run.”
Before we could figure him out, JC dashed off directly towards the cabin and began shouting and whistling at all the dead. One of the neos turned to him as it picked up on the noise and began to pursue JC, snarling and groaning. In seconds, the others were also following. He disappeared into the woods with almost the entire group in tow, leaving behind only a few stragglers.
Cutty watched JC with his jaw hanging open and managed to stammer, “That crazy…”
“Motherfucker?” Lilly offered. “It’s ‘crazy motherfucker,’ right, Cutty?”
Cutty looked down at her and said, “Don’t say da ‘F’ word, baby girl. That’s one we gon’ keep fo’ da grown folk.”
She nodded as Cutty made his way into the clearing and kicked one of the remaining geeks to the ground. He hacked into its head, spilling brains and blood into the lush grass that surrounded the cabin. In seconds he had dispatched the last three.
When we opened the door, Kylee started in on me again with, “What the hell happened out there? Are they gone? How many?”
I didn’t feel like hearing her shit. I just came back here into the bedroom and shut the door. Let Cutty explain this shit for once. I’m over it. Bottom line is that the herd from the business park has no doubt changed direction, and Murphy stepped out long enough to watch for the birds. They’re coming, and we gotta go. If JC doesn’t make it back by the time we’re outta here, that’s on him. 
I hope he gets what he deserves.


Entry 117

I don’t usually ask for forgiveness from God, because my faith has always been questionable. In fact, on the rare occasion I do find myself asking the invisible, bearded man in the sky for guidance or whatever, I almost always feel guilty about it. Like, what kind of fair-weather asshole does that make me to only call on the dude when I need something? Any other time, I’m arguing against the presence of a higher power altogether. 
The only answer I have for that is that perhaps I’m hoping I’ve been wrong all this time and there really is someone up there (or out there) somewhere waiting to make himself known to me. Truth is that I’m scared shitless that the day will come when I die and I may actually have to face a judgment of some sort. So, every once in a while I give it a shot. It’s a lame insurance policy, I know, but at least it’s an effort. Anyway, if You’re up there, Big Guy, I want You to know that I’m sorry for saying what I said about JC getting what he deserved. I was just pissed off.
JC made it back to the house as we were loading up to leave. He had managed to lead the bernies away to buy us some time, but he was limping terribly. We helped him carry his gear to D-Prime and the jeep before returning to lead the prisoner to the trailer. We didn’t really have time to say much until we were back on the road. Cutty and Kylee were ahead of us in the jeep. We put Alyse, Hook, Lilly, and the prisoner in D-Prime’s trailer, and I sat in the cab of the truck with Murphy and JC. When we had some distance between us and the herd, JC told Murphy to pull over. 
Murphy joked about having to take a piss break already as he brought D-Prime to a stop. Kylee and Cutty pulled over and backed up to close the distance between us, and everyone bailed out. JC walked calmly to the trailer and threw open the doors, telling the others, “Come on out. We have to talk.”
With our entire group gathered around him, JC drew his pistol and handed it to Lilly. She held it cautiously yet comfortably just as he had taught her. “End of the road for me, folks,” he told us all bluntly.
Cutty eyed him skeptically and asked, “Da fuck you mean ‘end o’ da road’?”
JC answered him calmly with, “Things ain’t exactly goin’ to plan, Cutty. This is where we part ways.” Kneeling on both knees, he turned his attention to Lilly and took a long look at her. Brushing her hair from her face, he sat for a long moment in silence with his eyes misting over slightly.”
“What’s wrong?” Kylee asked. Her voice shook with nervousness.
JC sighed heavily and lifted his shirt to reveal a nasty wound on his left side just under his ribcage. It was covered in dirt and seeping blood slowly. “I got tripped up out there when I twisted my knee, and one of ’em landed on me. What else can I say? I’m bit. Game over.”
The reactions from everyone came swiftly and were exactly what you’d expect. Kylee and Alyse both gasped, while Cutty and Murphy shook their heads in disbelief with their mouths hanging open. Hook simply slumped back against the trailer and lit a joint.
That was when my heart dropped into my stomach and I felt the twinge of guilty fear burn through my entire body. It felt like those times when you did something shitty and your mother would be like, “Wait until your father gets home!” Then, you sit there all day with a knot in your gut like a nervous wreck.
Kylee covered her mouth then reached a hand out to comfort him, but he just waved her off. “Shit happens, right, guys? Hell… never thought I’d see the day when Dext Baxter outlived me,” he said, chuckling nervously before his smile faded into more of a desperate grimace. He shook his head to clear it and resolved himself. We all sat there in stunned silence.
The only one who didn’t react at all was Lilly. She just stared at him with an angelic, childlike innocence and asked, “So? Kylee got bit. Maybe you just need Alyse to fix you up.”
Alyse stepped up as if called into action, but Hook grabbed her shoulder and pulled her back. “None of our concern, Alyse. He knows what’s gonna happen.”
She stood down as she was told; her emotions were taking over. She offered a silent apology to JC before burying her head in Hook’s chest.
Putting his hands on her shoulders, JC told Lilly, “Lil, Kylee’s different. I’m not like her. She’s… special. And that’s why I’m putting you in charge of keeping her safe. Do you think you can handle that job?”
Lilly nodded solemnly and sniffed loudly in an effort to hold back tears. JC told her, “No tears, Lil. You’re my tough girl. I’ve taught you everything I can teach you, honey. You’re ready for this.”
Lilly shook her head and protested, “No, JC. You can’t go!” Her bottom lip quivered as she struggled to be strong for him. “You’re my best friend! I don’t want you to go!”
He pulled her in and hugged her tightly, kissing her on her forehead as he let her go. “We talked about this, Lil. Pretty soon I’m not gonna be me anymore. I’m gonna be a monster. This is the hardest lesson you’re ever gonna have to learn, but sometimes you have to let your best friends go. Just remember that I’ll always be looking down at you from heaven. I’ll watch your back, and you watch everyone else’s. You got this, kiddo.”
He grabbed the barrel of Lilly’s pistol and pressed it firmly against his own forehead, closing his eyes.
Kylee shouted, “No!” She poked him to get his attention and angrily said, “No way! Not like this. Lilly, give me the gun.”
Lilly shrunk in her own skin, unsure of what to do as Cutty stepped forward to protest along with Kylee. He demanded, “Hell naw, JC! You ain’t puttin’ dat on her.”
JC looked up at both of them and snapped, “This is between me and Lilly. This is the last thing I’m ever gonna get to be in control of, and I’m going out the way I want to go out! I’ve argued with you idiots long enough about this. Lilly is going to be a survivor because I taught her how to live! I taught her not to be afraid! While you were content to coddle her and hide her from reality.” He looked Lilly right in the eyes and said, “Lilly, you have to do this,” as he placed the barrel at his own head once more.
Lilly stood there with the pistol pointed at JC’s head, shaking and struggling not to cry. He told her, “It’s okay, Lil. Just like we practiced—squeeze slowly and don’t flinch. Let the gun do the work.”
Amidst the protests of everyone around them and the chaos of the shouting, JC and Lilly stood still like a picture frozen in time. Lilly pulled one hand away from the gun’s grip to wipe her nose childishly before replacing it and nodded at JC. She told him, “I love you, JC.”
“I love you too, Lil—”
Boom!
As JC’s lifeless body slumped to the ground, Lilly collapsed and cried hysterically. Kylee scooped her up and held her tightly as Cutty immediately snatched the gun from her hand. 
Hook sighed heavily, clearly disappointed, and asked, “What now?”
I told him that we would be burying JC before we moved any further, but Hook clarified, saying, “I figured as much, but I mean, where are we gonna go?”
Murphy spoke up and said flatly, “I’ll have a word with the prisoner while you tend to the body. Kylee, get that little girl inside. Alyse, go with her.”
Kylee added, “Let’s move as fast as we can, alright? That herd isn’t far enough behind us as I would like and I’m guessing they heard that shot.” 
It would be nearly an hour before we had JC interred along the side of the road. The others gathered around the plot and stood quietly. Kylee still had Lilly clinging to her. I silently thanked JC for the countless times he saved my ass, and I condemned him for the many times his cowboy ways got us into trouble. As much as I envied him… As much as I hated him at times… I’m going to miss JC—not just in a fight or when the shit hits the fan. I’m going to just miss his presence and the confidence he brought to us all.
We left JC behind us today, and it fucking sucked. I took one last look at the pile of dirt and the small marker we left on his grave as we pulled back onto the road, headed God-knows-where. Perched on the freshly turned earth, forever watching over JC’s remains, sat a small, stuffed dinosaur.
Good-bye, Jon Campbell.


Entry 118

People generally don’t change. Of course, lots of people don’t bother to try. See, one thing that will never sit right with me is that JC actually seemed to try. Back at the gas station, when Kylee was sick, during that run-in with the other group… JC killed those men in cold blood. We can talk shit all day long about how the standoff had escalated to a point where it was them or us, but it shouldn’t have even happened in the first place. JC took what we needed from them in an almost pirate fashion. If he hadn’t have made that move, I’d like to think that no one would have had to die that day. However, if he didn’t make that move, perhaps one of us would have died, namely Kylee—tough call.
Point is, after that day and the aftermath of it, he really did try to be a team player. He began to listen every once in a while instead of talking. He acted like part of the group finally and not as if he was an entity in and of himself. I respected—No… I respect his effort.
When we lost Fool to the accident, JC lost a good friend. I honestly believe that Fool was JC’s only real friend even though they had only just met. Those two clicked. They were a nasty team and thought on a tactical level that only Kylee, or maybe Hook, could understand. I really expected him to fall back into that solo mindset after that. I would have been able to understand it if that was the case. But he didn’t. He manned up.
What was the most shocking thing to me, above all else, was his relationship with Lilly. Far too often I found myself in the same boat as the others, criticizing the things he did—the way he splayed that bernie out in the field and showed Lilly the gruesome reality of the dead and this new world. I rolled my eyes along with the rest as I saw this little girl struggling to find the strength in her hands to break down a pistol for cleaning. Shit, I remember getting pissed the one time the spring came flying out and almost hit me in the face, but JC never lost his cool with her. He showed a patience and kindness towards her that I never thought he could’ve been capable of. I think we owe that to Kylee’s letter.
Kylee addressed all of us in her letter the day she left the community and set out on her own. She implored Cutty to protect us like he had always done. And anyone who has read a single word I’ve written about Cutty knows that he always does his best to ensure our safety. She told Murphy to keep his keen eye for bullshit and call it out whenever it rears its head. That’s what Murphy does—always has. In short, she told those two to just keep doing what they do well, but that wasn’t the case for me and JC. Kylee asked us to change. She told JC to care about someone other than himself for once, and he did just that. He gave everything he had to Lilly, down to his last bites of food. 
You know what sucks about that? We never made it easy on him. I can’t think of one single time where I actually sat back and realized that JC was making an effort to put someone ahead of himself. His methods were questionable, but like he always said, “It’s about survival.” What good is a precocious, little girl if she doesn’t live long enough to become an adult? What good is keeping her innocence if her innocence is precisely what gets her killed? And what good are we if we don’t train her with the knowledge we’ve picked up along the way? 
This world has always been ugly. I never really saw it until I became an ‘adult.’ I never really picked up on the true horrors of life and the terrible things people did to one another throughout the world. Children are shielded from these things whenever possible. Sometimes, though, the shit is just too deep. 
Like, when we used to see ten and eleven-year-olds in third-world countries toting AKs and lobbing grenades at tanks and shit. Americans saw that and shook their heads, thinking, Look at those animals and what they’re making their children go through. I used to think the same shit. Know what I think now? The only thing weaker than a child is an American child. Huddled in the safe confines of our borders, conflict free for the most part, our children became lazy, greedy, and self-entitled; in many ways, so had the parents.
So, what happened when the shit hit the fan in a big way? These doughy, little pricks got winded after running to the end of the block and became bernie-chow. Fuck, man, it never even crossed my mind. I never put two and two together. But JC knew it the whole time and refused to let Lilly be shielded and become weak. He refused to let her be prey to anyone or anything. 
JC died a changed man. You may be wondering why I’m even talking about this. Try to understand that JC and I knew each other from the beginning of this thing. He taught me how to sleep high off the ground. He taught me that a gun needs to be kept clean to be reliable. He taught me how it feels to be a burden so I could get better at surviving. He left in the middle of the night all those months ago, but I have to wonder if he came back into my life for a reason. The chances of that happening were beyond slim. I hope I made him proud at some point, because he’ll never really know what he meant to my own survival this entire time.
So, what about me? What about what Kylee said to me in that letter about leading the group and acting instead of thinking? I haven’t figured that out yet. It takes a brave man to enact change within himself. I don’t think I have the balls. Or maybe I’m just overthinking it.
One thing’s for sure. I’m going to back JC’s play with Lilly. If it becomes necessary, I’ll have the arguments with the others about coddling her and hiding her from the dramas of the new world. If anything, maybe Hook will have my back. If not, I’ll do it alone. And the first thing we’re going to do is get Lilly a gun that’s a little more her size—maybe a li’l .22 rifle, something that she can shoot from a distance accurately.
Anyway, enough of me rambling. Murphy says our stranger told him about some sort of military facility a little further southwest on the backside of Albuquerque. We’ll try and get there in the next couple of days. Apparently, that’s where Kilo was planning on stopping before they moved further towards the coast. I figure I’ll have a word with the guy myself before long.
But first, we’re making a pit stop. There are two things that I always promised myself I’d do before I kicked the bucket. One was to see the Grand Canyon.
The other?
Vegas, baby…


Entry 119

Okay. So, I’m an idiot. Everybody enjoy a laugh at Dext’s expense. Hardy-fuckin’-har-har.
After seeing it on the map, I excitedly told the crew that we were mere miles from Vegas and I wanted to at least plow D-Prime down the strip. Murphy rolled his eyes at me.
I was like, “What? I’m not askin’ to go in any casinos or anything. I just wanna see it.”
With Hook chuckling in the background, Murphy laid the map across the hood of the jeep and pointed to where we were at the moment. Then he told me, “We’re nowhere near Vegas, Sally.”
I scoffed at him and argued, “Psht! Yuh-huh! It’s right here, dumbshit!” I was pointing right at it.
Murphy face-palmed himself and took a deep breath in an effort to remain patient with me. “That’s Las Vegas, New Mexico, you silly shit! The real Las Vegas is way over here… in Nevada!”
I must’ve blushed big time because Alyse told me, “Aww… poor Dext. Guess you’ll have to wait to bet it all on red and let it ride. “ 
I mean, who knew there were two Las Vegases? Or is it Las Vegas’? Las Vegi? Fuck it.
Cutty smirked, hefted a machete to his shoulder, and let out a snarky, “Don’t y’all know? Always bet on black,” as he pounded his chest like a boss. He gave me a reassuring wink before laughing to himself.
Kylee’s signature smack on the back of my head clicked my teeth, as usual, and that was the end of that. I’m still gonna see Las Vegas. That’s a promise.
It’s been about two days since JC passed away. I guess you can call it that, “passed away.” Lilly seems better, but she’s still kinda mopin’ around. I’ve noticed she’s taken to Cutty in that time, and he’s been all right with her. They sharpened his blades this morning, and she seemed to really enjoy it.
Our stranger told us which highway to stick to, and we even cut him loose for a little bit. Cutty made him watch as he and Lilly sharpened the machetes, so I’m not surprised that the guy seemed more afraid to be loose than tied up. I know for a fact that Cutty stared that dude right in the eyes almost the entire time as the blades scraped along the stone with that shhhhhht, shhhhhht sound. That’s gotta be pretty intimidating.
I asked the dude his name, and he told me, “I don’t have a name.”
When I called bullshit, he explained, “My family is long dead—my children, my wife. Without them, I’m nothing, just another asshole trying to see another day. What the fuck does it matter what my name is or was?”
Hook jumped in and told him, “Knock it off, kid! You sound like a Goddamn drama queen and yer screechin’ is hurtin’ my damn ears. Quit yer belly-achin’ with that ‘poor pitiful me’ shit.”
The guy looked at me like, ‘What?’ 
I just shrugged like, ‘What can ya do?’
Hook’s military background had a way of showing up in the oddest places. I could tell he was old school, though. He was right. We’d all lost family, friends, whatever. This guy was being a straight-up bitch.
The guy told Hook, “Blow it out your ass, old-timer. You people either need to let me go or do whatever it is you’re going to do. I can tell you this much: Bianca and her crew had their shit together, at least. You people are a fuckin’ mess. The only reason I told that dog lover of yours anything about the facility is because I’m pretty sure he’s the nuttiest out of all of you. I’m tellin’ ya, that guy ain’t right in the head. None of ya are.”
Hook grabbed the guy by the nose, pinching it tightly in his hook-thingy, and stood him up to meet him eye to eye. I’m not sure what he was about to say or do, because we were interrupted by Kylee shouting, “Company!”
Everyone popped into action, taking no chances. Hook let go of the stranger and roughly spun him around to secure him once more before pushing him forcibly back in the trailer. Murphy slid an arrow from his quiver, and I drew down. It was readily apparent that we’d be missing JC’s bear and the long cover he provided. We’d have to make it happen another way.
A single vehicle was approaching, but Kylee didn’t seem too stressed out about it. She peeked through her scope with her good eye and added, “There’s two people! Both men! In uniforms!”
Kylee laid prone and kept her eye to the scope as she updated us from her perch on top of D-Prime. “They’re wearing marine gear! How you wanna play it?”
I shouted back at her, “Just watch them for now. I’ll make something to flag them down with. Don’t let your guard down. That goes for everyone! There’s only two of them, but we don’t know what their deal is! We’re taking no more chances. If they act shady, I’ll shoot them myself.”
Lilly smiled at me. I can’t lie; it felt pretty awesome to see her not only smile, but to smile at me of all people. I hefted her up onto the hood of D-Prime, and she scurried to the top of the trailer with Kylee.
She knelt beside Kylee and patted her on the back, saying, “Don’t worry, Kylee. I got yer back, Jack.”
Shit, this is gonna have to wait. I’ll explain how it went down later, but right now Murphy needs me to help him and the others move some cars out of the way before that six-pack of bernies we saw back there turns into more.


Entry 120

I guess I owe an apology for leaving that last one unfinished. I didn’t have much of a choice. Cutty said, “Dext! Get yo’ punk ass out hurr and help us move dis shit.” Whenever the words ‘punk ass’ leave Cutty’s mouth, it means someone is slackin’ off. I had to do what I had to do.
Anyway, these two guys were heading our way in a Humvee, all decked out in military uniforms from what Kylee could see, and we needed a plan to handle the inevitable meeting. I asked Kylee from my place on the ground if she still had her uniform with her. She shouted down from atop D-Prime, “Yeah, why? You gonna put it on again? That didn’t exactly work out with Tyler.”
That was a bullshit statement, and I knew she was just bustin’ balls. I told her, “Um… actually it did work out, just not the way we planned it. Put on your uniform. You’re taking this one.” She scoffed at me a bit and opened her mouth to argue, but I wasn’t really in the mood to hear it. I simply snapped, “Move your ass. You wanted me to lead? Careful what you wish for.”
She smirked and put her hand on her hip. “Not bad for a beginner.” 
She left Lilly atop the trailer and disappeared down Murphy’s homemade hatch into D-Prime to change. Now, Lilly didn’t know that Kylee’s rifle was just being used for its optics at the moment and it remained unloaded. That would turn out to be the luckiest thing to happen to those marines all day. 
As soon as they were close enough to see with the naked eye, Lilly panicked and screamed, “Noooo! No! Make them leave, Cutty! Please! Don’t let them hurt us! Dext? Murphy? Help!”
The Hummer came to a halt a few yards from our jeep as everyone scrambled around to see what Lilly was freaking out about. I’d only seen our group armed and ready to kill that fast one or two other times. Everyone had their heads on swivels looking for the threat that Lilly was shouting about, but it looked to us like nothing was wrong.
The marines exited the vehicle and immediately took aim at Lilly with their sidearms, shouting, “Drop that gun, little girl! Somebody tell her to drop that weapon now!”
One of the men began assessing us on the ground as targets while the other kept his sights on Lilly. He snapped, “Nobody fuckin’ move! Tell that kid to drop the weapon! Do it now!”
Hook and Murphy took aim on the men while Cutty and I shouted up to Lilly to calm down and drop the rifle. Lilly was having none of that. She just cried, “I’ll kill you! Cutty, please help!”
Kylee rushed up from inside the trailer just as Lilly began squeezing the trigger on the rifle. Nothing was happening, but Lilly, still in a panic, was frantically trying to get the gun to discharge at the two marines. Kylee snatched the weapon from Lilly and asked her frustratingly, “Lilly! Calm down! What’s the matter with you?”
Lilly looked up at Kylee, now in uniform, and began crying even harder. She was scared out of her mind at Kylee, too. She scrambled backwards across the top of the trailer and literally fell off it into Cutty’s waiting arms, where she buried her face.
Cutty brought her to the ground and took a knee while the marines, along with Hook and Murphy, held their defensive positions. He wiped her hair and tears from her face and asked calmly, “Baby girl, what da problem is? Talk to me?”
Lilly pointed at the men from the safety of Cutty’s shadow and said, “Pirates.”
It hit us like a ton of bricks. They were dressed like the ex-marines in Bianca’s group, and Kylee, although in army fatigues, looked similar. Lilly was scared for our lives, and she tried to protect us. Poor girl thought we were gonna go through all that shit again. The actions of those marines, including the one we had tied up in the trailer, had scarred her to a degree that our little Lilly would have tried to kill any potential rescuers. I felt like we failed her. We should’ve explained that those bad men were in no way a reflection of the real marines. 
Murphy told the two men, “Now… I’m gonna lower my weapon, and I expect you men to do the same. Don’t make me regret that decision.”
Hook smirked around his cigar stub and held his shotgun across his prosthetic, spouting, “Don’t worry, Murph. These two shitbirds ain’t about to do a Goddamn thing.”
The first guy lowered his gun along with Murphy, but the other one held firm. He kept his gun trained on us and spoke up, asking Hook, “What makes you so sure, old man?”
Hook took half a step forward, closing the distance between them slightly, and coolly lied, “Because your safety’s on, dipshit.”
The marine’s eyes widened at the revelation, and he took his finger off the trigger for a split second. He angled the gun slightly to check for himself, and that was when Hook made his move.
Stepping into the man much like he did with Cutty in the pot field, Hook managed to slip his pincher-thingy into the loop of the gun’s trigger housing. It looked like some shit you’d see from Steven Seagal—like Under Siege Steven Seagal, not fat, sloppy, old Steven Seagal. Hook flung the weapon to the ground, rendering it useless, and simultaneously put his shoulder into the guy, sending him back a few steps and off balance. By the time he was through, our boy Hook had his sawed-off held in his good hand and aimed directly at the other marine’s head, leaving the situation more or less diffused. “Whoo! Semper Fuckin’ Fi, bitches!” he cackled. He turned to the man he disarmed and said, “Old man? Old man? Yer ass!”
“Enough!” Kylee dismounted D-Prime and hit the ground with a solid thump. She had her serious face on. This sexy bitch went right into military mode and played it up perfectly. “Alex! Stand down. Now! Dext, Cutty, Murphy… everybody, back up!”
She gave us a cheeky wink as she sauntered past us, approaching the marines. Taking note of the names on their uniforms, she addressed them directly, “Corporal Mason, Corporal Santi, I am Staff Sergeant Kylee Peel. Army. You’ll have to excuse my friends here. Things haven’t exactly been outstanding lately. You think you gentlemen are ready to talk, or are we going to play patty-cake until we’re knee deep in the dead?”
Mason, the dude that Hook pretty much just punked, picked his gun up off the ground and holstered it. “Yeah, I think we can talk. That little girl almost got herself shot. What the fuck is she doing with a piece like that anyway?”
Kylee gave him a cold stare with her good eye and laid into him, demanding, “First of all, Corporal, do you see this?” She motioned to the patch on her arm which showed her rank.
He gave a quick nod and said, “Yeah.”
She asked him, “You know what it is?”
He shrugged and answered her with, “Yeah.”
Right then and there, Kylee stepped up in his face and pressed her nose against his. She seethed, “Then you know that if you say ‘yeah’ to me one more time, I’ll string you up by your fucking balls and gut you while Corporal Santi stands here and watches. Because I don’t give a good God damn about what branch you represent. You will respect my rank, and you will conduct yourself accordingly. Are we clear, Corporal?”
With an almost audible gulp, he cowered slightly, but quickly regained his composure. I guess he just needed a reminder, because he snapped to attention and answered with, “Yes, Staff Sergeant. Apologies, Staff Sergeant.”
Kylee nodded her approval and stepped back before continuing. “Good. Then I’ll be asking the questions, red patch. You men are LSS, correct?”
The other guy, Santi, spoke up, answering, “Yes, Staff Sergeant. MOS 0481 LSS. Landing Specialist Support.”
Kylee glared over at him and snapped, “Thank you, Corporal Santi, but I was asking Corporal Mason. Where are the rest of your men? What is your mission?”
Mason was now comically confused as to who Kylee was addressing due to the clever way she asked one of them the question with her eye on the other. These dudes were shaken up, and our girl was showing us exactly how her old man used to treat her as a child. 
Mason took a chance and blurted, “Permission to speak freely?”
She nodded.
He told us, “We’re runners.”
Kylee pressed for more, saying, “Aaaaaand…?”
Santi chimed in, “Communications have gone to shit with the exception of one comm. We’re running intel and orders from the LZ to Lima Company to the southeast.”
We know Lima! Or, at least, we know of Lima. So, I butted in and asked, “What about Kilo? You guys know Kilo?”
Mason looked at Kylee almost for permission to answer me before telling us all, “Kilo, yeah. Them boys ran into some nasty shit and lost a bunch of men. I hear they got some reinforcements, though, and are back on track further west. They’re supposedly heading for the LZ in Sector C.”
Kylee raised a hand to slow him down and asked, “Where is Sector C? And what are they doing once they get there?”
Mason smiled. “You mean you haven’t heard?”
“Heard what?”
He continued, “We secured Fort Bragg. They’re running boats offshore to our carriers and even some oil rigs, using the Fort as a jump-off point. We’re taking the news to Lima because their job is done for now.”
Cutty said to him, “Whoa, whoa, whoa… Whatchu mean ‘done’?”
Mason smiled, almost relieved. “We’re done for now. We’re all being pulled back to regroup at the fort. Our orders for Lima are to pull back and bring any survivors already accounted for. Rescue missions are to cease until further notice.”
Kylee asked him, “What about other survivors? There are other people out there that need help.”
Mason’s face showed a genuine disappointment as he told us, “Nothing we can do. We can only hope that once we’re regrouped and restocked that the higher-ups have a new plan—one thing at a time.”
Murphy finally stepped up and asked him, “We heard about some facility around Albuquerque… some military installation. You fellas know anything about that?”
Mason and Santi exchanged an uncomfortable glance before he asked Murphy sternly, “How’d you know about that?”
Kylee snapped, “Is it there or not?”
Mason answered her, “Yes, Staff Sergeant.”
She pointed at Santi and Murphy and ordered, “You. Go with Murphy and show him where it is on the map.” 
Santi nodded and pulled Murphy aside to our jeep, where they began spreading the map open and chatting quietly.
Mason finally said, “With all due respect, Staff Sergeant, we’re up against the clock here. We really need to get going.”
Kylee nodded her understanding and fibbed, “I’ll see to it your CO knows how helpful you were today.”
Relief washed over him, and he asked us, “You guys got any extra ammo? We’re running a little low, and we got a long way to go.”
Sure we did. We had plenty of ammo in the trailer from Bianca’s crew. Alyse heard the request and spun on her heels without a word to fetch some. She stopped in her tracks, however, when I told the guy, “No. We’re fresh out.”
Kylee backed my play. “He’s right. We’re low, too. Everyone is hurting for ammo.”
Mason hung his head, slightly disappointed, and asked her, “Will there be anything further, Staff Sergeant?”
Kylee made a motion to dismiss them, but Hook appeared from the rear of the trailer just in time to say, “One more thing.”
He was dragging our prisoner behind him as he approached the marines and dropped him with an unceremonious thump.
Kylee’s eyes lit up, and she quickly brought the prisoner to his feet. She shoved him towards Mason and ordered, “This man is now your prisoner. You will take him with you and have him charged with desertion and treason. He left Kilo Company, joined a band of raiders, and participated in the robbery and murder of innocent American citizens.”
Mason balked slightly and said, “Staff Sergeant… I… We can’t handle a prisoner right now. We can’t even hold a trial at this point.”
Kylee pointed to Lilly and said, “His group pointed a gun directly at the head of that little girl over there. The reason she flipped out when you showed up is because she watched this man, who wears the same uniform as you, and his people, kill our pet and threaten to kill us. They robbed us and left us for dead!”
Mason sighed heavily and looked at each of us individually. Then, he pulled the gag from the prisoners mouth and asked him simply, “Is what she says true?”
Our prisoner stammered, “Yes. It’s true… but, but… it wasn’t like I was going to do it. I was just with those people… I… I’m not like th—”
Mason replaced the gag on his mouth before he could finish. “I’d say that’s an admission of guilt, wouldn’t you?” he asked Kylee.
She nodded and answered, “You’re damn right.”
Mason took the prisoner and escorted him to the rear of the Hummer.
Boom!
Bright-red spray misted the air around Mason as the prisoner’s corpse slumped to the ground beside the vehicle. Mason holstered his weapon and wiped his face, telling Kylee, “I have a daughter. By his own admission, he was guilty and sentenced to death. You gonna make that a problem for me?”
Kylee shook her head and said simply, “You’re dismissed.”
Mason called Santi over from Murphy and told him, “Help me get that uniform off him. He doesn’t deserve to wear it.”
That was about ten hours or so ago. The roads around here are pretty jammed up still, so getting D-Prime in and out has been a challenge. Murphy figures we’ll hit this facility by morning. As for Lilly, she’s doing better. Seeing Kylee handle business back there has had quite an impact. She told Cutty to call her “ma’am” from now on and not “baby girl.” That should be pretty funny.


Secure Connection

……………
……………
Spark2 Secure Shell> open
( to ) Spark1
Connecting to Spark1…
……………
……………
Connection established!
Spark1> Chalmers?
Spark2> Yes.
Spark1> Prove it. Give me the pass code.
Spark2> No.
Spark1> Because you don’t know it?
Spark2> No. Because you haven’t asked the proper question.
Spark1> Fine. What’s the password?
Spark2> New England Clam Chowder.
Spark1> Is that the red or the white?
Spark2> White.
Spark1> Hello, Chalmers. Before we begin I want you to know that that is the dumbest pass code I have ever heard in my entire military career. From here on out, I will assign them personally. Clearly, you can’t handle being charged with such a task without acting like an eight-year-old child.
Spark2> Aww c’mon, Colonel. Everybody loved Ace Ventura.
Spark1> Look, smartass, cut the shit. You’re there to do a job—a very sensitive and highly classified job. Act like it.
Spark2> Yes, sir. You had something important to discuss, correct?
Spark1> Yes. Morofsky. 
Spark2> Yes, sir. Are we off the record?
Spark1> Absolutely. What’s about to be said here can go nowhere else. That’s why I wanted this single channel opened. No more writing between you and me. What is Morofsky up to lately?
Spark2> He’s been running around here like a madman. Frankly, I don’t think he has enough staff to do everything he’s trying to do. He’s got experiments going in three different containment areas, he’s got the lab running samples day and night, and he spends every second he can with Subject 17. The guy’s not happy with you at all, Colonel. He says you’re asking too much of him and the staff. He told me this morning that he should be doing one thing and one thing only—that’s focusing on a good vaccine using Subject 17 as the template. He’s even threatened to tell the others that you were the one who ordered the improper vaccine to be distributed.
Spark1> I knew that little weasel was going to be a problem. Listen to me very closely. Under no circumstances are you to allow him to make that known. Tell him to cancel all other experimentation and just focus on Subject 17 if that’s what he wants—whatever will keep him quiet. I have a sneaking suspicion that Kylee’s pregnancy has something to do with her ability to survive being bitten. I only wish she was still alive.
Spark2> Yes, sir. I’m sorry that I had to be the one to tell you about that. I just thought it would be better coming from me than if you read about it in the journal transmissions.
Spark1> I meant so that we could run some tests on her and find out if the baby was fully immune and so on. Don’t get soft on me now, Chalmers. 
Spark2> Oh. Yes, of course. Sorry, sir. So, what do we do if Morofsky starts talking?
Spark1> That would make him a threat to national security—a threat that must be eliminated with extreme prejudice.
Spark2> With respect, sir, is it a threat to national security or a threat to you personally?
Spark1> I will decide what counts as a threat to national security, not you. If he talks, we’re finished.
Spark2> We, sir?
Spark1> Let me make this clear, Chalmers. There is potential here to not only wield the greatest biological weapon ever known to man as well as a key to a prolonged life. The power that those two things can provide can’t even begin to be measured. As it stands, you are one of only a handful of people that know what is going on here, and I intend to keep it that way. When this all blows over, we will be rich beyond our wildest dreams, and this will all just be an ugly memory. Now, I need you onboard 120 percent. Understood?
Spark2> Yes, sir. Of course. I just don’t feel comfortable with how many lives we’re ruining for that end result. This outbreak has devastated everyone. Do we really need to begin killing what’s left?
Spark1> The end justifies the means, Chalmers. Just follow the orders.
Spark2> I don’t know if I can anymore.
Spark1> You can, and you will—unless you want to discuss the alternative.
Spark2> Alternative?
Spark1> Your wife and son are being held safely in Sector C, as you well know. They are safe because up to this point you have been a model of loyalty and strength in the face of adversity. You are a trusted member of my personal staff, Chalmers. It would be a shame if they had to be sent away, wouldn’t it? Am I making myself clear?
Spark2> Crystal, sir.
Spark1> I mean it, Chalmers. Your country needs you right now. This is war. War is never pretty, son. We’re counting on you.
Spark2> Yes, sir.
Spark1> Good man.
……………
……………
Spark2> Quit
Connection closed on port 5651
……………
……………
Would you like to open another connection?
Spark2> No


Entry 121

The guy was lying there in the middle of the road surrounded by five or six of them. He was alone. A huge chunk of his leg was missing, and it was bleeding heavily as he kicked them back the best he could. No telling what his wound was from. The only weapon was on the ground on the other side of the incoming bernies, so he was pretty-well fucked.
We stopped D-Prime and bailed out, giving the trailer a good bang on the side to let the others know they needed to get out. Kylee gave the jeep a little gas and slammed into three of the dead—not hard enough to damage the vehicle or anything, but enough to send them sprawling to the pavement. The man cried out, “Oh, thank God! Please. Kill ’em. Get ’em away. I have to get to my son.”
I was on the approach to lend a hand as Cutty tore into the three that were left surrounding the guy on the ground. He hacked into one of their skulls, but one of his machetes got wedged in pretty good. It slipped from his hand as the geek fell. The bernie landed on the man, lying across his midsection. Cutty cursed the situation angrily, snapping, “Bitch! Dull ass muh-fucka! Just sharpened dat thing the otha day, too!”
Unfortunately for the guy on the ground, that dull blade would be his ultimate undoing. It stuck in the bernie’s skull, but didn’t make it all the way through to the brain. As soon as the creature landed on the man’s gut, it started chewing. The guy screamed in pain and fear at Cutty, “Get it off me! Get it off me!”
I couldn’t quite hear Cutty over the screaming, but I could tell he was megapissed off. He reached down and grabbed the geek by what was left of its shirt, pulling it away with his free hand and slinging it to the ground. In the same motion, he swung his wielded machete, cleanly decapitating another one of the impending dead. He held the biter captive by pinning its head to the concrete with his boot while dispatching the second of the three. Finally able to focus on the last threat, Cutty took his remaining machete, turned it backwards and brought its blunt edge down hard onto the one lodged in that geek’s skull, driving it the rest of the way through to the brain.
Murphy and Kylee had made short work of the three she hit with the jeep by the time the others and I were in working distance, and not a single shot was fired. Hook lit the cigar stub in his teeth and took a long pull off his meds before blowing the skunky smoke into the breeze. “He’s done.”
We gathered around the man and took a long look at him. His stomach was torn open awfully, and he was bleeding some seriously dark blood. We could see through the gaping hole only for a moment before the cavity filled with blood and overflowed, sending it down his sides and onto the ground, pooling under his back. Murphy nodded agreement with Hook and added, “Damn. Took a hunk of his liver, too.”
Kylee noted, “At least he’ll bleed out before the fever and all that. Even still, he’s gonna go slow unless we do something.”
The man gasped as he entered into shock and started to shiver. Tears trailed down his temples and fell to the ground from his ears as he stared back up at us, trying to plead for help. He managed to say, “My… my boy… he… needs his gun. Get his gun for him? Take him with you.”
I didn’t see any boy anywhere around. None of us did. Kid must’ve ran off to save his own ass or something. Who knows?
Lilly knelt beside him and looked at him for a short moment. She began rifling through his pockets, digging for anything useful: bullets, food, anything. She was all business about it—cold. She popped up when she was through and handed a pocketknife off to Kylee along with a couple of rifle rounds. Kylee accepted them kindly without a word.
Cutty spat on the ground, still pissed off, and said, “My fault, y’all. I thought I had it put down. I’ll take care of him.”
Putting a hand on Cutty’s arm for a quick second, Hook told him, “Ain’t your fault. With or without us, he was as good as dead. I’ll put him down if you don’t wanna.”
Cutty waved him off in a ‘no big deal’ kinda way.
With a shrug, Hook walked over to the rifle and picked it up, at which point the man turned his head slightly to ensure the weapon was in good working order for his son.
I took the shot. I put him down.
It wasn’t about who was going to carry the weight of another death. I didn’t do it because I wanted to be merciful, either. Truth be told, I just wanted to get the fuck outta there. The end result was going to be the same anyway, so why the hell were we even standing there talking about it? Put his lights out and move on. Not our fault. Not our problem.
On the way back to the truck, Hook passed the rifle to Lilly and told her, “This looks to be about the right size for you. Once we’re back on the road, I’ll show you how this one works. Just keep yer fingers off the trigger and the safety on like JC taught ya.”
Alyse stood still, causing Murphy to turn around and ask her, “You comin’ or what?”
She said, “What about the boy? His son?”
Murphy took a look around, as did Kylee, before answering, “I don’t see a boy. Do you?”
Alyse huffed impatiently and crossed her arms. “We have to at least look around and try to find him.”
Murphy turned his back to her, saying, “We just did.”
She stomped back to the trailer in a huff, clearly frustrated with the decision.
You know what bothers me the most? The more I replay the scene in my head, the more I don’t want to be that guy. I guess we could’ve comforted him and told him it would be all right or whatever, but instead we were discussing who was gonna kill him. That’s some pretty heavy shit—not so much for us, but for the poor bastard lying there about to die. You would hope that someone would tell you something positive if you were lying there in a puddle of your own blood. Instead, he had to listen to us exclaim how he was dead already. He had to feel Lilly going through his things. He had to wonder which one of the strangers he was looking up at was going to be the one to put a bullet in his brain. And then he had to wait for it.
I bet that sucked hard.
What have we become?
Who am I?
Who are Murphy and Kylee anymore?
Cutty?
Fuck ’im…
Better him than me.
What about the kid?
What kid? I didn’t see any kid.


Entry 122

Finally. It took nearly twenty-four hours to get my shit back. They took my journal, my clothes, all of our weapons, D-Prime, the jeep, everything. I still have no idea where the others are yet. 
I’ve been told that I’ll be able to talk to them once they clear decontamination, which fuckin’ sucked, by the way—standing there, butterball naked, while some douche-nozzle in a lab coat poked and prodded me, taking pictures of scars, scrapes, cuts, or whatever. Then I had to stand in some shower thing while they sprayed me with near boiling water. It was humiliating. 
We were hoping for a warm welcome and maybe a pat on the back for making it this far. We were hoping for a hot meal, a proper shower, maybe a cute nurse to look us over. Instead, we’re being treated like prisoners. I’ll spare you the cavity-search details, but I will say that a reach around woulda been nice.
Lilly had the worst time. I’ll get to that, but mark my words; if I get a chance to see the grunt that took her from Kylee’s arms and shoved her into the exam room, I’ma break his fuckin’ jaw. She should’ve been able to stay with one of the girls. I’m worried about her.
We had an outright verbal brawl with Alyse after the situation on the road back there. We hadn’t seen her get pissed up until that point, and while she remained emotionally in control, she was well fired up. Shit, she even told me and Murphy that we were “morally dead.” She told us that we had forced her hand by leaving without a thorough search. I dunno. I get what she was saying, but we’re a group. We can’t just be expected to cater to one opinion. And frankly, Hook and Alyse haven’t been with us all that long compared to the others.
Truth is, Alyse is kinda worthless. Sure, she’s nice. She’s got a good heart, a little medical knowledge, but we were good with Murphy being our medic from time to time. So, what does she offer? What does she come to the table with? A Bible. Whoopity-fuckin’-doo-da-day! That might help Cutty through a rough patch here or there, but if you ask me, she’s just another mouth to feed. We keep her along because she’s Hook’s sister—period. Hook is the real gem. He’s proven his worth on more than a few occasions, and the guy’s got balls of stainless steel. Alyse… meh… Lilly likes her, I guess.
The only thing that kept me from telling her to shut the fuck up was when she said, “If that boy is out there… unarmed and alone… just lost his father… possibly the only person he had… he’s not just going to die. He’s going to die scared. Would you want that for Lilly? And now I have his blood on my hands because I could’ve done something, but you guys wouldn’t let me.”
I probably could have come up with something clever to say, but I didn’t have to. She buried her face in her hands and sobbed. The conversation ended itself. What more could be said, really?
The silence that followed was only broken when Murphy pointed and announced, “There it is!”
There it was indeed. As we crested a hill, our goal sat within our grasp—a sprawling complex with high, red-brick walls topped with razor wire. Towers posted with snipers kept the dead that wandered in at bay, leaving them littered on the sandy gravel outside. From our approach we could see that the facility had multiple buildings within its walls, and it looked well populated—a literal desert oasis.
We stopped and got out of the vehicles to take in the sight. All the tension from the previous days melted away, and we were happy for that moment. Cutty shook Hook’s hand and pulled Alyse under his arm in a half hug. Kylee smiled at me as she picked up Lilly and gave me a big hug, too. Squished in the middle of the two of us, Lilly squirmed and said, “Ick! You’re smushin’ me!” It was amazing. It really was.
Murphy brought an old pair of binoculars to his eyes as we celebrated around him. “I was afraid of that.”
With five words ,Murphy took the wind right out of our sails. Kylee asked curiously, “Afraid of what?” as he offered her the binoculars. 
As Kylee took a closer look, Murphy clarified for the rest of us, saying, “No civilians. Just lab rats and military.”
Cutty tried to remain positive, offering, “Maybe dey all inside.”
Maybe. I remembered Murphy’s first days with us and reminded the others, “Murphy spent how many years in a place like that? And when he decided to leave, it wasn’t under the best circumstances.”
Murphy gave me a look and added, “That’s the understatement of the century, Sally. I hate to piss in everybody’s cereal, but I don’t like it.”
I’d be remiss if I didn’t tell you that the idea of a bowl of cereal and some ice-cold milk came to mind. I haven’t had milk in forever. I used to hate milk by itself, but damn… sitting there on a Saturday morning, watchin’ some cartoons as a kid, munchin’ on a bowl of Frosted Flakes or some other sugar-coated shit was awesome. I joked, “If I actually had a bowl of cereal right now, Murph, a little piss wouldn’t stop me from me eating it. I’m goin’ in.”
Cutty agreed, saying, “Hell yeah, nigga. Ain’t no way I’m tryna spend one mo’ day out dis bitch right hurr. Ain’t dat right, baby girl?” Lilly scowled at him until he corrected himself, saying, “Oh, ma bad… Ain’t dat right, ma’am?” 
She grinned at that and nodded.
We began to make our way back into the vehicles with Murphy protesting and warning us, “It’s not a good idea. We should post up here for a while, watch it for a bit.”
No one paid him any mind. We just kept getting ready to roll out.
Alyse looked over her shoulder, shooting daggers at Murphy. “Doesn’t feel so good when you’re on the other side, does it?”
The huge, metal gate clanked to life when we stopped and got out. Kylee had the presence of mind to tie an old tee shirt to the barrel of her rifle and wave it around, but that didn’t stop them from treating us like some sort of domestic terrorists.
A group of about twelve men in uniforms rushed out, armed to the teeth, and held us at gunpoint. I mean, look, there was a time when I would’ve been shittin’ bricks, but honestly, it was a ‘whatever’ moment for me. Sad to think that I couldn’t even count how many times I’d had a gun pointed at me in the past few months. I guess you can really gauge how screwed up everything is when a gun pointed at you is the least of your worries.
One of the men stepped forward and authoritatively told us all, “Move along. You’re not welcome here.”
Murphy took the opening to bolster his own position, saying, “You heard the man. We’re not welcome. Let’s go.”
Kylee was having none of that. She stepped forward and demanded, “We’re here seeking sanctuary, nothing more. Let us pass.”
The man eyed her coldly. “Lady, this isn’t a rescue station. This is a military facility. Turn around and leave now, or I’ll give those men the order to fire.” He pointed to the tower that loomed above us. “They never miss.”
Kylee puffed her chest and snapped, “I am Staff Sergeant Kylee Peel, United States Army. You will stand your men down and let us pass!”
They laughed. Can you believe that shit? They all started chuckling at us. The marine told her, “Lady, I don’t give a good God damn if you’re Mary Fuckin’ Poppins and the Chimney Sweep Gang. Turn around and get your asses outta here. Last warning.”
She stood there stunned. We all did, really.
A man in a lab coat peeked around the corner from inside the gate and feebly asked, “Say that again?”
“What?”
He repeated, “Your name. Say your name again?”
“Staff Sergeant Kylee Peel, United States Army.”
I don’t know why, but the nerdy dude told the marine, “Let them in. Do it quickly.”
The marine started to argue, but nerdy dude grew some balls on the spot and told him, “Stand down, Chavez! Bring them in.”
This Chavez guy cussed under his breath and huffed like a pissed-off, little baby before giving a ‘wrap it up’ sign with his hand. “Fine. Fuck it, but it’s your ass, not mine, egghead.”
They escorted us in without another word and rushed us all into one of the nearby buildings. That was where we got separated. That was where Lilly was pushed screaming and crying into the exam room alone and the others were led into different areas. Chavez—he and I are far from done. 


Entry 123

Lilly arrived at my door carried by Cutty and escorted by two armed guards. By that point I had already showered and scoured my quarters for anything useful. As I noted before, there was nothing in the room that could even remotely be used as a weapon, but I had an idea for that. The place was like a dormitory of some sort. Comfortable, though small, it was equipped with a single set of bunk beds, a small desk, dull tile flooring, and a private bathroom. It looked even smaller with Cutty’s enormous frame looming inside.
The guards let them in and closed the door swiftly. The clicking of the lock made me ill, though. It may have been comfortable, but it felt like we were prisoners.
Cutty plopped down in the desk chair and let Lilly down. Sitting on the bed, I asked her how she was holding up. She shocked me by not responding with words and instead giving me a huge hug. She laid her head on my shoulder and sobbed pitifully.
I held her for a long moment in silence and let her get it all out. When she was through, she lifted her head and wiped her snotty nose with her sleeve. Her eyes were red and swollen, and her little lip quivered, wrinkling her chin adorably. She told me, “I miss Mommy.”
I guess that was natural. What little kid wouldn’t want their mommy in this situation? I tried to give off an air of confidence, telling her, “You have us now. It’s not always gonna be easy, Lil, but we’ll do everything we can to figure this all out.”
She stayed stuck to me like a baby koala bear while Cutty and I caught up. I asked him about the others.
He exhaled audibly and told me, “Murph is wit’ dat little white dude that let us in hurr. Hook and Alyse still gettin’ worked ova’ by the docs.”
I asked about Kylee, and he shook his head. “Ain’t seen her,” he told me with visible worry creasing his brow.
Lilly murmured something softly, causing me and Cutty to ask her to repeat it. She made an effort to repeat it, saying, “The mean guy said she was gonna be ‘quarmateemed.’”
Cutty and I figured it out instantaneously, and I could feel my eyes grow as wide as dinner plates. Shit. Quarantined. They found her bites.
Cutty said flatly, “Dis bad, Dext.”
I nodded and took a second to take it all in. 
We had to think logically. This entire place was inhabited by two types of people, doctor types and military. That meant the doctor types had to be studying this thing, and the military was keeping this place protected. Now, that made our little crew the odd one out. That much we could assume by our treatment thus far. 
With the exception of Chavez, we’d been treated well enough. The examinations, while off-putting, were understandable. They certainly wouldn’t tolerate anyone at risk of turning here so, of course, they would look us over as thoroughly as possible. And they also wouldn’t want any group to come in here and cause a ruckus, which explained the escorts and the locked doors.
So, the question remained: Why did they let us in at all? Why did that little, nerdy dude call a halt to the challenge at the gate and demand we be brought inside? And now, they were definitely going to want to look at her closely and find out why she’d been bitten without turning like everyone else.
That was the key.
I told Cutty, “We need to talk with Murphy. He’s our money card here. He speaks their language, and if he’s already warmed up to the one that got us in, he’s got the inside track.”
Cutty rubbed his face as he pondered my words. “You think he can figga out where Kylee at?”
I didn’t have a clue. I was shooting from the hip, just the same as I’d done since day one, but Kylee said to lead them. “He’s gonna have to, Cutty.”
Cutty nodded and seemed satisfied with that for the moment. He asked me, “What ’bout when we do find her? What we gon’ do den?”
We were interrupted by a loud knock on the door. I called for them to come in, and the door swung open to reveal Hook and Alyse. They, too, were escorted by two men who waved them inside. They looked rattled, but healthy otherwise. Cutty spoke up and tried to ask the escorts a question, but the door slammed shut and locked tightly before he could even finish. He looked at us incredulously and said, “You belie’e dat shit?”
Alyse immediately came to my side and knelt down, asking Lilly, “You okay, honey?”
Lilly nodded slightly and reached for her, so Alyse just scooped her up and took her into the bathroom. She looked over her shoulder and told us, “I’ll make sure she’s all right.” She took a second to formulate her words before finishing with, “You know… girl stuff.”
We all nodded, and Hook told her, “Good idea. Do that.”
Once the door shut behind them, Hook opened up with, “Helluva welcoming committee they got here, eh? Ain’t been looked over that closely since the day I lost my arm.”
I asked him if he was all right… Alyse, too. 
He shook his head in the affirmative and said, “Yeah, we’re fine. They even let me have my meds back. Seems the tolerance for medical weed has made a turn for the better since the dead started walkin’ ’round eatin’ people. Still can’t smoke inside, though.” He chuckled at his own statement.
That caught my attention. I asked him if he’d been outside yet. He told us, “Hell yeah, I been outside. But the sons o’ bitches never left my side.”
Cutty asked him, “What’s going on out there? What’s it look like?”
Hook shook his head and tried to answer him. “Hard to say. There’s people everywhere. I counted about fifty or more just in passing. Seems a pretty even split between scientisty people and military. There’s both army and marines here, working together, and I think I saw a few national guardsmen. Place is locked up tighter than a dolphin’s asshole.”
Cutty sighed. “Damn.”
Hook continued, “There’s more. They got dead here.”
My stomach dropped into my shoes. I remember, I stood up and snapped, “The fuck you mean there’s dead here? In-side the walls?”
Hook extended his good hand in a ‘calm-down’ gesture and said, “Cool it, kid. They’re probably right outside the door. Lower your voice. Yes, there’s dead here. They’re in a huge, double fenced-in area out back of the biggest building. And there’s a fuckin’ lot of them.”
The pieces were falling into place by this point. I told them, “Shit, they’re actually studying the bernies. They have to be. Why else would Kilo be collecting them? They’ve been dropping them here to be worked on.”
Cutty shook his head disgustedly. “Dis some bullshit! I don’t care if dey locked up tight or not. I ain’t tryna settle in wit’ no damn bernies right out back. And I damn sho’ ain’t tryna let them do no crazy shit wit’ Kylee.”
Alyse exited the bathroom with Lilly, who now seemed in better spirits. I gave Alyse a look like, ‘What did you say to her?’ 
She simply smiled and waved me off like, ‘It’s okay. Just go about your business.’
The fact was that we had no choice but to stay there for the time being. It wasn’t like they were just gonna let us walk out of there like nothing ever happened. So, Cutty could be pissed off all he wanted. It wasn’t going to change anything. When I told him that, he shook his head and refused to accept it.
Hook tried to reason with him and said, “It ain’t like we got the upper hand here. We’re unarmed, and they’re holdin’ all the chips. What do you wanna do, Cutty?”
Cutty argued, saying, “We cain’t jus’ sit here and do nothin’, dammit!”
Alyse said sarcastically, “What are you suggesting? We get the guards in here and disarm them? Fight our way out, or die in a blaze of glory?”
The silence in the room was deafening. I looked at Hook. Hook looked at Cutty. Cutty looked at me. Then Alyse said, “No. No, no, no. Get it out of your heads right now.”
Hook smirked and told Alyse, “It’s only two of ’em out there. It’ll be quick.”
Alyse scoffed and challenged him, saying, “What then, Alex? You said yourself there’s people and soldiers everywhere out there? What are you gonna do then?”
Cutty answered for him. “We negotiate, ’cept dis time we gon’ have some chips of our own…”
Hook finished the thought with, “In the form of a couple of hostages.”
Lilly asked Hook, “You talkin’ about those mean guys outside?” He nodded at her. Lilly told us all, “I got your back, guys.” Then she shot a glance at Cutty and said, “Like you and Dext do… Shouldah Niggas, right, Cutty?”
He chuckled slightly and told her, “Yes, ma’am. Dat’s right.”
Alyse sighed heavily and addressed everybody in the room with a harsh whisper. “Fine. I’m in, too, but if you guys mess this up, we’re finished. So, I hope you know what you’re doing.”
We didn’t, and we don’t. We never know what we’re doing, but fuck it. That seems to be my motto lately.
We’re going to give it about another half hour or so before we make a move. I figure we’ll formulate a plan and do a few dry runs first. We also have to make some sort of bindings in case we actually manage to subdue them. I suggested using the linens from the bed, and Cutty is already working with Alyse to tear them into usable strips.
Once I’m done jotting this down, I’m going to see if Hook and I can get to some of the plumbing under the sink in the bathroom. A pipe or two might be just the type of weapon we need. If I was a religious man, I’d be praying right now.


Entry 124

Well, the bathroom situation was a bust, literally. Hook and I only succeeded in making a huge mess. After tearing through the sheetrock of the wall under the sink and trying to bully the pipes loose, we had water leaking everywhere and soaking the floor. It was getting to the point where it was seeping into the main part of the room, and it wouldn’t take long before it made its way outside. If that happened, we’d be caught for sure.
I’d come to expect that the best-laid plans would go to waste, as evidenced by the fact that nearly every time we’d thought we covered all the bases, we’d gotten our asses kicked in some way or another. This little operation would prove to be no different. The trouble about this whole thing was that we had to take them alive. A dead hostage was a useless hostage.
We kicked it into gear by soaking what was left of the sheets with the leaking water and spreading it all over the area just inside the door. That would ensure that the guards outside were on sketchy footing as soon as they entered. Hook suggested Alyse and Lilly hunker down in the bathtub in the bathroom just in case shit hit the fan. That idea was seconded by Cutty, but Lilly didn’t like it. She wanted to help.
I nearly rolled my eyes at her, but then it hit me. She was perfect for this! I told Lilly what her job was going to be, and she seemed satisfied.
It started with Lilly standing in the middle of room screaming at the top of her lungs and shouting, “Heeelp! Please help!” Then she scurried into the bathroom with Alyse and took cover.
I posted up on the side of the door so that as it opened I would be concealed. The two men quickly unlocked the door and burst into the room with their rifles drawn. Immediately, one of them slipped and fell, as expected. What was not expected, however, was that his rifle would discharge and send a three or four-round burst into the wall. The rounds tore through the thin construction and into the bathroom. There was a scream from Alyse in the other room along with a horrifying shriek from Lilly. It was just like that one time JC was tackled by a bernie and accidentally shot up the side of the trailer. Lilly’s shriek is burned into my mind from that incident, but this one was different. This one made my blood boil. I kind of lost myself as soon as it hit my ears. 
Hook threw himself at the guy who was still on his feet and pinned him against the doorframe with the rifle jammed between the two of them. I lost sight of them as I moved in and pulled a straight-up placekick across the jaw of the guy lying on the floor, NFL style. A few of his teeth left his mouth and rattled uselessly to the tile floor. Out cold, his arms and legs stretched awkwardly as his entire body stiffened up. His breathing began to gurgle into a weird sort of snore around the blood that was filling his mouth. I turned him on his side to clear his airway and relieved him of his rifle. Tossing it to Cutty, I then unsnapped his holster and made away with his pistol.
Hook continued to struggle with the guy against the door in a difficult battle for leverage that was made worse by the two of them trying to avoid the barrel of the rifle as it swung around wildly. Cutty growled angrily and told us, “I cain’t get in there. Somebody gon’ get shot!”
I frantically told Cutty, “Watch the door, man! Watch the door!”
He stepped up and clumsily put the rifle to his shoulder, trying to keep an eye on the fight with Hook while keeping a lookout for anyone else coming into the hallway. After that burst of gunfire, we were in deep shit. I knew that this place would be crawling in a matter of seconds. Forget the fact that we were fighting for our lives in here, and just consider it from a security perspective in a place like this. Gunfire likely meant serious injury. Serious injury likely meant the risk of someone dying. And someone dying likely meant that someone was going to turn. If they didn’t handle that quickly, the entire place was at risk of being overrun.
I stuffed the pistol down the back of my pants and jumped in to get Hook’s back. He snapped at me, “Get the rifle, kid—the Goddamn rifle!”
I had to time it correctly as the barrel swung around and I caught it in both hands, pressing as hard as I could to keep it controlled. The guard had the strap around himself, which was making it impossible to properly get him disarmed. Hook headbutted him mercilessly, sending blood spraying from the guy’s nose and leaving all three of us spattered with it. I could taste the coppery saltiness of it when it hit my mouth. I spat it back at him immediately and said something. I can’t remember what it was, but I’m pretty sure it had ‘fucker’ in there somewhere. 
Hook groaned in pain as the soldier connected with a knee to his nuts, and he stumbled backwards, clutching at his junk with his good hand. He tripped over the dude that was knocked out and landed on his ass. That left me in a very compromised position, holding nothing but the barrel of the rifle with no leverage to hold the guy. He pressed the trigger and sprayed the remainder of the magazine into the ceiling. 
My mind went numb. 
If I haven’t already mentioned this by now, it’s important to understand something. See, guns are fuckin’ loud. I know, obviously, right? But, I mean loud—not like in the movies and shit. When a gun goes off right next to your face-piece, it’s pretty disorienting.
So, my ears were ringin’ like a bitch on top of just being scared shitless. I was almost dizzy from it, and my hands were on fire from the heat of the barrel. It seared my hands, and I let go no sooner than it was out of ammo. That was it. With Hook on the ground and me out of commission, we lost that fight—until our little miracle came through, that is.
I shook my head to clear it just in time to see the soldier grimace and cry out in agony. He let go of his weapon and reached for his thigh. I followed his hands with my eyes, and I was met with Lilly at his side. She was gripping the hilt of a combat knife and jabbing it over and over again into his leg. He began to bleed heavily, and it was beginning to splash everywhere as Lilly continued screaming at him and hacking into his flesh. He dropped like a sack and started begging her to stop sticking him. She didn’t stop. 
It wasn’t until I grabbed hold of her with my burning hands and held her still that she gave way, panting breathlessly. She looked up at me with a zoned-out look and said, “I got him… I got him offa you, Dext. Did ya see?”
I ruffled her hair, kissed her blood spattered forehead, and told her, “You did good, Lil.”
Cutty called over his shoulder, “Hurry up, now! I can hear ’em comin’!” He stepped back into the room, placed his foot on the head of the bleeding soldier, and shot a worried glance at Lilly. It would have to wait.
Hook regained his composure and relieved the bleeding soldier of his weapons, calling to Alyse, “Alyse! Let’s go!”
I glanced at my hands, and they were pretty nasty. They were beginning to blister and were beet red. They didn’t really hurt just yet, but I was smart enough to know that in a few minutes they would be, badly. I’m holding the pen like a two-year-old right now just to write this.
We trussed up the first guy using the sheets as he began to come to. He tried to say some shit to us, but his jaw was shattered. He just mumbled like he had a mouthful of marbles.
Alyse still hadn’t made her way out of the bathroom. We needed her, too. The soldier was bleeding badly. I took some of the strips of sheeting and tied a tourniquet on his thigh. Since those were the pieces we were going to use to tie his feet up, we were then short on material. Cutty just tied the guy’s bootlaces together as an alternative and drug him over to the one with the broken jaw—targets secured.
Hook started cussing and said, “Dammit, Alyse! We need you! Get your ass out! It’s clear now!”
Nothing.
Hook stalked into the bathroom, and we heard him cry out, “Oh shit! No! Goddammit, no!”
I rushed in to discover Alyse lying in the bathtub unconscious and bleeding from a gunshot wound to her torso. Blood was pooled in the tub, and she had rivulets dripping from the corner of her mouth. Hook was panicked. He put pressure on the wound and screamed, “Heeelp! Somebody, fuckin’ help her!” 
We had to get her outta there. We struggled a bit, but managed to exit the bathroom with me at her feet and Hook, having tucked his bad arm under her shoulder, holding her in the crooks of his elbows. I spotted Cutty and Lilly standing over the hostages, both armed and holding them at bay.
As we reached the door with Alyse, we were met with a barrage of yelling and calling out of orders. I drew my weapon and aimed it at the group approaching us from down the hallway. I shouted at them, “Get a medic! We have two of your men held hostage, and we have wounded in here. Anybody makes a move, I’m shootin’ this whole place up! Do it now!”
I glanced back into the room and just saw fear. Hook sat over Alyse’s body, keeping pressure on the wound as it continued to seep blood onto the wet floor. The leaking water started to mix with her blood, causing it to turn a sickly orange color. He whispered to her, “Alyse, baby, stay with me. You can’t go. Please just stay with me.” Then he looked up at me and said, “She’s still breathin’, kid. Get those fuckers movin’. Make ’em hurry up!”
Cutty left Lilly’s side and walked with a purpose out into the hallway, putting a little Cutty-style on it, shouting, “Ay! Y’all muhfuckas best get a docta up in hurr, or I’m bussin’ caps in all y’all asses.” He then proceeded to punctuate the statement by popping a few rounds into the general direction of the crowd of approaching forces. He didn’t hit anyone and, to be honest, probably couldn’t even if he was trying. They didn’t need to know that, though.
They all hunkered down and took up covering positions at the bottom of the hallway, but we saw one run off to get help as we backed inside the room.
It didn’t take too long for a man to approach us cautiously with his hands outstretched, saying, “I’m a doctor. Don’t shoot. Just tell me who needs help. I don’t want anybody dying in here anymore than you do.”
Cutty yoked him up by his collar and drug him into the room, leaving me to cover the hallway using the doorjamb as a barricade. The men at the end held their positions, but kept their guns trained.
He knelt over Alyse and began taking vitals, but Hook was screaming in his ear, “You gotta help her. Hurry.”
The doc was just doing his thing, but that wasn’t enough. Hook stayed on him with, “Fuckin’ do something, dammit! She’s dying!”
The doc, a youngish guy I guessed to be in his early thirties, stopped what he was doing and told Hook firmly, “I’m doing everything I can. I need you to calm down and back off! I gotta get her outta here.”
Hook scoffed, “Fuck that! You ain’t takin’ her nowhere. Fix her now!”
The doc looked at me for some clarity and reiterated, “Look. She’s going to die if we don’t get her into surgery. I need to take her.”
I hesitated.
He snapped again, “Clock’s tickin’, folks.”
“Fine,” I finally told him. “And take the other guy, too. He’s bleeding badly, but I think he’ll be all right.”
Cutty stopped me, suggesting, “Maybe we oughtta keep him. One hostage ain’t as good as two.”
I looked the doc right in his eyes and told him, “Take both of them. We’re not killers. We’re not monsters. But we ain’t takin’ any shit either. You’re gonna take her and make sure she lives. You’re gonna take him and make sure they know we just want to negotiate. Understood?”
He nodded and stood up to walk past me into the hallway but I stopped him. I told him up close and personally, “If you fuck this up, though, we’re gonna find you. You don’t want that.”
I was bluffing hard as shit. Almost as much as Cutty was when he shot up the hallway. But it did the trick.
The doc called out to the people in the hall, “I’m comin’ out. Don’t shoot! I need Eckersly and Nichols up here stat! Tell ‘em to bring gurneys and a defibrillator. And have Chavez cut the damn water!” He turned back to me and said, “We’ll do the best we can. Then I’ll make sure you get to talk to whoever you want. But for now, just cool your jets. We can sort this out. Nobody… nobody needs to die here. We’ve seen enough of that already. We’re not the enemy.”
I nodded at him.
The gurneys were brought to us in less than a minute, and as Alyse was wheeled away along with the other soldier, Hook slumped back against the wall and tried his best not to cry. Lilly walked over and hugged him, telling him, “Alyse will be okay. She’s friends with God, just like Cutty. He’ll make sure she’s fine.”
Hook offered her a weak smile from behind misty eyes and hugged her back. He asked her, “Nice move with that knife, kid. Where you get that thing anyway?”
She told him, “The guy on the floor. JC told me to always check their boots. He used to say, ‘It’s not the guns that’ll get ya, Lil. It’s the boot knife you don’t know about that will.’ I just did like he told me.”
Hook gave her a tightlipped nod and said, “That boy was all right.” 
I took a look at Cutty, who sat on the bed gripping his new rifle uncomfortably. He told me, “I hope you know what you doin’, ma nigga.”
I don’t. I don’t have a fuckin’ clue, but at least we bought some more time to figure it out. For now, we wait.


Entry 125

It’s been a long twenty-four hours. Much of it was spent leaned up against the doorjamb, watching the hallway for an advance on our position. Surprisingly, it never came. Armed men held their positions, simply blocking off any exits. 
The water was cut off, but thankfully Hook plugged and filled the sink using the broken desk lamp before it happened. So, we had something to keep us hydrated. Doesn’t sound like much, but after being on the road as long as we have, we learned a long time ago about rationing. As in any other barricade scenario, I expected the electricity to be cut, but they didn’t even bother. 
I perked up immediately when Murphy’s familiar face broke through the guard detail with a few more brainy types in tow. It was a huge relief to not only see him, but to see him in good health and moving with confidence towards our room.
He stopped a few steps from the door and told his three companions to stay back before approaching me and harshly whispering, “What in the actual fuck are you doin’, Sally? You’re lucky every single one of you isn’t dead, Goddammit. These men could make a tactical entry on this room, put all of you down, and walk this ‘prisoner’ of yours outta here so fast you wouldn’t have time to scratch your ass!”
I could tell he was pissed—like, megapissed. What were we supposed to do, though? No one was talking about where the others were. They roughed up Lilly, quarantined Kylee, and up until now, Murphy was a ghost.
He looked over his shoulder to make sure his company couldn’t hear him before continuing with, “I’ve convinced them that you’re all a little rattled from the road and you guys just lost your shit for a minute. They’ve sent me up to negotiate.”
I asked him exactly what he was here to negotiate, and he told me, “Mush mouth over there needs to be seen by the medics. Once his pain really sets in, he’s gonna be moanin’ and hollerin’ and makin’ life more miserable for you than it already has been. The military types might look like they run shit here, but it’s really the docs that are in charge. I’ve been with them since decontamination. They’re all right. I wouldn’t shit you on this, Sally.”
Hook recognized Murphy’s voice from inside the room and rushed to my side, asking him, “Alyse? Is she okay?”
Murphy nodded and told him, “She’s stable. I heard she was in the bathtub or something?”
Hook nodded.
“She’s lucky she was, too. The bullet slowed down enough that it didn’t do any terminal damage. As a matter of fact, it took them longer to pluck all the porcelain out of her chest than to retrieve the bullet fragments,” Murphy added.
Hook let out a heavy, grateful sigh of relief and silently celebrated with a fist pump—er… hook pump. He asked Murphy if he had seen her yet, to which Murphy nodded in the affirmative.
“Now,” Murphy said firmly, “let these men take mush mouth outta here. The guy who let us in here in the first place has volunteered to stay and act as your hostage for the time being. He has some things he wants to discuss with you, and you’re gonna wanna hear it—all of it. His name is Clint, and he’s all right by me. You know I wouldn’t bullshit you, but listen up, especially you, Sally… I didn’t want to come into this facility at all without thinking it through, but you made the call. Now we’re here, and we’re in deep shit unless we play it carefully from here on out. The docs saved Alyse as a token of trust. In exchange, I’ve taught them some of the things we learned on the outside about the dumbshits. No more bullshit! Let me run the show in here for awhile. Okay?”
Hook and I nodded our assent. Hook craned his neck to peek inside the room and asked Cutty and Lilly, “You got that in there?”
Cutty told him, “Yeah, Murph, we got you. What about Kylee? You seen her?”
Much to our relief, Murphy told us, “Yeah, Kylee’s fine, but she’s in for the shock of her life once the man gets up here. I’ll let Clint explain all that.”
Murphy gave a wave, and two men entered to aide mush mouth up and out. They were followed by the guy we recognized from the gate. He was a man of small stature with a ridiculous comb-over and wire-framed glasses. I’d put him in his late forties. 
He took a seat on the bed and said, “How’d you like to get outta this place and into a room you can all share?”
Lilly excitedly jumped to her feet and exclaimed, “Yes!”
Clint jumped as soon as she made a move and told Cutty, “Do me a favor, hmm? Keep her at a distance?”
Cutty shrugged and nodded, putting himself between Lilly and Clint. That was when Murphy leaned in and whispered in my ear, “Looks like our little Lilly has a reputation around here already. They’re calling her ‘Killy.’ Rumor has it she took out that guard and stabbed the shit out of him on her own. Christ, Dext, is that true?”
I winked at him and whispered back, “Sort of…”
He grinned devilishly and told me, “Damn. Nice. I’d use that to your advantage if I were you.”
Clint gathered his thoughts as Murphy shook my hand and announced that the men in the hallway were going to remain in place, but were under strict orders to hold their positions until further notice. He added that they would comply without protest and that we could relax for the moment.
Clint finally spoke and began with, “Looks like you folks have had quite a journey. I had a look at your diary… ‘Dext’, is it?”
I remember plopping down on the floor, thankful that I could finally let my guard down a little, and nodding at him to continue.
“Well, Dext, Cutty, Alex, Kil—Lilly… Murphy and I have been catching up, and after having read your record of events, I feel the need to explain some things.”
Cutty scoffed sarcastically and quipped, “Oh, for real? You gon’ explain dis shit, huh?”
Clint was visibly nervous and swallowed hard before continuing. “Um. Yes.”
He asked to see my journal once again, and I passed it over to him. He thumbed through some pages anxiously before stopping at whatever it was he was looking for, saying, “Aha! Here it is. This girl you’re with, Kylee Peel—the soldier. She was pregnant.”
Cutty nodded, but Hook looked stunned. Hook asked me, “She was? When? What happened?”
I waved him off as if to say, ‘We’ll discuss it later.’
Clint continued, “And she’s been bitten—not once but twice, in fact. She never turned, though. We need to find out why that is, and she’s consented to some tests.”
Cutty stepped up, casting an enormous shadow over Clint’s entire form, and he bellowed, “Da fuck you mean ‘tests’?”
Clint cowered immediately and put his hands up in surrender as he stammered, “Now… now… it’s nothing invasive—just… some blood work. I assure you, she’s fine. But—”
Cutty’s fist balled up, and he grabbed Clint by the lapel, pulling forward roughly. “But nuthin’. Start talkin’ faster, li’l man.”
I put my hand on Cutty to back him off and told Clint, “Look, cut the shit and spit it out, unless you’d rather talk to Lilly…”
I shot a glance over at Lilly, and her head snapped up as if she hadn’t been paying a lick of attention to any of us. Clint’s face went chalk white, and he began spilling it. He told U*^&^**** ///////

ATTENTION: 
TRANSMISSION OF THE BAXTER FILES IS HEREBY TERMINATED INDEFINITELY BY ORDER OF SSG CHALMERS.
ANY AND ALL COMMS TO FORCES UNDER COMMAND OF COL. LANG ARE HEREBY TERMINATED INDEFINITELY BY ORDER OF SSG CHALMERS.
SPARK TERMINALS AND CONNECTION CAPABILITIES ARE HEREBY TERMINATED INDEFINITELY BY ORDER OF SSG CHALMERS.
DO NOT REPLY.


Letter to Lt. Col. Thigpen

Emergency Wire Connection Established
Signal Source: Albuquerque, NM
Signal Destination: Classified
Date: Classified
Re: Classified
Active Settings:
- Radial Jamming Sequences
- Encryption (Level 4) 
- Hide Channel
- IP Spoof
- False Packets (Outgoing)

LtCol Thigpen,

My name is SSG Daniel M. Chalmers of the United States Army. You do not know who I am, and I have only heard about you. We have never met nor had any interpersonal interactions, which are the exact reasons why you are receiving this letter and the attached documents. I have much to tell you, and it may seem overwhelming at first, but I implore you to take this at face value. Review the documents thoroughly, and act on them. It has been said that you are a man of honor. I want to believe that.
Most of my military career has been spent under the command of Col. Lang, a man that you have come to know in the past months in the wake of our current situation. It is my understanding that you two have had contact since High Command fell off the map and that you’ve been working in tandem on some operations regarding search, rescue, security, and so on. I will begin with a warning. This man is not what he seems!
About two weeks ago I was working with a man named Dr. Robert A. Morofsky. You probably know of him. During that operation, he received word from a colleague in New Mexico named Dr. Clinton Diggs, who strongly urged him to make his way to that facility due to the discovery of what could possibly be the missing link to the true vaccine that we have been working on. The link came to us in the form of a troop named Kylee Peel. To back up his claim, Mr. Diggs attached copies of a diary kept by one of the men in Kylee Peel’s party. She had been bitten and survived—more than once, even! 
I read the diary documents in their entirety, and what I found within sickened me to a point that I questioned everything I had ever done under Col. Lang’s command. After much debate and discussion, Dr. Morofsky and I came to an agreement. The account of events that follows incriminates me heavily, but I am no longer concerned with what becomes of me. There are much larger things at stake here.
Kylee Peel is most certainly not dead. The author of the diary, Dext Baxter, is also alive as I write this. I concocted the entire story about finding the diary on a dead man, even going so far as to tell Col. Lang about the death of Kylee Peel. It was entirely fabricated. I did this to protect them from him. When he finds out they are alive, he will surely come for them. 
I began passing the diary documents along to Col. Lang for a matter of days and maintained the ruse so the world could see what caused this horrific event. I want people to know the machinations behind all of this and, as you will see when you review the attached documents, Col. Lang serves it all to us on a platter. I kept everything—all of the supposed secure transmissions, transcriptions of our Spark Terminal conversations; everything is there in plain sight for you to read. 
For reasons that will become clear as we move forward, Dr. Morofsky requested and was granted permission to travel to the Albuquerque facility to continue his studies, but he did so without mentioning the possible vaccine link to anyone save for myself. In a matter of days I, too, was in New Mexico and finally had the opportunity to meet Mr. Baxter, Kylee Peel, and the others. They are a tough bunch, hardened through the horrors of life on the road in our current landscape, but you will learn as you read that they are all kind-hearted people. They are the way they are because of the world Col. Lang has made for us all to wallow in. I can’t believe I bought into his shit for so many years. I gave my entire career to him, and he betrayed us all. 
He didn’t even balk when I threatened to tell. There’s a part in there where he even promises me a promotion to keep quiet. He would do anything to keep me loyal, as you will see. I baited him over and over again, and his responses just get uglier and uglier. When I lied to him about his own daughter’s death, he seemed disappointed that he couldn’t run tests on her more than anything else!
I had to draw a line somewhere, and it appears I have reached that point. Believe me, I struggled quite a bit when he threatened my family with whether or not I should even go through with this letter. I still can’t believe I’m going through with it.
Listen, we’re going to hold here for five days and not a second more. Col. Lang will be expecting some sort of communication from us ASAP, and I fear I can’t hold him off much longer than that. 
Please respond. We need you to take command of all known forces immediately and ensure that the only people taking orders from Col. Lang are his innermost circle. We need you to ensure the safety of Kylee Peel and Dr. Morofsky, because there is a chance they can stop this thing.
I also need you to back me up when I make it to Fort Bragg. I’m going to get my family before he can make it to them. 
Mr. Baxter has been invaluable in documenting the current state of things, and I will encourage him to continue to do so. All new communications from Mr. Baxter’s diary will be transcribed and rerouted to you. It is my hopes that by doing so we can give you a clear picture of our situation, upon which you can make intelligent, informed decisions. 
I understand that this is a huge responsibility that is being thrust upon you by a virtual stranger. I assure you, I’m already in deep shit on this thing as it is, but I don’t need to tell you how high the stakes are here. This is real. My family’s lives, and possibly the lives of everyone left, are on your shoulders. I’ve always heard about how tough you marines are. It’s time to prove it.
I’ll be waiting. You have five days.

Sincerely and with Respect, 
SSG Daniel M. Chalmers
United States Army


Entry 126

Still haven’t seen Kylee yet. Murphy said she was all right, though, and she’d been put up in another part of the facility. He told us that we’d be able to see her in another day or so. Normally, I’d be skeptical, but I’ve learned to trust Murphy. If he said she was good, then she was good—period.
More important was the matter of Alyse. Clint dropped some heavy shit on us back there about Kylee and her old man that still hasn’t had time to sink in, but Hook needed to see Alyse ASAP. I told Clint we’d have time to talk about all the other shit later, and he agreed. He laid out some ground rules and said we’d be allowed to move around the facility as long as Murphy or he was with us. Clint left us just as swiftly as he came.
It took a few hours for Murphy to return to the room and take us out into the hallway. The men that were posted to block our exits were no longer there, and a janitorial crew immediately entered the room and began cleaning up the mess inside. Murphy was holding a duffle bag over his shoulder when he arrived, and as we hit the stairway, he dropped it and knelt to rummage through it.
He asked no one in particular, “You believe this shit?”
Cutty answered with, “Nope. Sho’ don’t.”
Lilly said flatly, “Kylee’s daddy is a bad guy.”
Snorting a laugh, Hook added, “Yeah, he’s a real asshole. You met this other doctor that Clint was talkin’ about?”
Murphy stood up and passed Hook and me a pistol each, saying, “You don’t know the half of it. Guy’s name’s Morofsky. He’s about as social as a brick wall, but he’s no dummy. Says he’s been here for a few days working on a fix for this thing. Claims he has a man here who is just like Kylee, and says that if he gets what he needs from Kylee, they may be able to put a stop to the entire spread.”
Lilly said, “Someone special like Kylee? You mean, he won’t turn into a monster like everyone else?”
Murphy nodded to her and said, “Seems so.” He reached down into the bag once more and passed Cutty his machetes, adding, “Keep these things visible but stowed safely. I had to argue with that asshole Chavez for twenty minutes just to get pistols and blades. Don’t expect any rifles. That being said, pass me the ones you took off the guards. Part of the deal was returning them.”
Lilly offered up the boot knife she lifted from mush mouth disappointedly, but Murphy winked at her and told her to keep it, saying, “Nah, that’s yours now, little one. I was talkin’ to Sally.”
Lilly giggled at me.
I didn’t like the idea of handing over the rifles, but if it meant we would be allowed to stay armed, it seemed worth it. I complied and nudged Cutty to do the same.
Hook cut the conversation off and said, “Alyse.”
With a nod Murphy hefted the duffle bag back up on his shoulder and led us down the stairs and outside. The light of the sun had us all squinting for a moment, but once our eyes adjusted, Murphy led us into the building said to hold Alyse.
It was a more modern-looking structure than the shitty dorm we were in, and as we entered the doors, the unmistakably sterile hospital smell overtook us. The place was immaculate, with fully functional fluorescent lighting and bland tile floors. It reminded me of the hospital where it all began for me. 
That day was crazy. Well, each one’s been crazier than the previous day since, but that was when it all happened for me. Those stories about people biting each other and getting sick had been playing on the news for a week or so, and I had been following it closely. No one really freaked out until they started closing off entire communities. When everyone started to see the military convoys roll into their areas, it got real.
It was like it always was. Everyone watched the shit unfold on television and the internet, on phones, and on social media. Reality had gotten so weird because of all that interconnectivity. It made life more of a dream than a reality.
I remember how people would be right there in front of something awesome, but they’d always miss the actual experience because they were too busy watching it through their phones. They had to have it on video, so it could be uploaded to their fucking blog or whatever. Friends barely even talked to one another anymore, because you could just shoot them a text. Families stopped having dinner together and sat around the tube. Husbands and wives stopped talking to each other regularly and, instead, sat on the couch and stared at their cell phones. That was what life had become.
But that all changed when everyone took a second to look up from their devices to see that it was their town with the tanks rolling through the streets. It was their children being escorted off the school bus and lined up on the sidewalk for decontamination. Shit got real.
I was one of those people, too. I can’t lie. I heard from my mom that one of my uncles had a run-in with one of the “nuts.” That’s what she called them. She said he was headed to the hospital and since it was close to where I worked, I should go check on him. I told her I’d head over after work. 
About an hour later, the boss came over and said, “Look, they’re sayin’ that the power is about to be cut to conserve energy for the emergency sites and the Goddamn highway is packed. We’re lucky we still have internet access as it is. The more I hear about this thing, the more worried I’m gettin’.”
I’ve never been one to care about work beyond doing my usual. Hell, my buddies used to call me “Eight and Skate” because they knew I was outta there as soon as my hours were up. I looked the boss right in his bitch-ass eyes and said, “I suddenly don’t feel so well, cough-cough…”
He knew what was up. Told me not to worry about the sick time and that he was just gonna shut us down for the day. That was that. I left the office and hit the road headed to the hospital—well, sort of. I made it about a block before the traffic started. I sat there for about fifteen minutes, but people started getting out of their cars and shit, just milling around the streets. I decided it’d be better to just go back and park it in the lot at the office. The hospital was only a few blocks up, and I figured I could hang out there with my uncle until the streets cleared out a little.
By the time I walked back to where the traffic was jammed up, the fires had started. People were fighting with the police, and looters started smashing the windows in storefronts and all that. Then, shit got real for me.
I saw an officer tussling with a civilian who kept trying to bite him. It wasn’t much of a fight until another one approached. He was screaming at them, “Get back! Get back!” Seconds later, one of the pair took a huge bite out of the cop’s forearm. He shrieked before kicking his foot into its chest to knock it away. As it began to approach again, the officer drew his weapon and fired two shots into its chest. It just kept coming at him.
He spun around to the other attacker and shot two more times. The bullet passed through its body and whizzed by my head, causing me to flinch. I never expected to be able to hear a bullet fly past, but they do this hissing, whistle sound. I’ve become accustomed to it now. The officer never got off a fifth round as the two closed in on him. That was when I started running.
I ran as fast as I could with his screams fading behind me and didn’t stop until I made it to the hospital. They didn’t even let me in. I was met by more police officers blocking the entrances and a mob of people trying to break through the lines. I watched for a long moment, but turned away when they began firing into the crowd.
Damn.
Anyway…
Murphy led Hook into Alyse’s room and told the rest of us to wait. I was cool with that. I would’ve wanted it that way, too. I took the moment to ask Lilly what she thought about all of this, and her answer was beautiful in its simplicity. She told me and Cutty with a shrug, “Shit happens, guys.”
Cutty laughed and asked her, “You hear that one from JC, too?”
She pursed her lips and answered him with, “Nah. Daddy used to say it all the time. Now I know what he meant.”
I raised an eyebrow at her and asked her to clarify.
She said, “Shit’s a bad word—like, a big person’s way of saying ‘stuff.’ So, it’s like, bad stuff. And, well, bad stuff happens sometimes, even to good people like us.”
I looked at Cutty, and he just looked back at me, nodding like, ‘Pretty much.’
I smiled at Lilly and said, “Yeah, sometimes. Seems like it happens to us more often than not.”
She giggled her little, girlish giggle and told us both, “It’s a good thing you have me around to keep you safe, huh?”
Cutty frowned a bit and said, “We keep each otha safe da best we can, yeah. Sometime dat ain’t enough, though, like wit’ Alyse in there. We couldn’t keep her safe…”
Lilly scowled at Cutty and said, “Oh hush it, Cutty! She is safe. Now she is, ’cause JC, Mommy, and Daddy are up in heaven watching out for her—for all of us. She just needed a rest. So, some shit happened. And it’ll happen again, too.”
Cutty sat down on the floor with his back against the wall, and I did the same. Lilly stood there looking at us with her hand on her hip. God, she looked just like Kylee, standing there. She took her knife out of its little sheath on her hip. Then she set it down on the ground next to Cutty before curling up on his lap and laying her head on his chest.
I think we’re just gonna rest here until Hook is ready.


Letter to SSG Chalmbers

Emergency Wire Connection Established
Signal Source: Classified
Signal Destination: Albuquerque, NM
Date: Classified
Re: Classified
Active Settings:
- Radial Jamming Sequences
- Encryption (Level 4) 
- Hide Channel
- IP Spoof
- False Packets (Outgoing)

SSG Chalmers,

I’ve reviewed the documents, as you requested, and I have to say, this is one helluva mess you people made. I knew as soon as I found out that this wasn’t a DOD project, it was going to turn to shit. I can’t say I’m excited that you chose to come to me of all people, but it is what it is.
Listen and listen good, son. You want me to take this thing on, and that’s all fine and well, but there are some conditions to be met. I’ll lay them out here in an attempt to be as clear and transparent as possible.
First, you do what I tell you to do without question. That’s non-negotiable. I’m in a good area with the best communications in the country, probably the world. I have eyes and ears where I need them, and my men would walk into a wood chipper if I ordered them to do so. You’re going to have to just trust me and do what you’re told. You are now under my command—no ifs, ands, or buts about it. 
Second, don’t even think for a minute that you’re going to come out of this shit squeaky clean just because you ‘fessed up, son. I expect to meet you face to face one day, and when that day comes, you’ll have to answer for your part in this. That being said, this is your chance to start making amends. I’m sure that if you perform up to my standard, we can work something out—something that doesn’t involve me feeding your traitorous ass to the bernies, or the Zs, or whatever you hooahs call them.
Third, I don’t trust you. Let me say that again. I don’t trust you. That’s a problem, son. You’re clearly a good liar and an even better backstabber. The only way you’re going to earn that trust is through actions. Now, you have a family, and they don’t even know what kind of danger they’re in, so I’m going to make an educated guess that they are your main motivation right now. Luckily for you, that motivation falls directly in line with my current course of action. That is to say that I have men en route to Fort Bragg as it stands, and that’s where your people are. You will need to rendezvous with them as soon as possible. I will send word that they should expect you, but not until you follow through with your orders detailed below.
My final condition is this: Don’t you ever, ever in your life, tell me it’s time to prove anything. I was chasing Viet Cong through dirt tunnels when you were a nut stain in your mommy’s panties, son.
I don’t need a reply from you answering to these conditions, by the way. This is just how it’s going to be. 
Here are your orders:
I have a man coming to you by the name of Hicks. He will bring with him a detachment from Kilo Company. These men are the best there are. Their orders are to take over command of the facility and maintain its security. You will tell all armed forces on the premises to stand down and cooperate to the fullest. Hicks will delegate control from that point on. 
Morofsky seems to be getting on with that Murphy guy, and it says in the journal that he knows some stuff about the earlier work with this Spark situation. See to it that Murphy keeps his people in check until Hicks arrives. I don’t want any more bullshit like what went on in that dorm. Make sure that the girl who was shot stays attended to as well. I have a feeling that this Alex guy will go off the deep end if she falls through.
Baxter and the black one, Cutty, along with the little girl, seem to be all right. Make sure Baxter doesn’t come across Chavez, though. He’s made it clear that if he sees Chavez again there’s going to be trouble. I don’t need any more trouble. You’ve given us all enough of that as it is.
The last order of business is Kylee and the man known as Subject 17. They need to get out of that facility. If they are the key to this thing, I have no doubt Col. Lang will be sending whatever men he can gather to come take them. You have to take them with you, and you have to keep them safe. Your goal is to meet me at Fort Bragg.
While I’m on the subject, have you even told her that her husband is alive? Do they even know they’re within a hundred yards of one another right now? If not, I suggest you sort that out ASAP. The colonel’s daughter doesn’t seem to be one to trifle with, and I’m not sure how she’ll react to what you people have done.
Hicks will see to it that the colonel’s men are met head-on and stalled, but I want you and those two gone long before that happens. If they end up sniffing around the facility for a while, it could buy us the time you need to get to Bragg. 
Don’t bother taking the time to respond. Just get moving, son. 
May God help us all.

LtCol Thigpen
United States Marine Corps 


Entry 127

I guess Hook was finished visiting alone with Alyse after about a half hour. Murphy invited us into the room quietly, and we took a moment to sit with her. She was full of tubes and wires. Her breathing was short, but luckily not labored in any way. Her wound was covered by the typical hospital gown she was wearing, but the bandages were visible where they were wrapped around her shoulder.
Cutty sat down next to her bed and quietly began reading a passage from the small Bible. “An’ He has said ta me, ‘Ma grace is sufficient fo’ you, fo’ power is perfected in weakness.’ Most gladly, therefo’, I will rather boast ’bout ma weaknesses, dat da power of Christ may dwell in me. Therefo’ I am well content wit’ weaknesses, wit’ insults, wit’ distresses, wit’ persecutions, wit’ difficulties, fo’ Christ’s sake; fo’ when I am weak, den I am strong… Corinthians 12:9-10.”
Hook scoffed in a skeptical manner. “Corinthians, huh? Only thing I know about Corinthians is they make some fine-ass leather.” He chuckled sarcastically at his own lame joke.
Lilly asked Cutty, “What did that mean? It sounded fancy.”
Cutty beckoned her over to him and explained, “It’s kinda like what you said out there in da hall, Lilly. It’s ’bout findin’ strength and trustin’ in God when bad stuff happens. It’s ’bout not bein’ afraid of those bad things, ’cause God is watchin’ out for you and it’ll be okay no matta what happens.”
Lilly wrinkled her nose, giving it some serious thought. “So, like, you’ll be okay no matter what? And even if you die, you get to go to heaven, and it’ll still be okay?”
Cutty nodded and told her, “Somethin’ like that, yeah.” He smiled at her encouragingly.
She frowned slightly as she asked him, “Why don’t we just kill ourselves then? I’d much rather be in heaven. I could see JC and Mommy and Daddy, and everything would be fun again.”
Cutty scooped her up and plopped her on his lap, saying, “It don’t work like that, baby girl. And I’ma call you baby girl ’cause I like to call you dat, not because it means you a baby.” He gave her a wink to show it was in good spirit. “You gotta try. You can’t just kill yo’self an’ expect to get into heaven. Dat’s da coward’s way out. You gotta live yo’ life and do e’rrything you can to be a good person. Gotta keep yo’ heart pure. Gotta say you’re sorry when you mess dat up—earn yo’ place in heaven. Dat’s why Alyse is fightin’ so hard right now, baby girl. She strong ’cause she got God on her side.”
Lilly nodded her understanding, and Cutty told her sternly, “An’ don’t be talkin’ ’bout dat killin’ ourself stuff no more. You got dat?”
Lilly wouldn’t have time to answer him. Clint busted into the room in a panic and snapped at Murphy, “We need you. Someone’s been bitten.”
Hook gave Alyse a gentle peck on her forehead, and we all rushed out, following closely behind Clint. He explained as we jogged out into the courtyard, “We were collecting a specimen, and the damn collar snapped. The thing took a bite out of his arm.”
Lilly said flatly, “Just shoot him in the head. What’s the big deal?”
Even in a jog, Clint’s eyes boggled at Lilly’s blasé delivery. He told us, “It’s not that simple. Morofsky wants to try something on him. We have to get him out of the pen before anyone else gets hurt. Chavez has men in the pen right now holding them back until we get him moved.”
I wasn’t sure what he meant by “holding them back,” but it became clear as we came upon the large, fenced-in area full of the dead. Chavez and a small unit were inside, surrounding the man and beating back the bernies as they advanced. I asked Clint, “Why aren’t they shooting?”
He looked at me like I had three heads and snapped, “Absolutely not! It took us months to gather those specimens!”
Murphy stopped short of the commotion at the gate of the pen and shouted to Clint, “Get me gasoline! Do it now! Sally, you and the others go make some noise.”
Clint broke off towards one of the many vehicles strewn about and yanked a gas can from the rear. He struggled with the weight of it, but eventually caught up to Murphy.
Murphy snatched it from him and darted inside the gate while I broke off to the rear of the pen, leaving the others in my dust. They caught up soon enough and began helping me rattle the fence and make a bunch of commotion, which caused a fair number of the dead to turn their attention to us.
Chavez and his men were nearly overwhelmed, but with our little crew distracting the bernies, they were able to get a better handle on the situation.
The young man was on the ground, bleeding from a wound on his arm, scrambling to back away from the advancing dead. There was a bernie on the ground next to him with its head in pieces, and I could only assume that was the one that bit him. Chavez and his crew all held long lengths of pipe and were using them to push back any that got too close.
Murphy began dumping the gas on the ground in a large semicircle around them then shouted, “Back up!”
As Chavez and the others backed away, Murphy lit the gas and it erupted in a huge wall of flame. The blast from the heat stung our faces, and everyone shielded themselves momentarily. The dead ceased their advance and began shuffling along the perimeter of the fiery wall, looking for a way around it. One or two of them caught fire and, while they didn’t seem to be bothered by it, they still backed away from the source. It bought them enough time to drag the injured man to safety and lock the gate back up tightly.
“What the hell was that?” Chavez snapped at Murphy.
Murphy told him, “They don’t like fire.”
Chavez growled angrily as we joined the group, and he said, “We had it under control. Nobody needed your help.”
Hook chuckled and quipped sarcastically, “Yeah, really looked like you guys had it handled.”
“Fuck you, old man. You don’t know shit,” Chavez argued.
Hook shrugged it off and told him, “I know that you should be thanking us instead of actin’ like a dick.”
Clint was likewise shocked and observed, “That’s odd. They don’t seem to be bothered by being burned, yet they avoided the flames—very interesting. Some sort of instinctive sense of self-preservation, perhaps?”
Cutty quipped, “Nigga, you can figga out why it works. I’m jus’ happy da shit works.”
We dropped that conversation and turned our attention to the man who was bitten. He had made it to his feet by this point, but he was shaking with fear and panic. Who wouldn’t be? Dude was a dead man walking. He begged us, “Put me down, man. Please? Anybody? I don’t wanna turn, man!” He held his wound as it slowly oozed blood. The wound itself was nothing life threatening as far as bleeding out or whatever, but he was definitely bitten. I figured the fever would set in soon enough.
Clint told him sternly, “We can’t. We haven’t seen an actual bite that didn’t result in exsanguination in months. We have to monitor the process, and Morofsky wants to run some tests.”
The man pleaded with Clint, “Monitor the process? Monitor the fucking process? I’m going to fucking die, and then I’m going to turn! You can’t let that happen, Clint! Please? How long have we known each other, man?”
Clint frowned deeply. He was in a rough spot. He told him, “I know, Eric. It’s been a long time, but we need this data. I’m sorry this happened to you, but you have a chance to make history here. You don’t have to die in vain.”
Eric started to tear up and held his ground. “Don’t do this. Just let me go. Please? Gimme a gun, man. I’ll do it myself.”
Lilly offered, “Better let someone else do it so you can go to heaven, mister.”
Chavez approached Eric from behind, silently drawing his pistol. I noticed it, but I don’t think anyone else did. Clint and Eric continued to bicker back and forth, but Chavez cut it short for the both of them. He brought the gun down hard, pistol whipping Eric across the back of his head and knocking him unconscious. He stood over the body and told Clint, “Problem solved. Now, do what you gotta do.” He cast a glance over at Cutty and me as if he expected us to intervene.
Cutty said, “Shoulda shot da man. Ain’t right to prolong dis thing.”
I agreed. I told them that if they had a willing participant, that was all fine and well, but this man just wanted out. We could have spared him what was coming. It was his choice, not ours.
Chavez smirked and said, “Yeah, well, you ain’t in charge here, are ya?” He stepped in closer, crowding my personal space, and eyeballed me. “As a matter of fact, why are you here anyway, huh, boy?”
An unfamiliar voice broke the tension. “Because I said they should be here. And since you’re so keen to tell everyone else who is and isn’t in charge of things around here, why don’t you introduce us, Chavez?”
Chavez inhaled deeply in an effort to hide his frustration and backed away. “Staff Sergeant Chalmers, this is Dext Baxter and his people.” His delivery was one of disdain.
My people? My people? I don’t know where he got that shit. I don’t have people of my own. I was just part of the group, our group—part of our family. That bugged me.
I smirked at Chavez, though, instead of letting him get to me, and taunted him, saying, “Yeah, Chavez. Don’t get your thong in a bunch, buddy.”
He lost his composure and told me, “Hey, fuck you, pal! You wanna go?”
What I don’t think he realized was that, yes, I wanted to go. I wanted to fucking go right then and there. I had been waiting for a chance to whip his bitch ass over Lilly. I squared up as the others burst in to protest. Everyone around was clamoring to break up the would-be fight. Chalmers put an end to it. He raised his voice above everyone else, shouting, “Enough! Chavez, you’re dismissed. One more word, and you’re back to squad, hooah?”
Chavez snatched his arm away from one of the men holding him back and seethed. “Hooah, Staff Sergeant.” He backed away, but never broke eye contact with me.
Chalmers ordered the rest, “Get this man into the quarantine infirmary. Clint, take Mr. Baxter and his people with you. I’ll be there shortly.”
Clint led us off into this building and told us to wait here. This one is different from the infirmary where Alyse is staying. This place smells like death. The smell here permeates everything. It makes me uncomfortable. I hope it’s a quick visit. 


Entry 128

Maybe I’m dead already. Maybe we’re all dead already. Let’s take a minute and really consider that as a possibility. I died at some point and didn’t make it to heaven. This whole thing is my own personal hell, where I’m always afraid and I’m always running for what I think is my life. In reality, I’m running because I’m not allowed to escape this place by death. Instead I’m forced to fight every day, over and over again. I’m forced to meet people and come to care about them, in some cases actually love them, only to have them taken from me in some way. Shit, man, even dying isn’t an escape in this place. You just get back up and keep going. 
The traditional concept of hell is full of demons, and you’re tortured eternally. At least that’s the way it’s always been represented to me growing up. Well, I’m surrounded by flesh-eating, cannibal corpses, and I’m watching my friends die one by one. If that’s not torture, I don’t what is. 
My own personal hell.
Sometimes they don’t die, though—at least not right away. Sometimes the torture lies in the fact that they’re still alive.
A door down the hall creaked open as we sat in the shitty waiting area, bringing us all to attention. Neither Chalmers nor Clint had come to see us yet, and the approaching silhouette didn’t resemble either of the two. In fact, the dark figure appeared to have somewhat feminine curves. The fluorescent lighting in the hallway was sketchy and flickered on and off, adding to the creepiness factor with its strobe effect. The figure shuffled towards us clumsily.
I put a hand on Lilly’s shoulder, nudging her behind Cutty and me, and then gave a nod to Murphy and Hook to be ready for anything. We drew our weapons and leveled them down the hallway. Cutty whispered, “Don’t like it.”
The shadow moved steadily toward our position, and I could feel my hand sweating against the gun’s grip. I called out to it, “Hello? Say something.”
Nothing but silence as its feet slapped the tile floor with every uncoordinated step. Hook tried as well, calling out, “Hey. You. Better say somethin’.”
Nothing.
As it staggered into the waiting area, the lights flooded its face and we were able to get a good look at it. My heart sank into my gut. It was Kylee. Her face was chalk white, and her eyes were sunken with dark circles around them. She had matted hair and the glazed look to her eyes that all the neos have when they first turn. She stopped in her tracks.
None of us could do it. We just froze and stared at her with our weapons trained on her.
“Well? You gonna offer a lady a seat or what?” She winked at us and slowly put her hand on her hip. “I’ve been givin’ blood for days, and I feel like I could pass out.”
Relief washed over us when she spoke, and Lilly darted around us to give her a huge hug, exclaiming, “Kylee! You’re okay! You’re okay!”
Kylee made a feeble attempt to hug Lilly back as she nearly fell over from the force of Lilly running into her arms. Murphy told Lilly, “Okay, Lil. Give Kylee a break, hon. She’s been through a lot lately.”
We stowed our weapons, and Kylee plopped down heavily into one of the waiting chairs. Murphy pulled a small canteen from his hip and offered her a drink, which she readily accepted. The color slowly began to return to her cheeks, but she was looking rough. She asked me, “Where the hell you been?”
I told her I was about to ask her the same question and took the seat next to her. 
She continued with, “Me? Where have I been? Well, let’s see… I was pulled from decontamination and quarantined in isolation. I was poked and prodded with all manner of medical instruments. I was nearly drained of every drop of blood in my veins multiple times. I was hooked to machines, and I haven’t seen a single friend in days—not to mention the other stuff. So, I’ll ask again… where the hell have you been?”
I answered her in similar fashion, saying, “We were locked in a shitty dorm room, got in a fight with some guards, Lilly stabbed a guy, Alyse was shot, and we found out that your father is a gigantic asshole.”
Shocked at the news of Alyse, she asked, “Oh my God, is she okay?”
Hook answered her, saying, “She’ll live, barely.”
Kylee reached out to Hook and squeezed his hand supportively before turning to face me. She slapped me solidly on the back of the head and, as my teeth clicked, she snapped, “How could you let that happen?” Then she turned to Cutty and said, “You, too! I told you to keep them safe.”
Cutty sighed guiltily and looked down at the floor. Lilly broke the tension and told Kylee, “I did my job, Kylee. One of the bad guys had Dext and Hook whooped, but I cut him up reeeeal good.” She smiled, quite proud of herself.
Kylee just rolled her eyes at us and shook her head in disgust. After a moment of silent reflection, she leaned over and hugged me weakly, pressing her head to my shoulder. I gave her a gentle peck on her forehead and wrapped her up as best I could. It was good to have the group together again. I found myself holding her there, about to spill my guts… about to tell her how scared I was to not have her around and that I missed her… about to tell her… I loved her.
The front doors swung open, illuminating the entire room with sunlight from outside. The shadows of two men stretched across the room, their faces washed out by the backlighting. The now-familiar voice of Chalmers said, “Ah, good. The gang’s all here.”
He stepped in along with Clint and sat down across from us, crossing his legs somewhat effeminately and clasping his hands together under his chin. He took a long look at us all, as if to take it in for a moment, before saying, “My, my, what a tangled web we’ve woven, eh?”
Cutty huffed and answered, “You don’t know da half of it, mista.”
Chalmers smiled genuinely before motioning to Clint to take a seat. “I assume Clint filled you in on our Colonel Lang situation, yes?”
We gave nods, but I picked up on Kylee’s discomfort at the implication. I feel bad for her—not that she was very close to her old man, but let’s be honest here. She recently learned her father not only helped to fuck up the entire planet, but also used her as a pawn in the entire thing. That’s some heavy shit to process.
Chalmers went on to tell us his role in the outbreak and how his conscience got the best of him. He explained the details of his defection from Col. Lang’s command as well as his personal dilemma, blah-blah-blah. I couldn’t help but think, Yeah, Chalmers, we all got problems. Just shut up already! I was on the verge of tuning him out when he got to the important part—the part that involved us directly.
“Here’s the deal, folks,” he said. “The colonel is going to send everything he’s got at us for this. He’s also threatened my family. So, it looks like we have some decisions to make.”
Hook spoke up, saying, “I don’t really see what any of this has to do with me and Alyse specifically. There’s really no decision to make here. I’m stayin’ put until Alyse is good to go. Hell, I may not even be leavin’ after that. This place is a paradise compared to the outside.”
Chalmers shook his head. “No. It’s not safe here—not yet anyway. We have a friend who is sending some reinforcements our way, but if the colonel’s men show up before they get here, we’re in deep shit. We can’t afford to lose Kylee. Morofsky says she’s an important part of fixing this mess. Murphy, you’ll back me up on this, right?”
We looked to Murphy to shoot it straight, and he did just that. With a nod, he told us all, “They’re right. Kylee, something about you is special, and we have to isolate it. We have to crack the code in order to fix this thing. You’re no good to anyone if you’re dead.”
Clint blurted out, “Either of you, really. We need both of you safe and sound.”
I noticed Chalmers shoot Clint a shitty look, as if he had spoken out of turn, just as Hook asked, “Either of who? There’s more people like her? People that can survive a bite?”
Chalmers paused to choose his words carefully before informing us, “Only one—one other person like her that we know of, which brings me to my next order of business. I think you and I need to talk privately, Kylee. Your people are welcome to wait outside. Morofsky will be along shortly to deal with our bite victim. We’ll reconvene after. Please excuse us?”
He stared at us wordlessly until Hook made for the door with Lilly. Cutty and I reluctantly followed them. 
This ‘hurry up and wait’ shit is getting old.


Entry 129

Chalmers filled us in on his conversation with Kylee a short while after we were urged to leave them alone. I still don’t know how any of this makes sense. Before today, I would have been confident in saying that nothing surprised me anymore, but this little bit of news did.
Kylee was left in the quarantine infirmary with Clint for reasons that would soon become clear when Chalmers exited alone to meet us out front. He was fidgeting nervously, and it was obvious that there was a lot on his mind. It was written all over him in that, for a relatively young man, his face held a grim and defeated expression. “I’ve just told Kylee that her husband is alive and here at the facility. She’s going with Clint to see him,” he said cautiously.
With the exception of Murphy, we stood there silently, mouths agape. For Hook, the shock of the news came due to the fact that he didn’t even know Kylee was married in the first place. To the others, there was almost happiness for her. Let’s be honest; every one of us would be elated to find out that we had surviving relatives. Hell, not only was Kylee’s husband alive, he was here! What an amazing reunion that would be for her or any of us. I had my own thoughts on it, but I’ll share that later. Suffice it to say that I was less than convinced about the validity of the statement after Kylee’s story about his funeral service and so on.
Chalmers went on to explain that Don’s death was faked because of his usefulness as a test subject for the colonel’s plans. What no one expected was the effect of a child in this equation. Chalmers was still baffled at the fact that Kylee could survive being bitten, especially since Don was the only one thus far to have shown this trait. Murphy stepped in at this point and cleared that up.
“She was carrying his baby. Remember how I told you that back in my days studying the Spark it manifests differently in fetal stages? I’ve been giving that some serious thought. It looks like we may have found the missing link. Morofsky hasn’t been successful in any of the transfusions of fluids from Don into new hosts. However, Kylee carried his child, and suddenly she was showing some of his immunities. The baby was the key. Well, it’s a lead anyway…”
It made sense. Nature has a way of making things work. I asked the first thing that came to mind. “You plan on breeding them? You seriously plan on having them make babies to test on?”
Chalmers frowned. “No,” he said bluntly. “I won’t be a part of that. My hands are dirty enough already. I refuse to allow that type of thing to happen to children. I mean, it was bad enough what we did to Subject Sevent—er… Don.”
Murphy scratched his chin and suggested, “We don’t have to. We have blood and tissue samples coming out of our ears from both Kylee and Don at this point. I think we can start in an entirely new direction now that we have this stuff from both of them. I have some ideas that Morofsky might find interesting.”
Chalmers nodded, looking somewhat relieved at the prospect. “Well, that’s great news. The problem is that once the colonel finds out he’s been compromised, he’s going to bring everything he’s got at us to protect his investment. It’s not safe here.”
Murphy huffed. Frustration was clearly mounting. “Not good enough! This is the only place any of us know of with these kinds of features. We need to be here to work on this—period.”
Chalmers swallowed hard because he knew that was a true statement. We were also about to find out that he had another curveball to throw at us. He brought his hands to his head and rubbed at his temples as he searched for a way to lay out his plan. “We’re taking Kylee and Don out of here. I’ve spoken to a friend on the outside, a higher-up. He’s sending some men here to reinforce the facility in case the colonel’s men show up. That should at least make working here a viable option, provided they aren’t outgunned.”
Cutty chimed in, saying, “Well den, why we leavin’? You got men comin’ to protect da place. We could just stay.”
Chalmers shook his head. “No good. It’s just insurance. If the colonel comes at us hard enough, this place could still fall, even with the reinforcements. If that happens, it’s game over. Kylee and Don are out of here. They have to be protected.”
Hook cleared his throat and asked, “What the hell makes you think being out there qualifies as protecting anyone? Going back out there is as much of a death sentence as staying.”
Chalmers shrugged helplessly. He didn’t have the right answer. None of us did.
Murphy told us all, “You’ll be better off out of here. I hate to say it, but it’s true. You’ll have Chalmers, Don, Kylee, Cutty, Dext, Hook, and I’m sure Chalmers could muster another man or two. Against the dead, that’s a helluva team. Against highly trained military personnel… not so much.”
Lilly huffed at not being included but, as much as I hate to say it, her opinion didn’t count on this one. More importantly, Hook made an attempt to fuck it up, saying, “I ain’t goin’ anywhere. I didn’t start this fight, and I don’t give a good Goddamn about Chalmers, his family, this colonel guy, or any of that shit. I care about Alyse, and I ain’t leavin’ her here like that.”
Murphy looked at Hook for a long moment and exhaled heavily. “C’mere.” They walked out of earshot and began chatting. It was intense and clearly spirited, but they didn’t seem to be fighting or anything. I watched as Murphy’s face expressed sincerity and Hook animatedly displayed concern and worry sprinkled with anger. They went on for a good five minutes as the rest of us stood quietly and pretended not to stare at the two of them. In the end they shook hands—er, hand… and returned to the group. I don’t know what was said, but they seemed at peace with one another.
Cutty asked them, “Y’all good?” 
They nodded at him and then to the rest of us to continue. Chalmers once again took the reins, saying, “We’ll need to get your gear, weapons, ammo, your truck, all that shit ready to go, and we need to do it quietly. We can’t spook the staff here. They’ll have enough to deal with once the new help arrives.”
Hook asked Chalmers, “About this ‘help’… You think they’ll hold it together?”
Chalmers stood slightly taller and answered confidently, “They’re the best thing we’ve got left. I trust in that.”
Hook scoffed and retorted, “That ain’t good enough. You army fags turn everything you touch into hot, steamy shit. I can’t trust you assholes with a water run, much less an actual operation.”
Chalmers added, “They’re marines.”
Hook smirked at Chalmers devilishly and said, “Oh… why didn’t you say so?”
I asked to see Kylee, but Chalmers told me that it would be best to leave them alone for a while. 
I guess it’s for the best that I didn’t tell her I loved her after all. 
I also don’t want to go back out there again. None of us do, but if Chalmers, Morofsky, and Murphy are right—If Kylee and Don are the fix for this whole mess… I don’t know. It feels like I have to do everything I possibly can, for Lilly… for everybody. 
I’m no hero, though. I’m not made for this shit. JC was made for this shit. Fool was made for this shit—not me. But they’re dead, fuckin’ dead…


Entry 130

Saying things have been hectic for the past day or two would be the understatement of the century. We’ve been covertly packing clothes and loading D-Prime with supplies, including ammo, meds, some backup weapons, and so on. It’s been a lot harder than I expected it to be since the guys on watch here are gigantic douche bags, but with all of us cooperating, shit’s gotten done.
Lilly has been instrumental in pulling this off, with her special mix of adorable badassery. A lot of the guys around the perimeter have heard the trumped-up story of her stabbing mush mouth in the dorm, and she often regales them with the tale over and over again. It’s the best distraction we could ask for because, while she explains the finer points of knifeplay to the men, we’ve been going behind their backs like thieves in the night.
I suppose the first order of business is the matter of Don. Honestly, I like the guy. We met him a couple of hours after Kylee heard the news. He was, at the time, the most pissed-off human being I’ve ever seen, and rightfully so. Imagine you just came around from a drug-induced stupor that lasted for months to find out everything that has happened. I can’t blame him for wanting the colonel’s head on a pike. I can only hope he’ll get the chance to do just that.
Kylee is emotionally exhausted, and it shows. However, her spirits are up now that the initial shock has worn off, and the two of them have been spending almost every waking moment together, even as we prepared to hit the road once again. She loves him. I don’t think she ever stopped loving him, but every time she smiles at him, it’s like a knife is twisting in my gut. Ah well, fuck it. Like I said, the dude’s cool as hell, so it could be worse, right? Right?
Anyway, I’m sure that once he gets his bearings, the old special forces-type shit will kick back in for him. I’m anxious to see how he does out there since he hasn’t seen any of this since the beginning from an outside perspective. We’re trying to prepare him mentally for the shit we’ve had to deal with out there, but words are just words. We’ll only see what he’s made of once the herds come. I hope he doesn’t need to be babysat.
Sooooo, yeah. All of that’s been going on.
Cutty continued to visit Alyse with Hook, where he read her passages from the Bible before lights-out. She woke up last night, and luckily I was there for it. Hook jumped to her side and grabbed her hand as she opened her eyes. Her first words were, “I felt Him. It was beautiful.”
Hook tried to shush her and encouraged her to take her time, but she seemed excited to tell us all. “There wasn’t a tunnel or anything, just light—brilliant, white light like the purest thing you’ve ever seen. For some reason I didn’t have to shield my eyes, though. And it was warm, like during the early days of summer. He wrapped me up and protected me. So lovely.”
Cutty asked her excitedly, “What He look like, Alyse? What He say?”
She weakly shook her head and told him, “He didn’t ‘look’ like anything. It was a presence that I can’t explain. I just knew I was safe. I wasn’t afraid anymore.”
Cutty smiled at her as she drifted in and out. Hook offered her a sip of water, which she accepted eagerly before resting her head back on the pillow. He brushed the hair from her face and said, smiling, “Look, Alyse. Some things have happened. We have to do something—Well, I have to do something, and I want you to kn—” He stopped short as we realized she had fallen back asleep once more. He sighed heavily with tight lips, opting to end it by simply kissing her on her head.
Cutty and I left him with her. On the way out Cutty told me, “Yo, Dext. On some Shouldah Nigga shit… We gon’ be a’ight, man. She said what I needed ta hear. He up there, man! She seen it with her own eyes.”
I nodded at him slightly and gave my honest opinion, telling him, “She’s also been doped up since she got shot. People see all kinds of shit when stuff like that happens.”
He shook his head. “Nah, nigga. She seen Him. Dat’s all that matters ta me. I saw it in her eyes, homie. It was on the real.”
I shrugged and told him that if that’s what he needed to hear to help him find strength in his faith, then it didn’t make a damn bit of difference what I thought. He should go with it.
Some time later, the final preparations were made and we gathered everyone for a head count before we slipped out—Chalmers, Lilly, Murphy, Hook, Cutty, Kylee, and Don. We stood next to D-Prime and our new ride, a military Humvee. Both were fueled, and we had canisters for backup. This was easily the most prepared we’d been since the beginning. While I was still shittin’ bricks, there was a pervasive confidence within the group, save for one glaring detail. As with everything else, there were surprises.
Murphy gave Hook a nod, to which Hook said, “You promised.”
Murphy told him, “I did, and I’ll take care of it. You can trust me.”
Hook extended his good hand and met Murphy’s hand in a firm shake. He told Murphy, “You tell her I’m doing this to keep her safe, to keep her alive, and to give us all hope.” It was received with silent affirmation. Hook then asked him, “You haven’t told them, have you?”
Murphy frowned and said sadly, “I thought there’d be more time.”
My stomach turned. I knew there was more to that conversation those two had outside of the quarantine infirmary than they let on. I just never expected the next part.
Addressing everyone, Murphy said, “I’m staying here, guys.”
There was instantly dissent in the ranks. Cutty sucked his teeth with frustration, and the others, myself included, began protesting the decision immediately. He didn’t budge, though. In fact, he backed up the decision, strongly saying, “Look, Sally, Alyse can’t move yet. Morofsky needs all the help he can get, and we really need one of us here—if nothing else than to just see how it all goes down. Remember back at my house? Remember Wyatt and Trey finding all my shit from before? This is my chance to make it right on my terms. I can be an asset here because I’ve seen this shit coming for years. I can make a difference here. My Eleanor would have wanted it that way. And once Alyse is up and around, I’m sure she’ll be a great help, too. My mind is made up, guys.”
Kylee eyed him thoughtfully before asking him, “You sure about this? Like, reeeeeally sure?”
Murphy grinned and said, “Look at you guys. You look ready to take on the world. Go do it. Get this man to his family. Get yourselves safe. I’ll try and see to it that there’s a better world beyond this when your job is done. Besides, I’m the only one clever enough to bullshit my way out of this thing if it goes south in a hurry. You retards will just end up shootin’ and stabbin’ anything you come across anyway. I’m sure.”
He smiled. He was at peace with it. So, who the fuck were we to argue? Murphy was my friend, and if he needed to stay and work with Morofsky and Clint, then so be it. 
There were hugs and cheek kisses. There were well-wishes and ‘good lucks.’ There were handshakes and smiles. No one died today, but a part of me did. I really hope I’ll get to see Murphy again some day. I mean that. He smirked at me and whispered, “The last ride of Wyatt Earp and his immortals…”
As Murphy disappeared back into one of the more nondescript buildings, a voice called from the top of a trailer, “Hey! I can’t keep the gate clear of watchmen for much longer. We doin’ this shit or what?”
Chavez. What the fuck was he doin’ there?
Chalmers called up, “We’re goin’. Everybody, get in.”
Whoa, whoa, whoa…
I snapped at Chalmers, “Fuck that! He ain’t goin’ nowhere.”
Chalmers stepped in close to us and said powerfully, “He’s a loose cannon, yes, but he takes orders. I can’t trust him to be here when the shit hits the fan, and this is the best way for me to keep an eye on him. He’s also the only one who could clear us a path to get outta here quietly. He’ll grow on ya.”
Cutty scoffed and quipped, “Like a wart on ma dick…”
Chalmers shook his head and started to argue, but Chavez called out again, “Let’s move out! I see flashlights on the other side headin’ this way.”
There wasn’t time. It was now or never. The gates flew open, and our two vehicles exited the facility, kicking dust and gravel behind us. Westward to Fort Bragg. 


Entry 131

I’m so numb to it.
Death.
When I was a younger man, before all this, I often found myself obsessed with it—not so much with the manner in which one dies, but more with the moments leading up to the ‘lights-out’ point. I’ve spoken about it before, I’m sure, like once the damage has been done, whether it be an accident, a gunshot, a bite. Regardless of the trauma, for many people, there is this space in time when death is imminent and you’re just waiting for it to wrap you up and whisk you away to the other side. I remember sitting on the internet for hours watching these violent videos: beheadings, car crashes, anything with a fatality, just studying those final moments. I never cared so much for the spectacle that was the final blow. Instead I found myself watching people’s faces as they slipped away and wondering to myself what exactly was going through their minds at that exact point in time.
Bizzy, for example—she had to know as she lay there, just before the shock overtook her, that she was a goner. Before the fear consumes you or before you simply just accept that it’s happening, I imagine there is this wave of mixed emotions, no doubt full of disbelief that it finally happened to you. Certainly there is something to be said for the mystery of how you’ll exit this world being solved, but I don’t believe there is relief in that. Everyone wonders at some point how they’ll go, but when you’re finally faced with it, I highly doubt anyone is satisfied. 
For some, however, it comes quick and painlessly. Many would say that’s a blessing; though, I’m not so sure. That time to lay there and make peace with it gives you a second to reflect on how you spent your time here. It gives you time to appreciate how short your life actually was. I guess that’s why it’s often a person’s final words that carry the most weight. For those that go quick, sadly those last words are often mundane. That’s a shame.
We stopped for a piss break on the side of the road, which was a mess of snarled traffic. We had been stopping constantly to move vehicles off the road and had more than a few close calls with some sleepers. Most of the bodies in the cars were long dead, and many were nothing more than skeletal remains picked clean by the bugs and carrion feeders. Lilly asked me at one point why the people in the cars didn’t turn if they died right there, whether it was a car wreck or whatever.
I gave it some thought before I answered her. Truth is, I didn’t really know for sure, but I had an idea. My guess was those that died in crashes may have had some head trauma that effectively did the job of destroying the brain enough to stop them from turning. I also told her that I’d be willing to bet many did turn, but bernies are fuckin’ stupid. They couldn’t exactly figure out how to undo a seatbelt or open a car door, so they sat there in the desert sun, and their brains cooked. It sounded like a good enough guess, and she nodded, satisfied with my answer. 
Kylee had taken Lilly off a ways from the men for what they called “girl’s pee,” leaving me and the others lined up like a bunch of dudes at a piss trough during a sporting event. We chatted idly about the route we were taking and speculated on whether or not the reinforcements had made it to the facility—just stupid shit like that.
No sooner had I stowed away the kraken and zipped my pants, I heard Cutty say, “Aw hell naw,” as he scrambled to get back into the cab of D-Prime. “Watch y’all asses, nigga! Dugs comin’!”
Chalmers and Chavez both reached for their weapons with their dicks in midstream, nearly pissing all over themselves. Chavez spewed, “Goddammit! What the hell is he sayin’? The fuck is a ‘dug’?”
Chalmers answered for him, shouting, “Shit! Get up on the cars! Dogs!”
Don darted past me as I hopped up onto an old Buick. He scooped Lilly up and gave Kylee a push in the direction of a big-ass station wagon. They scrambled to its relative safety.
I brought Murphy’s old binoculars up to my eyes to get a decent view. Dashing towards us at breakneck speed was a pack of nearly twenty feral dogs of all different breeds. They all were wearing collars and running in tandem, but they weren’t making any noise save for the jingling of their tags and their paws slapping the dry earth. Chavez snapped, “Are you fucking kidding me?” as he raised his weapon. Don did the same.
Hook yelled back at them all, “No! Don’t shoot!”
Chavez steadied his aim and sent a single round into the pack as it approached, instantly dropping what appeared to be some sort of Labrador mutt. Kylee managed to stop Don’s shot before he pulled the trigger. 
Hook snapped once again, “Stop fuckin’ shootin’, asshole! There’s dead around!”
No sooner had the words left Hook’s mouth did a small contingent of bernies begin shuffling our way through the small gaps in the jammed traffic. Chalmers and Don jumped from car top to car top towards the dead to engage them with melee weapons and knives while I made my way to Lilly. I passed her JC’s old pistol and told her, “Stay put. Got that?”
She told me, “I got your back.” She tried to wink at me, but she managed to just blink both eyes cutely. I jumped down to cover Hook in case the dogs attacked.
Chavez stood there dumbfounded, looking from the dogs to the dead and back again without making an actual move. Seems Chavez had been living the cushy life inside an armored facility for too long. Motherfucker didn’t even realize that gunfire brings more of them on—just frozen. He didn’t do shit until Cutty jumped down from the cab of D-Prime, tossed a backpack to Hook, then snapped at Chavez, “Kill da bernies, nigga! Da fuck is you doin’?”
In the melee that followed, Kylee pushed her way to the others to get in on the bernies. She had a close call as she passed by an old pickup truck, though. One of the dead happened to be lying in the bed, and it grabbed hold of her hair as she ran to catch the others. It snapped her head back with such force that she dropped her weapon, leaving her well fucked. She screamed for help, but no one was in a position to get to her.
Boom!
The bernie’s body went limp as its brains painted the truck a new color. She jerked her hair loose from its grasp. Lilly stood atop her car with her pistol smoking as she called out, “Sorry for shootin’, Mr. Hook!”
Fuck yeah, Lilly!
Hook told me firmly, “Go help.”
I didn’t argue. I dashed off to the others and helped finish off the last of the dead. Once we were clear, we spun to go help Hook out with the dogs, but instead found ourselves laughing hysterically. He was knelt down in the middle of the pack of them, passing out bits of food from the backpack Cutty tossed him, and petting them like some sorta welfare dog whisperer.
He looked over at us and said, chuckling, “They’re just hungry. And happy to see people, I s’pose. No tellin’ how long they been out here runnin’ wild.”
Cutty stayed at the back of our lineup, whispering, “I don’t like dugs, nigga. E’rry damn dug I eva seen like ta take a chunk out my ass.”
Lilly squealed happily and made her way to Hook’s side to help pitch in with feeding them. Chavez pouted silently to himself for freezing up, but Don tried to reassure him, saying, “Look, man. Shit happens. So, you froze. Now you know how it feels. Recognize it next time, and just make sure it doesn’t happen again. You got me?”
Silence.
We watched Lilly and Hook from a short distance while trying to shake off the chaos from moments before. Not much chatter was happening except Chalmers saying something about how he hoped Hook didn’t give away too much of our food.
Then, it just happened. There’s really no way to explain it and convey the shock.
Boom!
A single shot exploded Hook’s head as he reached to give one last scrap to the animals. His body slumped forward into the dirt without more than a thump. Lilly shrieked and scrambled away towards us as we all took cover, hunkering down between the vehicles to shield ourselves long enough to assess where the shot came from.
Don observed coolly, “That came from the east, behind us.”
Chalmers looked around with a chalk-white pallor to his face and asked, “How can you tell?”
Don pointed at Hook’s corpse and said, “The splatter sent the pieces to the west.” 
This was further illustrated by the dogs, now feeding eagerly on hunks of Hook’s brain and scalp that had been sent flying from the exit wound.
Kylee made a snap decision and told us, “I’m going to get him.”
She didn’t even give us time to protest before running off towards the body. Don yelled to her, “No! Don’t!”
It didn’t matter. It was too late. Almost as soon as Kylee reached his body, another shot rang out.
Boom!
It blasted Kylee in the chest and sent her sprawling out on her back.
“No!”
Don, as if by some magic, kept his cool and quickly explained, “He’s trying to draw you in. If we keep trying to aid our injured, he’s just gonna pick us off one by one.”
Chavez snorted, “The fuck he is. I got caught slippin’ once. Ain’t about to happen again.”
He dashed off to our right and jumped in the cab of D-Prime, firing up the engine immediately. Hanging out of the window, he yelled, “Pull them outta there as fast as you can!” With that, he pulled D-Prime into position between the bodies and the unseen sniper, blocking any possible shot with the mass of the trailer.
Chalmers gave a nod and made his way double-time to the Hummer as the rest of us moved to the bodies. Hook was done, and the dogs had scattered by the time the truck was in place. Cutty knelt over Kylee and tore her shirt open, revealing a huge dent in her body armor. He gave a heavy sigh of relief along with the rest of us as Don noted, “She’s my wife for Christ’s sake. You didn’t think I’d make sure she was protected out here?”
There wasn’t time to celebrate. We tossed her in the Hummer with Chalmers, Don, and Lilly, and the rest of us climbed into the cab of D-Prime. We just plowed through traffic, hopefully not doing too much damage to the truck. 
We definitely can’t afford to lose a vehicle like D-Prime at this point. We’re being hunted…


Entry 132

This is getting ridiculous now. We lost Hook back there, and we couldn’t even give him a proper burial. Kylee came around after a few minutes in the Hummer from what I’m told, but her ribs are badly bruised. And for some reason the shooter is still on our asses. I can’t tell you why that is, because I don’t know, but one thing’s for certain. This guy has gotten way too close for comfort.
The biggest problem with this sniper is that the danger is unseen. Bernies are getting easier every day as long as they’re not in huge numbers. This guy (or girl, I guess), on the other hand, has us rattled. We’re looking over our shoulders every second of the day now and, honestly, I’m scared shitless every time I’m not inside a vehicle. I don’t even want to get out to stretch or to take a leak. I can’t for the life of me understand why anyone like that would be pursuing us, and I’m almost certain it isn’t one of the colonel’s people because he probably doesn’t even know he’s been exposed yet.
Regardless, we can’t even have someone up on top of D-Prime keeping watch, because no one wants to go up there for fear of having their head blown off out of nowhere—which leads me to the next problem. The Hummer is fucked already.
Last night, we all slept in the trailer. For reasons already mentioned, there was no night watchman. When we got up to leave this morning, the hood was up on the Hummer and all the electrical wires had been sliced up. Also, some of the hoses inside were cut up pretty badly. That means this person is still very much present, and more importantly, had the balls to come in real close last night. And why would they fuck up the Hummer and not D-Prime? Something’s fishy.
Now, as I said, this has us all rattled, and it’s beginning to show. As soon as the situation with the Hummer was made known, Chavez lost his shit. He demanded everyone get back inside the trailer and, once we were in, he laid into Chalmers with a quickness. “This is your fault.”
Chalmers balked at the accusation and shot back, “My fault? First of all, no, it’s not. And second, I’ll remind you that you are under orders right now, and you’ll act accordingly, got that?”
Chavez laughed sarcastically and told him, “Yeah, about that. I’ve been thinkin’. You got me on orders to risk my ass on two people I don’t give a shit about and to play bodyguard for you, so you can spring your family from a threat I’m not even convinced exists. I signed on to kill these dead fucks. I didn’t sign on to get shot at by some nutcase. What about my family, man? At least yours are in a Goddamn military base. I haven’t heard from any of my own people for months. This is bullshit!”
Chalmers held strong to his professionalism and told Chavez, “You signed on to serve your country, soldier! Right now, these two are the only shot we have at fixing this shit. It just so happens that my family is in the same place we’re heading. This is the mission. That’s all.”
The rest of us just sorta let it play out for a moment. People needed to blow off steam. We all knew that. There’d been so many arguments and fights between us since we’d been on the road that it barely even fazed me anymore. As long as shit didn’t get out of hand, it was probably healthy that these things happened. But there was a line that shouldn’t be crossed. Unfortunately for both of them, Chavez didn’t seem to care too much for lines.
Chavez furrowed his brow as he got more and more fired up. “My ‘country’ is dead, and every one of us will be dead just the same if we keep following your lead, man. In fact, how do we even know you aren’t still working with Lang? How do we know this asshole shooting us down one by one isn’t one of your people? How do we know you aren’t leading us right into a Goddamn trap?”
Chalmers couldn’t believe it. “You gotta be shittin’ me! You really think that?”
Lilly covered her ears and shouted, “Stop fighting,” but she was immediately shushed by Chavez.
He told her, “Stay out of this, kid. It’s none of your damn business.”
Cutty calmly urged him, “I suggest you watch ya tone with the li’l girl, a’ight? Lest you an’ me have a problem.”
Chavez ignored him and turned his attention back to Chalmers, seething. “Whatta ya say we find out? I’ll go out there and catch the fucker myself. And if he says anything remotely involving you, I’ll kill you both.”
He drew his sidearm.
That’s the line I was talkin’ about. A fight is a fight, but as soon as weapons come out, something has to change. Chavez continued ranting, gun in hand, and began gesturing at Kylee with it, saying, “Then I’ll take both of these idiots back to the facility where it’s safe!”
Kylee warned him calmly, “Don’t point that gun at me again.”
Dude was seriously beginning to lose it. At this point I wasn’t even listening to him anymore. I was just looking for an opportunity to diffuse the situation. I wished Murphy were there right then. He knew how to chill people out by saying the right things. 
The gun swung in Kylee’s direction once more as his tirade continued, and she got pissed this time. She stepped forward and snapped, “I told you to get that gun out of my fucking face!”
He looked her right in the eye and told her, “I’ll point this shit at whoev—”
He didn’t even get the sentence out. Cutty yoked him up by his throat with one hand and swung him up against the wall of the trailer, pinning him helplessly. “Somebody get da gun, dammit!”
Don jumped in immediately since he was close and wrenched the pistol out if his hand, passing it to me. I dropped the mag to the floor and cleared the round from the chamber before tossing it uselessly to the bedrolls in the corner. Cutty spoke menacingly through his teeth, “I done had enough of yo’ shit, ya heard? You think we ain’t scurred, nigga? E’rrybody here is scurred, and we don’t need yo’ ass makin’ shit worse. Now sit yo’ ass down, and shut da fuck up befo’ I get ta movin’ furniture up in dis bitch.” He threw Chavez to the trailer floor and then pointed at Chalmers, saying, “He do got a point, though. If you settin’ us up, you’s a dead nigga, nigga. Consequences an’ repercussions.”
Lilly pointed at Chavez on the floor and sang, “Yooou got in trooouble, you got in trooouble. Now you’re on tiiiime-out, now you’re on tiiiime-out,” giggling girlishly.
Chavez wiped his face and sat there pouting. Kylee told him, “We’ve dealt with people like you before. We’re all in this, like it or not. Get your shit together, and do it now.”
I couldn’t help but remind them all that this was a big problem, though—one that needed to be dealt with immediately. At least we were all in agreement there. The trouble was that no one had a clue what to do. Don suggested that he and another person try to track this mystery shooter, but Chalmers shot it down immediately. He even gave Don some shit for suggesting it at all, saying, “You can’t be serious. The entire point of this operation is to keep you out of harm’s way. There’s no way in hell you’re going out there after him.”
Cutty agreed. “He right. Ain’t no sense in dat. Y’all go out there and get yo’ asses killed, den we may as well jus’ stop tryin’ right here and now.”
Chalmers suggested we just try and lose him. “We could try and throw him off our trail, just disappear into the sunset.”
Kylee nodded, saying, “It’s better than just going at him head-on. Let’s get some miles in and come up with a plan next time we take a break. Keep heading up towards Phoenix and maybe lose him in the mountains?”
Good enough for me.


Entry 133

It didn’t take much time at all to roll into Arizona. Even with the highways all jacked up, we managed to plow through a couple hundred miles in a matter of a night. Sucky part is that, as we pushed through the traffic, not only was D-Prime taking some damage, we were also clearing the path for our pursuer. 
Kylee did most of the driving, switching off at times with Chalmers. They stayed together in the cab. I generally wouldn’t bother making a note of our driver unless it was worth mentioning for some reason or another. In this case, it seems important to note that this was the first time Kylee’s agreed to be behind the wheel of D-Prime since the accident and subsequent death of Bizzy. I’m beginning to think the reappearance of Don has somehow helped her move forward from some of the things we’ve experienced. 
Don has been acting as though everything, every single thing, was a military issue or mission. It’s not been as annoying as you might think, though. It actually brings with it a certain sort of comfort—the mindset being that certain actions are forgivable in the climate of war, and some of the more gruesome things we’ve seen are just a side effect of the situations we find ourselves in. It’s done wonders for the conscience as long as one can hang onto enough civility to be a productive member of society once the war is over. For now, there’s no end in sight, so fuck it.
A great example of Don’s know-how came after Kylee noticed the running lights of a vehicle some distance behind us on one of the huge straight-aways we’d encountered. She announced it to us in the back using our communicators. 
Bah, who am I kiddin’? They’re not communicators. They’re really just some silly-ass, pink walkie-talkies that Lilly spotted in one of the abandoned cars. That was a nasty encounter on its own when you consider that Chavez had to pry one out of the severed hand of the kid that used to own it. He threw up on the spot—not from the act of prying it out so much as the smell of decay and the fact that the rest of the kid was still a mess of masticated flesh strapped into a car seat. No one had any time to comment on the sight thanks to this sniper asshole taking another potshot at us. He missed Chavez by an inch… maybe less.
Anyway, Don ordered her to stop the truck and then immediately opened up the hatch to the roof of the trailer. Cutty protested, immediately asking, “You ain’t gon’ out there, is you?”
Don assured him he was not with a shake of his head. He told Cutty, “Bring me a hat or something. And a mirror.”
Cutty complied and produced the only piece of headwear not in use. It was Fool’s old combat helmet. We had debated about placing it on his memorial, but instead opted for the baseball cap he wore once in a while. I guess I can admit now that, even though I suggested using the baseball cap because it was more casual and familiar, I really just wanted to keep the helmet in case we needed it one day. I suppose I was right in a way. With the help of Don and a stranger, that helmet saved lives today.
Lilly asked, “Will this work,” as she passed Don a small compact mirror. It was one of those snap-shut things that chicks use for their makeup. I honestly didn’t even know we had one of them. I assume it belonged to Dana at some point, seeing as she’s the only woman we’d come across who still gave a shit about how she looked to other people—not that it helped her much. Bitch was pretty much busted, in my opinion, anyway.
Don took it from her politely and ruffled her hair as if to tell her she did a good job. Then he set to work. He snatched some duct tape and broke the mirror out of the casing before taping the mirror to the front of the helmet. After that, he placed the helmet on the end of one of the rifles and poked it up through the hatch as we all watched in silence. It took about a minute for him to exclaim, “Aha! There we go.”
The sunlight flashed off the mirror as he worked the rifle with the helmet atop it from side to side through the hatch.
Boom!
The glass from the mirror rained down onto Don as he flinched from the impact. The helmet shot off the end of the rifle and landed at our feet with a neat hole right where the mirror was taped to it. “Welp,” Don said, “there’s our answer.”
Chavez sighed heavily and said, “Damn, man. Fucker’s still on our asses. This is ridiculous.”
We took a moment to think over our course of action, but found ourselves interrupted by Kylee on the walkie asking us, “Everybody all right? I’m feeling a little exposed at the moment.”
I told her we were all right and that we just needed a few minutes more to make a plan. There was the usual argument from Kylee, but the best part about walkie-talkies was that we could just turn them off. She started with her shit, and I just shut it down, much to Cutty’s amusement. The only downside was that I knew she was gonna smack the shit outta me for it the first chance she got. In fact, I probably should have left it on so we didn’t have the freak-out moment that followed.
It began with Kylee’s voice from outside the trailer screaming, “One more step and I’m droppin’ you, motherfucker!” This was followed by a frantic pounding on the side of the trailer.
I motioned for Lilly to stay put along with Cutty and moved to open one of the trailer doors. Chavez and Don were already next to me when the sunlight poured into the back of the truck and we made a point of keeping one door closed completely. That way we could stay fairly covered behind it in case the sniper still had our number. We were met by the shape of a man about thirty feet down the road, approaching us slowly on foot.
Chalmers, standing beside Kylee, called again, “Last warning, asshole!”
The figure took another few steps then stopped as ordered. Don and Chavez made a visual sweep of the surroundings and found it to be clear of bernies for the time being, so we held firm. From our position it was readily apparent that he had a rifle slung across his back. We also noticed his hands weren’t empty. 
The kid was filthy. I put him in his early twenties, shaggy brown hair, and about as tall as me. He had a scraggly, patchwork beard and a small duffle bag across his shoulder along with the aforementioned rifle. He held a bloody survival knife in his right hand and a bernie’s head in the other.
Chavez ordered him forcefully, “Start talkin’, and it better be damned good.”
“I b-b-believe you owe me a f-f-favor,” the kid said, stuttering terribly.
Chavez answered him with, “A favor? I already did you a favor, dickweed. I didn’t shoot your ass… yet.”
The kid ignored Chavez and turned his attention to Don, asking, “Is he always s-s-uch an a-a-asshole?”
I repressed the urge to smirk and tell him the truth, opting instead to say, “We’re just a little tired of running into psychos, ya know… like the kind of people who roam around alone carrying human heads and shit.” I gestured at the head.
The kid looked down at the head in his hand, gripping it by the hair, before rolling it towards us. It came to a stop on its ear, staring blankly with one eye. The other eye was nothing more than a gaping hole. He told us, “Th-th-that’s your s-s-sniper problem. I s-s-sorted him out.”
Chavez disgustedly asked as we dropped one by one onto the road from the trailer, “That’s the sniper, huh? And you ‘sorted him out’?”
Smirking, the kid answered with, “Did I s-stutter, m-m-motherfucker?”
Nobody likes a smartass and Chavez was no exception. He got a little shitty, but managed to ask the kid, “You shot him through the Goddamn eye? You must be a pretty good shot with that rifle, kid.”
The kid shook his head, “N-n-name’s not kid… it’s B-B-Boyd, and w-wasn’t my rifle. I sh-sh-shot the prick about seven times in the b-back with this…” 
He produced one of the finest handguns I’d ever laid eyes on from a shoulder holster, which caused everyone to rear back and nervously ready themselves for a shootout. It was a badass, chrome piece with a silencer mounted on the front, pearl grip, and some sort of specialized sights on the top.
Don noted, “That’s a fine piece you got there, Boyd, but do you mind telling me why you killed this man? And what’s all this business about a favor? Why are you out here alone?”
Boyd told us all, “Th-The hunters have b-been a thorn in everyone’s s-s-side for months n-now. They t-t-track anyone who comes this w-way. My g-g-group is all dead. G-G-God only knows what they d-do with the ones they k-kill, but this is the last of them. I b-been chasing them down one b-by one. This guy was good, th-though. Kept h-hidden and on the move f-f-for days now, b-but he gave his p-position away when he took that last shot at y-you guys. I made him p-p-pay. He turned on me after I took his h-h-head off, so I stabbed him through th-th-the eye.”
Chavez said, “Good thing it wasn’t a long story, kid. I thought I was gonna fall asleep by the time you finished the damn thing.”
Boyd laughed, taking the joke well, and told Chavez, “Yeah, g-g-good thing I’ve only h-h-heard that joke about a th-th-thousand times, bitch. Luckily, you’re m-m-mother doesn’t m-m-mind it so much.”
Don put his hand out to hold Chavez back as he made a move to get in Boyd’s face and told him, “Take it easy, Chavez. Kid’s just giving you a taste of your own medicine.”
Chavez scoffed and backed off, just slightly.
Boyd got back to business. “So y-yeah, my g-group’s all gone, and I n-n-need a ride outta here. Guy tore up my t-truck last night. Since I pretty much s-s-saved your asses, I’ve decided to r-r-run with you guys for a while.”
I told Boyd, that probably wasn’t going to happen. Not surprisingly, he didn’t blink an eye. He just told us, “I figure you’re headed to V-Vegas, right? Everybody’s g-going there.”
Don shook his head and told Boyd, “Cali, actually. What’s going on in Vegas?”
Boyd made a face like he was disgusted that we didn’t already know before telling us that Vegas was actually prospering through all of this. It was painful to listen to him stammer his way through it all, but basically he just wanted a ride to Vegas and then he’d be on his way.
Don told the kid to wait where he was and huddled the rest of us up near D-Prime to discuss it. Kylee instantly shot down the idea and argued that we’d had nothing but trouble from other people. Cutty more or less agreed. Don and Chalmers were more empathetic and made it a point to illustrate how nice it was to be outside without worrying about a rifle round tearing its way through our bodies. They felt we owed the kid a ride at least.
Boyd cleared his throat from his position some twelve feet from our huddle and suggested, “I th-think you g-guys should make a move s-soon. We’re wastin’ d-d-daylight.”
Chavez told him to shut his mouth.
Boyd raised his pistol in our direction, causing everyone to draw and spread out slightly.
Plink!
He pulled the trigger and fired a single round. With everyone flinching at the somewhat silenced discharge, I spun around just in time to see a single bernie drop in the distance some thirty yards behind us, ahead of D-Prime.
Boyd stood there with his gun smoking and said flatly, “We’re gonna d-draw a c-c-crowd soon.”
Kylee spat on the ground and snapped, “Fuck it. At least he ain’t useless. Let’s go.”
The map shows us a couple hundred miles from Vegas as of right now. If we keep making good time we’ll be there tomorrow or the next day, but I’m not counting on it. We always run into some kind of problem. Let’s hope the problem isn’t Boyd.


Entry 134

I woke up in the back of D-Prime to a sight that no one really wants to see. No, it wasn’t Don and Kylee gettin’ it on in a sleeping bag. It wasn’t maggot-ridden corpses or bernies munching on some poor fool who ran out of ammo at a bad time. It was way worse than all of that, actually. It was Cutty with no boots or socks on his funky-ass feet, sitting inches away from my face, cutting his Goddamn toenails with a machete. My throat snapped shut when his sour, goat-cheesy foot stank hit my nose, so I groggily moved my ass to the back of the trailer to grab a water in an effort not to hurl.
I watched Kylee as she lay with Don for a while, remembering some of our more challenging moments. I thought about the many nights I stayed awake with her, a hand on her stomach, feeling the rise and fall of her breathing to ensure she didn’t turn like the others did from Morofsky’s shitty vaccine. I thought about her saving Rebecca in the community’s trash dump, only to be bitten again. I chuckled under my breath when I thought about the time she almost lost her shit and tried to take on an entire herd by herself… that is, before I punched her in her face. Even the memory of that moment brought back the searing pain of the knee to the nuts she gave me in return. We stood by each other every time. We’d faced every challenge together. I cursed at her under my breath as I watched her sleep this time, though—Don, too. I cursed them both for the way I was feeling as I watched the two of them sleep together. 
Then I noticed Kylee change. Her facial expressions contorted as she slept, and she whimpered slightly. Cutty looked up from his toe-clipping session immediately at the sound to silently assess the situation and make certain all was well. He’d done the same for Lilly as she slept, too. In fact, he’d done it on no less than seven occasions just since I’d been awake and drinking my water. Finding everything to his satisfaction, he went back to what he was doing. Not me, though. I could tell she was scared, but Don wasn’t budging; he was sound asleep. He should’ve been more aware of her discomfort. He should’ve been awake and wrapping her up in his arms, putting her back to sleep without fear. That’s what I would have done. Shit, man, I had done it… countless times.
Her eyes shot wide open, and she inhaled sharply as she wrenched herself from the nightmare. After gathering her thoughts for a short moment, she eased herself out of the sleeping bag without disturbing Don and got to her feet. She stalked over to Cutty and stood with her hand on her hip, waiting for him to acknowledge her.
He told her quietly, “Go on.”
Kylee bent over and picked up Cutty’s second machete. “Thanks,” she said sincerely. 
Reaching up behind her head, she grasped her pony tail with one hand and began sawing into it at the base with the other, using the machete. In a matter of seconds the majority of her hair hit the floor of the trailer, and what was left streamed around her face sloppily. She continued to chop at it, becoming more frantic as she went along, slicing chunks off and letting them flutter to the floor.
She held them back as long as she could, but it didn’t take long for her to break. She started to cry, but never wavered from her task. Cutty and I both rushed to her side to offer some comfort, some help. She dropped the machete to the floor with a loud clang, which caused the others to stir from their rest.
Cutty covered for her, saying, “My fault, y’all, my fault. Jus’ dropped a damn blade. Y’all go back ta sleep now.”
With a grumble and a yawn, Don rolled over and disappeared into the sleeping bag once more. Lilly did the same in her corner. Chalmers and Chavez were in the cab keeping an eye on Boyd, so I doubted they heard it at all. We turned our attention back to Kylee.
Cutty put an arm around her and whispered, “Eeeeeasy, girl. Eeeeeasy,” as we escorted her to where I had been standing in the rear.
She shuddered and sobbed, but made a solid effort to do so quietly. I asked her what was wrong, and she told me through her sniffles, “It had me. It had me by my hair. If it wasn’t for Lilly…” 
That was all she managed to get out before blubbering incoherently again. I got it, though. The day Hook died, when that bernie grabbed a hold of her, she got spooked—no shame in that. But this was next level shit.
I offered to finish up her hair for her and nodded to Cutty that I had it covered. He asked, “You sho’? You don’t need no help, nigga?”
I told him once more that I was good then sat with Kylee on the floor as he moved back towards Lilly and Don. I asked her what she needed done, and she told me, “I want it gone. Take it all off.”
I picked through our tool box to find a couple of items more suited to the task, then got to work. She calmed down and kept quiet as I snipped off the remainder of her hair then began shaving her head with a razorblade and the rest of my water. She told me, “I don’t love him, Dext. I don’t think I ever did, to be honest.”
I didn’t say anything.
“I mean, we hardly even saw each other the entire time we were together, and now, knowing that my father more or less staged the entire thing… I just don’t know. I feel duped. He’s a great guy… and he’s brave… and smart… but…”
I finished up her hair and toweled her off without a word. I figured she just needed to vent. Turning to face me, she stared blankly as if awaiting my response. I mustered up the only thing I could think of. “He loves you. I can tell. Things are just fucked up right now. You two will be all right.”
She reached up and rubbed her freshly shaved head, saying, “Feels weird.”
She looked hilarious. I couldn’t help but start laughing at the sight of her. She started chuckling along with me, and before I knew it we were nearly in stitches over the whole thing. The moment passed, and we were once again staring silently at one another.
I feel bad for her. I know she told Don about the baby and everything we had been through, but words can’t describe shit like that. Words can’t describe the bonds built in times like this. We’ve lost so many friends. To anyone reading my words, they’re just names, but they were so much more to us: Gary, Kate, Hope, Junior, Bizzy, Tom, Wyatt, Trey, Fool, Rebecca, JC, Hook. Shit… Alyse doesn’t know about Hook. Shit!
It was as if she could read my mind. I placed my hands on her cheeks and pulled her forward, pressing our foreheads together. With closed eyes, we sat there for a long moment, reflecting on what had become of our lives and the tangled web we’d woven over time.
She kissed me.
In the silence of our filthy trailer, she kissed me and meant it. And when it was over, she hugged me and whispered in my ear, “Thank you—for everything.”
I said nothing.
I glanced at Cutty over her shoulder, and he was looking right at me, shaking his head. I knew what he was thinking, and he was right. We just fucked up.
There wasn’t time to think about it any further, though, as the hatch on the roof flew open, flooding the trailer with the early light of the morning.
Boyd’s head popped down through the hole, and he said, “R-r-rise and sh-shine!”
Kylee and I quickly flew apart, and Boyd finally got a look at her new appearance. “J-Jesus bumbling Ch-Ch-Christ… What the hell h-happened to you?”
Kylee told him to kindly mind his own fucking business, like she does, but Lilly exclaimed, “Holy cow! You look funny!”
Don winked groggily up from his spot and commented, “Guess they won’t be grabbing your hair again, huh, baby?”
Kylee, puzzled, asked him, “How did you know that’s what I cut it for?”
My stomach dropped when he replied, “I’m a very light sleeper… Ain’t that right, Dext?”
Fuck.
Boyd interrupted the awkwardness, saying, “We’ll be in V-Vegas before ya kn-know it. Let’s r-roll.” He disappeared from the hatch, and shortly after, the engine sparked to life.
Lilly walked over to me and Kylee as the truck began to move and said, “Bernies can’t grab you anymore, huh?”
Kylee nodded then grabbed Lilly in a big hug. She told her, “I never said thanks, Lilly. That was a helluva shot you made.”
Lilly brushed it off and said, “Psht! I got your back, Jack.” She grinned proudly and told me, “I want mine like Kylee’s, Dext. Let’s do it.”
What a weird morning.


Entry 135

Just when you think you’ve seen it all… Just when you think shit’s about as crazy as it can be, you come across something or someone that blows it all away. Today was one of those days. 
We’re just a few miles outside of Vegas now, and the excitement is palpable. If what Boyd says is true, then Vegas is the perfect spot to get sorted for the final leg of our journey. A well-adjusted, secure, and thriving town will likely allow us to sort out whatever goods and ammo we may need as we push into California and ultimately Fort Bragg. Once we’re there, though, we have no idea how we’ll be received. If the colonel hasn’t put two and two together yet, we may be able to simply enter and secure Chalmers’ family immediately, maybe even convince the forces there that the colonel is a shitbag and Thigpen is the man to follow in the coming months. If Bragg is still under the colonel’s control when we arrive, then shit’s gonna get sketchy in a hurry. We’ll cross that bridge when the time comes. 
The desert brought with it a number of challenges we hadn’t faced before. First and foremost, it was hot as balls out there. It was also wide open, which you would think would be great for visibility. It wasn’t—honestly. The glaring sun and the distortion on the horizon from the heat complicated matters, even with a rifle scope or binoculars. It was also dusty, and every time a rare breeze pushed through, we found ourselves caked in sand and trying not to scratch the lenses on our optics.
Then there were the bernies out there. They were different, sort of. They didn’t look like the fleshy, bloody ones from back east. Instead, almost all of them were dried up and looked like unwrapped mummies. Many of the one’s we saw wandering in small packs were skin and bones, like they were starving, and they acted like it, too. They were much more aggressive. In fact, that aggression was the focus of today’s little drama.
It began with taking a small break to stretch our legs and to allow Lilly to play for a while. She looked surprisingly cute, as usual, even with her freshly shaved head. In fact, she even told us that her new do was helping with the heat. We were all just milling around and making small talk when Boyd pointed off in the distance. The boy was always on watch. I liked that about him, but it was almost odd. He didn’t ask for breaks or anything. He just stared into the rifle scope constantly.
Anyway, he called out, “C-c-company.”
Lilly frowned at the prospect of her playtime being cut short, but she perked right up when Kylee nodded at her to grab her pistol. Lilly loved any opportunity to stand guard with her gun. Kylee hopped up into the trailer and picked up her own rifle. She hadn’t taken a shot with it in some time due to her eye, and I could tell she was itching to. Boyd steadied his aim at the incoming group and fired a single shot. I couldn’t really tell how many were out there with the glare, but I was able to tell that however many there were, it was now less one. The spray glistened in the air as Boyd connected with his target.
Kylee told him, “Nice shot, kid.”
Boyd grinned confidently and replied, “Thanks! N-Now, your t-t-turn.”
Kylee frowned and pointed to her eye. “Can’t. Used to be able to shoot the nuts off a mosquito at five hundred yards, but I ain’t worth a shit these days.”
Boyd peeked through his scope once more, but refrained from shooting. He told us, “You g-guys wanna p-p-play a game?”
Lilly clapped merrily and answered for us all, “Yes!”
Boyd told us to make some noise to bring them in a little closer, but added, “Don’t shoot them yet.”
Once they were within fifty to a hundred yards, he told Cutty to fire up D-Prime and be ready to drive. Then he urged the rest of us into the trailer, leaving the doors wide open. We complied and, in minutes, he had us all lying on our bellies with our weapons pointed out the back of the truck towards the fifteen or twenty bernies. He shouted to Cutty, “Just drive slowly and keep them at this distance!”
Cutty eased off the breaks, and we crept forward, leading the pack. Boyd told Kylee, “Let’s f-fix you.” Then, with a grin, he gestured for her to take aim.
She frustratingly placed her bad eye to the scope of her rifle and grumbled angrily, “I… I can’t. It’s blurry as hell.”
Boyd smiled patiently and said, “S-Switch shoulders.”
Chavez scoffed and let out a snarky, “Phst… You’re gonna make her shoot opposite? No way in hell that’s gonna work.”
Boyd winked and said, “Military ch-chick like her? She already kn-knows how to shoot from b-both sides, b-but she ain’t got no c-c-confidence. G-gotta f-fix that. N-now, can you please sh-shut the f-fuck up?”
Kylee exhaled heavily and fired a single round as Boyd used his own scope to spot for her. She missed and let us know, too, snapping, “Shit!”
As the truck inched forward, Boyd told her, “Low r-right.”
Kylee ejected her first shell casing and set up for another. 
Boom!
Boyd called out, “B-better. Still low.”
Another round ejected had Chavez bitching, “Waste of fuckin’ ammo, if you ask me…”
I caught a chuckle when Boyd responded, “G-good thing n-no one asked you.”
Boom!
Kylee’s third round hit dead center in the face of the bernie leading the pack, sending shards of skull into the air and dropping it like someone flipped its off switch.
Lilly exclaimed, “Nice shootin’, Kylee! There ya go!”
Boyd nodded his satisfaction and told her, “Try a few more before we take our turns.” Then he called to Cutty, “G-good job up there, C-C-C-C-C-Cutty. Keep g-goin’!”
We led them for miles, laughing and playing, taking potshots at them. We tested our aim by trying to shoot limbs off of them and eventually began letting them get closer and closer, just so we could try out more fancy shots. Chavez even got in on the action and took out two with one round. He puffed out his chest and challenged us, saying, “Hah! That was awesome!”
The group had dwindled down to around six or seven when Cutty slammed the breaks. The sudden stop sent Don and Chalmers tumbling towards the front of the trailer since they were on their feet, but the rest of us simply slid backwards on our bellies a foot or two. That was when we saw one of the craziest sights we’d seen yet.
A black Cadillac sped past us going in the opposite direction heading straight for the pack of bernies. This wasn’t your ordinary Cadillac, though—sleek, black, and shiny… chromed out… blacked-out window tint… and some guy was sitting on the Goddamn hood! The dude was dressed in black pants and wore a grey tank-top tee shirt covered with a sleeveless, leather vest. His hair was average length, and he was sporting some tattoos and piercings. He sorta looked like half biker, half gangster. He held a long blade in one hand that kinda looked like a machete, but more stylish. 
He cheered as they sped past, hollering, “Yeeeeeah! Now! Now, now, now!”
The driver of the car slammed the breaks, sending this guy sliding off the hood and literally flying through the air at the pack of bernies. In mid-fall, he took a strong swipe at one of the ones on the outer edge of the group, slicing its head clean off at the shoulders, before landing in the sand on the side of the road. He slid a few feet and tumbled into a roll before popping to his feet and posing like a boss. “Told you I could do it, Nick! You owe me forty chips, bitch.”
The bernies moved towards this crazy bastard slightly as his partner exited the vehicle, smiling proudly. “Not bad, faggot. Now gimme my kukri back.”
The second man, Nick I assume, was dressed impeccably. He was in black as well, except his clothing was money—full suit and vest, but no jacket. The sleeves of his dress shirt were rolled up over his forearms, and he carried a small sidearm in a holster strapped to his thigh. Again he demanded, “Gimme back my shit, assbreath. I’d rather not get eaten today. I got a hot date tonight.”
The dead moved ever closer as these two guys bickered at one another. The first one tossed the blade at Nick, and it landed at his feet, stuck in the sand neatly. Nick bent down and picked it up before flourishing it comfortably. He said, “C’mon, man, be easy with it. Took me three days at the blackjack tables to work up the chips to buy this thing, and that prick Gino only had the one.”
“Ma bad, dude,” the first one said sincerely.
Nick drew his pistol and kicked the closest deadhead into the others, sending them clumsily sprawling to the asphalt. “Ten to one I can get four done before I have to take a shot. How ya like those odds, Seth-my-boy?”
Seth gestured in a mockingly polite manner and said, “I’ll take that all day long.”
Nick stepped into the fray as the dead got to their feet once more, swinging the blade easily through the meat of a bernie’s leg. It was crippled immediately. Smoothly, he continued the same motion, much like Cutty would, into the head of another with a solid thwack. “That’s two,” he shouted.
The remaining three closed in, but Seth didn’t make a move. He watched his partner coolly from the sidelines as Nick kicked another back a few feet before pistol whipping it bluntly. Seth whistled and buffed his nails on his tee shirt, somewhat bored.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
The final three dropped where they stood, freezing everyone in place as Lilly tucked her pistol in her pants. Chavez and Boyd stood there, stunned, and Boyd stammered, “F-f-fuck m-me. Did you know she c-c-could do that?”
He was ignored.
Seth dramatically began a slow clap, which Nick joined in on as they looked in our direction for the first time. “And the jerky kill of the week goes to the li’l, badass, bald bitch in the truck!”
Nick spat on the ground and snapped at Seth, “That was bullshit. If you think I’m paying you for that, you’re retarded.”
Seth chuckled and told him, “I most certainly am not retarded, and you owe me another thirty chips.”
Nick scoffed and retorted, “Umm… correction, buttlicker… it’s twenty chips, and I ain’t payin’ it—clearly interference.”
Completely oblivious to the snapping head laying on the ground and the crippled crawler, these two nutjobs started play fighting and eventually had each other wrestled to the ground. 
Cutty appeared from around the side of the trailer and sunk his machete into the crawler, then finished off the severed head before stalking over to Seth and Nick. He pulled them both apart and yoked them to their feet by their collars before backing off a step.
Seth and Nick chuckled at one another as they dusted off their clothes, capping off one of the most ridiculous scenes I’d ever witnessed.
Formal introductions ensued, and it turned out these two guys lived in Vegas. They were definitely sketchy about why they were out there, but they seemed friendly enough. We told Seth that we wanted to head into Vegas, and he was for the most part agreeable. He did, however, inform us that one does not simply drive into Vegas these days and expect to just settle in. Nick went a step further and explained that just to get into the gates, we would be required to pay tribute.
Chalmers asked him outright, “Pay? Pay with what?”
Seth smirked and answered him, saying, “It varies from person to person. Nick and I have some business to attend to, but this was fun and all. Tell ya what… stay here while we handle this thing, and when we come back we’ll figure out a way to get you in. That little kid you got is badass. Not too sure why your women look like Nazis, but whatever, dude… That’s your business. You guys are perfect. We could use your big guy’s muscle, and it looks like you all can shoot. Gino and Fat Tony are gonna be stoked.”
Chavez asked skeptically, “How do we know you’ll be back?”
With a charming smile, Nick told him, “I give you my word. We’ll be back. Besides, we gotta pass back through this way to get home. A simple look at a map will tell you that.”
Let’s be honest here. We weren’t really in a position to negotiate yet, so we nodded and told them we’d hang here until dusk. Seth added, “We won’t be more than an hour.”
So, that’s it. We moved the dead off the road and watched the Cadillac speed off into the desert in the opposite direction. If they aren’t back by dusk, we’ll move on. In the meantime, we’ll just sit here and listen to Boyd and Chavez bitch at each other about nothing.

How about Lilly, though? That shit was crazy.


Entry 136

Seth was full of shit with his ‘less than an hour’ estimation, and the two appeared as a small dot on the horizon nearly three hours later. He offered a weak apology.
Nick attempted to explain, saying, “We ran into a bit of a hitch, but nothing we couldn’t handle.”
Kylee nudged me and covertly gestured with her eyes towards the Caddy. I couldn’t be sure, but I didn’t remember seeing the massive dent in the rear quarter panel, nor could I remember there being bloody handprints all over the trunk. They were there now, though, and Kylee was all over it.
She asked them casually, “What’s up with the car? You guys run into more bernies?”
Nick pondered the question briefly before asking her, “Bernies? That what you call ’em?”
Seth chuckled. He clearly got the joke. Nick shrugged it off and told us, “We call ’em jerks… or jerkies.”
Chavez stretched languidly and spouted, “Yeah, that’s cute and all, but can we cut the shit, please? I’m sweatin’ like a whore in church over here…”
Seth told us all, “Wow… he’s a charmer. Where’d you get this guy?”
In his usual manner, Chavez interrupted with, “How ’bout I charm this foot in your ass?”
Here’s where I realized Seth was a little off—not crazy or anything, just slightly out there. He told Chavez, “If you wanna put anything in my ass, you better buy me dinner first and give me the courtesy of a reach around. And the line starts behind Nick because he’s queer like that.”
Nick and Seth chuckled at themselves before Nick quipped, “C’mon Seth, I thought I was your one and only.”
They were just fuckin’ with Chavez, and he couldn’t stand it. He was getting all sorts of pissed off. He laid his gun down and squared up to Seth like he was gonna fight him. He told them both, “Enough talk, smartass. You wanna go?”
Frankly, we would’ve stepped in and ended the banter if it was anybody but Chavez. In fact, we all looked at one another like, ‘You gonna say something, or what?’ but no one moved. I think we all wanted to see a good fistfight. 
Seth drew his pistol slowly and passed it back to Nick, saying, “Hold my shit real quick, Nick. I’m about to knock this bitch out. I’ll give you three-to-one odds he gets in one good punch.” He was smiling the whole time. I swear the dude was in a constant state of ‘fuck it.’
Nick refused to take the pistol and told Seth, “Nah, man. I mean, three to one is good shit and all, but I’m already in the hole today. Let’s just chill out. We got business to discuss.”
Chalmers quickly picked up Nick’s reasoning and told Chavez, “Yeah, that’s a good call. No need to be pissing on the welcome mat. Let’s just have a few words.”
Shrugging the whole thing off, Seth holstered his piece and told Chavez, “Your call, man. I’m down for whatever. You got some balls, though. I’ll say that much.”
Lilly chimed in, saying, “Unless there’s shootin’ goin’ on. He freezes up like a pussy when there’s shootin’.”
You shoulda seen his jaw drop. I’m pretty sure I snorted when she said it, and the others winced a bit. Seth and Nick broke out laughing, with Nick saying, “Is that so?”
Still snickering, Seth asked Lilly, “Where’d you learn to talk like that, kid… and where’d you learn to shoot like that, too?” He gestured to Kylee and told her, “Your daughter’s a rare breed, lady.”
Lilly snapped, “She’s not my mother. My parents are dead.”
Kylee looked like she’d been punched in the stomach. I’m not sure if it was because Lilly made it a point to deny her as her mother or if it was because she was reminded of the baby. Either way, I felt kinda bad for her.
Seth said, “Shit, man. Sorry. Look… your name is Lilly, right? I didn’t mean anything by it, Lilly. My parents are dead, too. I just thought since you two had the same haircut and since she’s old enough to… Know what? Never mind. Let’s talk about something else.”
Cutty agreed, saying, “Yeah, dat’s what I’m talkin’ ’bout. Le’s discuss Vegas.”
Seth nodded and got down to business. “Medicine. You all got any medicine? Or booze? Both of those go for big chips. If you had enough of either one of those, we could make something happen.”
Boyd hadn’t been around long enough to know anything about our inventory, so he remained quiet. As usual, he was idly staring off into the distance through his scope. Kylee, on the other hand, told them flatly, “No. We can’t spare any medicine, and getting shitfaced out here will get you killed, so no booze either.”
Seth and Nick frowned.
Lilly corrected her with, “I know about some medicine we don’t use.”
This raised eyebrows throughout the group. Don told the Vegas boys, “Can you excuse us a minute?”
Seth opened his arms with palms up as if to say, ‘Suit yourself.’
We all hopped up into the trailer, with Cutty inquiring of Lilly, “Whatchu talkin’ ’bout, Lil?”
She rummaged through our pile of bags and drug out Hook’s pack. She said, “We never use Hook’s medicine. He was the only one.”
I felt a devilish grin flash across my own face. Cutty said to no one in particular, “I’ll be damned…”
When she opened it, Don’s eyes bugged out. Boyd didn’t seem to care, though. Don said, “Drugs? You got drugs!”
Lilly looked at him, puzzled, and said, “Yeah. This was Hook’s medicine. It’s really stinky, but he always looked real happy after he took it. I guess it works, huh?”
Don said, “Hold up. Are we really suggesting a drug deal to get us in? You sure this is a good idea?”
Everyone shrugged. I wasn’t pressed one bit. Whatever works, right?
Kylee took the bag and said, “Fine. Let’s give it a try.”
Don immediately put a hand on her shoulder and protested with, “No. Not you. I’m not risking you if this thing goes badly. Drug deals have a tendency to turn into a mess. I think Cutty should do it.”
Cutty crossed his arms, but didn’t say anything as Kylee snapped, “First of all… I can handle it. I don’t need you protecting me all the time, Don.”
He balked at the accusation and reminded her, “If I hadn’t bugged you to wear a vest, you’d have been dead back there with Hook. You might be capable, but you’re careless sometimes… and hot headed.”
Kylee became infuriated. “You’re not my father! I did fine when I thought you were dead. And why Cutty, anyway? Why do you think Cutty should do this thing?”
Don tried to formulate the sentence, then lowered his voice, saying, “I don’t know. It’s a drug deal, and he’s… you know… black.”
Kylee looked utterly disgusted with him. I think we were all surprised to actually hear him say some shit like that. Cutty was cool, though. He told Don calmly, “I’m gon’ strongly suggest you rephrase.”
Boyd shifted his eyes from one side to the other before snatching up the bag from Kylee and stalking to the rear of the trailer. He tossed the bag at Seth’s feet. “Will th-th-this c-cover it?”
Seth and Nick looked down into the bag, then back to one another. Simultaneously they said, “Holy. Shit.”
Boyd looked over his shoulder at us and smiled, giving the thumbs-up as Seth and Nick both picked out some of the weed and started sniffing at it. Nick was like, “Um… yeah… yes… This’ll do nicely.”
As Nick tossed the bag into the now banged-up Caddy, Seth told us, “Follow us. We’ll be stopped at the checkpoint, and I’ll wave you through. Chavez, I think it’d be best if you don’t talk, at all—like, ever. Let us take the lead again once we’re past it, and then we’ll show you where to park that behemoth you’re drivin’.”
We nodded our agreement.
Nick called out to us, “One more thing. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. Remember that.”


Entry 137

I think we were all thankful that Chavez kept his mouth shut for the remainder of the ride into Vegas proper. The checkpoint was daunting on its own, and no one needed the stress of trying to smooth over anything he might’ve screwed up with his mouth.
Don was also uncharacteristically quiet. I don’t doubt he was seething over his argument with Kylee and that bullshit assumption he made about Cutty. No one said anything about it, and it was probably better that way. 
On the approach I noticed something that scared the shit outta me, but I didn’t mention it to anyone. There were footprints in the sand and not just a few. There were thousands! It looked as if a gigantic horde had passed through not too long ago. I didn’t care if everything looked under control or not. That many of the dead would pose a huge problem no matter where they were roaming, but for the moment I kept it to myself. 
There were bonfires on either side of the checkpoint, and the stop was manned by nearly forty men and women. The fires were stacked nearly eight feet high with corpses, and the smoke billowed in huge, thick clouds high into the sky above. It wasn’t hard to imagine that the bernies were keeping them busy. Food, namely us, must have been so hard to come by out there that the dead traveled in enormous herds. But the checkpoint was well armed, and the people hustling around looked capable enough.
We stopped as instructed and watched as Seth had words with one of the men running the show. He was also greeted warmly by a few others, with fistbumps from the men and smiling hugs from the women. Looked like Seth and Nick carried some weight around there. Good thing we hooked up with them.
We caught some sideways glances on the way through, but it was painless. They didn’t even speak to us, much less search through our stuff or anything. Within twenty minutes of the checkpoint, we finally saw it. 
Vegas lay in front of us, surrounded by enormous walls constructed of any materials that were available—anything from metal plates, wood, and vehicles, all the way to piles of dirt and stone. All were topped with rows of razor wire or sharpened pikes made from old fencing. Atop many of the pikes were severed heads, seemingly to act as a warning to the unauthorized. Trouble was that there’s no way to tell if those heads belonged to the dead or the recently living. Regardless, it didn’t feel very welcoming.
The enormous gate to the strip was fashioned with riveted steel, and instead of opening outward, it slid up using a system of chains and pulleys. As it rose, the infamous Las Vegas Strip revealed itself to us for the first time. It was… anticlimactic.
Trash littered the streets, and all manner of scavenger animals roamed freely, nosing through the garbage. Rats, feral dogs and cats, etc… mingled among the many denizens that were scattered around this bustling shithole. A few side streets remained unblocked, but most were impassable due to all sorts of debris.
Nick popped out of the Caddy and hollered up to Cutty to park it and stay put until he and Seth returned. He told us we’d be safe and, “If anyone fucks with you, tell them you’re with Gino’s boys. If a few of you wanna have a look around, that’s fine, but don’t go past the old Venetian joint. Everything up there belongs to the New Gotti Crew. They fuckin’ hate us, and newcomers aren’t really welcome. We’ll get into that later. Just stay here on the south side and make sure someone stays with the truck.”
They pulled away and headed further up the strip. I watched them stop about a quarter mile up the road, and it looked like they disappeared into an old hotel and casino. One thing struck me instantly as I glanced into the distance up ahead. While many of the lights and signs were busted out, there was power here—and a fuckin’ lot of it. As the sun began to fall on the horizon, the neon and bright whites began to flicker to life, and it actually resembled the old Las Vegas we once knew.
I told the others I wanted to have a look around then asked who was coming along. No one really jumped at the idea, save for Lilly. She told me, “I wanna come with you. I don’t wanna be in the truck anymore.”
Don raised a hand and said, “I’ll go.”
I nodded and looked around at the others for any last-minute mind-changers. That was it, though, just me, Don, and Lilly. We started down the street in silence.
Don spoke first, saying, “I wanted to thank you, Dext, for keeping Kylee safe and helping her find me. I haven’t really had the opportunity to say that yet.”
I shrugged him off. Shit, first of all… Kylee kept me safe more than the other way around. Second, it was already pretty damn awkward with Don as it was. I wanted to be with Kylee. It wasn’t even about the sex anymore. I mean, sure, I’d been attracted to her for ages, but I really loved her. And after that moment in the truck, I was pretty sure she felt the same way. I didn’t even know what to say to the dude. I told him it was all right and not to worry about it. That’s just how our group worked. We watched out for each other as much as possible. We did our best to keep each other alive, and that was it.
He wasn’t satisfied, though. He sighed heavily and told me, “Look… I’m not stupid. You two have been through a whole lot together, and… the baby… Jesus, Dext. I don’t even know how to process that, bro. You’ve been there for her through all of that shit, and there’s no way you two didn’t build something special there. I saw you in the truck, Dext. I saw her kiss you. Don’t think for a second I’m dumb enough to not realize there was something there.”
I could feel myself blushing. What the fuck could I say to the guy? ‘Oh, hey, Don… Glad you’re alive and all, but I want you to stop being married to your wife for me.’ I was pretty sure that would fail. I opened my mouth to speak, and nothing came out.
He continued, “If anything happens to me, I want you to still be there for her—be with her if that’s what both of you want. I’m all right with that, but… for now… just respect the fact that she is my wife. I’m asking you to not act on anything you might be feeling. I’m asking you man to man to respect it.”
I nodded my assent to the request and asked him, “What if she doesn’t feel the same way with regards to you? What if she moves on me first?”
His mouth twisted in such a way that I could tell the thought had already crossed his mind. As he began to answer me, Lilly shrieked.
The both of us swung around and were met with the face of a grimy, middle-aged man scowling at us angrily. He had snatched Lilly from behind and held a long knife to her throat. Lilly’s eyes were wide with fear, and she whimpered as he held his hand over her mouth to stifle any further shouts. “Gimme yer fuckin’ chips and anything else you got.”
Don and I held our hands up to show the man we weren’t a threat, and I told him, “We don’t have anything, man. We just got into town. Just chill out. We’re with Gino’s boys.”
The man sneered through a mouth full of rotting teeth and shot back, “Fuck Gino and Tony, that fat fuck! I want yer fuckin’ chips or I’ll slice this little bitch’s throat right now.”
He pressed the blade into her neck even harder, and a small flow of blood began to trickle from the blade. Don tried to reason with him as he turned his pockets out, saying, “Look! We don’t have anything. We don’t even know how to get chips yet! Please, this is just a misunderstanding. She’s a kid for Christ’s sake. Let her go.”
As always, it happened in the blink of an eye. The man said flatly, “Think I’m fuckin’ around?” and he tore the blade into Lilly’s face just below her left ear. She screamed through his hand as he slit her neck to underneath her chin. Don moved with trained precision and delivered a solid, open-handed chop across the man’s neck, stunning him immediately as Lilly fell to the ground, clutching her throat. I dropped to her side, pressing my hand to the wound in an effort to slow the bleeding. My hand was almost instantly warm and sticky with her blood. 
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom!
The street erupted in screams from a few bystanders as the shots rang out. I looked up to see Boyd approaching quickly with his pistol smoking. The assailant had fallen next to Lilly with no less than seven holes in his torso packed in a tight group.
I screamed at the top of my lungs, “Somebody fuckin’ help out!”
Boyd made his way to my side and helped apply first aid as Lilly began to slip in and out of consciousness from the loss of blood. He stammered, “F-fuck. Hurry up! She’s d-dying!”
Don dashed a little further up the road, calling for Seth and Nick as a crowd gathered around us. In seconds, Lilly had slipped into unconsciousness and Seth and Nick came running back with Don. Seth snapped, “Oh fuck, it’s the kid! Get her into the club. I already sent for the medic. What happened?”
I told him we were mugged, and I laid into him as a small group of guys picked Lilly up and ran her into a nearby building with Boyd and Don by her side. “We told him we were with you guys, and he still fuckin’ cut her! You said we’d be safe, man. What the hell?”
Seth looked at the dead man on the ground and scowled miserably. “Shit. That’s Clansen. They call him Dirtball. He’s a Goddamn Gotti. What the fuck is he doing all the way down here?”
Nick took a deep breath and exhaled heavily. “Those motherfuckers. If they want war, they can have war. You’re coming with us.”
I tried to fight it. I told them I wasn’t doing a damn thing until we sorted Lilly out. Seth wasn’t having any of that, though. He stepped up to me calmly and said, “Our medic is the best there is. We have everything we need here to fix her up. If she’s not dead already, she will be fine. Trust m—”
Boom!
The crowd gasped again as Nick put one more round through Dirtball’s head to make sure he didn’t get up again.
Nick holstered his piece and said, “Go with Seth. It’s not negotiable. I’ll go get your big guy. What’s his name? Cutty? We’ll be up in a few, and I’ll bring news about the little girl, but you gotta go see Gino right now. He’s gonna need to hear what happened from your mouth, not ours. Looks like I’ma need to postpone that hot date after all.”
Seth told Nick, “Not like you had a shot anyway. I got ten to one says you wouldn’t even make it to first base.”
Nick flipped Seth the finger before Seth told me, “Let’s go. Now.”
I followed him back to the casino they initially went into, and he got us past the door guard after a few kind words and a filthy joke—something about dead women and how they just lay there or some gross shit. 
The entire place stank of mildewed carpet and piss. It looked like any other casino would, except only the table games were active. All the slot machines, although powered, were devoid of any gamblers, and there were only one or two staff on the floor. It was a trashy mess.
Seth told me firmly, “Stay here. I’ll be back in about ten minutes to get you.” He passed me a handful of black-and-white casino chips and added, “Feel free to play a game or two in the meantime, and don’t worry about the kid. I’m sure she’ll be all right.”
I don’t feel like playing anything. I don’t feel like waiting. My stomach feels gross, and I’m worried sick about Lilly—the others, too. And Seth’s grasp of time continues to fail miserably, as it’s already been nearly thirty minutes and he still hasn’t returned. I’m beginning to hate this place already. 


Entry 138

Gino.
Gino’s hard to explain. He was a slick kind of dude—the kind of guy who still wore a gold pinkie ring in this day and age, the kind of guy that wore sunglasses indoors, the kind of guy that wore dark, pinstriped suits with pink shirts and butterfly collars. He looked like a fuckin’ scumbag porno actor from the late eighties, Ron Jeremy style. But he was clever. He was smart. He was a survivor and a hustler. And I liked him.
Fat Tony, on the other hand, was just that—a slovenly, obese man in his mid-forties. He smelled like B.O. and sour-ass crack. He had a short fuse and a hot temper. Seth told me Fat Tony once killed a man with an open-hand slap, and I had no reason to doubt its validity. Seth was crazy and couldn’t tell time for shit, but he wasn’t a liar. He had no reason to lie about something like that.
The meeting room was in the back of the old casino in an office behind the “bank,” as Gino called it. The ‘bank’ was really just the counter where people would trade money for chips and vice versa. Regardless, it was locked up tighter than a nuclear submarine.
Gino offered me a seat when I entered the room with Seth, but I declined only somewhat politely. Fat Tony didn’t like my answer and told me, “Gino says to have a seat. Siddown.”
A quick look around the room was all it took for me to reconsider. I didn’t gamble, but I knew the odds were stacked against me should I decide to be an asshole. I sat in the torn, plush chair I was offered across from the giant desk Gino was occupying as Seth and Fat Tony flanked him on either side.
Seth sat on the edge of the desk, and Gino snapped at him in his Italian-American accent, “Ay! How many times I gotta tell yous guys? Off the desk!”
Seth popped up and crossed his arms, blushing slightly.
Gino addressed me directly, saying, “Seth and Nicky-Boy tell me yous ran into some problems on tha strip. They also tell me you and your people ain’t exactly from around here. So… what’s your story, kid?”
I left out some crucial details. Granted, probably not the best idea, but I also didn’t think it was a great idea to go spouting off about Don and Kylee. If these guys weren’t genuine that’s just the kind of leverage that would put us deeper in the shit. I simply told him that a few of us were ex-military, that we were trying to make our way to Fort Bragg over on the coast, and that I wasn’t in the mood to talk about much more until I heard word of Lilly’s condition.
Gino clasped his hands under his chin. He never took his eyes off mine as he told Seth, “Go get Nicky-Boy and find out how the little girl’s doin’. And move your ass this time. Just go get Nicky and nothin’ else. Are we clear?” Then he told me, “Last time I sent him out on an errand, it took him all day. He came back drunk, smellin’ like a French whore, missin’ a shoe. It’s hard to find good help these days, eh?” He chuckled heartily and added, “I’m hopin’ that’s about to change.”
Seth winked at me and dashed off to the outside. Gino told Fat Tony, “Give us a minute,” and gestured for him to leave with Seth. Tony didn’t budge and eyed me suspiciously, but Gino said encouragingly, “I wanna have a word wit’ the kid, just me and him. You ain’t gonna cause no trouble, right, kid?”
It musta been a rhetorical question because Tony slowly moved out of the room before I could answer, taking his stink with him.
Gino stood up and walked over to a small wet bar in the corner, where he poured two glasses of Scotch from a bottle. He moved to the front of the desk with both glasses in tow and leaned against it, offering me one, which I accepted. He raised his glass casually and said, “Salud,” before tossing the entire thing back in one gulp.
I attempted the same, but choked slightly. I fuckin’ hated Scotch. Gino chuckled and joked, “Good shit, eh?”
I offered an awkward nod of agreement.
Gino asked me, “You don’t play poker, do ya, kid?”
I shook my head.
He smiled genuinely, setting his glass on the desk, and told me, “Yeah, well, I would hope not. You’re a shitty liar.”
I felt myself swallow hard. Shit…
He was cool, though. He told me straight up, “Look. I don’t give a fat rat’s ass what brought you here, though I suspect Seth had somethin’ to do wit’ it. Everybody’s got secrets these days. We all got demons, kid. But, you’re here now, and it seems our… fates… are somehow intermingled. That’s a fancy way of sayin’ you and I got business to tend to.”
I asked him, “What sort of ‘business’?”
He didn’t get a chance to answer, though, because the door swung open behind me. Nick and Seth rushed in with Cutty behind them, and Gino lost his shit. “How many times I gotta tell yous pricks to knock. You fuckin’ knock! Jesus, Mary, and Joseph… when are you two gonna learn?”
Nick said, “Sorry, Gino. Seth said you wanted us to hurry up.”
I stood up and raised my hands to shut everybody up and asked Nick directly, “How is she?”
Nick smiled proudly and said, “Ask her yourself…”
Lilly emerged from the outside looking somewhat pale and with a ghastly line of black stitches across her jaw, down to her neck. I carefully knelt down and hugged her and asked her how she was feeling.
Nick answered for her, saying, “The medic says she’s fine. She wasn’t cut that deeply, and he seems to think she fainted instead of falling out from losing blood. She didn’t need a transfusion or anything, just a shit-ton of stitches. We’ll need to keep an eye on it for infection, obviously.”
Cutty interjected, “We ain’t gon’ do shit. Y’all niggas gon’ leave Lilly to us—period.” He passed me my pistol and told me, “Kylee wants you to know she gon’ bus’ yo’ ass next time she see you. And don’t think I ain’t got some shit ta say about this, neitha. Walkin’ around unarmed was fuckin’ stupid, nigga… and you oughtta know betta.”
What was I gonna say? He was right, and I fucked up. Not only did I fuck up, I almost cost Lilly her life. This wasn’t just anybody. It was Lilly. I just sat there, feeling stupid.
Cutty added, “Don is back at the truck with the others. Boyd saved y’all asses. I think you gon’ need to have words with him when you get a chance.”
I nodded and made a mental note of that.
Seth stepped up and told us all, “Look… I wanna apologize. The NGC has never moved on our territory before. We had no reason to expect an attack already.”
Gino took a minute to explain, “The New Gotti Crew usually stays up north, but recently we been beefin’ wit’ ’em. The only thing I can figure is that they’re runnin’ outta food and gettin’ desperate. It didn’t help that Romeo over there,” he said, gesturing to Nick, “has been bangin’ the daughter of one of their capos. Givin’ her the ol’ brajole like every night, this guy. The other day, they sent this guy named Clansen this way for a sit-down—”
I asked if that was the same Clansen they called Dirtball… the one that cut Lilly up.
He shook his head and said, “Nope. I’m gettin’ to that. See, the guy comes over for a sit-down, and he ain’t stupid. He sees how we’re livin’ down here. Look around. Think. Dogs and cats in the streets means we’re eatin’ good. These hotel kitchens were packed to the gills with stuff that don’t go bad. Up on the north side, though, dogs and cats are on the fuckin’ menu. So, this Clansen asshole gets a little too big for his britches and starts spoutin’ off, makin’ threats, and such about us holdin’ out on him.”
Cutty asked, “What’s that got to do with us?”
Gino told him, “I thought you’d never ask… Seth and Nicky-Boy here are good at takin’ out the trash, so to speak. They drove Clansen out to the desert and handled business.”
Well, that explained the blood on the trunk and the dent in the Caddy. Seth and Nick had to be like hit men or some shit for Gino’s boys.
Gino continued, “I guess ol’ Dirtball caught a case of the ass when his li’l brother didn’t come back and paid us a visit. Problem is… your people killed him, too. Now the NGC is down two capos. They ain’t gonna let that shit slide. War is comin’, and we need to get ready for that shit. These guys are fuckin’ savages.”
Lilly chambered a round in her pistol and tucked it into her holster. It hung on her side, larger than life. She looked rough with her shaved head and her new stitches.
Gino took notice and said, “Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, kid. Shouldn’t you be playin’ with Barbies or totin’ around a teddy bear or somethin’?”
Lilly scowled at him and started to tell a story. “I had a stuffed dinosaur once. Some people took it from me.”
Gino knelt to speak to her face to face, saying, “That’s a shame, kid. I’m sorry that happened to you.”
Lilly shrugged and informed him matter-of-factly, “I’m not sorry. We killed them and took it back. And if you try and hurt my friends, I’ll kill you, too.”
Gino stood tall and spread his arms in mock surrender, exclaiming, “Oooooh, this kid! This fauckin’ kid! I love it! You got balls like a rhino, little girl.”
Lilly stood firm—expressionless. 
Gino’s face sobered visibly as he came to the realization that Lilly was indeed not playing around. He told us all, “Look. The NGC ain’t gonna move on us for a few days at least. I’m nothin’ if not a gracious host, so I’ll have Seth and Nicky-Boy show you to your rooms, your whole crew. Get cleaned up. Get some sleep. Talk amongst your little group, and we’ll see if we can’t come to some sort of an arrangement in the morning, capiche?” 
I’ve been hiding from Kylee for over an hour now in my room. It’s nice, though. I’ll explain the rest tomorrow, but right now I’m gonna have a shower and get some sleep in a real bed. Lilly’s gonna be okay. No bernies in sight. Gotta enjoy the little things.


Entry 139

Shoulda known I wouldn’t be able to escape Kylee’s wrath for long. I didn’t expect it from the others, though. My teeth clicked at the butt-crack of dawn, and I rolled over in my bed rubbing my head in an effort to make the stinging stop.
Through crusty eyes and the terrible stink of morning breath and sleep farts that hung in the room, I was able to make out the blurry forms of Kylee, Cutty, Boyd, Seth, and Nick. No clue where the others were, but this group was clean, well dressed, and ready to take on the day.
Kylee snapped, “Get up.”
I sat up and tried hard to get my shit together. I’d never been a morning person, and sleeping in a proper bed (not that dorm-room crap at the facility) made me want to lay there for the whole day. I prepared myself for the inevitable onslaught.
Kylee unloaded on me, growling, “Did you see that little girl? Did you see what you two idiots did?”
I tried to calm her down so I could explain, but I should have known better. It only pissed her off more. I also made the mistake of saying, “But, but… Seth and Nick said we’d be safe—”
She pointed at Seth and Nick, cutting me off with, “First of all! I don’t give a shit what these two said! You and Don both oughtta know better. You’re in a strange place, with strange people, and you decide to walk around with no protection. Fucking idiots! All of you! Now, that little girl almost lost her life yet again. And you know what else, Dext? She’s gonna have that scar as a constant reminder of the day you fucked up—the day you let her get hurt.”
Her voice dripped with venom.
Cutty added, “Baby girl ain’t talkin’ much. When she do be talkin’, she on some new shit, like she don’t care no mo’—like she wanna watch the world burn, nigga. I don’t know how we gon’ fix it this time. You know you ma Shouldah Nigga. Dat’s why we gon’ leave it at dat.”
Seth and Nick weren’t their usual selves. They didn’t crack a joke or bust balls or anything. Looking back on it, that’s what really clued me in on the weight of the situation. Isn’t that weird? The behavior of two guys we barely know already spoke volumes.
Nick told me, “Kylee and Cutty told us everything…”
I wasn’t sure what he meant exactly, but I knew it wasn’t gonna be good.
He continued, “Don, the doctor, the vaccine, this colonel asshole, this Thigpen guy, and Kilo… all of it. Shit, man, you guys might be the ones to really fix it.”
Seth picked up with, “There’s one major problem with all of this, though. Forget the NGC for a minute and think back to when you guys passed the checkpoint on the way in…” He looked directly at me. “I know you saw the footprints in the sand.”
I nodded and told him, “So many of the dead.”
Seth shook his head. “No. They weren’t from jerks. That was military passing through—army. They told us all that they were heading back to regroup, resupply, and replan everything. Told us to stay put and hold it down here since we were in decent shape. And guess where they were heading?”
I already knew the answer. They were heading for Fort Bragg. That meant that Fort Bragg was going to be flush with the colonel’s men—bad, bad, bad sauce.
I got up and started getting dressed as Nick explained further, “Gino’s got something up his sleeve. He says we got ‘common interests.’ Up north there’s an air force base—Nellis. Place was deserted after a massive group of jerks pushed through and the forces there were decimated. What was left of them retreated to God-knows-where. It’s got power, though, just like us. Hoover Dam still keeps us going. How long that will last is up for debate. Regardless, their communications systems are likely still running. I think you can make contact from there.”
Kylee put her hand on her hip and asked, “Contact with whom exactly?”
Seth scoffed impatiently at us for not putting two and two together. “Whoever you want! If you can figure out how to operate that shit, you can hit up your boy at the facility… the old guy, Murphy or whatever, or that Thigpen dude. Shit, if you wanted to, you could probably get the colonel himself on the horn.”
Cutty rubbed his chin thoughtfully before saying, “Dat sound a’ight. Wha’s da catch. Gotta be a catch…”
Nick rubbed his head nervously and answered with, “Gotta pass right through NGC territory to get to it, and they may have even taken the base for themselves.”
Well, shit.
Boyd finally spoke, asking, “So… we g-gotta pass through hostile t-t-territory, d-dodge hoards of d-dead people, possibly c-clear out an air force b-base, and hope we can g-get an old r-r-radio working? Then we g-gotta pray that s-someone is on the other s-side?”
Nick and Seth looked at each other, grinning at their own ridiculous plan, before simultaneously saying, “Pretty much.”
An unseen voice chimed in from the door behind us with obvious sarcasm. “And we gotta do it all while keeping a damaged little girl and the two hopes for humanity alive in the process. Do you hear how stupid you sound?”
Chavez stood in the doorway with his arms crossed, leaning against the jamb. “That sounds like one huge motherfucking catch to me, folks.”
Seth lit a cigarette and offered me one, which I accepted graciously. I sat on the side of the bed and took a long drag, blowing the smoke into the air above. I remember rubbing my temples in a feeble attempt to process all of it. As much as I hated Chavez, he was right. I asked Seth and Nick what Gino stood to gain through all this. 
“Simple,” Seth said flatly. “He wants the NGC gone—exterminated.”
Cutty finished the thought for him, saying, “So, we not exactly passin’ through. We goin’ in lookin’ to make a mess of some people?”
Nick corrected him with, “Not people. The NGC aren’t people. They’re a plague, like the dead. They don’t know how to survive on their own. They don’t build or provide for themselves. They take, and they take by killing whoever has what they want.” He glanced at Kylee for a brief moment before adding, “Except for the women. They almost always keep the women alive. I’ll leave the rest up to your imagination.”
Chavez attacked Nick, saying, “And all that didn’t stop you from fucking one of their girls, right? I smell bullshit. You better start makin’ some sense or I’m—”
Nick shot a look over his shoulder to Chavez and interrupted calmly with, “Ssssshhhh… Grown-ups are talking.”
Seth snickered.
I was shocked when Chavez rushed Nick and slammed into him. He tackled Nick into the nightstand next to the bed, shattering the lamp in the process. Nick took it like a champ and scrambled back to his feet to square up. It didn’t really matter, though, because Seth threw a nasty right cross, hitting Chavez squarely on the corner of his jaw. Chavez hunched over at the waist, but kept his feet.
It was chaos as Nick, now back up and balanced, dropped an elbow on Chavez, right to the back of his neck, which finally brought him down. They fucked him up. Kicks to the ribs from both Seth and Nick kept Chavez down and in check before Nick finally sat atop him. He pummeled Chavez repeatedly until Boyd and I were able to drag him off. Kylee managed to back Seth up by cheaply pushing him into the bed, where he lost his feet and tumbled across to the other side. He popped up and held out his hands like, ‘Ta-da!’
Cutty offered a hand to Chavez, but he batted it away and said angrily through bloody teeth, “Fuck this…” He left without another word, limping out and holding his side.
There was a long bit of awkward silence before Nick asked, “What’s with that fuckin’ guy, man?”
Seth joked, “You owe me twenty chips for that shit, faggot.”
Nick reached into his pocket and produced a single black-and-white chip. He flipped it end over end with his thumb to Seth, who caught it easily, and said, “I didn’t ask for help, but here’s a tip for your effort. You still punch like a girl, though. If I’d have hit him like that, he prolly woulda been snorin’ right now.” He gave Seth a smart-assed wink.
Seth smirked and quipped, “Fair enough. Next time I’ll let him kick your ass.”
Kylee told them both firmly, “Cut the shit. He’ll get over it. He needed that anyway. Let’s get back to business.”
They both nodded, with Nick asking, “So, you in or what?”
Kylee sucked her teeth thoughtfully before answering them with, “If there’s a chance to get my old man talking, I have to take it. Maybe I can talk some sense into him, Murphy, too. I’d like to hear if Kilo made it to them all right and how they’re doing with the work—not to mention poor Alyse. She deserves to know about her brother. I’m in, but Lilly is out. So is Don. They’re staying back. That leaves everyone you see here, assuming Boyd is going along, plus Chalmers.”
Seth replied, “Excellent. Fat Tony said if you were agreeable, he’d pull a bunch of people off the checkpoint for a few days to pull this thing off. It’s not like we’re all going in alone. We’re rollin’ deep. You guys get what you need, and Gino takes over the NGC territories—win-win.”
We agreed to reconvene around noon for a gear check, a head count, and a briefing. Gino and Fat Tony will spill everything they know about the NGC’s positions and capabilities. More importantly, Nick offered to meet up with his NGC girl this morning, and he thinks he can manipulate her into giving up even more sensitive info on their setup. Seth couldn’t help pointing out that Nick may not pull it off, though, because he tends to think with the wrong head when she’s around. 
We’ll see.


Entry 140

The crowd assembled on the street, loudly and disorderly, until Gino raised his hands in the air to signify we were ready to begin. The rowdy bunch from the checkpoint still maintained a low murmur, but Fat Tony put an end to it, shouting, “All right, that’s enough! The next person interrupts Gino deals wit’ me, capiche?”
Silence.
Our crew stood together, minus Chavez. I assumed he was sitting in D-Prime, pouting over his ass beating. Whatever, though. He’d been warned more times than I could count about both his attitude and his mouth. It was my hope that he’d learned his lesson this time, but that couldn’t have been farther from the truth. 
We looked from person to person, sizing up our little army. They were ready to go and well equipped. Almost everyone had what I liked to call the “Trinity” with regards to their weapons. The Trinity was simple: a rifle or long gun of some sort for ranged fire, a pistol or shotgun for close-quarters gunfighting, and a melee weapon in case they ran out of ammo or had to stay quiet and bash some heads. 
Many wore makeshift body armor, which lent a sort of Bad News Bears feel to our regiment—everything from baseball catcher’s gear, hockey and lacrosse equipment, football shoulder pads and shit, all the way to one guy wearing chain mail, probably stolen from some museum somewhere. Gino’s crew wasn’t fuckin’ around. They may not have looked like a professional fighting force, but they’d been at this since the beginning.
Seth whispered to me, “This is a good group—the best there is. Most of them have been here since we took over the South Strip. Of course, there were almost twice as many of us back then.”
Nick nodded as he seemed to remember the early days. He looked from face to face in the crowd, squinting his eyes slightly in the morning sun. “We cleared every one of these buildings, one by one. We drug out the dead, and the friends we lost in the process, with our bare hands—lined the streets with them. It was bad, man. Took us almost two weeks to clean everything up and to burn all the corpses, and that was working around the clock.”
Cutty whispered, “You don’t bury yo’ friends?”
Seth and Nick looked at Cutty, confused. They said simultaneously, “No,” with Nick adding, “We burn everything. Why?”
Cutty told them both, “Respect. Bury yo’ friends, and burn da rest. Dat’s da way we do it. Helps us remember ones we care about. Trust ol’ Cutty… Once you dig dat grave and lay dem on in there, you feel… closure.”
Nick and Seth stared at him blankly for a moment, but their features softened slightly. I think they understood. Whether or not they agreed was another matter altogether, but at least they understood.
Gino addressed the crowd loudly enough to be heard by everyone. “A’ight, so you know we been dealin’ wit’ these NGC fucks for too long. Last night, one of these assholes had the nerve to step into our territory and brutally assault a little girl—a little girl that I happen to have taken a likin’ to. We have one rule around here that stands above all else, a common-fuckin’-sense kinda rule. You can beef wit’ whoever you want. You can handle your business, once approved by me or Tony, in any way you see fit, but… no women and no kids. They’re untouchable. All of you have heard this before. We protect our women and children above all else. Am I right?”
The crowd had gasped at his revelation of Lilly’s assault, but cheered wildly in agreement with Gino’s sentiments regarding women and children.
He gestured to Lilly to step forward, and she complied without hesitation. Gino continued, “I want you all to see somethin’.”
He hoisted Lilly up and very gently tilted her head back to reveal her forty-plus stitches to the crowd. The anger roiled through the ranks of the nearly fifty people gathered. “You see this? This is the type of scumbags we’re dealin’ with here! You gonna stand for this in our territory? On our land?”
The crowd erupted into a frenzy with weapons raised to the sky and protested, “Noooo!”
Gino wrapped up his speech, saying, “Today, you’re gonna go up there and meet ’em head-on. Face to face, you’re gonna smash them in the fuckin’ mout’. Kill ’em all! So that you, me, and innocent kids like little Lilly here can trust that it’s safe here in our Las Vegas!”
Once more, the crowd erupted in cheers.
After Gino’s little motivational speech, he gently passed Lilly back into Kylee’s arms and faded into the background. Fat Tony stepped up and laid out the plan. I’ll spare you the details and simply say that we were told which hotels on the North Strip were their main ones, and we reviewed some of the sniper’s-nest positions. Nick smirked proudly as Fat Tony credited him with finding out where the leadership hung out most of the time. He suggested we might focus our efforts on reaching the fountains after clearing the sniper’s nests.
All this really means nothing now that the fight is over and I can tell you that shit didn’t go anything like we had planned it on the street this morning. I’ll also cut the crap and tell you that every single one of the people we stood with on the street this morning is dead—every single one.
Don fought with Kylee vehemently about splitting up the group. He completely refused to accept the idea of Kylee going and him staying with Lilly. His argument was a good one, too. He agreed that he shouldn’t go in the interest of the big picture, what with the possibility of a cure and such, and he agreed that Lilly needed to be kept out of harm’s way if at all possible. What he didn’t agree with was Kylee going. He felt she was just as important to the cure effort as he was. I suppose he was right about that, but Kylee begged him to understand that if there was a chance for contact with the colonel, she should be there to do the talking. It went on for some time and got heated, but in the end he caved.
We took only two vehicles, D-Prime and the Caddy. The rest marched. Like a fake-ass, Braveheart knock-off, the South Vegas Fifty, as they’ll be remembered, walked ahead of the vehicles. Boyd, Kylee, and I sat atop D-Prime’s trailer, with Cutty in the driver’s seat and Chalmers in the passenger spot. Seth and Nick were behind us in the Caddy, as expected.
The North Strip was eerily quiet, and as we approached the first suspected sniper’s nest. Kylee and Boyd watched the buildings closely for any signs of movement.
Nothing.
Boyd whispered to us, “S-s-something ain’t right. I c-can f-feel it.”
Kylee nodded her head, agreeing, but told him to shush and keep his eyes open.
The first bomb exploded as the South Vegas Fifty made the approach to the first set of targeted buildings. The blast sent nearly ten men into the air in a bloody spray of limbs and gear as the shockwave toppled another ten to fifteen. I could feel the heat of it rush over me, even on top of the truck. We stopped the vehicles immediately.
NGC men poured from the hotel up ahead of us, shooting wildly as a second blast tore through what was left of the South Vegas Fifty. Screams of agony and fear filled the air as the NGC advanced and a firefight erupted. Bullets whizzed past everyone, plinking into the vehicles and taking chunks of concrete and asphalt from the street and the surrounding structures. I returned fire into the crowd along with Kylee and Boyd, but lost my footing when Cutty threw D-Prime in reverse. Bullets crashed into the windshield and shattered the side-view mirrors, leaving Cutty to drive blindly. I heard the Caddy crunching under the weight of D-Prime behind us as Seth and Nick bailed out, shooting. They disappeared to take cover in a small alleyway.
Bodies dropped, and heads snapped back from gunfire in the melee ahead of us as the South Vegas remainder fought for their lives. Kylee released an empty mag and began reloading, shouting, “That motherfucker… I saw him.”
Boyd replied without his stutter, “I saw him, too. What now?”
She said flatly, “He dies.”
Cutty floored it, and we retreated in reverse a few blocks south before he whipped the wheel around and neatly backed the truck onto a side street. The walls on either side of us drowned out some of the noise from up ahead. I asked Kylee, “You saw who?”
She click-clacked her weapon to chamber a round and said, “Chavez. He sold us out.”
That fucking snitch! He must’ve left after the fight and went to the NGC. As fucked up as that was, I still couldn’t see us winning this thing at that point—that is, until Nick came running into the alley alone. He shouted up to us, “Seth’s got the Caddy, and he’s coming down. We have to regroup and finish this shit.”
He was barely through the sentence when Seth fish-tailed Caddy, now nearly trashed, into the side street across from D-Prime. It squeaked and scraped from its damage and came to a smoking halt. He popped out and ran across the strip to us in a half crouch. The silly bastard was smiling.
He told us, “That’s one way to get the blood pumpin’! Any ideas?”
Cutty called out from D-Prime, “Yeah, le’s get da fuck outta hurr. We got beat, nigga. It is what it is.”
Nick snapped, “Fuck that! If we give up now, the South Strip is dead… along with Lilly, Don, and everyone else back there. The NGC will just squeeze down on us until there’s nothing left. We gotta do this or die trying. Think about your little girl.”
Goddammit.
Chalmers chimed in and said, “We need to think about this from a tactical standpoint. We’re outnumbered, outgunned, and they got the drop on us. Retreat and regroup is the best option here. I don’t have a ton of combat experience, but I’ve always known a losing fight when I see one.”
Boyd suggested, “How ab-b-bout a t-trap?”
An evil smirk crept across Nick’s face, and he snapped his fingers, saying, “Yes! Fish in a barrel!”
Kylee pressed her back to the wall and snuck to the corner of the strip. Slowly, she peeked around the corner and put her good eye to her scope to check out the situation. She called over her shoulder, “We got about five minutes. They’re clearing out the ones that turned. There’s bernies all over the streets. They’re executing them all, along with the injured.”
Nick laid out his plan. We listened carefully to his suggestion, and after a few minor adjustments, we were ready to do this thing, for better or worse.
Cutty stayed with D-Prime and kept the engine hot while Chalmers, Boyd, Kylee, and I kicked in the door to a shitty buffet restaurant and carefully cleared our way to the second floor. We smashed out the glass to the windows facing the street, and then we waited.
Seth and Nick hopped back into the trashed Caddy and fired up the motor. It choked and sputtered a huge cloud of white smoke as they sped out of the side street and headed back to the NGC mess. We watched them from our elevated position as they broke out the windows of the car from within and spun a 180 in front of the NGC. They fired a shitload of rounds, dropping a few of them while screaming, “Come on, you pussies! You ain’t shit!”
Seth floored it and came flying back down towards us with the entire NGC running and shooting at them in pursuit. As they flooded the streets below, passing Cutty and D-Prime, one of the NGC got lucky and hit the Caddy just right. The back tire blew out, sending Nick and Seth into a tailspin, eventually flipping the car onto its side. The air filled with more white smoke that clogged visibility on the street level.
Cutty lurched the truck forward across the strip and blocked off the street, cutting off their escape and leaving the NGC army trapped between the wreckage of the Caddy and the trailer. He was smart enough to pull the cab of the truck just inside the cover of the buildings on the opposite side to shield himself from our fire. I managed to catch a glimpse of Seth and Nick scrambling through the broken windshield of the Caddy and taking cover to shoot behind the car as we unloaded from above.
Our bullets rained down on the NGC like fire from the sky, dropping them one after another. It was a slaughter. Blood filled the streets, and the desperate members of the NGC scrambled for cover that just wasn’t there. Some of them began to crawl underneath the trailer to hide or make an escape, but Cutty took care of that easily enough.
He bucked D-Prime into gear and backed over the would-be escapees, crushing them violently underneath the huge wheels. Screams turned into crunching gurgles as they lay dying beneath him.
When the smoke cleared Seth, Nick, and Cutty began walking the carnage to finish what was left. Seth popped a few rounds from his handgun into the skulls of the newly turning dead as they rose to their feet, leaving Cutty and Nick to hack into the others with their blades. They handled the task with a cold normality.
We filed into the street from our position inside the building to join them as the noise faded into a haunting silence. “Leave him,” Kylee snapped.
Nick sheathed his blade and stepped back from the bloody mess that used to be Chavez. He lay there on the ground sputtering black blood from his mouth with no less than four holes in his abdomen.
Kylee approached him with Chalmers by her side and came to a halt directly overtop him. Crouching beside him, Chalmers grabbed Chavez by his hair and lifted his head from the ground. “Look at what you did! Look at it!”
Chavez lulled his head about, surveying the carnage, and told Chalmers with his dying breath, “I got the blood of a single street on my hands, but you got the entire world to be sorry for, Chalmers. See you in hell…”
Chalmers’ face paled at the statement, and he fell to his knees, reflecting on it. He jumped sharply as Boyd’s pistol discharged and put an end to Chavez.
In the quiet evening, the dimming sunlight cast a peaceful, orange hue upon everything. The coppery stink of coagulating blood filled my nose, and the low growl of a few straggling crawlers played in the air. 
We’ll sleep here tonight in the restaurant. Forget Nellis. Forget the radio. We’re returning to the South Strip in the morning with the bad news. The NGC may be extinct, but at what cost? The South Strip lost the majority of its security force today due to the cowardly actions of one man… if you want to call him that.
And Gino’s gonna be pissed.


About the Author:

Steve Kuhn is a former professional musician turned writer. Raised in Baltimore, Maryland and with a deep seeded passion for horror, he brings a refreshingly raw and witty style to his work. He has been featured in countless online publications as a critical reviewer and has spent the last three years crafting the epic zombie series, Dext of the Dead.


Also Available from 
Books of the Dead Press:

Steve Kuhn - We Are The Plague: Dext of the Dead, Book 1
Dext is a regular man in an irregular situation. The undead plague has decimated the population, but pockets of survivors still remain. A battered military search for survivors while scientists work frantically to control the spread. The clock is ticking… if he can keep running.

Steve Kuhn - We Are The Infected: Dext of the Dead, Book 2
Dext and his crew are reeling from the losses incurred during their stay at The Haven and are on the run. A military unit known as Kilo Company appears to be the group’s best bet for survival, but they are miles ahead and the gap is widening. Everything is not what it seems.

Steve Kuhn - We Are The Entombed: Dext of the Dead, Book 3
The dead have permeated every square inch of the country, leaving the survivors desperate for commodities. Roving bands of raiders and small, independent communities pose serious threats to one another, much like the increasing numbers of ravenous, shambling corpses. 

Steve Kuhn - We Are The Extinction: Dext of the Dead, Book 4
Tensions mount for Dext and his crew as they travel west in search of the elusive military unit known as Kilo Company. Characters, both good and evil, affect the course of events. Threats wait around every corner. A truth has been revealed: mankind is more monstrous than the living dead.

Steve Kuhn - We Are The End: Dext of the Dead, Book 5
The battle for Vegas is done, but not without heavy casualties and broken loyalties. Dishonesty within the group and mental instability weakens the bonds of family, making them vulnerable. One member will break an unspoken rule and thrust the entire group to the brink of self-destruction. 

Duncan McGeary - Death of an Immortal: Vampire Evolution Trilogy 1
The most powerful and feared vampire disappeared at the height of his powers and passed into legend. Most vampires think he’s dead. He is not dead. 

Duncan McGeary - Rule of Vampire: Vampire Evolution Trilogy 2
Jamie is on the run. Nobody taught her how to be a vampire; no one told her the Rules of Vampire. How was she supposed to know her limits? Now the vampire hunters want her dead.

Duncan McGeary - Blood of Gold: Vampire Evolution Trilogy 3
Terrill was the most ruthless vampire, but he evolved into a Golden Vampire, renouncing violence. He didn’t know that the evolution was directed by forces bigger than himself.

Justin Robinson - Undead On Arrival
Glen Novak is a dead man. Unfortunately for the scumbag who killed him, Novak will keep on cracking skulls until he finds the piece of trash that set him up, or is turned into a walking sack of rotten meat. 

Duncan McGeary - Led to the Slaughter
Trapped in the Sierra Nevada without food, The Donner Party are led to the slaughter. After being manipulated into a string of bad decisions, the travelers, frozen and abandoned, are preyed upon by werewolves in their midst––the very people they thought were friends. 

TS Alan - The Romero Strain
A group of New Yorkers is chased into the city’s underground by a zombie horde. Along their subterranean journey, they gather survivors while traveling to Grand Central Terminal, where they believe help will be found. 

John F.D. Taff – Kill/Off
When David Benning is blackmailed by a shadowy organization known only as The Group, he’s thrust into a world of guns, payoffs, and killing unknown, seemingly ordinary people. As he becomes more enmeshed, he begins to grasp The Group’s true motives.

J.C. Michael - Discoredia
As the year draws to a close, a mysterious stranger makes a proposition to club owner. It’s a deal involving a drug called Pandemonium. The good news: the drug is free. The bad news: it comes with a heavy price. Euphoria and ecstasy. Death and depravity. All come together at Discoredia.

James Roy Daley – Authors & Publishers Must Die!
No punches are pulled in this nonfiction title, which is filled to the rim with straightforward, practical advice for writers while exploring what it’s like to be on the other side of the desk. A must read for every author.

Weston Kincade – A Life of Death 1 - 4
Homicide detective Alex Drummond is confronted with the past through his son’s innocent question. Alex’s tale of his troubled senior year unfolds revealing loss, drunken abuse, and mysterious visions of murder and demonic children.

Weston Kincade – A Life of Death 5 - 8
Alcohol claims another life close to home. Alex and Paige set out to discover the truth, but who would believe a troubled teenager who claims to have visions?

Weston Kincade – A Life of Death 9 - 12
Struggling to hold onto his suspicions of Irene Harris, Alex heads to the DC Metropolitan Police Department. There, his suspicions are finally put to rest, and Alex is forced to start his search again. 

Julie Hutchings - Running Home
Death hovers around Ellie Morgan like the friend nobody wants. She doesn’t belong in snow-swept Ossipee, at a black tie party––but that is where she is, and where he is: Nicholas French, the man who mystifies her with the impossible knowledge of her troubled soul.

John F.D. Taff – The Bell Witch
A historical horror novel/ghost story based on what is perhaps the most well-documented poltergeist case to occur in the United States. The Bell Witch is, at once, a historical novel, a ghost story, a horror story, and a love story all rolled into one.

Justin Robinson - Everyman
Ian Covey is a doppelganger. A mimic. A shapeshifter. He can replace anyone he wants by becoming a perfect copy; taking the victim’s face, his home, his family. His life. No longer a man but a hungry void, Ian Covey is a monster. Virtue has a veil, a mask, and evil has a thousand faces.

Mark Matthews - On the Lips of Children
A family man named Macon plans to run a marathon, but falls prey to people who dwell in an underground drug-smuggling tunnel. They raise their twin children in a way he couldn't imagine: skinning victims for food and money. And Macon and his family are next.

Bracken MacLeod - Mountain Home
Lyn works at an isolated roadside diner, where a retired combat veteran stages an assault. Surviving the sniper’s bullets is only the beginning. She establishes herself as the disputed leader of a diverse group that is at odds with the situation. Will she––or anyone else––survive the attack?

Gary Brandner - The Howling
Karyn and her husband Roy had come to the peaceful California village of Drago to escape the savagery of the city. But the village had a most unsavory history. Unexplained disappearances, sudden deaths. People just vanished, never to be found.

Gary Brandner - The Howling II
For Karyn, it was the howling that heralded the nightmare in Drago… the nightmare that had joined her husband Roy to the she-wolf Marcia, and should have ended forever with the fire. But it hadn’t. Roy and Marcia were still alive, and deadly… and thirsty for vengeance. 

Gary Brandner - The Howling III
They are man. And they are beast. They stalk the night, eyes aflame, teeth flashing in vengeance. Malcolm, the young one, must choose between the way of the human and the howling of the wolf. Those who share his blood want to make him one of them. Those who fear him want him dead. 

James Roy Daley - Into Hell
Stephenie Page and her daughter Carrie pull off an empty highway at a gas station. Carrie enters the building first. When Stephenie steps inside she discovers that the restaurant is a slaughterhouse. There are dead bodies everywhere. The worst part is… Carrie is suddenly missing.

James Roy Daley - Terror Town
Hardcore horror at its best: Killer on the warpath. Monsters on the street. Vampires in the night. Zombies on the hunt. Welcome to Terror Town. The place where no one is safe. Nothing is sacred. All will die. All will suffer.

James Roy Daley - The Dead Parade
Within the hour, James will witness the suicide of his closest friend, be responsible for countless murders, and become a fugitive from the police. In the shadow of his mind, a demon lurks. Bloodlust is a virus and it’s infecting his logic. Survival is not an option.

Tonia Brown - Badass Zombie Road Trip
Jonah has seven days to find his best friend’s soul, or lose his own, dragging a zombie across the country with a stripper who has an agenda of her own, while being pursued for a crime he didn’t commit… and dealing with Satan. Two thousand miles. Seven days. Two souls. One zombie. Satan. 

Matt Hults - Husk
When Mallory moves to a small town, her new home won’t be as boring as she’d feared. Who is the dark figure watching her? What is the shape hanging in the shadows of the barn? And why has someone begun digging up graves? In the end, one night will decide if the dead will rise.

Tim Lebbon - Berserk
On a dark night Tom begins to unearth the mass grave where he hopes––and fears––that he will find his son’s remains. Instead, he finds madness: corpses in chains and dead bodies that move. And one little girl, dead and rotting, who promises to help Tom find what he’s looking for… 

Best New Zombie Tales - Volume One
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic zombie anthology. Includes great tales by Ray Garton, Jonathan Maberry, Kealan Patrick Burke, Jeff Strand, Robert Swartwood, Gary McMahon, Kim Paffenroth… and so much more.

Best New Zombie Tales - Volume Two
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic zombie anthology. Includes great tales by David Niall Wilson, Rio Youers, Nate Kenyon, Tim Waggoner, Narrelle M. Harris, John Everson, Mort Castle… and so much more. 

Best New Zombie Tales - Volume Three
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic zombie anthology. Includes great tales by Simon Wood, Joe McKinney, Tim Lebbon, Nancy Kilpatrick, Paul Kane, Jeremy C. Shipp, Nate Southard… and so much more. 

Best New Werewolf Tales - Volume One
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic werewolf anthology. Includes great tales by Jonathan Maberry, John Everson, Michael Laimo, James Roy Daley, Douglas Smith, David Niall Wilson, Nina Kiriki Hoffman… and so much more.

Best New Vampire Tales - Volume One
Award winning authors and New York Times Bestsellers come together in this fantastic vampire anthology. Includes great tales by Michael Laimo, David Niall Wilson, Tim Waggoner, John Everson, Don Webb, Jay Caselberg, Nancy Kilpatrick… and so much more.

James Roy Daley - Zombie Kong
Big. Bad. Heavy. Hungry. While a 50-foot tall zombie gorilla smashes the hell out of a small town, Candice Wanglund drags her son Jake through the hazardous streets in an attempt to get away from the man who is determined to kill them.  

John F.D. Taff - Little Deaths
Named the #1 Horror Collection of 2012 by Horror Talk / Named Top 5 books of 2012 by AndyErupts
You think you’ve got bad dreams? Consider author John F.D. Taff’s nightmares. Taff has the kind of nightmares no one really wants. But it’s nightmares like these that give him plenty of ideas to explore; ideas that he’s turned into the short stories he shares in his new collection.

John L. French - Paradise Denied
One of the best collections you’ll ever read. There isn’t a single story that feels like filler. Vampires, zombies, tough cops, faeries, heroes, or super-scientists, John French has got a tale for you, and it’s amazing. Readers agree: this is the book you won’t be able to put down. 

James Roy Daley - 13 Drops Of Blood
Thirteen tales of horror, suspense, and imagination. Enter the gore-soaked exhibit, the train of terror, the graveyard of the haunted. Meet the scientist of the monsters, the woman with the thing living inside her, the living dead. Quality horror with a flair for the hardcore. Not for the squeamish. 

Zombie Kong - Anthology
Zombies are bad, but ZOMBIE KONG is worse. Way worse. Big. Bad. Heavy. Hungry. This is the most original zombie anthology of all time. In the jungles, in the Arctic, in the cities, in the towns, Zombie Kong rules them all. Other zombies must bow to their god… ZOMBIE KONG! 

Paul Kane - Pain Cages
Reminiscent of Stephen King’s classic best-selling book Different Seasons, Paul Kane gives us an unforgettable collection of four novella-size stories. Each story is refreshingly original and delivers an emotional impact that is rarely seen in today’s literature. Speculative fiction at its best. 

Matt Hults - Anything Can Be Dangerous
Contains four amazing stories: Anything Can be Dangerous (the simple things in life can kill), Through the Valley of Death (a dark tale that will make you remember fear), The Finger (zombie literature has never been so extraordinary), and Feeding Frenzy (lunchtime in a place called Hell). 

Bill Howard - 10 Minutes From Home: Episodes 1 - 4
When a viral outbreak hits Toronto, Denny and Thom find themselves trapped in a town called Pontypool. As the streets begin to teem with violence, they must first find safety, and a way out of the now deadly metropolis.

Bill Howard - 10 Minutes From Home: Episodes 5 - 8
The journey gets bloodier as the group runs into hordes of the infected in a suburban neighborhood. Thom must make some drastic decisions when the survivors encounter a military camp. But does the camp provide safety, or just another hurdle delaying Denny’s expedition home?

Classic - Vampire Tales
Includes: J. Sheridan Lefanu / Bram Stoker / M. R. James / F. Benson / Algernon Blackwood / F. Marion Crawford / Mary E. Wilkins Freeman / James Robinson Planche / Johann Ludwig Tieck


Thank you for reading this book!



