May I Go Play?
An Old Houses Prequel

Heather Marie Adkins

Copyright © 2014 by Heather Marie Adkins
Smashwords Edition
Published by CyberWitch Press, LLC
Louisville, KY
cyberwitchpress.com
cyberwitchpress@gmail.com
First edition, published January 2014
All rights reserved.
This book is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. In accordance with the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the author. Any reproduction or other unauthorized use of the material or artwork herein is prohibited.
In layman’s terms: Don’t be a jerk. Writing and publishing is the author’s career. Support their art by buying their books at their very affordable prices. Don’t steal the author’s blood, sweat, and tears for free from a pirate site. If you did, then go back and buy a book from this author. Legally.
Disclaimer: The persons, places, things, and otherwise animate or inanimate objects mentioned in this novel are figments of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to anything or anyone living (or dead) is unintentional. The author humbly begs your pardon. This is fiction, people.
Edited by M. Edward McNally, Alan Nayes, and Emma Jameson
Cover Art by the author. She’s broke.
Stock Photo: © 2012 FullFrame
Interior book design by CyberWitch Press, LLC
Author Photograph © 2011 Meagan White|White Photography
Contact the author at heather@heathermarieadkins.com
Sign up for her MAILING LIST to receive updates on new releases!

May I Go Play?
by Heather Marie Adkins
A young woman inherits a southern mansion from her grandmother only to find the original owners want company. 
May I Go Play? is a ten-thousand word novelette that originally appeared in the Eclective’s Haunted Collection. The story was inspired by a real house in Savannah, Georgia.
Praise for books by Heather Marie Adkins:
Heather Marie Adkins writes beautiful, poetic prose which effortlessly blends romance, fantasy, and the darker shades of the supernatural.
—Greg James
Author of Under A Colder Sun
All of Ms. Adkins stories are entertaining with creative prose and character dialogue that is sharp, real and witty…once you start reading you won’t stop until the story’s final resolution is revealed. 
—Alan Nayes
Author of Gargoyles
Adkins has admirably distinguished herself as an author to watch out for. Her prose is crisp and interesting, and her credible, multidimensional characters weave both darkness and light into a realistic, poignant work about struggling with honor, loyalty, rage, love and death.
—Karin Cox
Author of Cruxim
The author’s imagination and ability to write wonderful descriptions combine to produce a story that, while there is romance, there is also adventure, a dose of fantasy and a splash of humor.
—Larry Marshall
Author of Her Book of Shadows
Heather brings metaphysical mythical into the realm of totally plausible, and does so with romance, intrigue, and exceptional good taste.
—P.J. Port
Author of To Touch Ice




Dedication
For those who believe in ghosts.
May I Go Play?
The hulking structure sat at an intersection in Savannah: empty, abandoned, shadowed. It was the kind of place that exuded despair and neglect. An unwanted orphan or a forgotten time capsule of an age past. The hot Georgia sun couldn’t penetrate the thick gloom that blanketed the property, just as the natives didn’t penetrate the thick, barred wall that surrounded it.
Heart fluttering wildly, Micah Noble shifted on her feet, staring at the key ring in her hand.
“It’s just a house,” her husband said softly. Garrett was always the optimist, and the skeptic—a psychology professor with five degrees on the wall and an ever-present five o’clock shadow. Stick thin, tall as a bean pole, and handsome; but not in any traditional sense. His glasses always seemed to be falling down his nose, and there was a gap between his front teeth that he whistled through even though it drove her nuts.
Micah shook her head, her thick blonde hair moving over her shoulders like a caress of fingers. She shuddered. “It isn’t just a house.”
Garrett glanced over his shoulder. Elliott sat in the backseat of the SUV with Sticks on her lap, his black-and-white snout panting through the open window. Assured that their daughter wasn’t listening, Garrett murmured, “Micah, this house did not kill your great aunt. It belongs to you now. Push away your family’s silly legends, and let’s go see what condition it’s in.”
She wanted to argue. She wanted to snap that he hadn’t heard the fear in her mother’s voice two months earlier when Micah called to tell her.
*
“What? My mother left you Bowridge?” Momma Jean gasped.
“Yeah.” Micah flipped a page in the packet her lawyer had given her. “The house, property, and any possessions inside. According to Skinner & Fulsom’s appraisal, the contents of Bowridge are worth a lot of money. This could be the answer to all our prayers.”
Micah glanced around the tiny apartment. The kitchen bled into the living room, which bled into two bedrooms. A family couldn’t make a home in a place like this; Elliott needed better.
There was a long silence on the other end of the line. Micah could hear the faint sound of a television in the background. She glanced at the clock—three in the afternoon. She’d interrupted her mother’s soaps.
“Honey pie, you don’t want that house,” Jean finally murmured. “That house is evil.”
“It’s gorgeous, Mom.” Micah flipped to the full-color picture in the back of the packet. An off-white Greek revival with a bit of weather damage.
“Why on earth would Momma leave you that house?” Jean murmured, and Micah had a feeling the question wasn’t truly directed at her.
“Because neither you nor your sisters wanted it.”
“She should have burned it to the ground,” Jean said sharply.
“Mother.”
Jean lowered her voice. “You know what happened to your great aunt, Millie.”
Sighing, Micah sat the packet aside. “I know, Mom. But Aunt Millie killed herself. How long are you and your sisters going to blame Bowridge for Millie’s actions?”
“We blame Bowridge because it was the direct source of all of Millie’s problems,” her mother snapped. “Micah Louise, if you move my granddaughter into that hell house, I will sue you for custody.”
“Oh, Mother.” Micah sighed again. “No, you won’t.”
But the seed was planted. Micah began to remember her mother’s tales, and the way ‘the aunts’ spoke of Bowridge in hushed tones. And in the months leading up to their move, Micah became a believer.
*
A stairway led from the cracked sidewalk to a door of heavy wood and stained glass. Beneath the regal, swirling staircase, a gated door—closed and padlocked—hid the servant’s entrance on the lower floor. The circular gate gaped like the house’s jaws, eternally screaming.
Micah stared up at three stories, the stucco exterior, and a gabled roof. Bowridge sat on a stately square with heavy traffic in downtown Savannah, surrounded by other equally magnificent southern mansions. Fifty years ago, it was probably one of the most beautiful homes in the neighborhood. Now…
Now it watched her.
When she didn’t acknowledge his assurance that Bowridge was “just a house,” Garrett swiped the key from her open palm—“Now or never, love.”—and swept up the crumbling stairs.
Micah waited a moment as a shiver ran up her spine. Then she followed her husband to the front door.
*
The mail slot set into one of the ebony doors was broken. The golden lip that should have hung over it was gone, leaving a rectangular hole through which Micah could see a stairwell. She could feel cool air escaping through the bronze slot, a kind of reverse vacuum.
“Why is it cold?” she asked, placing a palm in the rushing wind. It flowed through her fingers: an icy flash that raised the hair on the back of her neck. “It’s ninety degrees outside. It should be hot as hell in there.”
Garrett shrugged as he shoved the key in the scratched brass lock. “Maybe the lawyer had the electricity turned on for us.”
“In a house this big?” Micah scoffed. “You’re loony.”
The door opened with ease, the hinges barely squeaking. There was a whooshing sound, and musty, disused air filtered out, giving Micah pause.
“Momma?” Elliott’s voice drifted up to them from the street.
Micah turned her back on the open door and walked to the railing of the balcony as her husband disappeared inside. Elliott was hanging out of the back window of the car, her small palms pressed to the door as she gazed at the house.
“Come on up, baby,” Micah called down to her daughter. “Bring Sticks.”
It wasn’t that she wanted her little girl inside the house. Ideally, Micah wanted Elliott far away from Bowridge with neither knowledge nor memories of the place to tarnish her innocent outlook on life. But that wasn’t an option. Not since the fire…
Elliott just didn’t like to be left alone. So there was no way Micah could go inside without her. Bowridge was their new home. A new start.
Girl and dog jumped from the car. Using all fifty pounds of her body weight, Elliott slammed the heavy truck door and raced for the steps, Sticks only a few steps ahead of her on his hot-pink leash.
Micah took her daughter’s hand with a smile. White blonde hair, sun-tanned skin, and skinny legs just like her father’s that jutted from beneath her blue jean skirt. She was the most beautiful child in the world.
Micah couldn’t even see the scar anymore. Hooray for modern medicine, she thought, brushing her fingertips across the soft skin of Elliott’s bare arm.
“Watch where you step and stay close,” Micah warned, giving Sticks a playful nudge with her toes. He nipped at her flip-flop playfully.
Elliott nodded succinctly. “Yes, Momma.”
The foyer was fairly small for such a large home. Straight ahead, a worn wooden staircase climbed the pale yellow wall before making a hasty ninety-degree turn up to the second floor. An ancient chandelier clung to the ten-foot ceiling above their heads. Beneath the second set of stairs, another archway revealed a staircase that led down to the ground floor.
It was cool a full ten degrees cooler inside, as if the AC were running. Micah raised an eyebrow, holding firmly to Elliott’s hand as she reached to flick the light switch next to the door.
Nothing happened.
She flicked the second switch and stepped outside to make sure it didn’t control the porch light. The shattered globes on either side of the door weren’t any help.
“How can that be?” she asked her husband as he appeared in the archway to the living room. She shut the door, cutting off the ambient street noise. The house fell into eerie silence.
Garrett shrugged. His shaggy black hair was sticking straight up as if he’d stuck his finger in a socket. “Lights in there don’t work, either. Electricity must not be on.”
“But the air pressure?” Micah gestured to the mail slot. They would have to get that fixed stat. She imagined all manner of city vermin climbing through the slot alongside bills and bank statements.
“I’m sure it’s just some kind of negative flow. There are broken windows upstairs.”
Micah felt a rush of relief. “Oh, that’s true.”
Garrett leaned over to kiss her gently on the forehead while he ruffled Elliott’s hair, making the little girl giggle. “Hey,” he said softly against Micah’s temple. “Quit worrying. Let’s bring our stuff in, and I’ll pull out the laptop and get the electric hooked up, ‘kay?” He grinned. “This will be fun.”
Micah exchanged glances with her daughter—even their young child knew a hopeless case when she saw it.
“Famous last words,” Micah said, rolling her eyes.
*
“They’ll be out in less than an hour.”
Micah turned around from gazing into the jungle of a backyard. Or side yard, rather, seeing as the house was long rather than wide, and the teeny quadrangle of yard was situated just outside a side door. Elliott stood in the fenced enclosure with Sticks, throwing a Nerf ball for him to fetch. His floppy red ears bounced with every sprint.
“That’s fantastic. How did you manage that?” Micah asked, uncapping her bottled water for a drink. The liquid was refreshing; the energy she had expended carrying luggage inside had made her thirsty.
Garrett rubbed his hands together, a gleam in his eyes. “I have my ways,” he intoned, swooping forward to encircle her waist with his arms.
He swung her around so that her flip-flops left the floor and she felt weightless. Micah squealed. “Put me down!”
He did, but instead of pulling away, his lips caught hers: soft, sweet. They tasted like Carmex, his drug of choice. She relented beneath his touch, pressing her body into his—the perfect fit. Ten-year-long puzzle pieces that still clicked together with a perfection borne of friendship.
The kiss grew heated. Micah wanted to shove away her fears about the house, her worries about the cost of restoration, and take her husband right there on the living room floor between the aged, plastic-covered sofa and the coffee table. Judging by his reaction to the kiss, he agreed.
A low giggle brought Micah back from the brink, and she broke the kiss with an audible smack. She glanced over her shoulder to find Elliott in the open doorway, the concrete patio and ivy-trimmed verandah visible behind her.
“You were kissing,” she accused.
Garrett slapped Micah on the rump and pulled away. “I’m going to run to the drugstore. We need a couple of necessities. Like toilet paper.”
“We’ll go with you,” Micah said quickly, striding across the floor to get her purse.
“No, you guys need to stay here just in case the lawyer beats me back.” He slipped his wallet into the back pocket of his cargo shorts. “No use making him wait outside.”
“I’d rather wait outside,” Micah grumbled.
Elliott launched the Nerf ball into the foyer, and Sticks’s claws scrabbled for purchase as he took off after it. Micah couldn’t even force herself to get on Elliott for throwing balls in the house. She met Garrett at the front door.
“Don’t leave us alone here,” she said softly, shooting a glance at her daughter. The girl wasn’t paying them any mind.
“Micah.” Garrett smiled, tucking her hair behind her ear gently. “Love, it is just a house. Now.” He pressed a quick kiss to her lips. “I’ll be back shortly.”
Then he was gone.
*
“This place is so big,” Elliott said, her voice awed.
“Six bedrooms,” Micah agreed as she led her daughter down the upstairs hallway. At the apex of the staircase, they could walk left, passing closed doorways—presumably to bedrooms—to the back of the house and a giant bathroom equipped with tub, shower stall, toilet, and a double sink. They were now walking towards the front of the house, where the hallway ended at a gorgeous bay window seat that looked out over the street below.
Sticks’s claws clicked along the hardwood floor, the sound much louder in the abnormal silence than it should have been. Micah rolled her eyes at a pile of timber on the floor—that would be a pain to get down to the basement. Or the half-basement, half-ground floor, whatever the heck these southerners called those weird in-between floors underneath the main level.
“Big enough to get lost in, so stay close,” Micah went on.
Elliott rolled her eyes. “I know, Mom.”
Micah peeked into the first open bedroom door. The room was spacious, with tall ceilings and windows. A four-poster bed dominated the middle of the floor, and a matching antique dresser graced one wall. It was simple and opulent all at once—a throwback to nineteenth century wealth.
Elliott poked her head around Micah’s waist to appraise the room. “There are leaves on the floor,” she observed with the acuity of a seven-year-old.
Micah laughed and turned to face her daughter. “Keen senses of observation, daughter-mine. There are quite a few broken windows on this floor. Remind me to Google window replacement companies.”
Elliott’s brilliant blue eyes crinkled when she smiled. She clicked her heels together and saluted. “Copy that.”
They moved on to the next room—similar to the first but with an en suite bathroom. As Micah stepped into the small, porcelain space to coo over the pedestal sink and claw-foot bathtub, Elliott wandered away with Sticks in hot pursuit.
Micah turned the four-armed faucet. It moved, but the pipes just groaned. “Water company,” she told herself. “Call the water company.”
“Look, Momma!”
Elliott’s excited yell spurred Micah into motion. She hurried through the bedroom, passing through warm shafts of afternoon sunlight, and entered the hall. “Where are you?”
“In here!”
Whatever it was had excited her daughter. Micah followed the sound of Elliott’s voice into the front bedroom. This room was the biggest, fully equipped with a bed, a dresser, a vanity, and an open door that revealed a huge walk-in closet. The walls were a rich, deep mahogany that contrasted beautifully with the red oak floors.
Micah glanced around for her daughter, noting a fancy archway that led to a third bathroom. Elliott was nowhere in sight.
“Ellie?”
The blonde-haired fae child appeared through an open doorway in the far wall near the front of the house; Micah hadn’t even noticed it. “Look! It’s a porch, Momma.”
Micah followed her through the opening and gasped. The covered porch stretched the length of the house, a wall of windows that overlooked the postage stamp yard and beyond. The half-walls beneath the window were white, as was the porch floor. Micah assumed the concrete façade, a pale egg cream color, was the house’s original exterior minus a century-and-a-half of weathering.
Sticks had already found a patch of sunshine and curled up for a snooze. It was stifling hot on the porch, and empty but for a single white, wicker chair.
“How lovely,” Micah murmured, looking out over the neighborhood. Just beside their walled backyard, a street bisected the square along a tidy city park teeming with afternoon patrons.
“May I go play, Momma?” Elliott pleaded.
Micah stared down into her daughter’s beautiful face. “Not today, baby. We’ve got a lot to do. I can’t go over with you.”
Elliott’s face darkened. “I can go by myself,” she said petulantly.
Fighting a smile, Micah responded, “In time, sunshine. This is a new and unfamiliar place. Let’s get settled first.”
Micah motioned for Elliott to precede her into the bedroom, and then slapped her own leg and whistled for Sticks, who promptly obeyed. As she reached to shut the door, she glanced at the wicker chair. A feeling of unease settled about her shoulders like a mantle.
The thin blue cushion that covered the seat was indented as if someone were sitting there, looking out over the park.
Micah clutched the door handle, fighting off a shiver. It’s just old and worn, she told herself, laughing out loud. Just old and worn, like the rest of the house.
*
Micah handed the Spongebob Squarepants roller suitcase to Elliott, making a face and groaning as if it were heavy. “What do you have in there, rocks?”
Elliott giggled, yanking the handle up from the top. “No, silly. Books.”
“Ah, well, that’s okay then.” Micah pulled her own rolling suitcase from the trunk, and then turned tired eyes on the U-Haul trailer. “I don’t have the energy for that. I barely have the energy for what’s in the Jeep.”
“One at a time,” Elliott said, once again proving herself way ahead of the bell curve for a child her age.
They trudged up the front steps, holding suitcases, pillows, and in Elliott’s case a gigantic plush polar bear. Micah pushed the door open and held it for her daughter to pass through. They left their belongings on the leaf-scattered floor and returned to the car for more.
On their third trip inside, Micah gingerly sat a box of breakables on the coffee table just as the sound of shattering glass broke the silence of the house. It came from upstairs, where Elliott had just carried a suitcase to pick out her room.
“Elliott?” Micah yelled, panicked. She burst into the foyer and took the narrow staircase at a run.
“I’m fine, Momma, it wasn’t me.” Elliott stood at the top of the stairs, staring towards the master bedroom. “It came from in there.”
“Go back downstairs and get in the car,” Micah told her in a low, urgent tone. “Wait for me there.”
Her daughter obeyed without argument, pale blue eyes wide as she skittered down the stairs.
Micah stared at the open bedroom door, heart pounding. Had someone gotten in the house? Worse still, could a homeless person be living there? She hefted an old, dusty two-by-four from a stack on the floor and held it at the ready as she took wide, quiet steps towards the bedroom.
Beyond the distant chirping of birds, there were no sounds from inside. Taking a deep breath, Micah stepped into the room.
Empty. Make-shift weapon still primed for action, Micah checked under the bed, in the closet, the bathroom, and out on the patio. That room clear, she did a sweep of the entire upstairs, and turned up nothing.
Not only was there no one in the house, but there was also no evidence of a newly-broken window.
*
“Mrs. Noble. It’s a pleasure to meet you in person.” Alfred Skinner offered a pudgy, well-manicured hand, a jovial grin on his sunburned face.
“Likewise.” She shook his warm, dry hand and stepped back to allow him entrance. If her mind wasn’t playing tricks on her, he seemed to brace himself before he walked inside.
“Oh, grand. I see you were able to get the electric hooked without issue?” He gestured to the chandelier hanging over the foyer. It was a black metal contraption of carved leaves. Garrett had replaced all the bulbs in the flower-like holders when he returned home from the drug store.
“Yes, and the water company is sending someone tomorrow. Thank you.” Micah shut the door and motioned for him to follow her to the living room. “Would you care for coffee? A bottle of water?”
“Coffee would be great,” Alfred boomed. His indoor voice needed work. “I’ve had a long day, and yet another long night ahead of me. This heat, you know. It just makes people crazy.”
She chuckled because she knew he was right.
“Have a seat.” Micah gestured to the couch, now rid of its plastic cover. “I’ll be right back.”
Before she turned her back, she saw fear race across his face, but it was gone almost as soon as she recognized it.
Her lawyer was scared of the house.
Micah took the stairs to the ground floor. They opened into a large, dim kitchen with boxes of silverware and dishes on the floor and the ancient green refrigerator whirring with life.
Earlier, when Garrett had returned from the drug store, the two of them had explored the semi-underground level while Elliott and Sticks unpacked in her room. It wasn’t quite a basement, but it wasn’t quite aboveground either. It was a maze of rooms, few of them furnished and most of them obviously disused for decades.
Small half-moon windows looked out upon street level. In the growing twilight, tires rolled past, stopping briefly at the “Stop” sign before continuing. Micah had wondered if they paid any attention to the monstrosity beside them.
“It’s nice down here,” Garrett had murmured as he popped his head out the servant’s entrance.
The walls were painted dark, earthy shades, and the windows were curtained in every room. “It’s dark,” she disagreed. “And dingy.”
“We’ll change that,” Garrett had said, his embrace and kiss sealing the deal.
It was almost sundown now. Even with the lights on, the kitchen was shadowed and dark. Lit by harsh artificial light, the cabinets of peeling burgundy paint and the scarred table and chairs looked unwanted. The linoleum floor, a dizzying pattern of black-and-white diamond shapes, needed an industrial-strength scrub.
Micah found she couldn’t muster any excitement over the spacious kitchen. As compared to their old apartment, it was the Taj Mahal. Yet, something about Bowridge didn’t sit well with her. First, the feeling of a presence in the chair on the covered porch, and then the phantom glass breakage. She sighed, swiping a hand over her face.
She snuck a peek out the window of the kitchen door. Elliott and Sticks were laying in the shade of a thick, gnarled Black Walnut. They watched Garrett as he attacked the overgrown yard with a weed-eater.
Micah threw some pre-ground grocery coffee into the stainless steel brewer they’d brought from home. She measured out water from the gallon jug and hit “brew,” then grabbed herself a diet soda from the fridge as the heady smell of coffee filled the kitchen.
The door to the yard banged open, and a burst of deathly hot Georgia summer filled the room. Micah hadn’t realized until then just how well the air conditioning worked in the house. Thank God for small favors, she thought as she turned to smile at her husband.
But no one was there.
She leaned a hip on the counter, steadying herself against a wave of confusion and terror. Her feet refused to move, and her palms grew clammy. How did the door open?
She heard rustling outside, and then Garrett appeared in the open doorway. He raised an eyebrow. “Why’s the door open? You’re letting all the air out.”
“The wind, I guess,” Micah tried to explain it away.
He crossed the threshold and shut the door. “It’s dead still outside, love.”
“Faulty latch?”
He jiggled the doorknob. “I don’t think so. You didn’t open it?”
Micah shook her head. “No. I didn’t open it.”
Beyond the door, Micah could see her daughter. Elliott stood in the middle of the backyard, staring up at the house.
*
“It’s all very straightforward,” Alfred said, gently setting his mug on the stained coffee table. “Your grandmother didn’t pull any punches. Everything tied to Bowridge belongs to you. Furniture, appliances, property, even clothes still in the closets and books on the shelves.” He pointed to a separate sheet that carried a simple paragraph-long statement. “She only had two requirements—one, that the house remain your sole property, meaning nothing of it goes to control of your husband. If anything were to happen to you, she’s stipulated that the property will then go to your daughter, with your mother Jean as custodian. And two—you can’t sell it.”
Micah’s heart fell. “Any of it?”
“No. Just the house and the land. If you wanted to sell the furnishings, that is still an option.” He spread his hands over the documents and smiled. “Other than that, Mrs. Noble, Bowridge is yours for better or worse.”
Micah thought of the kitchen door, thrown open so hard it bounced off the wall. Definitely worse.
*
An evening storm rolled in just before bedtime. Micah tucked her daughter into bed in the room she’d picked—a white and pink ruffled affair at the back of the house. She wasn’t happy that Elliott would be so far from them—she and Garrett would be sleeping in the master bedroom in the front.
“Are you sure about this room?” Micah asked for the fifth time. “There are bigger ones closer to mine and Daddy’s.”
“Yes, Momma.” Elliott smiled, a little blonde angel framed by frilly pillows and stuffed animals. “It feels like mine.”
Micah kissed her forehead. “Alright. You know where we’ll be if you need us. I love you.” She double-checked the bulb on Elliott’s tropical fish nightlight, and then hit the lights on the way out.
The hallway was dark as pitch, and unfamiliar. Micah placed a hand to the wall and cautiously moved forward. She jumped as a flash of lightning illuminated the windowseat ahead, filling the space with blue-white light. For a brief moment, she thought she saw a shadow on the stairs, but a crack of thunder followed by another flash revealed an empty stairwell.
She hurried to the bedroom, her heart pounding in her ears. It was just my imagination, she argued with herself. New house. Unfamiliar. She was starting to sound like a broken record, even to herself. Unfamiliar. Unfamiliar.
Garrett was propped up in bed, a pool of soft, warm lamplight on him as he read. His bare chest was mostly softened muscle from years of campus food and sitting at a desk, but she still found him sexy. The sight of him chased away the shadow on the stairs; it chased away the atmospheric storm and patter of rain. Other parts of her, more primal and insatiable, came to the surface instead.
After brushing her teeth and slipping into a thin cotton nightgown, Micah crawled onto her side of the bed. She cuddled against her husband’s side, sliding a hand up the warmth of his thigh beneath his boxer shorts.
“Remember that kiss earlier?” she murmured in his ear before she took it between her teeth and gently nipped.
Garrett mmm’d low in his throat and slipped his bookmark into the book before he set it on the nightstand. Turning into her, he cradled her against his chest. “Remember? I’ve been fantasizing about it for hours.”
Micah wrapped her leg over his hips, giggling like a little girl as his hand moved to cup her breast. “Make love to me,” she whispered against his lips.
He didn’t argue.
*
Micah was startled awake by the touch of icy fingers.
She popped up in bed, gasping, one hand fluttering to the spot on her cheek that still felt cold and clammy. She glanced towards the side of the bed, expecting to see her daughter, but there was nothing but darkness.
The storm still rocked the house. A steady pounding of rain on the roof and windows let her know it hadn’t lost any of its fury in the hours she’d been out. Beside her, Garrett slept soundly, one arm still tossed listlessly over her lap.
On her nightstand, the digital clock read three am.
Micah fell back against the headboard, trying to catch her breath. It must have been a dream, she thought, trying to remember what she was dreaming. If she had been having a dream, the information was just out of reach and getting more insubstantial the longer she was awake.
A loud boom of thunder made her heart skip a beat, and in the stretch of emptiness that followed she heard the pitter-patter of small feet in the hallway, echoed by the familiar clicking of Sticks’s claws. A moment later, Elliott burst through the open door and launched her skinny body onto the bed.
Micah chuckled, scooting to the right so her daughter could squeeze beneath the covers between her and Garrett. “Did the storm scare you, baby?”
As Sticks made a few circles and settled on the rug next to the bed, Elliott turned her pale face up. There was fear in her eyes. “A little. Mostly it was the girl.”
“What girl?” Micah’s hand drifted once more to her own cheek as she remembered the cold phantom of a small child’s fingers.
With a wide-eyed nod, Elliott said, “She keeps whispering to me when I’m trying to sleep.”
Micah wanted to attribute the story to her daughter’s wicked imagination, but she couldn’t get past the sensation of fingers on her face. “What does this girl look like?”
Elliott shrugged, snuggling closer to Garrett, who rolled over and squeezed her in his sleep. “Dunno. Can’t see her.”
As soon as her daughter’s eyes closed and her breathing became regular, Micah laid awake the rest of the night facing the door.
*
“Momma, does that look weird to you?” Elliott asked.
They were on the front porch the next morning, Elliott armed with a bottle of glass cleaner and an old t-shirt, while Micah wielded a broom on the steps. Her daughter stood in front of the stained glass front doors, bubbles sliding down the glass as she pointed up.
Micah followed her gesture to the third floor. She hadn’t paid much attention to the exterior of the house, other than to note it was a mess. Above the front door, the windowseat jutted out, forming an overhang. To the right of it was the window of the master bedroom—her and Garrett’s room. The façade of the house was some kind of stone; without knowledge of architecture, Micah wasn’t sure if it was poured concrete or some kind of concrete sculpted over stone or wood. But the textured exterior had survived almost two centuries in the tropical weather of the area, and parts of the house were a bit worse for the wear.
Where her daughter pointed was one of the worst examples of the way time had made a mark on Bowridge. Micah said, “That water stain, you mean?”
“Is that what it is?” Elliott was silent for a moment. “It looks like a face.”
Micah looked closer, and then started as she realized it did look like a face. Hollow circles for eyes, sunken cheeks, and long, flowing hair around a pale face. A sideways slash made the face look like it was screaming. The effect was chilling.
“It does,” Micah agreed. She forced her eyes away from the sight and vowed to ignore it before her own imagination ran wild. “But it’s just our brains piecing together something familiar from the water patterns.”
Elliott giggled. “You sound like Daddy.”
“Heaven forbid!” Micah teased, turning back to the steps. But for the rest of the time they cleaned, she could feel eyes on her—as if the face were real.
*
Micah met her husband at the front door as soon as he got home, relieving him of his briefcase. “Take your shoes off,” she warned him. “Elliott and I did the floors.”
His brown eyes moved over the shiny hardwood. “No leaves.”
She nodded and smiled, proud of herself. “No leaves.”
“Where is Elliott?” he asked, yanking off his tie as he followed her to the living room. “Oh, love, it looks great in here.”
A thorough cleaning of Murphy’s Oil to the hardwood floors had revealed beautiful, shiny wooden slats. She and Elliott had taken scrub brushes to the ornately carved fireplace, cleaning it of debris and dirt, even managing to clean the soot off the concrete stoop. They’d unpacked several boxes, so the living room felt more like home.
Micah deposited Garret’s briefcase by the couch. “She’s upstairs taking a nap. I almost joined her.”
He kissed her forehead, one hand brushing across her neck. “Don’t blame you. You guys worked hard today.”
“Would you like something to drink?” Micah offered, dying to ask him how the interview went. She refrained.
“Do we have any beer?” Garrett sank to the couch with an oof! and kicked his stocking feet up on the coffee table. His suit had been perfectly pressed that morning, but now it looked wrinkled and worse for the wear.
Micah took the stairs down into the kitchen, quickly grabbing him a Bud Light and herself a bottled rum cocktail, and then ran back up the stairs, ignoring the rising feeling of suffocation she felt every time she stepped foot in the kitchen.
She settled beside him on the couch as he popped the tab on his beer, automatically reaching for her bottle to open it for her. They sat together listening to the faint tick-tock-tick-tock of the wall clock.
Finally, she couldn’t stand it any longer. “So. How’d it go?” she asked offhand, crossing her fingers.
He paused for too long, and her heart began to sink. “Oh no.”
“I’m just kidding,” he said, his face lighting up as a white grin spread from ear to ear. “I got the job.”
Micah squealed and leapt forward to toss her arms around his neck. “That’s great news!”
“I’ll start next Monday.”
As she kissed her husband, Micah felt a rush of relief, as if the tables were turning. Maybe Bowridge and Savannah were just what they needed to get out from under the black cloud that had hung over them since the accident.
*
The second night was no different than the first. Micah woke up, shocked from sleep by the same touch of cold fingers. She gasped, jerking away from the edge of the bed. The clock switched over to three am.
Disturbed by her reaction, Garrett awoke beside her, sitting up with a groan.
“Wha—Micah?” He reached for her in the dark. “Love, what’s wrong?”
Heart pounding, Micah scooted over the sheets between them and curled up in his warmth. She trembled, her entire body shaking as she stared unseeing into the pitch black room.
“Bad dream?” Garrett murmured into her ear, his strong arm closing tightly over her abdomen as he pulled her against his front.
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you,” she answered, covering her cheek with a hand.
He snuffled at her neck before pressing a kiss into the curve of her shoulder. “Try me.”
“It happened last night, too,” she started quietly. “I woke up thinking it was Elliott. Cold fingers. Here.” She took his hand and laid it over her cheek.
“I’m sure it was just a dream,” he said with a chuckle, squeezing her tightly. “It’s a big, unfamiliar house. And your mom and aunts didn’t do you any favors with their stories.”
That word again—unfamiliar. But the fact of the matter was there was nothing about Bowridge that felt unfamiliar. In fact, it felt eerily familiar, more and more so every minute she remained.
Just as it had the night before, Micah stayed silent as her daughter’s quick footsteps hurried down the hallway, and she and Sticks burst into the bedroom. The girl repeated her flight and wormed her way between Garrett and Micah.
There wasn’t a storm to be found in Savannah, so Micah figured only one reason could have sent Elliott running for their bed. She propped her head up on one hand as Garrett tucked their daughter in close. “Tell Daddy what you told me last night.”
“There is a little girl in my room who whispers when I’m trying to sleep,” Elliott told him, acutely knowing what her mother was asking, as always.
Garrett raised an eyebrow in Micah’s direction, but she just shook her head. Looking down at her daughter’s wispy face in the dark, Micah asked, “Was she bothering you again tonight, baby?”
Elliott nodded. “She wants me to play with her, but I’m so sleepy.”
Micah caught her husband’s gaze over Elliott, but neither of them spoke. Not in front of Elliott, at any rate.
Cuddled against her child’s steady breathing, Micah drifted into dreams of a phantom child.
*
Micah woke late the next morning—obviously trying to make up for sleepless nights. She stretched in a beam of hot sun coming through the front window, her arm meeting empty space where her husband and daughter had been.
Tucked into her favorite cotton robe, Micah walked in bare feet downstairs. Elliott was sprawled on the couch in the living room, her feet kicking at the air as she munched on a bowl of corn flakes.
“Don’t spill that on the couch,” Micah warned.
Elliott took a bite and smiled, showing off flakes in her teeth.
Rolling her eyes, Micah followed the scent of coffee to the kitchen where Garrett was seated at the small round table, paging through the newspaper.
She dropped a kiss to the top of his head before moving on to pour a cup of coffee. “Sleep well?”
“Like a rock,” he answered without looking up. “It’s peaceful here. You wouldn’t think we were in a city.”
Micah hmm’d, not trusting herself to answer. She found no peace at Bowridge—all she found were doors that opened by themselves and a phantom child that haunted her dreams and her daughter.
“What are your plans today?” she asked, opening the fridge to grab the half-and-half.
“I was thinking about tackling the basement,” Garrett said, turning a page. The swish was familiar and comforting. He’d read the newspaper every morning of their marriage, even on days when he was sick in bed.
Micah shivered. “It’s creepy down here.”
He laughed. “You’ve always found basements creepy, love.” He paused to take a sip of coffee. “I may take a look at the fence first. This morning before it gets hot. Some of the rods are bent out of shape and rusted all to hell. I’d hate for Sticks to get caught in any of them.”
“I doubt he can climb the stone wall to get to them,” Micah laughed, joining Garrett at the table with her own sugared-up coffee.
“Dog jumps like a champ.” He folded his newspaper, and then took his coffee mug to the sink. Giving Micah a sloppy kiss on the lips, he said, “I’ll be outside if you need me.”
*
“What are you doing, baby girl?” Micah stepped out onto the covered porch, cradling her jumbo mug of steaming coffee.
She’d already cleaned the main bathroom from top to bottom, and was taking a break before moving on to the next.
Elliott sat in the wicker chair, her knees pulled up to her chest as she gazed out into the morning. “Do you see them?”
Micah crossed the creaky floor and drew up before the glass as she took a sip of coffee. A group of young children played in the park next door. “Yes, of course.”
“May I go play?” Elliott turned pleading eyes to her mother.
Micah smiled; there was no way she could tell her “no” today. “Of course, love. Put some sunblock on your face first, please. Oh, and your arm—don’t forget your arm. It’s going to get hot fast.”
“Yay!” Elliott squeezed her mother around the waist and rushed away.
“Look both ways before you cross the road!” Micah yelled.
She groaned. She really needed to tackle the other bathrooms, and if Elliott was going to play outside for the next few hours, it would be prime time to do so. Garrett was in the backyard and could watch their daughter as he worked on the broken railings of their rod-iron and stone walls.
Micah gathered supplies from the main bath—sponges, tub cleaner, a scrub brush—and took it to the en suite in her and Garrett’s room. She hit the power button on her docking station, and her mp3 player came to life. Grabbing the Soft Scrub and a sponge, she tackled the toilet.
She was elbow deep in toilet water when the front door clicked open and Elliott screamed, “Mom! Mom!”
Micah’s blood ran cold. She abandoned her cleaning and nearly tumbled down the stairs, her heart racing.
Elliott stood panting by the front door, her hands on her knees.
“What is it, baby? Are you hurt?” Micah put a hand to either of her daughter’s cheeks and turned her face to the left and then right, searching for evidence. If those kids had bullied her…
Ellott’s eyes were wide and her cheeks flushed. She grasped Micah’s arms with her tiny hands. “They’re gone.”
Micah stared down at her daughter, baffled. “Who’s gone?”
“The kids in the park.”
*
The upstairs was silent as a tomb. Micah had left a distraught Elliott on the couch with a bowl of strawberry ice cream and a Disney movie in the DVD player. The girl was certain the kids in the park had run from her. She had been so sensitive ever since the fire, and for no good reason. It had been a complete accident—a freak accident that had almost taken Elliott’s life, Micah reminded herself. It wasn’t the school’s fault.
In a way, maybe it was the school’s fault. Elliott had been a normal child, albeit a little shy. But the fire had changed all that. It had nearly killed her, and if it weren’t for the amazing burn unit, it would have maimed her. Micah and Garrett had spent everything they had to get Elliott the treatment she needed.
Micah sighed. The jury was still out on whether Bowridge was a curse or a blessing.
The door to the porch was standing open when Micah walked back through her bedroom on the way to finish cleaning. She paused, brow wrinkled. She didn’t remember the door being open before Elliott came running home.
The heat wafting in was substantial, so she crossed the room, intent on closing it, but the sound of kids at play made her stop and double-take. She stepped onto the porch, the heavy weight of Georgia summer settling around her, and made her way to the window.
The wicker seat still sat in the same place as always, facing the park. The cushion was flat as a pancake—no imprint.
But outside, across the street in the park, the same group of kids was back in action.
Fury filled Micah. Had they really run from her daughter? Those little brats.
She threw her yellow plastic gloves into the bathroom and left, making a beeline for the park.
She didn’t hear Elliott follow her out the door. She didn’t notice her daughter until they both stood at the gate to the park, staring at an empty playground where a single swing swung gently on a breeze-less day.
*
Micah sat at the kitchen table, nursing a small glass of whiskey and water. She looked up as Garrett came through the kitchen door.
“Hey,” he said, stepping out of his dirty boots. “I think I got most of the messed up rods marked. I’ll call later and find someone to come out and replace them.”
“This house is going to cost us a fortune,” Micah murmured.
Garrett grabbed a bottled water from the fridge and sat down across from her. He smelled like earth and sweat. Combined with the way the whiskey had gone straight to her head, Micah felt an urgent need to climb into his lap and connect with him, make love to him. Something real instead of surreal.
“Micah?” His tone was questioning.
She caught his worried brown eyes. “Something weird happened.”
He laughed, the bottle hovering near his lips. “Again?”
“Elliott wanted to play with the kids next door, on the playground. But when she got there, they were gone,” Micah told him, feeling as if the words were coming from outside of herself. She really was a terrible lightweight when it came to alcohol. “She came home in tears because she thought they ran away when they saw her coming. But Garrett, when I went back upstairs, I saw the kids in the park again. And I ran over there—I was mad, so mad that they’d hurt Ellie’s feelings. They were gone. As if they were never there in the first place.”
The worry that marred her husband’s brow remained for a split second, and then a curtain fell. His face twisted, hard and cynical, until he didn’t even resemble himself. Garrett stood, slamming the bottle to the table. “Why did you let her go?” he demanded. One strong, long-fingered hand shot out and grabbed her bicep in a bruising grip. He shook her until her teeth rattled. “Why?”
“Garrett, what is the matter with you?” Micah bit out, trying to shake him off. Her free hand hit the glass of whiskey, sending it sliding off the table. It shattered on the linoleum. “Let me go!”
“She is better than some commoner ragamuffin!” he roared, letting go of Micah so fast she stumbled backwards and into the counter. Her head hit the edge of the cabinet, and she saw stars. “Our child will not be seen with them!”
A sob ripped through Micah as she cowered against the counter. Garrett lifted a hand, his fist clenched as if he would hit her, but then he changed again. As quickly as the madness crossed his face, it was gone.
Garrett blinked, confused. “Micah? Honey, I thought you were cleaning the bathrooms?”
*
Garrett had no idea what she was talking about. He had no recollection of yelling or shaking her, but the growing bruise on the back of her head from connecting with the cabinet was harsh proof that it had happened.
He didn’t recall the conversation that led to the outburst, either. And Micah—sober as if she’d never had a drop after the harrowing experience—decided not to tell him again.
A dozen apologies and one promise to get checked out by a doctor later, they parted ways to get back to work on the house.
Micah checked in on Elliott and found the girl sound asleep on the couch, her favorite pillow pet—a stuffed dolphin—on her chest, and Sticks asleep under her knees. Micah couldn’t help but feel relieved that her daughter and her usually sensitive dog had slept through the strange domestic violence episode.
Garrett had never raised his voice to Micah or their daughter, much less raised a hand. Micah couldn’t explain what had happened down in the kitchen, but whatever it was, it was not her husband.
What if it was, God forbid, a tumor? Micah had heard stories before, of people plagued by full personality changes because of the pressure of a tumor on their brain…
Micah shook herself from such morbid thoughts. It could have been the unforgiving Georgia heat, for all she knew. She pulled an afghan from the hall closet and covered Elliott, then headed upstairs to finish the bathroom.
*
Micah lay on top of the covers, one arm thrown over her eyes to block the sun coming through the bedroom windows. Her head ached despite a mixture of ibuprofen and acetaminophen. With her other hand, she probed the tender area and winced. She needed ice, but didn’t have the energy or the inclination to walk two floors down to get it.
There was a soft knock at the door, and Micah opened her eyes to find her husband hovering in the doorway. He smiled wanly. “How you feeling, love?”
Micah lowered her arm, unwilling to let him know she was hurt. “Fine. What’s up?”
“I found something in the basement I thought you would want to see.”
She delicately sat up and got out of bed, then followed him downstairs. Through the living room archway, she noticed Elliott was no longer on the couch.
“Where’s Ellie?” she asked, a burst of worry making her heart skip a beat.
“She’s fine,” Garrett assured her, giving her a funny look. “She took Sticks outside.”
“The backyard?” Micah clarified.
He paused before the steps to the ground level. “Micah, is this about earlier?”
She shrugged, a flush rising to her face. She’d never felt unsure of Garrett being able to keep an eye on their daughter, and the emotion bothered her.
He grasped her shoulders gently, as if she would break, and stared into her eyes. “Love, I don’t know what happened. I can’t explain it, nor can I explain why I lost that time. But I would never, ever harm you or Elliott intentionally.”
Micah sighed and sank against him, wrapping her arms around his waist. She didn’t answer. She didn’t trust herself to answer.
As Garrett released her and started down the stairs, Micah was hit by a wave of dizziness. She gripped the doorframe, staring down at her husband’s retreating back. His bright red t-shirt shimmered in her vision. Rage flooded her, and she felt absolutely certain that she should shove her husband down the stairs.
She stepped forward, lifting her hands to push him—and her vision righted itself. The rage was gone, and Garrett was standing at the bottom of the stairs, staring at her.
“Micah? Honey, what’s going on?”
Micah shook her head, pressing a hand to the bruise. “I…don’t know.” She focused on the man she loved and wondered what on earth had come over her. “Will you throw some ice in a baggie for me?”
He nodded and disappeared from sight.
Micah made her way down the stairs unsteadily, and by the time she came to rest near the kitchen table, Garrett handed her the baggie.
She pressed it to the back of her head as he asked, “Are you thirsty? Did you take anything?”
She shook her head. “No. Just show me what you wanted to show me so I can go lie back down.”
He put a hand to her forehead and then slipped it to her cheek. “You don’t feel hot. But I don’t think you should lay down, love. You might have a concussion.” He cradled his head in both hands and tore at his hair. “God, I can’t believe this has happened.”
“Quit worrying.” Micah hugged him, inhaling the comforting scent of his cologne. “I love you.”
She followed him through the swinging door into the further recesses of the basement, where he entered a small, windowless room. A box was open on the floor in front of a wall of filled bookshelves. There were two armchairs against the other wall, separated by a small table and illuminated brass lamp.
“I don’t know why I wanted to open this,” Garrett said excitedly. “I wasn’t even going to come in this room tonight. But I just had this crazy feeling…” He picked up a leather-bound book from the floor and put it in Micah’s hands.
The cover was old, the leather peeling away from the cloth inside. There was nothing but a date on the front, gold-embossed—1868. Micah sat in one of the chairs, ignoring the cloud of dust that drifted up around her.
The first page was faded, the ink yellowed with time. A lilting script declared “General Benjamin W. Jones and Mrs. Adele Langley Jones, with their daughter Beverly, 1868.” Turning the page, Micah landed on an old black-and-white photograph.
A dour, older man with dazzling white hair stood military-straight over a seated woman with the kind of breathtaking beauty that belonged in a magazine. On her knee sat a smiling young girl with a round face and laughing eyes.
Micah turned a quizzical look to her husband. “A photo album.”
“Better,” he said, turning the page. He tapped an image of Bowridge, the edges of the photo burnt and blackened. Beneath it, the same flowery script declared “Bowridge upon purchase, January 10th, 1868.”
Micah turned another page and found an image of the daughter on the covered porch, her chubby legs on tip-toe as she peered out the window. “She’s young here. What do you think? Five?”
Garrett nodded. “Yeah, that was my guess.”
“They look so happy. Well”—Micah laughed—“Mrs. Jones and Beverly do. The general is… um… sour.”
Garrett laughed.
Micah flipped through half the book, and then the pictures just ended at a final photo of Beverly sitting on the wicker chair on the covered porch.
“They stop.”
“And look…” Garrett tugged a stack of papers from inside the box, handing them over.
It was a certificate of sale for November 1868. “They only lived here for ten months?”
“Looks that way. I tried to find out what happened. If they moved away. But there’s nothing. The house traded into the Ness family.”
“My family,” Micah mused. She traced the profile of the little girl in her last picture at Bowridge. “I wonder what her story is.”
Garrett took the album from her, setting it gently on top of the box before he offered her his hands. “Come on. I’ll tuck you in with a fresh bag of ice.”
*
She sat, silent in her worries. She had dreaded leaving her father alone; he had been married to her mother for so long that he could hardly care for himself. But she missed her daughter.
The carriage trundled through the city, the familiar sights easing her nerves. She tugged at her high-necked dress; the heat was nearly unendurable. If it weren’t for Benjamin’s assignment to Savannah, they never would have left the more agreeable climate in the north.
A smile broke out over her face as she drew near to Bowridge. Home. She couldn’t wait to see her family, to feel the embrace of her husband and the tiny hands of her daughter.
To forget the pain of her mother’s passing.
*
Micah’s eyes opened to the dark night and a steady patter of rain on the window. She lay still on her back, Garrett’s hand resting on her stomach as he slept.
The dream had seemed so vivid, so real. She’d been in the carriage. She felt the cobblestones beneath the wheels, jolting and uncomfortable. She had heard the clip-clop of hooves, the calls of passers-by outside the open window. The smell of southern magnolia.
Was she channeling Adele Jones? The simple but telling images in the Jones’ family album had haunted Micah all evening, preoccupying her mind through a spaghetti dinner prepared by a guilty Garrett, and through a late-night movie with Elliott. Maybe her mind had latched onto Adele—a young woman with a young child.
It had just felt so damn real.
With a sigh, Micah turned over and closed her eyes to go back to sleep, but she snapped them open a moment later when Sticks’s growl ripped through the room.
Micah sat up, rubbing her eyes as she searched for his shadow on the floor. She was surprised to find his silhouette standing at the door to the covered patio—a door that was standing wide open, though it had been closed and locked at bedtime.
She swiveled on her bottom and got out of bed, drawn by Sticks’s low growl like a moth to its demise. She wiped her sweaty palms on her nightgown.
Sticks’s hackles were raised, his four legs planted firmly on the hardwood floor and his nose pointed out through the doorway.
Micah didn’t want to look. She didn’t want to see a ghostly Adele Langley Jones or General Benjamin on the porch, returned to Bowridge in death. But she was drawn to the porch, unable to stop her forward momentum.
She gasped as the porch came into view. A small blonde figure sat primly in the chair, her back to the doorway.
Micah crossed the threshold. “Elliott?” she asked in a low voice, slowly walking up to the chair.
But the face that turned to look at her wasn’t her daughter’s. A face more than a century old peered up at Micah—the face of Beverly Jones.
“May I go play, Mother?” The voice echoed as if it were two different voices combined.
Heart racing, Micah stepped backwards, riveted by the face of a long-dead child. Beverly lifted a hand to point at the window. No, beyond the window. Micah followed her fingertip.
In the park across the street, lit by flickering torches she’d never seen before, a group of children played.
Micah turned back to Beverly to find the girl watching her. The child’s face flickered—a brief image of Elliott shone through, and Micah screamed.
All at once, Beverly faded, leaving a confused Elliott sitting in the chair in her supernatural wake. Elliott reached for Micah. “Momma? Was I sleepwalking?”
Micah fainted.
*
She mounted the steps at Bowridge, her heart singing at the thought of Beverly waiting for her on the other side of the door. Her daughter was her everything; the two weeks Adele had spent away at her parents’ home had felt like a lifetime.
Adele’s key clicked in the lock, and she opened the door. “Beverly? Mother’s home.” She stepped inside, listening for the shuffling run of her five-year-old daughter as she shut and locked the door.
The house was entirely too hot. Adele yearned for the colder north as she opened the front window in the living room in an attempt to circulate some air.
Benjamin appeared in the archway, a smile flitting across his face beneath his bushy white beard. Adele offered him a chaste kiss. “My husband,” she greeted him. “Where is Beverly?”
Her husband’s face darkened. “Beverly sneaked from the house again to play with the…riffraff next door. I punished her by making her sit on the porch to watch them play.”
“Oh, Benjamin.” Adele sighed. “You really must learn to rein in your temper. She is only a child.”
“She must learn early to obey me,” he boomed. “Lest she not obey her future husband.”
Adele bit her tongue. Arguing would do no good. Her husband was arrogant. He always would be.
“Instruct Cook to start dinner,” Adele told him. “Beverly and I will meet you in the dining room shortly.”
Adele walked into her bedroom, tugging her traveling gloves from her hands. “Beverly? Dearest one, I am home.”
She paused as she tucked her gloves into the drawer of her bureau. No reply was forthcoming from the porch. “Beverly?” she called, heading for the door.
Her daughter’s head rested on the back of her favorite wicker chair. Adele smiled. The chit had fallen asleep! She clicked over the concrete floor and gazed down at her daughter lovingly.
The breath caught in Adele’s throat. Beverly’s eyes were wide open, glassy and unseeing.
*
Micah was unsure when dreams became reality. It was dark outside the bedroom window. Garrett wasn’t in bed beside her. The bathroom spilled warm yellow light into the room.
Adele felt as if she were imprinted on Micah’s senses. Panic gripped her at the memory of Beverly’s dead eyes. Beverly? Or Elliott?
The covered porch was hot, still filled with the heat of the day. Tears pricked Micah’s eyes as she saw the small blonde figure upon the wicker chair.
It was Elliott. Her body lay limp exactly as Beverly Jones had died, and her pale blue eyes stared out over the park forever.
*
Micah’s limbs were numb. She felt her way down the staircase one foot at a time. She trailed her fingertips along the wall but didn’t feel it.
Garrett was walking past the steps on his way to the basement stairs when he noticed her ghosting down. “Micah? Honey, what are you doing out of bed?” He came to meet her, gently taking her hands. “You had a nasty fall on the porch. You scared Elliott half to death. You should be resting.”
Micah resisted as he attempted to steer her back up the stairs. She jerked from his grasp and backed away down the hallway. “Beverly is dead.”
Garrett stiffened. He walked away from her, a tight, controlled gait. “That can’t be. I must check with Aida about dinner.” 
“How long was she on the porch, Benjamin?” Micah shrieked, advancing on her husband.
Garrett spun around, his back to the basement staircase as his eyes hardened. “No daughter of mine will consort with lower classes.”
“She shall never consort with anyone ever again. You have murdered our daughter with your hubris.” Micah ended the statement on a primal yell, one borne of anger, hate, and grief. She rushed at Garrett, both hands connecting with his solid chest.
He wheeled backwards, his eyes registering his imminent accident, and then he tumbled down the steps.
The ensuing silence rang in Micah’s ears. She waited a moment before she stepped forward and gazed down. Garrett…no, Benjamin… Her husband lay prone on the black-and-white floor, blood oozing from beneath his head. His eyes were closed, his limbs splayed.
The numbness returned. First her mother—wait, I just spoke to Jean earlier today about her visit, she isn’t dead—then her daughter…and now, she’d killed her husband.
Micah returned to the third floor and the safe haven of her marital bedroom. She wanted to see her daughter one last time, but the very idea of going back out to the porch and seeing Elliott’s beautiful eyes… A sob wrenched her body.
She slid the sash up on the front window. The Georgia night was cool—A cool night wouldn’t have killed my daughter. Only a hot night. Hot.—and breezy. Tears slid down her cheeks as Micah leaned out over the street.
A flash—this is the window where the water-stained face is—and Micah put one leg out the window.
Micah, wake up.
OhmyGod, Micah NO!
Her torso was through now. Micah struggled to the surface, struggled against the influence of Adele, but it was a losing battle. Adele’s anguish was too strong.
If I cannot have my child…you shall not have yours either.
Micah tried to hold on, but her fingers let go, and she began to fall.
She didn’t even scream.
*
“Welcome, Mr. and Mrs. Coleman!” Janet Kramer held out a hand, first to the prim and proper Missus, and then to the stout but sweetly smiling Mister. She knelt before the small girl clinging to her mother’s hand. “And you must be Kate! It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
Kate smiled shyly. “Hi.”
Janet stood, tucking her clipboard against her elbow as she grinned at the couple. “You will simply love this house, Mrs. Coleman. It is exactly what you were hoping for when we began searching for your perfect southern mansion.”
Mrs. Coleman stared up at the hulking monstrosity. Even beneath the September sun, it seemed dark and menacing. “I don’t know, Janet. Isn’t it… a little run down?”
“Nonsense,” Janet replied. “The former family did quite a bit of clean-up on it, so it’s rather lovely inside. If you’ll follow me.” She mounted the crumbling front steps. “The outside does need a little work, of course. You can see how the concrete façade has a bit of weather damage.”
“An easy fix,” Mr. Coleman said with a succinct nod.
Inside, Janet showed them through the living room and dining rooms, pointing out the staircase to the basement before she led them upstairs.
“This bedroom here at the end of the hall makes a lovely little girl’s room, what with the pink-and-white striped wallpaper. I envision ruffles and teddy bears every time I see it.” Janet tittered.
“It is lovely,” Mrs. Coleman agreed. “What do you think, Kate?”
But the little girl was nowhere to be found.
“Kate?” Mrs. Coleman’s heart skipped a beat. The house was so large and unfamiliar…
They found six-year-old Kate standing on the covered porch.
“What are you doing, dear?” Mrs. Coleman asked, crossing the porch to gaze out over the peaceful street. Across the way, a group of kids clambered about the playground.
“Can you see them?” Kate asked.
Her mother smiled indulgently. “Yes, of course.”
Kate’s pretty face turned up to her beseechingly. “May I go play?”

Join My Mailing List
Stay up to date with Heather’s new releases, including the rest of the Old Houses series, by joining her MAILING LIST. Or here: heathermarieadkins.com/mailinglist.html. She only sends out an email when she has a new release. Newsletter subscribers receive exclusive information about upcoming books, events, and giveaways, as well as the chance to win an ebook in every letter!
Did you enjoy May I Go Play? Tell the world! Please consider leaving a review where you bought it, even if it’s only an informal line or two. Reviews are crucial to an author’s success in this digital world, so your support and generosity would be MUCH appreciated!
Did you know Heather will send you a gift for every three (3) reviews you write? Contact her at heather@heathermarieadkins.com or join her Facebook group, Books by Heather Marie Adkins, for more info.
Turn the page for a sneak peek at the first novel in the Old Houses series, THE HOUSE!
The House
All Susan Owens wants after getting her Master’s degree is to take a break. Instead, she’s dragged into helping her family of eight move across the country to her grandma’s ancestral home in Florida.
The old house is a mess that goes beyond the aesthetic. Some of Susan’s ancestors aren’t really “gone,” and they’re determined to act out their anger.
Along with her occult-obssessed sister, and a too-cute-to-be-true neighbor sending mixed signals, Susan takes up her grandmother’s search for a way to save the house.
If she can’t save the family home, Susan can at least hope her family makes it out alive.
Chapter 1
The door was falling off its hinges and the house looked like something out of a B-horror movie, but my parents wanted to keep it. I couldn’t seem to wrap my head around the concept.
Granted, hinges were an easy fix. A little putty here, a new bracket there, and we’d have a door that swung back and forth the way it was supposed to with a minimum of horror-movie creaking. 
I suppose the thing that bothered me the most was how the whole structure, door included, seemed covered in viscous, sinister darkness.
It was a bright day as we stood outside on the concrete driveway beneath the relentless Florida sun. My oversized sunglasses could barely keep out the rays, but the two-and-a-half story, hulking monstrosity was as dark as a castle on the moors at night. It was more like we were standing in front of The Haunted Mansion in the middle of happy-go-lucky Disney World; the structure shouldn’t have been as foreboding.
Peach shutters and monstrous white columns framing the porch couldn’t make the place look happy. Not even the colorful beds of tickseed, elephant ears, canna lilies, and amaranth flowers, nor the crisp look of the sunshine darting off the old-fashioned, bottle-glass windows helped much. The house tried for “home” but it failed. 
Miserably.
And we were supposed to live here?
“So, what do you think, love?” my mother asked. Liz Owens, ex-college professor, now homemaker, ran a hand over the back of her neck, and then frowned at her sweaty palm. “Neoclassical?”
My dad, Tim, pursed his lips and squinted, as if that could help him think better. “Don’t know. Looks more Georgian.”
“Georgians don’t have columns,” Mom argued.
Yeah, my parents are architecture nerds.
Their conversation became muted as they disappeared inside the creepy front door, leaving me and my gaggle of five siblings on the driveway.
Matt, one of my fourteen-year-old brothers, pushed Sam, his twin, onto the lawn. With a short bark of laughter, Matt scurried inside after my parents, shouting, “Last one in’s a loser!” 
He was trailed quickly thereafter by the baby of our family, nine-year-old Camille, her tiny form shooting through the doorframe followed by her shout, “Ohmygawd, a STAIRCASE!”
I grabbed Sam by his shirt and hauled him to his feet, but he shoved me away and streaked into the house to inflict bodily harm on his twin.
“I must be adopted,” I told Rachel, straightening my shirt.
My eighteen-year-old sister shoved her Harry Potter-esque glasses up her nose and smirked. “You’re not the one with red hair. Clearly, I’m the milkman’s kid.”
Isabella, sixteen and sulky, pushed past us, skinny hips swishing as she mounted the steps. “If anyone was adopted, it’s Matt and Sam. They’re boys.”
Inside, my brothers’ heavy footsteps echoed off the floorboards, punctuated by “Whoa!” and “Hey, come ‘ere!” I rolled my eyes, and motioned for Rachel to precede me up the steps.
This was the first time my brothers and sisters had ever seen the house where our grandmother grew up and spent the last years of her life; for me, only vague memories remained of the place. I was twenty-four now. Almost twenty years had passed since I last visited.
I stood on the lawn and stared up. Neoclassical or Georgian, whatever, under the dilapidation, there were signs it could be a beautiful house with a little TLC. It was a brick A-frame with a large front porch shaded by four classic columns. A covered porch jutted off of one side, and a screened room off the other. The windows were symmetrically spaced and suspiciously resembled eyeballs. It felt like the house was watching me from those dark, gaping sockets. 
It was a real, live mansion, and it was our new home.
I stopped before stepping across the threshold and pressed a hand to the cool, stained glass that lined the wall to the right of the door. It was smooth where it looked rough, textured where it looked smooth. Red, green, and yellow glass waved across the glass like the surface of the ocean under a thunderstorm. I thought it was lovely, like an abstract painting.
Cam skidded into view in the foyer, and then grinned broadly when she saw me in the doorway. She bounced on the tip of her toes. “Ohmygawd, Susan. Matt touched a curtain in the fancy sitting room and it fell on him. There’s dust everywhere. Come see!”
I laughed. “I mean, I know we can’t take them out in public, but seriously. They’re already destroying the new house?”
Cam cackled and disappeared again.
Before stepping inside the house I paused, my attention caught by a flash of color on the porch. To my left, propped against a large, concrete planter covered in peeling white paint, was a bundle of fresh flowers.
I walked closer, my forehead crinkling. Daisies. White daisies. I knew for a fact they were my grandmother’s favorite because they were mine, too. The bundle of a dozen was securely fastened by a dark purple ribbon, the frayed edges of which trailed over the warped porch boards—beauty on decay.
Odd.
“Susan? Sweetheart, are you coming?” Mom’s voice drifted from somewhere within the house.
“Yeah!” I called back, shooting one last look at the flowers. Leaving them where they were, I went inside.
The first thing I noticed when I stepped through the heavy wooden doorway was the way the late afternoon sunlight splashed brilliant colors through the stained glass and across the oak floors. I turned to get the full effect—the glass was aglow. It lit the entrance hall like a hallowed chapel. It was beautiful and so very different from our old house. For a minute, I was almost happy to be moving here.
Then I turned and eyed the foyer. The place felt as empty and unloved as a crumbling, abandoned abbey.
A grand stairway curved up the right wall, the deep brown of the banister worn smooth from use and the steps sagging in the middle with the weight of time. At the top of the staircase, a long, thin window was alight with sunshine over a landing that promptly turned one-hundred-and-eighty degrees to continue upstairs. The foyer before me continued under the overhead landing through a single, arched doorway that led into darker recesses of the house. I could hear my family—Dad’s squeaking sneakers and the prissy tip-tap of Mom’s heels over the twins’ shuffles. Rachel and Izzy were already arguing. Big surprise. 
I let the door shut with a heavy thud behind me, and the house fell into a near-reverential silence.
The front hall was small but ornate, with walls of pale wainscoting beneath navy blue and gold wallpaper that felt like cloth beneath my fingertips. The ceiling was high and hung with a simple brass chandelier. I flicked the heavy switch on the wall and the globes illuminated. The dim light dispelled few of the shadows.
I had the urge to touch everything, morphing back into the little girl I was when I spent those brief summer visits with Granny and my great-grandparents. Nothing about the house was familiar, no matter how hard I reached for dusty memories. I ran a palm over the white wicker telephone table to the left of the front door, and picked up the receiver of the old-fashioned rotary phone, pressing it to my ear. I listened to the steady dial tone for a moment before replacing the handset.
A pair of French double doors led off to the left into a large, open living room. I fumbled blindly on the wall in the darkness until my fingers connected with the light switch, and then flicked it. The same wallpaper covered the walls, and heavy mauve draperies covered three floor-to-ceiling windows along the front of the house. A stone fireplace dominated the outside wall; it was black with soot, and several charred logs still rested on the andirons above gray river rock. Picture frames lined the mantel, dusty memories of my family—I recognized my grandmother in many, although she was young and different from the woman I had known.
“What do you think?” Rachel passed through the room, clutching her paperback to her chest with one elbow as she pulled her wild red hair into a ponytail.
“I think it feels like trespassing.”
“Why?”
I nodded to the worn oak end table. Sitting perfectly centered on a cork coaster, an open can of Coca-Cola gathered dust. “When do you think Granny opened that? A day before she died? A week?”
Rachel stood over the table, face unreadable. “Oh.”
“Granny’s ghost is here.”
“Not literally,” Rachel murmured.
“No. Well, not what I meant, anyway.” 
Without another word, my sister drifted from the room, and I turned back to the sitting area. The couch faced the fireplace and it oozed relaxation after eighteen hours on the road. I had a flash of memory: I sat on that pink, floral pattern eating popsicles made out of cherry Kool-Aid while playing Scrabble with my cousin, Beth. We hadn’t been the neatest of eaters; red droplets splattered the letter tiles, and Granny had made us wash them when we were done. In the present, the sticky liquid was phantom-like on my hands
I crossed the creaky hardwood and settled onto a cushion. It sank like the much-loved piece of furniture it was, and I lay my head back, closing my eyes and inhaling the scent of eucalyptus.
“Susan? Hon? You in there?” 
I cracked open an eye. My mom’s silhouette floated in the illuminated doorway to my right, where I caught sight of a corner of the dining room table. Her springtime dress was the same yellow as sunflowers, belted at her tiny waist with a fuchsia ribbon. She tapped over in her red high heels. “Darling? Are you okay?”
I smiled, reveling in the fine lines at the corners of her eyes and mouth. Her bobbed chestnut hair framed a long, angular face and highlighted the deep blue of her eyes. The beauty she’d carried her entire life had only matured over time. 
Everyone who knew my mom and me said I looked just like her. My hair is a little longer, and I usually wear it up, plus I’m curvier, thanks to Dad’s genes. It was hard for me to believe I was as pretty as my mom, but I always took it as a compliment.
“That’s unsightly, don’t you think?” I asked her, pointing at an exposed pipe high up in the corner of the room. It jutted from the wall and disappeared through the ceiling. 
My mother laughed. “It’s some kind of flue. Probably for the kitchen. You’re evading my question.”
I shrugged. “Yeah, Momma, I’m fine. Just thinking of Granny.”
Mom leaned over and brushed a lock of my long, dark brown hair from eyes. “Mmm. I miss her too, baby. Why don’t you come see the rest of the house? I can’t imagine you remember too much, you were only six the last time we were here.”
Heaving myself from the plush cushions, I followed her from the room.
In the foyer, Matt and Sam flanked Dad at the bottom of the stairs. All three were staring intently at the floor, hands shoved in pockets and hips cocked to the left. The similar postures were eerie considering Dad had like eighty pounds over each of my brothers.
Camille flew out of nowhere and threw herself dramatically around my hips. “See that? Dad says it’s bloooood.” She drew out the word like it was a mythological piece of nonsense. 
Knowing my father, it could have been. He was known for spouting tall tales to scare/impress/embarrass his children.
I stared down at Cam. She had recently begged for a boy’s haircut, and my mother had eventually consented. Now my sister’s long hair was replaced by a shorn brown cap. With the flat chest of pre-pubescence, my beautiful baby sister could now pass for boy.
“I doubt it’s blood,” I answered her, hugging her skinny shoulders to my abdomen. I dragged her the last few feet to where Dad stood.
He furrowed his bushy gray eyebrows at the stain on the floor and shook his head. “Someone must have spilled something. Wine, maybe. I remember a cellar.” 
“It does look a little like blood,” I murmured. The nasty, rust-colored stain spread in a circular arc on an otherwise pristine hardwood floor. 
“Cool,” Matt said at the same time Sam muttered, “Gross.”
“It’s not blood.” Dad put his hands on his substantial hips and frowned. In the dim light that filtered through the window on the second floor landing, the stain looked particularly foreboding.
Mom sighed. “We’ll throw down a rug. It’s probably just wine like you said, Tom. Mother always had a thing for a glass of Merlot. Where are the girls?”
Dad cocked his graying head at the stairs. “They went up.”
Matt bumped me affectionately with his shoulder as we mounted the stairs. At fourteen, the twins were already taller than me. Their bodies were as long and thin as overextended Stretch Armstrong dolls, topped with shaggy black hair and penetrating dark eyes. I tried really hard not to think of them as men; it was weird enough that they were already shaving.
At the top of the stairs, the Florida sun shone warmly through the six-foot window so that sunlight touched all corners of the foyer. A left turn put us up another short flight of steps—lined with portraits of dour ladies in severe black dresses and men with ridiculously high, white collars—there’s no way we were going to keep those things up—and we continued to the second floor. 
A long, straight hallway stretched to the left and right, lined with oriental rugs so worn from use that the colors had faded beyond recognition. I trailed fingers down the creamy, textured walls, following the parade of parents, twins, and Cam, and absently wondering how many bedrooms the ancient house held. 
I hoped there would be enough for all of us. At twenty-four, I was definitely old enough to be living on my own and caring for myself, but I had spent the previous six years in college getting my Master’s degree. Mom and Dad supported me while I went to school, so when they told me they were planning on moving into Granny’s old house in Florida, I hadn’t yet saved enough money to live alone. Which was why I ended up hauling my stuff cross-country with nothing but a prayer that once we settled in, I could find a job. But, I certainly did not plan on sharing a room with any of my younger sisters. 
Or, God forbid, my brothers.
Izzy stood in the doorway of a small bedroom at the end of the hall, thin arms wrapped over her chest. One lock of her platinum-dyed blonde fauxhawk fell over her cheek as her dark eyes stared at the ceiling. The brunette fuzz on either side of her head contrasted deeply to the bottle-peroxide.
“Darling?” Mom asked gently, shaking her shoulder. 
Izzy jumped, accidentally landing on my foot in her thick-soled combat boots. 
I yelped and hopped away in a haze of stabbing pain. I shoved her. “Jesus, Izzy! Watch what you’re doing.”
“Sorry.” She gazed at me with a weird mixture of apology and…what was she afraid of?
“Iz? What’s the matter?” I grabbed her wrist and stared uneasily into her eyes. She was shaking.
“There’s something up there.” Her breathy voice was barely discernible as Matt and Sam bickered behind us. At her gesture, I looked up at the ceiling in the bedroom, where an attic door was set in the plaster. “I heard voices.”
“What’s that?” Camille asked, tugging on Mom’s dress.
I stepped around Izzy and into the room, its warm, green walls like a cocoon around me. It was small—barely big enough for the old fashioned twin bed in the corner and the single dresser. A white ladder was built into the wall beside the single, warped glass window to the right of the bed. I tilted an ear towards the ceiling.
“I don’t hear anything, Iz,” I called to my sister over my shoulder.
“There were voices…and…” she trailed off. “Clanking.”
“You probably just heard the wind, darling.” Mom sighed, pressing the fingers of one slender hand to her forehead. “Come on, we need to count bedrooms and figure out how many we have. If I remember correctly, there are only five.”
Only five. Damn. There would definitely be some doubling up. Mom and Dad plus six kids? Ugh. 
I stayed in the room as my parents and siblings disbanded in the hallway. Their voices grew distant, and heavy feet pounded down the stairs. I was alone in the small, cool room. 
I wandered closer to the ladder and laid my hands on the metal. It was cold and the reverberation of my touch made an audible humming sound. I stared intently at the door in the ceiling, wondering what it was my sister heard.
Nothing.
“What are you doing?” Rachel’s voice floated into the room, startling me. She stood in the doorway with her book tucked under one arm and an inhaler in the palm of her other hand. She took a couple of deep breaths from it, her chest rising and falling. Her round glasses reflected the sunlight coming through the window so that I couldn’t see her eyes. Her brilliant red hair was a halo of curls around her face, already spilling from her earlier ponytail.
“Just looking.” Tucking my arm through hers, and with a backwards glance at the empty bedroom, we ran to catch up with the rest of the family.
Chapter 2
“Five rooms, troops,” Dad’s voice boomed in the kitchen, bouncing off the stone floor as if he were using an amplifier.
The kitchen was by far my favorite room in the house. It was painted in warm shades of orange and rust, and the cabinets were inlaid with glass panes to showcase all of Granny’s beautiful dishes. Double glass doors led to the backyard where the sun was thinking about setting.
The small, pale oak table only had four chairs, and the twins and Mom sat in three of them. I tapped Izzy on the arm, and she slid over to make room for me on her chair.
Dad met our eyes one by one as he said, “One room for Mom and me leaves four for you guys. That’s four of you rooming up. I vote Susan, as the oldest, is allowed her own room.” 
There was a chorus of groans and “Aw, come on!”. I preened and fought the urge to throw myself on his feet in gratitude. “Thanks, Dad.”
“I want to room with Izzy,” Rachel murmured without looking up. She was propped against the granite counter with her nose in her latest thriller novel. 
Izzy nodded glumly beside me. Back home in Kentucky, she’d had to share with Camille, so I knew it was a tough pill for the sixteen-year-old to swallow that she would have to share again. 
Hell, we all had to share at some point. Before I left for school, I shared a room with Rachel. Teenage years are such a private, volatile time. Having a little sister underfoot isn’t easy. But I knew neither teenager wanted to room with the kid sister, either.
“Of course, the twins will room together,” Mom said, nodding at Matt and Sam.
They nodded in agreement, freakishly identical motions only made weirder by devious grins on their freckled faces.
“Camille—are you okay with sleeping alone, sweetie?” Mom turned her gaze to Cam.
“Yep!” Cam didn’t take her eyes from the Nintendo DS in her hands, where a dog barked from the speakers. She would probably line her stuffed animals up around the perimeter of the room and call it a fort. The kid was weird.
I was startled by a loud trill from Dad’s pocket. The man was legally deaf in one ear, so he really needed a hearing aid but was too stubborn to get one. He dug out his cell phone and answered with a loud, “Hello?”
“You’re still freaked,” I murmured to Izzy, leaning against her. Her bare arm was warm on my own.
“I know what I heard,” she whispered back. “There were voices.”
I opened my mouth to respond, but was interrupted by a jarring blast of thunder that shook the walls. Izzy jumped and almost landed in my lap, her skinny arms wrapping around my bicep.
“What? Why?” Dad barked, perturbed. He listened for a moment, one hand leaning on the table. Finally, he sighed. “I understand. Thank you.” He flipped his phone shut and sighed, rubbing the irritated squiggle line between his eyebrows. “Moving truck won’t be here until the morning.”
Mom rested her elbows on the tabletop with a groan. There was exhaustion etched in the dark circles beneath her eyes. “Why?” 
“Storms.” Dad shrugged. He wandered over to the French doors, hands clasped behind his back as he looked to the west. “Driver said it’s headed this way. They pulled off the highway in Georgia.”
“At least we have furniture,” I pointed out, leaning back in the seat. My butt was hanging half off the chair, and it wasn’t very comfy. “Beds and such. We can go without our pajamas for one night, right?”
“We can sleep naked!” Matt and Sam chorused.
Mom rolled her eyes and looked pointedly at Dad.
He chuckled. “Boys, sleep in your boxers. At least if only for the sake of the rest of us.” His statement was highlighted by another rumble from the sky.
Silence fell, and we all turned to the glass doors. Black clouds rolled towards us from the horizon, thick and daunting. We came from the outskirts of Tornado Alley, so one would think we’d be used to this kind of weather.
But there was something about this storm. This house. I shivered.
“We should get our stuff out of the car before the sky opens,” Rachel suggested, turning the corner of a page down in her novel and closing it.
A closer crash of thunder startled us into motion.
*
As the baby, Mom wanted Cam’s room close to hers, so I got the smallest of the selection. It happened to be the one with the attic door. 
I stared at the strange white door in the ceiling and thought of Izzy’s adamant claims that she’d heard something up there. I wasn’t sure what to think about it. With the storm coming in and the strange creaks and groans of an old house, there could have been any number of explanations. Definitely nothing weird, though.
The sage-green walls, clean and bright when the sun was out, looked dingy in the growing twilight of the storm. I ran a finger down the paint—my skin felt like it should come away unclean. There was a tall dresser against the wall to the left of the door and a closet in the right wall. Small and simple. Like me.
I stepped over to the ladder and wrapped one hand around a rung. It was cold, white metal, and it rang hollow like a pipe. I eyed the horizontal slabs of white that marked the attic door.
The paint was cracked, revealing pale, scarred wood. It was easily almost ninety degrees outside, but I could feel a draft push down between the boards. It sent a chill through me, and I tried not to think of what Izzy could have heard. 
If we had bats, I’d die.
I dropped my duffel bag onto the knitted white coverlet. The entire bed shook under its weight, and seriously, there wasn’t that much in there. Which meant the bed wasn’t in the best condition and would probably collapse beneath me during the night. 
Dislike.
I unzipped the bag and started pulling out my belongings in the hope that unpacking might make me feel a little at home. The four paperbacks got stacked on my nightstand, and I threw my favorite stuffed teddy bear on the pillow. I changed out of my blue jeans and into the pink-and-white candy-striped shorts I’d brought from home, and then shrugged off my button-up shirt. Tossing the bag to the floor at the foot of the bed, I gingerly crawled beneath the covers.
The storm had really kicked up outside as I settled into bed and opened my current read. Intermittent rumbles of thunder and lightning illuminated the room through the curtains and shook the walls like some kind of movie magic. I angled the lampshade on the bedside lamp for optimum light; it made me feel a little safer.
I had only managed a few paragraphs into the mystery novel when I noticed a steady scratching sound. I glanced up and around the dusky room, brow knitted. What the hell was that? It sounded like a dog’s claws on the floor, but thanks to Dad and Rachel’s rampant allergies, that was impossible.
I shoved back the covers and stood up, hesitating. Izzy’s voice flashed through my head—I know what I heard. There were voices.—and I realized maybe I didn’t want to find out what was scratching in my bedroom.
How asinine. I chuckled, shaking my head. I couldn’t let my little sister’s overactive imagination scare me.
I wandered towards the wall, my teeth worrying at my bottom lip as I cocked my head towards the sound. The scratching led me to the window next to the ladder.
An old pine tree grew close to the house just outside the glass. Its long limbs were brushing against my bedroom window with every gust of wind. I laughed out loud, more relieved than I probably should have been. 
Back in bed, I got used to the sound of the window being scratched by nearby branches. The rain poured, which did a little to block the sound, but it also made my eyes heavy. I sank against the pillow and fought to keep them open as I read.
I must have dozed with my book in hand, because I shot awake sometime later. The paperback had ended up on the floor, and my fingertips dangled above it. The small lamp was still lit, but it was so dark and nasty outside that the shadows stretched through my room.
Groggy and disoriented, I pushed myself to my elbows, trying to pinpoint what had awakened me.
The rain still poured and the tree still tapped at the window. I sat up and gazed around the small space.
Then I heard it.
Moans. From above.
What the…
My skin chilled beneath the coverlet. I slowly lifted my eyes to the attic door.
It could have been the wind, rushing through the uppermost eaves of the house. Old houses have a lot of quirks, and Granny’s place was no exception. If I hadn’t known any better, I would have sworn I could hear the murmur of voices above me.
Not possible.
I threw back the covers and swiveled to put my feet to the floor. The room had cooled significantly, and goose bumps popped up on my arms. For the second time that night, I tried to hear past the storm, my ear pointed towards the ceiling.
What had first sounded like moans now sounded like… singing?
Maybe my bravery stemmed from the fact that I was still caught somewhere between sleeping and waking, but I stood, crossed to the ladder, and mounted it, determined to open the door and see what was up there. Probably a freaking hole in the roof—just what we needed with Dad laid off.
I’d only ascended a few rungs when the moans intensified. Loud, painful groans that were too loud and too irregular to explain away as sounds of the storm.
Shit! I scrambled off the ladder, landing hard on my feet. Pain shot up my heels and the momentum threw me to my butt. I caught myself on my palms and crab-walked away from the attic door. My heart pounded.
Almost as immediately as it started, the sounds stopped. So did the storm.
In the split second of eerie silence, a scream issued from the attic. 
I don’t even remember getting to my feet, but I ran into Dad in the hallway, bouncing off his soft chest in the dark. 
He gripped my arms, steadying me. His eyes glittered in the dark hallway as he tried to make out which child he’d almost run over. “Susan Nora Owens! You scared the life out of me. Are you okay? Why’d you scream?”
“It wasn’t me,” I said, pointing back at my room. The light from my lamp slanted on the hallway floor. “I think there’s someone in the attic.”
Dad rolled his eyes and rubbed his hands vigorously over his bald patch. “Sue, there’s no way anyone could get into the attic.”
I wrapped my arms around myself, cold in my tank top. I might have pouted. “I heard moans. And even you heard someone scream.”
With a sigh, he stepped around me and headed for my room, his plaid flannel pajama pants swishing. “I’ll take a look. It’s going to be the wind, and you’re going to feel silly.”
“Whatever, Dad, I know what I heard,” I sighed back, echoing Izzy. It irritated me when my father acted so know-it-all. It was a problem because he had passed it down to the rest of us.
Izzy and Rachel poked their heads from their bedroom as I passed, sleep in their eyes. “What’s going on?” Izzy said groggily.
“I don’t know,” I answered with a shrug, and then stepped back through my bedroom door.
Dad was already mounting the ladder when I entered. His body seemed a bit too large for the flimsy metal pipes. Mom had him on a low-carb thing, though he hadn’t yet figured it out. It was just a matter of time until he realized she’d stopped making homemade bread. 
“Dad, be careful,” I told him. “That doesn’t look too sturdy.”
“He’s going to hurt himself,” Rachel said from behind me as she entered the room. She plopped down on my bed, adjusting the glasses on her nose, and tucked her long, pale legs underneath her like a pretzel.
“I am not,” Dad huffed as he reached the top of the ladder. 
Another rumble of thunder sounded in the distance. I hoped it was the storm leaving, not another coming in. I was creeped out enough as it was.
I felt Izzy draw up beside me and glanced over at her. She had braided her fauxhawk patch of blonde hair, and there was a deer-in-the-headlights glow to her face.
“Are you okay?” I asked softly.
She shook her head. “Something’s wrong with this house.”
“It’s just a house. Our grandmother’s house,” I reminded her.
“A house she lived in for only, like, twenty of her eighty years even though it’s belonged to her family forever,” Rachel cut in, picking up my teddy bear and waving an arm at us.
“Really?” Izzy wrinkled her nose. “Why?”
I shrugged. 
“Because something’s wrong with it,” Izzy shot back. She might as well have said I-told-you-so.
The loud clunk of the attic door startled us, and we turned back to Dad as he grasped the heavy iron handle and pushed.
A draft rushed down from the ceiling, blowing my hair back from my face. It was frigid. I could hear the wind a lot better without the insulation of the door.
Dad’s head disappeared into the dark rectangle. “Sue? Get me a light, will you?”
“I’ll do it,” Izzy murmured, fleeing.
“What do you see, Dad?” Rachel called, scooting to the end of my bed for a better look. I found myself rooted to the floor right inside the room, fearful of going any closer.
“Can’t see anything yet. Iz? Where’s that flashlight?” he yelled, his head ducking back down so he could peer out over the bedroom.
Izzy rushed back into the room and offered the flashlight up to him. “Here.”
Dad heaved his body up through the hole in the ceiling, the beam of the flashlight dancing through the opening until it disappeared. I stood in silence, my face to the attic door as I waited with my sisters.
There were a few moments of silence, then my father’s awed murmur came from the abyss above us. “Dear God in heaven.”
Chapter 3
Okay, so I’m a little bit of a wuss. 
I backed towards the door, ready to make a grand escape if Dad started screaming, while Izzy high-tailed it from the room.
Rachel was the first up the ladder, her ‘nosy’ bell ringing. “Oh,” she said, her feet still on the top-most rungs and her head through the gaping hole. “Wow.”
“What is it?” I asked, inching closer.
She pushed herself through the hole without answering, one more family member disappearing into the nothingness beyond the ceiling.
From just outside the doorway, Izzy sighed—a little noise that sounded like, “Crazy.”
“Sue, you gotta see this.” Rachel’s voice was muffled. 
Fighting off the shudders, I mounted the ladder.
It was terribly cold—definitely more so than it should have been in a Floridian attic in mid-June. I pulled myself through the attic door and slid on my butt across the dusty floor, shivering. “Why is it so frigid?”
“Your guess is as good as mine,” Dad said, shining his flashlight on me so that I winced beneath the bright light.
Shielding my eyes, I asked, “What’s up here?”
As I got to my feet on the warped floorboards, the beam of light panned away, illuminating a wall covered with built-in bunk beds. Then a second wall of beds, and a third. There were no covers or mattresses—simply shallow boxes built into the walls. At the head of each bunk, heavy chains hung from the wood, rusted with time. Each of the chains ended in unlocked shackles; the kind of steel wrist cuffs found in a medieval torture chamber.
I had to slump to keep from hitting my head on the low ceiling. In the darkness of the attic, I made my way over to where my dad and sister stood.
“Jesus,” Dad swore. His large hand appeared in the flashlight’s beam and touched one of the posts of the bunk beds. It was deeply gouged, presumably by the chains. 
“What kind of pressure would have caused that?” Rachel murmured, tracing a long, nail-bitten finger over the dark scratches.
“What is this, Dad?” I asked softly, disturbed by the abundance of a thick, reddish-brown substance on the shackles—the color was a bit off for regular rust. I shivered to think what it could be, what that stain at the bottom of the stairs could be…
“If I’m assuming correctly, I think this was once slaves’ quarters,” Dad answered. He was using his I’m-bothered-but-trying-to-keep-it-from-my-daughters voice. The last time I heard it was when Granny died.
I shivered, the hair on the back of my neck crawling. I was fascinated by that…sludge on the chains. “They…shackled the slaves? To the beds?”
My father cleared his throat, his face invisible in the dark. “I imagine to keep them from running, Sue. They probably locked them in at night.”
“Why would anybody leave those things on there?” Rachel shuddered. “Like some kind of macabre artifact.”
“I don’t know, sweetheart. When the Civil War ended, I’m sure no one ever came up here. Maybe they just got forgotten.”
“I’m going back down,” I choked out, turning to head towards the light of my bedroom and away from the darkness hidden in a small attic room above my bed.
How the hell was I supposed to sleep in the room below?
*
When I awoke the next morning, both my lamp and the lamp I had requisitioned from the living room were still burning merrily. The sun was big and bright outside my window, illuminating the room to leave no trace of the night’s storm. With all the brightness, I felt like I was under a giant magnifying glass.
I lay in bed and stared at the peeling, white paint of the attic door. In the harsh and unforgiving light of day, it was even more disturbing. How many men and women—and ohmygod children—had lived in that tiny room? Had they bled beneath the metal as they struggled to get out of those cuffs? How old was that blood?
It’s possible I set a new world record on dressing. I flip-flopped down the stairs in my blue jean cut-offs and Guinness T-shirt in a whopping two minutes, leaving both lamps on in my bedroom.
Mom stood over the stove wearing her favorite bright pink apron, stirring eggs in a saucepan.
“Did our bags come?” I asked. I’d watched her pack the apron in a box back home, and said cardboard box was open in a chair at the table.
“Yes.” She shot me a relieved smile. “Your father and brothers are outside helping the movers unload. You should go give them a hand.”
I ignored the request. On purpose. “Shouldn’t you be using a skillet?” I asked her, dropping wearily into a chair at the worn-out kitchen table. The clock over the cabinets read much too early, and I was tempted to go crawl back in bed. I probably would have if I weren’t so freaked out by my room.
“I would be using a skillet, except your grandmother apparently didn’t have one that wasn’t rusted all to hell.” My mom laughed, pulling the pan from the stove and dumping the eggs on a plate. “You want some? The boys have already eaten and your sisters are still asleep.”
I accepted the plate gratefully. I hadn’t eaten since Orlando yesterday afternoon. “Did Dad tell you about the attic?”
Mom put the pan back on the stove and turned her skinny behind to me. As she cracked another egg in, she replied, “Yes, he told me. Don’t let it bother you, sugar. All these old plantations had slave quarters. That was just life back in those days.”
The eggs were a little tasteless. We kept chickens back home in Kentucky, but instead of carting them to Florida, Mom swore we’d invest in new ones once we settled. Until then, we were stuck with grocery-store eggs. Just another little detail about my life uprooted. “Did Gran’s family always own this farm?”
Mom’s back stiffened. She shot a glance over her shoulder at me. “They sure did, sugar.”
“So our family kept slaves?” Of course, it was implied, but the optimist in me wanted verification before I lumped my ancestors in with the devil and mass murder.
“Seems that way.” 
A generic Mom answer. What else was new?
The appearance of the twins, loud and obnoxious, stifled any further conversation. By the bright greeting she gave Matt and Sam, it didn’t seem Mom was upset about the interruption.
*
“For the record, you have too much stuff,” I huffed out between breaths as I held one end of an inordinately heavy box and Izzy held the other.
“I do not. You’re just a weirdo who owns nothing.” She stuck her tongue out. 
I couldn’t stop staring at her platinum hair—it was short on the sides with a long top that she usually brushed to one side like a punk rock star. The look was still new, done only the day before we moved—probably some hipster way of protesting. So far, it had usually hung curled over one side of Izzy’s head, but today, she’d decided to gel the top into a weird kind of faux-hawk. Combined with the usual heavy eyeliner and blood red lipstick, I couldn’t look away. The girl was so weird. I couldn’t be too sure she was even my sister.
“I’ve moved like four times in the last two years,” I griped, taking another step. “Having less crap is easier.”
“You’re boring.”
I narrowed my eyes at her over the top of the box as we navigated the turn on the landing. The sun spilled through the window, setting the staircase—and Izzy’s wild hair—on fire. “Exhibit A. All of my boxes are already in my room.”
My little sister rolled her eyes, shifting the box’s weight on her skinny arms. “Matt and Sam got most of my crap upstairs.”
“Exhibit B. I got all my crap upstairs on my own. Like a big girl.”
“Wanna cookie?” Izzy drawled, glancing behind herself to gauge her first step on the second half of the staircase.
“What do you have in here?”
Izzy shrugged—not a good move while holding a box that weighed a hundred pounds. We wrestled with it for a moment, heading off the box’s downward trajectory, and then she answered, “Umm. Stuff?”
“You don’t know, do you.” A statement. Not a question. The blonde in her hair had permanently seeped into her brain.
“Suck it, Sue.”
We turned the corner at the top of the stairs, Izzy angled her bottom down the hall in the direction of our respective bedrooms, and she stopped short, eyes on the floor. I followed her gaze to find a dark substance on the rug.
Izzy cringed. “Someone got mud all over the Oriental. Mom’s gonna freak.”
“Well, the movers were in and out all morning.” I stepped forward, urging her to move. “And it rained all night, so it’s no big deal. We’ll clean it later when it dries.”
Izzy continued backwards. “Yeah.”
Izzy and Rachel’s bedroom was twice the size of mine, with turquoise paint and dark hardwood floors. Matching twin beds flanked the walls—newer than my piece ‘o crap—and were already made up with hideous floral-patterned duvets.
“Please tell me you’re replacing these,” I huffed as we not-so-gracefully released the box onto Izzy’s bed. It bounced twice, something inside shifted with a clink, and then came to rest. I dropped to Rachel’s bed and stretched out.
“Yeah, we’ve got our comforters from home.” Izzy slid a finger beneath the packing tape and jerked. Nothing happened.
“Wimp.” I joined her at her bedside and ripped the tape off with a cocky grin. 
“Suck it, Sue.”
“You’re going to have to be more original than that, Isabella.”
I helped her pull various belongings from the box—bubble-wrapped ballerinas, an old softball signed by her coach, a couple of raggedy stuffed animals, and…
“Really, Iz?” I held up the paperback I’d given to her for Christmas. “The spine isn’t even broken.”
She cringed. “Don’t kill me.”
“You need to read more.” I tossed the book on her pillow. “It’s good for your mind.”
Izzy stuck her face over the box. “So is painting.”
“I won’t argue that,” I said, sighing. “But, Iz, come on. Do yourself a favor and be cultured.”
“I like Monet! That’s culture.” She tugged an old, ratty afghan from the box and draped it over the bed.
“No, that’s fuzzy, unfocused flowers sitting on ponds.”
We unpacked in silence for a moment longer before my little sister asked in a quiet voice, “Susan, why have I never been here before? To Gran’s house.”
The question caught me off-guard. I set Izzy’s alarm clock on the bedside stand, slowly unwrapping the twisty-tie until the cord could dangle to the floor. I finally caught her eye, making a face. “I don’t really know, Iz. I mean, I’ve heard that she didn’t really like this place. You know she left when she was a teenager, right?”
“Yeah. And she met Papaw.” Izzy circled the bed and crouched to plug in her clock.
“Right. They had Mom, and then Papaw died when I was little, and Gran moved back here for a short time. Very brief. Like five years. But she left again, and didn’t come back until her mom died.”
“At like ninety-eight, right? So hopefully we’ll all live that long,” Izzy joked.
“Please, I hope not,” I said with a laugh.
Izzy shrugged as she stood back up and dusted her hands off. “I’ve heard the story before.”
“Then why are you asking?” I turned my back to her to dig into the box.
“Because I want to know when Great-grandma Joyce died and Gran inherited the house, why did she never invite us down? She always came to us.”
“She only lived here five years before…” I trailed off.
“Cancer. Yeah.” Izzy silently offered me her eyeglass case, and I slid it into the top drawer of the nightstand. Unlike Rachel, who always wore glasses and never contacts, Izzy refused to wear her glasses and opted for contacts. I thought it said a lot about the differences between my sisters.
“So, maybe she just never got around to inviting us.”
“Yet she came to see us once a year,” Izzy retorted.
I opened my mouth to tell her to take her obnoxious—and for me, unanswerable—questions to Mom, when our mother’s displeased voice came through the open doorway. “Oh, for Pete’s sake!”
I don’t know about Izzy, but my hair stood on end. It was Mom’s irritated voice; I’d heard it a lot. It usually accompanied the last few moments before someone in the household was grounded.
Izzy and I looked at each other, and I shrugged. We crossed to the door and looked out into the hall.
Mom stood over the long line of footprints on the runner. Her hands were planted firmly on her tiny hips, and her bright red sandal tapped on the floor like some kind of movie mother-slash-housewife. 
My mother, the cliché. 
“Who did this?” she barked, her bobbed hair swishing as she turned a withering glare on us.
Beside me, Izzy jumped. She wasn’t exactly a good daughter. She got caught a few months back half-naked under the bleachers at school during a football game. With another girl. Oh, and just a couple of joints. 
I love my sisters—they give me such great fodder for abuse.
“We noticed it on the way up with Izzy’s last box,” I told her. “It wasn’t us.”
Mom’s jaw clenched. “We just moved in and already the boys are destroying the house.”
“Might have been the movers,” I suggested.
“They haven’t been upstairs. And the prints are too big to be Cam’s.” Mom eyed the drying mud, and I followed the trail. The steps began at the top of the stairs and ended in the middle of the hall, halfway between Izzy’s bedroom and mine.
“Odd. Why is it only on this section of the rug?” Mom whipped around and stared down the stairs. “There’s nothing on the stairs.”
I stepped out into the hall, the hair prickling at the back of my neck. She was right. “That is weird.”
My mother turned her dangerous ‘squinty’ eyes in my direction. “Are you playing a prank?”
I almost growled. Almost. “No! Why would I do that?”
“Jeez. It has to have been your brothers.” She waved at the footprints in disgust. “I’ll find them and send them upstairs to clean. Isabella, you have one more box sitting on the front porch, and your father wants it gone. Now.” With that, Mom turned on a heel and descended the stairs.
“Way to back me up, Iz,” I said wryly as Mom’s footsteps faded.
“She scares the hell out of me when she’s like that.” Izzy laughed, and then clomped down the stairs for her millionth box.
Chapter 4
After I unpacked my meager belongings, I decided to comb the lay of the land. Granny owned a vast forty acres—significantly vast compared to our old house in the suburbs, where our microscopic veggie garden had to be planted in the flowerbeds out front and our chicken coop took up the entire backyard.
A meandering dirt path cut a swath through the woods. I walked it in bare feet, my green flip-flops swinging from one hand. I liked the feel of the cool, shaded ground beneath my skin, and the way the sun tried to beat through the trees in patterns on my arms. It was secluded and quiet. We couldn’t even hear traffic on the highway—it was ten miles away. 
I figured I’d give it a couple days and then borrow Mom’s car and go into town. I’d need to look into getting my own vehicle so I didn’t have to rely on my parents, and then I’d find a job. My degree was in business, and I had a minor in the French language, though what good what that do me in the real world? I had no clue what I wanted to do with my life, though I knew I didn’t want to get stuck working at a grocery or in retail. 
We weren’t poor by any means. Dad was pulling disability for a bad back, the same reason he lost his old job in construction back in Kentucky. He’d said something about doing some freelance contracting, and Mom was talking about going back to work, too. But I was twenty-four and mooching off my parents; I seriously needed to find a job, and fast, so I could at least feel like I was contributing.
I had only walked for maybe a dozen minutes when I came upon a small gap like an alcove that led into the trees to my right. I peered in, curious, and jumped as I recognized the tell-tale sight of gravestones.
I patted my pocket for my phone but rolled my eyes at my stupidity. My phone was conveniently back at the house lying on my bedside table—smart, I know. Take a walk in unfamiliar woods without a way to contact someone in case of emergency. I had a college degree, but that didn’t make me logical.
So, not only did we have a huge house on a huge farm, but we had our very own cemetery. After all the ‘non-excitement’ of last night, I was hesitant to venture in on my own. I stood, wavering between a desire to explore and a desire to not piss myself with fear. Finally I made a decision and set off in search of a sister.
I found Rachel—the nerdiest yet bravest of us all—idly swinging in an old hammock in the front yard with a can of soda propped on her chest. She had her bushy red hair pulled back in a ponytail so that her pretty face was on display. I constantly nagged her to do it—she was too damn pretty to hide behind all that hair. Her long eyelashes fluttered open at the shuffling of my feet in the tall grass, and she turned her green eyes to me. 
“Hey.” She lifted a hand to shield her eyes from the sun.
“Hey,” I answered, climbing awkwardly onto the swing beside her. As I rolled into the depression made by her body, I said, “Busy?”
She gestured to the bright blue sky and perfect, fluffy clouds. It was one of those lazy summer days that made a girl want to close her eyes and drift. “Does it look that way?”
I turned to lay face-to-face with her, my cheek pressed to the scratchy white ropes and our legs intertwined. “I figured you were buying stock and taking names.”
“From the comfort of my home swing.” She winked.
“Did you get unpacked?”
“Yeah. I tried to help Mom in the kitchen and she just kinda grunted at me. So ended up here. I guess if she wants me to help, she can come find me.”
I laughed. “I found a cemetery. Wanna check it out?”
Her eyes lit up. “You know it.”
I led her back the way I had come, down the dirt path worn into the copse of trees behind the house. It was darker and quieter inside this time around; cooler even. We walked in companionable silence, my sister’s hands shoved in the pockets of her baggy corduroy khakis and my arm looped through the V made by hers.
“Why do you think Granny never invited us down to see her? To visit this house?” Rachel asked me quietly, her eyes on the path at our feet.
“Jesus, what is it with you and Izzy? She was just bugging me about this earlier.”
Rachel raised an eyebrow. “Just answer the question.”
I shrugged, my shoulders brushing hers. “I don’t know. Maybe she liked to travel. She liked coming to us.”
“It’s just…odd.” Rachel glanced over at me, her teeth digging into her bottom lip. “That house is odd.”
“You don’t have to tell me that,” I answered with a sharp laugh. “I’m sleeping beneath the ghosts of slaves.”
Rachel jerked away from me and came to a stop, her jaw hanging open. “What? Did you see something?”
“Calm down,” I chastised as I grabbed her arm and pulled her back to me, leading her on down the path. “I’m speaking metaphorically. Because of the weird noises Iz heard, and then what happened last night.”
Rachel sighed. “I just hate to think that Granny died here, alone in this creepy house in the middle of nowhere.”
I leaned against her. “It’s just a house, Rach.”
“I miss her.”
I pulled her to a stop as we neared the almost-hidden path to the cemetery. I didn’t really know what to say, so I settled for, “Me too.” 
The forest had long since started reclaiming the trail to the cemetery. I slid my feet back into my flip-flops and shoved through some tall weeds as Rachel trailed along behind me. We passed through the open iron gate that surrounded the plot.
“Wonder when the last time someone bothered to come out here was,” I said softly. There was a somber stillness to the air; it made me not want to speak over a whisper for fear of waking the dead. 
There sure were a lot of memories of the dead situated around that damn house and property.
The plot wasn’t large by any means. Stones, worn and tilting, scattered the tall grass like ships in a rough sea. I leaned to rub dirt and age from a barely readable, gray headstone. I squinted, trying to make out the long dissolved letters. It said Mary Magdalene Marshall. 
Across the graveyard, Rachel was doing the same thing. Her voice carried too loud on the oppressive silence. “Wow, Sue, this is Mom’s fam.”
I nodded, my eyes still on Mary Magdalene’s sedate grave marker. Last name notwithstanding, I had no idea who she was. “Yeah.”
“Hey, come here. Didn’t Granny have a brother named Jeremy who died in the sixties?” 
I picked my way through the overgrowth. “I think so.”
Rachel was bent over a larger grave, pulling weeds from around the peach-colored monument. It was topped by a dour, wind-softened angel. The marker looked older than a mere fifty years, but it was right there, etched into the stone—
Jeremy Matthew Marshall
b.1942 d.1963
Beloved Brother, Dearly Missed

Rachel touched the angel’s curled hair once more before glancing at me. She had rubbed dirt across her pale cheek. “Do you think Granny found him? In heaven?”
Shrugging, I yanked another clump of weeds from behind the marker and tossed them over the wrought-iron fence. “I don’t know, Rach. I don’t really believe in heaven.”
“Why?” There wasn’t disbelief or dismay in my little sister’s voice, just curiosity. We weren’t raised religious. Hell, we weren’t raised to talk about religion at all, even though I know Dad had been brought up Catholic.
I opened my mouth to answer, but we were interrupted by the sound of scuffling footsteps. We both turned towards the main path, waiting to see which family member would walk by the tiny opening in the trees, only to be met by a stranger.
I studied him curiously, wondering if he was a neighbor. He was tall and muscular, wearing blue jean overalls and a white T-shirt with stains on the sleeves. His dark hair was short beneath his Irish cap, and his skin was tanned and dirty. 
“Excuse me,” I called, my hands landing on my hips. I might have come off a little snotty. “Do you realize you’re on private property?”
His eyes were shadowed by his prominent brow, but his face turned to us for a second before he looked away, moving towards the house. He didn’t speak.
I exchanged a glance with Rachel, a little unnerved that a strange man was wandering around our property. He disappeared beyond our range of vision from the cemetery, and I pulled Rachel’s phone from her pocket to text Dad.
man in the woods. coming towards house. rach and I alone in cemetery.
My dad was always prompt with his texts. k will check.
“Dad’s going to find him,” I whispered to Rachel, tucking her phone back into her pocket.
She gestured with her head for me to follow. We tiptoed through the weedy graveyard, past the gate—dangling like a broken arm—and back down the side path. It had gotten incredibly quiet in the forest. Without the deafening music of bugs and birds, it was deathly as a tomb.
Rachel put out an arm to stop me and leaned forward to peer around the edge of the trees in the direction the man had walked. When she turned back to me, her eyes were wide and alarmed. “I see Dad.”
We stepped out onto the path. Dad’s form hurried towards us, his loafers making a steady pit-pat on the packed ground. It was a straight shot from us to him—beyond him, the wooded path stretched neatly like a dark and forbidding tunnel all the way to the house.
The man was gone.
Chapter 5
“He must have taken off into the trees,” Dad repeated for the fourth time, his large hand gently navigating me towards the house by the shoulder. 
I tried to shrug him off but his grip was iron tight. And sweaty. The bare skin at the top of his head was pale pink from the sun and there was dirt beneath his fingernails; he’d probably been working on a plot for the vegetable garden.
“Where would he go, Dad? That underbrush is outrageous. You’d need a freaking machete to get through it. We’d have heard it, at least.” Rachel wasn’t buying it either, tripping over her flip-flops as she stumbled after us across the front yard. She was about as graceful as a frat boy in high heels.
Dad just sighed and mounted the steps to the crooked front porch. I noted the enigmatic bouquet of white daisies still sat where it had been yesterday afternoon, though a little more wilted from the humid day. I was dying to know why on earth a bundled bouquet rested on our porch, and why my parents hadn’t moved it.
The door was wide open, cool AC pushing outside from the dim interior. Dad groaned. “Who left the door open?” he yelled into the house.
Rachel and I stepped inside behind him. There were tools spread about the floor just inside, and I caught sight of shiny new hinges on the old-fashioned door. 
Dad nudged a hammer closer to the wall and said, “Girls, leave it. It was probably a neighbor passing through. Go find something to do.”
I wasn’t satisfied with his answer. Rachel and I exchanged irritated looks as he headed for the kitchen.
“Dad, wait,” I called, and hurried forward as he turned back around irritably. “Those daisies on the porch. Did you put them there?”
He lifted the hem of his t-shirt and swiped sweat from his face. “No. Your mother said there was an identical bouquet there when she came down two weeks ago.”
“Oh.” I watched him push through the swinging door, and a moment later heard the kitchen faucet running. The bouquet wasn’t from any of us. I had a stark realization that I knew nothing about my grandmother—who was leaving her post-death offerings?
Rachel grabbed my arm, pulling me from my thoughts. “That was weird, right?” she asked in a hushed voice. “That guy—he was there, right? He was definitely there.”
“He was there,” I agreed.
“Right. He was there. And then he wasn’t.”
I motioned for her to follow me, and we cut through the dim, silent dining room and out the side door onto the screened porch.
Mom had come through and opened the windows earlier in the day, and the floor fan was whirring in one corner. Three of the four walls were nothing but windows from around knee-high up to the ceiling, and since the whole porch sat a little above ground-level—to account for the gardener’s shed beneath—it had a spectacular view of the land around the house.
Rachel plunked into a chair at the black iron table and leaned forward on her elbows, staring out into the trees. “How far would you say the closest neighbor is?”
I took the chair next to her so I could look outside, and let out a deep breath. “I don’t know. A mile?”
“Not within walking distance, though?”
“Sure,” I said with a laugh. “A mile isn’t that far, Rach.”
“Oh.” She turned her gaze to me, her brow in a squiggly line. “Maybe it was a neighbor.”
I shrugged. “But, why wouldn’t he say something?”
“Maybe he’s shy.”
“And we don’t even know what he looks like. I only got a glimpse of him,” I said, talking right over her as I leaned back against the thick cushion. The warm air brushed across my bare arms, and I realized I was sleepy. “Maybe he just likes taking walks, and Granny didn’t care if he came on her land.”
“Kind of a strong jaw, I think. Really dark-skinned. Mocha-colored, even. And those clothes…”
“Yeah,” I answered. “Weird.”
The door flew open, and Cam appeared. “Momma says we’re going into town ‘cuz we need stuff.”
“Where on earth have you been all morning?” I asked her, twisting in my chair to raise an eyebrow. 
“The attic.” Cam popped her gum, a devilish grin on her face.
“Why?” Rachel asked.
My baby sister shrugged her skinny shoulders, one hand still resting on the doorknob. “I like it.”
Ah, the simple logic of children. What a freak, though.
“Mom said she already has some kind of imaginary friend up there,” Rachel informed me with a slight roll of her eyes. “They played dress-up this morning when she was supposed to be unpacking.” She wiggled her fingers at Cam playfully.
Cam made a face at her, and then snapped her gum as she used the door to swing back and forth. “Are you coming or what?”
“Yeah, I am,” Rachel said, getting to her feet. The chair scraped across the wood with a jarring screech. “I need some bath stuff. We’ll talk later.” This last was directed at me.
Cam’s dark eyes shifted to inquire of me, “Coming?”
I smiled and reached out to ruffle her patch of short hair. “Nah. I don’t need anything, because unlike your other big sisters, I think ahead.”
*
I was in the hammock. Again.
My eyes had been alternating somewhere between open and closed for I didn’t know how long. It was nice, this feeling of no responsibility. That framed diploma that said ‘University of Louisville’ —still shoved in the bottom of an unopened box in my room—officially pardoned me from any further work until I dug my claws into a job.
For the first time in a long time, I could sway in the breeze and listen to the birdsong without anything to frazzle my mind.
Well, almost. I was actually on the verge of convincing myself to sleep in the hammock as opposed to that tiny bedroom with so much…unrest above it. I probably would have if I thought my mother wouldn’t flip out, but knowing her, she’d worry about robbers and mountain lions. Or gators—whatever it was that stalked the state of Florida.
I was sliding into blessed unconsciousness when the crack of a twig forced my eyes open quicker than a gunshot. I turned my head toward the house, eyes searching the yard. My family hadn’t been gone very long at all, so there was no way they were home.
I didn’t see anything out of the ordinary. The tall grass of the lawn swayed in a hot, oven-like breeze; I was surprised Dad hadn’t forced Matt or Sam—or both—to cut it yet. Through hooded, sleepy eyes, I did a cursory scan of my surroundings, lifting my head to check behind me. 
Nothing.
I settled back into the cradle of the hammock and stared up at a pale blue, cloudless sky. The hammock swung gently on the wind and it was lolling, though I wished it were cooler.
I looked to my right, gazing up at the house. The red brick seemed dingy against such a happy sky. At the top of the house, just under the hanging eaves, was a small round window. I watched the reflection of a distant white cloud moving slowly across the glass, my eyes getting heavy again.
A black shape moved across the window, inside the house.
Suddenly awake, I squinted at the window, heart pounding, but didn’t see any further movement. What had that been? Had I fallen asleep and dreamed it?
I almost fell from the hammock as I saw more movement from the corner of my eye. I whipped my head around, preparing to launch from the hammock and run, but stopped.
It was a guy. His long, blond hair was shaggy to his shoulders and in desperate need of a cut. I couldn’t see his face, but beneath his white t-shirt, his shoulders were broad and his waist narrow, tapering into a pair of tight blue jeans. He was headed towards the front of the house.
For a moment, I thought, The guy from the woods, but I realized almost immediately that it wasn’t. The guy in the woods didn’t have all that hair, and he’d been much shorter as well as a heck of a lot stockier.
“Um. Hello!” I yelled.
The poor boy must have jumped three feet in the air. He whirled around, a bouquet of flowers pressed against his chest. He had ridiculously pale blue eyes as wide as saucers on a breathtaking face. He was deeply tanned, and his nose was on the large-ish side and had obviously been broken once or twice, but that dimple in his chin was awful cute.
I eyed the bouquet of white daisies in his hand. “Who are you and why are you here?”
“I’m Sloan.” He held up the flowers. “These are for Rita.”
I sat up at the mention of my grandmother’s name, the hammock swaying beneath me. “That’s my Granny. You do know…” I let my voice trail off. I hated telling people she was dead.
“Yeah.” His iceberg-colored eyes dropped to the bouquet and a muscle in his jaw twitched. “She was a friend. She loved daisies.”
What in the world was some young guy doing bringing flowers for Granny?
And it clicked—the bouquet of daisies on the front porch the day we arrived. “Oh. You bring them often?”
Sloan nodded. “Every week.”
I tossed my legs over the side of the hammock and dropped to the soft grass. When his pretty eyes drifted to my cleavage and then snapped guiltily to my face, I flushed, all too aware that I was in an itsy-bitsy black bikini and blue jean shorts. I wanted to cover up the C-cups bulging from my bathing suit, but I refrained. Better to not draw attention to “the girls” by making a big deal of it.
“That’s really nice of you,” I said after a long, awkward pause in which we stared at each other across the back yard.
“Well, Rita took care of me—” He stopped, his voice strangled. The bouquet dangled from his hand, and he looked away, his eyes blinking. “She was a good friend.”
I raised an eyebrow, but squashed it back down just as fast. Sure, a guy my age so seriously befriending my eighty-year-old grandmother was a bit weird, but who was I to judge? I slept beneath what was probably hundred-fifty-year-old slave blood and I couldn’t stand it if my socks didn’t match right in the drawer.
Sloan finally glanced back up. “So, are you guys here to pack up the house?”
I shook my head and moved forward a few steps. “We’re moving in, actually. Hey, do you want to come in for some iced tea?”
He grinned, tapping the bouquet against his thigh. “Make it coffee, and I’ll say yes.”
I couldn’t help but smile back, albeit a little bashfully. “Deal.”

THE HOUSE is available now!
Other Books by the Author
SERIES
The Temple, Book One in the Vale Avari Novels
Abigail, Book One in the Witch Faery Trilogy
Mother of All, Book One in the Hedgewitch Mysteries
The House, Book One in the Old Houses Series
Heaven Below, Book One in the Goddess of Ptalonia Trilogy
His Haunting Kiss, Book One in the His Kiss Series
Saffron, Book One in the Vengeance Goddess Serials

STAND-ALONES
Constant State of Disaster
Cause & Effect
Eternal Youth, co-written with Julia Crane
Visions of the Witch, co-written with Tara West

SHORT STORIES
The Darkest Night, A Hedgewitch Novelette
Underneath, a FREE novelette
May I Go Play?, a short story 
PIECES: A Collection of Short Fiction

Short fiction featured in these anthologies:
Eclective: Halloween Collection
Eclective: Holiday Collection
Eclective: Celtic Collection
Eclective: Pride Collection
Eclective: Haunted Collection
Eclective: Apocalypse Collection
Eclective: Time Collection
Pink Snowbunnies In Hell
About the Author

Heather Marie Adkins loves magick and words, but not necessarily in that order. She can often be found wrangling chickens in her backyard, pulling weeds from her herb garden, and saving field mice from her cats—when she isn’t plotting her eventual move to Ireland. She worships the moon and stars, and loves the feel of grass beneath her bare feet. 
Heather is a multi-genre writer whose influences include RL Stine, Jennifer Crusie, Kim Harrison, Mary Higgins Clark, and Jim Butcher. She is the author of numerous titles including: The Temple (Vale Avari, Book One); Abigail (Witch Faery, Book One); His Haunting Kiss (His Kiss, Book One); Mother of All (Hedgewitch Mysteries, Book One); and Heaven Below (Goddess of Ptalonia, Book One). Her novels have hit several bestseller lists since she began publishing in June 2011, and many have been nominated for awards at the eFestival of Words. Her contemporary romance, Constant State of Disaster, was a 2nd round finalist in the 2013 Amazon Breakthrough Novel Competition.
She lives in north-central Kentucky with a house full of animals and the love of her life—all of whom drive her crazy.
Heather loves to hear from readers! She can be found daily (mostly) at her blog, heather.bishoffs.com, so visit and leave a comment!
You can email her at heather@heathermarieadkins.com
Friend Heather on Facebook and follow her on Twitter.
Or join her Facebook group! Books by Heather Marie Adkins, run by the author to interact with people who like her books. Be the first to see new covers and know behind-the-scenes information about Heather.
For more information on Heather and her books, visit her website at heathermarieadkins.com.
Wanna be the first to hear when she releases new books? Sign up for her MAILING LIST, and you could win free books, be notified of giveaways, and even enter to win book-related prizes! Your email will never be shared with anyone, and you will only receive one or two emails a month. 
To My Readers: 
I’m just going to lay it all out for you—I am an indie author. Everything I do, I do without the help or backing of a publishing company. This means I pay for everything up front: cover design, editing, proofing, interior design. These services can cost upwards of $2000 per book, if not more. Unfortunately, I don’t have the kind of resources available to pay for these things as fast as I write; I’m just a Starbucks barista in my spare time! So I do a lot of it on my own, or with the help of close friends and colleagues.
This note is to let you know this particular book has been edited and proofread within the realm of my ability, but it’s probably not perfect. If you see any errors, or you have any general comments about the storyline or characters—what works for you, what doesn’t work for you, etc. please don’t hesitate to contact me at heathermariewrites@gmail.com. I want your feedback. Every cent I earn from this book is going into my editing fund, and with any feedback I receive, I will do rewrites and a massive professional edit once I’ve raised enough money.
If you’re interested in becoming a beta reader for me, drop me a line at heathermariewrites@gmail.com. I’m always looking for people willing to help me make my books better. 
One day, I hope that my novels will be my career, and they’ll pay for publishing services anytime I need them. Until then, thank you for supporting me, and I hope you enjoyed the read!
Heather

