
Venom

(A Night Roamers Short – Slade and Chelsey’s Story)

By

Kristen Middleton
smashwords.com edition


Copyright©2013 Kristen Middleton

 The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead is coincidental and not intended by the author.

All rights reserved.

No part of this book may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without express written permission of the author.


Prologue


The music in the club was beginning to give her a headache, but Melody ignored it. She was about to go to an after-party with the band members of Venom, who’d just finished their last encore at Club Nightshade. She was also pretty confident that if she played her cards right, she’d be in the lead vocalist’s arms before dawn. 
Slade. 
Just thinking about him made her tingle all over. Damn, the guy was hawt and had a voice that made her want to jump his bones. With those hypnotic green eyes, and that sexy infamous half-smile of his, she knew she wasn’t the only girl lusting after him in the club. But she’d definitely mastered the skill of flirting and had eventually gotten Slade’s attention. She’d done the pouty lip thing and made sure he’d gotten an eyeful of cleavage, dancing as close to the stage as possible, twerking with her girlfriends until every guy in the club had been drooling. It had obviously worked, because she’d gotten a note from one of the waitresses with an invite to some party being hosted by the owner of the club, complements of the band. Thankfully, she’d gotten the fake I.D. the week before or there was no way she’d have been able to step inside of the club, let alone party with the band afterwards.   
Leaning forward, she applied another layer of dark cherry gloss to her lips, and then fluffed out her long blond hair. She stood back and smiled, recalling how Slade’s eyes had been transfixed on those same lips. Obviously, he liked the rich crimson color.
“You ready to go, Melody?” asked her best friend Taylor, who was frantically texting someone on her phone. “It’s getting late and I told Ricky I’d stop by after we left the club.” She looked up and giggled. “Booty call, baby.”
“What about us?” asked Veronica, looking pissed. “I thought we’d agreed that I was staying at your place tonight, Taylor?”
“You’re welcome to wait in the car.  It won’t take long,” she replied. “He’s like a jack-hammer.”
Melody and Veronica looked at each other, and then burst out laughing.
Taylor bit her lower lip. “Actually, now that I think about it, I’m not in the mood for thirty seconds of Ricky. You know, I’d almost rather go eat somewhere. We could go back to that diner up the street. Remember how awesome their food was last time we went?”
Veronica’s eyes lit up. “Ruth’s? Girl, I’m starving. Let’s do it.”
“Uh… sorry. I can’t, guys,” said Melody. “I’m meeting someone.”
Taylor raised an eyebrow. “What do you mean? Who?!”
Melody stared at her side-view in the mirror, sucking in her stomach and thrusting out her chest. She was glad she’d worn her new leopard-colored pushup bra with the matching thong. She wondered if Slade liked animal print. “Wish I could tell you, but it’s kind of a secret.”
“Excuse me,” replied Veronica, putting her hands on her hips. “We’re your best friends. You have to tell us!” 
She hesitated, wanting to share the news, but her friends had big mouths. “I can’t. Look, I’ll tell you tomorrow. I just don’t want to blow my chances tonight.”
“Blow your chances? He’s not married or anything, is he?” asked Taylor.
“Please,” replied Melody, rolling her eyes. “I’m not into married guys. I just can’t tell you who it is because I promised not to say anything.”
“That’s just weird,” said Veronica.
“If you knew who it was, you wouldn’t think so,” she replied with a sly smile.
“Are you going to be okay? I feel uncomfortable taking off like this and not knowing exactly what’s up,” said Taylor.
Melody dug into her Louis Vuitton purse and took out a small bottle of perfume. She spritzed some into the air and then stepped into the fruity mist. “Don’t worry about me. Everything is totally cool.”
Veronica studied her face. “He’s not some freak, is he? You know him pretty well?”
Melody smiled. “Of course, and he’s not a freak. Chill out, guys.”
Veronica sighed. “We’re just worried about you.”
Melody zipped up her purse. “Look, I appreciate your concern, but I’ll be fine. Take off and get some breakfast.” She winked. “While I go and get me some dessert.”
Veronica laughed. “Girl, I hear that. Next time get some for me, too. I haven’t had sex since Jerome and I broke up last summer.”
“We know,” said Taylor. “You complain about it at least twice a day.”
“You would too if it wasn’t for the ‘Jack Hammer’,” she replied. 
“Speaking of… maybe I should meet up with Ricky,” said Taylor, biting her lower lip.
“Oh, hell no,” replied Veronica. “I’m not going to be the only one not getting some tonight.”
Taylor laughed. “Fine. I’m sure the food will be more satisfying than thirty seconds of Ricky anyway.”
“Especially if you order the cheesecake again,” said Melody. “Remember how much you loved it?”
“Mm… that’s right. Well, call us tomorrow,” said Taylor, dropping her phone into her satchel. “And give us the dirt.”
“You know it,” she replied, hugging her. Melody turned to Veronica and hugged her as well. “I’ll fill you both in on all the steamy details.” 
“You’d better. But not before noon,” said Taylor. “I’m going to hold you to it.”
After Veronica and Taylor left, Melody glanced at her reflection one more time. 
This time, Slade, you sexy bastard, she thought, you’re going to make me sing. All night long…

Chapter One 

Chelsey


“Chelsey, wake up.”
I opened my eyes and groaned when I looked at the alarm clock. “Mom, I have two more hours to sleep, and I was up late studying. What the heck?”
She switched on the light and stepped closer to my bed.  “Sorry, honey,” she replied, looking grim. “I wasn’t sure if this could wait.”
I rubbed my left eye. “If what could wait?”
She pulled her light blue robe in tighter. “Your Aunt Jody called,” she said. “Melody didn’t come home last night.”
Now that woke me up. “What?” I asked, sitting up.
She sat down on the edge of my bed. “I guess she went out with Taylor and Veronica around eight o’clock last night. That was the last time Jody saw her. She’s just going nuts now and doesn’t know what to do. Have you talked to Melody recently?”
I shook my head. “No. Not since her grad party.”
 The truth was that my cousin and I didn’t always see eye-to-eye. In fact, ever since we graduated last June from high school, we’d barely been on speaking terms. I figured it was because she was still pissed at me after I’d given her crap about sneaking shots of tequila at her graduation party. Afterwards, she’d puked her brains out, but it hadn’t changed how annoyed she’d been at me. I guess that ratting her out hadn’t really helped either. The only reason I’d blown the whistle was because my aunt had backed me into a corner when she’d noticed that her bottle of Patron was missing. I wasn’t very good at lying, and she’d known that. “I’m sure she’s fine,” I said, thinking about all of the other times Melody had pulled stuff. “I mean, she’s eighteen now anyway. She probably crashed at Taylor’s or Veronica’s.” After getting wasted, I wanted to say, but held back.
“Nope. Jody called them. They haven’t seen her since last night.”
I yawned. “Well, where did they go?”
My mom pushed her dark bangs to the side. “They went to over to Shore Lake to go watch some rock band play.”
That was surprising. Although Shore Lake was a tourist spot, it wasn’t exactly known for concerts or live bands. “Where?” 
“I think the place was called Nightshade or something. Anyway, they said she’d told them that someone else was giving her a ride home.”
I’d heard of Club Nightshade, which was in the next town over, but had never actually been there. A lot of the kids in school had raved about the place. Some of them had even snuck in with fake I.D.’s when it wasn’t Teen-Night. Supposedly, you could get anything in that place if you knew who to talk to – drugs, alcohol, even… sex. “I didn’t know they had bands playing there. I thought it was all hip-hop from the radio.”
“I guess not.” She raised her eyebrows. “Have you been to that place?”
I rolled my eyes. “No. It’s definitely not my scene. Besides, who has time for clubs when I barely have enough time for homework and studying?” I was a freshman at U.M.T. and my life was filled with studying, homework, and more studying. I barely had time to sleep or eat. 
She stood back up. “Well, maybe she met a boy…”
I smirked. “That’s what I’m thinking.” Plus, she had a reputation. She went through more guys than I did paper. 
“Well, I just wish she’d answer her mom’s phone calls and texts.”
I decided to lay it on the table for her. “Mom, look, I’m going to be honest – Melody is a major partier. Heck, I know for a fact that last night wasn’t Teen-Night at that place. So, she would have had to have gotten in with a fake I.D. She probably drank and then went home with some horny jerk.”
She scowled. “Well, that certainly doesn’t make me feel any better.”
“Sorry, but even you know that I’m probably right. Did her friends say who was taking her home?”
“No. She wouldn’t say; said it was a secret, but that she’d tell them later.”
I frowned. “Hmm… that’s kind of weird.”
“I know. Taylor seems to think that it might have been one of the guys in the band. I guess she has a crush on the singer, and had been trying to get his attention the entire night.”
“It probably worked,” I said. Melody had to be the prettiest girl in Beaver Creek. With her blond hair, curves, and dazzling smile, she’d always been popular with the guys in school. If she set her sights on someone at the club, chances were that they’d be putty in her hands. 
“Boys in bands are trouble,” she replied. “Obviously, this just proves it.”
“She’s not exactly an angel either, mom. She’s probably in bed with him right now.”
“Chelsey!”
I shrugged. “What? You know it’s true.”
She sighed. “I know. I just don’t want to think about your cousin having sex.”
I crawled back under my covers. “I know, but I wouldn’t worry too much about Melody, mom. If she was crushing on the singer, chances are she’s with him and not thinking about Aunt Jody right now.” 
“You’re probably right. She is eighteen.”
I yawned again. “Just go back to bed, mom. I’m sure she’ll be home in a couple of hours, puking and getting bawled out by Aunt Jody.”
Chuckling, she touched my shoulder. “I’m just glad that you’re responsible and don’t give me or your father problems like that.”
I closed my eyes and smiled. “You’re welcome. Now let me sleep so I can get on with my humdrum life.”
“It’s not humdrum,” she protested. “You’re preparing for the future.” 
I opened up one eye. “Mom, it’s boring. All I do is take tests and study, so that I can take more tests. It’s kind of lame.”
“You really think so? I don’t know, I’d love to go back to my college years,” she replied wistfully. “It’s where I met your father, you know.”
I’d heard the story many times. My mom had played hard-to-get and my dad had pursued her relentlessly, until she’d finally agreed to go out with him. Five years later, they eloped in Hawaii, after she became pregnant with me.  “I know.”
“Just hang in there, Chelsey. We’re proud of you and it’s going to pay off someday. Plus, if you’re going to be a Forensic Investigator, your life will eventually be anything but plain and boring.” 
“Yeah, I’m sure.”
“Well, I’ll let you get back to bed,” she said, squeezing my foot through the blanket. 
 “Make sure I’m up before seven,” I called out as she walked out of my bedroom.
She turned around. “I will. I won’t be able to sleep until I hear from Jody.”
After she closed my bedroom door, I thought about Melody. Growing up, we’d been close, even though she had always been a little bossy. Even at a young age, she’d always known exactly what she’d wanted and used everything she could to get her way. Chances were, my cousin had gotten her way again, tonight, and was getting her freak on with that singer she’d been lusting after. I had to admit, part of me was a little envious.

Chapter Two

Chelsey

When my alarm went off a couple of hours later, I dragged myself out of bed and took a hot shower. Wiping the steam from the mirror, I glanced at my reflection – pale skin, long auburn hair, and hazel eyes. I thought I was pretty average, except for the fact that I was barely five-feet and had a hard time finding shoes that fit, because my feet were so small. I wore a size three and had a heck of a time shopping for shoes that didn’t light up or feature a pink pony. 
After I slipped on a blue Henley and khakis, I grabbed a brush and pulled my hair up into a ponytail. When I was finished in the bathroom, I grabbed my backpack and headed downstairs to the kitchen.
“Good morning,” said my mom, who was sitting at the counter, drinking coffee behind her laptop. 
“Morning,” I said, opening up the refrigerator. I cleared my throat. “Heard anything from Aunt Jody yet?”
“She hasn’t heard from your cousin yet.”
I pulled the orange juice out and glanced at her. There were shadows under her eyes and she looked worn out. She’d obviously been up the entire night. “Well, it’s still pretty early.”
She removed her reading glasses and rubbed the bridge of her nose. “Yeah, I know.”
“Don’t worry, she’ll show up,” I said, pouring myself a glass of juice. 
“I hope so. You know, it’s dangerous out there in the world, especially for women. A guy could slip something into your drink, follow you home, rape –”
 “Yes, I know,” I cut in. I knew I was being snippy, but I’d already heard it many times before. My mom was a court reporter and after hearing so many horrible cases, she was a little paranoid. “You don’t have to tell me. I’m one of the last people you need to worry about.”
She reached over the counter and squeezed my hand. “Chelsey,” she said, staring into my eyes. “I’ll always worry about you. I’m your mother and you’re a pretty girl. There are a lot of bad people in this world.” She sighed. “I just want you to be safe.”
“I know. I get it, mom,” I said as she released my hand. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m grateful that you worry about me. But, I’m not Melody, okay? I’m responsible and certainly not stupid.”
“You don’t have to be stupid to be a victim,” she replied. “But making the right decisions can certainly help lessen your chance of becoming one.”
I put my glass into the sink and picked up my backpack. “That’s why you don’t have to worry about me. I always make the right decisions.”
“Right,” she said, her hazel eyes sparkling. “Joking aside, I am very proud of you, honey. Just keep doing what you’re doing.”
“I will,” I replied as I walked out of the kitchen. “See you when I get home.”
“Bye, honey.”

***

The day seemed to drag, and by the time I was finished with my biology class, I couldn’t wait to get home. It was Friday and I had a weekend to do four days of homework, but I was used to it and didn’t really care. I was going to take a night off and go to a movie with a friend of mine, Susan. I hadn’t seen her in over two weeks, my brain was mush, and I desperately needed some time away from all things “school”.
“Hey,” I said, walking into the house. I dropped my backpack next to the front door. 
Both of my parents looked up and I could tell from their expressions that something was wrong. 
“What is it?” I asked, surprised that my dad was home so early. Being a bankruptcy lawyer, I never saw him walk in the door earlier than seven.
“Your cousin is still missing,” he said, putting an arm around my mom’s shoulder. “She hasn’t returned anyone’s calls and Jody is frantic.”
I frowned. “Where is Aunt Jody?”
My mom, who was also clearly upset, looked up. “She’s at home. Grandma is with her.”
“Oh.”
 Sighing, she stood up and stretched her arms above her head. “Your dad and I are heading over there, too, pretty soon. Would you like to come with?”
“Uh, sure,” I replied. “I have to call Susan, though. We were going to see a movie tonight, but I’ll definitely cancel.”
“No, don’t cancel,” she said. “You should still go with her. You haven’t gotten out in a while and a movie would be good. Besides, we don’t even know for sure if she’s really missing.”
“Are you sure?” I asked, still thinking that Melody was just being Melody – selfish and irresponsible.  
“Your mother is right,” said my dad, running a hand through his short hair, which was the same color as mine. “This might be nothing to worry about. Chances are that she’ll walk through her front door any minute.”
I glanced at my mother again. “Are you sure? I don’t have to go.”
“Yes. We’ll call you if there really is a problem,” replied my mom.  
“Okay,” I replied, a little relieved. I really didn’t want to be there when Melody got home and was hollered at. She’d probably blame me for her getting into trouble.
Dad looked at his watch. “We should get going. There’s a hockey game I’d like to watch at four. If we’re lucky, we’ll make it there before the game starts.”
My mom’s eyes widened. “Richard!”
He grinned sheepishly. “Sorry, Mary. Hey, it gives me something to do while you guys wait for her to come home.”
“And if she doesn’t?” asked my mom, folding her arms across her chest.
 “I know, I’ll TiVo it,” he said, walking toward the stairs leading to the family room.
My mom smirked and shook her head. “I don’t know what he’d do without cable,” she replied, turning back to me. 
“No doubt.”
“There’s some leftover lasagna from last night in the refrigerator,” she said, picking up her purse from the coffee table. “Unless you’re going to grab a bite to eat before the movie?”
“No. We’ll just eat popcorn.”
“Okay.” She opened up the closet and took out her camel-colored Uggs. “I’ll text you when she comes home, or,” she frowned, “if we find out that she really is missing.”
“I’m sure she’ll be fine. It’s Melody, mom.”
“I know.” She zipped up her boots and then walked over to me. “Have fun at the movies,” she said, kissing the top of my head.
“I will. Look at you in those heeled boots,” I grinned. “You must be five-two now.” 
My lack of height came from my mother. 
“You think so?” she replied, staring down at them.
My dad walked back upstairs. “Oh, I like those, Mary,” he said, wiggling his eyebrows. “Are they new?”
“No, I just never wear them.”
“They’re cute,” I said.
“Cute? They’re sexy. You can wear them in the bed any time you want,” he teased.
“Oh, my God,” I groaned. “You’re gross.”
He laughed and grabbed his car keys from the credenza. “Lock the door when you leave, Pumpkin.”
“I will.”
He turned to me and his face became serious. “Watch yourselves. I’m pretty sure this thing with Melody is nothing to be concerned about, but you and Susan are both good-looking, young girls and… well, there are monsters out there.”
“Yes,” I replied, trying not to roll my eyes. As far as I was concerned, both of them were way too overprotective.
He put his hands on my shoulders and squeezed. “Honey, I know you’re tired of the same old spiel, but you know, being a prosecutor I’ve come face-to-face with some real dirt-bags. The absolute scum of the earth. The worst part is that there are so many out there who have yet to be caught.” His forehead wrinkled. “I just worry about you.”
“Oh, I’ll be fine,” I replied, smiling up at him. “You know me.”
He released my shoulders. “I know I’d beat the living tar out of anyone who ever hurt you. Anyway, just always be aware of your surroundings and make sure you never run out of gas again.”
I shuddered, remembering that freaky night. “I guarantee that will never happen again.” 
He chuckled. “I bet.”
A year ago, I’d run out of gas around ten o’clock at night, on a deserted freeway.  I’d forgotten my cell phone at home, and had ended up walking to the nearest gas station. The road had been dark and spooky, and I’d almost felt like someone had been watching me from the woods. By the time I’d gotten to the station, I’d just called my dad to come and pick me up, too terrified to walk back alone with a canister of gasoline.
“Richard,” said my mother, staring at her watch. “We should get going. I told Jody we’d be there in an hour and… that was over an hour ago.”
“Fine. Can we pick up some tacos along the way?” he asked. “I haven’t eaten since noon.” 
“There’s no time. I can always order a pizza or something when we get there.” She turned to me. “Chelsey, have fun tonight, and don’t worry about your cousin.”
“Okay.”
“Maybe I should go with Chelsey and Susan,” said my dad. “Check out the movie theater. Make sure Melody isn’t hiding out there?”
She pushed him toward the door. “Would you just stop, already?” she said, shaking her head. “You’re coming with me.”
He looked at me over his shoulder and smirked. “I had to try.”
“I know.”
“Maybe you should try harder at being more sympathetic to my sister,” said mom.
 He closed the door before I could hear his response, which I knew would probably make her laugh. I was one of the very few and fortunate who had parents that bickered, but lovingly and forgivingly. I couldn’t say that about many of my friends’ parents or even Aunt Jody. She’d been divorced for ten years after being cheated on, and hadn’t had much luck dating. From what my mom said, her ex-husband had been reckless and out-of-control. He liked to drink, party, and live on the edge, and, obviously, his daughter was hell bent on following in his footsteps.    

Chapter Three

Chelsey

After they left, I went upstairs and slipped into a pair of blue jeans, with a thin, cream-colored V-neck sweater. It was near the end of October and the nights were getting frosty. I didn’t mind, though, I loved winter and couldn’t wait for the first big snowfall to hit. My parents owned snowmobiles, and there was nothing better than whipping across freshly powdered fields at night, with the stars twinkling above your helmet. It was such a blast that I’d already decided school wasn’t going to deter me from going out this year. Even if I had to stay up both Friday and Saturday nights, cramming and studying, I’d make time for our Sunday snowmobile excursions. I wouldn’t miss them for anything.
 I took out my ponytail, and straightened it with a flat iron. When I was finished, my hair hung just past my shoulders and looked almost as silky as the models did in those hair commercials. Nodding in approval, I grabbed a tube of mascara just as my cell phone rang.
“Hi,” said Susan. “You almost ready?”
“Yeah. What movie should we see?” I asked, holding the phone against my shoulder as I applied the ebony color to my eyelashes.
“I was thinking about that new superhero one. That guy is so hot.”
“The blonde guy with the hammer?” I asked, thinking that he could definitely get my mind off of Melody.
“Hell yeah.”
I laughed. “What time is the movie showing?”
“Seven-twenty. You don’t mind driving over here, do you? My brakes are acting up. I’m going to bring it in tomorrow morning before work and see what’s wrong.”
Susan was my age and used to live across the street. She’d moved to Shore Lake in the eleventh grade, which was about twenty miles from Beaver Creek, but we’d remained good friends. “That’s fine,” I answered, making a mental note to check my gas situation.
“Cool.” She sighed. “I’m just so glad someone switched with me tonight. I really didn’t feel like working three late shifts in a row.”
Susan was a waitress at Ruth’s Diner. I’d only been there a handful of times, but the food was great and the portions were monstrous. Needless to say, they were always busy. “Hmm… I wonder if I should try and get a job there,” I said. “I could really use the money. Maybe even a couple of hours a week?”
“I could talk to Rosie,” she replied. “I’m sure she’d hire you.”
“Wait, didn’t she just hire that girl, Nikki, recently?” I asked, biting off a hangnail. “I suppose she’s not looking for anyone else, if that’s the case.”
“She was hired during the summer, but I’m telling you, we could still use the help. She’s always short-staffed.”
“That would be really cool. I’d only need a few hours a week and… we’d get to see each other more.”
“Exactly.”
 So, what’s Nikki like?” I asked. “She nice?”
“Very, and her brother, Nathan, he’s kind of a spaz, but adorable.”
I raised my eyebrows. “I didn’t know you had a thing for her brother.” 
“Actually, I forgot to mention it, but we went out a couple of times during the summer. It didn’t really go anywhere. He works so many hours at that marina across the street. Anyway, I heard he’s been hanging out with that girl, Celeste.”
An image of a redhead with perfect skin, a perfect smile, and a perfect body flashed through my head. From what Susan had told me last year, she was also a perfect bitch. “Isn’t her dad the town’s sheriff?”
“Yes. You know, he and Celeste are both kind of weird. She’s actually friends with those guys who used to come in at night and just stare at the other customers, creeping them out. Remember I told you about them? The guys who Amy had said were vampires.”
 I chuckled. “Vampires?”
“Don’t laugh,” she said, sounding serious. “Amy’s ex, Ethan, was part of that group. God, he freaked the hell out of me. I’m just happy he hasn’t been coming around lately.” 
“I still can’t believe that Amy killed herself.”
“Well, you know how I feel about all of that,” she replied. 
I did. Amy Kreger had supposedly committed suicide, but Susan, on the other hand, thought that Ethan had something to do with it. “I know. Let’s hope you’re wrong, and that she really did just kill herself. Didn’t you go out with one of Ethan’s friends?”
“Yeah, Drake. The guy from Australia.” She sighed. “I still don’t know what happened to him. He just kind of vanished, too.”
“Hmm… he didn’t call you or anything?”
“Nope.”
I’d never met Drake, but had heard about what a hottie he’d been. 
“Oh, and get this… before Ethan disappeared, he started hitting on Nikki.”
“Seriously?”
“Yeah.”
“What did she do?”
“Well, Nikki was seeing this other guy, Duncan, and I think she blew off Ethan. They’re not together anymore though, either.”
“Nikki and Duncan?”
“Right. She told me that they weren’t even on speaking terms. You know, now that I think about it, their breakup may have had something to do with Ethan.” She paused. “Damn, I want to ask her, but I don’t want to look too nosy.”
I snorted. “Susan, admit it, you are nosy and it’s going to kill you if you don’t find out.”
She laughed.
“Just ask her. If she doesn’t want to tell you, she won’t,” I answered, walking down the hallway towards my bedroom.
“True. God, it’s like one big soap opera.”
“Speaking of soap operas,” I said. “My cousin Melody is missing.”
“What?!” 
I reached into my dresser drawer and pulled out a new pair of white socks. “Yeah, I guess she went to Club Nightshade last night to see some band play.”
“Ah… Venom. I’d heard they were playing last night.”
“Venom?” I’d never even heard of the band.
“They’re from Europe, and are really getting popular. That gal who owns Club Nightshade must have spent a fortune to get those guys to play in Shore Lake. I’ll bet the tickets were outrageous.”
“Huh,” I replied, pulling my socks on. “Well, that’s who Melody went to go see last night. Nobody has heard from her since.”
“Wow. Hey, I heard the main singer, Slade, is a total hunk. I’ve heard him on the radio. If he’s as sexy as that voice of his, I wouldn’t doubt if every girl in town was trying to get in to see him last night.”
“That’s not good,” I replied. “I’m sure a popular band like Venom would attract some real weirdoes.” I sighed. “Great, now I’m worried about Melody.”
“She’s really missing?”
“Well, she never came home last night. I guess I don’t really know.”
“Maybe she’s been partying or something. You told me before that Melody likes to drink.”
“Yeah. That’s what I hope is happening. My aunt is freaking out, though. She says that Melody hasn’t returned her texts or phone calls.”
“Is that normal?”
“She usually returns her texts, I guess.”
“Crap, that’s not a good sign.”
“I know.”
“Hey, do you want to go to the club and find out if anyone knows anything? I’d like to check the place out anyway. I still haven’t been there.”
I raised my eyebrows. “How would we even get in to that place? Tuesdays are Teen-Nights, right? It’s Friday.”
“You forget - I have a fake I.D.”
I grunted. “You know, I think everyone has one of those but me.”
“Eh… it’s not like I use it very much. Curt Hammer made it for me last summer, after he forgot his credit card at home and couldn’t pay for his meal.”
“So, you have a fake I.D. How am I supposed to get in?”
She sucked in her breath. “I know… I know… you can use Katie’s! I still have hers because she’s been too damn chicken to use it. Hold on, I have it in my nightstand, somewhere,” she said. “I talked Curt into making one for her, too. Yep, here it is. Wow, seriously, now that I look at the picture, I just know you could pass for her. No problem.”
Katie was a girl that Susan had graduated with last year, one I’d never met. I bit my lower lip. “I don’t know if this is such a good idea.”
She groaned. “Come on, it’ll be fun. We don’t even have to drink anything; we’ll just ask questions. See if anyone remembers her. You’re the one who’s going to school to become a Private Investigator, right?”
“A Forensic Investigator.”
“Whatever. You know what I mean. Come on, Chelsey, let’s do it! The movie can wait.”
I had to admit, it was an intriguing idea. “Well, maybe we can just stop in for a little while.”
“Yes!” she said. “Like I said, I’ve been meaning to check the place out, but couldn’t find anyone to go with me.”
“Great, now I know the real reason you suggested it.”
“Chelsey! It’s not just that. I want to make sure Melody is okay, too,” she protested. “You know me.”
“I know,” I replied, although I also knew that she and Melody had never really gotten along. But Susan was my friend and had a good heart.
“Oh, I have to find something else to wear. I don’t want to look like a slob. I’m sure there will be some totally hot guys in that place.”
“I’m not dressing up,” I said, looking down at my jeans and sweater. “Just so you know.”
“That’s fine. You know what… I’m not dressing up either. Screw it.”
“What time should I pick you up?”
“Seven. I’m sure there will be a line to get in.”
“Okay,” I said. “I’ll see you then.”
“Cool. I can’t wait to check that place out. Who knows, maybe Melody will be back there.”
“Maybe,” I said, although there was a knot in my stomach telling me otherwise.

Chapter Four

Chelsey

When I pulled up to Susan’s house and she got into the passenger side of my car, I smiled wryly. “Not dressing up, huh?”
Tossing her light brown hair, she grinned. “If we’re going to be ‘undercover’, I figured I’d better play the part.”
“We’re not actually ‘undercover’,” I said. “We’re just… investigating.”
She pouted. “Yeah, but it’s more fun pretending that we’re ‘undercover’.”
“Well, I guess in a way we are ‘under-cover’,” I replied in amusement. “I mean we’ll be using fake I.D.s.”
“Which reminds me...” She unzipped her black purse. “Here,” she said, handing me a Montana state driver’s license. “This is you.”
I looked at the picture and my eyes widened. “This says I’m five foot eight.”
She bit her lower lip. “You didn’t happen to wear heels, did you?”
“Even with heels I’m not even close. Dang it.” I tapped my forehead against the steering wheel a couple of times. “Susan,” I said, turning to her. “I hope to God we don’t get arrested for this. My parents would kill me!”
“Relax; they’re not even going to look at your height or weight. All they care about is the year on the license.”
“Let’s hope so.” I looked at the girl in the photo again. I had to admit, she did look similar to me. Sighing, I slipped the I.D. into the front pocket of my jeans. “I just hope they don’t quiz me or anything.”
“You worry too much. Trust me, they won’t.”
I pulled out of her driveway. “Famous last words.”
Giggling, she flipped down the visor and applied lip gloss.  She rubbed her lips together and then flipped the visor back up. “You’re so paranoid.” 
“You should be, too. We’re breaking the law, and obviously, if we get caught, we’re screwed.” 
“Nah,” she said, slipping the tube of lip gloss back into her purse. “We won’t. Nothing interesting ever happens to me. The highlight of my day is counting my tips after I’m done working.”
“I wouldn’t call going to jail interesting.”
“You know what I mean. There is nothing exciting about my life. At least, not at the moment. My job is boring, my clothes are boring, and my love life is also freaken’ boring.”
It was like déjà vu. I’d pretty much told my mother the same thing earlier.
“Your clothes aren’t boring,” I replied, glancing at her sparkly silver sweater and black skirt. 
She smirked. “Yeah, it’s because I borrowed the outfit from my forty-year-old mother. How lame is that?”
I laughed. “Well, your mom has great taste in clothes.”
“She’s single. Single women usually do.”
“You’re single, what’s your excuse?” I teased.
She slugged me playfully. “Bitch.”
“I’m just giving you crap. I’m wearing jeans and a plain old sweater. It’s not exactly exciting either.”
“You’re pretty, though,” she replied. “You could wear anything and the guys wouldn’t notice because of those eyes.”
“My eyes?”
“Yeah. You’ve got cat-eyes.”
“Really?” I asked, glancing at them in the rearview mirror. 
“I’ve told you a million times, your eyes are wicked.”
“Thanks,” I replied. “Although I have to admit, ever since Billy Santino said that my eyes freaked him out in the fourth grade, I’ve been kind of self-conscious about them.”
She snorted. “Please…Billy Santino had a crush on you since the first grade. Your eyes didn’t freak him out, girlfriend. He just had it bad for you. Always did.”
I had to stop my jaw from dropping. Billy had actually turned out to be pretty hot. Well, annoying as all hell, but definitely drool-worthy. “What? How do you know that?”
“Because he told me. Told me he’d always wanted to ‘tap Chelsey’s ass’.”
“Tap my ass?” I burst out laughing. “You’re kidding me?”
“I know… what a pig, huh?”
“I’d say, but seriously, I had no idea he was interested in me.”
“That’s because he thought you hated him,” she replied. “I talked to him at the diner about a year ago and he told me that you used to glare at him all the time in the halls at your school.”
I snorted. “I’m sure I did, because of the comment he’d made about my eyes!”
She laughed.
“Anyway, I would have never gone out with him. Heck, he cheated on Sandy Mayer during the last two years of high school, when they were dating.”  
“Did he really? Well, if I remember she was a royal bitch. She probably deserved it.”
“Nobody deserves it,” I said, although Sandy had been a real snob and we’d never actually gotten along. 
Maybe it was because she knew her boyfriend wanted to tap my ass, I thought, stifling a giggle. 
“They were made for each other,” she said. “They’ll probably get married, have babies, and he’ll cheat on her with bathroom whores at Teddy’s, when he’s supposed to be working late.”
Teddy’s was a seedy strip joint, just outside of Beaver Creek, and known for having broken up a lot of marriages. Rumor had it that many of the strippers would do anything for a twenty, and the place was always packed.
“Yeah, I’ll bet you’re right there,” I replied, pushing Billy out of my mind. I turned on the radio and scrolled through the stations until I found a new song by Maroon Five that I really liked.
Susan reached over, turned it up louder, and began singing with Adam Levine. “He’s so hot,” she said, as the song ended. “I need to buy one of his CDs.”
“Yeah, I love his voice. Uh, here we are,” I said, pulling into the parking lot of the nightclub. I’d driven by it a couple of times on my way to Susan’s, but hadn’t given the place much thought until the last few hours. Now that the mirrored building was lit up with strobe and fluorescent lighting, it was pretty impressive, especially for such a small town in the middle of Montana.  “Looks pretty… swanky.”
Susan fluffed her hair as we parked. “I heard this place gets nuts after midnight.”
I turned off the engine. “Since it’s one of the only clubs around, that doesn’t surprise me.” 
She unbuckled her seatbelt and grabbed her purse. “You ready?”
“I guess so.” I looked at the building again and a knot formed in the pit of my stomach. “You sure we won’t get caught?”
She opened the car door and got out. “Just act confident and you’ll be fine. Come on.”
I slid out of the car and locked the doors. “Okay,” I replied, trying not to chicken-out. She’d obviously done something like this before at other bars, so she knew what she was doing.
Clutching my purse tightly, we walked to the front door and found that there wasn’t a line yet.
“Slow night?” asked Susan, handing the bouncer her I.D. 
“It’s early,” he replied, looking at the fraudulent card.
“True. I know it gets pretty crazy here at night.”
He didn’t reply. 
I stared at him nervously as he looked over her fake I.D. His nametag read “Honi”, and he was bald with a spider web tattoo that wrapped around his neck, and had muscles the size of coconuts on each arm. When he looked up, his dark eyes went directly to mine. 
I smiled innocently.
“You’re next, Cupcake,” he said, handing Susan back her I.D. 
Cupcake?
I cleared my throat and handed him the I.D, our fingers brushing. His skin was unnaturally cool, even for October and the brief contact gave me the chills.
He smiled, a big, toothy grin. “You nervous?” he asked, his eyes glittering in the darkness.
“No,” I answered, trying to look confident, although I was almost peeing my pants. 
He glanced down at the I.D. and then back at me. “Your I.D. doesn’t do you justice, Cupcake.” He smiled and handed me back the I.D. “You’re much better looking in person.”
“Uh, thanks,” I replied, my face turning two shades of pink. 
“You two, behave,” he said. “Or we’ll have to get the whips out, and you don’t want that.”
My eyes widened. “Whips?”
He chuckled and looked at Susan. “She always this gullible?”
Susan smirked. “Only after dark.”
His face became serious. “That’s when you have to be the most careful,” he said. “Especially in this place. Pomaika`i, ladies.”
My eyes widened. “What does that mean?”  
“Good luck.”
His words made the hair stand up on the back of my neck. “Oh.”  
“Uh, thanks,” replied Susan, grabbing my arm and pulling me away.     
I glanced over my shoulder and noticed that he was still watching us.

Chapter Five 
Chelsey

“That was weird,” said Susan, handing the coat-check girl her jacket. 
“I know. But at least he didn’t say anything about the I.D.s,” I whispered.
She slung her purse over her shoulder. “Exactly. Told you everything would be cool.”
I looked down the hallway leading to the dance area. It was dark and the music was so loud, it made my teeth vibrate. “You ready?” I asked, feeling anxious now that we were inside of the club.  
“Yeah. Should we get a drink?”
“I’m just drinking soda,” I said, wanting to keep a clear head. I’d had a half-can of beer once, and even that had made me dizzy.   
“Suit yourself,” she said. “But I’m having a Cosmopolitan. I’ve always wanted to try one.”
“What is that?”
“It’s a martini.”
“Oh.”
She looped her arm through mine and walked me toward the bar. “We’re undercover, remember? We need to play the part.”
“I can still do that without booze,” I said. “Not everyone drinks alcohol here, I’m sure.”
“Fine, I’ll just tell everyone you’re my sober-cab.”
“Great idea.”
When we entered the main part of the club, I froze in my tracks, amazed at how big the place actually was. Not only did it have two floors, but on the first level, there was an expansive oval bar already crowded with customers, and a dance floor nearby that rivaled my old high school gymnasium. Next to the dance floor was a stage with music equipment from Venom still set up.
“Look.” I pointed at the stage. “I wonder if they’re playing again?”
“The club would have charged us an arm-and-a-leg to get in,” she replied. “Venom doesn’t play for free.”
“I suppose. Too bad. We might have gotten information from them. About Melody.”
“Chances are we wouldn’t have been able to get close to the band, even if they had been playing tonight. I’m sure their security is tight.”
“Yeah, I’m sure you’re right.”
A new hip-hop song began to play. “Come on,” hollered Susan as the volume increased. “Let’s get a drink.”
I followed her to the bar, still paranoid that we were going to get caught and land in jail. 
“Well, hello there,” said a hot bartender with light brown hair, green eyes, and a lazy smile. “Looks like we have some fresh blood here this evening. Excellent. So, what’s it going to be, lovely ladies?”
Susan smiled. “I’ll have a Cosmopolitan.”
“Great choice,” he turned to me. “And what about you? Same?”
I shook my head and ordered a diet soda.
“Sure you don’t want to add a little rum for fun?” he asked, leaning forward with a twinkle in his eyes. 
“No, that’s okay.”
“Suit yourself,” he replied, and then began mixing Susan’s drink.
“So, Brian,” said Susan, staring at his nametag. “I heard Venom was playing last night. Did they put on a good show?”
“It was phenomenal,” he said, shaking her martini in a silver decanter. “Too bad you missed it.”
“Why is their equipment still here?” I asked, nodding towards the stage. “Are they going to play again?”
A guy standing next to me wearing a long, black, leather jacket, turned around. He had dark hair and eyes so blue, they looked like tinted contacts. “Sorry to interrupt,” he said. “They are actually playing a song tonight. Just one.” 
“Really?” I asked, perking up. 
“Yep,” replied the stranger. “It’s the club owner’s birthday and he’s going to sing ‘Happy Birthday’ to her.”
“That’s awesome,” I replied, handing Brian a twenty-dollar bill. “Does she know?”
“No,” he smirked. “So, keep it hush-hush or, I’ll have to kill you.”
Susan snorted. “Really, Ethan? You seriously think that old line is funny?”
My head whipped around. “You know him?” I mouthed.
“Susan, humor is not one of my strong-points, which is why I never attempt it.”
Brian burst out laughing. “Leave it to Ethan to try and freak out the ladies. Don’t listen to him, he loves messing with young girls.”
“So, I’ve heard,” replied Susan, taking a sip of her drink. She licked her lips and set the glass back on the bar.  “I’d also heard that you left town, Ethan.”
He took a sip from what appeared to be a ‘Bloody Mary’. “Is that right. From who?”
“Nikki.”
His face softened. “Nikki... So, is she still working at the diner?”
Susan pushed her hair behind her ears. “I think you already know the answer to that.”
“You’re right. I do. Maybe I should pay her a visit,” he replied, tossing back the rest of his drink. 
I hated tomato juice and watching him slam it down made me shudder.
“So, tell me… do you know where she is right now?” he asked, licking all of the red juice from his celery stick.
“I don’t know. She might be working,” replied Susan, watching him closely. “Enjoy your drink much?”
He dropped the celery back into the glass and then shoved it toward Brian. “More than you know. Brian, I’m taking off. Tell Faye I’ll be back later if she asks.”
“She’s gonna be pissed when she finds out that you flew the coop on her birthday,” replied Brian.
He smiled cockily. “She could never stay mad at me.”
“Famous last words,” he replied. 
Ethan smirked. “I’m seriously not worried.”
“Right,” said Brian.
“Excuse me… Ethan? Uh, when is Slade supposed to sing?” I asked, as he turned to leave.
He turned around to face us again. “About ten minutes from now. Remember what I said - don’t tell anyone. It’s a surprise.”
“I won’t tell,” I replied.
He stared at me for a minute and then reached into his pocket. “Here,” he said, writing something on the back of a card. “Bring this free pass upstairs to the V.I.P. room after he’s done. You can meet the band.”
“Seriously?” squealed Susan.
He winked. “Seriously.”
“So, is this like a bribe?” I asked.
 “Yeah, I guess it is. Plus,” he grinned wickedly. “Something tells me that Slade will thank me later.”
“Ethan,” said Susan, who I noticed was finished with her Cosmopolitan. “You know, I have to say… I was wrong about you. You’re a really, really nice guy.”
“Well, thank you, Susan. Brian, why don’t you get them both another drink while they wait for the show to start. On me.”
“You bet. You sure you don’t want something stronger than that?” asked Brian, pointing at my untouched soda.
“No, this is fine,” I answered, picking up the glass and drinking through the little straw.
“Come here, you big lug,” said Susan, opening up her arms. She was obviously feeling no pain after that stiff drink. “Give me a hug.”
I knew it had to have been my imagination, but it almost looked like his eyes were glowing an eerie orange color when she threw her arms around his neck, and gave him a friendly hug. 
Must be the lights in the club, I thought.
He stiffened up and stepped back. “Gotta go. Have fun, girls. Enjoy yourselves, and Susan, party like a rock star tonight.” He nodded toward me. “Your friend…ah…”
“Chelsey,” I offered.
He grinned. “Chelsey, is obviously your sober-ride tonight. Take advantage of it.”
She put her arm around my shoulders. “I believe I will. Hey, say ‘hi’ to Nikki for me.”
“Will do. Have fun tonight, girls,” he replied, walking away.
Susan removed her arm from my shoulders as Brian set another cocktail onto the bar. “I don’t know about you, but Ethan could use a little more vitamin E in his life.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“Come on…. the guy is paler than my mom’s pit bull,” she said, taking a sip of her second Cosmopolitan. “Pugsley.”
“At least he doesn’t smell like Pugsley,” I replied.
“Actually, he smells like candy,” she replied. “Always. It’s kind of a weird smell for a guy, but yummy all the same.”
I agreed.
 

  Chapter Six
Slade

“Let’s move as soon as this song is over,” I said to my drummer, Liam, as we stepped out of the dressing room in the back of the club and headed toward the stage. 
“I think we should stay one more night here,” he replied. “Relax and have a few beers. Head out in the morning and sleep the entire day while on the road.”
“You just want to snuggle up to the club owner,” said Jimmy, who played bass. 
Liam smirked. “Can you blame me? The woman is sexier than hell. I wouldn’t mind getting a piece of that before the night’s over.”
Sean, our keyboardist, snorted. “God, you’re such a dog.”
Liam grinned. “I won’t deny that.”
“I’d stay away from Faye,” I said, smiling at two girls who were staring at us with open mouths. 
“Oh, my God, that’s Venom!” shrieked the shorter one, fanning herself quickly. “Oh, my God… oh, my God!”
“I love you, Slade!” yelled the other one, throwing me kisses. 
I waved and kept walking.
“Why not?” asked Liam. “You want her for yourself, bro?”
“Not at all,” I said, grimacing at that notion. Even though I had to admit that she was a beautiful woman, Faye was also very dangerous. I could see it in her eyes. “She’s just not the kind of woman who has a one-night stand without expecting something more.”
“Hell, I’ll give her more the next time I’m in town,” he laughed.
I grinned. “Căcănar”.
“What’s that?” he asked.
“I think he just called you an ‘ass’,” replied Bradan, our other guitarist. 
“At least I get ass,” said Liam. “Slade is too good for most of our fans.”
“Sorry, but I’m not interested in using our fans for sex. It’s not my thing, and you should really refrain from doing it, too,” I answered. 
He snorted. “Hey, I’m doing both of us a favor. They get to go back and brag that they slept with a member of the band, and I get to relieve some of my pent-up… anxieties, by putting a smile on their pretty little faces. Nothing wrong with that.”
“Nothing, if you’re human,” I replied quietly. “But every time you have sex with one of those girls, you risk losing control.”
“I have more control than all of you combined,” he said as we entered the main part of the club. “They’re much safer with me than with you. Remember, I’m not like you cretins.”
He was right about that. Liam was a Lycan, while the rest of us in the band were all vampires. 

Chapter Seven
Chelsey 


Less than ten minutes later, there was a sudden burst of commotion in the center of the club. 
Susan sucked in her breath and smiled. “Oh, my God, there they are!”
I turned toward the stage as the band, Venom, emerged from the crowd and stepped onto it. 
“Wow,” I replied, feeling a little breathless myself. I couldn’t see much, but I had to admit that it was a little exciting to know that they were actually there and going to sing. 
“Let’s go,” said Susan, grabbing my arm.
“Where?”
She looked at me like I was clueless. “Hello?! By the stage.”
“Are you kidding? We’ll never get close,” I said, pointing. There were already dozens of people fighting to get closer and more appearing from other parts of the club. To me it wasn’t worth the fight. “No way. Susan, people are going to get trampled and I, for one, am not going to be one of them.”
Her shoulders slumped. “You’re right. There’s no way we’ll get near them. Jesus, would you look at all of the people there already? It’s insane. Where in the hell did they come from?”
“Some of them were in the basement,” said Brian, pouring pink shots for a couple of girls who didn’t look much older than us. From the way they were embracing and kissing each other, they were obviously more than just friends. 
Embarrassed, I quickly looked away.
“The basement?” said Susan. “What’s down there?”
“Private parties,” he said with a sly smile. “I’ve never been to the basement, personally, but I’ve heard things are pretty intense down there.” He wiggled his eyebrows. “If you know what I mean.”
I didn’t know what he meant and wasn’t sure if I wanted to ever find out. “Let me get this straight, you’ve been here for a while and you’ve never been down there?” 
“It’s very elite. Even for the employees that work here. I guess you could say that most of us haven’t ever seen the basement. You need a special invite from Faye, even if you work here.”
“That’s really bizarre,” I replied, shaking my head. It made me wonder if my cousin had somehow ended up down there.
The lights dimmed even lower in the club, and I watched as a tall, dark-haired guy began to speak into the microphone on stage.
“Good evening, everyone,” he said. “Sorry to interrupt your partying -”
“We love you, Slade!” screamed one of the lesbians standing next to us. Then, both she and her girlfriend lifted their tops and flashed the band.
My jaw dropped.
“Classy,” mumbled Susan.
“Wow, well, thanks,” replied Slade, still staring toward us. “You’re making me blush.”
The two girls giggled and lowered their tops.
Slade began talking again. “The real star here tonight is that very lovely lady who invited us to come and play at her club. Now… a little birdy told me that it was a special occasion, and we just knew that we couldn’t leave Montana without wishing her a wonderful birthday. Everyone, give it up for Faye Dunbar!”
The crowd began to clap as one of the glass windows opened up in the balcony, where a group of people sat, drinking champagne and watching the stage. 
“Stand up, Faye!” hollered someone in the crowd.
An elegantly dressed woman sitting in the balcony stood up and waved. 
“Happy Birthday, Faye!” hollered a group of people in the back. 
“Thank you!” she answered, beaming down at everyone. 
“Faye, Birthday Girl, this song is for you,” said Slade as the band began to play the familiar jingle.
Slade put the microphone closer to his mouth and began to sing. His voice had a rich, deep timbre and it gave me goosebumps. I suddenly wished that I could get a closer look at him, but from the distance we were at, I could barely make out Slade’s face.  
“God is he gorgeous,” said Susan, stirring her drink. 
“I wish I could see him better,” I pouted, squinting my eyes.
“You still need glasses, don’t you?” 
“Probably. They’re not that bad, though. It’s just the lighting in here.”
“Right… You know, maybe I should drive home tonight?” she said, smirking. “I’d like to wake up tomorrow in someplace other than the coroner’s office.”
“Whatever. My eyes aren’t that bad. Seriously.”
“If you say so…”
I turned back toward the stage. “Is he really that cute?”
“Hell yes. Look, don’t worry,” she replied. “You’ll see him soon enough. V.I.P., remember?”
“Exactly.”
“Just don’t forget why we came,” she said, winking at me.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean a guy like that could make you forget to go home, if you know what I mean,” she replied.
My eyebrows shot up. “What? Are you saying that you think Melody may have really gotten together with Slade?”
“I don’t know. It’s possible when you look like Melody. She could get any guy in town, why not a hot, single musician?”
“He’s single?”  
“From what I hear. Although, it wouldn’t matter. Not these days. Rock stars like that always have girls hitting on them. I’m sure Slade sleeps with a new fan every night.”
I agreed.

Chapter Eight
SLADE

When we were finished with the song and getting ready to leave the stage, I stole another glance toward the bar. For some reason, I couldn’t stop staring at the little redhead in the cashmere sweater. I wasn’t sure if it was the fact that she looked so innocent and out of place at the club, or that her bluish-green eyes completely captivated me. Regardless, I was intrigued by a human and it had caught me off guard completely.
“Nice, huh?” said Liam, nodding toward the bar.
“Uh, yeah. She’s definitely a looker.”
His eyebrow arched. “I was talking about the girls making out over there. The ones who flashed us their goodies. Who in the hell are you talking about?”
“Nobody,” I replied as the club’s security accompanied us off of the stage. The crowd had grown considerably and were now screaming and yelling for us to play more songs.
“Should we do another one?” asked Jimmy, looking around. “I mean, I feel like we owe the fans, you know?”
I stopped in my tracks and turned around. “Fine. Just one.”
“Let’s do that new one you wrote,” said Liam. “See how they like it.”   
“Yeah, Dark Dreams,” agreed Jimmy.
“Okay,” I replied, thinking that one more song would give me a little longer to process what I was feeling about the girl at the bar.
When we made it back onto the stage, the crown erupted in approval.
“Thank you,” I said, after turning the microphone back on. “You guys in Shore Lake really rock.” When they noise finally died down I grinned. “So… we can’t leave without one more song, we just can’t.”
The crowd hooted and clapped.
The band began to play the chords to a song that was very personal, one called “Dark Dreams”. Closing my eyes, I thought of the woman who’d inspired me to write it and joined them when it was time. I sang of losing everything to a girl, one who’d bewitched and haunted my dreams after tearing my heart apart. I sang of regret, heartache, and the torture of moving forward. It was a song I’d written well over one-hundred years ago, after falling for a human girl. 
Vanessa. 
Our passion had been like no other and I would have given my life for hers, in a heartbeat, but in the end, it was me who’d actually destroyed her. Vanessa had not been able live with the fact that she’d loved a vampire. A monster. When she killed herself, she’d also killed a part of me. From that day forward, I stayed away from humans and only associated with other immortals when I needed sex. Although I’d managed to make it work, it was still a very hollow existence.  
When the song ended, the crowd erupted in applause. Forcing a smile, I glanced toward the bar again, but noticed the girl with the red hair was gone. Then something caught my eye, and I looked near the other side of the stage, and there she was, right below it, grinning up at me.
Good God she was even more beautiful when she smiled….
When I grinned back, she lowered her lashes and blushed. It was then that my senses went into overdrive. I could tell from the look in her eyes and the way that she was breathing that her body had released endorphins in response to my performance. I’d excited the hell out of this human girl, and based on her obvious innocence, she probably didn’t even realize it.
A fire ignited in my stomach and my jeans grew tighter. In horror, I turned around and stared at Liam’s ugly mug, hoping it would be enough to kill my arousal. But, her face was all I could see in the back of my mind. Her delicate face, staring up at me with hunger.
Shit.
I’d never gotten excited onstage, and it had been years since I’d even allowed myself to think about a human girl in such a way.  Now I had a raging boner. 
“You okay?” asked Sean.
I didn’t answer. I was far from okay. 
“Dude, what’s up besides…” laughed Liam, nodding towards my zipper.
“Give me your guitar,” I said to Jimmy, gritting my teeth.
Grinning, he handed it over to me. 
I held it in front of my jeans and turned back to the audience. 
“Thank you, everyone!” I hollered, waving my hand and trying to avoid the human who’d gotten me so worked up. “Have a great night!” Then I walked off the back of the stage while security rushed to keep the fans from mauling me.
 

 

Chapter Nine
Chelsey
  
“Wow, that was awesome,” said Susan as we walked back over to the bar. “I still can’t believe that you wanted to fight our way over to the stage. I definitely wasn’t expecting that one.”
“Neither was I,” I replied, still shocked myself. But, after he’d started to sing, something had come over me. Like a moth to a flame, I’d been drawn to Slade’s voice, wanting to get as near to it as I could. He’d swept me away with the lyrics, and the emotion in his words had touched me deeply. I could see why he had so many fans, especially female ones.     
“Did you see the way he stared at you?” remarked Susan. “The guy looked like he wanted to jump your bones!”
My eyebrows shot up. “What?”
“He was hot for you. Even his eyes looked like they were on fire.” Her forehead wrinkled. “Actually, it was kind of weird how they glowed. I’m sure it was some kind of stage act with contact lenses or whatever.”
“Yeah,” I replied, having noticed the same thing. Ethan’s eyes had glowed the same way, and again, I blamed it on the lighting.
“Anyway, now I bet you can’t wait to meet him.” She smirked. “Hell, I bet he can’t wait to meet you. I mean, wow… the way he looked at you. I thought he was going to leap off of the stage, throw you over his shoulder, and carry you to his man-cave.”
My stomach grew warm with that idea. “Shut up. He did not.”
“He was definitely lusting after you. You should be thrilled.”
“Slade wasn’t lusting after me,” I said, trying not to smile. I had to admit, the idea was making me tingle.  
She giggled. “You’re such a virgin.”
“How do you know?”
“Because you’d have told me all the gritty details by now.”
I blushed.
She pointed. “And you wouldn’t be blushing.”
“Whatever,” I said as we stopped back by the bar.
“Hey,” said Brian, handing Susan her martini. “You forgot this. I saved it for you.”
“Thanks,” she replied, winking at him.
“We should go up to the V.I.P. now,” I said. “Before it gets too late. I really don’t want to stay here too long. I have a lot of studying to do tomorrow.”  
“Sure, but let me finish this first,” she said, stirring the martini. 
“I take it those Cosmopolitans are pretty strong,” I said, noticing how shiny her eyes were getting.
Susan grinned. “They are but they go down smooth.” She held out the glass. “Try some? Just a sip?”
Not wanting her totally wasted by the time we met the band, I extended my hand. “Sure, I’ll help you.”
She handed the glass to me. “They are so… yummy,” she said. Susan lowered her voice and gave me a lopsided grin. “Kind of like the bartender.”
Chuckling, I gulped down most of the drink and then shivered. It was really strong. 
“Hey,” she pouted as I handed her the glass. “You hardly left me any.”
“Sorry,” I replied, feeling my stomach get warm. I smiled as the heat spread to my cheeks. “I see what you mean. Those are damn good.”
“Would either of you like another one?” asked Brian, handing an older guy next to us a bottle of beer.
“No,” I said, grabbing my purse from the bar. “I think we’re going upstairs.”
“But, we’ll be back,” said Susan, smiling at him flirtatiously. 
“Hey,” I asked leaning toward Brian. “Just curious… you mentioned that you were working last night?”
“Sure was. In fact, I’m here most nights until close.”
Feeling more comfortable with him, especially now that the booze had loosened my tongue, I lowered my voice. “Did you see a blonde around my age here last night? About as tall as Susan with long hair and big blue eyes?”
“Yeah and even bigger boobs,” said Susan.  
Brian burst out laughing. “Sounds like half the girls who were here last night.”
And tonight, I thought, looking around again. 
“What’s her name?” he asked, wiping the top of the black-marbled bar with a towel. “Maybe it will ring a bell.”
“Melody Williams,” I said. 
His forehead wrinkled. “Hmm… Melody…. blonde hair and stacked, huh? Can’t say that I recognize the name, but that doesn’t mean she wasn’t here. Last night was jam-packed.”
“Oh, she was definitely here,” I replied. “Her friends, Veronica and Taylor, verified that.”
He swung the towel over his shoulder and gave me a curious look. “So, why exactly are you looking for this chick?” 
“She’s my cousin and now she’s missing. She supposedly took off with some guy last night and hasn’t made it home yet.”
Brian shrugged. “Maybe she’s still with the dude and just forgot about checking in.”
Susan grinned wickedly. “Exactly. Maybe she’s just too busy gettin’ busy to think about anyone else right now.”
He chuckled. “Exactly. Once they come up for air, you’ll hear from her, I’ll bet.”
“I hope so,” I replied, still not too sure myself. No phone calls from Melody, well that was one thing, but the texting thing disturbed me. She was addicted to her keypad and should have texted somebody by now.
Just then, my own cell phone began to vibrate. I pulled it out of my purse. “It’s my mom,” I said to Susan, staring down at the text. I sighed. “They still haven’t heard from Melody.”
“Crap,” said Susan. “I was hoping that you were getting some good news.”
“Me too. She says she’s staying with my aunt overnight,” I said as I began typing a message back, telling her that I was still out with Susan and would be home later.
“Is your dad staying, too?” she asked. “Or is he going to start badgering the police to start looking for her?”
I shoved my phone back into my purse and zipped it up. “I’m sure they’re going to file a Missing Person’s Report. It’s been almost twenty-four hours since Melody’s friends saw her.” 
She bit her lower lip. “I know what Brian said and all,” she said as we stepped away from the bar. “But what if something seriously bad has happened to her?”
“That’s why we’re here,” I said. “To see if anyone remembers seeing her, or the guy she left with. Melody kind of stands out in the crowd, you know? I would think that someone would remember her.”
“She definitely thrives on attention. So, um… are you going to ask the band if they know anything?”
“Well, I’m going to try,” I replied as we took the stairs. “I mean I didn’t exactly come here to ‘ooh’ and ‘ah” over these guys. I’m here for answers.” 
“Ditto. Hey, maybe we should have asked Ethan? I didn’t even think about that.”
“I did, but not until after he left. Unfortunately, it’s too late now.”
“Shit,” she said, looking back toward the entrance. “We should have asked the coat-check girl. I didn’t even think about that!”
“If it’s even the same one from last night.”
“Doesn’t hurt to ask.”
“We’ll, do it on the way out.”
“Good thinking. Hopefully Slade will remember something about her, too. I’m sure Melody made her way to the front of the stage to get his attention.”
“It wouldn’t surprise me,” I replied, picturing her making goo-goo eyes at him. After seeing and listening to him tonight, however, I couldn’t exactly blame her.
When we reached the top, there were three rooms marked “V.I.P.” We stepped toward the one with two security guards.
“Yeah, um… I think we’re supposed to give you this,” I said, holding up the card from Ethan. 
The taller of the two, Bill, a guy with a blond ponytail and goatee, took the card. “You say Ethan gave you this?”
I nodded.
“Yeah,” said Susan, her eyes big. “Don’t worry, we’re not going to stay long. Just want to meet the band and maybe get an autograph or two.”
The other security guard, Mason, a dark-skinned man with soft brown eyes and a friendlier face, leaned over and looked at the card. He read it and then smiled at us.  “Huh… well, I guess it’s your lucky night.”
“It appears that way,” I replied, as Bill handed me back the card.
“Or maybe not,” said Bill under his breath with a smirk.
“What was that?” I asked, looking up at him. With his thick lips and beady eyes, he was far from attractive.
Mason laughed. “Don’t listen to him. He’s just jealous.”
“Screw that,” said Bill. “I’m not jealous of those guys. I get all the chicks I want. I don’t need to be in a rock band for that.”
“Whatever. I’ll escort you two inside,” said Mason, turning back to us. “There might be some crazy shit going on in the V.I.P.” He smiled wickedly. “And you lovely ladies might just need some protection from the animals in there.”  
I looked at Susan nervously, wondering what we’d gotten ourselves into. There were a lot of rumors about the club. Creepy ones. 
Mason looked at my face and burst out laughing. “Hey, I’m just messing with you. You look like you’re about ready to take off running.” 
I forced a smile. “No. I’m fine. I knew that you were joking.”
He tilted his head. “You still look a little apprehensive. Don’t be. Nothing bad will happen to you,” he grinned wickedly, “unless you want it.”
I glanced at Susan, who was also smiling.
“Come on,” he said, stepping back so we could enter the lounge. “I’ll introduce you to Venom. I have a feeling they’re going to be happy when you two walk through the door.”
“Really?” asked Susan.
 “Hell yeah. They love meeting their fans.”
“We’re kind of new fans,” I said, hoping that nobody would ask me about the music or which song was my favorite. 
“That’s even better,” said Mason, walking us down the hallway. “The band just loves fresh meat.”
I sighed. “Great.”

Chapter Ten 
Chelsey


When we stepped into the lounge, I had to admit, it was very classy. 
“Wow, now this is what I call a night club,” said Susan, beaming. “I just can’t believe it’s hidden away in a small town like Shore Lake. The owner must have spent a small fortune on this place.”
“Only the best for Faye. She wouldn’t have it any other way,” said Mason.    
I thought the club below was impressive, but it was dull compared to the décor in this room.
Obviously, I thought, looking around, if this was where they catered to the rich and famous, then it would have to be pretty extravagant. 
“Swanky, huh?” asked Susan, elbowing me.
“Yeah, it’s nice,” I replied, raising my voice as another song began to play in the club.  
The lounge was extravagant and obviously catered to a higher-class customer. The room itself was dimly lit with a purplish hue. Curved leather sofas and black marbled tables lined the sides of the room, most of them already filled with hipsters, drinking and talking loudly over the music. In the back was a large crystal bar with two bartenders serving top-shelf liquor while scantily dressed servers, dressed in purple and black uniforms, walked around with plates of appetizers and drinks. 
  “This way,” said Mason, leading us toward an area that overlooked the dance floor below. As we drew closer I recognized the group playing cards around a table that looked like it had been sculpted out of amethyst. As we approached, the guys looked up from their game, eyeing us curiously. Everyone in the band appeared to be there, except Slade. 
“Mason, what’s up?” asked a guy, who I recognized as the drummer. He had shoulder-length blond hair and twinkling blue eyes. 
“Ethan sent them up. Fans of yours,” he replied and then turned to us. “I’m going to hand you off to these fellows now. Have fun, ladies.”
“Uh, thanks,” I replied, feeling totally sober and awkward now that we were standing in front of the band. 
“Sounds good to me,” replied another guy at the table. He had brown eyes and dimples so deep that I couldn’t help but return his smile.
“I’m Liam,” said the blonde guy, who reminded me a lot of Thor, which I knew Susan must have found thrilling. “So… you girls into poker?”
“I’ve played before,” replied Susan, grinning stupidly at him. Obviously, my observation had been dead on.
Liam, who towered over both of us, stood up and pulled over a couple of purple leather club chairs. “Here, sit down and we’ll deal you in. We aren’t playing for money or anything.”
“That’s because you still owe me from last weekend,” said the guy with the dimples. “Cheap-ass.”
“I don’t owe you shit,” replied Liam. “You’re dreaming.”
“If I was dreaming, you’d have paid me,” he replied as Susan and I sat down.
“Keep dreaming and maybe you’ll get your money,” chuckled Liam, taking a swig of his beer. “
Dimples laughed. “You’re such a dickhead.” 
Liam ignored him and turned back to us. “So, don’t be shy. What are your names?”
“I’m Susan and that’s Chelsey,” she said, smiling nervously. Obviously she was a little star-struck. I myself was pleasantly surprised that these guys were so easy going.
“What about you?” I asked, trying to relax.  
“We’re the guys your momma warned you about,” said Liam.
We all laughed this time.
“Seriously, though,” I said. “What are your names?”
“Thought you were fans,” said Liam, shuffling the cards. He grinned. “Or are you just ‘Slade’ fans?”
“No. Actually, although we do enjoy your music, we came up here for something totally different,” I replied.
“To play poker?” joked Liam, staring at me with amusement. “Please tell me your favorite is ‘Strip’. I always pay up for that.”
“No,” I replied, blushing. “Actually, we wanted to find out if any of you have seen my cousin. She’s missing.”
There was a long silence and then the guy with the dimples leaned forward. “Missing? When did she go missing?”
“Last night. I guess she came here to see your band in concert and then left with a guy. Nobody has seen or heard from her since.”
“And you find that odd?” laughed Liam.
“Exactly. She’s probably just pulling an all-nighter,” said another guy. He had short red hair and a goatee. Like the others, he was also very handsome. “I’m Sean, by the way. That’s Jimmy,” he pointed to the dimpled guy. “And that’s Bradan,” he said, nodding to a fourth guy who was texting someone on his cell phone. 
Bradan looked up and smiled. “Sorry, lass, I’m listening to you. Truly I am. Keep going.”
I licked my lips. “Well, like I said, she’s missing, but I don’t think she’s pulling an ‘all-nighter’. She hasn’t contacted anyone, not even her friends, and Melody can’t live without texting.”
Bradan held up his phone. “Like I said, sorry about this. I’m not normally this bad. It’s me ma. She won’t stop asking me to come home for the holidays.” 
I smiled at his accent. “So, are you the only one from Ireland?”
“We all are,” said Liam, although he didn’t have an accent. “Except for Slade. He’s originally from Romania. He lost his accent eons ago.”
I laughed. “So, I take it you’ve been in the U.S. for a while then?”
“Yes,” said Jimmy with a glint in his eye. “Centuries, in fact. Interesting place.”
“Wow, you sure age well,” teased Susan. “Let me guess… you’re really vampires and drink blood to stay young and virile?”
The table went quiet.
“Ha ha…” said Susan, shaking her head. 
“Ah… you Americans and your infatuation with vampires,” chuckled Liam. “It’s quite amusing.”
“Almost as amusing as our infatuation with zombies,” replied Susan. “Last week there was a ‘Zombie Bar Crawl’ in town.” She grimaced. “They all showed up at Ruth’s afterwards - drunk, hungry, and… creepy. I know they do it for fun, but zombies just freak me out, you know?”
I agreed. 
“What is a ‘Zombie Bar Crawl’?” asked Liam.
“People dress up as zombies and basically bar-hop all night long,” she replied. “They’ll do it again on Halloween.”
“That actually sounds like a lot of fun,” said Jimmy. “Hell, we could join them and have a regular night without obsessed fans. I wouldn’t mind getting all gored up for that.”
“I agree,” said Liam. “Don’t get me wrong… I’m grateful we’re getting more popular, but it definitely has its drawbacks.”
“I’m sure you’ve lost a lot of privacy,” I replied.
He nodded. “You have no idea.” 
“So, um, where is Slade?” asked Susan. 
 Liam looked over my head. “What do you know? Ask and you shall receive.”
When I turned around and saw Slade this close, my mouth went dry. He had to have been the hottest guy I’d ever seen. Dark hair, broad shoulders, a strong jaw, and eyes as green as the grass after a rainfall. 
“What’s going on?” he asked, staring down at us, his face dark and brooding. 
“Fans,” replied Liam. “Ethan sent them up.” 
Slade stopped next to me and I lowered my trembling hands to my lap. Although he was clearly irritated that we’d joined the table, I felt like there was a static connection between us. 
“Is that right?” he smirked. “You two are fans of Venom?”
“Uh, yeah,” I replied, smiling up at him weakly.
His eyes darted down to my chest and then back up to my lips, so quickly that I’d almost missed it. 
“Don’t mind Slade,” said Liam. “He doesn’t like to mingle with fans the way we do. Not usually. Tonight might be an exception, though.” He winked at me and then looked back up at Slade. “Is this the one from earlier?”
Slade ignored him and continued staring, to the point of making me uncomfortable. 
Liam laughed. “That’s what I thought. I think you actually got under his skin tonight, honey. That’s a miracle in itself.”
“Liam,” said Slade, his voice even. “Why don’t you go find yourself a jar of peanut butter and a girl to occupy yourself for the rest of the evening?”
The other band members laughed, but I was confused about the peanut butter.
“Do you like peanut butter, sweetheart?” asked Liam with a gleam in his eyes as he turned to Susan.
“Doesn’t everybody?” she asked, smiling, but also looking confused.
Slade laughed and then I felt his eyes upon me again. Although I was secretly thrilled that he was checking me out, it was also very irritating. I wasn’t naïve and knew that he’d probably already pegged me as an easy lay.
“So, you two are fans but neither of you were at the show last night,” he said softly.
Stunned, I looked back up at him. “And how do you know that?”
His smile was dazzling and made my stomach quiver. “I just do.”
“He just does,” mimicked Liam. “Slade thinks he knows everything, but the truth is, he’s just full of shit.”
“And that’s coming from someone who talks circles around people, just to confuse the hell out of them,” countered Slade, piercing him with a hard stare. 
“It isn’t hard,” said Liam. He smiled. “And I cannot tell a lie, it amuses the hell out of me.”
“You mean the look of being pissed off?” chuckled Sean.
“That too,” replied Liam, raising his beer. 
Slade pulled up another chair and sat down next to me. Our knees touched briefly and I flinched.
“Sorry,” he said, moving his leg closer.
“It’s okay,” I replied in a light, breathy voice. Yes, there was definitely a charge emanating from his body and it was making it difficult for me to breathe.   
“What’s your name?” he asked. His sultry eyes were hypnotic and beautiful. I almost wanted to take a picture of them with my phone, just so that I wouldn’t forget what they looked like up close. 
“Chelsey,” I replied and then quickly moved back so he could see Susan. “And that’s Susan.”
“Hello,” she said, waving with another silly grin.
“Hi.” His eyes moved back to me and I reminded myself to breathe normally. I was here to find Melody and not pant over Slade, no matter how hot he was. I wasn’t a star-struck groupie who would fall at his feet like most of the girls did off-stage. I was someone who needed his help and not his approval. “So, what brings you to the club this evening? Obviously, you’re not a regular.”
“How do you know that?” I asked, wondering if we stood out that much. I had to admit, I felt a little over-dressed compared to the slinky outfits most of the girls wore. I looked like I was going out for pizza, not clubbing.
“She’s here because she’s looking for her cousin, who’s missing,” said Liam, still watching us with an amused expression. 
Slade’s face became serious. “Really? Missing? 
“Yeah. Since last night,” I said. “Nobody has seen or heard from her since.”
Just then, Faye Dunbar walked into the lounge and the table became quiet.

“Great,” whispered Susan, dryly.
Faye Dunbar, who I figured had to be somewhere in her twenties, was the richest, as well as the coldest woman in Shore Lake. I’d never met her personally, but Susan had mentioned several bad run-ins she’d had with her at the diner. 
“Faye,” said Liam, standing up. “You are a gorgeous woman, you know that?”
Even I had to admit that she was very attractive. Tonight, she wore a cream colored dress that hugged her perfect figure, and diamond earrings that cost more than my parents’ new SUV. 
“Oh, Liam,” she said, smiling up at him. She pushed his chest playfully. “You’re such a flirt, but don’t ever, ever change.” 
He grinned. “You make a man like me want to change, sexy. Just say the words and I’ll leave my entire harem for you.”
“I’d tire you out, Liam,” she teased back. “Just ask my harem.”
He laughed. “That’s rich, I like that. So, can you stay and have a drink with us?”
“I’m sorry, but I can’t. I do need to speak to Slade, though,” she said, turning her eyes toward him. “Can you spare a few minutes of your time?”
“Sure.”
Faye’s gaze shifted to me and I felt a shiver go up my spine. There was no warmth in those eyes, and I knew instantly that the woman didn’t like me. 
“Do I know you?” she asked, staring at me like I was an uninvited guest in her home.
“Uh, no,” I replied, trying to smile. “I don’t think so.”
She wrinkled her nose as if smelling something foul and then her eyes moved over to Susan. “You work over at Ruth’s, don’t you?”
“Yes,” replied Susan nervously.
I watched as Faye reached up and patted the side of her long, blond hair. It was so shiny and sleek that I couldn’t help but feel a twinge of envy. She kind of reminded me of a famous actress from one of my mother’s old black-and-white movies. With her style and perfect features, I just knew I could never look as glamorous as this woman. I began to wonder if there was something going on between her and Slade, and if that was the reason she was acting so frosty. 
Faye titled her head to the side and smirked. “Funny, I didn’t think you were of age to be here tonight, Susan.”
Susan’s smile didn’t falter and I had to give her credit. “Of course I am.”
“Good, because I would be very angry if I had minors sneaking into my club,” she replied stiffly. “It would be bad for business and even worse for the person doing it.”
Susan’s face went white. “I have an I.D.”
“Good for you,” replied Faye, smiling coldly. “Don’t lose it.”
Slade stood up quickly. “So, you said you needed to talk, Faye?” 
She turned, her eyes raking over the white graphic T-shirt, emphasizing his narrow waist and broad shoulders. Obviously, he still found time to work out between gigs and she noticed it as well. I normally wasn’t into muscles, but damn… everything about Slade was sexy. “Yes. Is now a good time, Slade?” she asked, turning into the friendly club owner again.
“For you, Birthday Girl, I have as many moments as you need,” he replied, holding out his forearm.
She linked her arm through his and beamed up at him. “My, I guess it’s true what they say about you.”
“What’s that?” he asked with a slight grin. 
“That you’re as smooth as that voice of yours,” she replied. 
“Smooth as shit,” muttered Liam under his breath with a sneer.
“Boys, I’ll return Slade after I’m finished with him,” said Faye over her shoulder as they began to walk away. “Oh,” she turned around. “If anyone runs into Ethan, let him know that I’m looking for him.”
“Did you try calling him?” asked Sean.
“He doesn’t carry a cell phone,” she replied, frowning. “Refuses to own one, actually.”
“Why?” asked Bradan. “I couldn’t live without mine.”
“If he doesn’t get one soon, he may not live without one either,” she replied, looking serious.
The guys laughed but from her expression, she was clearly angry. Ethan was obviously in for an argument when he ran into her again. I wondered if they were seeing each other or somehow related.
“Let’s go chat, shall we?” she said to Slade.
“Lead the way.”
I watched as they stepped towards the exit and felt another wave of envy. Not only was she everything I wasn’t, but it was obvious that she had the sexiest guy in the club wrapped around her finger.  
Jimmy cleared his throat. “So, Chelsey, tell us again about your cousin.”
I told him everything I knew. After I finished, they asked if I had a picture of her.
I took out my phone and scrolled through photos I’d taken. When I came to a picture of Melody at her graduation party, I handed Liam the phone.
He bit his lip and nodded. “Yeah, actually, we did see her. Last night.”
My eyes widened. “Seriously? You did?”
“Sure did,” he replied.
“Let me see,” said Bradan, holding out his hand.
Liam handed him my phone and Jimmy also glanced at it.
“Oh yeah,” said Jimmy. “I remember that chick.” He chuckled. “Who wouldn’t?”
Bradan laughed and handed me back the phone. “I’m sure she’s fine. She was in good hands last night. Nothing to worry about.”
I raised my eyebrows. “Really? With whom?”
He picked up his beer and took a swig. “Slade.”   

 Chapter Eleven
Slade


“Who were your friends?” asked Faye as we stepped out of the V.I.P. lounge.
 “Just a couple of fans,” I replied quickly. I was still stunned that Chelsey had been at our table when I’d stepped out of the bathroom. Then, when I’d sat down next to her and inhaled her human scent, it had almost been too much to handle. I was attracted to everything about her, which was unsettling for me and potentially lethal for her. 
Faye raised an eyebrow. “Just a fan… well, she obviously thinks you’re the cat’s meow.”
I played it off. “Of course she does. All of my female fans do.”
“Yes, I’m sure they do,” she agreed, chuckling.
I wondered what Faye wanted with me. Not many people made me nervous, especially a woman, but there were rumors about this one that were disturbing, even for me. Rumors that included pleasure, pain, and unimaginable horror for those who crossed her. If she hadn’t agreed to pay such a high price for our band to perform at the club, I would have never gotten within ten feet of her. The only reason we were still in Shore Lake was to sing her the Birthday song, which she’d also set up and paid for. 
“In there,” she said, waving a hand toward her private office. 
“Okay,” I replied, a little relieved she wasn’t taking me into the basement. Liam had been told that there were some freaky things going on down there, including BDSM and orgies. I wasn’t into either and had no interest in seeing it live and in person.  
“Close the door,” she replied, walking around her white and black marbled desk. 
I obeyed and then sat across from her in a black leather chair.
She took out a pack of cigarettes from the top drawer of her desk. “Your performance last night was incredible,” she said, lighting the end of one. 
“Thank you,” I replied, leaning back in the chair as she blew out a stream of smoke. “I thought we played pretty well myself.”
She rested her chin on her hand and smiled. “So, tell me, Slade, what do you think of Shore Lake?”
I shrugged. “It’s very… wildernessy.”
She nodded. “Yes. Well, you get used to it. I’m originally from Vegas.”
It wasn’t a secret. “Oh, is that right?” I asked, feigning surprise. 
She took another drag of her smoke and blew out a ring. “”Yes that is right. I have a feeling you already knew that, however.”
I grinned sheepishly. “Not a very good poker-face?”
“Not this time, but something tells me that you could lie through your teeth and most wouldn’t be the wiser.”
“You’ve got me all figured out, huh?” I asked, not liking how this conversation was going. She obviously wanted something more from me. Something more than just a song. 
“Slade, dear, I know what you are,” she said in a low, amused voice.
I tapped my fingers against the arms of the chair. “Is that right? You know what I am?”
“Oh, yes… definitely. It’s why I brought you here.”
I grinned. “I’m lost… could you enlighten me as to what you’re talking about?”
“You’re a Roamer.”
I chuckled. “A Roamer? What in the hell is that?”
She leaned forward. “In Romania, I believe you go by ‘Vampire’. Some of the vampires here, however, prefer the term ‘Roamer’.”
I grunted. “You’re kidding, right?”
She blew out another stream of smoke. “I’m dead serious, Slade.”
I leaned back in my chair. “What am I supposed to say to all of this? I mean, a vampire? Really? You believe in that shit?”
She looked amused. “Come on now. Just admit it.”
“There’s nothing to admit,” I replied evenly. “I’m a singer in a band. Nothing more and nothing less.” 
“Fine,” she said, standing up. “If you’re not going to do it freely, then I’m going to have to play dirty, which I rather enjoy anyway.”
I rubbed my forehead and sighed. “Faye, you’re wasting both of our times. We need to get on the road soon.”
She walked over to a door on the other side of the office and opened it. “Bring in the girl.”
A security guard with long, brown hair stepped out of the other room holding the arm of a disheveled-looking young woman. One that I recognized from the night before. Today, she looked like she’d just rolled out of bed and hadn’t showered or changed her clothing. 
“Hi, Slade,” she said, staring over at me with pleasure. 
Frowning, I stood up. “What’s happening here?” 
 “Don’t you remember her?” asked Faye, now standing next to the blonde. She put her arm around the girl’s shoulder and smiled darkly. “She certainly remembers you.”
For the life of me, I had no idea what Faye was trying to pull. The girl didn’t mean anything to me other than she was another fan who had tried to catch my eye.
“Slade?” said the girl in a breathless voice. “Where have you been? I waited for you all morning and afternoon, but you never returned to the room.”  
I stared at her in shock. “Excuse me?”
Her face fell. “You seriously don’t remember last night? The after-party… and then the hotel?”
What I remembered was seeing her in the club, dancing in front of the stage, but that was it. I had gone to the after-party for only a short time, but then I’d left and gone to my hotel room. Alone. 
“Oh, for Pete’s sake,” snapped Faye. She grabbed the girl’s hair, baring her neck. 
“Ouch!” she hollered, trying to get out of Faye’s grasp. “Let me go!”
My mouth went dry as I stared at the vein in her soft, fragile neck. I imagined my tongue licking the salty flesh right before I buried my teeth into her supple skin. It was then that I realized I hadn’t fed for a few days and it was now catching up with me. “Faye,” I growled in a raspy voice. “Enough.”
With her long, red nail, she traced along the girl’s neck, enticing me further. “Lovely, isn’t it? I bet you’d love to sink your teeth into this little morsel.”
“Screw this shit,” I snarled, heading towards the doorway. “I’m outta here.”
“Are you sure about that?” asked Faye.
The girl screeched in protest and the scent of her succulent blood filled the air, awakening the beast inside. Unable to resist my own damning urges, I soon found myself straddling the human on the carpet as she stared up at me with terror.
“Slade?” she whispered, her lip trembling as I stared down at her, my own body quivering with need.
“Go on,” urged Faye.
Panting, I battled against the hunger burning inside of me, but with every breath, I felt my resistance weakening. It had been decades since I’d tasted anything this sweet and fresh. Normally, my meals were collected from plasma centers, which quelled my hunger to a point, but it still wasn’t nearly as glorifying as warm blood. Nothing was. 
“Feed. Do it,” demanded Faye, kneeling down next to us. “Rip her throat out and take what’s yours.” She gently ran a hand over the girl’s hair, smoothing it away from her face. “You do want to please Slade, don’t you Princess?”
The girl swallowed hard and nodded.
I looked at Faye, who I could tell was only doing this for some kind of twisted pleasure. Her evil malice gave me the strength that I needed to resist
“Enough,” I growled, releasing my hold on the girl. I stood up and offered her my hand.
“What in the hell are you doing?” snapped Faye, looking furious.   
I pulled the girl to her feet and glared at Faye. “The real question is, what are you doing and why?”  
Ignoring the question, she turned to her security guard. “Lucas, take the girl out of here. Bring her downstairs and give her to the Roamers.”
I pulled the girl back, away from Faye and Lucas. “You’ve already done enough to her. I’m getting her out of here.” 
“Oh, what a gallant gesture,” sneered Faye. “You do realize that she knows too much now, don’t you?”
“She doesn’t have to remember anything,” I answered. “I can make her forget all of this.”
Faye stared at me and I could see the wheels turning in her head. I wasn’t sure why she’d wanted me to confess something she’d already known. “What exactly do you want from me?” I asked, positioning the terrified girl behind me. “Because you’re really pissing me off, Faye.”
Her face softened. “You know, I believe that we started this conversation on the wrong foot.”
I waited for her to go on.
She licked her lips and smiled. “I want you to fire your manager, move to Shore Lake, and let me take care of your career from this day forward.”
I grunted. “You’ve got to be kidding.”
“Not at all. As you already know, I’m a very wealthy and successful woman. I have connections all over the world with people who can take your career to an entirely new level of success. Slade, I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams.”
“I’m already rich.” I’d accumulated a lot over the last three hundred years and our band did well. Money wasn’t even a motivator for me. Never had been. I only performed and sang, because it made me feel almost human. 
“Maybe, but you haven’t reached superstardom yet, Slade.” Her eyes glittered. “I can help you get there.”
“Thanks, but no thanks. We don’t need you.”
She smirked. “Is that right? Well, the rest of your band has already agreed to this. They want me to be your new financial advisor and manager.”
I stared at her in disbelief. “What? Bullshit.”
She went back around to her desk and turned on the laptop. “They even picked out a cabin already. Slade, moving here is the best decision for everyone. Vampires do need to stick together.”
“Are you saying that you’re a vampire?”  
She snorted. “Hell no. I’m a Shifter.”
Fuck, now that was bad news. Shapeshifters were dangerous, and most of them were known to have violent tempers when they didn’t get their way. Something told me that things were about to get uglier.
“It would never work. We don’t like to stay in one spot too long,” I replied. “I’d suffocate here.”
“You wouldn’t have to live here permanently,” she replied. “Hell, the Roamers have already proven to me that they are unable to settle anywhere for too long. But, when we move, you’d move. Eight months tops in Shore Lake and then we’ll move on to the next town. Together.”
I folded my arms across my chest. There was no way in hell I’d live near this psychotic bitch. “What do you get from all of this, besides more money and fame?”
“To be honest, I like to be in control. You’re relatively new to the U.S. and obviously don’t understand how things are done here.”
“What exactly does that mean?”  
Her face darkened. “Fine, I’ll tell you the truth - I run this part of the country. Me. Nothing happens without my knowledge or approval. There are those immortals who would challenge my authority and like more than anything to take away all of the power I’ve acquired. Of course, they always fail because I have an army to back me up. An army of your kind.”
“Then why do you need us if you’re so damn powerful?”
She smiled. “Let’s just say that I like you, Slade. I want you on the team.”
What she really wants is to control me and the band, I thought. Along with anyone else that poses a threat. There was no way I’d let that happen. “I need to speak to the band about this. Quite frankly, it would be inconvenient for us to settle here. Really inconvenient.”
Her eyes gleamed a purplish hue. “It would also be dangerous if you didn’t. Really dangerous.”
“I don’t take intimidation well,” I replied sternly. I’d survived a century in Romania, where vampires were hunted and crucified by both humans and other immortals. I’d been beaten and tortured by more than the likes of Faye Dunbar and there was no way that I’d allow her to push me around. 
“Then I suggest that you don’t do anything that will provoke any further threats,” she replied icily.
“You don’t frighten me,” I said. “So if I were you, I’d forget all about me and the other members of Venom. There is no way in hell that we are going to take orders from you.”
“You’re making a big mistake,” she said, standing up.
“Doubtful. I think we’re done here,” I said, preparing to leave. 
“Oh, you’re done, all right. Lucas, take the girl,” she ordered.
I turned to face Lucas. “Keep your hands to yourself, Roamer.”
Lucas hesitated for a moment, but then took a step toward us. 
“Stand down,” I hissed, baring my fangs. “Or you’ll all regret it.”
“Slade, seriously, reconsider what we’ve talked about,” said Faye. “You’re risking the lives of your entire band if you cross me, you know.”
“You’d better stop with the threats, Faye,” I said, backing away with the girl. “Before it’s too late.”
“Dammit, your defiance is infuriating!” she snapped, pushing a button on the side of her desk. 
The door in the back swung open again, and this time, three men dressed in club uniforms entered the office. 
“Escort Slade and this human to the basement,” said Faye. “And make sure they don’t escape.”
They nodded and advanced toward me. 
Swearing, I met them halfway.


Chapter Twelve 

Chelsey


“What?” I asked in shock.
“Now that pisses me off,” said Liam, frowning. “He was just giving me a hard time about screwing…” his eyes darted to me. “I mean partying with fans.”
“Well, he left the party with her last night. I believe they were heading to the hotel for a little something… something…,” said Jimmy, smirking.
“But she never came home after something… something…” I snapped, angry that I’d been so attracted to a player like Slade. What did I expect, though, he was in a band and drop-dead gorgeous. He wasn’t a normal guy that one dated or developed real feelings for. He was just a one-night stand that would never amount to even a phone-call afterwards. “So, he needs to help us find her.”
“Oh, he will,” said Liam, still scowling. “I’ll make sure of that.”
“You know, I’m a little surprised he left with her,” said Sean. “It’s not like him. Seriously.”
“That chick was really hot, though,” stated Jimmy, throwing his cards down. “I’m out.”
“Yeah, but he’s turned down hotter,” said Bradan. He looked at me. “No offense.”
“None taken,” I replied.
Susan stood up. “I think we should find him right now and ask what he did with her.”
“I think we know,” chuckled Jimmy.
She rolled her eyes. “You know what I mean.”
“I agree,” I said, not wanting to wait any longer. I just wanted to get out of the club and go home. I stood up. “Let’s go talk to your boy.”
“Faye might get mad if we interrupt their so-called meeting,” said Bradan. He shook his head. “That guy is getting all kinds of action this week.”
Liam, who appeared to be still sulking, stood up. “I agree with the girls, we need to find Melody, now. Plus, something doesn’t feel right, here. I can’t quite put my finger on it, but I’m feeling a little anxious. Let’s go interrupt them.”
The others stood up and we walked out of the lounge.
“Did you see where Faye Dunbar and Slade went?” Sean asked Mason, who was still standing just outside of the lounge, guarding the doorway.
He shook his head. “No, I’m sorry I didn’t see them.”
“They just walked out of here less than five minutes ago,” said Liam, who towered over Mason.
He shrugged. “Sorry, man, I don’t know where they are.” 
“If you see Slade, let him know we’re looking for him,” replied Sean.
“Hold on a second.” Liam cocked his head and then swore. “It’s Slade. He’s in trouble.”
“How do you know?” I asked, staring at him in shock. He hadn’t even pulled out a cell phone to check for messages.
“Let’s just say that he has exceptionally good hearing,” said Bradan.
“We gotta move,” said Liam, who turned and took off down the hallway. The others followed, running so fast that they seemed to have disappeared into thin air.
Mason muttered something under his breath and pulled out his phone.
I turned to Susan. “Did you see that?”
Her face was pale. “I don’t know. I think that drink I had earlier is making me crazy. They kind of like…vanished, didn’t they?”
“It almost seemed that way,” I replied, still stunned.
“Uh, what do we do?” asked Susan.
“Let’s go find them,” I said, pulling her arm.

Chapter Thirteen

Slade


“You done!?” snarled Lucas, who’d just slammed his fist into my face for the third time.
“Fuck you!” I growled, spitting out blood. Two of the Roamers had me pinned to the ground and the third was struggling to hold my legs.
“He’s stubborn, I’ll give him that,” chuckled Faye.
I glared at her. “Glad this amuses you.”
“Would you hold him down better?” complained Lucas as I broke my right arm free and punched one of them in the jaw.
Lucas stood up and kicked me in the ribs several times. 
“Asshole,” I growled. It hurt but my body healed so quickly that when he finished, there was nothing more than a dull ache.
“Slade!” screamed the blonde, who was in the corner, behind a filing cabinet.
“Run,” I ordered, but she just stared at me, frightened.
“Bring him into the basement. Maybe we can change his mind down there,” stated Faye. 
I spit out another wad of blood and it landed on her carpeting. 
She glared at me. “Great. I just had that installed last week, dammit. I’m going to need to replace it again.”
Lucas kicked me in the spleen. “Good going, fool.”
I grunted. “She can bill me.”
Before Faye could respond, her office door was kicked in and pieces of splintered wood flew everywhere.  
I sighed in relief as Liam and my boys entered the office. When they saw what was happening inside, all hell broke loose. Within seconds, I was free and Faye’s guards were being slaughtered.
“Stop!” hollered Faye, now staring in horror at the twist of events. It was obvious that we were much older and stronger; her men were useless in a one-on-one combat.
“You okay?” asked Liam, dropping the lifeless shell of Lucas to the ground. His fur and lycan features began to recede, until he was kneeling next to me, naked.
“I was until I saw you naked,” I joked, spitting out more blood. 
He stood up and waved towards his manhood. “Yeah, it’s a monster. I’d be scared too.”
I shook my head laughed.
 “Oh, my God!” shrieked Chelsey, who was now standing in the doorway with Susan, and staring at the nightmare in the office. The terror on her face wiped the smile from my face. I felt an urge to comfort her, but knew she’d freak out if I made any attempt.
“Shit,” said Liam, covering his junk with his hands. 
I looked behind me. Bradan and Jimmy were just finishing off Faye’s last two minions. Fangs were bared and blood was everywhere. It was like a grisly scene from a horror movie. I could only imagine what the human girls were feeling. This was our world, not theirs.
“Vampires!?” screeched Susan in horror. She tried to turn and run, but behind her stood a dark-skinned security guard, blocking her way. He grabbed her by the arm.
“Forget about her, Mason!” hollered Faye. “Get more security!”
His eyes now a fiery red, Mason released Susan and took off.
“Chelsey!” sobbed the blonde, still hiding behind the filing cabinet.
Chelsey turned and gasped. “Melody!” She ran over and pulled her into her arms. “Are you okay?”
Melody, nodded. “Yes. I think so.”
“You guys, come on!” choked Susan, who was also crying now. “We have to get out of here.”
I sighed. They’d seen too much and I had to do something about it.
“You need to make them forget,” said Liam.
“I know,” I said, walking towards the girls. I gave them a reassuring smile. “Don’t worry, I won’t hurt you.”
“Stay away from us!” hollered Chelsey. “You… you’re all monsters.”
The look in her eyes crushed me. It reminded me of Vanessa. “I’d never hurt you. I swear.”
Chelsey looked behind me and screamed.
I turned around just as some kind of winged reptilian creature lunged at me.

Chapter Fourteen

Chelsey



The creature that landed on Slade reminded me of a gargoyle, with its greenish-black scales and rubber-like wings.  It was like something out of a horror movie. I began to wonder if this was all a dream. 
“Oh, my God,” gasped Susan, covering her mouth in horror.
Just when I thought the madness couldn’t get any crazier, Liam turned into a massive wolf and sprang at the reptile trying to attack Slade. 
“Let’s go!” screamed Melody, grabbing my hand and pulling me toward the doorway.
Terrified, I obeyed. We grabbed Susan and then scrambled away from Faye’s office, down the hallway, and back to the main area of the club.
The music was as loud as ever, and everyone seemed oblivious to the horrors taking place on the top floor of Club Nightshade. Frightened beyond belief, we hurried down the staircase, toward the exit when our bartender from earlier stepped directly into our path
Are you girls okay?” he asked, looking concerned.
“Brian…. Oh, my God,” said Susan, shaking her head vehemently. “There are monsters upstairs. We’re leaving. Now.”
His eyebrows shot up. “What?”
“Just like she said,” I answered. “Vampires, werewolves, and gargoyles. We’re so out of here.”
He stared at us in amusement. “Let me guess, too many Cosmopolitans?”
“No,” I snapped. “Look, we’re not making this up. Go look for yourself if you don’t believe us.”
“Calm down,” he said, placing a hand on my shoulder. “You’re going to scare the other customers.”
“They should be,” I answered, as four security guys raced across the bar and headed toward the staircase.
“Let’s just get out of here,” said Susan, watching them go up quickly, “before the monsters start searching for us.”
“I agree,” I said.
As we attempted to walk around Brian, he grabbed my arm. “What’s your hurry? Why don’t you follow me to a quiet place and we can all talk about this?”
“Brian, seriously, you have to call the police,” said Susan. “We’re not drunk and there is some scary shit going on upstairs. No lie.”
He sighed. “Fine. Let’s just find a safe place and we’ll call the police.”
Susan shook her head. “No. You call the police, but we’re out of here. There’s no way in hell that I’m staying in this place any longer.”
His eyes hardened. “No, you’re not going anywhere. Now, follow me.”
“Excuse me?” I snapped, pulling away from him. “You can’t tell us what to do.”
Before he could respond, another security guard approached. “Brian, Faye wants you upstairs. Go, now.”
Without another word, Brian quickly obeyed and took off toward the stairs.
Releasing a ragged sigh, I followed Susan and Melody down the hallway by the entrance until we reached the exit. Once outside, we bolted to my car. Susan sat next to me and Melody got into the back.
“What do we do?” I asked as we locked ourselves inside. 
“I’ll call the police,” said Susan, pulling out her phone.
“Hurry, get us out of here,” begged Melody, hunching down into the back seat. “I just want to go home.”
“I’m so glad you’re safe,” I said as we pulled out of the parking lot. “Everyone’s been worried about you.”
“Me too,” she replied, rubbing a hand over her face. 
“What happened?” I asked, looking back at her in the rearview mirror.
“I’m not so sure anymore,” she said, leaning her head against the back of the seat. She closed her eyes. “I just remember bits and pieces of last night. Watching the band, the party, meeting Slade. I don’t know… I almost feel like I’ve been drugged.”
I frowned. “I wonder if someone slipped something into your drink.” 
“Maybe,” she replied. “Maybe it was Slade. We left the after-party last night. Together.”
“Yes, I’d like to report a… violent crime,” said Susan, into the phone. “At Club Nightshade.”
I grunted. A violent crime? Well, that was even putting it mildly.
She glanced at me and shrugged. 
“Oh, hi Sheriff,” she said, biting her nail. “You want us to come down to the station?” She looked at me.
I nodded.
“Sure. We’re on our way.”
After she hung up, Melody swore. “I can’t see the sheriff. I’m going to get into so much trouble. The cops are going to know that I had a fake I.D.”
“Us too,” I replied. “But I think when they find out what’s happening at the club, they might be a little more lenient.”
She snorted. “Right. Can you just drop me off at home and forget that you saw me there?”
“Melody,” I snapped, staring back at her in disbelief. “We were at the club trying to find you. We probably just saved your life and you’re worried about getting busted because of the I.D.?”
She didn’t say anything.
“People were being murdered right in front of us,” said Susan, turning back to look at her. “Once they start investigating everything, the cops are going to find out that you were there anyway. I’m sorry, but they need to know everything and I’m not lying.”
Melody groaned. “Yeah, I suppose you’re right.”
“I still can’t believe it,” I said, turning past Ruth’s Diner. “The guys from ‘Venom’ are vampires and werewolves? Seriously?”
“I guess so,” said Susan. “We all saw what was happening.”
“Do you honestly think anyone will believe us?” asked Melody.
“They have to,” I replied. “I just wish I would have taken a picture with my phone.”
“There was no time,” said Susan. “I mean, it wasn’t as if we were prepared for any of that.”
There was a loud thud on the roof of the car and we all screamed in shock.
“What was that?!” cried Susan, moving closer to me as she stared out the side of her window. As if someone was going to break it and try grabbing her.
Shaken, I pulled over to the side of the road. “I don’t know. Maybe a bird? I hope…”
“No fucking way,” whispered Susan in horror as the gargoyle from Club Nightshade, leaped from the top of my car to the pavement in front of us. It opened its mouth and let out a monstrous roar.
Terrified, I threw the car in reverse, and punched it. The tires squealed in protest as we raced backwards.
“Watch out! There’s something behind us!” screamed Melody, staring back out the window.
Before I could blink, we slammed into whatever it was and there was a loud thud under the tires.
“OhmyGod!” screeched Melody, as we rolled over whatever it was that we hit.
I slammed my foot on the brake and the car came to a quick halt.
“What did we just hit?” asked Susan, her voice shaky. “What the hell was it?”
Trembling, I looked at her. “Maybe it was that thing. It could have flown around and came at us from the back.”
“Then who cares if we hit it,” said Melody. “We just need to get the hell out of here.”
I caught a movement in the corner of my eye and Melody screamed as Susan’s door was ripped away from its hinges. 
“Susan!” I cried as the winged monster dragged her out of the car, kicking and screaming.
“Help me!” she shrieked, trying to get out of the beast’s grasp.
Crying, I jumped out of the car and raced toward them. “Leave her go, you freak!” I screamed, beating on the gargoyle’s head with my fists. The scales made my skin bleed, but I ignored it, along with the pain, and kept punching.
“Chelsey!” screamed Susan, still frantically trying to get out of the gargoyle’s grasp. “Help me!” 
The monster screeched angrily and then backhanded me. I flew backwards and my head hit the pavement, the pain overwhelming, but all I could think about was saving Susan. I scrambled back up and then cried out in horror as the beast leaped into the sky, carrying her like a rag doll into the darkness.
I closed my eyes and fainted.

Chapter Fifteen

Chelsey


When I finally came to, I was lying in a hospital bed, wearing a hospital gown. Confused, I tried to sit up but the pain in my head took my breath away.
“You’re awake,” said a nurse, peeking her head into the room. She was tall, with short curly red hair, and green glasses.
“Yes,” I replied in a raspy voice.
She walked inside and began examining me. “How do you feel?” she asked, checking my pulse.
“My head hurts. A lot,” I replied, wincing as I moved it.
Her smile was sympathetic. “I’ll get the doctor and I’m sure he’ll order something for the pain.”
“Is my mom here?” I asked. My head was a little fuzzy and I couldn’t exactly remember why I was even in the hospital.
“Uh, no. Let me get the doctor,” she said, walking away. “We’ll return shortly.”
I closed my eyes and tried to remember what happened. After a few seconds, the memory of Susan being carried away by the monster came back to me and my breath caught in my throat.
Was she okay? Had I been dreaming?
Someone knocked on the door as I tried getting out of the bed to search for my phone. 
“Yes?” I answered.
“Hey, sleepyhead,” said a man wearing a white lab coat. 
I slumped back against the pillows. “Hi.”
The nurse walked in behind him and they both approached the bed. 
“How are you feeling, Chelsey?” he asked, looking at a clipboard. 
I sighed. “My head hurts.”
“I’m sure it does,” he replied. “You have quite the lump back there.”
“Can you tell me if there was a girl named Susan Fields who may have either visited me or was admitted here?”
The doctor removed his reading glasses. “No, not that I’m aware of. Is she a friend of yours?”
“Yes. She was with me before I blacked out. Where are my mom and dad? Hasn’t anyone contacted them?”
He sighed. “I’m not sure where they are. We found your home phone number and tried contacting them, but they haven’t returned any of our calls.”
My eyes widened. “How long have I been here?”
“Since last night,” he replied. “I’m rather surprised myself that they haven’t called us back.” 
“You left a message?”
“Of course we have.”
 “What about my cousin, Melody Fairfax? Did she bring me in? Maybe she spoke with them?”
“No, actually a young man brought you here, along with your purse and cell phone.  Then, he pretty much vanished,” said the doctor. He tapped his pen against the metal on the clipboard. “I wish I had more information to give you. But, right now, that’s all I have.”
“You really don’t know who brought me here?” 
“Guess not,” he replied. “Look, Chelsey, the sheriff will be in to see you sometime this evening. He has some questions for you. Maybe he can help you get to the bottom of all this and figure out where your parents are.”
“I hope so,” I replied. “Do you know where my things are? I need my phone.”  
“They’re in here,” said the nurse, opening the closet door. She pulled out my purse and walked it over to me.
“Thanks,” I replied, taking it from her. I unzipped the top, pulled out my cell phone, and then quickly dialed my mom’s cell phone.
“We’ll be back in a minute,” murmured the doctor, his smile reassuring.
“Thanks,” I replied as mom’s phone continued to ring. When she didn’t answer, I left her a message and then dialed my dad.
“Dad, it’s me. I’m in the hospital, the one in Shore Lake, I believe,” I said, staring outside, into the darkness. It was after eight, and I couldn’t imagine why they hadn’t been to the hospital yet. It had been over twenty-four hours since I’d last spoken to them. It made no sense that they hadn’t at least tried to call me. “I can’t get ahold of mom, either, and… I’m scared. Please… call me.””
Next, I tried calling both Melody and Susan, but neither of them answered. Upset, I sent them both texts.
Maybe they were still with Aunt Jody?
I searched for her name in my contact list and dialed her as well, but got the same results. My eyes filled with tears as I tried my mom again.  “Mom, please call me,” I begged. “I need to hear from you.”
As I hung up, there was another knock at the door. 
“Yes,” I said, wiping the wetness from my cheeks. “Come in.”
A man with dark hair poked his head in the door and smiled. “Excuse me? Chelsey Fairfax?”  
“Yes.”
“I’m Caleb Smith, the sheriff here in Shore Lake. Do you have a few minutes?”
“Yes, of course,” I replied, sitting up straighter. “I’m so glad that you’re here. You have no idea…”
He chuckled. “Now that’s not something I hear every day.”
Smiling grimly, I pulled the blanket in tightly. “I’m scared, Sheriff. I don’t know what’s going on, I don’t know where my parents are, and I think my best friend might be dead.”
His eyes widened. “Whoa,” he said, reaching into the pocket of his brown uniform. He pulled out a pen and a small notepad. “Now you’re scaring me. Chelsey, I think we’d better start from the top. Tell me how you ended up with that bruise on your head? What do you remember?”
“Uh, okay. Have you spoken to my parents?”
He sat down in a chair next to me. “I’m trying to locate them. Have they been traveling lately?”
“No,” I said, and then proceeded to tell him about my cousin Melody.
“You say she’s missing?” he asked.
“Well, she was and then I found her. But…now she is again. I think.”
He frowned. “I’m confused.”
Sighing, I started from the very beginning and told him everything. When I got to the part of how we used the fake I.D.s to get into Club Nightshade, his eyes narrowed. “Obviously, you know that’s against the law.”
“I know,” I replied. “And… I realize that it was stupid. Very stupid. But, we did find Melody.” I proceeded to tell him the rest of my story, but when I got to the fight involving the band Venom, he stopped me.
“Chelsey, were you taking any drugs last night? Any hallucinogens?”
I shook my head vehemently. “No,” I replied. “Absolutely not! It was all real, Sheriff, I swear to God. I’m not making any of this up.”
From the expression on his face, he obviously did not believe me. He scratched the side of his cheek. “Hmm… Well, why don’t you just continue?”
I did, but when I got to the part of Susan being swept away by the gargoyle, he smirked. “Come on, Chelsey… you can’t expect me to believe that, now can you? Honestly, a gargoyle?”
“You have to believe me,” I said, gritting my teeth. “It really happened.”
“You’re talking about vampires, Chelsey.”
“Yes, and werewolves!” 
He closed his eyes and rubbed the bridge of his nose. 
“Look, did anyone find my car?” I asked, getting desperate. “The gargoyle ripped the door right off of it. A human couldn’t do that!”
Sheriff Caleb raised his pen again. “We did not find your car. I wasn’t even aware that it was missing,” he replied, jotting on his notepad. “But, we’ll search for it.”
“We were attacked about a quarter of a mile east from Ruth’s Diner,” I said. “It has to be there. Unless, Melody drove off with it. Have you spoken to her?”
“No, I’m sorry.”
My head began to pound even harder. Frustrated, I blinked back more tears. “What is happening? My family is missing and so is my best friend.”
“We’ll find them,” he replied. “I’m sure they’re all fine. Confused, but fine. Hell, maybe they’re out driving around, trying to find you.”
“They thought I was seeing a movie last night.”
“Obviously, they were wrong.” The sheriff stood up. “Let me make some phone calls and see if I can send someone out to your aunt’s place.”
I grabbed a tissue and blew my nose. “Thank you, Sheriff.”
“We’ll keep trying to get ahold of your parents, too,” he said, walking toward the doorway. 
“When can I go home?”  
“I’ll check with the doctor, and if you can leave, I’ll drive you home myself,” he said, putting the notepad in his pocket. “Maybe we’ll run into your parents.”
“I hope so. Thanks.”
He gave me a reassuring smile. “Don’t worry, honey, we’ll reunite you with your parents soon enough. Let me speak to the doctor and we’ll get the ball rolling.”
“Okay.”
After he left, I got out of bed and pulled my clothing out of the closet. I then went into the bathroom, washed my face, and changed back into my sweater and jeans. A few minutes later, there was another knock on the door.
“Yes?” I said.
The door opened and the nurse from earlier appeared. “Here, I brought you something to ease the pain,” she said, holding two white pills and a small cup of water.
“Thanks,” I said, talking them from her.
“You might feel a little sleepy,” she said, staring at me as I swallowed them down. “But at least the pain will subside.”
“What did the doctor say about my head? I forgot to ask.”
“I believe that you just have a slight concussion, nothing too serious. He’ll talk to you before your released.”
“Okay. Does that mean I can leave soon?”
“Yes, the sheriff is talking to the doctor now. I’m sure you’ll be checking out before nine.”
It was almost eight-thirty. “Cool.”
“Let me know if you need anything else.”
“Thanks, nurse,” I squinted to look at her name tag. “Jennifer Gardener.”
“You’re welcome, Chelsey.”
 After she left, I grabbed my cell phone. When I noticed that there was a message from Melody, I sighed in relief. I quickly dialed my voicemail and listened.
“Chelsey, it’s Melody. Listen, you’ve got to get out of the hospital, now! And whatever you do, don’t go anywhere with Sheriff Caleb, he’s one of them, Chelsey. A vampire! I’m serious… don’t say anything to him about what you saw last night, either. If he finds out that you know what took place at Club Nightshade, you’re as good as dead. Now, hurry and meet me in the parking ramp. Fourth floor. I’ll be watching for you.” She began to cry. “They’ve already gotten to our parents, Chels. They’re all dead! Please, hurry and get your ass out to the parking lot!”
Caleb was a vampire?!
Our parents were dead?!
Choking back a sob, I grabbed my purse and rushed to the door. Just when I was about to open it, someone knocked from the other side.
Crap, crap, crap!
Trying to remain calm, I pulled the door open, and stood face-to-face with Sheriff Caleb.
“Oh good,” he said, beaming a bright, white smile at me. “You’re ready. Perfect timing because I’ve been told that you can leave as long as you’re under my protection.” He nodded towards the lobby. “I’ve already signed you out, so we can just go. I take it you’re all set?”
I swallowed hard. “Uh, actually, I’m almost ready, but my stomach hurts. I think I have to go to the bathroom. Can I just meet you in the lobby?”
His smile fell. “Uh, sure. I can wait for you there.”
“Good. I won’t be long, Sheriff. Thanks so much for doing this.”
“No problem. You know,” he looked at his watch. “I need to call my daughter anyway. Tell her I’m running late. I’m supposed to be dropping off a late dinner for her.”
“Good idea.”
After he left, I waited a few minutes and then snuck out of my room and down the hallway. I then followed the signs until I found an exit that led to the parking ramp and then took the stairs. When I reached the fourth floor, my eyes scanned the cars, but I didn’t recognize any of them. I pulled out my cell phone to call Melody, when an old black Firebird with tinted windows turned the corner of the lot and sped toward me, its engine rumbling loudly. I held my breath as the passenger window rolled down and a hand waved at me.
“Melody,” I said, sighing in relief as the car stopped next to me. 
She opened the door quickly, got out, and pulled the seat back. “Hurry, get in before someone sees you.”
When I noticed who was driving, I stared back at her in horror. “What are you doing with him?”
Slade looked up at me from inside of the car. “Get in, Chelsey.”
“No way,” I said, taking a step backwards. “You’re one of them. A vampire.”  
Slade smiled grimly. “Yeah, I’m a vampire, but I’m also your only hope. So, get in if you want to make it out of here alive.”
Melody grabbed my wrist. “He’s right,” she said, her eyes haunted. “We’re both dead without him.”


End of Book One



Watch for book two, Slade, coming this fall - 2014



