


What Looks Back

By Zachary Adams
Copyright © 2014 Zachary Adams

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the author, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law unless document receives visible attribution and author/s notified beforehand. For permission requests, write to the publisher, adDr.essed “Attention: Permissions Coordinator,” at the email adDr.ess below.

writerzachadams@gmail.com

Ordering Information:
 Quantity sales. Special discounts are available on quantity purchases by corporations, associations, and others. For details, contact the publisher at the adDr.ess above.

Published in the United States of America

ISBN: 9781452300023



Zachary Adams, author of The Harbinger Break

Amazon: http://amzn.com/B00K0SB4QG

Table of Contents
More Please!
Pulse
Skeptical Orangutans
The Infinite Man
The Keepers
The Simulator
What If Your Hand is Empty?
You Might Not Like What Looks Back at You
Good Night, Noises Everywhere
Chirping Chirping HellDr.awn Horror
Bonus: Prologue and Part 1 of The Harbinger Break
About Zachary Adams
More Please!

There are five tastes, or is it six? Salty, sweet, spicy, bitter—mint? Is mint a taste? No. But what about that Asian taste? The cheese taste, meat taste—the taste of blood. Not quite salty, but full and bold. 
Whatever it is, it’s a good taste, and he looked forward to it now.
Donald sat alone and rubbed the black tablecloth between his thumbs and middle fingers. His napkin sat as a triangle on his lap. Condensation on his water glass Dr.ipped similar to the saliva on the roof of his mouth as he watched waiters in tuxedo shirts and black pants carry large husks of meat and carving knives. They marched from table to table, cutting slices of broiled beef for hungry customers.
Donald liked the way they kept their knives pointed downwards. That’s how his mother taught him to carry knives back when he was young. That way, his mother had said, if you trip while carrying the knife, you wouldn’t accidentally stab yourself in the heart.
Umami! Donald grinned and clapped his hands. The fifth taste is umami! A woman sitting at the table across from him, wearing a pearl gown, glanced over and narrowed her eyes, disturbed by Donald’s abrupt and startling clap. Donald avoided eye-contact. He looked at the table and noticed his cardboard Brazilian Steakhouse calling card. On one side it said, “More Please!” and on the other side it said, “No Thanks!”
Donald’s card was flipped to the “More Please!” side, and he rubbed his hands together and waited for the servers to approach.
“Filet, sir?”
Donald turned to his right. The waiter avoided eye-contact, staring at the knife already wedged an inch into the husk of his short loin.
“Yes please. Rare.”
Carving began. When the waiter had cut halfway down the husk, he motioned to Donald—and the time had come for action. Donald reciprocated with his tongs, grabbing the slice as the waiter finished the cut. Arranging the slice neatly on his plate, Donald stared at it, knife and fork in hand. The center was moist and the color was a gradient spreading outwards, changing from red to pink to finally brown on the outside edges. Thin red juices with oil pupils clung to the beef, and Donald licked his lips.
He placed his knife into the cut like a surgeon and in one swift motion split it in two. Forgoing all pretenses of class and manners, Donald plunged his fork into the flesh, jumping in ravenously. His mother would’ve been disappointed.
The beef dangled from his fork. The red juices sparkled in the overhead lights. The smell overtook him. Umami, that was the smell—salty, a hint of spice, stewed in its own beef Dr.ippings, oak charred on the outside, warm and tender.
He brought his fork to his lips. So playful—he could feel heat emanating from the tiny bite. The first bite—the first step into a Jacuzzi—he closed his eyes, opened his mouth. His tongue reclined on his lower lip. From the left and right inside corners of his mouth he felt warmth—a tingle, a numb, a cascade, and his saliva became a mountain spring, ready to greet the beefy guest with open arms—
“Flank, sir?”
It took Donald a moment to recognize the interruption. He transformed from a tongue and mouth into an entire human being once more, and, opening his eyes, he saw his fork and the slice of beef dangling from it, wavering an inch from his face, teasing him coyly.
“Sir. Flank?” the server repeated.
Donald turned his head. A different server now held a husk of flank steak.
“Yes, please. Rare.”
The server began cutting a strip with his large carving knife. When he’d cut halfway, Donald used his tongs to support the slice and took it from the whole.
“Thank you,” Donald said. The server walked away.
He placed the slice of flank on his plate. His fork, the beef still skewered, reclined lazily. He lifted the fork and began a slow descent into the sunny tropical island of beef.
“Tenderloin?”
Donald swerved as if asleep at the wheel, narrowly avoiding the watchtower, honking, lights blaring, tearing the bliss of his one-track mind. He swallowed to prevent an overflow of Dr.ool. He looked at his fork. The beef dangled, begging for permission to land. Donald replied negatively, and turned to his left towards the server who’d distracted him.
“Let me eat,” Donald said.
“What?”
“Rare. Sorry. Yes please.”
The server began cutting—the same routine. 
When Donald was finally alone once more, he had three different cuts of beef on his plate. Filet mignon, tenderloin, and flank. The thick smells wafted—a slow, dancing cyclone, ascending towards his face, and he basked in the heat, glow, and smell.
He flipped his card over. Finally, time to indulge.
He began. The beef rode the fork to his lips. He didn’t hesitate. As it crashed into his tongue, a crossroads contract was signed and his tongue would never be deceived by lesser cuts again. It was delightful, rugged, salty, exploding with fat and salt, Dr.ipping with sting and flavor. He took another bite and then another, and soon the cut of filet was gone.
He next moved on to the tenderloin. He cut a slice and held it up with his fork—
“Top round?”
Donald and the meat broke eye-contact. A server stood next to him with a Dr.ipping husk of meat and, not hesitating, began cutting into the slice.
“No thanks,” Donald said quickly.
“Too late, I’ve already started cutting,” the server replied. “Just flip over your card if you aren’t ready for more.”
Donald sighed, lifted his tongs and took the meat from the server. As he placed it onto his plate he thought back to earlier. He could’ve sworn he’d flipped over his card to the “No Thanks” side. But on the table, clear as day, his card read: “More Please!”
He flipped the card over and returned to his tenderloin. The flame-tinged steak emanated with a buttery glow. A hint of spice, paprika maybe, with herbs, basted with a light garlic cream.
“Pork loin?”
Donald sighed loudly. “Can’t you see my card is—”
But it wasn’t. His card still read: “More Please!”
He was certain this time that he’d he flipped it. The server cleared his throat loudly with disdain. Donald brought the slice of pork loin over to his plate.
The pork had a sweeter smell than the beef. He smelled a hint of a caramel glaze, or was that molasses? The charred edges had a sting to them, reminiscent of the tickling from the oak charcoal grill’s flame.
Donald returned to the tenderloin. Within seconds, that slice was descending his esophagus. He began on the flank. This cut was less tender than the tenderloin and filet, but far tastier. Soaking in fat, bathed in salt and juices, the butter, herbs, and garlic basted flank challenged his pallet with a dazzling array of flavors. He brought slice after slice into his mouth, relishing the magnifying pain of his working jaw.
His stomach cramped, and disappointment cloaked his joy. He checked his card to ensure it was flipped to the “No Thanks!” side, but discovered it wasn’t. He could have sworn he flipped it over.
He flipped it and returned to the last cut on his plate, the pork. As he began, stomach aching, he heard metal jangling—the unmistakable sound of an approaching server. The jangling stopped at his table.
“This is ridiculous,” Donald said as the server placed the hunk of bacon wrapped mignon filets down on his table. “Can’t you see my card?”
“That’s why I’m over here,” the server said. “Your card is not on the correct side if you don’t want more meat.”
The server slid a bacon wrapped mignon onto Donald’s plate and left. Donald looked at the food in front of him. The slice of pork and now the bacon wrapped mignon glared at him, angry. “You better not be wasting food,” the cuts seemed to yell. They grew mouths. How could he eat something with mouths attached?
He returned to the pork. His stomach tapped out, but there was no backup. Donald cut, stabbed, lifted, and forced slice after heavy slice into his Dr.y mouth. He chugged some water, allowing over-pour to Dr.ip from his lips onto his shirt. His mouth hung slightly ajar, too tired to close fully.
The pork smelled heavy, and tasted sticky. The texture was reminiscent of a dog’s tongue.
Jingling. Footsteps. And then, “Rib eye?”
“No.” Donald shook his head in disbelief. “No, this can’t be happening.”
The server began cutting into the beef. “Tongs,” he commanded reproachfully.
Tears welled in Donald’s eyes. “Please.”
“Tongs,” the server repeated, his tone Dr.ipping with disdain.
Donald lifted the tongs as his stomach throbbed. He grabbed the slice of rib eye and placed it onto his stuffed, bloody plate. The cut collapsed onto the bacon wrapped mignon with a blubbery slap. It shivered like gelatin, and blood seeped from its pores like sweat on a baby forgotten in a sweltering car. The pork was a panting dog’s tongue moments before puking. Donald cut another slice of meat, and as he cut his knife scraped across the glass plate, screeching a hole in his head. His stomach begged for mercy.
He impaled the slice and held it to his lips. The stench caused his nose hairs to shrivel and retreat towards his eyes.
“Beef ribs?”
No. No no no. He looked over at his card, and it read innocently, “More Please!”
“You’re lying!” Donald screeched at the card. “I flipped you! I flipped you over!”
He glanced up. The restaurant had gone silent. The woman in the pearl gown stared daggers at Donald, who cringed in his chair.
“Beef ribs?” the server asked again.
“Do I have a choice?” Donald asked.
The server laughed. “Beef ribs are my favorite too. I never have a choice!”
He cut an extra large slice and slid it onto the stuffed plate. Donald stared at the flesh and wanted to cry. He looked at his card and carefully flipped it over. Yet it still read “More Please!”
He flipped it again. But again, “More Please!”
He flipped it again. And again. And again. But no matter what, “More Please!” still blazed innocently on the card.
“Server,” he cried out. “Server!”
A black-haired waitress approached. “More water, sir?”
“Well, yes—but also, my card is double sided! It only says, ‘More Please’.”
He handed her the card. She rotated it in her hand. She stared at it for a moment, grinned, and handed it back to him.
“Sir, make sure you flip it just once.” She showed him the card, which clearly read “No Thanks.” He couldn’t understand. She handed it back to him, ignoring his disbelief.
He placed the side she’d shown him on the table and returned to the pile of meat on his plate. By this time, the meat had grown cold. The stench was raw and acidic, as if the meat had been regurgitated by an opossum for its young. The food in his overstuffed stomach stabbed his other organs, clawing to escape. He rubbed his gut—the food baby inside was well into its third trimester.
He cut a slice of bacon wrapped mignon. The weight of it on his fork strained his wrist. The cut was red square-shaped gummy candy, stale and dirty. It looked like it would squeak when he chewed it.
The woman in the pearl gown walked by, having finished her meal, but before she exited she stopped at Donald’s table. She stared at him, her nose crumpled and her brow furrowed, his pathetic smell evidently disgusting her.
“Are you going to waste all of that?” she asked, spitting out each word like a llama.
“N-no,” Donald replied. His stomach began to rip, and fleshy fibers clung together in a desperate attempt to resist the onslaught of pressure.
She stared at him a moment longer, her face scrunched like an angry bulldog.
“You disgust me,” she spat. “Flip over your card, you wasteful slime.”
He looked down at his card. It shouted boastfully, “More Please!”
“Why is this happening?” he cried. He lifted the card and attempted to rip it in half, straining, veins Dr.awn and pulsing on his red scalp and bursting behind his eyes. But it wouldn’t rip. He just wanted to finish, so he could go home and sleep this nightmare off.
He Dr.opped the card and lifted the entire chunk of beef wrapped mignon with his fork. He placed the whole rotten thing in his mouth. His body attempted puking to expel it, but he fought the urge. The beef, however, blended with the hints of regurgitated stomach acid, somehow improving its sweaty taste.
He swallowed, and his stomach screeched like a rat in the talons of a hawk. If this had been an interrogation, his stomach would have admitted to countless brutal murders it’d never committed, just to free itself from the agony. It’d have taken the blame for the assassination of JFK over digesting the beef Donald had just ingested.
He couldn’t feel his face. His ears were ringing. His toes curled up, cramping, and a cold sweat enveloped him.
“Top sirloin?”
Donald didn’t respond normally. He screamed.
“Someone really loves their steak!” the server said over Donald’s crying, chortling to himself and sliding a slice onto Donald’s meat mound. As the cut settled on top of the meat pile the plate cracked.
Tears ran down Donald’s cheeks and became a steak marinade.
“Check please,” he croaked.
The black-haired waitress walked by. “You can’t have your check until you’re done eating. Just flip over your card when you’re finished.”
She strutted away as Donald stammered incoherently. The pain became anger, and he looked around his table vehemently. He spotted the card, the reason for his pain and anguish, and his anger swelled. It still said “More Please!” 
It would always say “More Please!” 
Lifting the card like a shot put Olympian, he chucked it as far as he could. It glided across the restaurant and landed in the soup.
As if watching all of this from the kitchen, the chef burst from double doors in the back of the restaurant. A big, heavily-mustached man in a white chef outfit with a white hat, the chef stormed furiously into the dining area.
“Who threw that?” he bellowed.
He scanned the restaurant and locked eyes with Donald.
“You!”
Donald tried looking away, but looked back, and looked away again. He looked down and noticed that at some point he’d forgone his continence. The chef stormed over, face red and mustache quivering with anger.
“Because of you,” the chef said, spitting. “I now have to throw away that entire pot of soup. Is wasting food funny to you? Are starving African chilDr.en a joke, sir?” 
His spit Dr.enched Donald and his plate.
“N-no,” Donald whispered.
“Look at your plate!” the chef cried. “You will finish your food, and then you will never return to my restaurant!”
He pulled out a chair beside Donald and sat in it. “I’ll wait...” he said, staring daggers.
He rested his giant head in his fat hands. Donald lifted his trembling fork and knife and forced his hand steady to cut a slice of the sirloin. Thick, clumping blood plopped from the husk of fishy meat. It smelled like a landfill and looked like chewed bubblegum covered in eczema, seasoned with athlete’s foot fungus. As the cut approached Donald’s lips he felt the back of his throat rapid-fire Dr.y gags, and the only liquid available to coat his arid mouth was stomach acid.
The fork trembled, then fell from his shaking fingers. Lights magnified from around the room and blurred. He heard the mechanics in his brain start screaming as he toppled from his chair. “Shut it down!,” the brain mechanics shouted over the emergency sirens’ blaring. “Were calling this one early. Shut it all down!”
The lights faded and black encroached the edges of his vision. He saw the blurry chef enter his line of sight, standing over him and, for some curious reason, smiling.
Sections of Donald’s brain shut down one after the other with a heavy shutters. Was he Dr.eaming? It seemed like a Dr.eam. He saw the chef’s lips move. Then he heard a far-off voice.
“I’m thinking a light garlic butter baste and a fennel seasoning in the oak charcoal grill. Maybe a red wine marinade first? What do you think?”
The black-haired waitress walked over and knelt above Donald. She pinched his gut and his thighs. 
“Go with the marinade.”

END
Pulse

There's a universal truth in the medical field that is never adDr.essed publicly. I'll get to that in a minute. First, the basics: The nervous system is by far the most complex system in your body (compared to your circulatory, musculoskeletal, etc.) You have your brain and spinal cord, your somatic (which you control) and autonomic (which you don't) systems.
Now, nerves send signals to your brain, and vice versa, through neurons and synapses. In the average person's brain, there is a slight amount of electricity that shocks and excites neurons through your nerve network, which makes your body do what it does best—keeping you alive. The somatic you control, the autonomic you don't. Or, that's what you're taught.
The fact is that you do have some control over your autonomic nervous system. You can choose to watch a horror flick. When you watch, you begin to sweat and aDr.enaline gets pumping—both responses being autonomic. When you eat a sandwich, you begin digesting, which is another autonomic function. But you couldn't just stop digesting on a whim. You couldn’t just stop sweating on whim. This slight manipulation from exterior stimuli exists through a rarely mentioned phenomenon called neurotic synchronicity.
When a person goes into cardiac arrest, they are unconscious, yet question a survivor afterwards and they'll tell you about glimpses into consciousness they experienced during. It's common knowledge in EMS that music greatly improves a person's chances of surviving a heart attack. But this fact is kept hidden from the public. Why? Well, how would you feel knowing that grandma died because her medic refused to listen to Bon Jovi?
Neurotic synchronicity is amplified by electric signals in your brainstem. These electric signals are called pulse, but ask any physician or medical personnel what they're called and you'll likely get a few shots in the dark and a blank stare. Pulse is a heavily guarded secret.
You experience the phenomenon everyday. One of my favorite examples is when two people begin talking at the exact same time. Then they both stop, and wait, and wait for the other to talk, but the other person is waiting too. And then they both give in at the exact same moment and interrupt each other again. They laugh. “Wasn't that unlucky?” they might say. No, it wasn't luck. It's called neurotic synchronistic static. And it's a fallout of pulse from one person that the other person's neurons pick up.
The universal truth I’d mentioned earlier is that people can control other people. 
Now, the average person couldn't choose to do this. Every now and then it happens subconsciously—you'll touch your hair and they'll touch theirs, finger tapping—simple stuff. The average person has an average amount of pulse, which is just enough for themselves. Then there are some people who have slightly higher levels of pulse. These people don't understand it, or even comprehend that there's something to be understood, but they get what they want, and they rarely deserve it. You've seen these people prowling around bars and casinos and you hate them. 
Then there are people who have goliath levels of pulse. And these are the ones that should frighten you, because they know.
The word impulse, late Middle English, roots from the Latin impuls- 'Dr.iven on', first used in the early 17th century as a verb in the sense 'give an impulse to'. Look it up in the Oxford Dictionary of Word Histories. Since the early 17th century, not only has this, for lack of a better term, “power” been utilized—it has been named.
They use it to compel others. They send a pulse to another person to get them to do what they want. That person experiences an impulse, a recognizably yet apathetically disregarded thought or idea that manifests itself into forced action. “He (or she) acted on impulse” is a throwaway everyday phrase, more often than not confused with subconscious whim. But every now and then, when an Average Joe acts on impulse, his actions are not of his own devising, but are manipulations of a far more sinister nature. 
At some point during the 17th century, those blessed with abnormally high levels of pulse decided that it'd be best to keep their gift a secret, and buried all evidence. But a history of people with abnormally high levels of pulse are remarkably easy to trace. 
To this day, they call themselves “compellers”, and I just brought the most powerful of them all back to life.

‡  ‡  ‡

They tried to kill her. The other compellers. The first thing I noticed about her were her dazzlingly cerulean eyes. She told me that she thought the world should know—that people had a right to know about this global manipulation. She sat up in my ambulance, and I took her blood pressure and heart rate. Both were normal. After a cardiac arrest, her heart rate should have been rapid, and blood pressure high, but neither was the case. A clear cut example of the power compellers have.
She asked me about myself.
“Well, I do this for now, but I’ve always wanted to be a writer,” I said.
She laughed, and I couldn’t help smiling with her. She had one of those contagious laughs people with expressive eyes always have.
“Well you chose the perfect job if you want to get ideas,” she said. “You must have a lot of crazy stories.”
I grinned. “None as crazy as this.”
“Well, if you want to be a writer—have you ever read ‘Elements of Style’?”
I shook my head. “Never heard of it.”
“It’s great! I had to read it for English. Super helpful.”
“Is it long?”
“No. It’s really short. It’s a small book—you could probably finish the whole thing in a night.”
I nodded and returned to my computer. This report was proving difficult to write. I’d never heard of a patient recovering so completely after a cardiac arrest. It was easy to believe that she was, as she told me, the most powerful compeller.
“So what happened, exactly?” I asked.
“It’s a long story.”
“We have time.”
She laughed. “Alright. Well they’d been pursuing me for a while.”
“The compellers?”
“Yeah. They wanted to initiate me into their little club. Tell me their ‘rules’. Kind of pretentious, don’t you think?”
“Yeah,” I said. “Definitely.”
“They found me as I was leaving class and brought me into their car. I think they underestimated me. I could feel them trying to compel me, but obviously I was able to resist them. But my curiosity was aroused, so I entered their car anyway.”
“That’s kind of dangerous, right? Entering a car filled with strangers?”
She shook her head. “I knew I’d be fine. None of them were a match for me. If I’d wanted to, I could have made them all stop breathing without breaking a sweat.”
She laughed, and I laughed with her. She had one of those contagious laughs—she was stunning, like sunshine on a cloudy day. I’m not even a poetic guy or anything, but she makes me poetic and I can think of stuff like that when I think of her.
She continued. “So they started telling me the history of their little club and the rules. Honestly, I knew it was bullshit from the start. People like that just want to control other people. They knew they couldn’t compel me, so they tried the old-fashioned way. With rules.”
“What were the rules?”
“Like, ‘keep our ability a secret’. Stuff like that.”
“Why? Why keep it a secret?”
“Probably so they could keep controlling people. They said the ability would cause panic, but you and I both know that that was only an excuse so they could keep manipulating people and getting what they want. They picked me up in a Cadillac Escalade. They were obviously doing pretty well for themselves for people who claimed another rule was ’don’t abuse your power’.”
I laughed. “Yeah that’s really hypocritical of them.”
She smiled. “Exactly!”
She kept smiling at me, and I felt nervous, like my stomach was turning to gelatin. Actually, that’s what it felt like! That’s an analogy, and a pretty good one at that.
“So then what?” I asked.
“Obviously I called them out on their bullshit,” she said. “And they freaked out. So I compelled the Dr.iver to pull over, and ran from the car. I thought that would be the end of it, but I guess I underestimated what those ants could do in large numbers.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, after I left the car, I decided that I’d reveal our secret to the world. I couldn’t figure out a good way to do that, until just a few minutes ago, but I thought it would be fair for the world to know about compellers, and obviously let them know that I’m the most powerful of them all. But those guys wanted me to lie and pretend that we don’t exist.”
“Yeah you’re definitely right,” I said. “Lying is never the way to go. Honesty is the best policy.”
“Exactly! Sorry for wanting to be honest!” she said, rolling her eyes and laughing.
I think it was around this time that I really started falling heavily for this girl. How often do you meet a beautiful girl on a quest for justice?
“So how’d you end up here?” I asked.
“Right! So I returned to my apartment after class, where you guys picked me up, and inside were about thirty of them, wearing black robes with their faces concealed. I barely had time to protect myself. As soon as I walked in I was blasted with pulse. I think at first they were just trying to reason with me, but I easily resisted that and started compelling all of them to stop breathing. I got a few to Dr.op too, but it was too much. They had practice or whatever, and I let my guard down or got too cocky, but next thing I knew my vision was swimming and my chest hurt. That’s all I remember, until I woke up here, with you.”
I was floored. It took me a moment to think of a way to respond. “That’s crazy,” I said.
“Psht. Yeah.”
Unfortunately, we arrived at the hospital a few minutes later. We Dr.opped her off in the ER and I begged my partner to finish the report so I could keep talking to her. She told me more about her power and the society and stuff, and directed me to a few websites I could refer to for more information. I gave her my number before I left. Unprofessional, I know, but I had to. Even now I’m almost certain that she’s the one.
So yeah, I finished my day, blah blah blah, and ran a few more calls that I barely paid attention to. I just wanted to get home as soon as possible so I could start on this story. 
It was really all I could think about. Getting that book she recommended and writing this story. I kept envisioning it in my mind—I knew her story would be the one that carried me to my Dr.eam of being published.
I purchased the book, ‘Elements of Style,’ and as soon as I returned home I read the thing cover to cover. I put it on the shelf, between my EMS course book and my firefighter curriculum. It’s not the most impressive bookshelf, but I’ve never been a big reader. At a first glance, you would never think that this was the home of a writer. I mean, I had to brush dust off my laptop!
I sat down with a cup of coffee and installed a word processor, thinking about her the whole time. I kept my cellphone on the table, hoping that she’d call while I wrote. I kept imagining her sounding so excited that I’d already begun writing her story. 
I’d never been so excited about writing a story in my life. I sat down and began typing.
I began with, “There’s a universal truth in the medical field that’s never adDr.essed publicly.” Then I went on a few of the websites she recommended and did some research. I had to give a background before I jumped into the juicy bits. At first I’d written about how I had to shock her three times, how I thought it was over, how I pushed everything I was legally allowed to from my Dr.ug box, but all of that seemed so boring, so I took it out. I honestly only wanted to write about her. 
Now I’m nearing the end, and I’m imagining her reading this. This is weird, though. My head kind of hurts. It’s always been my Dr.eam to get published, so why does my life seem to have so many holes? Nothing seems to fit—something doesn’t add up. I’m typing this and as I write I can’t help questioning myself. I mean, it’s always been my Dr.eam, hasn’t it?
Skeptical Orangutans

“Did you switch my room? Something looks different.”
The butcher’s son scratched his thumbs’ cuticles with his pointer fingers, alternating one stroke at a time. The cuticles were red and raw and hints of Dr.y blood were shadows of dead, peeled back skin. He rested two fingers against his lips every once in a while—a habit reminiscent of his time as a smoker. His fingers felt yellow, like the old glow from a night spent binge smoking until four in the morning—except his smoking had never been from going out with friends or frolicking. No, he would spend hours of night staring at a certain spot—a coffee shop, a park, his own home even—wondering what looked different. Nothing felt different—but that was the problem. Nothing ever felt different.
“Not only did we not switch your room, but every room here is exactly the same,” said the orderly. “So even if we had switched you to a new room, still nothing would look different.”
The orderly wore white. He had pale brass skin and his forearm muscles twitched as they braided down his arms. The hair on his forearms was thick and blond and looked like a strange memory of a rye field in the torrential fluorescent light. He had peculiarly dark eye-lashes, and a heavy nose that seemed to melt from his face. The orderly’s baggy white pants looked comfortable—it seemed a shame that wearing them out in a social setting would be abnormal. The orangutans are skeptical of changes in their cages. That’s what the butcher’s son thought. Did the orderly ever wear different pants? He also thought that.
“When I was eight or so, while at school,” said the butcher’s son, “my parents switched my bed for a bunk bed and moved all my younger brother’s things into my room. And my brother had a lot of things. Clothes and furniture, but also posters, like that Captain Marvel poster, the one where he looked like he was about to dive back down to earth from the clouds. He had a lot of stuffed animals and action figures as well. Mostly Captain Marvel stuff. He had a few Wonder Woman toys but he kept those hidden. I used to tease him and call them Barbies. He was embarrassed so he wouldn't play with them around me. He’d grown out of his little kid room, and my father wanted to turn it into a butcher’s office. Who knows why a butcher needed an office? I think he stored his own private meat selection on the side, but maybe I'll never know. Either way, I didn't notice. My parents were shocked that I didn't say anything about how suddenly my brother lived and slept in my room. When they asked, I said I hadn't noticed, so they thought I was retarded. Naturally, I guess. They weren't wrong.”
“You’re not retarded.”
“That’s kind of you to say. So anyway, my parents took me to see psychologists and stuff. My dad would look at me with that look of disappointment, pity, and a hint of curiosity and say, ‘even the orangutans are skeptical of changes in their cages.’ But I wasn't then. Now I am. Am I the only skeptical orangutan around here?”
“Yes. There has been no changes in your cages. Not that a change would be difficult to notice.”
The butcher’s son wiggled his toes. He was barefoot. He liked walking the hallways barefoot because the tile felt cool on his feet. There was something relaxing in walking barefoot down white hallways. He shifted his weight and began picking at his eyebrows as he looked around the room. The walls were beige with a horizontal line of blue. The tile of the floor was peach and tan.
“I felt like a caged orangutan that didn't move. The kind that if you had to describe it, you’d think it was depressed. That’s how my father looked at me—like I was a depressed, confined orangutan... Oh yeah, so when can I get out of here anyway?”
“You can leave anytime you like. You admitted yourself.”
“No I mean, when will I be fixed and all that? I keep having the feeling you guys are going to test me by making a change in my room and seeing if I notice.”
“We don’t do that. It’s all in your head. You realize that, don’t you?”
The butcher’s son tapped his forehead. Whenever anybody said ‘head’, he inadvertently touched his head. The word, whenever he heard it, always sounded like the beginning of that chilDr.en’s song that went ‘head, shoulders, knees and toes, knees and toes.’
He lowered his hand, imagining a conversation where the orderly told him to take control. Unshakable habits beget unfavorable function. Something like that. He scratched his cuticles and looked at the orderly’s pants. “Are those Dickies?”
“My pants?”
“Yeah. They look comfortable. Is that an elastic waistband?”
“You have the same pants we have except yours are blue.”
The butcher’s son felt his waist. He hadn't given his pants a thought. If someone had blindfolded him and tied his hands behind his back, he wouldn't have been able to tell what he wore.
“Is that normal?”
“Yeah, everyone here wears the same pants.”
“Sorry, not that. I was thinking that its strange that I have no idea what I’m wearing. Isn't that odd?”
“You have bad habits. You just need to break them. You should be out in the world, seeing a therapist regularly, not hiding in here.”
“I’m scared out there. I’d like to be able to notice change.”
“You’re a clam,” said the orderly.
“Excuse me?”
“It’s all the same to a clam. Shel Silverstein. Would you call a clam stupid because it doesn't freak out when prodded by a fish or stepped on by a human?”
“Maybe.”
“The clam functions well enough.”
“But I’m not a clam.”
“The doctor has diagnosed you with cainotophobia. Do you know what that is?”
“A fear of change.”
“Exactly.”
“But I’m not afraid of change. I just wish I’d notice it naturally.”
The orderly shook his head as he left the room. “Just make more of a conscious effort to observe your surroundings. It’s not your fault you never noticed your mother’s absence, I mean— her body was never even found.”

‡  ‡  ‡

“Try to pinpoint a change that happened in your childhood. You recognized your brother. Good. Continue.”
“Is this a new couch?”
“No. Same couch as always.”
“New jacket?”
“Same as always.”
“New glasses?”
“Same as always.”
“Are you the same doctor?”
“Yes.”
The psychologist scratched his head and sighed. It wasn't a tired sigh, it was a disappointed, pitying sigh. His parents sighed the same way often. The psychologist opened his desk Dr.awer and pulled out a small rectangular bottle of Jim Bean. He raised the bottle to his lips, avoiding eye-contact with the butcher’s son, and took a sip. He let the liquid sit in his mouth for a moment, then swallowed. Holding the bottle out, he offered it to his patient.
“Take a swig.”
“What?”
“For the first time in my life, I’m refusing to see a patient for more sessions and diagnosing you with a big who cares?”
The butcher’s son took the bottle of whiskey, unscrewed the cap, and took a sip.
“This isn't whiskey?” he said after swallowing.
“You’re right. It’s brandy. You noticed that. You’re fine. You overreact. Who cares if you’re the most unobservant person on the planet? Make a habit to take note of things. Walk around with a notepad if it matters that much to you. If you want someone to fix your brain, see a hypnotist—there’s nothing more I can do for you. My job depresses me, and you depress me further. A young guy such as yourself hiding in a hospital because he’s afraid to face the world...”
The butcher’s son shook his head. He’d been guessing. He had no idea that what the psychologist offered him wasn't whiskey. He sighed, thinking that the psychologist must have realized this. “You don’t think my problem is a problem?”
“It’s not. It’s a peculiarity. Nothing more. Your mother’s body was never found. The fact that you didn't notice is a peculiarity—and nothing more.”

‡  ‡  ‡

A lawyer looked at the butcher’s son with a mixture of pity, confusion, and, for some reason, disgust. “So you never noticed your mother’s death?” he said.
The butcher’s son shook his head. “I mean, I noticed she wasn't around anymore, but my father never mentioned her passing.”
The courtroom didn't look like a courtroom. It looked like a room. Yes, the judge sat on a raised platform, but everyone else sat on folding chairs. Yes, the jury sat behind a wooden bar, but the room was carpeted, and there were, like, three people in the audience, none of whom the butcher’s son recognized.
The lawyer turned to the jury. “His father never mentioned her passing.”
“Are you the same lawyer as last time?” said the butcher’s son.
The lawyer raised an eyebrow and turned back to the butcher’s son. “We've never met. I’m not your lawyer. I work for the DA.”
Another lawyer stood from his chair and looked at the jury. “Clearly he’s unreliable as a witness.”
The butcher's son didn't recognize this man either. “Why am I here?” he asked.

‡  ‡  ‡

The orderly leaned against the frame of the doorway, looking relaxed. “Tough day in court?”
“I’m just glad to be back,” said the butcher’s son. “It’s comforting here. I don’t like it out there—I can never shake the feeling that everyone’s playing a big trick on me, moving things around and laughing because I don’t notice.”
The orderly had pale brass skin and thick blond hair on his arms. He had a heavy nose and dark eyelashes. His forearms were thick like an ape’s. He looked familiar, but the butcher’s son could never be too certain—everyone looked somewhat familiar.
“Are you the—”
“—yes. Same as always. Always me. Same room, don’t bother asking—you haven’t missed anything.”
“You get me like my father. After he figured out my problem he gave me steak every night for dinner. I hate change because I don’t notice it. But my father understood. He’d tell me all day that we’d be having steak for dinner, than we’d have steak for dinner, and I knew nothing had changed. The orangutans have nothing of which to be skeptical. I knew I’d be having steak for dinner. I wouldn't have noticed if one day I didn't have steak for dinner, but it was more comforting not having to worry about not noticing a change. He got the steak for free from work anyway, seeing as how he was a butcher. I think he kept it in my brother’s old room.”
“Steak every night for dinner? I envy you man. I love steak.”
“Well, after a while he switched to hamburgers. Probably because it was too expensive to give me steak every night. Also the steak began to make me sick.”
“That’s understandable.”
“The burgers made me sick as well. That’s why I came here.”
“What?”
“Sorry. My mother had been dead for six years and I never noticed. That’s what I was thinking. That’s crazy. I loved my mom. That’s why I admitted myself here. When I found out she’d been dead for six years and I never noticed.”
The butcher’s son scratched his cuticles with his pointer fingers. Wherever he was, he had always been there. Whomever he met he’d always known. Whatever he ate he’d always eaten, whatever he’d think he’d always thought. Not noticing change meant never getting excited, never pleasantly surprised, never owning, never having, just seeing—never observing. He recognized this, but unless he made a conscious effort to observe, everything passed by unnoticed. 
“That’s crazy,” said the orderly, “But that doesn’t make you crazy. That just makes you wildly unobservant. I've gone months at a time without speaking to my family. Not everyone speaks to their family daily or weekly. You just went far longer.”
“That’s kind of you to say. I’m allergic to beef now anyway I think.”

‡  ‡  ‡

“Imagine two boxes of chocolates, if you will. One is uncovered, one is covered. Both are yours. You would notice immediately if the uncovered had missing chocolate. Missing chocolates from the covered, however, could only be noticed once the cover was removed. This is how the butcher's son lives his life. Every uncovered box in his world is covered. While you or I would notice missing chocolates immediately by just glancing at the box, he wouldn’t notice unless he actively wanted a piece of chocolate. His favorite sofa, his only piece of furniture in his otherwise empty home, would only be noticed missing once he intended to sit on it, and not a moment before. The rest of us would notice the second we set foot inside the home.”
“So he continued eating the steak.”
“Exactly. It was always steak to him.”
At this, a pale jury member swooned and fainted. The others grumbled with looks of disgust. Even the judge looked perturbed and disgusted. The butcher's son didn't understand why.

‡  ‡  ‡

“Same couch?”
The psychologist, with pity and slight disgust in his eyes, looked at the butcher's son, yet didn't reply to his question. It was the same look his father always gave him. Minutes earlier, after he’d gotten back from court, the orderly looked at him in the same disconcerting manner. They felt sorry for him, the butcher’s son thought. But that was common. People always felt sorry for him because of his condition. The orangutans are skeptical of changes in their cages. They’re especially skeptical of the unaffected orangutan.
“Yes, this is the same couch,” the psychologist said, sighing. He took a swig from his bottle of Jim Bean. “We've decided to keep you here after all. Do you understand what happened in court today?”
“Yes. Apparently my father was convicted of murdering my mother. I wasn't much help, I don't think. I still can't believe it.”
The psychologist shook his head and looked at the floor. “This is beyond me,” he said. “This is beyond me. This is beyond me.”
“Is something the matter? What happened?”
The psychologist stood from his chair and walked over to his window. He stared at the parking-lot down below, where to the left he could see two EMTs rolling an old woman in a stretcher to the parked ambulance. He watched them walk, and the butcher's son watched the psychologist, wondering what he'd missed. That's why he hated change—he'd obviously missed something, but he had no idea what.
“I missed something.”
The psychologist turned. His complexion had become slightly pale, but also a tinge green, as if suffering slight food poisoning.
“This is beyond me. The orderly will take you to your room. I need to sit on this.”
“Sit on what? Please, what did I miss? Is it crazy that I never realized my father murdered my mother? I mean, he'd go out of his way to hide that from me, wouldn't he?”
“Yes. He would. We'll talk more in a few days. Right now, I need to think.”
He coughed heavily, and his cough turned into a gag. He withDr.ew a handkerchief from his pocket and wiped spit from his lips.
“Kal!” he yelled at the door.
The brass colored orderly with the thick blond arm-hair entered the room. The orderly looked past his heavy nose, first at the psychologist, then at the butcher's son. He looked at the butcher's son with pity and disgust. The butcher's son noted that his look was the same look his father had always given him. He’d missed something. He scratched his cuticles with his pointer fingers. Something big.

‡  ‡  ‡

His room had padded white walls and a floor reminiscent of a yoga mat. He had a white bed and there was a toilet in the corner.
The orderly stood in the doorframe. “Aren't you going to ask me your usual questions?”
The butcher's son scratched his cuticles and fresh blood stained his fingernails. This was why he hated change. Because he didn't notice it. He hated that, he hated the feeling that he'd missed something.
“Are you not the same orderly?”
“No. I'm the same orderly. Look around. Come on man.”
“Is this not the same room?”
“No. Yes. No it's not the same room. Look around. You used to have peach and tan tile. Now you have a white padded floor. You used to have beige walls with a blue horizontal stripe. Now your walls are white and padded. This is different. How can you not notice that?”
The butcher’s son shook his head. His mother and father had asked him that very same question countless times.
“I just don’t,” he said. “That's why I hate change. Why did you move me? Why couldn't I stay where I was?”
“The psychologist ordered you moved. You're going to see him tomorrow.” The orderly sighed, and gave the butcher's son a look of pity and disgust. A look the butcher's son recognized—the same look his father gave him.
“Look, man,” the orderly continued. “I'm sorry. Listen, Jesus, man, I mean, I can't say anything other than I'm sorry. The psychologist thinks it’s for the best that you know the truth.”

‡  ‡  ‡

“The evidence is clear,” said the lawyer to the jury. “The reason her body has never been found and never will be found has been brought to light. Please, members of the jury, the crime isn't just murder. It's worse, it's far worse. Don't only think of the butcher while you deliberate—think of his son.”

‡  ‡  ‡

The moment the butcher's son entered the small office the psychologist stood from his chair and grabbed his keys from his desk and coat from the hook by the door. “Come with me,” he said. “This might be your last time leaving this facility for a while. We're going out for lunch.”
“Lunch?”
The psychologist held the door open for him. “Yes. Let's go.”

‡  ‡  ‡

“He tore out the IV's now,” a nurse said one week later. “It's clear liquid. He’s refusing even that. He's starving himself.”
The butcher's son shook with fear. His cheeks were gaunt, his eyes bloodshot, his complexion pale. His cuticles Dr.ipped blood, yet he continued to scratch incessantly. The doctor entered the room. 
He had a look of pity and disgust on his face. “If you don't let us feed you intravenously,” he said, “we're going to have to restrain you and insert a feeding tube directly into your stomach.”
The butcher's son looked at the doctor, irrational and inexplicable horror in his eyes. “It's my mother! Can't you see it's my mother? You think I'm the crazy one? It's my mother!”

‡  ‡  ‡

A week prior he was in a booth at Outback Steak House, and he rapped his fingernails on the table. Why did the psychologist take him to lunch? And why had two orderlies joined them?
The waiter approached. “What will we be having today?”
“Two steaks,” said the psychologist. “One for me, one for the young man across from me. Kal, Frank—you guys can order whatever you want. It's on me.”
The two orderlies, their mouths shut so tightly that their lips were almost white, just shook their heads and kept their eyes plastered on the table.
“I'm allergic to steak,” the butcher's son said.
The psychologist shook his head and eyed him with pity and disgust. “No you're not.” He turned back to the waiter. “That's all for us then.”
The waiter nodded and left. The butcher's son looked around the restaurant. A giant boomerang hung from the wall, and the butcher's son wondered if Australians actually used that.
The psychologist cleared his throat. “Do you understand what happened in court?”
The butcher’s son nodded as the orderlies looked at their hands.
“My father was sentenced to life in prison. I'm not an idiot, I can understand what people say. I heard the jury.”
“You haven't heard everything. You don't notice change. Do you understand the gravity of that concerning your father?”
“No. I mean, I never noticed my mother's absence. I guess that's weird.”
The psychologist spoke slowly. “Your father, the butcher, cooked you steak for dinner every night.”
“Yes. He understood how I didn't like change. I don't notice it, and it makes me nervous and uncomfortable. He'd tell me we'd have steak for dinner and that I'd always be having steak for dinner, and I always did. If he never repeated himself, then one day gave me fish or something, I'd never notice. I know it doesn't sound like a big deal, but I hate not realizing that something is different. I'm smart enough to realize how brain dead that makes me. I wish so badly I could notice change, because then I'd be completely normal. But I can't, and I hate that so much. Most messed-up people like me can't imagine what they're missing. I can. I can imagine it. I see normal and know I'll never be that. But I've accepted that I guess.”
The waiter returned with two plates and placed one in front of psychologist and the other in front of the butcher's son.
“I can't eat this,” the butcher's son said. “I told you—I'm allergic.”
The psychologist shook his head. “The reason your father's steak made you sick wasn't because you developed an allergy towards it. Try the steak.”
The butcher's son stabbed the beef with his fork, cut off a chunk, and placed it in his mouth.
“Notice anything?” the psychologist asked as the butcher's son chewed.
“No. Of course not.”
“So I'll just tell you exactly what someone without your condition would notice. They'd notice that the steak they're eating now tastes far different from the steak their father fed them.”
“They would?”
“You never liked your father's steak.”
“That's true.”
“But you like this steak?”
The butcher's son chewed thoughtfully. “Yeah, I guess I do.”
The brass-skinned orderly with the thick blond arm-hair named Kal stood from the booth and walked quickly away, his complexion far paler than normal. The other orderly groaned as he paled by the second.
“I don't understand,” said the butcher's son. “What's going on?”
“Your mother's body was never found.”
“That's true, but what's that have to do with anything?”
The psychologist sighed. He took a hip flask from his pocket and took a long swig. “Son,” he said. “You never had steak for dinner.”
“I didn't?”
The psychologist shook his head. “No. You didn't. You never had steak for dinner because you wouldn't know the difference. Your father pulled a fast one. The orangutans are skeptical of changes in their cages. The pigs, however, couldn't care less. Your father killed your mother. Your mother disappeared. You had meat for dinner, but it wasn't beef. No, it wasn't beef at all. Your father had a room, your brother’s old room. That room became your mothers. Your father prepared dinner every night, but it was never steak. No, Jesus Christ, it wasn't steak. You never had steak. You had your mother.”
The Infinite Man

Subtraction isn't an option when constructing an indestructible statue. There is no carving. There is no chipping.
The only method of creation is to build.
“The Infinite Man”, created by an artist only known as Baker, never received much recognition or praise, and spent centuries in the corner of an obscure museum, unappreciated by hunDr.eds of thousands.
That is, until the Silent Plague.
Previously known as Sudden Infant Death SynDr.ome, or SIDS, the Silent Plague struck like an avalanche.
There existed no cure, no immunity, and deaths occurred so rapidly that humanity had no more than a few months before extinction.
There wasn't much to do. While some futilely searched for a non-existent cure, other scoured for a way to mark the universe, infinite proof that Man had once existed.
Unfortunately, all evidence of humanity would crumble as the sands of the hourglass slipped by.
All evidence, aside for “The Infinite Man”.

‡  ‡  ‡

“The Infinite Man”, had it been destructible, would have been ravaged. Failed attempts at carving, painting, writing, chipping—marking in any way—came to pass as each human being attempted to prove, as oblivion bore down upon them, that they had once existed. A desperate race against death.
The artistic merit of the statue was fairly unremarkable. It was just an upright man with one hand outstretched, as if reaching out to catch a firefly. Critics claimed the pose stagnant, the flare dim, and the inspiration obscure.
None of which mattered as humanity failed to make an impression upon the statue.
When “The Infinite Man” was universally deemed irrelevant, those centuries prior, humanity never expected the polar opposite to come to pass.
But the number of surviving humans Dr.opped from billions to hunDr.ed millions, to a couple thousand, to less than a hunDr.ed, to just a single human being left. 
This last man racked his brain desperately for the last endless phrase that would encapsulate mankind's existence. He thought back to movies, books, television shows, presidential speeches, and anything else that struck his scrambling brain. Countless inspirational words enveloped him to convolution.
He felt his breath become short, and a heavy sweat pulse from his skin. He stuttered. The words wouldn't come. He glanced at “The Infinite Man.”
“Dang,” he said, wiping sweat from his brow. Then he died.

‡  ‡  ‡

Vines and weeds crawled over streets and climbed up buildings. Oceans spread, cement cracked, buildings crumbled—a fleck of dust at a time.
Still, the universe rolled on. 
As “The Infinite Man” waited a few hunDr.ed feet underground, the Sun expanded to a red giant. 
A few millennia afterwards, a meteor shattered the Earth.
By this time, most of the stars in the universe had expanded to red giants as well, and the various intelligent lifeforms from countless galaxies scattered, scouring for an inhabitable solar system with a star still in its main sequence.
“The Infinite Man” survived the end of the planet. It left the shattered remains and Dr.ifted steadily through space, in time leaving the Milky Way.
Eventually an intelligent alien race, on the verge of annihilation, discovered the statue. The unexplainable phenomenon—the only object in existence immune to entropy—became a supernatural figure to the alien species, and until the day of their extinction they worshipped the statue.

‡  ‡  ‡

Billions of years after the extinction of humanity, all life in the universe died as stars fizzled and became dust. “The Infinite Man” Dr.ifted on, completely alone aside for crumbling planets and expiring stars.
As galaxies imploded, “The Infinite Man” Dr.ifted on.
Relatively soon, nothing existed in the universe aside for dust spiraling towards a singular, gravitational point. “The Infinite Man” Dr.ifted towards this point as well.
The dust condensed to a intensely powerful maelstrom of energy. Billions of years passed, and this point became an almost infinite mass.
But “The Infinite Man” approached. 
The maelstrom of energy magnified to the point of expansion—it was moments from becoming a second Big Bang.
But “The Infinite Man”, with its outstretched hand, grasped the swirling, infinitely dense point of energy as if it were a firefly. 
The point fizzled against the statue's indestructible grasp. It tried desperately to expand, but it was restrained inside the statue's palm.
Then it fizzled, and became nothing.
“The Infinite Man” let go and continued Dr.ifting, alone in the void.
The Keepers

Part 1:

Set in a dark time, there once lived a noble keeper and his wife. In the small village they called home, life thrived as life often had in the age before technology. The keeper worked as the collector and organizer of certificates and documentation, holding a person's title, land deed, and social hierarchy in his keep. If a villager was struck ill, often he or she sought out the keeper, who referred to his documents, comparing symptoms to previous cases, and recommending the most successful healer of those symptoms. If a villager wished to be wed, he or she sought out the keeper, who referred to his documents, and recommended a suitable mate of similar status and wealth. If a villager died, their family sought out the keeper, who referred to his documents, and found the graveyard wherein the deceased's relatives lay.
Tales set in dark times such as this, however, keep no such happy habits long, and one day the keeper struck ill. As was his routine, he sought out his documents and searched for similar symptoms. But he found none. Unfazed, he journeyed to the village's most successful healers, but they returned him home unhealed. 
Three days had passed since the onset of his symptoms, and in that time the keeper grew deathly ill. He collapsed, lethargic and with vision blurred, and soon lacked even the strength to refer to his documents. His wife continued her husband's duty with desperation, searching night upon day upon night through his mountains of documents for anything which might illuminate the means to her love's return to health.
But time did as time often does in dark tales such as this, and the keeper began to fade as husbands desperately loved often do—and time ran short. 
His wife had one last desperate plan. She took to the road upon her husband's fastest steed, riding to the plain where orchids grew in a circle around a cold, barren land. This land was known as the Devil's Tramping Ground, where the Devil himself was rumored to pace counter-clockwise on nights where even the merriest crickets and owls were silent.
The keeper's wife stepped into the unholy ground, as only the most desperate would do, and spoke.
“I wish to make a deal,” she said.
The crickets and owls silenced. Only the young, foolhardy trees had the nerve to let their leaves rustle.
The keeper's wife rubbed from her arms cold and fear, but her course was set. “I wish to make a deal,” she said once more.
The voice that replied was cold and dark, depthless, echoing and shivering the bodies of even the bravest. The keeper's wife was no different, and she gasped, but could not fill with air the newfound pit in her stomach. 
“What have you to offer?” the Devil said.
As it goes in tales of lighter natures, perhaps the keeper's wife may have had a plan, or intended to trick The Devil, or fight it. But in this tale, such was not the case.
“I have my soul,” she said.
Silence. Then the voice resounded once more, and the keeper's wife knew the sooner this business was over the better. 
“And in return?”
“Return to my husband his health,” she said.
The Tramping Ground grew cold, so cold that even through the soles of her boots the wife's feet chilled. A knot bound inside her chest, and before even The Devil spoke, she knew her offer had been accepted.
“It is done,” the Devil said. “You have ten years as per contract, then your soul belongs to me. Farewell.”

‡  ‡  ‡

Part 2:

The keeper's wife returned to find her husband well, and for his documentation the keeper could mark no solution to his miraculous revival. So time passed quickly as time does and in that time the keeper and his wife were happy. 
Nine and three quarters years passed with no falter in the couple's happy routine, but as the decade came to a close the keeper noticed a dark shroud encircling his wife as her normally cheerful manner dissolved. He inquired relentlessly, but she refused to answer. Her love for him was strong, and she knew his love for her was just as, and she refused to gift motivation that would lead him to mimic her terrible sacrifice.
That is until the fog grew unbearable, and in her last moments—symptoms none aside from darkness—she relented in a whisper. 
“You have your health,” she said. “And the Devil has my soul.”
That was the last she spoke, and her body grew cold and unresponsive although the pulse of life through her veins remained. The keeper was furious. Desperation circled within his veins and carried within every breath he took. He left his documents and his village to seek out The Devil and reclaim the soul of his love.
He took the road upon his fastest steed and soon found the barren land encircled by orchids. Hesitation was a cautious man's game, one the keeper at that time knew not, thus he summoned the Devil on the Tramping Ground as his wife had those ten years ago.
“I wish to make a deal,” he said as the crickets, owls, and leaves grew silent. “I offer you my soul.”
Even the youngest, most naive trees knew not to rustle as the night darkened still.
“And your wish?” echoed the cold, fathomless voice.
The keeper didn't hesitate. “The soul of my wife returned.”
Silence passed and fell, but no rope was bound. 
“No,” the Devil said. “Her soul is mine.”
But the keeper's course was set and he spoke again. “Then I ask only for power enough to kill you.”
This time, the knot bound inside his chest, and the keeper knew it so. “You have ten years to find me,” the Devil said. “Farewell.”
The darkness lifted, leaves rustled with the wind, and slowly crickets and owls returned to their song. The keeper felt unfathomable strength lift his curved spine and turn his frail arms iron. He grabbed from his pack a sword and a spade, and began to dig.

‡  ‡  ‡

Part 3:

Even with the Devil's power, it took the keeper just under ten years' time to dig to the center of the earth and find the spiral staircase to hell. In that time, the keeper ate not one loaf of bread, Dr.ank not one flask of water, nor slept even one hour, and his appearance morphed from that of a man to an unholy creature that even the forest’s fiercest beasts avoided.
With only his beloved on his mind, the keeper descended the staircase to hell, seeking out the Devil with what little time left he possessed with a soul.
In a tale less dark than this, perhaps hell would contain simply flames, lava, ice—perhaps skeletons and other unnatural, unholy horrors. But this tale lacks the forgiveness of lighter tales, and as the keeper descended the timeless staircase to hell, he witnessed the most unforgiving evil imaginable of which even a glimpse would Dr.ive the most stable of minds insane. Slow tearing of flesh by harsh iron followed screaming, crying, and begging echoed as he descended. But with the strength of the Devil imbued in his veins, alongside the one-minded passion of his Dr.ive, the keeper kept on, onward and downward into the darkness of hell.
At the pit, in the numb, colder than ice and colder still center of the bottom, the Devil sat, waiting. Wrought by fire and iron, a creature more foul the keeper had never seen, and the keeper Dr.ew his blade and approached.
“Face me at last, vile creature,” he said.
The Devil stood and faced the keeper with a look not reproachful or malicious, but compassionate. “Vile creature? How do you suppose we differ, you and I?”
The keeper spoke his reply with hatred. “The holy man has not the grotesque, inhuman horns that erupt from your head.”
To which the Devil replied, “But have you.”
And the keeper felt his head, and to his horror grasped two long, braiding horns. 
Unfazed, the keeper spoke again. “The holy man has not blood-red scabs that you wear as vermin do scales.”
To which the Devil replied, “But have you.”
And the keeper felt along his arms, and gasped as his fingers scratched against jagged edges of innumerable, rusted metal scales. 
Unfazed, the keeper spoke again. “The holy man has not the split tails on your back that sway and pitch as snakes.”
To which the Devil, smirking, replied, “But have you.”
And the keeper felt his rear, and a scream escaped from what had once been lips as he grasped his own snake-like tails.
The Devil's smirk faded, and his look of compassion returned. “I ask again, man. How do you suppose we differ?”
“I know one difference,” the keeper said with his fury's volcanic ash erupting, and he rushed forth with unholy speed and struck the Devil with his sword through its chest. “I live.” 
The Devil wore a look of peace as it choked. “The souls are yours,” it said.
Then like a willow struck by lightning it fell—never to rise again from the cold hard pit of hell.

‡  ‡  ‡
Part 4:
Vile demons which had moments earlier been invisible revealed themselves to the keeper. They called him the Devil Slayer, and asked what he required.
“The soul of my wife,” he said.
The demons shook their heads. Only the Devil knew which souls are which, they said. The Devil Slayer would have to search.
They brought him the chest. Within, billions of souls swirled and writhed in agony.
He dipped inside and grasped a seizing soul. “Are they organized?” he asked.
The demons shook their horned heads, and left the keeper, now the Devil Slayer, to do as he had that lifetime ago—collecting and organizing. This time however, not documents but souls.

‡  ‡  ‡

Part 5:
Decades passed as he searched. Decades became centuries, and unbeknownst or even considered to the Devil Slayer, his wife passed away. But he kept searching, collecting, and organizing, and in time the demons forgot his name. They forgot what had come to pass, and his name reduced from the Devil Slayer to the Devil. And more time passed, and soon they forgot the difference between the two.
Still more time passed, and the Devil forgot how his obsession with souls began, and only knew his job was to keep them. And the souls became dear to the Devil, and he filled the pit to hell which he'd dug centuries before with cold dirt, to bar those who would take from him his souls. 
Then he heard the whispers from far above, mortals offering their souls as compensation for wishes granted. And he accepted, and granted their wishes with his power, and their souls too he collected and organized.
Millennia passed, and the Devil grew weaker in his conviction, yet his obsession lingered. And one day, in a different dark tale not unlike this one, a desperate young man offered his soul in exchange for a loved one's—but the Devil declined. So the young man, distraught, instead offered his soul in exchange for The Devil's power enough to kill.
And the Devil accepted, and fared the mortal well.
The Simulator

“Has he moved?”
“No. No, he just sits there, all day, all night. He can't take his eyes off that thing.”
“Is he happy?”
“I—” She paused, glanced at his back, and sighed. “I wish I knew. He doesn't move from it, I've never seen what he's made first-hand.”
“Miss Smith, you have to understand. The war, it's very… unnerving for men like him. The Simulator may very well relax him. I'm sorry—there's nothing I can do.”
Miss Smith nodded as an explosion rattled the planet surface fifty miles beneath her home. The face of their doctor flickered once and then the screen cut to black. She looked at her son, and a sympathetic smile wavered on her parched lips. She walked into the kitchen and ran the faucet. It sputtered once, coughed up brown chunks, and moaned and choked sporadically until she turned it off—frustration lacing the lines of her aging face. She sighed, and glanced again towards her son. She was unnervingly familiar with the curvature and arch of his back, as he never turned from the glass window of their white dome in the sky. She had tried to get him to shift from the window, thinking that the constant explosions of their war below would mar his fragile psyche, but she didn't want to upset him, so she let it be.
His hands moved as things of their own, as if each were the manipulations of dueling puppet masters—his torso shimmered back and forth and a soft blue glow enveloped him.
His age was in the Omegas, about 1-2. Autism had been a disorder of the past, cured simply by prenatal testing and mild genetic restructuring. Since the discovery of the cure, it'd had only one recorded failure. Him.

‡  ‡  ‡

He knew his mother watched him sadly as he worked. She thought he didn't listen to her conversations with the doctor, but he did. He grew, unhindered by age as they all were, but he knew anger towards those unlike him, joyfully flaunting their free minds as he struggled within the confines of his. His mother bought him The Simulator at five years old, and it'd been his life since.

‡  ‡  ‡

A second explosion rattled their home as she watched him, but he didn't seem to notice. His hands pushed and pulled, scoping and scanning the world he'd made. The doctor confirmed that he couldn't help her—she'd have to physically Dr.ag her son from The Simulator, or let him die.
She walked over to his area and placed a hand on his back, watching his eyes dart back and forth, and felt pain for him, pain of wasted youth and a life spent creating something worthless. No, not worthless, she resolved—at least not to him.
He didn't look as she knelt beside him. His eyes kept darting back and forth, hands moving a mile a minute, manipulation, creating.
“Honey?”
He didn't respond. He never did.
“Honey? How's your world?”
She felt her eyes moisten, scared for what she'd soon be forced to do. It'd be like tearing his mind in half.
“I know,” he spoke suddenly.
She held her breath, stunned at her son's words. Oh speak again, angel, oh please. “Know what?” she asked.
“My world. I can't save it.”
She wanted to collapse against him and hold him close, but resisted the urge. Comforting him would have the opposite effect.
“I'm so sorry,” she replied. “If there was a way, any way at all...” She sighed. “But there isn't. We need to escape very very soon.”
His fingers danced along the screen, and holographic images of smiling humanoids made their way around his fingers. When he touched them they'd stop, as if for a moment, they felt a great unknowable presence.
She smiled. He'd created a whole, fully-functioning world. The Simulator. He'd apparently thoroughly advanced it, and programmed it, made it true to life, shaped it into the greatest work. Art as an imitation of life, in the purest of forms. She watched his screen, fascinated by his dance around The Simulator as his humanoids lived their simulated lives.
“They call it Earth,” he said. “They can Dr.eam.”
Strands of understanding entwined in her mind as her son’s psyche finally, for her, crystalized. For the first time, she felt something other than sadness for him. Here, in their world, he was trapped, but within his simulation he was limited only by his imagination.
“Your world is beautiful,” she said.
“The Dr.eaming was the hardest part,” he replied. “They can Dr.eam whatever they want. They have wants, and they can Dr.eam them.”
A third explosion shattered the sky, and their home shook and glassware fell from shelves, crashing onto the floor. They had minutes, if that.
“Honey, please—can you say goodbye? We have to go now.”
For the first time in a long time, he turned and looked at her. “I'm ready. I think they're ready too.”
“You're not going to shut it off?”
He looked back at the Simulator. “No. I programmed into it a version of myself, so they'll know they're not alone in the end. I don't want them to feel alone. And just before the end, they'll Dr.eam. I'm happy I made it so they can Dr.eam.”
She felt jealousy of his love for the machine. Shaking it off, she took his hand as he stood, and as a deafening siren erupted they ran from the room and a voice erupted and echoed around the chamber. “The last ship for Sarm will be leaving in thirty minutes.”
It echoed a few more times, and then cut out with a fourth explosion that seemed to lift their home and throw it back down simultaneously. She screamed and covered her head as pieces of her roof crumbled.
They left their home and entered the Warpway of West Foxtrot, heading towards Central Alpha. As the pressure of the Warpway magnified, her hand squeezed his, and she knew that not even the force of the splitting planet could tear her from him.
In the blink of an eye, they stumbled out of the Warpway as glimmering white dust fell from their clothing, and they followed the crowd to the last remaining starship. She gripped his hand even tighter as they joined the long line of frightened people attempting to board. She panicked. There were far too many people, there was no way they'd all fit.

‡  ‡  ‡

He realized that there were too many people and not enough room in the starship, and he was frightened beyond belief. He wanted to curl up into a ball and cry—he'd never in his life been surrounded by so many people, and now, in a matter of minutes, he'd be blown apart with them. He watched them scurry back and forth with a desperate panic as they attempted to flee. So, he realized sadly, this was it.
But then, inexplicably, a calm enveloped him, and for the first time in his life his mind relaxed. The fear and panic of only moments earlier evaporated, and it felt as those feelings had never existed. 
Something flickered in the depths of his subconscious, something that gave him the slightest urge to simply turn around. The only similar feeling he'd ever felt was familiarity. It was simply a feeling, and it was odd that he even acknowledged it—he rarely acted on impulse.
But he turned anyway, and blinked once in disbelief. The form of a man materialized in front of him, gathering light particles from around the room. Blue light enveloped the body, and then faded, and an elderly yet youthfully jovial man appeared, gazing directly at him. He gazed back at the man, and simultaneously the two erupted into laughter. And as the world ceased to exist he laughed, understanding the hilarious secret they shared.
What if Your Hand is Empty?

“What if your hand, right now, is empty?” asked the crumpled man.
“Then you have nothing to fear,” the armed man replied.
The air tasted sordid and raw, Dr.aped like a veil, edges flickering from hints of wind. Fog-like in feeling but transparent. It howled from miles away. Grass crunched and stung like spent charcoal.
“What if your hand is empty?” the crumpled man repeated.
“Then at least I still have my footing.”
The plains were designed for the overcast. Color desaturated, as if blanketed by a thin veil of gray. Shadows contrasted with the pale ground. The howling continued.
“You aren’t listening. What if your hand is empty?”
“Then I have my fists, and you’re crumpled on the ground.”
The clouds fell towards the plain. Grass waved, but of its own accord. Translucent air brought wisps of red streaks. The howling persisted.
“Are the clouds falling?” the armed man asked.
The crumpled man shook his head. “If they are, what does that mean for your hand if its empty?”
“Maybe I’ll just pull the trigger and break this silence.”
“Wouldn’t your mind create an explosion, despite the state of your hand and its contents?”
The grass crunched beneath shuffling feet. The clouds cast shadows on the ground. Streams of red jazzed. The howling increased in pitch.
“What if your hand is empty?”
“I guess there’s only one way to find out.”
“But then, what if it is?”
“What if it is?”
“Tell me the state of the clouds.”
The clouds, closer still, cast darkness on the pale grass. They waved and flickered, still, wily, caressing slits. Bounding plains extended and speared and the howling sustained and overlapped itself like chords.
“They’re falling.”
“Do clouds fall?”
“I suppose they could.”
“Then what of your hand?”
“I can feel the gun.”
“Is your will an extension of your mind, or is it just the opposite?”
“One way to find out.”
“Tell me the state the clouds.”
The clouds were so close. He could reach upwards and touch them, hairy, prickling, stringent, razor-edged. Puncturing flats and howling. Streamlining, bearing down upon the horizon. Red streaked across the translucent veil. And the howling, oh—the howling!
“I could touch them.”
“Why don’t you?”
“I won’t feel anything.”
“What if you do?”
He looked at the clouds. They became reflections of themselves on transparent glass. Overlapping holograms. He closed his eyes and heard his lids fall—the black of his eyelids a veined relief. But soon, jumbles of colors tossed and rolled in diagonal waves across his eyes. Sparkling danced from sourceless light. Clouds—the clouds howled.
“What if I feel them?” the armed man asked. He could hear his limbs tremble.
“If your mind decides to feel, who’s to say whether or not they can be felt?”
“I know what can be felt.”
“Can the clouds be felt?”
“I’m not sure.”
“There’s only one way to find out.”
“I don’t want to.”
“You’re going to regardless. It’s a matter of time.”
“Why’s that?”
“Tell me the state of the clouds.”
He barely had to look up. The clouds were just above his head. They were a hat, his head lifted them—they pounded his neck and compressed his spine.
Claustrophobia.
He shrunk.
“They’re going to crush us.”
“Or obscure us. Your moment is slipping away.”
The armed man lifted his opposite hand, palm forward. It stopped at the clouds and he felt sand.
“I can feel them. They’re sand. It’s an avalanche! They’re going to crush us!”
“Then you better shoot before we’re both crushed.”
The armed man fell to a crouch. The gun’s weight shook his hand. He inhaled through his teeth. Grit smacked his gums. The red veil saturated and translucified, burning the edges of his vision. The grass billowed like trees in a storm, fighting to remain planted, yet there was no wind. The clouds sidled their many heads next to his and together they howled furiously, a duet of sorts.
He squeezed the trigger again and again. Gunshots rang out. He saw the bullets fly through the thick air and strike the crumpled man’s chest. Blood spurted.
The armed man grinned. “Looks like your mind game didn’t work after all. It was a nice effort.”
The crumpled man opened his eyes. “Are you sure about that? What if your hand is empty?”
“Then you’d be fine, instead of shot.”
“I am fine.”
The crumpled man stood. His head broke through the ceiling of falling clouds. The clouds ignored the crumpled man.
“But I shot you.”
“Your hand is empty.”
“It’s not!”
“Well, for your sake I hope it isn’t. I’d prefer to be shot and die quickly than slowly crushed to death by an avalanche of clouds.”
The armed man pointed the gun at his own head and fired. But it made no noise. He opened his hand and stared at it. The gun fell, and as it did it disappeared. The clouds fell further, and he screamed and fell to the waving grass as howling deafened him.
And the crumpled man walked away—a slight grin on his face, and his hand in his pocket. He fingered six bullets that weren’t his and listened to the armed man shriek.
You Might Not Like What Looks Back At You

I wasn’t listening, I didn’t have to, I knew what the bartender would say.
“I don’t care,” I replied. “Just tell me where I can find it.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes. Yes, I’m sure.”
The bartender stared at me for a moment longer with an unreadable expression. Finally he replied, “It’s in the back.”
You might not like what you find looking back at you. You might not like at all. That’s what they kept saying. Except they don’t know me. What did they know? What did they think? That I’d look and realize that I’m not as handsome as I thought I was? Or I’d find that I look completely different altogether? It didn’t matter. They said the mirror was reserved for those who literally hated every aspect of themselves and had nothing left to lose. I’d reached that point, I was sure of it. When you have nothing left to hate, it could only show you an improvement. That’s what they said.
I reached the door, and a bouncer or a guard stood in front. He watched me approach, but didn’t move. “Get out of my way,” I said.
The bouncer remained and stared at me with a blank expression. He was small for a bouncer. “You don’t want to go back there,” he said. “You might not like what you find.”
“I’m fully aware of what I might find.”
“I don’t think you are.”
“Why? Why do you think that? You don’t know me,” I said. I was getting angry. “You haven’t seen the bottom. I have. What makes you think I haven’t?”
“You haven’t.”
“You know something I don’t?”
“Yes,” he said. “This bar is always hiring.”
“I know. The bartender told me. Is it a requirement that you all just repeat everything constantly?”
“You don’t want to know the answer to that.”
“And is it a requirement that you pretend to know someone you’ve never met and know nothing about?”
“I know enough. You don’t want to know. You should leave, and forget about the mirror.”
“All I see are a bunch of pretentious assholes. I hate that. I hate when people who have experienced something tell someone that they shouldn’t experience it. Something made you look, nothing stopped you—what makes you think you and I are any different?”
“We aren’t. We are exactly the same. Or we were. Now we’re not. Trust me, you’re fine how you are.”
“You don’t know me! Stop assuming to know me!”
“I don’t know you. I know me, and I know everyone else in this bar. Trust me. Leave. Live your life. Forget about the mirror.”
I shook my head. “Let me through—we’re done talking.”
“You might not like what you find looking back at you.”
“So I’ve heard a thousand times. Let me through.”

‡  ‡  ‡

“Let me through,” she said.
I looked at her. How...? But she was me. Or how I was. There was a flicker of something. How can I convince myself? How could I save myself?
I looked at her. I could look, but that was it. She had dark brown hair that Dr.ained downwards, Dr.y but Dr.ipping. Her eyes were bloodshot, but soft. Her lips formed a pout, but that could’ve been the natural shape of her lips. Her brow was narrowed as she looked at me.
“Please. Listen, I know exactly what you’re thinking,” I said. “Don’t do it. Leave, forget about it. Forget you ever heard about it.”
She twisted her fingers. Her clothes were the same color as her hair, and fell from her shoulders in the same manner. The look she gave me I recognized as once, long ago, my own.
“Listen,” I continued, “I’m begging you. This bar is always hiring, but you don’t want to work here. Walk away. Leave. Live your life. It gets worse, I promise you that no matter what you’re going through it can always get worse.”
“Don’t pretend to know me!” she said. Her eyes were bloodshot, as if they hadn’t been Dr.y in years. Her complexion seemed almost transparent. I wanted to express something, but I had nothing to express.
I looked at her, but it was hard to see. “I know you think you’re at the bottom, but you’re not. I am.”
Three dark lines fell vertically between her eyebrows. Her bloodshot eyes were slits. “I hate that,” she said. “You know something I don’t know, so why don’t you just tell me?”
I recognized the words that I replied as I’d heard them replied to me sometime before.

‡  ‡  ‡

“I can’t.”
There was another person in front of another damn door. And he wouldn’t let me through. Someone else wouldn’t let me through. And they all had that same, non-expressive look. It was condescending even, and I read it as pity. It looked like pity—they recognized my pain, yet they still disregarded me.
“That’s bullshit,” I said. “If it’s so bad, just tell me. If you experienced something that bad, you must be able to at least describe it.”
His eyes remained expressionless. He neither smiled nor frowned, he just looked at me, but looked at me like I was a wall. I stood there in front of him, no more and no less significance than a wall. “It’s darkness,” he said. “It’s nothing. It’s a shade.”
“You’re fucking rambling and that doesn’t mean shit,” I said, angry and upset. “I’m darkness, I’m nothing, I’m a shade. You think you know me, you think it can get worse from here—well, for me, it can’t. I know it can’t.”
“It can. I know you. I know what you’re thinking, what you’re feeling, because I felt that way too. But I promise you, you’re wrong. I was just like you, and I promise you that you’re wrong.”

‡  ‡  ‡

“It’s darkness blacker than black,” I said, reflecting on the memory. “It’s nothing, it’s completely nothing. It’s emptiness. It takes everything.”
She took a step closer to me, and lines on both sides of her nose deepened, like a snarl. “That doesn’t mean anything! I asked you to describe it, you literally described it as nothing. Obviously it’s something. I hate myself. I hate everything. I want to look. I have nothing. It can only be an improvement.”
“I thought that too.”
“Then let me through. If you know me as well as you think you do, you know nothing will stop me.”
“I know. But you don’t want this. As badly as I know you think you want this, I know that’s exactly how badly you’ll wish you never knew.”

‡  ‡  ‡

“I’m not going to ask again,” I said. “Let me through.”
His expression was blank. He waited a moment, then he stepped aside, keeping his eyes on me the entire time. 
The door opened before me. The mirror was incredible. Or at least from the back it was. It was at least eight feet tall, with a frame that from behind seemed to be a floral design. The room was decently lit, well enough that I’d be able to see whatever I was about to well enough. I shivered with excitement.

‡  ‡  ‡

It’s so obvious, in retrospect.
“Listen, will you let me through if I show you my boobs?”
I stared at her. I looked at her body. She wasn’t fat, if anything she was thin. Underneath her clothing that fell from her shoulders like hair from her head I saw an impression of boobs. This struck me as nothing. I almost wondered the significance of that, but the flicker faded like a spark in a storm. 
“When I was like you, that would’ve compelled me, I’m sure,” I said. “Now it doesn’t matter. Believe me, you have to believe me.”
She took a step back. Her features smoothed and relaxed. “What’s wrong with you? My mind is set,” she said. “I hate myself. I’m angry and I’m sad all the time. Nothing, literally nothing is good. I have nothing, I literally have nothing. This mirror can only be an improvement. That’s what they say. If you have nothing left it can only show you an improvement.”
“You don’t have nothing,” I said.
“I just offered to show you my boobs and you said no. What do you think that does for my self-confidence, or my feelings about myself?”
“I can’t explain what you have, because I don’t anymore. I lost it in the mirror. I don’t even remember what it was. But I know it can get worse. I didn’t think it could but it did.”

‡  ‡  ‡

There was a large black velvet Dr.ape over the mirror. I approached. For the first time in years, I felt excited about something. For the last few years, I’d had nothing but hate and sadness. The world was heavy, large, imposing, and impossible. Every day was a struggle, getting out of bed in the morning was a fight. This mirror was the only thing in my life. Without it I’d likely still be sleeping. Would this mirror give me friends? Help me find love? Give me purpose? There were so many possibilities. I couldn’t wait. It was a fresh start—this mirror was a fresh start.

‡  ‡  ‡

She wouldn’t have it. None of the other bar staff were successful. Truth be told, we rarely are. 
I stepped aside, keeping my eyes glued to her the entire time. I knew I’d be seeing her again, but at the same time, I knew I wouldn’t. Whatever she would become would be worse. It can always get worse.

‡  ‡  ‡

I stepped around the mirror. The large black velvet Dr.ape Dr.ipped off the sleek surface, reminiscent of blood. Foreboding, but not deterring—beautiful in its size, shroud, and mystery. I had to look—I’d come this far—there was no turning back now. The velvet curtain was soft between my fingers, I gripped it tight. It was overwhelming, I felt like I’d come so far, that I was finally reaching the end, or the beginning. Tears inexplicably formed and fell.

‡  ‡  ‡

Little did I know, that would be the last time I cried. I watched the girl as she walked past me, into the room with the mirror. I thought back to my life before the mirror, but it was blurry. Minutes prior felt like years, and my life prior to entering the bar was fog. And the memories faded even faster. I could barely remember the beginning of the conversation with the bartender. My memories only came to focus towards the end. My last true memory was the moment just before the mirror. It should have been so obvious then, how I felt. How I thought I had nothing.
Had I had nothing, would the mirror have given me such a feeling? Could the mirror have made me feel how I felt? Because at the end, I had one thing, one desperate thing that I didn’t realize I had. The mirror is paradoxical in that aspect, because it represents exactly what it takes, no more and no less.
She stepped out of the room, and the look in her eyes was exactly the look I have now.
“There’s nothing left,” she said. “I’m empty.”
“Well,” I said, “We’re always hiring.”

‡  ‡  ‡

The velvet curtain fell off the mirror. I looked.
I saw myself and stared at my reflection. My eyes were bloodshot. I kept staring—my eyes were locked with my own. 
Then I saw myself grin. I could feel the muscles in my face, and they were relaxed, which made my grinning reflection a curiosity. I touched my lips and my reflection followed. I kept my finger there, studying the curiosity of my grinning reflection.
I don’t think I was grinning. In fact, I’m sure I wasn’t grinning.
I watched myself grin and thought that the improvement was about to take place. I thought that I was about to prove everyone in the bar wrong. 
But they weren’t. I was.
I Dr.opped my hand, but my reflection’s hand remained. A look of shock formed on his face and this time it was a reflection of my own. Aside for the hand, that is. From where my finger touched my face, a Dr.oplet of blood formed and crawled along the bottom of my finger, running down my arm. But I didn’t follow the blood—my eyes remained locked on my eyes. My reflection began crying, but I could’ve sworn I was still in shock. 
My reflection Dr.opped his hand. Tears streamed down his face. I felt air leave my lunges. As my chest deflated, the mirror darkened.
Try as I might, I couldn’t breathe in or even stop exhaling. The mirror darkened and darkened, and I saw my reflection—laughing, crying, shocked, and broken—fade. As it disappeared my feelings left, slowly diminishing from shock and confusion to apathy. Then I was empty, and the mirror was black.
I blinked, and the mirror came into focus. I stared as hard as I could, to bring back my reflection, but staring did nothing. 
Because it was never a mirror—it was just black velvet over a frame. I blinked again, and again, but nothing. But I remembered what I saw. I saw myself grin, but I’d forgotten what that meant. I’d seen myself crying, but that had no meaning. I saw myself filled with something, something good, but whatever that was had disappeared.
So I stood there in that room with a single question: What had I possessed before the mirror? Those feelings, whatever those feeling were didn’t exist. The mirror represented something, but now it was just black. Stare as hard as I could, I saw nothing. I saw just darkness, just a shade. 
I wanted to see what I’d seen before, but the longer I stared, the more I realized that it’d all been in my head. The longer I stood there wondering, staring, blind and empty, the more those feelings faded to obscurity. Soon I stood in front of a frame covered by black velvet, nothing more and nothing less. And I didn’t want to look anymore, so I looked on the floor where I’d placed the black velvet curtain, but it wasn’t there. I looked back at the mirror, and there the black velvet curtain hung, exactly as it had been the entire time. But that didn’t matter. I felt a hint of curiosity—to remove the curtain and see what was actually underneath—but the curiosity faded, and I was left alone in the room and about that I felt apathy, nothing more and nothing less. So I left.
I don’t know why I left the room. I only knew one thing: Whatever I had before was something, and I could never get it back, never go back. 
But I didn’t care. There was once a world outside the bar, but now there was the bar, and that was decent, no more and no less. It didn’t matter. There was the bar. So I’d wait.
I walked out of the room. “It was nothing,” I said. “There’s nothing. I’m empty. It’s a void.”
“Well,” the bartender said, “We’re hiring. We’re always hiring.”
Good Night, Noises Everywhere

“So the body has finally been identified,” said Dr. Wright.
Mr. Barnes scratched his beard. A lamp in the corner of the room blinked every four seconds. The light bathed the black corpse bag scarlet. Only the top of the bag was unzipped, where Steve Shallow lay, the pale, almost transparent flesh of his head exposed, eyes shut peacefully. Dr. Wright and Mr. Barnes both noted two peculiar facts. The first of which being that the body lacked the foul odor commonly associated with corpses.
“The second fact is peculiar still, Mr. Barnes, but both of these facts are pieces of the same puzzle considering where he was found.”
“Yes, Dr. Wright, the moon was certainly the last place we’d have expected to find Mr. Shallow’s body. The fact that he was an astronaut, and Dr.eamed of being the first man on the moon adds another layer to the mystery of his disappearance. Not that anyone, after all this time, had still been looking.”
The pair studied the body, watching the winking red light shroud it every four seconds. The sleek metal morgue table felt like ice through Dr. Wright’s gloved hands.
“He was a religious man,” Dr. Wright continued. “He had a tattoo on his left chest.”
“A tattoo?”
“Yes.” Dr. Wright looked at her chart and continued. “’God wouldn’t have created the Dr.eam in your heart if it were impossible.’”
Mr. Barnes retrieved a notepad from his jacket pocket and wrote.
“‘…it were impossible.’” He finished, then put the pad away. “Well, we know what his Dr.eam was, Dr. Wright.”
“We certainly do. I’ve read the court transcript.”
“Have you, now?”
“Yes. His story is interesting. Very much so.”
Dr. Wright zipped the corpse bag, hiding Steve Shallow’s head. Mr. Barnes retrieved the court transcripts from his briefcase. He sat down at the desk nearby, turned on the lamp, and began to read:

‡  ‡  ‡

Court commenced October 20th, 1968. Jury present. Presiding judge, George O’henry.
The Court: Have the members of the jury reached a verdict?
The Foreman: Yes, your honor. We find the defendant not guilty by reason of insanity.

‡  ‡  ‡

Mr. Barnes glanced back at Dr. Wright. The doctor scribbled voraciously on her notepad, eyes ticking back and forth, back and forth, almost synchronized with the red light.
“What if Shallow wasn’t insane?” Mr. Barnes asked.
Dr. Wright looked from her notes and furrowed her brow. “From the transcript, it seems he thought he was nearing the moon.”
“And then he was on the moon. This religious aspect has got me thinking.”
“It’s certainly intriguing.”
Dr. Wright returned to her notepad. Mr. Barnes closed his eyes for a moment. When he opened them, he spoke. “Are you a God fearing woman, doctor?”
Dr. Wright cleared her throat. She studied Mr. Barnes for a moment before responding. “That question seems inappropriate, don’t you think, Mr. Barnes?”
“Humor me.”
The doctor studied the corpse bag on the silver table as if its gravity and mystique was par with that of a crossword puzzle.
“I’ll give you my answer when you’ve ruled out every other explanation,” she said.
Mr. Barnes sighed and returned to the transcript. He flipped back a few pages and continued reading.

‡  ‡  ‡

The Defense: My client, Dr. Shallow, opened the door and was confronted by the victim and associates. They were from a prank television show, but they posed as a crew from a news outlet. You were the cameraman. Is this correct so far, Mr. Kale?
Mr. Kale: Yes.
The Defense: My client begged for the truth. He said, and I’m quoting, “please. I can’t take this if it isn’t real. You don’t understand. Please. Please. Is this real?” 
Does that sound correct?
Mr. Kale: Yes.
The Defense: The victim assured my client that it was, in fact, real. He claimed that my client had been chosen to command the Apollo 11, which was something my client desired desperately. How did my client react when this false information was relayed to him, after his initial disbelief?
Mr. Kale: He was ecstatic.
The Defense: Did any behavior at this time lead you to believe that the defendant was not in his right mind?
Mr. Kale: No.
The Defense: So after this exchange the prank was revealed. My client, in your words, “did not react at all. As if something inside of him broke.” 
Mr. Kale, my question is this: In your time as a prank show cameraman, would you say you’d witnessed others pranked react this way?
Mr. Kale: No.
The Defense: Would you say that this was the moment my client, as you put it, broke?
Mr. Kale: Yes.
The Defense: So in your opinion, did my client lose his grip on reality at this moment?
The Prosecution: Objection. Speculation. The witness can’t possibly know the mindset of another man based on observation.
The Court: Sustained.

‡  ‡  ‡

Mr. Barnes turned to Dr. Wright.
“What if he never fully understood that this was a prank? What if part of him understood, but not all of him?”
Dr. Wright looked from her notepad once more. “My answer to that would be far and away from a medical opinion.”
“We’re far and away from any division of science at this point, it would seem. I want your opinion.”
“Then yes. I believe your postulation has merit. But I have no credibility on this matter whatsoever, and my opinion should be weighed as such.”
“Understood.”
Mr. Barnes withDr.ew another transcript from his briefcase. It was an interview with Sharon Shallow, Steve Shallow’s wife at the time.

‡  ‡  ‡

“…He was quiet. He barely spoke. He never slept. Would I say he changed? Yes. Absolutely. One hunDr.ed percent. I heard the cameraman, who should, God forgive me, go straight to hell, along with everyone else involved with that horrific show.
The cameraman? Oh yeah. The cameraman said that something inside of him broke. In my opinion, this was a gross understatement. Nothing inside my husband broke. No. Something inside of him died. His soul, it just...died. He wasn’t the same—he wasn’t even close to the same. He was a shadow. He left the house once since the incident, and I haven’t seen him since.
Did I have any idea what he would do? Are you kidding me? Are you [expletive] kidding me? That a month later he would murder the [expletive] host of the show? My husband would never in a million years have been capable of murder. That [expletive] prank show host, rest his horrible soul, got his comeuppance. He got what he deserved. I’ve seen the footage, I’ve seen how my husband begged him for the truth. Pleaded with him. Broke into tears. I’d never seen my husband cry, in fifteen years of marriage, never once. He told them countless times that he couldn’t take it, if they were pranking him he couldn’t take it. But the prank kept going. That was nothing shy of pure evil, and you can underline that on your record. Pure. Evil. He got what was coming to him. Was my husband capable of murder? No. But whatever they turned him into apparently was.”

‡  ‡  ‡

Mr. Barnes stood and returned to the morgue table and the corpse bag.
“What I don’t understand is the blood,” he said.
Dr. Wright nodded her head and flipped a few pages in her notes.
“It was at least half a liter on the walls of his room,” Dr. Wright said. “He’d have needed a significant wound somewhere to bleed that much.”
“Yet there were no physical wounds found on his body.”
“Nor any scars, Mr. Barnes, suggesting a wound of that magnitude healed.”
“Not that the time lapse between the blood and his disappearance would have been enough to allow wounds of that nature to heal. Am I correct in thinking that, in an environment such as the moon, the lack of oxygen would prevent blood clotting? A wound can’t heal without oxygen, right?”
“Correct.”
“He would have bled to death.”
“If what you are saying is that he would have needed medical attention, then that’s correct.”
“That isn’t what I’m saying.”
“Then you are suggesting that he magically healed, then teleported.”
“Maybe, Dr. Wright. Remember, there was no sign of forced entry into or out of his room. When they found it empty, they still had to unlock it. The room has been since dismantled, but it seems that any means of escape at that time were impossible.”
“There are many ways a man can get through a door, Mr. Barnes.”
“But those rooms are impossible to open from the inside. Cameras in the hallway. No door opened, no man exited. If he managed a way to escape from that room, Dr. Wright, it can’t have been through the door.”
“Is it possible that whatever damage he caused to escape he could have repaired?”
“Two feet thick concrete walls. Even if he managed to burrow through the wall, there’s no way he could have done so without leaving evidence of obvious damage. But there was nothing. No damage. Not even a scratch. How did he get on the moon, when even leaving his room was impossible?”
Mr. Barnes opened his briefcase and pulled out a third transcript. An interview with the orderly on duty that night.

‡  ‡  ‡

“The first thing I noticed was the blood. Obviously, patients have no access to anything that might be used to cause bodily harm to oneself or others. But what’s most peculiar is that the patient was in a straight jacket. He’d been seizing almost every night for months prior to his escape, but even with doctors on hand evaluating the patient during and after, there was, they claimed, no medical reason for the seizures. And the strange nature of the seizures themselves led all involved to believe that the patient—for lack of a better term—was faking. For the last month of his tenure, he wore a straight jacket at all times, for his own safety.
His behavior? Peculiar, but not any more or less peculiar than the average asylum patient. You see, he was certain that he was on the moon. Or close. If I remember correctly, he repeated often the words, ‘So close’, ‘Almost there,’ and nonsense like that. Obviously pertaining to the moon. He spoke of it often. ‘Soon,’ he’d say. ‘I’m almost there.’ And when asked ‘where?’ he’d look at you with a raised eyebrow, condescendingly even, and say, ‘The moon, of course!’
Where do I think he might be hiding? [Laughter] Well, have you checked the moon?”

‡  ‡  ‡

“They should’ve listened to the orderly,” Mr. Barnes said.
Dr. Wright didn’t look up from her notes. “Seventy years ago, I would have laughed right along with the man,” she said. “Today I would have too.”
“It’s remarkable. Maybe Shallow bribed an orderly to finagle the cameras and help him escape, then, somehow, he snuck aboard a spaceship, hopped off once in space and died on the moon.”
“Except the cause of death doesn’t point to suffocation, or freezing, or any of the other countless ways one might die on the moon.”
Mr. Barnes took a deep breath, attempting to hide a yawn. “Dr. Wright,” he said. “For the first time in my career, I’m at a complete and utter loss.”
“I think it’s safe to say we’ve exhausted every plausible explanation.”
“Which, I’ve found, always insinuates that we’ve missed something obvious.”
“We aren’t missing it, I don’t think, Mr. Barnes. We’re ignoring it.”
“What do you mean?”
Dr. Wright sighed and closed her notepad. “Mr. Barnes, it’s three in the morning. I’m clocking out, and going across the street for a Dr.ink. You’re welcome to join me. There’s nothing more to learn from this body.”
Mr. Barnes stood from the desk and packed his papers into his briefcase.
“Lead the way, doctor.”
Dr. Wright opened the double doors and the hallway’s fluorescent lights nearly blinded them.
“What you should be looking into,” Dr. Wright said, “is what those marking that he wrote on the walls of the asylum in his blood mean.”
“From what I found it seemed to be Enochian. The language of the angels. Which, as a religious man, he very well could have memorized at some point in his life prior to this whole business.”
“Which brings us back to the intangibles.” Dr. Wright sighed. “Mr. Barnes, I’m having trouble deciding whether we’re being realistic or blind.”
“How so?”
“Is the answer right in front of us?”
Mr. Barnes listened to their footsteps echo down the long hospital corridor, bounding and magnifying in volume. As they walked forward the door toward which they headed seemed to remain the distance it had been originally when the pair first began walking. Mr. Barnes closed his eyes for a moment. This discussion would do nothing for his report or his credibility, but his curiosity had been aroused nonetheless. This report, regardless of his findings, had no immediate or likely long term implications. Explaining a seventy year old mystery, to his superiors, was busy work for an aging detective. To Barnes, however, the disappearance and recovery of Steve Shallow became the strangest case he’d ever taken. And recent discoveries did nothing but compound it.
“Dr. Wright,” Mr. Barnes said. “Are you talking about God?”
“Maybe. Divine intervention. Something. Miracles seem to happen all the time. But miracles seem to stem from occurrences that have an extremely low probability of coming to pass. This, however, seems not like an improbability, but an impossibility. What can we call it, if we call rare, fortunate occurrences miracles, or divine intervention? This is something else, Mr. Barnes. This is something very, very different.” 
The sliding-glass doors opened before the two, and they crossed the threshold to the night. Dr. Wright pointed across the parking lot, across the street to the bar, a green blinking light indicating that it remained open, even at this ungodly hour.
As they walked, Dr. Wright spoke again. “You asked me earlier if I’m a God fearing woman. Maybe. Maybe I am now, Mr. Barnes.”
Mr. Barnes tilted his head back and looked at the moon, thinking nothing, quickly losing interest. 
“Well,” he said. “At least we know one thing.”
“What’s that?”
“If the timeline is correct,” he continued, “Steve Shallow was the first man on the moon after all.”
Chirping Chirping HellDr.awn Horror

For the past couple days, cute animals have been killing themselves around me, and I can only presume it began with the gypsy at the mall.
The Dr.ead-haired beaded clerk asked if I'd like to purchase an electronic pet. I rolled my eyes and replied, “what am I? Five?”
In retrospect, that’s the moment I'd sealed my fate.

‡  ‡  ‡

The freak accidents began in a manner so jarring that my initial response was not fear but black-hearted laughter. 
A bird crashed into a window. A cute five-inch sparrow, and it wasn't until I’d noticed the blood smear that my laughter choked in my throat. 
The bird twitched once or twice on the pavement, then lay still. 
You may be thinking, “Hey, guy—that sounds like naught but misfortunate!” 
Well, you’d be dead wrong.
Dead. Wrong.
Like the puppy which had apparently thought the best time to cross the street was as the tractor trailer barreled down towards it at fifty miles an hour.
Yelp!
Please, you have to understand. Fear caked me like sweat, and daily I grew more terrified to leave the safety of my home.
Which didn’t protect me at all. You should’ve seen the cat outside my apartment. Standing on the edge of one of those green metal dumpsters, digging through the trash, scrounging for a meal, minding its own business. I remember thinking that the cat looked super fluffy and cute, and I considered bringing it some milk. 
That’s when an unfortunate gust of wind burst forth, slamming shut the heavy lid of the dumpster—with half the cat inside of it, and the other half out.
If you want a clearer picture: take a chocolate eclaire, place it on the floor, and chop it in half with an axe.
On second thought, that imagery should suffice.
Friends and family worried about me. But their worry wasn’t directed toward my curse, but toward my mental stability.
The lobster tank at the grocery market exploded as I walked by. Have you ever been Dr.enched in lobster guts? No? Didn’t think so.
It's human nature, I suppose, to strike down freak-coincidences simply as a mental breakdown by the witness. My mother repeatedly questioned my sleep habits and Dr.ug use, both of which grew worse only after the curse's effect took hold on my life—not before.

‡  ‡  ‡

One week had passed since the initial incident with the sparrow, and since then the cute animal death toll had easily risen past a couple dozen. Why were all these cute (aside from, arguably, the lobsters) animals dying horrifically around me? 
I couldn't understand it, so I'd hid. I barely slept, and rarely left my home. I shied from windows, and kept in dark rooms with curtains Dr.awn. 
In retrospect, I wish I'd remained hiding. 
I woke this bleak and cloudy morning determined to end the curse. I logged onto the web to search for something—anything—that could help separate my flesh and curse. 
I researched for hours, and resorted to Dr.inking four cups of salt water mixed with garlic powder. A concoction that caused me to vomit, which is supposedly cleansing. 
Then I performed every counter curse I could find. I spun clockwise and counterclockwise, spread salt around my body, lit candles, marked my naked body in foreign symbols, and bathed in chamomile tea.
Many of the websites asked how I'd come about the curse. They questioned whether the cursed—myself—had witnessed any evil-eyes, offended any witches, walked beneath any ladders, or broken any mirrors. The gypsy struck my mind in a flash. 
I had no choice. The websites repeatedly stated that I'd have to confront whomever cursed me.
And so, donning my red pullover sweatshirt, I left my home. But before I left, I called my girlfriend, who was shocked, but still thrilled to hear my insistence regarding returning to the mall, an activity I so consistantly despised. 
She didn’t understand the truth behind my insistence. She didn’t know that I couldn't bear to face alone the cute animal deaths and the gypsy.

‡  ‡  ‡

We entered the mall, and she held my shaking hand and Dr.agged me into a few of her favorite clothing stores. 
To be honest, the ensuing interminable boredom from watching her try on outfit after outfit helped calm me slightly and morph my cold-sweat paranoia to a comforting, familiar, frustrated pacing. I remember thinking that I might just be overreacting, and by the time we left the fourth clothing store, bags of clothes on both her arms and mine, I'd felt much calmer. 
I almost laughed at the thought of confronting that poor mall clerk gypsy about the curse. Something he'd likely have no idea about.
I decided to play it safe. My plan was to make a pass by the stall before confrontating the gypsy. To dip my feet before diving in.
I didn't tell my girlfriend my plan. I resolved to pass by the stall casually, then tell her I was interested in purchasing one of those toys. We'd double back, and I'd confront the gypsy then.
So we passed the toys. As we did, a flash-flood of regret near Dr.owned me.
I haven’t yet described the toys to you, have I? I’ll explain as best I can. The stall sold those cute electric battery-powered pets, the ones that hop forward and chirp, bark, purr—whatever. They just hop, squeak, and move incessantly. The epitome of horror, no? 
So we passed the stall, and I kid you not, those toys stopped hopping, squeaking, and moving, and turned their battery-powered bodies and locked their black marble eyes upon my soul. They held their gaze with those endless fathomless singularities of eyes as I passed, and every fiber of my being screamed for me to run. 
A passing child noticed the phenomenon as well, commenting, “that's weird.” I kid you not.
At that point, even my oblivious girlfriend noticed my pale sweat as the steep cliff of a panic attack hurtled towards me. She offered to sit down with me, skeptical when I’d told her about the electric pets—convinced that I'd simply imagined it. 
She questioned my recent diet—which consisted only of microwavable pizza, but that was beside the point. I was cursed and even those cute toy animals knew it. I wondered if those toys were not merely toys, but the ghosts of animals that had fallen victim to my curse.
I begged my girlfriend to come over, to sleep over, to not leave me alone, but she only laughed and replied “nice try,” and told me she had work early the next morning. I asked if I could sleep over her place, and finally she relented.
But then I’d remembered—she'd recently adopted a kitten, and there wasn't a chance I'd risk the violent death of my girlfriend's only pet. 
I told her this, and she rolled her eyes and said, “suit yourself.”
She cut me off as I mumbled an apology, replying simply, not-angrily, for me to get it together. I wanted to too, but damn if I could. I couldn't even work up the nerve to return to the stall and confront the gypsy clerk. 
We left the mall and she Dr.opped me off at home. I asked her if she wanted to hang out, but it was already past nine. 
The sun had set, and she reminded me that she had to feed her kitten, and I wasn't going to let another fluffy innocent starve and die on my account. I had enough cute animal blood on my hands.
So I locked my door, shut in, and prayed until I went to bed. 
As a last measure to defend myself from an onslaught of evil, I Dr.ew a ward with my blood on a sheet of computer paper and placed it by the door. 
Somewhat secured, I finally closed my eyes.

‡  ‡  ‡

I'm uncertain of the time I fell asleep, nor the time I awoke, but when I opened my eyes the night remained pitch and it took me a moment to discern the reason for my unnatural wake. I felt a heavy aura in my room, like a mist that altered and slowed time around me. 
Blinking alert, I looked over the side of my bed—and screamed. 
For there, glistening from the moonlight through my window, were countless black marble eyes bourn on countless cute electronic pets—baby ducks, puppies, kittens, birds, even lobsters—staring at me in the darkness. 
An unnatural glow emanated from around them, and I swear on everything that those toys were not mere toys, but alive. 
Ghosts—stalking me, haunting me.
I closed my eyes and shook my head—just a nightmare, I presumed. I must still be Dr.eaming, I hoped and begged. 
But as I attempted to rub from my eyes the sleep—the chirping, oh the horrible barking purring chirping erupted, and an army of hopping approached me with an otherworldly fury. 
I opened my eyes, and they stopped, and no evidence remained of their ghostly possession aside from the distance they'd covered since last my eyes were open. It wasn't much, but it was obvious, and I kicked off my sheets, grabbed my pillow, and scuttled against the wall to the furthest corner of my bed, watching those toys wild-eyed, uncertain of my available options. 
They stood fast between myself and the door, and the thought of coming to contact with any of those marble-eyed apparitions summoned an unknowable, depthless fear to me that rattled my spine from within. 
My phone lay on the bedside table, my only hope, I realized, for salvation. Unfortunately, the only way I could grab it securely would be to remove my eyes from the furry beasts on my beDr.oom's wooden floors for a moment.
But I had no choice. I shuffled towards the beacon of light that was the dim glow of my charging phone, and their eyes seemed to follow me even as their bodies didn't. I moved slowly, keeping my eyes on them at every moment, reminding myself to calm, to steady as I moved. My arm extended, but my desperate hand found no solid, and I whimpered, oh God I whimpered. 
I had to look, and to look I’d have to look away.
My friends, as you may very well know, it's the nature of man’s reptile brain to overwhelm all rationality in the flight or fight autonomic response of the sympathetic brain, and this subconscious tick has kept alive humanity in dangerous situations for millennia. But the forces of nightmares have grown stronger through countless ages, and it's the reptile brain that succumbs man to the unspeakable horrors of horror’s wrath. And, although I kept my eyes on the manifestations of my curse and I turned my head as far as I could without shifting my gaze from my foes, I soon found myself with no choice but to look away, and I turned my eyes from the floor to my phone and lunged. 
But as I did so they erupted, a growl—I kid you not they growled and wailed as unholy hell hounds from deep pits in blankets of infernal fire do each and every boundless night. And as my reptile brain has done successfully for generations—it overwhelmed conscious thoughts and actions.
So I jumped. My hand swung to defend myself, and in doing so I knocked my phone from its post and onto the floor, right beside a fluffy, Satan-eyed puppy. 
Slowly, I returned my dejected, broken gaze to the demonic four-inch tall army on my floor. I cried, “By all that is holy, what do you want from me?”
But they gave neither sound nor indication that my words bore any effect. I scuttled back to my post in the corner of the bed and raised my pillow to my chest as a last defense against the forces of darkness.
And here I sit, wave after wave of sandman's sand pouring on tired eyes, hour after hour passing in years, and every loss of focus and Dr.oop of eyelids results in that horrific chirping and robotic hopping that approaches ever closer. My only hope is the rising sun, but the moon hasn't moved in hours, the night seems overwhelming, and soon I'll be shrouded in darkness—be it directly from the depths of hell, or hell's ambassadors finally chirping to what will surely be a corpse or worse by the time they reach. I know not how this will end. I can only wait, locked in a staring contest with an adorable darkness.
BONUS: Prologue and Part 1 of The Harbinger Break

Prologue: Such Deliberate Disguises

On a cosmic scale, Doctor Simon Fischer knew it wasn't too important that he struggled to lock his office door–but he just wanted to feel secure, regardless of how false and almost laughable that feeling was in this period of human existence.
His keys rattled as he tried again. The lock was old and rusted, and would fight against being turned–a desperate battle that often left Fischer with aching fingers. He'd talk to Rachel in the morning–he's told her for weeks now to get it fixed.
The lock finally submitted, and as he turned from the door he heard leaves rustle, and the hairs on the back of his neck stood rigid. It was a windless night.
The last patient that evening had been Patches Shane, who irked Fischer like a painting with scattered lines and arbitrary colors hinting at a meaning beyond face value–a meaning incomprehensible, yet haunting. Patches–or Pat as he preferred–was tall, thin, well built, and had a handsome face which was marred by shadows lining his pale, scared, compassionate eyes.
Fischer couldn't pinpoint exactly why he sat further from Pat than he did his other patients, or why his hand trembled when they shook, or why he failed to return a smile when Pat cordially greeted him four times a week, always on time. Maybe he was just paranoid–but he didn't think so.
Fischer was a renowned psychiatrist–if asked, he would rank himself top five in the state. And the Federal Bureau of Eugenics, a division of the FBI that regulated the human gene pool, certainly thought so, considering how much they were paying him to take on Pat Shane as a patient. 
But the sessions with Pat went nowhere. Pat would sit on Fischer's black leather sofa just to tell story after meaningless story built out of cracked glass and wet tape.
"So how are you today, Pat?" Fischer would begin.
"Good, Doctor. And yourself?”
"Fine, fine. Everything's fine,” Fischer said. He always lied when asked. 
He pushed back his chair and crossed his legs before continuing, speaking only once he felt secure. 
"So tell me, Pat. Have you been able to relax?"
Pat would smile, but Fischer routinely noted that he only did so with his mouth–his eyes remained pale and expressionless. 
"More so than I've been in years," he would say slowly. "Thanks entirely to you and the Bureau.”
Fischer always took note of Pat’s responses for his files, which he sent copies of to the Bureau every week. Although this case was complex, his job was simple: confirm Pat’s mentality as stable before green-lighting his highly sought-after genes. 
Pat had been Fischer's patient for about a year, and in that time he’d maintained a normal lifestyle. Or so it seemed. Fischer knew he was hiding something. But what?
Fischer wasn't quite yet sure, but during today’s session a new door opened in the mystery–interesting because the session went, for lack of a better term, poorly.
About halfway into their session, Pat had an episode, something the FBE had warned Fischer about but something he'd yet to see. 
It began out of nowhere. Pat had been paralyzing Fischer with a detailed, yet fabricated retelling of a fishing trip, when he stopped speaking and his eyes widened. Fischer began scribbling on his notepad. He watched Pat’s hands twitch, eyes dart, and his already pale complexion become translucent.
Then Pat stood, and Fischer fingered the FBE issued panic button in his pocket as he withDr.ew a sedative from his Dr.awer.
“Relax, Pat,” Fischer said. No response.
Pat, trancelike, made for the door–keeping his wide, haunted eyes locked upon the doctor. 
Fischer had no choice. Reluctantly, he activated the panic button and jabbed the syringe into Pat’s forearm. 
He eased Pat back down onto the couch, veins bulging on his forehead from the effort. Sessions had been going so smoothly, he thought as Pat collapsed. Well, at least relatively speaking.
After leopard print hives and apparent anaphylactic shock, Pat lost consciousness, but as he did so he mumbled nonsense. 
“You betrayed us," he said. Then, “You're one of them."
"You betrayed us," and “You're one of them.” Just when Fischer’s doubts concerning Pat's stability had begun to subside. He’d been mere days away from signing off on Pat’s genes, and with enough evidence to do so ethically. He’d almost been free of that feeling in his gut... and the source of his nightmares.
It just so happened that in his profession there were times that instinct proved itself correct against contradicting evidence. Pride and feelings of satisfaction enveloped, warmth flowed, and mental champagne poured–he was good at his life's work, his life had meaning–go celebrate. Fischer had a great relationship with his instinct, and relished moments when it steered him through the fog. It felt good, being correct– 
This, however, was not one of those times.
The leaves rustled again, and Fischer returned to the present. He sighed and rubbed his hands together. His fingers were still sore from that damn lock. He grabbed the lapel of his overcoat and turned from the door, casting his gaze across the dark and foreboding parking lot. The light of a single streetlamp overhead cast a circular glow on the ground, its yellow beam visible in the night's mist. Directly in the glow's center was his new red 2017 Mercedes Benz, the only car left in that rundown, cold, and otherwise empty strip mall. 
He parked beneath that single streetlamp intentionally. Every action was a meager attempt at security–that was all he had. From his perpetual days spent behind the multiple doors of his office, subconsciously crossing his legs, tracing the same cold walls by now laced with a cold memory of his youth, he'd resigned to obstinate selflessness, hazardous enough as it was. At least he had his locks indoors.
The night was different. Every night he crossed the dark parking lot that felt less like a gateway home and more like a hiatus between recurrent nightmares, praying that his career choice and solitude wouldn't lead to an untimely death. 
He felt a painful grinding in his head and assumed the worst.
Opening the Dr.iver's side door, Fischer tossed his large leather-bound daytimer to the backseat and as he did so he quickly scanned for anything malicious, but found his beige leather seats void of evil.
He sat down and shut the door, shivering off the idea of an attacker prowling, shaking bushes, and watching him like a jungle cat. He hit the lock button and the knobs of all four doors fell like tiny prison cell bolts. A familiar sense of security enveloped. False security, of course. It wasn't like the windows were impenetrable, but for eighty thousand dollars they sure as hell felt like they were.
He sat for a minute and rubbed his temples, waiting for the headache to subside. After a moment it did–as quickly as it had come on. 
He twisted his key in the ignition and the car rumbled to life. The oddly calming "Welcome to the Jungle" destroyed the cold silence like wildfire. Fischer took one last look at his office and pulled away from the parking lot.
He Dr.ove home, heading as always towards the I-95 Skyway, trying not to think about the day's events. Trying not to think about Pat Shane. He told himself that you just can't win them all, and assured his brain that the matter was settled, and he'd hear no more of it. But his brain was persistent.
What exactly was bothering him? He'd had patients freak on him before–although those patients were never remotely as intelligent, nor as seemingly capable of evil as Pat Shane. It was rare that Fischer had a patient whom he considered as sharp as himself. Not only was Pat as smart, he was decidedly smarter. 
"You betrayed us."
Chills became spiders on his arms at the thought, and he resorted to calming himself with thoughts of the scotch on his mantle, and relaxing with a glass or two to take the edge off. Maybe a third and a fourth glass to wash down the previous two. It had been one of those days. 
Engaging magnetically to the metal lift, the Mercedes was yanked airborne as if a prize in a claw crane. Fischer loved the view from the Skyway, which was like a long metal ski lift for cars about thirty feet above I-95. Despite this new and exciting method of transportation, however, many people still preferred antiquity. Fischer enjoyed watching the cars below as he passed them by, but he understood their Dr.ivers’ reluctance. He knew from experience that not everyone adjusted well to new technology–a good reason why his profession was so lucrative.
That, and of course, the aliens.
After a ten minute gondola-esque ride, his car disengaged from the Skyway. Paying the dollar-fifty toll, he turned left and continued the short Dr.ive, checking his rear view mirror every few seconds. As far as he could tell, he wasn't being followed. So what was the nagging feeling that kept at his subconscious?
Following the bend of the road, he sighed with relief as he pulled up to his neighborhood. 
Winter Oaks was a gated development, and a damn nice one at that. Filled with million dollar two-story mansions, customized mailboxes, gym, golf course, tennis courts, pools, Jacuzzis, and a guard posted at the gated entrance through all hours of the day and night–only the richest, most elite members of society could afford its offered luxury. 
Harry Samuels was on duty tonight. He was Fischer's least favorite guard. Samuels had a habit of reclining in his chair, resting his feet on the desk, and snoring audibly until a car pulled up, sometimes sleeping through a few honks. Which was what Fischer had to do now.
"S-sorry 'bout that Doctor."
Frustrated as he was, Fischer wasn't going to berate the man. At this point he just wanted to get back home to his chair and his scotch.
"How's the night going, Samuels?" Fischer asked.
"Good sir, very pleasant."
“If you don’t mind me asking–have you noticed anything suspicious around tonight?"
Samuels laughed, but stopped when he realized Fischer wasn't joking. "No sir, nothing suspicious."
Fischer nodded as Samuels opened the gate. He Dr.ove through his neighborhood, practically speeding in anticipation of the calming release hidden within that amber tonic. Unlocking his front door, he sighed with relief that not only was it still locked, but it also showed no signs of foreign tampering. That settled it–he hadn’t been followed. He was finally secure.
He stepped inside, took off his coat, and locked the door behind him. His entrance hallway had red carpet, mirrors on both sides that trapped you within infinity as you stood between them, and white walls with studio lights. He lived on his own–no pets, no family. He kept his home spotless. A housekeeper came three times a week, but despite her large hourly wage he cleaned after himself and did most of her work for her.
Inside the freezer portion of his stainless steel fridge he had countless frozen meals. He would pick up dinner on his way home when he was in the mood–which meant he microwaved frozen meals often.

◊◊◊

In the sky, high above Winter Oaks and even higher, above Jacksonville, above Florida, through silver clouds and above the United States, above North America, into the atmosphere and higher still until the cold Northern Hemisphere emanated like a glowing television in a dark empty room–a galactic silence was broken. A satellite ticked and beeped, and a photograph of an alien civilization about 2,100 light-seconds from Earth downloaded line after line into a 100 by 100 yard cement room with a hedge-maze of stacked processors. This photograph, with a resolution that would've been mediocre for thirty-year-old technology, revealed rectangles. Laced sporadically between these rectangles were dots. A less advanced species than humanity might've thought these dots aliens–but those employed by NASA were certain that those dots were not aliens, but their automobile equivalent.

◊◊◊

Finally in his parlor, sipping his scotch, relaxing on his velour armchair by the mantle, Fischer had forgotten until the beeping of his microwave that he'd been zapping food. He placed his glass on the coffee table beside the armchair and walked into the kitchen. The red carpet ended abruptly at the tile separating the two rooms. Between these rooms stood a four-foot marble counter. Left of the counter was a microwave above a stovetop, and past that was his stainless steel refrigerator. 
As he walked he looked at the front door and grinned, relieved to see it still shut and locked. 
"You betrayed us," his brain repeated much like a time bomb. It was an itch he couldn't scratch. He tried shutting it down, but it was somewhere deep, prickling his subconscious. Something didn't feel right. It was like a wisp from far off–a crack in the hull of his security.
Forgetting his food in the microwave, he left the kitchen and walked past the parlor, up the staircase, and into his beDr.oom. He flew straight for his nightstand and pulled opened the Dr.awer.
His eyes widened. His lips moved. “No,” he whispered.
His gun was missing. He always kept his gun right by his bedside in his nightstand Dr.awer, and it wasn't there. He couldn't believe it, and scrambled through the Dr.awer as if a large pistol could somehow hide beneath a few sheets of paper and a book. Beads of sweat gathered on his brow as he scrambled, and chills ran down his spine as he succumbed to the truth. Someone took his pistol–he wasn't alone–his instincts were right yet again.
 He wanted to call the police. He wanted to curl up into a ball and cry. He was both the bear and its cub–he was angry and scared, then furious.
"Is anyone there?" he whispered. 
No response.
"Is anyone there?" he shouted.
"I'm downstairs, Fischer."
His heart froze.
He could recognize that deep and grating voice anywhere–like the hum of a revving engine. But the inflection it now carried he'd never heard–only imagined and feared. It was the voice of Patches Shane.
Fischer withDr.ew his cellphone from his pocket, but the moment he did so Shane spoke.
"I wouldn't call the cops if I were you, Fischer. I have nothing to lose, if they show up here I will shoot you–I have your gun."
So his instinct was right yet again. No feeling of shock enveloped him–only that of inevitability concluded. Fischer felt the weight of the phone in his hand grow infinitely heavier, and stared at the holographic dial pad like a trained dog at trash. Pat Shane was a man who had nothing, who desired nothing, with a tortured past and a bleak future. "Nothing to lose?” Yeah, he could buy that. 
Returning the phone to his pocket, Fischer took a few deep breaths. He was a psychiatrist, and arguably the best in the state. One less intelligent might need the cops, he thought–but he, the FBE's first choice, could talk his way out of this.
He descended the staircase, and Dante’s Inferno flashed in his mind as he entered the parlor. Shane stood, relaxed and curious, by the microwave, food in hand, evidently enjoying himself. Fischer noted that Shane went so far as to have a glass of his scotch. 
Shane looked different. He towered over Fischer as usual, but his gaunt cheekbones seemed darker, his long hair unkempt and ragged, and his pale eyes Dr.agged with the dark circles beneath them. He’d morphed from the Empire State Building into the Buffalo City Court Building–a domineering concrete monolith that had once frightened a much younger Fischer. 
But it had been only five hours since Shane’s decompensation, since the FBE had come and taken him. How had he come here? How did he find Fischer's house? 
Fischer eyed his gun on the countertop, which Shane kept in plain sight, right by his glass.
Shane reached towards the gun, and Fischer froze, but he grabbed the scotch instead and held it up.
"A toast, Fischer,” he said almost listlessly. “To you working for me now."
The doctor stood frozen, his brain ticking a mile a minute. He didn't understand. 
Shane shook his head with a grin and sighed. "Have you never done a toast before, Fischer? Go ahead, get your glass."
He spoke condescendingly, and Fischer didn't move. 
"What are you doing here Pat?" he said. “You can’t be here. What do you want?"
Shane slammed his glass down onto the counter top, his smile gone. The impact startled Fischer, who jumped. Shane glanced down, as if deep in thought, and when his gaze returned he looked strangely compassionate. His hand was cut and bleeding from the shattered glass.
“I’d get my glass if I were you, doctor,” Shane said.
Fischer complied. He walked to the coffee table and grabbed his glass, the situation already out of his control. The microwave beeped, and he twitched at the unexpected sound. He turned to see Shane taking out a second frozen dinner.
"I replaced your dinner, so no harm done. Let's sit and chat."
He walked from the kitchen and past Fischer, who watched him with bloodshot eyes, and sat in the other sofa. He motioned for Fischer to sit, and handed him the second frozen dinner. 
Fischer followed Shane’s commands wordlessly, his brain clicking and spinning like a film reel, rolling memories of doctorate classes, searching for anything he'd learned on the subject of life and death, but his projector's lamp was off.
"Why are you in my house, Pat? Why do you have my gun?"
Interrupting, Shane raised his glass. “To the truth,” he said.
Fischer raised his and Dr.ank, keeping his eyes locked on Shane.
Shane placed his Dr.ink aside and took the gun from his pocket, placing it on his lap.
“So my question,” Fischer said. “Why are you–"?
“I heard you the first time,” Shane said.
“You never answered.”
Shane leaned forward. “Did you know that millions of years ago, the snail’s shell, as opposed to the mollusk inside, was the actual living organism? No? The snail we see today, the gastropod, was a parasite that buried itself inside the hard exoskeleton of the original round creature. Over time, the parasite’s DNA changed until it adapted what it needed to survive–the shell–and in the process killed off the entire host species.”
Fischer shook his head. “I don’t see what that has to do with anything.”
“Which is why, Fischer, you and I are going to work together.”
“Then why do you have my gun?”
“And why am I here, right?”
“Yes.”
"To answer both your questions: to kill you. But no no no, Fischer no, take a deep breath. You didn't let me finish. To kill you, but only if I must."
Fischer took a deep breath, holding his head in his hands. He spoke, staring at his lap.
"What do you want, Pat?"
"There you go! First, I want my chart. Second, I want you to admit who you really are."
Fischer glanced up, Shane was staring back at him, waiting, with a slight grin on his face like a wolf that'd broken the leg of an elk, saliva Dr.ipping from hungry fangs.
"Your chart is at the office. And I'm sorry, Pat, but I have no idea what you mean. I'm Doctor Simon Fischer. I'm a psychiatrist. I enjoy helping people, people like you Pat, but also people like me."
"Good. Keep going. Tell me what you really are, Fischer. Remember that I've seen your true face."
"I live alone. My work is my life. I've never been married. I've been paid by the FBE three separate times to impregnate three different women. Aside from that, my life is a plateau."
"Is that all?"
"Yes."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes… yes I'm sure."
Shane stood and turned away from Fischer, with his scotch in his left hand and the pistol in his right. He took a sip and scratched the back of his head with the gun. Fischer stared at him, wondering if what he said worked, if he broke through.
Fischer cleared his throat. “Are we–”?
"Do you think I'm stupid, Doctor?" Shane said, turning around, pointing the gun at Fischer, who instinctively raised his hands.
"No! No! You're incredibly intelligent! Of course I know that, I've read your files."
“Okay.” Shane lowered the weapon. "So let me tell you the facts, and feel free to correct me where I'm wrong:
"In 1979, the Voyager 1 photographed evidence of intelligent life on Europa. Europa is one of Jupiter's moons. Do you know where I'm going with this?"
Fischer stared, dumbstruck. "What? Where you're– Pat, believe me when I say that I have no idea why you're bringing up history from almost forty years ago!"
"Okay!" Shane said, voice rising, "I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you are incredibly stupid. That's fine. In 1980, former President Morgan Scott beat out incumbent Jimmy Carter and former governor Ronald Reagan as President of the United States, becoming President in 1981. As an extreme Radicalist, Scott's campaign involved heavy criticism of global technological advancement, and he preached that, should the aliens–whom NASA discovered are not native to Europa, but settlers–decide to attack us, we'd be hopelessly out-matched. That is an undeniable fact, and something that you, of all people, would agree upon."
"Why me of all people? Honest to God I have no idea what you're getting at, Pat."
Shane laughed. He raised the gun at Fischer again and cocked back the hammer. 
"How fucking stupid do you think we Earthlings are?"
"What are you–what?" Fischer raised his hands again, and he pushed so far back in his armchair that its two foremost legs were raised off the ground. "What are you talking about? What are you saying?"
"You expect me to believe that in almost forty years, you Europans have been just sitting on your moon, ignoring us? Thirty-eight years with no attempt whatsoever at making contact? A society so advanced, yet apparently not interested in even finding out whether or not a planet within walking distance is dangerous? I don't buy it Fischer, or whatever your real name is. And if you don't start revealing your plans right now, I will unload this gun into your skull to see if you aliens even can die. It's not what I came here to learn, but it's sure as hell better than nothing."
"I'm not an alien, Pat! I'm not an alien!"
Fischer fell backwards in his chair as Shane approached, gun Dr.awn, murder dancing in his wild eyes.
"I saw what you really are, Fischer."
"That wasn't real, Pat! I swear on anything and everything that wasn't real!"
"You injected me–"
"–I sedated you! You were having an episode!"
Shane laughed, then smashed Fischer's Dr.ink off the coffee table.
"An episode… Why did these episodes only begin after I escaped? After I stopped eating regulated food?"
"I don't know! I swear I don't know, they never told me what goes on at GenDec! Nobody knows what goes on there!"
On the floor, Fischer moaned as Shane took a deep breath and calmed down slightly. "Okay. Alright, Doctor."
He walked to where Fischer's glass landed on the floor, picked it up, and walked over to the mantle. Fischer wiped the tears from his eyes and considered running while Shane had his back turned, but decided against it. He'd never make it to the front door, a door which he now regretted locking. Shane handed him the refilled glass.
"Dr.ink."
Fischer sat up and took a sip. Then another, and then finished the glass. He exhaled. 
Shane sat back down. Silence filled the room, and Fischer heard the pounding of his heart and the swelling of his veins. His breath was so thick that it seemed to mist, as if his brain was certain that the room would run out of oxygen. 
A minute might have passed, but it felt like hours.
Finally, Fischer couldn't stand it anymore, he had to say something. He stood slowly, fixed his chair, and sat down.
"Tell me what you saw, Pat.”
Shane grinned. "Are you going to charge me the normal rate?"
Fischer laughed, maybe a little too hard. He didn't know how he did it, but right then it felt like he dodged a bullet. He felt like he answered correctly, like he won.
"For you? Only half. Tell me what you saw."
"I saw the skin of your face shift and disorient. I heard sounds coming from your mouth, and although I understood the meaning behind them, I couldn't make out the words. I saw you approach me, and trap me, and inject me with a pale green liquid. And then, when I awoke, everything was back to normal."
Fischer nodded and crossed his legs. He stroked his chin, attempting to look calm, to look like they were back in a professional setting, not in his house, and not with a gun.
"You're a smart man, Pat. Smarter, even, than I am. Humor me for a moment… if what you saw was just in your mind, and those visions weren't real, what's something else that could have caused you to hallucinate like that?"
Shane took a sip of scotch from his cracked glass. He closed his eyes.
"It's possible that GenDec was Dr.ugging me, and my withDr.awal led me to develop a sickness not unlike Delirium Tremens."
"That seems reasonable to me, Pat. So, consider this for a moment: I obviously can't prove to you that I'm not an alien, try as I might. But you're a reasonable man, and I know you love this country and what it advocates. So–and not to sound condescending–but remember 'innocent until proven guilty'? Couldn't you give me the benefit of the doubt, at least until you've found more evidence that suggests otherwise?"
Shane grabbed his empty glass and laughed quietly to himself. “Not bad, doctor,” he said, standing. “You know I invented everything I said about snails earlier, right?"
Fischer stared at Shane, struck dumb, watching him walk over to the mantle to refill his glass. 
“I suppose I could give you the benefit of the doubt,” Shane continued.
Fischer grinned. Then he burst out laughing. He leaned back in the armchair, feeling good, confidence rebounding, thinking of the snails, thinking that this was the reason they pay him the big bucks. Yeah, that 'benefit of the doubt' line wasn't too shabby…
He was still laughing when a giant hand suddenly covered his mouth and lifted his chin–stifling first his laughter, then his screaming.
"I could," Shane said. "But I can't take that chance."
And the last thing Fischer ever felt was the cold steel of a razor as Shane split open his throat.

Part I: By the Sins of the Father

Chapter 1

When the police arrived, they found Patches Shane relaxed, sitting in the armchair a foot away from Dr.. Fischer's corpse, and calmly polishing off a glass of scotch. He turned as they kicked open the front door, and greeted them as they lunged and pinned him to the red carpet floor, blending with Dr.. Fischer's blood.
They read him his rights and led him to the back of a cruiser. There were four units, each with their lights on and pulsating, and Pat felt himself disorienting again. He watched, nausea building, as the lights stood still and the world spun around him, trapping him in a maelstrom of blue and red. 
Shouldn't have eaten that microwavable meal–he knew better. They got him again–or something got him–he was sure, something in the food, he felt it, like neon and black oil in his veins, slimy coating of grease easing towards his mind, thoughts slipping to the floor–he knew this feeling well, and it terrified him. 
His head began to swim, and his mind began slipping. Or crystalizing. What was it? The food?
He faced Fischer's house and squinted. Inside, for barely a moment, he saw a bright light flash–there was no mistaking it. It engulfed and then dimmed, lasting no more than a second.
He turned to tell the officer holding him, but as he did the officer's face began melting and distorting. The other cops, staring at him with cocked heads and crooked smiles, remained normal, yes, the evidence pointed towards clarity. 
Pat turned to the officer with the melting face, leaned in close, tilting (or maybe that was the ground), and breathed heavily on the officer's ear.
"I knew what he was, cop, and I know what you are too."
The police officer locked eyes with Patches, frowning. He patted his belt for something, found it, and returned a menacing grin. He held in his hand a syringe, the same Dr.. Fischer had, and he glared at Pat as he shifted his radio.
"Suspect is receding," the cop said. "Episode as doctor described seems imminent."
 The radio buzzed back. "Copy. You are authorized to use means necessary to subdue suspect safely."
"10-4," the cop said, and holstered his radio. He flicked the top of the syringe, squirted some of the neon green liquid from the top, and injected.
Pat didn't resist. He knew now wasn't the time. He didn't have to. And he wasn't crazy.
"It doesn't matter," Pat said, losing consciousness, the world fading. "I know your face."

◊◊◊

Special Agent Chris Summers of the Federal Bureau of Eugenics walked into the Jacksonville Police Station and was met with a few cheers. The appearance of the Federal Bureau of Eugenics at police stations never bode well for the criminals there, and officers seemed to feel a sense of satisfaction that their cases warranted an FBE investigation. If the FBE was called in, that meant they had subdued a truly heinous criminal.
"Tell me you're here for Roberto Wallace," said an officer at the front desk. "The bastard murdered his wife and kids!"
Agent Summers shook his head. "No, not today."
"Who are you here for?"
He glanced at his pager. "Shane, Patches. Where can I find Detective Jones?"
The officer wiped mustard from his chin and pointed.
"In the back, on the left wall. If you pass the water cooler you've gone too far."
"Alright, thanks."
Summers turned and walked down the hall of the station. He wore a black jacket, black pants, and a white button-down with a loose black tie. Despite being in his early thirties, he had a chiseled-by-time appearance–a past holier-than-thou confidence worn, stripped and everything but forgotten. A look that implied restlessness–tired mornings spent longing to fall back asleep, forcing himself out of bed–he was tired, he'd say when asked, just tired. And he was asked often.
A criminal restrained in handcuffs glanced at Summers, and then double-took when he saw Summers’ badge. His eyes bulged, as if trying to eject from the body carrying them.
"Oh fuck man, fuck! I didn't do nothin'! It wasn't me oh fuck why'd you call them I didn't do nothin' man I swear!"
One of his police escorts shoved him from behind. "Shut up."
The criminal burst into tears, an all too common reaction to an FBE presence. The officer grinned at Summers, who locked eyes with him and nodded, but didn't grin back. He rarely grinned since his promotion.
He turned the corner and approached a thick, bald detective on the phone at his desk. As Summers pulled up a chair, the detective told the other end that he had to go, and hung up.
"The FBE, huh… What can I do you for Agent?"
"Detective Jones?
"Yep."
"I'm here about Patches Shane."
"Can't say I'm surprised."
"It's not what you think," Summers said. "Shane's been a tricky case. His IQ is off the charts, so the bureau isn't going to green light anything until we can confirm his mentality."
"He slit the throat of his psychiatrist. Criminals have been… ugh–do I have to say it?–been castrated for far less." He shook his head. "God I hate saying that. Makes me feel ill."
"We're not ready to pull the plug on his genes just yet, I'm afraid. I'm here to evaluate him. What can you tell me?"
"Aside from the fact that he killed the doctor downstairs, then carried the body upstairs?"
Summers raised an eyebrow. "In the case report, your officers wrote they found the corpse downstairs, next to Shane."
"They were wrong. And that's not even the oddest part about this whole fiasco."
"What is?"
The detective rustled through his notes and pulled out a file. "He's been talking in his sleep,"

After a four-hour Dr.ive, Agent Summers walked up to a salmon bungalow in a small neighborhood. The door was white, and beside it was a tall window, stretching from top of the door to the floor, where a white Maltese stood and stared out at him. 
Summers knocked twice. After a moment, a man came around, picked up the dog and opened the door. 
Summers appraised him. He was large, average height, dark tan, slightly balding, with hairless arms and slightly red cheeks that made him look jolly but was likely a result of his rosacea.
The man looked Summers up and down quickly. Summers, being over six feet, had the man by a few inches. 
From what he'd heard, Patches Shane was even taller than he was–a height advantage that didn't bode well for anyone.
"What can I do you for–uh…" the man glanced at Summers’ badge. "Oh no."
"Mr.. Higgins, it's not what you think–"
"Oh thank God."
"Can I come in?"
"So wait, is it the other…?"
"No. If you'll just let me explain…"
Sam Higgins he stepped aside and allowed the agent past. "Sorry. Yeah, come in."
Summers entered the home. Christmas ornaments were scattered on every conceivable location, and it was well past the holiday. It had the dust and slight thick mold smell of a nursing facility. Sam led the agent to his kitchen table, and offered him orange juice, which he declined.
"I'm here to talk about Pat Shane," Summers said.
"Pat Shane? You mean, from…" Sam paused and scratched his head. "Um–"
"–I know about your past, Mr.. Higgins."
"O-okay."
"You were a great win for the supporters of the Genetic Decontamination Centre."
Sam paused and looked down at his lap. "Then you don't know that much about my past."
Summers took out a notebook and didn't ask.
"I'm here concerning Pat Shane, Mr.. Higgins, and that's all."
Sam nodded. "Okay. W-what do you want to know?"
"What's your relationship with Mr.. Shane?"
"My relationship?"
"Yes."
"You mean what was my relationship?"
"Sure," Summers said.
"Well, I mean… well," Sam scratched his head. "I guess back at GenDec, long before he tried to escape and was killed, I would have considered him my friend. That was before he stepped in, well… my urine." Sam blushed and refused to make eye contact.
Summers coughed on a laugh. "Come again?"
"I-I was young, and nervous, and prone to wetting myself. And one day during lunch, I–you know, and it got on the floor and on our feet. I was already shy and teased a lot, but Pat kept to himself, and because of that he was teased for stepping in it."
Summers shook his head. It was a Saturday. His contemporaries were likely waking up, mowing their lawn, cooking breakfast for their kids, reading the paper. He was having a conversation about urine. 
He closed his eyes and took a breath before continuing. "Was that the extent of your relationship with Shane?"
"For the most part."
"Is there anything else? Anything that might help us understand his psyche?"
"Well… that's trickier," Sam said, scratching his head. He made for his cheeks but stopped himself. "I've thought about this before actually. A few weeks after that incident–I would say we were around eleven at the time–he talked to Claire Waltz."
Summers scribbled into his notepad. "Claire Waltz?"
Sam nodded, looking down at his shoes. "By far the, y-you know, prettiest girl at GenDec. I mean, it's nothing to me."
"Alright."
"He approached her. I was nearby. I was watching, but I didn't really care, you know? I mean, I-I already had a girlfriend at the time."
Summers glanced up. "Is any of this relevant?"
Sam shuffled. "Sorry. Yeah. Sorry. S-so he introduced himself. But to the back of her head–she didn't even turn around. She was talking to her friends. So he tapped her on the shoulder. Her left shoulder, but then he went to sit down to her right. She turned to find nobody behind her. I remember hearing a few boys snicker, I think they were Bloodsuckers–"
"Bloodsuckers?"
"The gang of kids who only wore red jumpsuits."
"Okay."
"So Pat introduced himself again. She told him to go away, and I remember he asked her why. I mean, Pat wasn't a bad looking kid or anything–if it's not weird to say that. I–I don't know. She was just being mean, is what I'm getting at. She told him she thought he was weird. He offered her his chocolate cake, to let him sit and talk with her. And well, this is when things got ugly…" Sam paused Dr.amatically, hungering for the agent's attention. Summers tapped his pencil on his knee. After a moment, Sam continued. "She took his cake, and squished it into his mac and cheese–"
"Squished it?"
"Like, yeah. Got him to take a few bites of the mess too. By now, pretty much every table nearby was watching, and the other girls at Claire's table were screeching with laughter like h-harpies." Sam flushed with anger. Summers eyed him curiously. So far his GenDec graduate track record included only a killer and a socially repressed man-child. Not a great first impression. 
Then again, his opinion of GenDec had never been high.
"Sorry," Sam said.
"It's alright. So Shane took a few bites. Then what?"
"Well, I mean, he didn't care, he seemed happy enough that she acknowledged him. She, on the other hand, was just getting started."
Sam glanced from his hands to Summers, who locked eyes with him, personifying full-engagement. The longer they spoke, the more Summers could define Sam's strange behavior. It was the speed at which Sam spoke, how he paced and jumped, how he forced eye contact then shied from it. He wasn't repressed or socially anxious–he was simply neglected. He spoke and acted as if Summers might get bored and walk away at any moment. 
Summers took his mind off his own problems–off his terrible job, lack of a social life, and nostalgia for his long lost cool–and devoted his full attention to Sam, feeling as though just listening was more good than he'd done in a long time.
Appreciating the attention, Sam continued–this time with a renewed vigor.
"She took his orange juice and spilled it on the already messed up mac and cheese and chocolate cake, and convinced Pat to eat that. He took a few bites, and those who weren't laughing were re-um-rep–"
"Repulsed?"
"Yeah. I wanted to walk over, but Pat hadn't spoken a word to me since he stepped in my piss.
"Was he mean to you?"
"N-no! If anything, he was the opposite. He considered himself a good person, maybe the best person at GenDec. Like, the boys in gangs wore either blue, black, or red jumpsuits. Anyone not in gangs wore gray, or something bland, something to fit in and not be noticed.
"And Pat?"
"He wore bright yellow. He really wanted to be the best. Like, best grades in the classes, teachers’ favorite. He wasn't liked much by the gangs, but he was smart, and knew how to avoid trouble. Well I mean, that was before–well… I'll get there."
Summers nodded, and Sam continued.
"So Claire seemed to be getting a little frustrated by then. She wanted Pat not just to leave, but to leave defeated and embarrassed. So she spat in his food."
"She spat?"
"It was nasty. Like Dr.ipped from her lips. I was grossed out, and I'm telling you, I s-sincerely lost a lot of my attraction towards her."
"I thought you had a girlfriend."
Sam stopped. "Yeah, I mean, um–I don't know. Anyway, Pat–it was weird. He was committed. If he was grossed out he didn't let it show. So he picked up a fork full of the mess, and put it to his lips. Half the lunchroom was staring, shocked and disgusted. Claire looked guilty, and just before that stuff reached his mouth, she told him to stop. I'm telling you, groans and sighs erupted everywhere. Until then, I'm telling you, I hadn't realized that no one nearby had spoken a word.
"So Claire glanced around, embarrassed, and in a fit of what you might call decency, she gave Pat her sandwich. Then she stood up and left the lunchroom. The whole thing was really something else."
Summers scribbled in his notebook. "What happened after that?"
"Well, Pat followed her around a lot. He sat with her during lunch, and rarely spoke to me. She got him to start making poor decisions, which eventually led to his death. There is no doubt in my mind that if he hadn't met her, he would've been released with me–clean and clear."
Summers nodded and closed his notebook. "Thank you, Mr.. Higgins. You've been helpful."
"C-call me Sam."
Summers nodded, his thoughts elsewhere. Sam reddened.
"Why are you asking me all this anyway, agent?" Sam asked.
Summers looked absentmindedly at his watch. "We needed a clearer picture of who we're dealing with."
"Dealing with?"
Summers locked eyes with Sam. "Mr.. Higgins, Pat Shane is alive."
Sam sat still, apparently wondering if the agent was joking. Summers held a stern face, but Sam laughed anyway. After a moment passed and the agent hadn't joined in Sam stopped abruptly.
"Y-you're serious."
"Yes."
"O-okay… But I don't get it. Why'd you come talk to me, of all people? We weren't really that close–I mean, how did he even survive?"
Summers stood and Sam followed, walking to the front door.
"Mr.. Higgins, we have Pat Shane in custody right now, and he's going to plead guilty to murder in the first degree. You've been very helpful, but I should let you know, the reason I knew to come find you was that Pat Shane has been talking in his sleep, and from what we can decipher–you would have been his next target."

◊◊◊

A few days later Sam Higgins opened the front door of his house, exhausted from a long day at Quality Heart Insurance. He was an Insurance Claim Rep, and he spent his days behind a desk in the office taking phone calls regarding claims. 
He'd started at the company about six months after he'd left GenDec, after a quick weeklong insurance adjuster course. The job attracted men and women of a similar passive demeanor–asocial, quiet, happy to live the easy, non-complicated life, with an inherent disinclination for excitement. 
His routine kept him happy and comfortable. Arrive at seven-thirty five times a week, leave at six o'clock, pick up fast food on the way home, settle onto his couch and turn on the television. At first he relished weekends, but after six years, weekends just became an unwanted break in his routine–and if his manager ever decided to call him in, he wouldn't mind. 
Poochie scrambled up to him and rolled onto her back. Sam scooped her up and carried her over to the brown felt couch, sat down and turned on the television. Scanning the channels, he finally settled on an old rerun of The Twilight Zone. 
He chuckled to himself, as most did, wondering if Rod Sterling only knew how right he'd be. The episode, 'How to Serve Man' was particularly troubling in this day and age.
He thought it odd that he had to change the channel to get to this station–that instead, the television had been set to the news. He never watched anything but fiction, intentionally avoiding the news, as it only troubled him when he watched. 
With a growl of his stomach, the thought was replaced, and he went through his kitchen, first to the back patio door to let Poochie wander the backyard before returning to the kitchen to grab some snacks, regretting that he finished his fast food on the car ride home. 
But as he shut his patio door the phone rang. Probably a telemarketer, he thought, so he let it go to voicemail and opened his fridge.
Looking around for something to munch on, a wordless idea nagged at the back of his mind, and he soon noticed that his fridge's contents looked a little different. He had his diet coke, sure, leftover Chinese–likely rotten–eggs, bacon, pudding, milk–
–Wait. His orange juice was missing. He checked the trash, and sure enough found the empty carton. He didn't remember finishing it, but he wiped the thought from his mind and returned disappointed to the fridge, grabbing milk instead. 
The thought bothered him. As he poured himself a glass he tried to remember when he'd finished the carton, but couldn't. It wasn't that odd though, he couldn't expect to recall every time he'd finished something. No, he'd probably just forgotten.
His machine beeped, and someone began leaving him a message. It was Agent Summers, sounding anxious.
"Mr.. Higgins, if you're at home–stay put and lock your doors. Pat Shane escaped, we don't know how long ago. A cruiser is on its way now. Lock your doors, a cruiser is on its way."
Click. Sam lowered the glass from his lips. What was it Summers had said about Pat? He murdered someone? That he would've come for Sam next? 
His heart skipped a beat and the glass slipped from his sweating hands and shattered on the floor in an explosion of milk. He felt salt in his eyes, Dr.oplets on his cheeks, unsure whether he was sweating, crying, or both. 
How could this happen? He never did anything to anyone! Before the agent, the last conversation he'd had had been with his boss two weeks ago, and it was just a "good job, Higgins, keep it up." He never bothered anyone, never did anything, why on earth would somebody want him dead? He was nobody!
He ran to the front door. It was locked. He sighed, somewhat relieved. But then, like an instant replay, he remembered: when he'd let Poochie out the back door hadn't been locked! 
His stomach fell with his breath, hunger forgotten. He tasted silver in his tonsils, his mouth arid and Dr.y. Pat was in his house, with a weapon to kill him, right now, and Sam was too slow and too late–where were the police? Pat escaped? They let him escape? Sam moaned with fear and frustration.
Thinking fast, he dashed to the kitchen counter and grabbed the largest knife in the set. He spun around and slashed behind him, expecting Pat to pop out of nowhere.
"Pat?"
No response.
"Pat! You here?"
Nothing. Heat gathered in waves around him. The room seemed to pulse, or maybe that was an aneurism behind his eyes.
He broke into a sloppy sprint, opening the patio door and lumbering into his backyard. He didn't know what to do, but wait–he had to find Poochie–where was she? He glanced around. It was too dark to see anything aside from the reflection of the kitchen light in his pool.
"Poochie!" he whispered as loudly as possible. "Poochie, come!"
Where was she? Sam softly closed the door and lurked deeper into his back patio, creeping past his only lawn chair towards the pool. He reasoned that Pat was inside, and if he came downstairs the shut door would give him a head start.
Sam walked deeper, calling out.
"Poochie! Come here now!"
Deeper still into the darkness, he crouched low, calling out and glancing around. Leaves rustled–but it was just the wind. 
"Poochie!" he whispered again, to no discernible response.
He wanted to laugh, stand, even yell, "come and get me." Desperation engulfed him, blinded him, smothered his thoughts in molasses. Fucking Poochie, he thought, should've gotten a German Shepherd. He checked back towards the house, almost expecting to see Pat by the door–but saw nothing beside the kitchen light. He watched the light shimmer in his pool. 
Pat had to be here. But where?
Sam skulked through his yard. His brain floundered for any means of safety but found nothing. He wondered why he wasn't running around, screaming bloody murder.
He crept alongside the pool and looked at the bright blue of the light dancing in its depths, wondering if Poochie had somehow sunk to its floor. 
Suddenly, a silent train crashed into him, sending him flying. He soared past the edge and plunged into the warm water, where hands grappled and held him down. He fought, floundering and crashing, twisting and splashing, but he had no leverage. He was on his back, and try as he might to get his feet down, someone held his legs up out of the water, and an opposite hand held him under by his neck. He needed air–he was choking.
He thrashed and jolted, eyes blood red with tears from chlorine and panic. Water syphoned up his nose and burnt his tear ducts, and he saw the figure of a man standing above him. His mind turned to basic instinct, coherent thoughts left and were replaced by one: air. And he thrashed and kicked and clawed the arm restraining him, but to no avail, and felt his limbs burn and grow weak as he began to die, Dr.owned at the shallow end of his own pool. He couldn't fight, he couldn't breathe. He needed air. 
He felt his eyes roll back and his brain began shutting down. He twitched, his neck arched and mouth contorted to a soundless scream, and he cried out with his final breath, but as he did a hand snaked into his mouth, salty fingers crawled past his uvula, and nails scraped his tonsils, Dr.awing blood. The hand pressed on his tongue, and then squeezed it down towards his jaw. Water flushed past his throat and into his stomach like a vacuum. Pain erupted and lit his heart on fire, it felt like the water was acid, melting him apart from the inside. He puked, gagged, swallowed his puke, then began absorbing his pool like a funnel. Water filled his stomach, bile coated his lungs, his limbs faltered, and the world turned black. He twitched one last time and was still.

He saw Claire Waltz kissing him, and decided that heaven wasn't too bad. She wore a white Dr.ess, her blonde hair Dr.aped over her shoulders, and a bright light engulfed her from behind. She blinked and smiled. He smiled back. She lowered her head down towards him and–
He awoke in a fit–coughing, vomiting and coughing again. His ribs felt broken, everywhere hurt. His chest was on fire, and he coughed.
"Cough. Breathe," she said with a man's voice.
Regardless, he coughed, choked, and breathed. He vomited more water, and coughed again.
"Breathe."
He breathed. He tried opening his eyes, but saw only the blurry outline of a person.
"Fucking breathe, Sam."
His brain screamed, "I'm trying! It's not that easy!"
His vision began to clear, the person over him began to take a shape. A shape he recognized immediately.
"Pat?"
"Yes."
"But–w-what?" He coughed, and struggled weakly. Where'd Claire go?
"Easy, easy. I'm not trying to kill you. Not anymore, anyway. Sorry about that."
Sam coughed, eyes wide.
"Easy Sam, easy. I made a mistake. But I need your help, and this is neither the time nor the place. We're all in terrible danger. We have to get out of here, now. Can you stand?"
Sam coughed and blinked, he felt like death. "What?"
Pat sighed. "They're coming for your balls, man!"
Sam sat up. Those were the magic words. "M-my balls!? Why?"
"I don't know, man. If they don't want to breed you, they sterilize you I guess."
Sam scrambled, and with help from Pat he stood–his would-be murderer supporting his weight. He led Sam inside as the hum of distant sirens grew louder by the second.
"Get your keys, I'll Dr.ive," Pat said, opening the back porch door.

Slamming the gas, Pat sent the car careening in reverse, and Sam's head flew forward and his ribs screamed in pain. The tires smoldered and screeched as Pat shifted the Honda Civic to Dr.ive and smashed the gas once more, careening from the neighborhood. The sirens were wailing now and Sam was certain that they'd be caught at any moment. Suddenly, Pat turned into an empty Dr.iveway.
"Duck!" he yelled, turning off lights and the car, then shoving Sam's head down. A cruiser screamed by. Peeking out the window, Pat waited until the cop turned the corner before sparking the engine and pulling out, this time Dr.iving much slower.
They left the neighborhood and entered a busy street. Sam suddenly realized how uncomfortably cold he was. His chest felt crushed underneath an elephant, his lungs were on fire, his shirt and pants were Dr.enched with pool water and God knows what else, and he shivered from the freezing air conditioning. Then he remembered that a couple minutes ago, Pat tried to kill him. Pat turned and noticed the frightened expression on his face.
"Don't worry, I'm not going to try to kill you again. I made a mistake, I'm really sorry."
"W-what the h-heck, man!"
"I thought you might've been an alien."
Sam's voice cracked as he spoke. "What? Wait, what? Why?"
"Remember when you pissed on me at GenDec?"
Sam sighed. "Y-yeah, I guess."
"Well, your piss was red then."
Sam blinked. "That's not normal? I mean, for a kid?"
"Absolutely not."
"O-okay." Sam shrugged. "I still don't get it. Assuming you're, excuse my language, insane… n-no offense, why didn't you just finish k-killing me?"
"You pissed on me again as I was Dr.owning you. It was yellow. I realized that aside from the red color, I had nothing else to go on. I'm grasping at straws, you have to understand, Sam. The safety of the world is at stake, and apparently I'm the only one who realizes that."
Sam turned to see if Pat was joking, but judging by the stern decorum of his face, he wasn't.
"What do you mean?"
Pat sighed. "It's heavy. You ready?"
"I guess."
"Okay. Bear with me and throw away whatever logic you think you have for a moment. I'm certain that the aliens are already here and have been so for quite some time, spying on us."
"What? Why?
"Think about it, Sam. Why not?"
"Um, well, evidence mostly."
Pat didn't respond for a while, apparently deep in thought. Sam shifted uncomfortably in his pants. He smelled faintly of urine.
"The concept of spying is ingrained in every predators brain, foreign to none," Pat said. "The lion lurks in the tall grass, spying on the antelope, who knows nothing of the lion. The sand shark buries itself, waiting to strike at an unsuspecting ocean dweller. As a species of higher intelligence, we constantly utilize spies and other resources to gather intel on foreign lands. What makes you think that these aliens are any different?"
Sam stuttered, barely following. "Well, I mean, I-I don't know."
Pat nodded. "Exactly. It's been almost forty years since we learned of their presence. Who knows for how long they've been on Europa? They are likely millennia more advanced than us, yet they haven't attempted any discernible means of contact. But they know of us, so why wouldn't they be spying on us? It's what I'd do. And it's what you'd do too."
"By disguising themselves as humans?"
"Millennia more technologically advanced, Sam. Maybe they've disguised themselves as trees, or dogs, but my gut suspects otherwise. It seems obvious to me that a spy would attempt to get as close to his target as possible, and mimicking a human seems like the best option."
"But why hunt them down? Why kill the humans you think are aliens?"
Stopping at a red light, Pat turned his heavy gaze to Sam. "Want to know why we don't eat lion? Because the first human to throw a spear at a lion had his head ripped off, and humans settled for easier prey. It might just take the death of one alien to make the rest of them back off."
Sam was getting nervous. Pat seemed to be making a lot of sense for a lunatic.
"But, I mean, I guess you have no idea what an alien hiding as a human would be like?"
"That's true. But I think aliens have infiltrated a chief political office of our government, and have been Dr.ugging our food. That's a hunch, and I might be wrong and maybe I am just going through withDr.awal, but it's all I've got right now. I've been asking myself: how many innocent deaths are worth the safety of the planet and the survival of man?"
Sam didn't want to know Pat's answer. He asked anyway. "S-so how many?"
"I'd say all but a thousand."
"'A thousand'?"
"People. More or less. The minimum to assure our species survives. Obviously I don't want to kill seven billion people. I want to save as many as I can. But there's no doubt in my mind that if we let the aliens in, they will take everything."
Sam didn't respond for a while. He was lost in thought, thinking about Pat's lecture. It made a lot of sense. He'd heard about a paranoid man, a co-worker's cousin, who thought he was dying. So one day he paid around a thousand dollars for an MR.I of his brain, despite his doctor's contradicting advice that it was unnecessary. And despite the apparent lack of objective evidence, a tumor was discovered, the cousin was operated on, and his life saved. That hunch, that monetary sacrifice saved his life. Human lives instead of money–but was it worth the sacrifice? 
Sam scratched his head, closed his eyes, and fell asleep for a few minutes. But something nagged at his subconscious, and as he rested he attempted to pinpoint it. Finally, concern erupted and Sam's eyes shot open. Pat had said something else earlier–something much more dire, and personal.
"They're coming for my balls?!" Sam shouted, his voice cracking.
"No. Well, maybe. I just said that to get you moving."

◊◊◊

An excerpt from Jimmy Carter's "Crisis" Speech - 1979:
"Good evening. This is a special night for me. Exactly three years ago, on July 15, 1976, I accepted the nomination of my party to run for president of the United States.
"I promised you a president who is not isolated from the people, who feels your pain, and who shares your Dr.eams and who Dr.aws his strength and his wisdom from you.
"During the past three years I've spoken to you on many occasions about national concerns, the energy crisis, reorganizing the government, our nation's economy, and issues of war and especially peace. But over those years the subjects of the speeches, the talks, and the press conferences have become increasingly narrow, focused more and more on what the isolated world of Washington thinks is important. Gradually, you've heard more and more about what the government thinks or what the government should be doing and less and less about our nation's hopes, our Dr.eams, and our vision of the future.
"Ten days ago I had planned to speak to you again about a very important subject–energy. For the fifth time I would have described the urgency of the problem and laid out a series of legislative recommendations to the Congress. But as I prepared to speak, a far greater threat arose that not only threatens our nation, but the planet itself. From NASA and through various media outlets, it has been made clear than an imminent threat has arisen in our solar system, and life as we know it has no choice but to change Dr.astically. No longer can we trifle with the concerns of the economy and standard of living. No longer can we delve on topics such as energy and political balance. We must unite, not as a nation, but as a planet, to ensure the survival of our species."
Chapter 2

Agent Chris Summers stood in Higgins' backyard, watching the futile crime-scene procedure take place around him in a blur. He knew there was nothing else to find. There'd been a struggle. Higgins was injured, and now likely with Shane. Did they expect Shane to have Dr.opped a clue?
Never. Whatever Shane had intended to happen likely happened. If Shane wanted Higgins dead, he'd be dead. Summers reasoned that if Shane kept him alive, it was only to torture him, maybe for fun, maybe to get some sort of information, or maybe–
Summers scratched his head. Maybe it wasn't torture. Maybe Shane had a change of heart. Judging from how much of his collective bio-substance floated around the pool, Higgins couldn't have escaped by his own means. But he had to be alive, and with Shane, and something had caused a change of heart.
He stared at the caution tape in the backyard and felt nostalgia burn. A whispering from deep in his subconscious resounded, a scar from his childhood that plagued him ever since. 
"I can feel it," his parents’ killer echoed from far away. "So cold."
His aunt had made him watch. Told him it'd be good for closure, for his spirit, "The work of the man upstairs," she'd said. 
He'd only been ten. Two years before that time, in 1992, he'd come from a friends house to the same caution tape blocking off his house, a crowd of neighbors and bystanders watching, and a police officer advising them to stand back. Summers had rushed forward, tears in his eyes. "That's my house!" he yelled, and the cop turned to someone over. They'd sat him down, two of them–a man in a jacket and a man in uniform, and put a hand on his shoulder. He remembered that he hadn't understood at first. Home invasion. Home invasion.
His dad had been an ER physician. Summers could still remember that it seemed like everyone in the hospital wanted to be involved, wanted to bring him back. "Not his father too," they whispered when they thought Summers was out of earshot. Then his aunt came and took him to live with her and her husband. Eight years later he finished high school with a full scholarship to UM, majoring in Criminology. After school he joined the police academy, and six months later he graduated and was hired by the Raleigh Police Department. A few months afterwards he submitted his application to the FBI and two years later he was working in the CID as a field investigator, and for the first time in his life he felt he had control–he didn't hate himself. In fact, he felt cool. Special Agent Chris Summers had a nice ring to it.
He shook his head and turned from the crime scene. His footsteps resounded, a hollow echoing, as he walked past the pool and around the back of the house. The pool water chimed behind the sound of his steps and behind the low voices of various investigators, and Summers focused his attention on the pool's soothing rhythm that dissipated to nothing as he approached his car. That was a long time ago–that feeling, that memory. The promotion was flattering at first, his salary had doubled. But the work–well… He wasn't the executioner, but he held the executioner's coattails off of bloody floors. 
Inside his car, he marked on his report that Shane doesn't murder mindlessly, important in his line of work. The court would deal with the punishment for his crimes, but as for the FBE, Shane's genes were still an option. They wanted his genius mind, but they wanted it without the murderer's heart. And now that was still possible.

Higgins’ Honda Civic was spotted near a run-down Motel 6 the next morning, about six miles away. Parking his car an hour after the tip was called in, Summers stepped out into the afternoon sun and glanced around, thinking that if he were a criminal, this is where he would be. 
It was the perfect place to hide, an area untouched by modern civility. Run-down, Dr.ug-dealing, mold-crusted homes and balconies crammed with rotting furniture, stolen goods, Dr.ugs, black market paraphernalia, and the sounds of coughing and glass shattering which echoed endlessly through dark alleys.
Summers put on his sunglasses, then checked and holstered his pistol. He pulled on the handle of his car door to ensure it was locked, and then began walking, looking for the silver Honda. In a nearby alleyway, two bums scratched scabs on their arms and licked their Dr.y lips as he walked by.
"Hey mama look here, it's the FBE!" the first said, skinny, wearing torn jeans and missing an eye.
The woman, wearing brown sheets covered in white stains, stood as Summers passed by. "Hey handsome. Why don't you come back on over here? I've got some good genes!" she said. He ignored her, and she let out a Dr.y choking laugh.
"Hey Mama what are you trying to do? He don't want any of that!" the first yelled back.
At times like these, Summers hated his promotion. In fact, he always hated his promotion. He considered the morality of his work constantly. The "no cruel and unusual punishment" government asterisk floated like a bubble in the backs of involved minds. The argument was simple: a man's "manhood" verses a man's life. The whispering of his parents’ killer haunted him–in his opinion, taking the former was cruel, but taking the latter, a man's life, was evil. 
"It's so cold."
Summers shuddered. He'd never forgiven his aunt for taking him to see that. It's why he'd accepted his promotion in the first place–he thought he'd be doing good, saving lives. The death penalty was never administered to those the FBE had taken care of. And because heinous crimes of that magnitude always warranted an FBE intervention, sentencing never resulted in capital punishment. 
The FBE only hired men as agents, the thought process being that women couldn't subjectively determine whether the crime fit the punishment. At least a man could imagine it, and if he was mentally stable, he'd shudder at the thought. 
Since the implementation of the program, there'd been a significant Dr.op in crime, but still, Summers couldn't help feeling like the executioner with the syringe. He didn't take life, no, but he altered future lives. Innocent lives.
A raggedy stumbling man with a harmonica saw Summers approaching. "Oh, hey fella, I wrote a song about the FBE!"
He blew into his harmonica once, and then began singing, following Summers as he walked. "The FBE, they'll come for me, they'll stand right in my halls. They'll pay me to fuck some whores, or they'll cut off my balls!"
The man smiled, holding out for a tip, but Summers frowned and kept walking. He might've laughed at that before he was the one doing it, back when he was an FBI agent, joking around with his colleagues about the FBE. 
His new work, filtering the collective human gene pool, was harsh and unforgiving. And it was just going to get harder. He'd heard rumors of new legislation being discussed that would prevent those with IQ's well below the average from having chilDr.en. "For the advancement of our species," they justified. The nearby aliens were always at the back of minds, influencing decision making from afar.
Searching the area for the Honda to no avail, he decided to call it after about an hour–no sign of the car or its Dr.ivers. Even the motel clerk had no idea whom Summers was talking about. He called the bureau, and then decided to return to base and reevaluate his approach to Patches Shane.

Back at his motel room, Summers logged into the net and queried 'Claire Waltz' from his conversation with Higgins. He found the one he was looking for, and the face of a beautiful blonde in her late twenties stared back at him from his screen. She  currently resided in New York. It was a three-hour flight from Jacksonville, and after a quick word with Barnes, the Raleigh FBE chief, he packed up a few things and made for the airport.

◊◊◊

Claire Waltz worked marketing and sales at Precision Efficiency Advancements, and the running gag around the office was that she was the princess of the PEA, alluding to the old fairy tale. The company sold specialized software that tracked the efficiency and profitability of a company's workforce, minimizing excess spending. The company itself monitored these findings, and every few months they sent their clients a detailed analysis of their spending, and where cuts could be made.
In a penthouse suite on the 70th floor, Blue Label flowed as profits expanded, and Claire sat at the top of it all, meeting with CEOs and CFOs multiple times a week–courting them, taking them out to lunch, a laugh, a touch of the hand, a fluttering of eye-lashes. "Oh yes, the software" she'd say with a laugh. "I'd almost forgotten. Oh no, it doesn't matter to me–I'm having a wonderful time." 
She was good. Not as much cajoling and outright manipulation as she was simply charming, knowledgeable and beautiful, and she earned PEA millions.
Her paycheck was considerably more than the paycheck of PEA's CEO, a secret he shared with no one. She was a (if not the) main factor for the company's success, and losing her would be cataclysmic for business. 
But she could leave at any time–in fact, she could retire and throw money at anything she desired and still remain well off for the rest of her life. But she loved her work, so she kept at it. She knew she intimidated all but the men too dumb to be afraid.

◊◊◊

Summers adjusted his sunglasses and knocked on the door of Claire Waltz's two-story estate, where she lived alone in a community fit for royalty. He put his fingers in his pockets and rubbed the outer fabric of his pants with his thumbs as he waited, studying the row of tulips that lined her front pathway. 
After a moment she answered the door, wearing nothing but a silk bathrobe. She had brunette hair, not blonde as it had been in her picture from the government database. She looked stunning. 
Summers glanced up and his brow narrowed–who answers their door in a bathrobe? She took one look at him and his badge and her curiosity turned to a smug grin.
"About time. I'm flattered, but tell the FBE no thanks."
His eyes became slits as he studied her smug expression. "It's not about that, Ms. Waltz."
"Call me Claire, agent…?" 
"Agent Summers, and I'm–"
"–Charmed" she said, holding out a hand.
Summers paused, then took his hand from his pocket and grasped hers. "Yeah. Likewise. Ms. Waltz, I'm here regarding–"
"–I said Claire, Mr.. Summers."
Summers stopped. This was not how he envisioned this going. She was messing up his routine.
"Claire. Sure." He took off his sunglasses, folded them, and put them in his front pocket. "I'm here regarding Pat Shane."
The smug grin fell from her face. "Patches…"
"You call him by his full name?"
"Of course. I was the only one who called him that. Did you know his mother named him after a guinea pig she once had as a child?" She smiled, covering her lips with the back of her hand.
"No, I wasn't aware of that. May I come in?"
"Sure, Mr.. Summers, please do," she replied. "Where are my manners?" 
Her facade almost had him blushing, if for only a second, and he coughed lightly.
She turned and he followed, looking anywhere but at her. He noted her marble floors, high ceiling, leopard print rug, and eco cotton sofas that were arranged as if she'd ordered the room preassembled from a high-class style magazine. Her white walls were covered in modern art showcasing the naked human form, framed in what looked like bronze. It reeked of confidence.
She turned and smiled at him. "You approve, agent?"
He nodded. "Sure. You've clearly done well for yourself Ms.–I mean, Claire."
She chuckled. "You flatter me, Mr.. Summers."
She led him over to the sofa, and offered him tea. He declined.
"I won't take no for an answer, Mr.. Summers. It's quite expensive, and delicious, if I do say so myself."
"It's really–"
"–Fabulous, I'll be right back–it'll only take a minute."
She walked off, strutting and Dr.ipping with pomp. He knew she wanted him to look, playing cat and mouse with her body. And if he looked–game over, check mate. He shook his head. Sorry lady, he thought–but this ain't my first rodeo. He took out his notepad and jotted down the bit about Shane's mother naming him after her childhood pet.
She returned a few minutes later, a glass of tea in each hand. She placed a glass in front of Summers and sat down on the chair across from him, crossing her legs. Taking in the smell of the tea, she held the glass underneath her nose, waving the aroma upwards.
"Try it, Mr.. Summers. It's wonderful. Very good for your body and spirit."
He studied the dark color of the glass’ contents, then lifted it. The aroma hit him like a punch to the face, nothing shy of nuclear fallout, and he found himself in a life and death struggle with the urge to grimace. Forcing his lips to the glass, he lightly slurped and poker-faced through the bittersweet jolt that clawed at his tongue. It was stronger than bourbon, with hints of ginger, lemon, slight mint, and rooibos. He'd survived staring contests against men with guns primed and aimed at his chest, and somehow this tea brought back those memories, and when she took a sip and smiled, closing her eyes, making love to the tea, he took a large painful gulp, and frowned at how much was still left in the glass. He missed the simplicity of villains with guns. It was the emasculation game, and she held all the cards. As she audaciously smiled at him, a train of multiple ‘Fuck You’s rumbled across his mind.
"Doesn't it just invigorate your spirit, Mr.. Summers?" she asked.
"Yes," he replied through clenched teeth. "It's very rich."
Her smile broadened. "Remind me to pack a small baggie for you before you leave. Please, it's my treat. I love a man with good taste."
Ignoring her, he placed the glass on the coffee table. "About Shane…"
She postured, shoulders back, sitting straight–the master of her domain. "What about him?"
"Did you know he's still alive?"
The split second moment of shock was wiped away by a grin and a nod. (And the best actress in a leading role goes to…) "That's great news! Good for him!"
Summers cleared his throat and refocused. "He murdered an innocent man. We caught him red handed."
Her eyes widened, and a satisfying–albeit somewhat guilty warmth rushed through him. Not a good enough actress that time, he thought. Or maybe she had enough tact to know when to Dr.op the act. She covered her gasp. "Patches? Never!"
Summers nodded solemnly, took out his notebook and licked the tip of his pen, crossing his legs. "Tell me about him."
Claire twisted her hair in her fingers and looked at the ground. "I don't wish to tell you about how we first became friends, but I can tell you about him."
At that moment, Summers reasoned that it was necessary to break her defensive outer shell to acquire the truth, and he felt a certain pride knowing what he knew. There was just no hiding facts from a detective of his caliber, and now the ball was in his court. "I'm aware of that story, Claire, if you're referring to the lunch, of course."
It was like a cannonball to her fortress. He shattered something–he knew a secret that she'd rather die than tell.
"Y-you know?"
"I spoke with Sam Higgins."
"Who?"
"At GenDec with you and Patches, same age as you both."
Claire shook her head and grinned. "You have to understand, Agent–there were a lot of boys at GenDec."
"It's irrelevant. Higgins is likely dead now, at the hands of Shane as well."
She gasped. "I thought you caught him red handed?"
"From the murder of his psychologist. Slit the man's throat. He got to Higgins afterwards, and now the pair of them are missing."
"I still don't understand. If you had Patches in cold blood from the first murder, how is he missing? How has he murdered again?"
"He escaped after the psychiatrist. It's a long story."
She narrowed her eyebrows. "Mr.. Summers, I'm afraid I can't help you if I don't know the full story."
Summers sighed. Clearly this wasn't her first ballgame either.
"He murdered a cop, who'd apparently been abusing his power, and Shane caught him off guard. He put the body in his bed, and snuck out in his uniform. And I won't call it a coincidence when I tell you it was the same cop that reported Shane had whispered to him something along the lines of 'I know what you really are, I've seen your true face'. Do those words mean anything to you?"
She took a sip of tea before responding. "I don't have the slightest idea what those words mean, and Mr.. Summers, you have to understand that this is all very incredible to me. For all I'd known, Patches died attempting to escape from GenDec. You coming here now, and telling me that not only is he alive, but he's a murderer! My, it's really unbelievable. Patches was the sweetest boy."
"Tell me about him."
She took another sip of tea, then lowered the glass to her lap.
"How about we make a deal? Mr.. Summers, you tell me how he survived for so long after GenDec, and I'll tell you everything you want to know."
Summers sighed. He didn't have time for this, but he needed answers and had no other options. And she knew that too. Recognizing bargaining chips was a skill required for her line of work, and he could tell she was a pro.
"It's a deal," he said. He scratched his head and opened his notebook. "After GenDec we discovered Shane escaped to Jacksonville and hid out for three years in the basement of a condemned apartment complex. We aren't certain of how he survived, whether he obtained a low-key job or lived off of scraps, but when the report came from GenDec about the escapee and the FBE got word of his IQ, we immediately took the case off the FBI's hands and began a full-scale manhunt. When we found him years later he was on the verge of a mental breakdown, so we set him up with living arrangements on the terms that he visits the psychologist he eventually murdered four times a week. From the reports, Shane had been making progress. That is, up until recently. From there on you already know."
Summers took his pencil from behind his ear and opened a new page in his notebook.
"Now it's your turn, Claire. Tell me about Shane."
She nodded and put her glass back on the table. "Well, after the lunch incident, we became close. He was in love with me, you have to understand that, and I was young. I loved the power I had over him. By the time I came around to developing any sort of feelings in return, I was so caught up in this whirlwind of control, having him head over heels trying to impress me and doing things for me, that I couldn't let it go. I regret that now. The whole experience was just awful, and even taking into account the electroshock therapy and the food depravation, that was still, by far, the worst part of the whole experience."
"What was?"
"Ruining a nice, sweet boy."
As Summers jotted down a few notes, he couldn't help but wonder exactly how much time she'd spent perfecting this performance. He kept his professionalism and continued. "Expand on that please, Claire."
She sighed. "He was so smart, did so well in his classes. He was so… good. Like, while most kids were in gangs and stuff–"
"Yeah, I know he wore yellow. What was your take on that?"
"Well, he wanted everyone to know he was good. Like the golden boy in the puddle of shit. It was interesting, it was one of the reasons I made him do so much bad. After we started to hang out, he was going in for shock therapy every week or so. I'm ashamed."
"What kind of stuff did you make him do?"
"At first minor things, but the last thing I convinced him to do–I said 'those guys in gangs are so attractive. You should join a gang.' Next day, he attempted to join the Midnight Crew–"
Summers held up his pen. "Sorry. Midnight Crew?"
"They wore black." She noticed his look of confusion and sighed. "Bloodsuckers wore red. They punched each other in the mouth as initiation. Really, the mildest of the gangs. The Blues wore blue, they would strangle each other, called suffocation 'the blues'. It was dumb. But the Midnight Crew were the worst. Disappearances. Deaths. Possible murder. They had Patches create a diversion so they could gain access to the kitchens. God knows why they wanted to do that. He rigged up something explosive, tampered with a hallway light or something, and rearranged the electricity to blow out the lights in a sector. Instead, he blew a massive hole in the wall. Attempting to escape was practically punishable by death. He had no choice, he had to run. We all thought he'd died. That's how they made it sound."

They spoke for a couple more minutes, then Summers thanked her and stood to leave. She made him wait, and packed him a bag of her tea, even though his glass was still as full as it had been after his first sip. "It's a tough Dr.ink the first go, but you get used to it and it's so good for you."
He thanked her, and made to leave. She kissed him on the cheek at the door, and the unexpected gesture surprised him, if only for a moment. He shook it off and decided to update the FBE and Paige on the case.

◊◊◊

Claire Waltz closed the door behind the agent, then retrieved her cellphone from her purse. She dialed a number and put it to her ear. It rang a few times.
"Lee, it's Claire… yeah, I need a small favor. Can you search our database for a Higgins, Sam. Possibly Samuel. Please?" She strummed her fingers on the countertop as he stumbled over his words, unable to agree fast enough. 
She grinned. "Thanks so much Lee, you're a doll. Call me back when you have something."
Placing her phone onto the counter, she found herself frowning. Sam Higgins. Who the hell is that, talking to strangers about her? And he might not be dead, and hiding out there somewhere with Patches? 
It was too much to resist. She'd have to call out sick for a week or two. Ensure that Patches had taken care of the rat–and if he hadn't, fix the spill herself.
Shrugging off her robe and letting it slip from her body onto the floor, she strolled through her master beDr.oom and into the bathroom to shower. 
Then she began to pack.

◊◊◊

Pat and Sam left the run-down motel, taking the highway to Savannah, Georgia, where they stopped for the night. 
A missing persons bulletin had been filed for Sam Higgins. He was presumed dead, and most search efforts were done through tall grassy fields and nearby swamps and dumps for his corpse. Because of the search, Pat and Sam couldn't travel via Skyway, as travel through checkpoints was monitored, so byways parallel to I-95 were the safest method of undetected travel.
"Why can't I just go home?" Sam asked, on the verge of tears. Looking woefully out the window at the gothic high-rises, horse and buggies, and hunDr.eds of people looked like they'd never heard of hair conditioner, Sam longed to return home, back in the comfort of his routine. Pat sighed at Sam's question, apparently tired of answering it for the third time consecutively.
"Because you know to much, and you'll spill everything under threat of sterilization. Plus, you're useful. The aliens might be here–you agree there is a chance of that. If they are, and we stop them, we're heroes."
"Can't I just go home please?" Sam cried. "How do we even stop them?"
"Kill one, then see what happens from there."
"Ugh, how do we even find one?"
"Listen, Sam–enough, alright? If the food is Dr.ugged, follow the food. There's a Bixplus distribution center right off I-95 on Maple, about thirty minutes north of here. We'll leave tomorrow morning."
They parked at The Quarter Moon Inn, a supposedly haunted place that publicized itself as a resort for psychics. It had been popular in the 70's, before the aliens, but after 1981 professions in fields ostracized by science declined rapidly, due to government benefits for those who assisted in the human technological advancement, or as politicians referred to it, The Technological Revolution. 
Regardless, a few psychics claimed to have developed connections with the aliens, and they would meet at various locations along the east coast to promote psychic communication as viable means of alien contact.
Sam's head pounded. He partnered with a psychopath who targeted those whom he thought were aliens, and here, in the parking lot of a rundown inn, the two of them were soon to be surrounded by flamboyant men and women claiming to know the innermost thoughts and plans of the Europans. Sam groaned. Someone was going to die tonight.
"Why are we here?" he whined as he looked at a woman with long braided hair, robes that gathered soot from the floor like a feather duster, and countless beads and charms wrapped around her neck and arms. Sam heard her through his lowered window as she discussed with a colleague the possible mind-to-mind connection that aliens might converse by, and if one could only tune into those communications, like a radio, one could unravel the mystery of their apparent indifference. The male psychic she was with nodded and reassured her that, before he met her, he knew she harbored those thoughts.
Pat shut and locked the doors of the Civic. "I can't be the only one who thinks the aliens might be hiding amongst us," he said. "Somebody else must suspect it. At this point, I'll take any ally I can find."
The hotel was of brick and stone, with a red neon sign attached vertically from the left that flickered 'VACANCY'. It was two stories, and the entrance lobby was separate from the rooms–each door led outside, and Sam hoped they'd get a room that overlooked the parking lot so he could keep an eye on his car. 
The area seemed unsafe, and losing his car, his safety, his only way out of this mess, would leave him trapped–a feeling he'd grown to hate since his time at GenDec. Upon further inspection, it seemed that every room overlooked the parking lot. 
Walking past the arguing psychics, avoiding eye contact, they entered the lobby. The tile was old and clashed with the walls, the mural painted on the wall behind the front desk seemed to have been painted by an amateur, likely the original owner. He seemed to have wanted a renaissance feel for his inn, but gave up halfway. 
They approached the front desk, which looked unattended. Pat rang the bell, and a moment later a fat woman with speckles of hair on her chin approached from the back room.
"You have a reservation?" she asked.
"No," Pat said.
"Separate beds?"
"Yes."
"How many nights?"
"Just one."
"I need a card to put on file." She held out a hand.
Pat looked at Sam, who sighed, and pulled a debit card from his wallet.
"Can you do us a favor?" Pat asked. The woman stopped typing and stared at him. He continued, "Hold that card, but don't swipe it until we check out. The Society of Psychics is supposed to comp us for our stay, but they haven't wired us money yet."
The woman nodded, and put the card in a slot by the computer. She typed a couple things. "Name?"
"John Higgins," Pat said. Sam kept a straight face, but felt his cheeks grow red.
She handed them their keys in a small envelope that had the room number written on it.
"Room 203. Outside, up the stairs, second door. Complimentary breakfast begins at six here in the lobby, ends at nine."
They thanked her. Pat turned and Sam followed. 
"Why did you use my last name?" Sam whispered as they walked away.
"Your name is on the card. So she doesn't get suspicious."
Sam nodded. He didn't like it, but he didn't have much of a choice. 
The two didn't head to their room. Instead, they entered the dining area of the lobby, where six psychics were chatting. As they approached, the single male of the group turned and nodded. "I don't recognize you two, I overheard you mention the Society of Psychics."
Pat studied the man for a few seconds before responding. "I'm surprised that the subconscious didn't inform you, Mr.. Ron Halliday, that we were coming."
The man nodded. "Impressive. Come join us, John Higgins. Who's your friend?"
Pat turned to Sam and looked him up and down, "this is Theron Thurston."
"Ah, Mr.. Thurston, of course. There is a pharmacy a few blocks away, a shame you forgot your MetroGel."
Sam's jaw Dr.opped. He quickly composed himself. "Thank you, Mr.. Halliday."
"Please. Call me Ron."
"Ron. Thanks."
Ron nodded. Pat turned to him. "What has the subconscious told you of the aliens of late?" he asked.
Ron stroked his thin beard. "The aliens, ah. I see you've yet to make a connection. They call themselves Rhaokins, and they hail from Clorf. I converse with their king, per se, on a somewhat daily basis. His name is Had RaDr.ill, and they are friendly, and they have much to teach us."
Pat nodded solemnly, "I was afraid you would say that. Had RaDr.ill has contacted me as well. He is not king–he's what we would refer to as a con. You've been had by Had, I'm afraid. The aliens mean to harm us, and they walk the earth undetected as we speak. I've come to enlighten you all, that we may use our gift to save humanity."
Ron twisted his beard in his fingers.
"You don't say, Mr.. Higgins… you don't say…" he paused in thought. "Well, I've been told that I'm too trusting, as I've always carried a strong belief in the good of man, and this faith must have blinded me. I look for the best in all things, and it seems that this should one day be my downfall. But enough of my shortcomings–please, tell the rest of your findings."
Ron motioned for Pat and Sam to follow, and as he approached the others he cleared his throat.
"Everyone, as you may well already know, this is John Higgins and Theron Thurston, and they come bearing grave news. Mr.. Higgins–if you would be so kind…"
"Certainly." Pat stepped forward. "As I'm sure some of you may have already sensed, Had RaDr.ill, of the Rhaokins, is not to be trusted."
Murmurs of agreement resounded, and a woman with hair down to her hips stepped forward. "I am Cerulean Sky, and I too have been suspect to the misgivings of Had RaDr.ill, though I feared to speak my concerns lest they be ungrounded. Your words ring true to me, Mr.. John Higgins, and I'm glad that you possess the courage to bring them forth–a courage which I, regretfully, lack." A few of the other psychics put hands on her shoulders.
A woman with a voice barely above a whisper spoke from the back. "What else have you seen, Mr.. Higgins?"
Pat brushed his long hair from his eyes. "They have contaminated our water supply, or food source, and have been poisoning us with an extraterrestrial hallucinogenic. This Dr.ug prevents us from seeing the Rhaokins living amongst us, running our law enforcement, our laws, maybe even our country. I suspect a Rhaokin is posing as a high up government official, yet who that is I've not discerned. There may, in fact, be more than just one."
The woman with the whisper stepped forward. She was barely five feet tall, with short hair dyed blonde and multiple piercings on her ears and lips. "I know who one might be," she stated with a quiver. "The Vice President of the United States, Jordan Clearwater."
Her friend glanced over, shocked. "Stella, you never told me this."
"I never shared my fears with anyone, as to be suspect of insanity or treason," Stella replied. "After a period of fasting to cleanse my spirit, I observed on television from him a speech, and watched his face morph and change before my very eyes. I assumed I was seeing things from the various herbs and supplements I'd been taking, but it was so… vivid. I'm certain now of what I saw."
Sam looked at Pat, for a sign of bewilderment, but saw none–although he was certain that Pat felt it. Sam shivered, excited and scared, and a cold, familiar sweat shook his foundation. 
This was exactly as Pat described his visions, and to hear it reiterated from another person had to be more than a coincidence. 
Sam wasn't certain of most things Pat shared, but from what Stella had said he now felt certain that the main food supply of the country was Dr.ugged. Sam once thought of paranoia, and the proof it required to be grounded fear. Now he knew. This wasn't paranoia, this had to be proof, this had to be fear.
The two conversed with the psychics for a few more hours, met the other psychics as they arrived, and it wasn't until well after sunset that they decided to call it, said goodnight, and went to their room.
Sam had too many questions, and they'd barely stepped a foot outside when he asked. "Okay, level with me, Pat. H-how did you know that guy's name? Ron Halliday?"
Pat laughed. "I read it on the registry as we checked in. I assumed Ron checked in fairly recently, as he still had his car keys and bags with him and he was the last male name on the list. From there, I just took the risk. Worked well in our favor, I might add."
"Fine, that’s fine, but how did he know about me forgetting my MetroGel?"
"Because your rosacea is horrible–your face looks like a tan tomato."
Sam flushed and looked down. "O-oh."
Pat wiggled the key in the knob and unlocked their door. It was dark, and had two beds and a small television on the opposing wall. Sam flicked on the lights and walked across the room, sitting on the bed furthest from the door. "So now what?" he asked.
"Now we watch the news. If we're lucky, they'll say nothing about us."
Pat tossed an apple across the room. Sam caught it, and turned it over in his hands, studying it woefully. His stomach growled as he frowned. Pat apparently expected this tiny fruit to pass for dinner. 
Yeah, right, Sam thought, and considered instead taking the car to get some real food. Then he remembered the side of Dr.ugs he'd inevitably digest. Well, he'd been dealing with them fine so far. Better the Dr.ugs than starving to death.
But he never left. They sat on their beds and watched the news, and for some reason, Sam was relieved to see no stories concerning themselves–murderer or victim.

Sam couldn't remember when he'd fallen asleep–he only knew when he was struck awake, at first by shaking and then the screaming alarm, blasting into his head and annihilating his Dr.eam world. 
He opened his eyes, and Pat was bouncing him by the shoulders up and down on his bed, and at first Sam thought Pat was trying to kill him, but then he saw the blue and red lights dancing around their room, and heard the blaring sirens, and Sam was fully awake and aware even before Pat yelled, "Sam! Wake up!"
Sam rubbed his eyes and sat up. "What? I-I don't–how?"
"That fat bitch must have ran the card. Should've seen this coming. Fuck!"
They heard a door down the hall smash open. Pat yelled, "Make your bed and then hide, quickly!"
Sam threw the comforter over the bed, and then crouched on the floor beside the mattress. Pat did the same with his bed, then dived across Sam's and knelt down beside him. Not a second later, a kick smashed open the door of their room, and a flashlight's white beam crept from the beds to the floor.
"Clear!" a voice yelled, and footsteps receded from their room. They were safe, but dangling by the skin of their teeth. The front desk clerk must've been unavailable to reveal their room number. Which bought them only seconds.
"Fuck!" Pat said.
Sam squeaked. "What are we gonna do?"
Pat closed his eyes. "I don't know. Let me think."
They were on the second floor. Police officers would post on both ends of the hall, by the stairs, plus a patrol car would be blocking the exit to the road from the inn. They were trapped. 
In a moment the cops would find out which room was theirs and storm in, guns Dr.awn. The room began to spin around Sam, and he wiped his brow, attempting to steady himself. 
Pat was deep in thought, head in his hands and eyes shut tight, as if attempting to squeeze a solution from his brain. They heard door after door smash open, sand trickling away, and had barely seconds to act.
Pat suddenly lit up. He tore the white sheet out from underneath the comforter, then quickly fixed the bed.
"Bathroom, now!" he whispered.
Wordlessly, Sam followed. Pat grabbed his razor and began cutting the sheet into strips.
"Take off your shirt," he said.
Sam did so without question, and Pat took the first strip and tied Sam's hands together.
Sam watched him uncomfortably. "What are you–?"
"I'm sorry about this pal, but it's the only way."
He pointed Sam to the bathtub, sat him down, and tied his feet together. Pat then wrapped Sam's neck around twice, loose enough so he could breathe, and secured that to the faucet of the tub.
"I'm really, really sorry about this. When they get here, say that I heard them coming and bailed before they arrived. Got it?"
Sam nodded. Not a bad plan, he thought. Plus, he'd finally be free. Home free from his kidnapping and his life could finally get back to normal. He wondered why Pat was being so apologetic, and closed his eyes, inwardly relieved. But then he felt the icy touch of metal on his exposed chest, and his grin vanished.
"Again, I'm real sorry bud. I gotta sell it."
He slashed. 
Blood spurted from Sam's chest and he cried out. Pat sliced him seven more times in quick succession, and muffled Sam's screams with his hand–with every slash came another apology. Seconds later, Sam whimpered as the deep cuts on his flesh gushed blood that covered his skin like a silk sheet.
"Wait a few seconds, then cry out for help," Pat said.
He ran from the room. Sam waited two seconds and then screamed and cried and shouted. Moments later a team of cops ran in, flashlights swarming, and entered the bathroom. The first one to enter knelt down.
"You're safe now. Where is he?"
Sam considered turning him in, telling the officers that Pat was probably underneath the bed, but decided against it. He'd seen too much that supported Pat's theories, and just because he didn't want to be involved didn't mean he wanted to hinder him.
"He left," Sam said, his tears selling his act. "He heard the sirens and bailed. I heard him open and slam the door, just a few minutes ago. He can't have gotten very far–you can still catch him!"
The other cops ran out immediately, yelling orders and repeating what Sam had said. Two medics rushed in.
"Can you walk?" the first medic asked as the other checked his pulse and swabbed the blood on his chest.
"Yeah," Sam responded. The medics unbound his feet, neck, and hands, and scanned him quickly as he stood. They walked him out of the bathroom and onto their stretcher. Strapping him in, they rolled him out of the room and carried him down the steps to the ambulance. 
A cop with a notepad approached as the medics put copious amounts of gauze, antiseptic, and pressure on Sam's wounds.
"Mr.. Higgins, can I ask you a couple questions?"
"Yeah," Sam said, then grimaced, immediately regretting his affirmative answer.
"Thank you. You're very brave. So, tell me what happened? What's the last thing you remember?"
Sam took a deep breath. The aching and burning of the cuts on his body helped him sell his anguish. A sudden thought amused him, and he hid a creeping smile. He pictured the cops spreading out to find Pat, all the while their target hid underneath a bed in the room upstairs. It was kind of funny, in a sick way.
"He attacked me, almost Dr.owned me, then kidnapped me. He thought I was an alien, and had been torturing me the past few days, trying to get me to admit it."
"Who's he?"
"Pat Shane."
The cop nodded and jotted a note.
"That's enough for now. Thank you, Mr.. Higgins." The cop patted one of the medics on the back, and they loaded Sam into the ambulance and flew him to the emergency room. 
Ambulances were the first vehicles to be upgraded to ground/air thrust compatibility, and Sam found flying via positive thrust soothing. He fell asleep during the flight–the events of the evening had been traumatic, albeit much differently than how law enforcement suspected.

◊◊◊

Excerpt from Pope John Paul II's "Redemptor Hominis," May 4th, 1979. Part 12, The Church's Mission and Human Freedom:
In this unity in mission, which is decided principally by Christ himself, all Christians must find what already unites them, even before their full communion is achieved. This is apostolic and missionary unity, missionary and apostolic unity. Thanks to this unity we can together come close to the magnificent heritage of the human spirit that has been manifested in all religions, as the Second Vatican Council's Declaration Nostra Aetate says. It also enables us to approach all cultures, all ideological concepts, all people of good will, all life by God. We will approach them with the esteem, respect and discernment that since the time of the Apostles has marked the missionary attitude, the attitude of the missionary.
…
The mission is never destruction, but instead is a taking up and fresh building, even if in practice there has not always been full correspondence with this high ideal. And we know well that the conversion that is begun by the mission is a work of grace, in which man must fully find himself again.
For this reason the Church in our time attaches great importance to all that is stated by the Second Vatican Council in its Declaration on Religious Freedom, both the first and the second part of the document. We perceive intimately that the truth revealed to us by God imposes on us an obligation that man must now transcend. We have, in particular, a great sense of responsibility for this truth. By Christ's institution the Church is its guardian and teacher, having been endowed with a unique assistance of the Holy Spirit in order to guard and teach it in its most exact integrity. In fulfilling this mission, united with man, we look towards Christ himself, the first evangelizer, and also towards his Apostles, martyrs and confessors, to give us strength, through space, in our obligation to God.
…
Jesus Christ meets the man of every age, including our own, with the same words: "You will know the truth, and the truth will make you free." 
Chapter 3

Special Agent Chris Summers crashed onto his couch, kicked off his shoes and turned on the television. He sighed, leaning back, glad to finally be home–regardless of how run-down his home was.
He glanced around his one beDr.oom flat. Wooden floors concealed by a cheap brown rug with a green leaf pattern, a lightly torn brown couch, an unmade bed, and large speakers against the wall by the window–proof enough that someone lived there. He'd grabbed the speakers at a garage sale, five bucks each, eight for the set–not bad after he fixed them, and he kept his rock n' roll disks stacked on top. His television, coated in a thick layer of dust, sat on the rug across from his coffee table, and beside his couch on the wall hung a painting of some odd colored mountains that the previous owner left. He liked how it looked.
His cellphone rang, and he sighed as his relaxation interrupted. It was the office. Probably Paige.
"Summers speaking."
"Agent Summers."
He recognized her soft voice immediately.
"Hey Paige."
"How's the case?"
He sighed. "It's coming along… Actually, I just scratched a disk. I need a second." He added a slow inflection to 'scratched a disk'.
"Alright, call me back."
"Will do."
He hung up. A moment later, she called back, personal number this time. He answered.
"Paige."
"Hey handsome."
"What's going on?"
"Barnes has been up my ass these past few days, wondering what's the–"
"Can you say that differently?"
"What differently?"
He sighed again. She continued.
"Alright fine. He's been down my throat."
"Not better."
She laughed. "I've been covering for you Chris, but we need a progress report or he's going to transfer you."
"Gotchya."
"What have you got?"
"I've spoken to a few known associates of Shane's. This case is proving just as difficult as we thought it'd be. He's psychotic, but the question of nature verses nurture is at heart of it as usual. Of those from GenDec whom I've spoken, it seems he's been conditioned to insanity. Except I can't paint that picture. He's committed heinous crimes–he deserves whatever punishment he receives, but from what I can tell, he'd been tortured to submission in that direction."
"You sure?"
"I can't be, Paige. I need to investigate GenDec. Can you pull some strings upstairs?"
"I'll see what I can do. Give me the formal report in five."
"Alright. Thanks."
"Don't mention it."
He hung up and sat back in the sofa, thinking about what he would say. Pat Shane was, by the standard, crazy–but also a hero, at least in his own mind.

◊◊◊

Claire Waltz's plane landed in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, a little after three in the afternoon. She wasn't thrilled to return this close to GenDec, but she had to find Higgins. She wanted–no–needed to find out what he remembered.
She rented a black sedan, took the Skyway to Pompano, then Dr.ove to 1312 Red Gable Dr.ive, where her IT friend Lee had located a plausible Sam Higgins. 
Lee was also in love with her, which was useful.
She parked the car and approached the pink little bungalow, knocking twice on the door. Turning around, facing the street, she studied her nails, analyzing the perfection of her French manicure while waiting for a response, which seemed to be taking a while.
She grimaced. How degrading was this? Her, calling on someone else. But this was personal, and she couldn't just call a favor and send anyone. He might know things. Things she'd hoped nobody remembered and had in stock to share.
There was no answer, so she knocked again. Lee had called her earlier, told her that he was alive and had been rescued over a day before. Plus, a silver Honda Accord sat in the Dr.iveway, so she knew he had to be home. What was keeping him? Had Patches come back and done something?
Finally, she heard rustling inside the home. Someone had their face planted upon the eyehole of the door. A second later, the door opened, and a large, tan, seemingly blushing man appeared.

◊◊◊

He remembered running, but the rest was fuzz and froth in Pat's mind, slowly settling.
A man in a duster jacket entered the screened in area, Pat looked–but he vanished–nothing there. Looking down at his hands, Pat twiddled his thumbs, or maybe they were twiddling themselves. But they were also bleeding, and he didn't know how or why. What was happening? Think. 
"THINK GODDAMMIT!"
A voice–who? He spun, but nothing. Ghosts were having parties in the corners of his eyes–if he looked they vanished. Some had guns, others were taunting him, silently screaming, rushing towards him, bleeding tears. He looked and they disappeared. Cackling, laughing–or were those crickets? 
"GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY BACK YARD!" 
Pat's pupils smashed back and forth in slow motion, the pendulum of a grandfather clock, striking twelve every second. But they saw nothing–observed no one. He was forcing his brain to think. Need to eat. Where? Where? He remembered running. He knew pi to the 100th digit, and attempted to recite it, to help him focus. "Three point one four one five nine two six five three five eight nine seven nine three point one four one five nine two six five three point one four one fine too sick." 
It was no use. He'd run all night, hiding from the light. Nothing to Dr.ink, nothing to eat. He sat huddled in the corner of someone's backyard, a backyard his subconscious clicked at, pointing at (waitaminute … nevermind) as he held his knees to his chest and glanced around, wondering how he'd arrived wherever he was.
A heavy shutter smashed in his mind, followed by a high-pitched whine–and a blinding light engulfed his vision, blocking out everything else. A police officer with a flashlight appeared. Pat raised his hand to his face, casting a deep shadow along his eyes. 
He blinked once to adjust–but with that blink the cop, along with the backyard, vanished. 
The world changed. Instead of the screened-in patio at night, now the sun was in his eyes–he was in a playground, chilDr.en spinning and singing, their voices echoing inside his head, their laughter going on and on for an eternity. He lowered his hand and glanced around, but he couldn't recognize this place. So then he–
Blink. 
A blaring horn deafened him. His hands shot up to the sides of his head, covering–defending his ears. The night sky threatened to crush him, and he stood in the middle of the road–a truck headed right for him, blinding him with its headlights. He stumbled back, eyes wide, mouth agape and–
Blink. 
The shutter smashed again. A camera? "Great smile. One more picture–and this time, Patches–no funny faces."
Blink. 
A hum resounded, like the inside of a Dr.yer–metallic spinning–but parallel to the ground, flooring upwards. 
He was laying on some kind of sheet metal operating table. A bright light attempted to blind him, illuminating the fright on his face, and hands groped and prodded him. Hands–but those were no ordinary hands. 
Blink. Those hands were long, and that wasn't a normal skin color. Blink. They were going for his eyes. Blink. Blink. They were scratching his eyes! Blink blink blink blink– 
But nothing. Trapped–something cold and metallic held open his eyes. "What do you want from me!" Pat screamed. 
They (whoever they were) looked all around–the sclera of their eyes, so large and yellow, their pupils, so black, pin points, their eyes were moving too much, and too quickly, bragging–he couldn't move–but his hands! They didn't restrain his hands!
He lifted them to his face, ripped off the apparatus, and sat up. They scurried backwards. No mouths, but they could talk. "Take it easy, son, we're not going to hurt you."
"Where am I?"
Blink.
He was back in the screened-in area of someone's backyard, surrounded by three cops, an old man, and a Great Dane.
Blink.
The operating room again. The metallic table was nearby, and on it sat a knife. He picked it up.
"Where am I!?"
"Son, if you keep screaming you'll wake the neighbors!"
He lunged, tackling the nearest big eyes, knife poised. He stabbed. 
Blink.
Blood spurted from the tiny body of a child. ChilDr.en screamed.
Blink.
A police officer, bleeding on the ground. 
"Get him off me! 10-24, officer down!" 
Blink.
Long fingers all over his body, not gripping but rubbing, his mind was on fire, metal all around him, he stabbed the big eyes again–lost and scared.
Without warning, his body hovered into the air, froze, then flew backwards. 
Blink.
He flew through the air, hitting an encampment and rolling down a hill. The truck screeched to a halt, blood painted on its bumper and windshield. 
The Dr.iver stormed out of the truck. "Fuck buddy, are you nuts? Charging at a truck? What the fuck!" He bent over Pat. "Shit… Oh please don't be dead, this ain't my fucking fault!"
Pat couldn't move, his legs and arms wouldn't budge–he was paralyzed.
Blink.
Cops were holding him down. One cop far from Pat was screaming. "Don't die on me, Frankie! It's just a flesh wound! Do you hear me? A flesh wound!" A police officer had his hands pressed down on the bloody chest of another. Blood soaked the ground, so much blood, it Dr.enched the whole backyard, too much blood. 
Blink.
ChilDr.en with inhuman strength were all around him, growling and crying, holding him down, torrents of mucous Dr.ipping from every orifice. Pat jerked, but couldn't break free.
Blink.
"Hey buddy, you okay?" a voice whispered, echoing around the blades of grass. Woods. No, it was the truck Dr.iver again. Something howled, concealed in the forest. Gray clouds raced in front of the moon.
Blink.
Cops holding his arms and legs, the Great Dane standing above him, growling, Dr.ooling.
Blink.
The street at night, but something felt different–maybe it was the wind. He was alone in an intersection, old buildings surrounded him, to his right was a park, beyond the park a lake. A few people, couples with arms around each other spoke quietly, whispering and laughing. At him? Where was he? Something was wrong. Something was throwing and tumbling his mind. He had one concise thought, one goal–he needed Sam. He had to find Sam.
Last he saw, they were loading Sam into an ambulance. 
An ambulance. Walking down the street in a daze, too scared to blink, Pat stumbled onward.
His ears perked. A siren. Sam? He followed the noise, first trotting, then sprinting. Down the street, yes, lights, what luck–maybe he had only been out for a few hours, maybe that was Sam.
He looked up at the sky and saw it, the ambulance, wheels retracted, thrusting through the low fog. It approached, landing somewhere near him. He sprinted towards it as it descended. It was landing so near, what luck!
It parked. The medics hopped out and went around back to unload the stretcher, then sprinted with it into the building. Pat heard yelling from inside–a stabbing? 
Oh well. Running to the ambulance, he systematically checked the doors. They locked the back, the Dr.iver’s side, the passenger door, he checked the chassis door on the passenger side–unlocked! 
People were running around the building–nobody would notice him. He darted inside, closed the door behind him and locked it. There was a bench to his left, in front was the captain's chair, and to the right was the cabin. He hopped through the small opening and sat down in the Dr.iver's seat. On the console to his right were two radios, countless switches, and a knob. He hit the switch labeled THRUST and immediately the ambulance shook and lifted slightly off the ground. The steering wheel loosened from its hold on the dash. He could push it in and out and slide it side to side. He pulled it out, only slightly, and the ambulance began to rise into the air.
"Charlie three–" dispatch croaked over the radio.
Pat ignored it and kept rising. He rose above the building and looked around. The sky was empty.
"Charlie three, you've engaged thrust. Are you 51 with patient?"
Pat didn't respond. He pushed the power button on the radio and turned it off. Then he noticed–blood on his finger? Wait, blood on his hands? Where was Sam?
But the thought evaporated as quickly as it'd surfaced. He was flying an ambulance, he had to hide, he had to get out of there.
He pushed the steering wheel upwards, and the ambulance sped forwards. He knew he was heading north, he needed to head south. That was the way back home, to Sam's house. Sam would be there.
He turned the steering wheel, and the ambulance began to pivot in place. Easy enough. He pressed the wheel upwards again and flew through the fog.
Now flying comfortably, he tried to organize his thoughts. His mind was fragmented, like it had been through a shredder–and he slowly taped together the pieces. Random memories–some real, some imagined–flashed through his brain. 
He felt the electrotherapy of GenDec, it felt so real, nausea bubbled from the pit of his stomach. He shook his head and kept flying. 
Suddenly, sirens erupted from far off. Without thinking, he flipped the switch labeled MASTER and the lights in the ambulance turned off. He pushed in the steering wheel and the ambulance began to descend quickly. 
He reached the ground, flipped off the THRUST switch, and a moment later his wheels were on the ground, although he had no idea where he was. He turned off the headlights, turned off the truck, and darkness engulfed him.
Sirens faded away, and Pat felt his racing heart slow. He was lucky–if they'd caught him he'd have had no excuse. He couldn't explain the visions, he had no recollection of where he'd been–of however long it'd been since he sprinted from the hotel. 
That was the last thing he remembered, sprinting from the Quarter Moon Inn. That was when his thoughts grew hazy and the next somewhat solid memory he could form was the man in the duster from the screened in area, although whether that man was real or imaginary remained a mystery.
The sirens melted with the fog of the night and he wondered if he'd imagined them. He'd been flying for at least thirty, maybe forty minutes. The thrust-enabled ambulances were new, he was surprised at how vulnerable they were to theft.
He looked around, but couldn't tell where he was. Turning the ambulance back on, he flipped on the master, then the floodlights to illuminate his surroundings.

◊◊◊

Cameron Thomas jumped to his feet as a blinding light blasted through his house from the backyard. He resided in Sherwood Hills, Georgia, and in their neck of the woods, life never yielded anything out of the ordinary, which is what made the blinding light easy to disbelieve, at least at first.
Sherwood Hills was a small, somewhat-religious neighborhood, built separate from modern civility by his friend and developer Jack Evans. 
Cameron lived with his wife and son. His wife was in bed, his son asleep, and he danced between reality and the Dr.eam world in the living room as the flickering blue light from his television illuminated his face, when his home was filled with a blinding light erupting from his backyard.
He rubbed his eyes and shook his head–he was exhausted, and considered the light as just a trick of his brain, but the light persisted and curiosity Dr.agged his legs from his couch and to the backyard, where it seemed to originate. 
Then he saw it–a UFO in his backyard, sitting in the grassy field in the center of the neighborhood's mutual backyard. He rubbed his eyes, yet it persisted, and reality struck home. He ran back inside, up the stairs, and shook his wife awake.
"Caroline!"
She stirred, blinked a few times, and took off her reading glasses. She was under the covers, and had fallen asleep with her glasses on and book in hand.
"What?" she asked, slurring sleepily.
"UFO. Backyard! Quickly!"
She sat up on her pillows. "Cameron, calm down. What?"
"You have to come with me right now! Quickly!"
She shook the sleep from her head, put on slippers, and as soon as she stood Cameron grabbed her hand and Dr.agged her down the stairs, through the house, and into the backyard, where her eyes and mind forgot all about sleep. 
There it was, a real UFO in their backyard, blasting their home with an impenetrable light. A few neighbors nearby had noticed the light as well and began wandering outside, gathering from their homes to surround the UFO, but were too afraid to approach.
Brandon Holt shouted from his patio. "What's going on Cameron? Is that a UFO?"
"You bet it is, Holt!"
With a rumble and a thrust, the UFO began rising, and the neighborhood gasped. "I don't believe it!" yelled SanDr.a Evans.
And into the air it rose, higher and higher, then the lights flickered off. It became a speck and flew south, disappearing into the night.

◊◊◊

Excerpt from United States President Morgan Scott's fifth Presidential Directive: Technological and Genetic Security Advancement - October 1, 1981:
The advances and programs outlined in this directive will guide the long-term development of our strategic forces. This will adDr.ess the obvious technological gap and inherent weaknesses of our defenses against the possible extra-terrestrial invasion. The result will improve our current security and stimulate future technological growth.
It is important to bear in mind that the following mutually reinforcing parts, although inherently radical, are necessary to ensure the survival of not just our country, but also our planet.
(1) Tax relief for technological research and development institutions, focusing on aeronautics and space technology. A catalyst for immediate growth.
(2) Implementation of the Federal Bureau of Eugenics, responsibilities include guiding the evolution of man, leading to stable, more intelligent future generations.
(3) Research and development into chemical means to improve human intelligence.
(4) Increasing accuracy, payload, and construction speed of Probe Launched Ballistic Missiles (PLBM) and general increased research and development into space warfare technology.
(5) Research and development of satellite reconnaissance relays from Europa.
ANY financial resources required for the completion of the program directed by this decision must be derived from currently planned and approved Defense budget allocations.
Chapter 4

Pat turned off the floodlights. He'd seen the faces staring at him, not realizing until they surrounded him that he'd accidentally landed in someone’s backyard. Tossing away the thought, he continued south, now that he'd once again evaded the police.

◊◊◊

Sam Higgins lost his tongue, dumbfounded, staring at the beautiful woman on his front porch. He rubbed the back of his head. "Um, can I help you, miss…?"
She smiled cruelly. "Claire Waltz."
Sam stumbled backwards, as if she'd slapped him. "S-shit. Seriously?"
"Seriously, Mr.. Higgins."
"How did you find me–wait, h-how do you even know my name?"
Claire stepped inside without waiting for an invitation. "A little birdie called, said you've been spilling secrets about me, about our time at GenDec."
He shook his head. Why couldn't he have peace in his own home, for five minutes–that's all he wanted. "I-I mean–the FBE…" He faltered, unable take his eyes off her, although he couldn't look her in the eyes. She sounded relatively calm, but he felt that beneath her decorum she hid anger. Almost as if she wanted to kill him. Or maybe, he hoped, have sex with him. He also remembered her being blonde, and found himself alternating between staring at her knees and her hair, fighting for enough courage to make eye contact.
"Yes, your friend and I had a little chat. Agent Summers, if I recall correctly?"
Sam gulped and looked down to hide his bouncing throat. She had an intimidating gaze, leering at him as if he had the integrity of a daffodil that she intended to smash.
"I'm just here to catch up," she said. "And ask you a few simple questions about Pat Shane. Is that alright, Mr.. Higgins?"
He quivered beneath her, as if she stood three feet taller than him when in reality, she was a couple inches shorter than him. What she'd said sounded like a lie, but he couldn't just turn away Claire Waltz.
"Yeah, of course, I-I mean, yes, Miss Waltz. Come inside, please. Would you like something to Dr.ink?"
"Mr.. Higgins, call me Claire, and yes, thank you. My plane landed barely an hour ago."
She walked past him and sat on his living room couch that he knew must smell of sweat and sadness. Scurrying into the kitchen, he opened the fridge, pushed past the milk, and saw only recently purchased orange juice. He sighed and wished he had some alcohol to serve instead. "Miss, um, C-Claire?"
"Yes?"
"Is orange juice okay?"
"Have any liquor?"
"I'm sorry, I, uh, I just had a party. We finished the bottles I had last night. Some friends, you know, girls and stuff. It was super cool, you would've–"
"–Orange juice is fine, Mr.. Higgins," Claire said.
He walked back into the room with a single glass of orange juice and noticed her staring curiously at his Christmas decorations. He handed her the glass to take her focus off what was a bright, flashing sign of laziness and loneliness, but his stomach Dr.opped as he realized he'd forgotten to pour himself a glass. He hoped she wouldn't notice, but judging by her curiously amused glance now directed at him, she had.
"Yeah, it was cool," he continued. "If only you were here a day sooner… It was Christmas themed–you would've thought it was cool."
"Yeah, I bet," she said with either a hint of disappointment or disinterested sarcasm. He assumed the latter.
Sitting down, first next to her on the couch, then feeling awkward, he stood to absent-mindedly inspect a nearby chair–as if something was different about it and that's why he stood. He could tell that she was enjoying her visit at the socially inept virgin zoo and sighed. Story of his life.
"Do you have a place where I can hang my coat?" she asked, grinning coyly and standing, clearly wanting to egg on the animals.
"Coat? Uh, well. Here." He held out a hand. She handed him her coat, revealing her white skintight tank-top underneath. He looked at her then looked down. He didn't know what to do with himself–he didn't even own a coat rack. But it was Florida–no one had coat rack, and why was she even wearing a coat? It was seventy-five degrees out–perfect weather.
At a loss, he succumbed to tossing her coat over an unused sofa, then sat back down, blushing and hoping she wouldn't berate him.
"Thank you, Mr.. Higgins," she said, returning to her seat, leaning back and crossing her legs. The two sat in silence as she watched him curiously, and Sam couldn't believe how quickly his heart raced. He lacked the nerve to look at her, and he hadn't a single interesting thing to say. Besides, what was she waiting for? She was the one who called on him, yet she refused to speak–instead just watching him curiously. Finally, the silence got to him.
"How's your orange juice?" he asked.
She took a sip, slowly, carefully, letting the moment linger, then licked her lips. "Delicious, Mr.. Higgins. Thank you, you're very kind."
He choked out a laugh and scratched the back of his head. "Please, it was nothing." 
He laughed again quietly, staring at his lap.
Claire bent low, trying to catch his eyes. "Mr.. Higgins?"
"Yeah?"
"I have to say–you are one of the most hospitable men I've ever met." She smiled, put her fingers on her lips, then chuckled. "Was that too forward of me? I apologize, sometimes I just can't help myself." 
He watched her lower her gaze, as if embarrassed, and take a sip of orange juice. He turned beet red, and faced away from her in a miserable attempt to hide his cheeks. If she was playing him, which he knew she was, she was an evil genius.
"So Mr.. Higgins…"
"Yes?" he said, hoping for more compliments.
"About Pat Shane?"
"Yes?" he pried, still hoping.
She tapped her foot impatiently.
"Tell me about him."
"Oh yeah, sorry!" He rubbed his hands together. "Well, where to start?"
"Did he really kill a man?"
"Yes."
"And he tried to kill you too?"
"Yes."
"Do you know why, Mr.. Higgins?"
"He thought we were aliens."
She put down her glass. "What?"
"Oh yeah," he smiled, glad to have something to talk about. "He thinks the aliens are already here, posing as humans."
Her mouth Dr.opped slightly and her eyebrows raised.
"Does that seem like normal behavior to you, Mr.. Higgins?"
He laughed, and then stopped when he realized she thought him an idiot. "No, no not at all."
She smiled condescendingly. "Why does he think the aliens are already here, Mr.. Higgins?"
He noted hearing his name repeated, and it made him uncomfortable. "You can, um, well, y-you can call me Sam–if you want…"
"Okay. Sam, please. Why does he think the aliens–"
"Right, right! B-because he sees them. And it makes sense that they might be here. Nature of predators to spy on their prey, something like that. He's really the person you should be asking about this, not me."
"How do you know all of this if he kidnapped you?"
He was struck dumb, "I… well–"
"How kidnapped were you exactly, Sam?"
"I mean, well," Sam swallowed. "He tried to murder me!"
She kept staring, unsympathetic.
His eyes red, he finally made eye contact. "What do you want from me?"
"Your silence, Sam," she replied, her tone much darker.
He gulped. His mouth was Dr.y. "Are you going to kill me?"
She paused, then laughed, and after a moment he joined in, and they laughed together for a few seconds before she said merrily, "not unless I have to!" And she kept laughing and he followed, too afraid to stop.
She wiped her eyes, her smile fading instantly. "Yes, well, not unless I have to, Sam. Do you understand how serious I am?"
He nodded. He wanted her to either leave or have sex with him. He'd never been so conflicted. He thought about those bathroom stalls with the hole in the wall where guys stuck their junk and the girl on the other end would do stuff with it. He shook his head, but the thought lingered. How perfect would that be if he had one of those on his front door, and he could lock her out? Best of both worlds. He'd need a peephole with a better perspective though. 
He stopped the thought, his conscience kicking in. A woman was threatening to kill him and all he could think about was sex. He considered how his panicked mind had reacted earlier, to the threat of Pat, and how it reacted now, and realized that he had absolutely no useful survival instinct, and toyed with the thought that he probably deserved to die. He'd need to improve his instincts somehow, clearly he'd inherited his from his parents.
He shuffled awkwardly and crossed his legs, and hoped she hadn't and wouldn't lower her gaze to the crotch of his pants.
"I'm sorry," he said.
"What?"
"N-nothing. Um, my cheeks are red from my rosacea."
"That's fascinating, Sam. I don't want you talking to anyone about what happened at the Centre. Are we clear?"
"C-crystal."
"Speak up."
"Um. Crystal clear."
"Good."
She took a sip of her orange juice, and he thought it was odd that, in a week's time, he'd wanted to sprint screaming from his home twice.
She put her empty glass back on the table and licked her lips. "Thank you, Sam, you've been more than kind."
He nodded, but was too afraid to stand–for multiple reasons. He wished his chair had wheels or could fly so he could zoom out of his living room without having to stand, out from underneath her thousand pound gaze.
He scratched his head. "So uh, what have you been up to?"
"Kicking ass and taking names. You?"
"A-about the same. Good times." He smiled. She smiled back.
"Well, I have to get going," she said, standing up.
He followed–in the clear now. "Um, aside from the death threats, it was really nice seeing you again, Claire."
He said it genuinely, and she turned and gave him what looked like the first genuine smile of the day. "Yes. It was good, wasn't it? Take care, Sam."
"You too." He went in for a kiss on the cheek, but she turned quicker than he moved, so he brushed back his hair instead, playing it off in one less-than-smooth motion.
Claire pulled open the door to leave, Sam right behind her, and as the daylight hit their faces they simultaneously gasped at the tall figure approaching the doorway.
"That's a hell of a way to greet an old friend," said Pat Shane.

◊◊◊

The son shall not be by the sins of the father. The soul that sins, it shall die. The mercy of the righteous shall be upon him, and the treachery of the wicked shall be his alone to bear. 
(Ezekiel 18:20)

Agent Summers read this twice more. 
The Genetic Decontamination Centre had this passage written with gold lettering in the stone tympanum above the door, within the arch of the entrance, and Summers couldn't understand why, but as he read it, chills electrified his skin, and he rubbed down the hairs on his arms. 
So this was GenDec. 
Seemed like just the place where a blood-curling scream could erupt at any moment–and he was on constant alert, as if walking through a deserted chapel in the heart of the woods, at night of course.
Summers pulled open the large door with the sound of the buzzer and entered. He glanced around. It felt like walking through a stone air vent. As he traversed the halls, he felt almost surprised at the lack of screaming. The countless fan blades must’ve muffled them, he thought.
He approached the door he'd been looking for. Upon its frosted glass window were engraved the words PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE. Daniel Berry insisted on likening to himself to a principal, and his facility a school, but Summers thought WARDEN'S OFFICE would have been more apt.
The secretary glanced up from her nails, and recognizing Summers immediately, buzzed him through. As he opened the door, Berry stood from behind his desk. Summers couldn't help smirking at the PRINCIPAL DANIEL BERRY nameplate sitting upon the smooth top, large and prominent. 
You aren't fooling anyone, Summers thought. Well, on second thought, he was. 
The two men approached and shook hands, with white-lipped grins and condescending eyes.
"The FBE, eh?" Berry said in a fat, jolly manner, "here with another lesson on morality and ethics, I presume?" He chuckled. Summers frowned.
"Not today. I'm here concerning Pat Shane. We need to grasp his psyche before we can determine the most appropriate steps."
Berry nodded. "Mmhmm. So the innocent son of a murderer gets castrated without a second thought, as long as he's idiotic, of course, while a cold-blooded murderer gets a chance at a normal life because he was blessed with brains. And the FBE complains that we're the unethical ones." Berry laughed, then wiped imaginary tears from his eyes. "Doesn't that just tickle you, Agent?"
"As I said, I'm not here concerning the ethics of our organizations. I'm here concerning Pat Shane, and that's all."
"Alright then, point taken. Now, how can I help?"
"I'd like to see exactly what you do here."
"Agent Summers, what do you think we do? We're a school! We teach, of course!"
Summers glared, and considered the ethical implications of a swift right hook to the condescending prick's jaw. He clenched his fist as he spoke. "With electroshock therapy and food depravation, so I've been told."
"Agent Summers–can I call you Chris?"
"No."
"I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news Chris, but what your FBE refuses to believe is that our methods work. You'd be out of a job if they would just admit it! As questionably ethical as it is to use such negative reinforcement techniques–and don't think for a second that I don't realize it–at least we're saving lives. HunDr.eds of lives! We give the kids a chance to not hinder society, and we don't predetermine their fate before they've had a chance to act. Did you by chance read the passage on the archway?"
"Yes, I did. I'd like to see your methods in action."
"That won't be a problem." Berry pressed his intercom. "SanDr.a?" 
The secretary buzzed back. "Yes, Mr.. Berry?" 
"Could you call Michael to my office, please?" 
"No problem, Mr.. Berry."
Berry turned to Summers. "Michael is a good kid, one of our crowning achievements. He'll give you a tour, and answer any questions that you might have."
Summers nodded and looked around Berry's office. A large file cabinet sat behind the desk, and above it hung a framed portrait of Berry, looking off to the right and holding his chin, an obvious attempt to look wise and introspective. The real Berry was much larger around the waist than his portrait counterpart, and Summers thought it amusing that he'd keep it where a curious eye would immediately notice the weight and posture difference. 
Why wouldn't he keep the portrait in the hallway? On second thought, Summers realized, there were no portraits in the hallway. Was it because the kids would tear them down? 
A moment later, a skinny sixteen-year-old boy with sunken eyes and a constant, slight quiver entered the office with a knock. As he entered, the boy was laden by Berry's heavy arm across his shoulders, and Summers noticed it wasn't as much gesture of warmth as it was of possession. This is my timid, broken, skinny kid, Berry's arm implied.
"Agent Summers, this is Michael, one of our best young minds. Michael, if you wouldn't mind giving the agent here a tour of the school?"
"Sir, n-not a problem, sir. Sir–" he turned to Summers, but before he continued, his gaze Dr.opped. Summers followed it, and noted that it rested on his gun, if only for a second. The boy continued, "–If you w-wouldn't mind too much coming with me?"
Summers nodded. "Lead the way." 
"Don't let the agent have too much fun, m'boy!" Berry called out as they left. "We can't have everyone signing up to live here, now can we?"
At that moment, Summers lunged at him and punched him swiftly across the jaw, knocking out all his teeth as Michael cheered. Then Summers returned to reality, where Berry remained standing boastfully, and sighed. If only.

The office door shut behind them as Summers followed Michael through the stone hallways. They advanced wordlessly, and Summers took note of Michael's gray jumpsuit.
He followed Michael through the empty lunchroom, imagining what had happened here with Waltz and Shane those years ago. Silence, shock, laughter, and shame seemed to stick to the spotless walls like plaster. He adjusted his sports jacket and looked curiously around the room.
"Why aren't you in class?" he asked. Michael ignored the question, steadfast in his quick pace, and to keep up Summers had to lightly jog. They passed tall, elevator-like doors, but Michael didn't offer an explanation or even slow down. He just kept glancing left and right nervously, as if something might pounce from the walls.
They abruptly turned a corner and Michael stopped walking. Summers stopped as well. They were in an empty east/west hallway, a cross between two north and south sections. No doors or windows in sight–they were completely surrounded by choking gray cement.
He was about to speak, ask Michael why he was rushing around and not giving him a tour in the slightest. But as he opened his mouth, Michael suddenly lunged forward and grabbed him by his shirt. Summers stepped back, but didn't defend himself. The boy was frail, he could handle it, and he had to see this. The true psyche of GenDec's kids.
"You gotta get me out of here please!" Michael cried.
"What?"
"Please! Do whatever you have to, please! I can't take any more therapy!"
Summers grasped the boy's thin wrists and pried him gently off his shirt. "I'll see what I can do. Help me Michael. What can you tell me about this place? What do they do to you?"
Michael stepped back, holding his head in his hands. He shook back and forth, glancing all around. "They break you. They hook nodes up to your head, show you videos, shock you for no reason! For no reason you get no food." 
He made eye contact with Summers for the first time. "I didn't do anything!"
"It's not about that–"
"I didn't do anything! What did I do?"
"Nothing. Listen, I know."
"Why am I here?"
Summers shook his head. "Why are you here?"
"I don't understand."
"They didn't tell you? Listen, your father or someone in your family committed a crime, that's why. It's not your fault."
Tears made Michael's eyes red. "So punish them. Shock them. Not me, please, not me."
"I'm sorry, Michael."
"Sorry?" said Michael, glancing up with red-brimmed eyes, eyebrows heavy with fury. The kid reminded Summers not of a predator, not a warrior, but of a neglected bird, backed into the corner of its cage, lashing out at any hand that enters not out of spite but fear.
Again he charged Summers, who stepped backwards, thinking that this whole situation was completely absurd, and once again he shoved Michael off him. He fell hard, and Summers was shaken. "The hell, kid. You can't just attack people–oh."
Sitting on the ground, Michael looked at his hands, where he now held a gun. Summers checked his holster–the gun that Michael grabbed was his. Summers felt his heart begin to race.
"Michael. Easy, Michael. What are you doing?"
Michael played with the gun, absent-mindedly assessing the weight of the cold metal in his hands. "They tell us to treat others better than ourselves. They say do not unto others."
"Michael, give me back my gun."
Ignoring him, the boy continued rambling. "Good. I get it now. I bet this facility will receive a lot of bad press because of this–you, you'll tell them about me, won't you?"
Summers approached cautiously and crouched, holding out his hand, keeping it steady, as if reaching off a boat for a Dr.owning man. "Give me back my gun, Michael. It's okay, I promise, it's really okay. Just give me back the gun."
Michael lifted the gun to his skull, finger clutching the trigger. "Is this how you do it?"
Summers shouted. "No! No, Michael, if you shoot yourself nothing will happen except you'll be dead." He felt his panic rising. At least the safety was on, or he hoped. "You think this place will tell the world that you killed yourself?" He glanced at the school bells on the walls and wondered when class got out. Anger bubbled deep inside him. How could they let kids get to this point?
Michael lowered the barrel of the gun to his chest. "Will it hurt through my heart? I don't want any more pain."
Summers reached forward further, wondering if he could just snatch it. He wasn't completely certain that Michael hadn't already flipped the safety, and didn't want to risk it. "No more pain, Michael, listen, I promise. Look at me, look at me. I promise."
Michael lifted his head, tears in his eyes. Summers continued. "Please Michael–give me back the gun. It's okay, I promise it's okay. I can get you out of here. I work for the government. Government agents can't lie, it's illegal. Put down the gun and I'll take you out of here right now."
Michael lifted the gun, pointing it up, underneath his chin. "I'm scared. Do you know? I don't want any more pain."
"Michael, I can have you out of here right now, if you just hand me the gun. No problem, look at me." Michael locked eyes with Summers, seemingly considering his words. Summers continued. "Do I look like a liar to you?"
His consideration only lasted a moment apparently. "I don't want any more pain," Michael said, then turned the gun to the side and flicked off the safety. Summers wondered how he knew to do that and cursed silently that he hadn't snatched the gun earlier.
"Two seconds, Michael. That's how long it will take me to get you out of here. I promise."
Michael blinked. "I'm sorry mister. This will save the rest of them. This will save everyone else. I'll be a hero. For the good of man, of course."
Like an explosion in his chest, the school bells suddenly erupted, impossibly loud. Summers practically left his socks as he jumped. Doors slid open, and kids began swarming the hallways.
He recovered. "Michael, don't–"
Too late. The gunshot rang out, echoing through the hallways, muffled by countless footsteps. Blood clashed with stone, spraying onto Summers’ jacket and face. He froze, shocked.
A stampede of footsteps bounced from all directions–he was surrounded by hunDr.eds of silent, stunned faces, staring at the agent and the gore. Someone screamed.
"Get the principal now," Summers yelled.
Nobody acknowledged him. Just screaming.
"Get the principal NOW!"

"What the fuck happened, Agent?"
Berry was livid, pacing inside his office. Thirty minutes after the affair, after the cleanup, after the shock–Summers watched the principal attempt to compensate.
"He grabbed my gun," Summers said. Berry turned, red-faced, blood vessel pulsing on his forehead.
"Why the fuck would you bring a gun in here?"
"Same reason I bring a gun everywhere," Summers said, his temper rising. "What exactly are you doing to the kids here? Apparently something even worse than torture."
"Therapy," Berry replied.
"Different sides of the same coin to you."
"Don't you dare preach to me about what's ethical and what isn't. What we do to them, at least they can recover from!"
"Physically, maybe. Mentally–apparently not."
Berry slammed a hand down on his desk, then took a deep breath. "Okay. Please, Agent–what happens now?"
"A lot happens now. I need to report this. The bureau is going to need to follow up with every single person you've released. That boy was in pain, Berry. Who knows how many other tortured souls you've released?"
"That was an isolated incident."
"Is his 'therapy' different from anyone else's?–Wait, let me answer that. No. It's probably more mild, considering the high esteem you had for the boy not a few hours ago."
Berry put his hands on his temples. "You're going to get the FBE involved."
"I don't see what other options I have."
"Okay then, Agent. Then there's nothing more for us to say. I trust you remember your way out?"
Summers didn't reply. Fuming, he turned and left, leaving his gun on the principal’s desk. He didn't want to look at it.

END OF THE HARBINGER BREAK SAMPLE

If you would like to continue reading, the full version of The Harbinger Break is available as an eBook and in paperback.

Amazon: http://amzn.com/B00K0SB4QG

In an alternate year 2017, the United States is a wobbling domino fronting the chain to dystopian collapse–where fear makes rational men irrational, paranoia pits blood against blood, and desperation turns black streets red. The sky is a static harbinger, and the missile or mothership that will herald the end can, at any moment, break. This is the end that both Chris Summers and Pat Shane–two men from opposite sides of the law–hope to avoid. It began thirty-eight years prior, when NASA discovered a vastly superior alien settlement thriving on Jupiter's moon Europa. Since then, the Earth has made countless attempts at contact... but the aliens remain dead silent. Two theories of 'why' pervade everyday life: Either they’re indifferent towards humanity... or they plan to attack. Pat Shane, the possibly delusional yet remarkably intelligent Dr.ifter, is certain, however, of a third: Not only are the aliens already here–but they have been for decades. And he will do whatever it takes to uncover them, no matter how many innocents he buries along the way. An endeavor that Chris Summers, a special agent with the Federal Bureau of Eugenics, knows is immoral, dangerous, and insane–and for the sake of human life, Pat Shane must die.

Amazon: http://amzn.com/B00K0SB4QG

"What I love about the book is that it’s not a story about them (aliens), it’s a story about us and the conflicts of a new world. A world who faces dangers coming from far away, from a far better prepared civilization. It’s the dilemma of the man put face to face with a situation which he has no exit but to act, one way or another. It’s the blood, tears and sweat of those willing to die or kill for their country and a passion for survival. The Harbinger Break exposes the fears, beliefs and primal instincts of the human."
- Jane Kelsey

About Zachary Adams

Zachary Adams, while sitting in his rose velour armchair in his parlor with a highball and a wine flavored Black and Mild, listens to the heavy patter of rain as he dictates this bio to two French former nurses who fret about his Dr.inking and hypertension. Wearing his faux-velvet smokers jacket from a Hugh Hefner Halloween costume, Zachary stares into his 22 inch flatscreen smart TV currently simulating a fireplace and contemplates his degree from the University of Central Florida, where he double-majored in Parapsychology and Eschatology. He enjoys eating fast-food and hates when people try to enter an elevator before the people inside have had a chance to leave. 
He is the author of the Amazon Kindle #9 Best Seller for free Post-Apocalyptic Science Fiction, The Harbinger Break.

Zachary's Website: http://www.writerzachadams.com/

Zachary's GooDr.eads: https://www.gooDr.eads.com/author/show/8184687.Zachary_Adams

Zachary's Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/writerzachadams

Zachary's Twitter: https://twitter.com/WriterZachAdams
