“Kraken Orbital”
By James J Stubbs
For Dad and For Logic
“The Kraken Class” © 
James J Stubbs.
Copyright James Stubbs 2014
This is a work of fiction. Any similarities to characters, events or organizations are purely coincidental. 

Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter 1
Prologue                                                                                                                                         
Part 1
I don’t even remember hitting the ground. I remember the hyper drive cutting out and I remember the jet engines failing as I tried to land this old crate. But I don’t remember the damn thing hitting the surface of the planet. I suppose that’s what I get for stealing it in the first place. But I just couldn’t work for those jerks for another second. 
I open my eyes to be met with a belting headache. One so bad  it feels like I’ve been out on the drink last night, and I’ve had a very good time. Shame that isn’t true. I’m starting to wish this had all been a dream. My back hurts like I’ve snapped every one of my vertebrae on the way to the floor and all of my muscles are burning in pain.
I can’t even hear myself think with these blaring alarms going off either. If it hadn’t been for the sprinkler system though I don’t think I’d have woken up at all. I’d have burned to death instead. My face is soaking, so is my armor, and I can feel the puddles of water rising up around me. The water is cool and welcome though. It helps to dull the searing pain a little and it wakes me up faster. I wish I could just lay here a while and try to pull my head back together. But I need to get out of this burning rig.
‘Where are your fire extinguisher systems?’ The voice is alien to me. Who said that? I came here alone. There was no one on board before I took it. I checked more than a dozen times. I try to open my mouth to talk but the numbing pain stops me dead. I scream instead.
‘I said where are your fire extinguisher systems?’ The voice was more desperate and demanding. I battle the rising pain in my arm, since I can’t even open my jaw to talk, and point vaguely at the centre console in front of me.
The bridge of my stolen rig is pretty basic. I should have been in the pilot’s chair when I saw the warning signs of a crash but how was I supposed to know? The room is finished in hard black metal. I can see the shutters down over the window ahead. The only light swamping the place is from those incessantly flaring red warning lights mounted to the ceiling. There are some consoles to the left and right, but I don’t even know what they’re for. Just dials and switches that I didn’t even try to use.
I just point hopefully to the one up front, mounted just before the pilot’s chair, that has its own hollowed out space up front and down a little step. 
I try to sit up and take a look around for whoever my would be savior is. My back has none of it though! I can hear the snap even through my armor. The pain is excruciating and I can only whimper here on the floor!
Maybe I shouldn’t have come here. Maybe I should have thought twice before going off the rails and stealing from my employers. I should have listened to my Dad, or at least to what I thought he would have said. I should have handed my notice in like a good boy, worked my follow up weeks too. But I wanted to stick it to them so badly. 
I can’t move at all! I’m starting to panic too! My body is sweating profusely and I can feel constant shivers going up and down my spine. At least I can feel something. That’s a relief at least. I can roll my head too. That’s good. It takes a while for my eyes to catch up with whatever direction my head is looking in and my vision is still blurred beyond any kind of clarity. But at least I can see.
The waves of red light swamping the room suddenly stop and the incessant ear destroying howls of the alarm stop with it. The main light comes back on. It’s blinding, white and clear, but I’m glad of it. I hadn’t come all this way just to burn to death like that!
His face appears above my head. If I could have jumped at the sight of him, given my current disabled state, I surely would have. He has a gas mask on and I can only just make out his wide and bloodshot eyes behind the two glass covered holes carved in the black face cover. The only other feature of the mask that sticks out is the snout shaped breathing apparatus below his red eyes. 
He stares at me without saying anything. He doesn’t even blink. He has a rifle on him. It looks old. Really old. I study it only briefly through my fading eyes. It looks like an antique. It’s a projectile cartridge weapon and there’s not even a laser based bolt attachment welded on it to speak of. I didn’t think anyone left in the whole galaxy used those things? 
I wish I could talk to him and ask him what it was but I still can’t even move my jaw. His gun isn’t the only thing that looks old. His uniform does too. He has a disgusting brown colored leather overall on. It is fastened around his waist by a thick belt. His trousers are all black, baggy, and he has some kind of orange colored emblem on his shoulder that I don’t recognize. The leather of his apron is cracked and frayed with time worn service.
As I slowly come to, I figure I’ll give talking another shot. I manage to open my mouth this time, still laid out on the floor in pain, with this crazed looking guy hovering silently over me. 
‘Take off your mask.’ I demand through my veiled, croaky and shaken voice. The man reaches down and grabs my shoulders tight. He lifts me to my feet with ease. He must be insanely strong. It didn’t hurt me as much as I thought it might though. I can feel a little more with each heavy heartbeat. I can feel some strength on my feet and try to stand on my own. I’m uneasy at first, and my odd looking savoir makes sure I stay upright. He keeps tight hold of my shoulders. So tight that it hurts. Nothing to how my shattered back feels though.
‘I’m afraid it’s stuck on. Welded on in fact by a deadly fire that spread through my ship.’ My savior begins to explain and entrusts me with my own weight. I’m amazed that I can stand but I need to shake it off anyway. I’m just glad I’m alive and I’m glad I’m not laid out there on the floor paralyzed with no hope of rescue. My head is swimming, I can barely focus, and my eyes still aren’t right. He continues:
‘So I’m afraid I can’t take it off.’ 
I can’t put my finger on his accent. He’s definitely from Earth. He’s human for sure but I can’t think where he is from. It sounded Eastern, his accent, maybe Russian or one of the former states of the old Soviet Union. I feel sick. I must have had one hell of a blow to the head. I probably have some concussion. I still feel wasted. Like I have a hangover that won’t pass.
‘You look terrible.’ My savior says through his muffling gas mask. Even through my fuzzy head I can’t resist a stab at him.
‘Look who’s talking pal.’ I mock him insensitively. I should probably have thanked him. Not in my nature though. I can stand just fine now at least. My back is still burning but I don’t think I’ve broken anything. I think I can walk. I’m still confused though. I can’t even remember what part of the planet I was heading for when I crashed. It all happened so fast. One alarm started blasting, and some warning message told me I hadn’t taken proper landing precautions. Then another warning message saying hyper drive not disengaged at the correct time. I wish I had listened more in the emergency drills.
‘Let’s get out of here.’ My savior tells me and puts a firm palm back over my brittle and injured shoulder. He was kind though. He could have left me to it. 
‘Where are we?’ I manage to ask but he doesn’t reply. He just bulldozes over my question.
‘I need your card to access the doors.’ He demands and looks me coldly in the eyes. He’s well spoken. I don’t know why I notice that. He hangs on every word. Was it his accent or his tenuous grasp of the English language? I can’t get my hand in my uniform pocket. It’s throbbing like I just punched a wall after too much beer. I glance down to see fresh blood pouring out of the knuckles. I must have hit it hard on the way down. I hadn’t even noticed. 
He must have seen me try. He stuffs his hand deep into my pocket without asking if it was ok or not. I’m not offended though. He has a more gentle touch than some of the bosses back at work do. Those guys would beat you across the head just for looking at them out of the wrong eye. He brings his hand back out with my card in tow.
He has half dragged me over to the sealed door at the back of the tiny bridge. There isn’t even enough space to swing a cat in here. Just the consoles, the Captain’s chair and the pilot station at the front. The bridge is sealed with a massive black blast door. There is a turning lock in the centre that activates automatically when you hold the card up to a sensor on the left hand side. I point to it. I can’t manage another word just yet. Not till I get my breath back again at least. He holds the card up and the door shunts into life. I didn’t think it was that loud before! The turning lock starts spinning and sparks light up the room. It must have been damaged but it eventually slides open from the join in the middle.
The shock hit’s me as soon as the door opens. The whole bridge has been ejected from my rig and has landed alone in a sandy desert. The burning light from this world’s sun hits my bloodshot and tired eyes immediately. It’s even amplified by the reflection from the brightly colored virgin sand. As soon as the insensitive light wipes over my eyes I can start to see my rig burning in the distance. I can see the enormous five storey high metal frame sinking tragically into the soft sand. The drilling platform at the top is bent and snapped almost clean in half. The drill bit itself, or the shaft that is visible, is bent too. There go all of my plans in one sickening screen shot.
The design of the thing isn’t too far removed from old oil rigs from back on Earth. It had just been mounted to an orbital frame, had a hyper drive slammed into the bottom, and that turned it into a makeshift space ship. The hyper drive had already sunk below the soft dunes. The searing heat starts burning my broken body as soon as it powers through the deep layers of my armored uniform. I start to sweat profusely again.
‘What is your name?’ My accomplice asks.
‘Sam.’ I manage a short reply. ‘Sam Parker.’ I introduce myself reluctantly as I feel my dreams slip away as I gaze longingly at my stolen rig.
‘I am Private Kolter Gespenst.’ He announces proudly. ‘My friends all call me Kolt. More that they used to.’ I pondered what he might mean by “used to” but not for long. I can feel my concentration going again. I can feel my eyeballs slip back into my skull and a numbing sensation spread all over my head. I’m passing out again.
Chapter 2
Private Kolter
I can feel the cold compress on my forehead long before I have the strength to open my weary eyes. I don’t want to think about it. I know when I do open them that I’ll just see my rig burning and a stretch of insurmountable desert lying in front of me. I’m not even sure I can do it. I’m not sure I even want to try and survive. My future was that stolen rig.
I had to steal it. I had to. I couldn’t work for them anymore. I’m not sure why that company gets away with what it does. I suppose the rules of law mean little to those writing them. The bosses there were nothing more than security guards who just keep you trapped and afraid. They sold it though. They really did. 
They sold us all a thought of having a good life, a regular pay check, three hot meals a day and a warm bed to sleep in every night. I should have listened to my Dad. He warned me about going off world and working on the mines. He has always had that often irritating logic to him. He has foresight. Something I admit I lack. He can figure something out for what it is long before the reality hits. He knew they were trouble just by glancing at them. Just by the poster!
The reality was nothing like the dream they sold us. They treat us like crap every day and they got away with it every time. They made me feel stupid, made me look a jerk in front of my friends if ever I missed a quota, and lorded it over us every chance they got. I’m not sure where that culture came from, or how it turned what was probably once a decent little mining company into a living nightmare. I wished so hard I had just joined the Army. Another idea of mine that Dad put me off. But at least in the Army I might have been able to get outside more. See some action maybe. Save some beautiful women one day. That must be the concussion settling in…
Those jerks though. They kept us cooked up onboard the rigs for months and months at a stretch. Only a small cafeteria to eat in. No games room like on the poster either. No holo-vision like they promised and one huge shared dorm. A far cry from the luxury they sold us. The beds were barely big enough to sleep in. Not even close to being ample enough to get a full stretch or a good night’s sleep. But then we were expected to jump out on command and start hoofing another million cubic ton of stone out of a cramped mine.
I don’t even want to think about the food they served either. Nothing like the Four Star Michelin chef they advertised. Made me sick to my stomach every damn day. Genuinely ill.
I bet I got all of my friends in trouble though. They made us all feel like worms. The company, somewhere out there, are probably taking what I did out on my sector. And for that, and that alone, I’m truly sorry. I hoped to inspire rebellion in what I did. I dared to hope some of the guys might have had the balls to have come with me. To go it alone and keep pushing no matter how hard the going got. We could have been the captains of our own ship’s. We could have made it on our own or died. Yes, died.
But I guess it was only me. Only I wanted out so bad. Is that it? I don’t think, no I’m certain, that I wasn’t the only one feeling that badly about them. The guys used to complain and complain until the sun or star of whatever word we were raping clean rose up. I think most of them had just accepted their lot. I think they just gave up. Maybe they cracked their spirits and broke them.
I don’t know. I guess it doesn’t matter anymore either. I can hear Kolt rummaging around beside me. I should really snap out of it and see if there’s anything I can do. I owe the scary son of a bitch that much at least.
I open my eyes with a few long drawn out blinks. The shade helps as I force them open. Kolt must have used water from the sprinkler system to soak a cold compress for my battered head. It feels good. The cool of the towel is helping to take the edge off the numbing pain in my head. I shuffle just a little. Kolt has his back to me and I can’t see what he’s doing. I’m glad of the moment to get my thoughts together and start adjusting to my new surroundings.
My new reality in fact. My head is spinning and I’m starting to feel sick. I’ve been in enough fights to know just how a mild concussion feels. This is one of the worst I’ve had to endure though. I can keep it together though. Just as well. We are nowhere near help. I can’t even think of the nearest inhabited star system.
We’re still inside. I’m immensely grateful of that. Kolt has closed the blast door and kept the shutters down over the windows. We’re still in the jettisoned bridge of the rig. Out on the sand somewhere on this planet, I have to admit, I know precious nothing about.
‘You are awake?’ Kolt turns with his leather apron creaking as he sways. He places a rising intonation at the end of the statement. It makes it sound like a question but maybe he meant it that way. His grasp of the English language makes me laugh. It’s a little cruel of me though. He has just saved me after all.
‘Yeah.’ I can talk a lot better now. That cold compress must be doing me the word of good. ‘I feel like death, Kolt.’ I can just about sit up. My back is making all sorts of protesting scrapes and cracking noises but I can do it. I let out a sigh of relief once my head is securely and firmly clasped in my hands. I push the compress hard into my forehead and squeeze a little water into my mouth as it dribbles down my battered and bruised face. I suppose I better be polite to this guy. He did save my life.
I glance up to start talking to him and catch a glimpse of his eyes again. I can barely meet them. They are cold, red and bloodshot, and he doesn’t seem to know how to stop staring. He has no emotion in them. It’s like they’re frozen or something. Locked in one moment. I turn away but push myself to make the effort.
‘Look…’ I begin. I’ve always been funny at expressing any kind of emotion. Gratitude especially. Maybe I had it beaten out of me years ago at work. ‘I never said thanks for…’ He didn’t let me finish.
‘There is no problem.’ I know what he means. But I use his tenuous grasp of my language to start a conversation.
‘I think we might have a few problems Kolt.’ I even manage a snigger. I thought, when I looked over to him once more, that my jibe might have confused him. But he doesn’t, still, manage any other facial expression than those frozen stiff eyes.
‘That is not what I meant.’ He didn’t seem amused at all.
‘It’s just a joke, relax.’ I urge him, trying to put the fire out before it can extend into an argument. I gesture forward with one hand, sort of like a submissive wave, and he looks as though he accepts it. He backs off a touch.
‘Thanks.’ I say again, hoping that it might be able to backtrack the conversation to a point where we were both a little more comfortable. I wish I could see his face. I can’t read him. I try again to engage him, ‘Where are you from Kolt.’ I’m not talkative. Frankly I like my own company and I’m never too interested in making new friends. They just cloud and clutter my already unbearable life. But I’m beginning to sense that I’m going to be the driver of the relationship between myself and this guy. 
Maybe I’m judging that a little early. Maybe I should just give him a chance. 
‘Russia.’ He replies, proudly, and with an elevated voice. I think he might be smiling. But I wouldn’t put a year’s wage of sweet nothing on it. I’m just glad he said something. This guy has me on edge. I have to admit he is freaking me out. It’s his eyes.
‘Which one?’ I ask him to confirm. I’m just trying to hold down a decent conversation with him through my throbbing head.
‘The first, and only.’ He replies even prouder still. 
That means he’s from Earth and not one of the colonies.
The colonies sprung up almost spasmodically after the invention of hyper drive only about two hundred years ago. I almost don’t want to say.
‘I’m not from Earth.’ I tell him. For reasons that don’t matter for anything anymore, the emergence of colonies, just like in the Imperial age back on Earth, caused wars. Independence wars, power hungry wars and wars over resources. Those times became known collectively as the “Colony Wars”. Some of the silly prejudices those wars created lingered on. A lot of Earth people still hate colonists.
‘An enemy yesterday becomes a friend today.’ Kolt answers. I wish he would just stop staring at me. Those eyes of his. It feels like they’re piercing right through my skull and spooning my thoughts out of my brain before they even occur to me. I’m surprised by his answer though. Usually I get spat at. But I guess, out here, we are both alone. Forced together. I think we both know that we have more chance of staying alive if we stay together. I sense Kolt doesn’t want our different backgrounds to drive a stake between our fledgling friendship. He turns back to whatever it was he was doing before.
‘How did you end up here?’ I ask him. I, with a huge amount of effort, lift my broken body up and onto my feet. My armor starts to creak and groan but I’m very glad of it. There is no telling how much worse my injuries might have been had I not been wearing it. I stand to another chorus of cracks from my shocked vertebrae. I sigh with pain but it’s duller and a lot more comfortable than I had been expecting. My head is starting to clear too.
‘I don’t know.’ He replies and turns back to glance at me but only momentarily. That was odd. How can he not know? I should ask him. But I daren’t. ‘I administered as many painkillers as I though you could handle.’ He continues without dwelling on the first comment. That explains why I’m not bent over double.
I glance quickly down at my red but heavily scuffed armor. I bend my arms every way I can and listen to bones and sinew crack and twist back into place. This armor used to belong to a guard at my work. I stole that too. No surprise. I needed a disguise. The material is made from flexible polymer. It has a plastic feel to it but a tougher, hardened outer shell. I tap it gently with my bleeding knuckles. It feels ok. I can move really well in it and it dries quickly too. I remember sweating my ass off when I came too before. Now I’m bone dry. Looks like I chose well. This armor should be perfect for when we have to traipse through the barren desert before us. 
‘Thanks.’ I say again. I don’t know why this guy has me so freaked. Usually I’m not afraid of a fight. He just has me spooked. He has a way about him that I find a little unsettling at best. Maybe I’m just suffering more than I thought from the hard hit to my head. The concussion might be clouding my judgment. Maybe I’m judging the poor guy a little too early.
‘How come you don’t remember how you got here?’ I walk over to him. More of a stumbling pace. To Hell with it I figure. I nearly died a few hours ago when I planted my rig into the sand. Why would he go ape on me after saving me anyway? I’m still nervous to ask though.
‘If I knew the reason why I do not remember, then I would not have lost my memory, would you agree Sam?’ If it had been anyone else other than Kolt, I would have thought that was a joke. But his fixed eyes give nothing away.
‘Right.’ I relent. ‘Call me Parker.’ I don’t add any reason. Why bother? I just prefer my surname. Maybe I’m just so used to hearing the guards bark it before slapping me upside the head for the fifth time in any day. Those painkillers must be working a treat. I’m even getting a nice, subtle, but nice buzz from them. It’s making me feel good. I’m starting to feel more like myself again.
‘I remember the fire.’ He added. His voice tone changes, though not his cold, hard, and fearsome stare. He sounds reflective and sullen though even that is difficult to gauge behind the muffling effect of his mask. I’m sure he is staring into the distance, searching his fragmented memory, but those gruesome eyes are impossible to focus on.
He must have meant the fire that welded his mask onto his suit. And right into his skin too. 
‘Was that on your ship?’ I pry further but don’t move any closer to him. He stands and squares up to me. He doesn’t look threatening but his body language is a little invasive and he seems to be on the offensive.
‘I think so, Parker. But I do not remember crashing.’ His voice trails off into the abyss of his lost memory. ‘I remember walking. A great distance. And then seeing you out here in the desert.’ He said nothing more. His eyes are vacant and the repetitiveness of his breathing through that mask is making me sea sick.
‘So you didn’t crash that long ago?’ I ask him and back off. I’m not feeling threatened by him anymore. Even though I should be. I wander over to the console on the right of the tiny bridge-come escape pod. The polished surface, matted black in color, gives me my first glimpse of my face in what feels like years. My beard has grown out of control. I look like a wild hermit. Blood is matted right through my blonde hair. I definitely need to get that cut too. It’s longer than most women’s. My face is battered and bruised too. I’ve only just noticed how aged I look. My face has the first signs of wrinkles on it with crow’s feet around my eyes and cavities in my cheeks when I force a smile. At least I think that’s what a smile looks like. It’s been a long time since someone put one of those on my face. So long ago that I’m not sure what face to make when asked to smile.
Kolt thought for a moment. ‘It can’t have been no.’ He finally decided. ‘I have walked for a long time. The days have melted together as one and I have not kept a record.’ I was going to have to fill in the gaps later. He had saved me but clearly had his own problems to work through. One thing was for sure though. We needed to get out of this place and try to find some way of getting rescued.
Kolt must have thought the same. He has loaded up a bunch of supplies and has collected a lot of water from the sprinkler system that saved my life and the bridge itself from fire. He’s resourceful. I’d never have thought of that. I remember lying in pools of water when I first came to. They’ve gone now. He must have soaked it all up using that cold compress. Then rung it dry, squeezing the water into bottles, all with his bare hands while I was unconscious.
‘What time is it?’ I ask him. 
‘I’m not certain.’ But he is ready to go. He lifts the sizeable backpack of supplies onto his shoulders and stands waiting for me by the heavy blast doors that lead to the outside world. I don’t even know where he’s thinking of going. I don’t know even why he has been walking for so long.
‘Night has fallen. That is the best time for us to make a start on our journey.’ He says while waiting for me patiently by the door. I didn’t notice how tall he was before. It was hard to tell from where I was laid out on the floor. He reaches an impressive eight foot at least. He isn’t wearing armor either. I can see his muscles through that silly uniform of his. He is built like a formidable tank. I hope I never end up on the wrong side of him.
‘Where are we going?’ I ask him and pace gently over to the door. My hand falls naturally into my pocket. I’m looking for the key card that I used before. It’s not there. We had been planning to get out right after the fire was doused but me passing out put a swift stop to that.
‘I have it.’ Kolt says, remembering himself, and takes it from a pocket concealed behind his caked leather apron. ‘I remember that my ship has communication technology on it.’ He answers my question and holds the card to the instrument panel. It beeps irregularly and the door twists into life. It is still broken. It squeals and sparks fly but it gradually begins to open with a horrible grinding sound.
‘Then why didn’t you use it to call for help yourself?’ I ask him without calculating my words. I still find him a little edgy and I should have thought twice about how I asked him. Not that my question isn’t a valid one. I could have predicted his answer though.
‘I do not know.’ He states. The frustration he feels leaks out through the tone of his voice but he keeps his composure. I want to push the issue so bad. My inquisitiveness is burning and I just have to know. If I’m supposed to trust this man, then surely, I tell myself, that I deserve to know something about him.
‘You don’t remember?’ I put a lot of effort into that question. I made sure that I sounded as empathic and sympathetic as humanly possible. I made sure there wasn’t even a scrap of sarcasm in there.
‘After the fire I just remember walking, dazed, confused, isolated and feeling more alone than any man has ever felt before me. The thought of seeking rescue had not occurred to me. And still does not.’ The door finally, after scraping and howling, finally gives way in a burst of sparks and opens. Kolt hands the key back to me. Was that a gesture of trust? Night has completely fallen and the first thing that hits me is the sight of my rig burning in the foreground. 
It has sunk further into the soft dunes and is burning with rich black smoke pumping out into the atmosphere of this strange world. The frame has sunk far below my eye level, and I can only just make out the drill mechanism and flat platform. Warning lights still work on the metal frame. They are washing the desert in eerie blues and reds. I try hard not to let my disappointment show. It was a terrible idea anyway. Luckily the bridge-come escape pod that has kept us safe all day hasn’t sunk any at all. It can’t weigh much.
Offensive sulphuric smells fill the cold night air of the desert. I want to breathe in deep and hard to fill my lungs and try to make my head feel better. The putrid smell makes that a poor choice. I breathe regularly, but deeper and deeper with each intake, to try and get used to the horrible scent. 
I want to watch it some more. I want to watch it burn and remember my old life as a modern-day slave working for that evil company. I want to see the whole frame sink and try to use that image to lie to myself and say that it was the final chapter. Say that it’s over. But Kolt has other ideas. He strides out into the desert and turns immediately to his right. He obviously has a plan and a route worked out in his mind. 
I’ve ignored him. I ignored what he said. That the thought of being rescued had never entered his mind. And that it still doesn’t. My over active mind wants to tear into it and try to figure out what he meant. But the conscious and, at this time, more powerful side of my brain is afraid of the answer. Why would he have not thought to seek rescue?
We walk in silence well into the night. I can’t help but to glance back every now and again to the disappearing sight of my burning past, and coincidentally, my burning future too.
The consistency of the sand does not stay the same. For a while I can feel my feet sink into the sharp, fine and grainy sand in the dunes. But then for another few minutes it feels like I’m walking on hard bedrock. It’s too dark to see where my feet are going. All I have are the stars above. I can’t help but to admire them though. 
I’ve never seen so many of them all lit up like this. There are, literally, millions of them. The optimistic part of me, buried deep as it might be, can’t help but think its one small good thing to come out of this crap day. Some of them twinkle and dance across the blackened sky. I can make out a few constellations too, but in far more glorious detail than I’m used to. I can see Taurus and I can make out Orion’s belt in dazzling detail. The third “star” on the belt is in fact a galaxy of stars and not just one. For the first time since hearing that, I can actually make out the other stars in it. It helps to be this far from Earth too. On the edge of space. On the edge of knowledge and on the cusp of new discovery.
I’m enjoying being in my own mind for once. I’m enjoying being able to think. I can push the miserable thought of my working life into the back of my mind and let my own thoughts come forward. It’s surely an odd feeling though. I’ve been a part, a small part but still a part, of a crappy organization that actively discourages anything individual for so long that I had forgotten I had a thought chain of my own. I can think about the stars. I can think about things like that and not about where the next beating is going to come from. Or when the next time I’m going to be told I’m no good or that I’m a waste of space is going to be.
Is it because he thinks there is no chance of rescue? The first question ignites in my mind. Just like I knew it was going to. Maybe that was why Kolt didn’t think to seek rescue. Maybe he knows more about this planet than I do and he knows in his heart that he has no chance of getting off it alive. My heart sinks a little and I can feel the nervousness in the pit of my stomach when I think about it. I don’t even know why. This was supposed to be a last ditch attempt at a life on my part too. I have nothing to go back to. And noting to move on to either. I need to let go. I came here prepared to die. And I should stay like that. It’s not a bad way to live. Just in a moment and not striving for something or pining for something else. Maybe it’s more than that.
We’ve been walking for about two hours. I’ve been enjoying it. The silence. Letting someone else take the reins and lead the way. It’s been peaceful. But Kolt needs to stop. I can hear him breathing hard over his shoulder. The effort of pulling air in through the breathing apparatus that has become welded to his face must be tremendous. He doesn’t just breathe in; he has to pull air in with a powerful tensing of his diaphragm. I leap forward a few paces, nearly tripping in the soft sand as I do, and tap him hard on the shoulder. He turns a little startled. But with those eyes, who would have been able to tell? He says nothing. Just glares at me.
‘We should stop for the night?’ I almost have to ask him. Who put this guy in charge anyway? I should have been way more assertive and just told him. He drops the backpack and then falls to the floor knees first. He must be exhausted. 
‘You should get a drink.’ I tell him, more sternly this time too. How does he drink? He can’t get fluid past the gas mask vents. He nods though and starts rummaging in the backpack. There were four full bottles of water from the puddles on the bridge. I want to ask him. I really want to. But I decide its best to just watch him instead. 
He takes out a bottle and tips it upside down. He takes, without needing to look for it, a set of two needles from his apron pocket. They are connected with a rather thick transparent rubber tube. He stabs one end into the bottle cap and then rolls up his sleeve. His arm is covered in scars and holes. Dried blood is crusted over his milky white flesh. He looks like a heroin addict. He must have to drink, and presumably eat, intravenously. He taps his arm hard with two closed fingers a few times until a thick vein pops up. He then stabs the needle into the vessel and lies back still panting to draw in breath. 
‘Are you alright?’ I ask him. That was out of my nature. Or maybe it wasn’t. Maybe I was a nice guy before I started working for those guys. I can’t even remember. I can’t see past my hardened heart. At any rate, he doesn’t reply. He is too tired and out of steam.
I look around the dunes. We have unintentionally stopped in a pit. Dunes of soft flaky sand line every side. The wind has picked up a little. It isn’t anything brutal just yet but it could still make a night in the exposed cold a little less comfortable. It whips past the higher dunes and blows sand, in a whirlwind pattern off the edges and into the air. It makes no noise and it’s nice to look at. The dip in the dunes will have to be where we camp for the night. I take another of the bottles and take a long drink. I have been thirsty for miles but I was too happy in my own head, entertaining my own thoughts, to spark up any positional conversation by asking for a drink. I sit down on the soft sand beside Kolt. 
I can see his chest heaving with each strained breath. I wish I could help him. But I can’t exactly pry that mask off of him. Over the next few minutes his breathing rate calms and half of his bottle is gone. He rips out the cord and stands the bottle upright. He rolls over and pulls himself to sit up.
‘You want to know why I did not even think to seek rescue.’ It didn’t take much emotional intelligence to read my thoughts. I thought I might have been harder to read than that but clearly not.
‘Yes.’ I swing a one word answer at him, hoping that it would prompt him for more information. 
‘I feel lost.’ He replies equally as cryptically. ‘I did not seek rescue because I do not desire rescue.’ Those two statements did not seem compatible. ‘I like the feeling of being lost you see?’ I don’t know if I’m even supposed to reply to that. I don’t get it though. I decide to ask my questions down a different line though.
‘Then where are you leading me?’ I remember just now how nervous the guy makes me. I had been lost in my own thoughts for too long and hadn’t really been thinking about him.
‘You do seek rescue.’ He states rather than asks. 
‘Do I?’ I shoot back. I don’t disagree with him. It was just for the sake of an argument. 
‘Yes. You have life still in your eyes and this is not your fate.’ He states categorically. Maybe he thinks he is some kind of spiritual. Or is it just his poor English? I drop my eyes. It’s still difficult to look at him. That fire must have affected his eyes somehow. I’ve still not seen him moisten them and they are still red and bloodshot all over. Not a drop of white left in them. I just watch the sand wash around my feet in the wind for a while. It’s golden colored, untouched, and very beautiful. He is right though. I don’t want to die. I’m not ready. If I had been I wouldn’t have tried so hard to get out of the horrible situation I was in before. Maybe there is something out there for me still. Strange how Kolt knew it and I didn’t. 
For the first time in a while I’m starting to feel tired. It will feel odd to drift off to sleep unprompted, and not have to wake up to a hellish blaring siren and a smack around the face from a brutish “manager” come slave whip enforcer. I don’t care how cold it is. Kolt said he had walked for days. That might have meant actual days, like two or three, or it might have meant weeks, stretching further to months! He told me he hadn’t kept track and he doesn’t seem all that switched on. He really is lost. I could be in for one Hell of a journey. But I’ll find out in the morning.
Chapter 3
The Long Road Ahead
I awoke, not to the regular beating I was used to, but to a burning sensation on my back. Lucky I had kept my armor on to keep the cold out. That sun would have burned me crispy if not. It has risen high in the sky before I wake up to its belting heat. I woke up unsettled a few times in the night. It had been really cold, not unlike the deserts on Earth, in the hours of darkness.
It was rapid re-radiation of stored heat in the ground. The sun belts down immense amount of heat in the daylight hours but later on in the night, with no cloud cover and nothing to insulate it, that heat spills out back into the atmosphere in the night time.
I hadn’t been too bothered by it though. This armor I stole from one of the guards had kept me reasonably warm and I was just happy to wake up looking at the sky. To see the millions of stars and not just the base of some other guy’s bunk above me.
It’s no surprise that Kolt is up and around before me. I don’t even remember him falling asleep. His breathing is calmer now at least. I thought he was going to pass out and die last night carrying those bottles of water. 
I feel a little guilty about it. That sensation is burning away in the pit of my stomach. But I’m glad of it. I’ve not had the time to feel anything in such a long time that I’m glad just to feel at all.
Whether it’s anger or guilt, sadness, joy or love. I don’t care. He is sat atop one of the larger dunes. I can just about see him by his black silhouette against the strong light of the morning desert sun. He is facing the other way. I can hear, in the calm of the barren space, his regular and controlled breathing. In and out through his tight gas mask. I feel for him. It must be constant stress to have to think, and probably worry, about the simplest task of breathing.
I can just about make out his twin needles and tube kit. The water bottle he is ingesting intravenously glistens against the rising and powerful sun. I decide to make my way over to him. I want to ask him about his cryptic comments from last night but I’m not sure I’ll ever find the best moment to do so.
The sand is soft, unreliable, and sinks around the depression I make with every press of my heel as I try to walk up the dune. As I look upon the sand, it doesn’t look like a difficult task to walk upon it, but the reality is very different. The ground is inconstant and flows with every pressure placed upon it. I try to look poised and collected as I walk towards Kolt. But I stumble and fall regularly. I have to put my hand down to the ground just to keep my fragile balance.
The sand is hot to the touch. Not just warm, but insensitively hot. It feels as though each fine grain burns a new and individual puncture mark into my hardened skin. I hope this desert does not last long and we find shade soon.
Kolt stirs when he hears the gentle cascade of fine grains of sand as I approach, leaving my dignity behind, with clumsy ape like steps. By the looks of him, his eyes, I guess he probably hasn’t slept at all. He turns to face me. I can’t tell if he is happy to see me or not. Or even if he can just about put up with me.
‘We have a long day ahead.’ He opens the first conversation of the day bleakly. I’m not offended. I’m not exactly used to being woken gently by the rocking hand of a lover or anything. I’m used to waking up to some moron or another blasting me for whatever reason they can think of right there on the spot.
‘Just the one?’ I ask rhetorically and sarcastically. I don’t think Kolt understands my dry and mutated humor. Maybe he doesn’t get much of that back on Earth and on the original Russia.
‘Many days in fact.’ He says and pulls the needle out of his bleeding arm. His mouth must be dry constantly. I know he’s at least getting the fluid he needs to survive but it’s not the same. Shoving it straight into your veins can’t give you the same sense of satisfaction as quenching your powerful thirst with a gulp of icy cold water. Washing it around your dry, sand filled mouth and teeth.
That thought has me thirsty. I don’t know how much water Kolt managed to get from the escape pod floor but it can’t possibly match the amount we will need to safely trek though what looks like an endless desert. I take the bottle from the sandy dune, the one he has used to feed himself through his needles, and take a swig from it. The bottle is surprisingly full. I don’t really want to swallow it knowing where it has been and what Kolt had been using it for. But my thirst is strong enough to overpower that reaction.
I remember, just in due time, how many times I had to drink from water deposits built up on the mine floor. Conditions really could be that bad.
He obviously wants to ignore my stab at humor and carries right on into an account of the horror that lies ahead. He stands slowly from the sand and pulls his sleeve down over his many wounds. He stretches a while and I take a few more mouthfuls of water from the warm bottle. It’s not exactly refreshing but it does the job.
‘The desert will last another day.’ He began ‘But soon it will give way to a large body of water that I think we can swim. I did. Then the water will give way to the trees and a great forest beyond. The forest will make us lost and is a dangerous place to be. At the end of the forest we will meet some foothills and be forced to climb a great mountainous peak to reach the crash site.’
He says it all with an absence of emotion. He remembers the journey but seems distant. He’s lost in his thoughts again. I follow his distant eyes for a moment but I can’t bare the effort.
‘That’s how far you came?’ I ask him. For a while he doesn’t reply and I’m pretty sure he isn’t going to.
‘Yes.’ He answers but gives away no more detail.
The thought of enduing another day in the baking heat of the desert has me frustrated but I should have honed in on the other thing he said a little faster. We had collected our few supplies together and pilled them back into my fragile backpack before it occurred to me to ask.
‘Why is the forest such a dangerous place to be?’ We had taken the first step on our epic journey before I finally got around to asking him. I took the backpack this time. He had exhausted himself yesterday trying to carry it all that distance. I feel strong today. Stronger than I have in a while. Those painkillers had worn off in the night and my body still aches and screams in pain from the impact of the crash. But I’m used to being beaten around like some kind of stress ball. So I still feel like I’m up for this. I feel like a day’s walk will do me good.
‘There are predators there.’ Kolt finally answers. That was no surprise really. But nothing prepared me for what he was about to tell me.
‘Are you aware of dinosaurs?’ He asks. The creatures had roamed the Earth millions and millions of years ago. But there were no records of them ever having been found on any other world. No one on the colonies had ever found fossil records in our own soil, but in all honesty, I have no idea how many people actually went out there looking for them.
People were obsessed at all times with what was in front of them. That seemed like the prevailing feeling of the time I live in. No one really cares what came before them and how their current situation came about.
I dared to be excited at first. To be able to see them in the flesh, if that was what Kolt was actually telling me. But that short and indeed short-sighted feeling passed quickly and paved the way for fear. I have to admit that a bit of panic slipped in there too. I know nothing of dinosaurs and all of the childish excitement disappears from my mind as I start to imagine enormous brutes capable of tearing me apart without having to even try. I hold off on getting too hung up by it though. I guess we have no choice but to go back the way he came. It would be what it would be in the end.
Our walk gives me time to think about things. I have no way of getting off the planet without trusting in Kolt. I don’t know him. I have faith in him though and I don’t even know why. He is distant and aggressive even though I’m sure I’ve done nothing to offend him. Every time I try to start a conversation he makes it a short one and bulldozes me into a corner so I can’t think of anything else to say to him.
I still don’t know why he said he didn’t want to be rescued. Logic tells me it’s because he’s given up and doesn’t want to live anymore. But if that was true, this barren planet must have presented him countless opportunities to take the easy way out and get himself killed. So logic might be lying to me.
He said he didn’t desire rescue. That means he doesn’t want to go back to wherever he came from. Does that mean he has some horrible fate awaiting him if he returns? Is he afraid to return? My heart jumps a little at the possibility that we might be kindred spirits. I can’t go back either. 
But that makes no sense either. I know I’ll never get it out of him so I don’t think there is even a point in asking him about it again. If he had some kind of punishment or something worse waiting for him then why would he be helping me at all? He could have just let me die for that matter. Or if his conscience wouldn’t let me die, then he could have saved me just like he did, but then just give me directions and a map of how to find his ship.
I’m starting to obsess. Everyone I’ve ever known has told me, at some time or another, that I do that. My mind overreacts and hones in on any small detail. It looks for evidence to support a theory I probably just made up in some pit of my own imagination. It takes things and twists them to look like evidence to support some bull hypothesis.
But I’m like a dog with a bone who just won’t let go. I need the answers like I need air to live. I’m not nosey. Just if it feels like I’m affected by what is going on then I feel like I need to see every angle of it. Sometimes I wish that I could just turn it off. I wish that I could be normal and just go with the flow. Whatever the flow might be. 
The only trouble is that I’m usually right. If I smell something’s off. It more often than not is. On the flip side of that though. I can never see the wood for the trees. I look at detail and miss the picture. That’s how I got trapped in that job. That was a dumb decision for a reasonably smart guy. I messed up. And I paid my price.
Back to the problems at hand though. For now I have no option but to trust in Kolt, even though I know he’s on the wrong side of psycho street. Maybe, hopefully, I’m misjudging him. Maybe the baking desert sun is clouding my judgment. It beats down on my exposed face with every split second that passes. It feels so hot that I might as well be in an oven. I can’t look up to the sky. It’s too bright. There isn’t a single cloud to rely on for cover and we have only been walking a few hours. In silence. 
The sand has heated up and I can feel it burning through my armored boots with every step. But I only have the sand below to look at. The sun’s light reflects off of it too well. It’s like staring into a mirror. The reflected light is burning holes in the backs of my retinas and it’s making it hard to see anything at all. I feel a little lost and very disorientated. I can’t make out the various textures in the sand and I can’t read the undulating dunes well enough to make for steady progress.
So far I’ve been able to keep on my feet but I can’t imagine how undignified and how very un-cool I must look. I can just rely on following Kolt and his unwavering pace. It’s like he drifts over the sand. It looks like he isn’t feeling a second of the torment that I am. He is tough, hard as nails, that’s for sure. He steps artistically over the sand and strides on despite it’s ever changing resistance.
I can hear him breathing still. It’s all there is to focus on. It’s making me sick. I use all the energy I have and run to catch up with him. I tap him hard on the shoulder and he stops to face me. His face is burned, what I can see of it through those ominous eye holes in his gas mask, and his eyes remain tired, wide, and bloodshot.
‘Would you like a drink?’ He asks. His voice is kind and that shocks me a little. I nod. I have no energy spare for talking. I could have just got it myself but Kolt drags the backpack away from me and digs inside for the water bottle we had been drinking from that morning. He unscrews the cap and hands it to me. He keeps a gloved hand on the top to steady it as I take gulp after gulp.
I hold up my hand to say “thanks” and he pulls the bottle away. He’s still stood tall above me. I enjoy the brief moment of relief from the heat as I duck behind his sizeable shadow. I use it to refocus my eyes and give myself a stern talking to. The day is only middle aged and we still have a long distance to go. I comfort myself with the thought of a jungle to hide in soon. But I’m careful not to let my thoughts dwell at all on the monsters that the jungle hides.
Kolt slowly reaches under his apron and reveals a large hunting knife. It’s long and sharp. The blade is curved at one edge and reaches a pointy tip. The other side is fashioned to be used as a saw with a serrated edge. That would be used to hack through bone no doubt. I recoil in a brief, and regrettable, moment of terror. He casts me a judgmental and deeply hurt look. He must be fighting the urge to have a go at me and instead places a single raised finger over his lips. Or at least the snout of his mask in front of his lips.
My heart starts beating faster as all kinds of thoughts race through my mind. Had I been wrong to trust him? With the lack of food evident on this planet, maybe he was planning on killing me right there and then, and grinding my flesh into paste to have for supper! My body urges me to run but doesn’t provide the means. My legs have gone stiff and I am oddly frozen to the spot. He brings the knife up to eye level and I finally spot his target. If I had been more aware of my surroundings, I could have saved myself that brief but intense moment of embarrassment.
A gruesome, oddly long, and green patterned snake washes through the thin flakes of sand about my feet. I remain calm, rested a little by the knowledge I wasn’t on the menu, and keep my foot still. Any sudden movement could have resulted in a strike and there was no telling how venomous it was. Kolt threw the knife down with scary precision. It strikes the snake just behind it’s muzzle shaped head. An instant kill.
He knelt down and I’m suddenly hit again by the burning relentless sun. It knocks me for a second but the break has done me good. I don’t feel quite as sick right now. He digs the knife right behind the snake’s skull and successfully, effortlessly, beheads the thing. He pushes the head deep into the sand and starts unraveling the lengthy beast from it’s sandy home. I remembered some of my basic survival training. The one good thing to come from that job. It is always a good idea to bury the head as it remains poisonous for some time. 
The snake is at least two meters long, a good two inches thick, and rubbery in texture. It is a sandy green color and I’m not sure, what with the blue and green spots dazzling over my eyes from the sun, how the Hell Kolt spotted it at all. Maybe his gas mask lenses had a tint on them to keep the light out. For the first time ever I’m jealous of him for them.
‘I have never done anything to make you afraid of me.’ The rising intonation at the end of the sentence almost makes me think he is asking me a question. But I think he’s actually just surprised. Maybe a little offended too.
‘I’m sorry.’ I say after a few seconds to think. I came up short. That was the best I could manage. But for me it was still pretty good. He was right though. He had never done anything to make me afraid of him. I just was. But there I was regardless making up things he might be thinking. I leave the issue. Nobody wants to talk about it. I can sense that.
Maybe the two of us are quite similar in our stunted emotional development. Neither of us wants to hold hands and talk about our feelings. Even though I know I’ve hurt him. Instead of dwell on it or make an ass out of myself making up some bull excuse, I decide that I’m just going to try to make more of an effort to understand my new accomplice. It looks as though we are going to have a lot of time together anyway.
He reaches the end of the snake and starts to squeeze. He rolls his tight fingers right around the dead animal and pushes all of the brown, murky innards out of the gaping hole he had stabbed through it. The rest would be meat and good eating later on. The bile he forces out stinks in the desert warmth. It smells like fresh sick and makes me gag. I manage to hold it together, mostly out of pride, and swallow to keep my water down. Kolt casually throws the snake carcass over his back, draped around his shoulders like a scarf and picks up the backpack.
‘I though I was going to be on the menu.’ I just can’t resist. I try to use humor to mask the fact I upset the man. 
‘You might have been. Had I been able to eat solid food.’ Was that a joke? Had I finally dragged a sense of humor out of him. He turned around and gently tapped his soldered gas mask. Of course. How could I have been so stupid. The poor guy couldn’t even take in water. He must he been surviving on liquid supplements ever since the crash.
I get sick of all of the walking before I even know it. I’m tired of falling over in the sand and stumbling like some uncoordinated ape. The effort of getting through the desert is sapping every bit of strength that I have.
It wasn’t supposed to be like this. I was supposed to come here and before I knew it life would be getting easier. I shouldn’t have to do this. I should have an easy life by now. Those kinds of self indulgent thoughts flash through my mind as I slowly start to see the sun crest across the horizon.
I can see the water sparkle in the distance. I’m sure I can hear it lapping against the sandy shores but I don’t know if I’m just hearing things. I feel sorry for myself. I know it’s silly but I can’t help it. I was naïve to have come here. Naïve to have thought life was suddenly going to be easy without any kind of effort from myself. That’s just childish. I was right to get away from my employers but I should have known that even greater hardship was afoot.
Kolt hasn’t said anything all afternoon. It’s irritating how collected he is. It’s annoying how he doesn’t have to try and doesn’t seem to be affected at all by the painful desert heat. I want to take my armor off and cool down but I know that if I do I’ll just get burned to a crisp.
I can smell the snake cooking around his back. The heat bouncing down on it’s fragile flesh, reflected and intensified over his disgusting apron, and the thing is cooking in it’s own skin. I want it to make me sick. I would feel more normal if it did. But it’s just making me hungry. The flesh is sizzling under the scales and I can smell the meat as if it was a barbeque.
Maybe it’s just that I’m so used to eating that crud they forced down my throat for the past five years of my life. All you can eat snake buffet sounds, smells and looks appealing right now. I can’t help but to stare at it. Swinging back and forth with each of his gentle steps.
The sun is low in the sky and its hard to see. The light is calmer though and ebbs away with each passing second. As the powerful, evil sun passes down into the night and stops belting us all day long. I feel as though I can’t take anymore. I stop, shout to Kolt, and start frantically tearing at the shell of my armor. Kolt turns. I though he was going to stop me and complain that I was slowing down the pace. But instead he waits patiently as I clamor at the sticky armor.
My skin is wet and clammy. The soft texture of the armor underneath sticks to my arms as I pull and tug at it relentlessly. The sudden exertion makes my heart beat faster and I feel like I’m about to pass out again. A few deep breaths settles me and my armor finally relents. I pull my arm free and take off the torso cover like a sweater. I fall to my knees, panting for breath from the dry desert and sandy air, and watch as sweat drips down my ridiculously hairy chest.
The air feels cool. And the sun dries me gently as the day slips, finally, into old age. I take one last deep breath and open my eyes. My chest hair tingles as the sun caresses me dry. I sigh. Happily.
‘We are almost to the body of water.’ Kolt raises a weary arm to the setting sun. I watch him in silence. I’m only half interested in what he has to say. I’m watching the gorgeous rays of orange colored light wash across the darkening sky as the sun dips below the dunes. I turn to see the three moon’s of the planet rise in the pale sky behind me like silver discs in the sky. The view clashed as night met day and day was defeated by night.
I can see the stars again over my shoulder and I could not be more grateful of it. I know the night will be cold. I know that as the heat disperses I will beg for the sun once more. But I don’t want to let that thought drive me crazy. I don’t want to feel like I’m in some kind of perpetual Hell. I just want to feel cool and dry as the sun finally gives in.
I can’t even be bothered to reply to Kolt. I just get to my feet. He locks eyes with me and just waits to see if I can carry on. He is much kinder than I have judged him to be. I feel guilty and ashamed of how I reacted to him. I thought I was better than that. To judge a man because he looks, simply, terrifying.
‘You want me to carry the bag.’ I ask him. I am surprised at how croaky my voice sounds. I haven’t used it much all day. He shakes his head but carries on without looking back. ‘Or maybe your gun if it’s getting heavy?’ I offer. It must have sounded like a threat. Or a ghastly attempt at diplomatically disarming him. He doesn’t rise to it. Even though the bait was completely unintentional.
‘I can manage.’ He says in his rugged accent.
‘Where did you find that thing by the way?’ I have wanted to ask him that since the first second we met. I thought people had given up on projectile weapons long ago. I should have been more considerate though. He has lost his memory and is, like me, trapped on an alien and unfamiliar world. I didn’t mean for my question to cause him any offence.
‘It was on my ship.’ He looked, more sounded, distant again. I can’t see his eyes. But I doubt they’ve changed and still look as distant. We walk side by side for the first time since meeting. If I could see them I’m certain they would be the windows to his lost soul and would be searching his broken memory for the answer to my question. But he continues.
‘I found it after the fire finally went out. I’d not thought about… what it is? Is it old?’ He asks me and sounds pretty genuine too. He sounds confused. He even glances over to me. I can only see his eyes for a second but they look horrified. He looks like a broken man, hiding under his impressive shell. For the first time in our short relationship, I feel deeply sorry for him.
‘Yeah man.’ I reply. I don’t want to upset him. But he is freaking me out a little again. I try not to let it show and think back to how silly I was to be scared of a man who saved me. ‘Nobody uses projectile anymore. They’re noisy, inefficient, offensive weapons.’ I try to explain to him. He draws it from his back and studies it as though he was picking it up for the first time ever. He holds it nervously but grips around it with his open palms a few times. Its like he is reassuring himself of something.
‘I like it.’ He finally says and throws it back over his shoulder. He strides forth again. He can walk as fast as he likes, he isn’t escaping the reality that he is lost. Perhaps more so than I.
I’m sure now. I am sure I can hear the water. I can see the light reflected from the celestial moons against the lapping and undulating waves ahead. It’s pretty much dark, and our conversation about his gun is a distant memory for us both by the time we finally make it to the shore. The lapping, gentle and caressing sounds eventually turn into crashing and slapping waves as we draw closer. I can see the blackness of the water ahead and the breeze rolling in cools me to a more comfortable level.
The water can’t be deep, or the stretch of it between land masses long. I can see, in the very distance, tones and hues of green on the horizon and the washing shadows of trees swaying in the wind. I want to drink so bad. I remember my survival training and I know that I can’t drink salt water. I can smell the saline in the air as we finally stop.
The sand about my boots is cooler and damp here. I pull my armor back on in the brief recess. As I expected, the night brings the cold with it. I remember watching instructional videos about drinking salt water and how it dehydrates you quickly. It sounded easy back in what passed as a classroom back at work. It sounded obvious. It was almost insulting that they would have offended our intelligence and overstated it.
 But the video didn’t mention how hard it was. To stand in front of a stretch of water and not be able to drink when you are, literally, dying to quench your thirst. I envied ignorance. I wish I could just drink and not know what torture my body would go through because of it. But I can’t and I don’t. 
Kolt stops too and places our bag of meager supplies on the cool sand. I know we can’t swim this mass of water in the dark. I have to face another cold night in the desert. He takes the dead creature from around his neck and snaps the snake clean in half with his bare hands. He, kindly, gives me the larger half.
‘Other half for breakfast.’ I could swear he is smiling. Even laughing. Under that garish black mask of his. But I’m so grateful I don’t stop to analyze it. I wolf the meat down without stopping to feel sorry for him because he can’t even eat. He stabs his needle back into the water bottle and again into his already battered and bruised arm.
The meat is chewy, tough, and tastes like overcooked pork. But I couldn’t care less. I wolf it down, tearing into the gristle and flesh with my back teeth. I yank at the snake and tear it apart like a possessed wild animal. I have left any manners behind, and did so long ago, and don’t stop until the meat and skin are all eaten. It warms my stomach and I feel a gentle, soothing build up of energy that builds like a crescendo inside of me. I feel alive again. I feel like I could swim an ocean with ease, find the biggest dinosaur on the planet and punch it right in the snout.
Chapter 4
Triassic World
I awake to a grumbling, belching, ear splitting roar. My eyes spring open in shock and I scramble undignified to my bare feet. The sun is barely up behind us and a cold wind races through the unforgiving desert in the early morning. Sand whips up from across the dunes and blasts into my eyes unsympathetically. In the cold light of the morning I can see further and more clearly than last night.
I can see the trees on the horizon sway, and I can even hear their branches and trunks snap, but can’t make out the form of a beast. Something must be moving through the tree-line.
I can only assume that noise was from one of the resident dinosaurs. Kolt is already up and is sat by the calm water with that bottle jammed into his veins again. I can hear him breathe in time with the low, gentle, lapping waves. I stretch my tight muscles to get rid of the cramp forming in the backs of my things and at the base of my spine. I reach for that left over snake meat and tear into it. Shame it’s gone cold but I can’t wait for the sun to heat it back up again. It would just burn it to more of a crisp anyway.
I eat fast and it makes my stomach turn. I couldn’t care less though. I just want to eat. I hope we even find another one it’s that nice. But this is survival, different to any other situation I’ve ever been in, and every day counts. So I doubt realistically that we’ll find another.
The night was cold like I thought it would be. I kept my armor on right through the night though so I guess it could have been worse. I looked at all of the stars again. I spent hours laying on the cool sand, stubbornly awake, just staring at the glimmering lights in the black sky above.
I remember how I used to pick one in the distance. Back when I was a kid. I remembered how I used to pick one at random and dream about what might be there. What planets might orbit it in a celestial dance. What creatures, or even men, used to walk upon their surfaces and swim in their oceans. I imagined a better world. I just wanted to spread my wings and break off the chains that held me to one place. I just wanted to wriggle free of the shackles that bound me to the one spot.
I used to use that feeling to remind myself that there was always a way out. To remind myself that no matter what, you just have to keep one eye on the door at all times. Even when things seem ok. You never know when you might need that desperate escape route. So that’s why I stole the rig and crashed it into a sandy desert. I was buzzed with that thought all night.
It was kind of rock and roll, what I did. Never caring and just hitting the open sky with a stolen ride. I felt elated and self satisfied. I had been keeping an eye on the door the whole time. But that wasn’t enough. Eventually, after staring at it for long enough and hating your life for long enough, and coveting what might be on the other side, you just have to open it. And step out into a bigger world.
Right now I don’t even care if I die out here. I don’t care if I get eaten alive by monsters that were supposed to be long extinct. Because it will be my own damn fault. And that sets me free.
Kolt sharply tugs the needle and tube away from his arm. He stands un-phased by the sinewy noise it makes and turns to me. I know I have a huge smile on my face. It’s just an aftershock from the sudden and probably a little naïve energy burst I have. I’m just pumped to get going. All those thoughts I had last night about stretching out to distant stars and just seeing what there was there. I would be a huge hypocrite if I didn’t just start enjoying myself in the here and now. 
I know it’s dangerous. I know all we are doing is going off in search of rescue but it’s enough. Even though I’ll probably just end up going back home to be brought up on charges. And then likely shot in jail. At least the food will be better there.
‘Are you prepared?’ Kolt asks me between labored breaths. I have already got my red, battle brushed, armor on since I slept in it. I pull my boots on quickly and drink the last of the water. We will have to find more once we reach the forest on the other side of the expanse of water. Kolt hasn’t picked the backpack up and I frankly see no need in dragging it along. I have equipment slots in my utility belt and in the pockets of my basic armor. I don’t want the bag to weigh me down on the swim. He just takes the clear bottles that used to have water in and pins them to his equipment belt underneath the muddy colored overalls.
‘Let’s do this?’ I almost shout. The trees upon the horizon have settled and I hear no more monstrous growls. I am a little scared. My ego has shrunk that to a niggling little voice though and my eagerness is masking it, even from myself. I clap my hands together and flail my arms around to get the blood back to my fingers. I can feel my heart rate increase as I swing my limbs around and jog on the spot. Kolt does nothing.
He enters the water like a specter and simply walks until he can stand no longer. He then spreads out his arms and begins to wade through the waves. The air still holds a cold sting but I would rather we set off now that wait for the sun to reach it’s full strength. That would sap our strength and the sun stroke would probably drown us in a haze of confusion. I ride my energy boost and throw myself into the water and splash like an excitable child to catch up with Kolt. I slow my pace for his sake. But saving my energy is probably the best option anyway.
I start to wave my arms though the sickly and salty water. The waves get stronger the further out we swim. I fight against the weight of my armor to keep my mouth above water level. The salty taste makes me physically sick but I can hold it together. The water tastes dangerously sweet but I still have to fight that powerful urge to just take a long, briefly satisfying, gulp. The waves toss us around like rag dolls in a bathtub but it’s kind of fun. I’m a confident swimmer, I even enjoy it. Even though I haven’t done it for a very long time.
Kolt is still keeping his same pace, his same rhythm, and remains irritatingly calm throughout. I think we might be making some progress until I turn around and see the land we left is far closer to us than the land we left behind. I decide to pass the time by quizzing Kolt on his odd theories. Maybe I can even help him regain a few memories.
‘Why don’t you think you need to be rescued?’ I shout as another wave bounces me up with the force of the hydraulic motion.
‘From what do I require rescue?’ He shouts back. I can barely make it out through his breathing apparatus. Maybe he is having trouble keeping water out of it. I secretly hope we find a way to get that thing off for him. It would be nice to see his face I guess. I’m finding it hard enough to read him without being able to pick up on his subtle facial expressions.
‘Just to get away from this planet I guess. No family back home? Will they be worried that you’re lost?’ I shout again. The conversation is fragmented. I’m starting to run out of steam and I’m out of breath. I’m also battling the waves with fierce swings of my arms.
‘I was lost at home.’ He yells back in that irritating cryptic way of his.
‘What?’ I wished I could have hollered something more intelligent back but nothing comes to my tired mind.
‘What are your thoughts on being lost?’ I don’t even have the energy to reply. I can see the shore of the other mass of land come slowly into view. Another few more powerful minutes of aggressive swimming and we can make it.
I pull myself by my elbows away from the foaming water and onto the warm beach of the next island. The sand here is grainier and scrapes audibly over my plastic coated armor. I cough uncontrollably and churn up a few mouths of salty water. I can’t move. I hadn’t even noticed how hard that swim had been on my arms. I thought I was stronger than that. Maybe my arms were just too used to chiseling at stone.
Kolt, I see over my shoulder as I lie face down in the gravel like sand, walks out of the water on two feet. The ocean spills over his brown apron and over his heaving shoulders. He isn’t even out of breath.
‘Even though I called it home, and enjoyed the comfort of having one, my heart felt unsettled. My soul was lost to me. I ask you, Parker, how can a man find his soul without first becoming irreconcilably lost himself?’ He sends shivers down my spine.
‘I do not require rescue because I no longer feel lost. Even though I am lost. If I am “rescued” I return to a home that I no longer crave. Somewhere I do not belong.’ He passes me by and doesn’t help me to my feet as I was oddly expecting him to. He peers into the tree line that sweeps the beach for as far as the eye stretches in both directions.
The greenery is thick and I can’t see a lot through the choking veil of vegetation. 
‘Where next?’ I ask him enthusiastically, still riding the emotional energy I seem to have stumbled across.
‘When I finally made it down the mountain, where my ship had crashed, I found a system of caves that led me into the forest we see before us. I hope that I can find my way back.’ I shrug. I could argue with him and complain that we might never find it but why bother? He has seen me right, even put me to shame, in terms of my physical ability so far on this trek. I trust him. I know I didn’t before. I know that I was scared of him and I found him aggressive. But he has won me over I guess.
He slipped past the first palm branch and disappeared into the thick tropical shrubbery. I followed with a smile and I’m looking forward to the change in terrain and hopefully temperature too.
The jungle is a dense and claustrophobic place to be in. The thick branches of the various plants and trees form thick symbiotic knots around one another. I have to remain constantly aware of what is around me and what is under my feet. Sometimes I can’t even see the muddy earth below. I have to climb through overgrown branches and coiled up vegetation just to make any ground. Progress is painfully slow and I’m starting to sweat already. I don’t dare take my armor off though. I know what is in the jungle, hiding, and to add to it I keep snagging my shoulders and chest on knotted branches and twisted trees that I don’t even see.
I’m sure the jungle is beautiful to look at it but all I can see is my own feet and the bugs that crawl over them endlessly. The vibrant green colors, as I see them briefly pass over my eyes as the next large leaf slaps me around my cheek, are a good change from the bland sand and billowing dunes of the desert we just crossed. I was lucky, I suppose, to crash where I did. Had it been deeper in the desert, that I can only assume spreads over miles and miles, then getting out of it would have probably killed me dead. 
The physical exertion of pulling my weight over branches and squeezing through tight winding trees saps the power from my already tired muscles. Even Kolt has been slowed down. He moves through the thick vegetation with ease and does so with artistic precision. He doesn’t trip like I am and he doesn’t get his arms snagged on tree trunks like I am. But moving that eight foot muscular frame around takes time. I can still hear his breathing apparatus but, even though its irritating and constant, it comforts me a little.
It has become like a constant companion to the disorientating silence. Like him, I suppose. I’m determined not to fall behind today though. I’m still annoyed with myself that I had to stop yesterday and drink when Kolt could have just powered on. I needed food like my stomach was going to implode if I didn’t eat. But Kolt can’t even eat at all. I have no idea how he keeps going. But I’m seriously envious of him for it.
We keep on going like that for a long time. Just pulling our way through the dense jungle without saying anything to one another. We sure could use a knife or sword to tear through the thick, enormous leaves and hack our way through the smaller, younger trees. But we don’t. So no point moaning.
At first I thought it was just my beating heart heaving through my aching chest. I thought it was just the physical demands of powering through the horrible jungle and my muscles were just shaking. I didn’t even hear it at all. I was too focused on his breathing. I was entranced by it and I was using it to time my day and keep my sleep deprived mind alert.
But as we drew closer I could feel the intense vibration thunder through the cavity of my chest. I could hear the monolithic rhythmic stomping of a large, two legged, beast of a dinosaur. I froze to the spot but Kolt kept going. Suddenly my breathing became deep and labored and my stomach began churning. It felt like it was tipping over and over again in my belly.
I shook my head hard, tried to look around and met nothing but more trees and more hanging vines. I had no idea where the monster was.
‘Follow me.’ Kolt said as gently as he could and so that I could still hear him through the muffling affect of his mask. He knelt down in the mud by a long vine that stretched up a jagged, but soaking wet, exposed rock face. I hadn’t even seen the stones through the trees.
As I eased myself gently closer to him I could make out the grey colored rock poking though the wall of green leaves and trees. He took a bottle from his utility belt and held it against the stone. I could just hear the water trickle down into the empty and transparent container over the intense and constant thunderous footprint of the monster that I could still not yet see.
I waited there for him, as patiently as I could, while the drips slowly filled the bottle with clear and safe to drink rain water. I keep looking from left to right and back again for anything out of the ordinary. Not that much is within the confines of the ordinary on this planet that I have yet seen.
But I don’t see anything at all. I would have felt better if we could just leg it and try to make it further away from the brute that was grazing for food somewhere near by. Logic swore to me that it was best to just run but I know that’s just bull. If we run we attract more attention to ourselves and we put ourselves in greater risk of being the highlight of the menu.
Kolt finally screws the cap back onto the bottle and returns the container to his belt. He looks up. I knew he would. He has the same idea that I have but he definitely has more balls to make it happen than I have. We need to climb out of the pit of the forest, get on top of it, and get a good view of the intensity of the road ahead.
I reach to take hold of the vine. It surprises me how fuzzy it is. I was expecting it to be smooth and to have to fight it for grip all the way to the top. I flex my open palms over it a few times and give myself a stern talking to. Ok I can do this. I say to myself so that I don’t look weak in front of Kolt. He comes up beside me and takes hold of the neighboring vine.
I know he can sense my fear, even though I don’t detect even the slightest hint that he might feel the same, and graciously offers to go first.
‘I will climb first, you watch where my feet touch the rock, study my technique and repeat.’ He instructs me and trusts his full weight to the vine after tugging on it as hard as he can. I guess there is no other way to test whether or not it will take his weight. I do the same and mine uncoils somewhere at the top. My heart stops as it snakes around and plummets to the floor around me. It misses my head by inches and slaps the dirt below my feet with a loud clapping noise.
I hold my breath and wait for the beast to howl then come running to discover us. Nothing. I breathe out slowly with a genuine sigh of relief and try the next vine over. Kolt has stopped to wait for me. I tug it again and again but it doesn’t give way. My heart is racing. I need to calm it down or I’m not going to have the energy to make it up the cliff face which is a sheer vertical wall with no forgiving recess in which to take rest.
I dig the tips of my toes onto the first jagged edge and balance all of my weight on my arms. I reach up as hard and as high as I can with my right hand and pull as hard as I can. That forces my feet to run up the slippery and slimy rock face. Kolt watches me stumble up the wall from above and races ahead every time I catch up with him.
My forearms start to burn quickly but I know I can’t let go. Even though my muscles are screaming at me to do it. I hold on with all my will power and keep pulling and dragging my feet up the wall. I glance down and realize just how far we have climbed. I lose all my depth perception right away and my heart skips a full beat at the sight of the ground below. I tighten my grip and push on. We climb, grimacing and shouting from the pain of it, for another few hundred yards into the sky.
The high pitch shrieks coming from below stops us dead! My foot slips at the wrong time and my shattered arms relent. I fight the urge to let go and tighten my grip once more. I only slide down the vine a few feet but it felt like I fell for a lifetime. My heart races again and I glance down to see a pack of five beasts salivating below at the prospect of an exotic meal. They are long, sleek and patterned with green’s and red colors. Their scaly skin glistens in the odd sparkle of light filtering through the dense canopy above. Their jaws snap together like a crocodile’s and they keep leaping in turn up into the air trying to catch a flailing limb and pull us down to tear into our fragile bodies!
I start to breathe erratically but manage to hold it together.
‘Climb!’ Kolt shouts at me from high above. I can barely make out his voice for the muffling effect and through my own consuming fear. I have to take his advice though or I was dead and eaten. Of all the ways I can think of to die, that has to be one of the lowest on my list of least favored ways.
I fight the burn and numbing pain and slam my boots back into another crack of the wall. I can see Kolt is only a few meters higher than me so the beasts below are only leaping and snapping for me. How flattering? I pull hard on my tired arms and snap my foot into another gaping hole in the soaking wall. I scream in agony as I can feel the muscles in my arms snapping and creaking to keep up with demand.
Kolt hangs on his vine with one tensed and bloated arm. He stretches out his other, enormous and powerful arm for me as I climb higher and higher. He grabs for my hand and heaves me up another few feet. I feel my entire weight trusted to his massive hand and powerful grip.
It terrifies and comforts me at the same time. I take the opportunity to flex my other hand and get some more blood flowing. I grab hold of the vine again and he nods at me so I know to take my full weight again. The things below have given up leaping either through exhaustion or their lack of success. But they are still shrieking and that sound pierces my ear drums and sends shivers down my spine every time.
‘I can see the top.’ Kolt says without even so much of a strain. He quickens his pace and leaps up the rock face. He suddenly swings his legs over his head to one side and heaves with all of his might over the top. I panic for just a split second, wondering if he’ll even come back for me.
His ghastly mask appears over the side, directly above my vine. He holds out his hands for mine but both of us know that I can’t reach him. My red face, covered in veins and visibly strained, gives that fact away. He disappears again but I feel the vine begin to move ever so slowly. I can feel his strength and power heave me over the top.
I see his grey boots first and dare to look up to him. He has planted his legs under some jagged rocks and has his feet spread wide to take the weight. He holds out a free hand and I swing for it with the last of my pathetic energy. The feeling of his pale white, cool and huge palm comforts me instantly and I finally allow my battered muscles to relax.
He heaves me one last time and throws me over the top. I can’t even stand. I hit the bare stone like a bag of bricks and pant repeatedly for breath. He reaches under his brown leather apron and reapplies his leather gloves of the same color. He reaches down at the wet rock below and runs his covered finger tips over the surface of the green colored rock.
‘This.’ He splashes me with it. ‘You can drink.’ He nods at me as the redness fades at last from my strained face. I don’t hesitate to start slurping the cool and tasty water from the surface of the rock below my hands. It tastes milky with all of the calcium from the rock itself. I drink until my heart is content and my tired muscles satisfied.
I roll over and allow the gentle stream of satisfying water drench my hair and drain behind my armor. It instantly cools my shattered back and I breathe a gentle sigh of comfort. I open my eyes to see the sky for the first time since entering the packed jungle.
The sky is blue and pale, a welcome sight, and the sun is warm but gentle after the desert. The rock face we climbed opened up onto a raised plateau and I can finally see the path ahead.
The jungle stretches for miles and miles. Right up to the crest of the horizon. I can finally see the beasts that roam the land. I can just about see their heads above the canopy of trees below. They are fearsome, enormous, and snarling. They don’t see us. They are still too far away. The sounds of their stomping has become natural and I have all but drowned it out. But the sound of landing jets and the sight of a dark ship hovering in the sky, bearing a logo I instantly recognize, instantly fills me once again with fear.
Chapter 5
Discovered
My stolen rig must have been embedded with a tracking device. Figures. The ship passes right on by, flying low above the forest and making a b-line for the crash site of the rig. There is no doubt in my mind that they will be heading our way.
We weren’t careful about covering our trails either. Why would we be? I never thought they would be coming for us. It will be easy for them to pick it up when I think more about it. I left my bag at the beach. That was stupid. We killed that snake to eat and it bled out all over the place. I know the sand will cover it over but there will still be a signature for them to track.
The thoughts are racing through my mind but I still haven’t moved from the streaming water atop this rocky outcrop. Kolt remains irritatingly poised as usual. But he doesn’t even know it’s a problem. It dawns on me that I’ve told him nothing.
The Morris-Cooper Mining Company. The circular logo with a pick axe protruding from the centre makes me shiver. I think that the company had just been founded by two probably pretty nice guys some hundred or so years ago when the exploitation of space bound resources first began back on Earth.
Who would have known that it would have evolved into the heartless, evil, un-trustworthy company they became? I hope the two guys who formed it are rolling constantly in their graves knowing what their namesake became.
This changes things though. This is no longer a desperate mission of survival anymore for us. Well, just me I guess, since Kolt claims not to be bothered about rescue. That’s no longer necessary though. This just became a race to escape and find a way off the planet. This isn’t a rescue anymore. This is an evasion.
I slowly steady my breath. Kolt is peering into the distance, back the way we came, and in the direction of the landing craft. He hasn’t said anything even though he must have figured it out by the look of horror I just can’t hide. Something occurs to me. I haven’t even told him who I am or that I’m here because I’m a wanted criminal. I stole. I killed. And I guarantee they’re here for my ass.
‘It would seem you no longer require my help to be rescued?’ He stands aloof and cross armed. He briefly glances down to me. He must think these guys are my friends who have come to save me.
‘Oh that is so far from true I don’t know where to start.’ I say through panting breaths. I lift my soaked body from the ground. My legs have turned to jelly but I can stand and shake it off. He looks confused. That’s a lie. He looks the same. But he doesn’t reply to me right away so I can only guess that I have him stumped.
‘I don’t understand.’ He states. It take a while to think about how to explain it to him and look around the place. The sun caresses the green tops of the jungle canopy. The light dances across the colorful fruit bearing trees and creates a beautiful and color rich spectacle. It’s warmer up at the top of the rock face but I don’t mind.
The sun soothingly laps me dry after the hard climb and all I can smell is the dull, pungent scent of my own sweat. The rocky outcrop extends beyond the obvious. It forms part of a cracked and fractured ridge that weaves through the trees and cuts deep into the jungle, luckily, in the direction that we need to go in.
We can stay atop the jungle floor for a while and that would mean we are plenty out of the way of some of the bigger creatures. From this vantage point I can see far into the horizon, to the base of a mountain and some foothills before that. I follow the jagged edge of that mountain with my strained eyes up into the sky, where the peak disappears into a haze of high top clouds.
That must have been where we were heading. Kolt mentioned that he crashed his ship atop a mountainous peak. And I thought climbing this wall had been hard… I allowed myself a brief moment to feel afraid of what was to come but had to snap out of it. I don’t care how hard the walk or the climb will be, or even how many different things try to eat me on the way. I don’t want to go back. I can’t go back. I won’t let them take me.
‘Those would be my former employers.’ I begin my story, hands on hips, and staring blankly across the open jungle floor and into the hazy mountain face beyond. I emphasize the word “former” and hope that he clicks on.
He might have but still remains silent, arms folded, and peering in the opposite direction. I can make out some bobbing, reptile like heads weaving and forcing their way though the dense foliage below. They must be some of the bigger creatures. They have enormous teeth and snarl incessantly. I have to talk over them but I continue my story.
‘I probably got fired when I stole the rig from them.’ I decide to just drop the bombshell. My chest is starting to hurt and my muscles are still heaving. Kolt instantly spins around on the spot and glares at me through those bloodshot and piercing eyes.
I swear he’s laughing so low that I can’t hear it through the muffler of his mask. Maybe I’m just making it up. Still no reply from him though.
‘So I think its more a case of them coming here to, at best, drag me back to face the consequences, or at worst, just kill me.’ I think he is surprised to hear that. But it’s so damn hard to tell with him. ‘And I wouldn’t put that latter option at all past them.’
My voice grumbles after the effort of climbing and I meet his stare and hold it for the first time in our odd friendship. This time I hear him laugh. Openly, extravagantly and audibly. I can’t force my smile away. I might have actually broken through to him.
‘What’s so funny?’ I ask him, desperate to maintain the conversation. It might just be the longest one that we have had.
‘I didn’t think you had it in you, Sam.’ He says between genuinely disturbing laughs, each burst broken up by a very drawn out inhale through the grumbling mask. I want to be offended but literally can’t be bothered. I search my mind for a reply. I hate myself because nothing comes to mind witty enough to deter him.
‘Go to Hell mate.’ Is all I can manage. I turn my attention back to the rock face below. My vision is hazy as sweat permeates over my eye lids from across my brow. I can’t see the ground anymore. I can make out, however, that nothing is moving down there so I assume that the snapping dinosaurs must have gone.
He eventually stops laughing and somewhat surprisingly decides to give me the choice of what to do.
‘How should we proceed?’ He asks and composes himself instantly, like he just flicked an internal switch, one that returns him completely to normal and utterly, frustratingly, unreadable. I start to walk across the rocky surface of the elevated ridge we find ourselves on top of.
‘Any chance we can fly your ship out of here?’ I take a stab at a potential solution. ‘What kind is it anyway, you never told me?’ I bombard him with questions as my mind races through the possibilities. I lead him over the jagged rocks at my pace. I’m the one anxious to get going this time. I know what will be in store for me if I get caught by whatever security forces they have sent after me. 
They are a law unto themselves. They have their own armed security, or at least they call it security, they may as well be enforcers or military police or something. I bet it’s those they’ve sent after me. I watch my feet, not Kolt, since the surface of the ridge is unpredictable and any fall to either side of the narrow edges would be a death sentence.
‘No.’ Is all he says. I finally lose my temper with him. I’m so sick of his nonchalant sort of attitude and his vagueness every time I need information out of him.
‘Is that all you have?’ I raise my voice but still don’t turn. I know I’m the beta male in this relationship. This guy could snap me clean in half if he tried. I want to vent my frustration but not lose him as a friend. I’ll never make it on my own out here. I hear him sigh though his breather. I briefly glance up and he is walking much closer behind me than I though he was. That makes me flinch but I hold my ground.
‘My ship, is not my ship, I was only a soldier on board it. Maintenance and repair.’ He says. He sounds distant again. Like he was trying to pull out a dated memory from right at the back of his mind. At least that explains his odd and garish attire.
‘Then you can fix the damn thing?’ I keep on my course of anger and frustration. It might work. This is the most information I have been able to get out of him in two days.
‘It is “Kraken” Class.’ He says like a spark has gone off in his mind. But I know what that means. My heart flutters with childish and naïve excitement.
The Kraken Class, named after a mythical sea creature, was an enormous breed of interstellar vessel. Among the very first of them too. First breed of hyper drive engine. Balls to the wall space exploration with no hope of back up when it all went wrong!
They were used for conflict though. I’d never given any thought as to why Kolt was here. On this desolate and uncivilized world. But I guess he must have crashed during a fight.
But to the point at hand. There are two glaring problems with what he said. Problems that protrude from behind my mask of excitement. The Kraken’s are old. Very, very old. Museum old. So what the hell was he doing with one? And second. There was no way we could fly a Kraken on a crew strength of two. My overactive mind lurches into action and I start digging around my imagination for a solution to the questions.
We stumble a few more yards, I say we stumble, of course I mean I stumble. Kolt takes it in stride as always. 
‘Why did you bring a Kraken here?’ I decide to take a saw to the branch he is sat on. I can already predict his answer. And I’m poised and ready for the frustration of his reply.
‘I don’t remember.’ He says with no hesitation, but with a hint of frustration of his own, and proves me right. I push further.
‘The Kraken is a warship, Kolt, I didn’t even know they made any more after the Colony Wars.’ I stop, realize I’m screaming at him, and turn to look right at him. The Colony Wars ended a very long time ago ‘What the Hell did you come here for?’ I calm myself and hold his vacant stare. He shakes his head. He stays calm but I can sense somehow a deep and burning anger coming from inside of him. He stares into the distance over my shoulder and continues.
‘We maintain our course. We locate and board my ship and use the communication modules to call for help as planned.’ He hammers out a rehash of my own plan.
‘Call who?’ I ask, more calmed, and turn my attention back to the ridge we are trying to traverse across.
‘The Russian Council of Federal Governments.’ He sounds pleased and proud with himself for figuring out how to get off the planet. But more for the effort he has gone to dig out a what must have been a long lost memory.
But my heart virtually stops. I try so hard not to let my surprise and shock show. I feel a wave of bubbling fear boil over me like a freezing wave of icy water. I keep going with our path and hold onto the rocks beneath my feet using my clammy hands with as much power as I can manage.
I know my pace has slowed but I can’t help it. I try to control my breathing and not let my fear show. The Russian Federation doesn’t exist. It hasn’t for over a hundred years.
Chapter 6
The Morris-Cooper Mining Company 
I awake, the same way I do every miserable day, to a high pitched blaring alarm. At least I’m not alone. All of the other miners in my sector are up and ready too. They, like me, resist the urge to turn over and get a little more sleep.
There are days I would literally kill for just another five minutes. I know better than that though. I did it once and got a swift slap round my face from one of the brutish guards as penance for the crime of wanting just a few more seconds of shut-eye.
I crawl out of my top bunk, the highest of three, and jump to the cold floor. The impact shudders through my flat, bare feet and hurts a little but I’m used to it. I stretch but only briefly. Those thin cots are no way near big enough for a guy of my size to get a comfortable night’s sleep.
The walls of the facility are grey and uninspiring, cramped and claustrophobic, and aren’t exactly designed to make us comfortable. I file in line with my fellow downtrodden miners and wait for my turn to be served my daily intake of orphan grade gruel.
There are a hundred of us working in slave like conditions in this sector. There is no telling us apart, other than the tone of our skin, for we all wear the same bland grey vests and black trousers. The company don’t provide us or even allow us to provide our own nightwear. We just get these itchy wool based garments that serve as multi functional clothes. Night clothes first and underwear later when we stick our mining suits on all thrown into one nice unattractive and itchy package.
Some of these guys are close to tears every single morning. They’re the newest of us. We’ve all been there. We all came here at some point or another with dollar signs glistening in our eyes. With thoughts of new worlds, different frontiers, and life experiences bubbling through our young and naïve minds.
The first to arrive are the most distressed. They realize the truth behind the propaganda and it hits them like the slab metal of a sledge hammer. The rest of us have our hearts hardened to it by now.
Nobody says anything as we walk, single file, smelly and miserable, down the thin and grey concrete covered corridor to the cafeteria. There is barely enough room for a gentle sway of the shoulders in here. The cafeteria is no better. It’s serviced by more hopeless wrecks like ourselves.
There’s never any chance of service with a smile. I take a thin wooden tray that has compartments carved into it from a pile in the corner of the narrow and boxy room. I’ve had this one five other days so far. I know because I etch a little mark into the corner every day with my breakfast knife. Some of them I’ve had like fifty or more times. It’s odd how we pass the time here and measure out our sentences.
Some of the guys have notches scribbled in chalk above their pillows. I bet they wish they stood for all the women they managed to bed while they were here. I do.
The room is housed in a deep underground facility which contains all living quarters and access to the mines too. I can’t remember the last time I saw the sun. That’s why they serve us this crap. It’s laced with vitamins and minerals, all cheap to produce, to stop us getting rickets or scurvy. 
The young woman behind the chest high counter slops some white, lumpy, slop onto my tray with a deep spoon and refills it for the next guy. I used to say thanks to her. Can’t be bothered anymore. I never even got so much as a smile back from her. And she’s not exactly pretty either.
I take it, since there is no point in protesting, and go to sit on one of the white colored plastic tables set in the middle of the room. I don’t know what time it is. I don’t even know if it’s day or night. They keep us on a constant rotating shift so we never know how much sleep we have or anything like that. Alarms go off all the time as the next group rises or beds down.
They might even artificially lengthen the day or maybe even shorten it so it feels like time is all wrong. I have no proof of that but I don’t put it past them. I kept track the best I could for about a month. Now I have literally no idea. I can barely remember how long it has been since I started “working” for them. I think it’s years. I remember when I started but I can’t mark time here so I guess it could be longer.
We’re guarded the whole time. I wonder what they are. I never get to see their faces. They all wear red armor that is galvanized in a plastic shell and stand a good few inches above us. They might be bio-engineered slave drivers for all I know. They speak in different tones like men and women but they always wear mirrored masks that just cast my own reflection back at me every time I even dare to look at them.
They always stand there, wherever we are, looking menacing and ominous. They must get fed a damn sight better than we do though. The guys are massive with huge bulking arms that are the same size as most peoples’ legs. The women are tall, curvy, maybe even sexy. I can’t tell anymore. They might be horrible looking but I have nothing else to go by as I endure my long sentence of employment. I’ve had a good few beatings in my time from them.
‘What are you thinking about Parker? Any good dreams?’ His booming voice greets me as soon as I sit down. He sleeps one bunk below me and we mine together sometimes. He is a massive, muscular framed, and energetic black man. Doug. His teeth miraculously remain dazzlingly white after our long service underground.
He always asks me that. And it always really winds me up. I’m thinking the same thing that everyone else is thinking about. Taking a big axe and slamming it against some rocks for a few grueling hours. And I can’t remember the last time I had a good dream. I hit out at him over it.
‘Yeah.’ I say. ‘One really good one. I think your mother was in it.’ That’s out of character for me. His smile fades briefly but he soon erupts with glorious laughter. I wish more people were like him. It takes no time at all for one of the beating guards to come over and stomp on our brief exchange. They don’t even bother to ask us to be quiet. They slap me across the back of my head and do the same to my buddy.
He erupts though. He has a temper on him. I’ve seen it get him in trouble so many times before. He jumps to his feet and ignores the fact the tray he is holding still has food on it and starts beating the guard over the head with it. He grunts with every hollow impact. I want to help him. I really do. But I daren’t. I hate myself for it. They have me broken, beat down and afraid. Just where they like us. I wish I could be more like Doug and just swing out for a lucky punch.
The male guard endures a few beats and then punches out at my buddy. I’m frozen to my seat. I know what will happen to me if I try to help him out. That kind of insolence gets you thrown in isolation for sometimes months at a time. The female guard comes racing over and administers an electric shock to my friend with a concealed weapon. 
He hits the table, eyes still pinned wide open, and passes out immediately. The guards drag him off, spilling all of my food across the room as they do. I hate myself for not doing anything. I know what they’re doing is wrong and I hate the fact they have me too damn afraid to do anything about it. I quietly promise to no one but myself that one day things will change.
Breakfast is over quickly. I lost all my appetite and ate nothing. We are filed out into the changing area which is down a few more pale and uninteresting corridors. I was gonna miss Doug on this shift. Him getting dragged away has put me on a dangerous downer.
I pull my black suit on in silence in front of a towering blue locker as some of my team mates start to wake up and enjoy a few bantering jokes. I’m happy they have their spirits up. I honestly am. But mine is rock bottom and theirs will be soon too. Damn newbies. I don’t feel like getting involved. I still feel deeply ashamed.
The suit is tight and unforgiving to the male extremities. It has basic padding but it does nothing for you if you get a rock falling on it or anything like that. I’ve seen guy’s arms snap clean off before. It is patterned like a human muscular frame with protruding silver colored pads that emulate a six-pack figure and a good general muscle structure. I remember seeing the pictures of them and thinking, stupidly, that if I signed up I would end up looking awesome like that.
None of us have good frames. They feed us too much crap and we get no time to recover to build any muscle. I pull my mask on. It’s like a motorcycle helmet. It has interior lights that illuminate my face and allow me to see a few paces in front of me. It’s dark and claustrophobic to wear though. It intensifies my breathing and exaggerates the sound of my pulse through the sides of my neck. It freaked me out at first but now I just think they’re stupidly uncomfortable.
As soon as we are changed the shift leader, a short, bald, highly aggressive and insufferable son of a bitch, comes to take us to the mine. I hate that guy so much. He talks like he owns the place. Like he knows everything there is to know. He thinks he has all his life figured out and that life comes easy to him.
He gets a kick out of how beaten down and depressed we all look at the end of our long slog. He likes to wind us up and take the piss out of us all day long, like he could do any better at this hard as nails, rubbish job than we can. He thinks he’s God’s gift to the job. 
At the end of the day the dumb ass is still stuck down here with us, staring at the same rock for months on end, watching and laughing at us as we try to break it apart. That epitomizes what I hate the most about this job. They caught us, all of us, with promises of promotion and creating a better life. If this is the kind of guy I would have to turn into to “make it” to the next level in the company, then they can keep it.
He leads us through a large air locked door, that is locked with a spinning mechanism in the middle of two splitting parts, and down the dry black rocks to the same face of brick we’ve been hammering at for months on end. We were supposed to be mining a crag in the planet for some damn mineral I’ve never even heard of.
I stay pretty much silent for my whole shift. You would think that in this day and age we would mine using expensive equipment but that’s not true. I think it’s more economical to slave drive us into the ground with sharpened pick axes. And then just replace us when we burn out and die. Humans are cheap. Machines aren’t.
I swing my axe at the rock face, deep down in a dark tunnel completely void of natural light, relentlessly at the unforgiving wall. I swing hard each time but I can’t get the picture of my buddy getting dragged away from the back of my eyes. I hate this place. I hate getting talked down to the way that I do. I hate how the security forces lord it over us and how we never get any time to get off-world and enjoy some downtime. I hate that I never see my family any more, barely even get the chance to call them up. 
There is no light down here. Just the silly, virtually useless head torches they have built into our crash helmets.
I think about quitting. I think about it all of the time. I don’t even know how to do it though. I don’t even know how to go about handing a notice in. I never see a “higher up” to even talk to them. Not that I would dare. 
I know my energy isn’t up to scratch. I think about how I used to be. I think about how I used to try to impress my boss on my first few shifts with him and I would slam at the rock as hard as I could over and over again until some small speck broke off. 
I remember how he used to praise me and say I would do well and that I would go far. How naïve was I? That disappeared after a few months and then the beating started. 
The guys in the sleeping quarters used to hate me. They hated how enthusiastic I was and how I made them look bad. They never did anything about it. I would forgive them now if they just beat the living daylights out of me every single night. But they didn’t. And they didn’t because they knew what would happen. They knew the company, and its true colors, would soon shine through and that I would turn into the same bitter and destroyed sort of wreck that they are.
I know I’m not like that anymore. I know my boss detects that I’m on my way down and he is on my case every single day. Life shouldn’t be like this. Slaving away for some company, never seeing your family, never being able to get out and meet new people. Maybe even a girl. While I might still be young. I can’t even remember if I am or not. I don’t feel it. I feel old.
I swing my axe with mere muscle memory. There’s no thought behind it. There is no power behind it. There is no intent with any swing. The dull edge of the blade just chinks at the stone all day long. I assume, of course, that it is even day time. There truly is no way to tell. Some of the guys to my side have a few boulders, fist sized fragments of the rock face, lain on the floor beside them. I have nothing to show for the shift. I know I’m in for it. I can’t bring myself to care though.
‘Parker?’ There goes his aggressive, grating little voice. He looks up at me from his stunted frame and immediately invades my personal space.
‘What?’ I’m immediately shallow with him. I’m hostile and he hates it. It might dig my grave for me but I’m not backing down to this guy today. 
I don’t know if he can sense my deflated tone or, even if he does, if he will care or not. I doubt he has any emotion beating through his shallow heart.
‘Why haven’t you got anything from today?’ He emphasizes the word “why” with such a condescending tone. It gets right under my skin.
‘I guess the rock is too hard right there.’ I point at it. He thinks I’m being sarcastic. I am, but not intentionally, I just want this over with as soon as possible. He hardens his stance and flares at the nostrils. I can see the shadow below his nose stretch, illuminated by the weak lights in his helmet.
‘If you can’t do this job then I’ll just find someone else who can!’ He barks at me as he points an accusatory finger right at my chest. I can feel the primal rage build up inside of me. Just like I feel it every time he starts. But there is something different about today. Today, I can’t stop it, and I don’t want to either.
‘Then how do you pay to feed your family, I bet your fat mother eats ten tons a day!’ He barks again. And there it is. I snap. Like I’ve wanted to for so long. The pent up anger raised inside of me finally releases and I’m no longer in control. I submit entirely to the beast within. 
I lift up my axe and strike the sorry son of a bitch with the dull end of it. The force of the blow, the most powerful I’ve delivered all day, cracks right through his glass helmet face. I can see the fear in his face. I see his eyes widen and his chin wobble. And I love it. I’m the top dog all of a sudden!
This sorry, small and pitiful man has made me, and my whole group, feel like less than crap for years and now I’m on top! I strike him again and he falls to the floor. The glass shatters with the second blow and he gasps for oxygen in the shallow atmosphere of the cave. I want to kill him. The un-evolved ape inside of me wants to pulverized this small, pathetic, insect of a man into the dirt beneath my feet just because he dared to look at me wrong!
If this was a dog eat dog world, like it should be, if we were back in the dark ages before the infection of civilization, like we should be, if this was survival of the fittest and the lesser man ended up on the menu? Then I’d have killed him and feasted on his blood for a week. Regrettably, the civilized man with a conscience, who knows that its wrong to kill for any reason, stops me in my tracks.
I finally see again through my rage glazed eyes and look at my bewildered colleagues who are staring at me blankly in a welcome state of disbelief. I realize my teeth are gritted shut and I’m panting hard for breath to calm my surge of adrenaline. It suddenly occurs to me. Any one of these men could have sounded the alarm by now. More than that they could have stopped me themselves. But they haven’t.
I make a run for it, carried by the empowering sense that I might just escape this persistent nightmare.
I run like I’ve never ran before. My feet pound hard off the solid rocky surface of the cave and I make for the airlock. There are other miners still working. I have a chance at this. The news can’t have spread that fast if people are still working. I race through the mine as fast as I can. I lean into every turn so I can make it around the tight and twists rocky outcroppings.
I knock three guys right off their feet as I round the last corner to the air lock. I would like to stop and ask them if they’re ok but I fight that urge and carry on. The door is locked. Obviously. I still have my axe and I’m not going to be defeated! I swing it hard into the locking mechanism in the centre of the door. It sparks but doesn’t budge. I hit it again with every inch of swing I can manage. Again with heart pulsing agony! Once more and it relents.
The mechanism drops limply to the floor with a circular rotating motion, like a coin dropping only to remain unsettled. The door springs open. People are getting worried. I can see them over my shoulder, they huddle into the wall struck with fear, but I don’t care!
The door to the airlock springs open and I enter it. I jam the axe into the next door and hit it over and over until it drops too. I swing my axe as hard as I can into the ventilation chamber above until it stops working too. I did that out of malice and I really enjoyed it.
I’m back in the changing area. The next crew are getting ready for their shift, they are glued to the benches in fear too. I enter the room like a snarling, pulsating, enraged dragon wielding my axe tightly about my clenched fists. Every time I breath out I unintentionally snarl or growl.
They do nothing, so I bolt it past them and make for the next corridor that I don’t recognize. If I’m going to make it out then I need to go to places that I don’t know off the top of my head. The only other direction would lead me back to my bed chamber, where I could most usefully, pull the covers over my head and hide until I got found and likely shot.
I bolted through a red colored door that thankfully wasn’t locked. The light was the first thing that hit me. The powerful yet gentle sun high in the sky instantly blinded me but did nothing to sooth my enraged temper. The door led out to a raised, mesh patterned, metal walkway.
It ran off in several directions like a spider web connecting a million different stairwells and other facilities. The steel frames clung against the rocky fissures and crags. Two guards spotted me right away. Both guys, massive, with huge muscles and decked out in red, combat bruised, armor came bearing down on me from over the walkway. 
I don’t know where to go. My fight or flight reaction was stuck on the former. I bolted right to them. I hit the first guy so hard with a dipped shoulder that he stumbled right away and fell, with a shattering scream, to the rocky surface below. I heard his body hit the ground and snap.
It should have filled me with dread. It should have filled me with anger at myself and it should have made me feel guilty and depressed. I’d taken a life. But it didn’t. I was glad and that scared me even more. The last guy stopped dead, afraid of me, and turned to run away. I threw my axe off the back of his head. It hit his helmet hard, cracked it through the middle, and the guy fell to the floor limp. The metal walkway creaked under the shock of his weight.
I wanted his armor. He had a laser weapon on him too. The axe could go. I tossed it over the side without thinking twice. I threw off my mining uniform as fast as I could and started pulling the red armor off the lifeless body. I knew it wasn’t going to be a snug fit but it seemed to stretch or shrink around the wearer. Shrink in my case.
No one had discovered me so I was safe to wander around so long as I got rid of this body. I lifted the guy slowly over the rail that guarded the sides of the walkway. He was heavy. I swung his torso over the rail then lifted his legs so that he was precariously balanced on the tiny edge of the metal. I shoved him to the floor below. I knew it would kill him. He opened his eyes as he slumped into the rock. His look of fear will always be etched onto the back of my eyes.
I discarded the helmet. It was cracked so I couldn’t see anything out of it when I briefly tried it on. I could see a rig connected to the walkway that didn’t have a guard by the door. I needed to get far away. The structure was like an oil rig, used in the not too distant past, in oil rich areas back on Earth. There was a module welded on the base that would make it capably of space flight.
It had hyper drive. A basic one I assumed as I studied it from the ledge and a deck to the side that would presumably be the cockpit. Pipe lines traced its every corner and I could make out the drill mechanism penetrating through the middle of the metal honeycomb structure.
That was a good a chance as any. I broke out into a swift jog. My heavy boots crashed over the metal walkway and the impact vibrated and echoed throughout the rocky surroundings. I was still alone for now. I could see, in the distance, a few guards over on the other walkways to my left. They were far enough away to remain undisturbed. The sound must not be carrying that far and their vision, in the long distance, must be somewhat impaired by the shell of their helmets.
I hit the door hard with my shoulder to brake it open. It wasn’t too strong and the weak lock gave way with just one barge. The metal lock fell to the concrete floor with a dull thud. I brushed my palm over the but of the laser weapon, and suddenly realized I had no idea how to use it. I couldn’t see or hear anyone in the next area.
The next area served as entrance to the rig. It was honeycombed and I could see though it past the strong metal beams. It consisted of a long corridor that led to an open concrete stairway. It reminded me of a space shuttle entrance. I was always a dreamer. That’s why I came here. I always wanted to explore space. That kind of thing had fascinated me as a kid in my history lessons.
I run again, all the way up to the stairs, and don’t even pause to check that the way was clear like I should have.
‘Hey!’ Damn it! There were four of them in the stair way that I hadn’t seen. They had me pinned from an elevated position and my adrenaline was starting to fall. My heart started beating harder and harder and I contemplated, although very briefly, giving up.
I drew the laser gun and started pulling at the trigger. I should have been watching where I was pointing it. I wasn’t expecting it to go off at all. I thought there might have been a safety mechanism or something. The bolts of laser energy, red and dazzling, slammed against the concrete and fired dust and fragments of brick up into the air.
I breathed in, by mistake, and inhaled a lot of particles. I couldn’t stop coughing. I could hear them laughing at me. Mocking me. I guess I deserved it.
‘Come on, kid, you had a good run!’ One of them jested and was met with applauding laughter and a few claps and high fives from his dumb ass buddies. I was, again, filled with rage. 
They added fuel to my burning fire and I was empowered some more to not back down. I don’t care if I die here like this. I’d rather die than go back. I raised my gun through the fog of dust and fired as many times as I could until the weapon stopped. It overheated, burned my hand right through my armored glove, and I dropped it like a rookie on the floor.
The first body fell down the stairs, parting the wave of dust as it fell, and slumped at the base with smoldering holes in the man’s armor. I flared at the nostrils and my muscles felt unnaturally tense. I steadied my breath, relaxed my shoulders and felt my face go numb, not with regret or self hate. But anger and pride. I start walking up the stairs, passing three more burnt bodies as I climb and don’t stop to give them the time of day to even look at them.
I follow the next areas, corridors and adjacent rooms containing supercomputers and navigational gear blindly on auto pilot. I feel invincible and above the law. I stuff my hand into my pocket when it starts throbbing from the pain of the burn. There is a security card in there. I take hold of it and a door to my right suddenly sparks into life. 
The circular locking mechanism spins into life and the door thunders open. It reveals a control room, maybe a bridge, I step in and the door closes.
All at once the emotion hits me. I feel elated at first. I managed to tear off the shackles that bound me to this modern day form of slavery. I managed, all of a sudden, to show my boss just what I thought of him and beat him down just like he did to us day after day. But I’d killed. I didn’t know that was in me. I’d hoped it wasn’t. My chest tightens and I feel an insurmountable wave of depression lift over me. 
I only notice my tears as they start rolling down my cheeks and splashing into little puddles across the matt black floor. I start to shake uncontrollably and I can feel all the solidity ebb away from me. The resolve I used to beat the life out of my boss, tear my way out of the mine, kill six guards on my way to the rig, suddenly but surely ebbs out of me. All the negativity, pain and self hate rushes through me and fills me with dread.
I cry for what feels like hours, holding an open palm to my brushed beard, gritting my teeth over the side of my hand. I bite down hard so that the pain takes my mind away from what I just did. It isn’t enough. I punch myself hard on the side of the cheek to try and snap out of it. But I just fall to my knees. I start hitting my head, over and over again, off the side of the centre console until I can see nothing but dazzling white in the backs of my eyes.
I stop just before I pass out and roll back, slumping to the cold floor, a broken and deflated man. 
I must have knocked something. Images and charts started filling the screen above my head. It was mounted above the centre console so high that I had not even seen it when I came in. The centre console allowed full vision through the windows ahead, but the pilot or captain would have to lift his head to see any data displayed upon the screen. The pictures showed a luscious world, filled with greenery, roaring rivers, interesting creatures and rolling hills.
The charts that occupied the other half of the screen displayed densities of detected natural gas. The planet I was looking at was not too dissimilar from Earth long before the advent of the human race. It’s fossil fuels were rich. The Morris-Cooper Company must have been planning on flying this hybrid rig there and mining for the gas deposits.
I decide in an instant what I’m going to do. I’ve made my choice, I made it when I first struck my boss with my axe, and there is no turning back from the things that I have done in the last half hour. I’m going to steal it. I’m going to fly the damn thing there and just take my chances. I’m blind to the numbing sensation of uncertainty. I just don’t care any more. I’ll fly this thing there and mine for the gas myself or something. 
I used to fly crop sprayers for my Dad. They were equipped with small jet fired engines, were unstable in flight, needed constant adjustments, and landed like catapulted cows. Those were more basic than this, this thing has flight intelligence, probably an auto pilot too, and I’m confident that I can get it going.
I peer, through tear filled and glazed eyes, out of the window ahead. I can see a much larger group of guards heading my way from over the metal walkways that stretch in every direction. 
It has to be now. I reach for the console. There is a huge lever and a sequence of buttons. One is clearly marked “Start”. They might as well have just given me the key and flown it away for me. I hit the large circular, green and illuminated button and listen as the belting hyper drive rattles to life.
The Morris-Cooper Company aren’t that well off. It must be a second hand death trap but it seems to fly alright. I must have initiated a launch sequence because the metal walkways immediately start tearing away to a burst of exploding bolts. I smile, irresistibly, as the guards are thrown from the swinging walkways and down to the rocky floor. 
The rapid, vertical, acceleration is dizzying. I feel like something is pushing down hard on the top of my skull as the rig begins to climb. A few warning lights begin to flash but I ignore them. I have no idea what they mean and I couldn’t care less.
I’m riding on luck though and I know it. I hope this works. I scream and hold onto the console tight as I’m propelled into the upper atmosphere. The power of the engine suddenly lessens as I become weightless. I had forgotten, stupidly, all about the absence of gravity up in space. I keep tight hold of the centre console and pull hard to make myself float through the bridge to the pilots chair ahead.
I enjoy the sensation of being in zero gravity and I wish I had time to savor it. I should know that the guards have no way to follow me but I’m riding the blinding adrenaline of an escape. I don’t want to just float about amicably in space. I want to set my course and get away.
I pull myself down to the cold leather seat and tuck my feet under the dashboard to hold myself in place as I pull two thick straps over each of my shoulders and secure them into their anchor points at my sides. The warning light that was blaring before, accompanied with an incessant beep, stops as soon as the harness clunks into place. 
A screen in front of me flickers to life. My hands don’t know what to do. I had, rather stupidly, been expecting a steering wheel or joy stick or something. I got lucky again though. Because the course had already been lain in. I made one last check through the onboard systems to confirm that no one had been trapped on board. I cycled through a few basic screens and found one that stated, in bold red letters across a blue screen, no personnel on board.
My stress level dropped a touch and I cycled through the screens using a little button to the left of the monitor, back to the original display that conveniently asked me in a pop up window if I would like to begin the course. I tapped it a few times to no avail. I took off my gloves and that worked. The screen was skin sensitive. I could hear, rather than feel, the engine flicker back into life. 
A split second later and the intense g-force began to build as the rig built up some inertia. I sighed and lay back once the course settled. Stars raced past my window in a dazzling flurry and spectacle. I let myself slip into their hypnotic trance, then finally closed my eyes to sleep. I hope when I wake I can start coming to terms with what I did.
Chapter 7
Mountain Pass
I don’t talk to Kolt for a while. I rapidly came to the conclusion that he is well and truly off his rocker. I concentrate on the difficulty of the climb to take my mind off some of the things he had said.
It works. The rock is slippery as the mist begins to form above the elevated crag we climbed onto to get out of the way of some dinosaurs. We need to get down soon though. I can see the base of the mountain ahead, rising up into the sky, after some rolling foothills.
I keep peering up into the cloud cover to see if I can catch a glimpse of his Kraken Class warship atop the mountain. I wonder though, I wonder if he even has a ship at all, I can’t figure out the reality of the guy. I hope it is a Kraken though. I’d love to see one.
‘We should camp up here tonight.’ Kolt finally breaks the awkward silence and stops. He is right. The sun is dipping into the back of the mountain ahead and sending rays of dazzling orange light through the methane soaked atmosphere. It casts a long shadow of the mountain across the darkening jungle floor.
It would be a literal nightmare getting through the jungle in this darkness. But it doesn’t stop me wanting to. I decide to protest. I can’t figure this guy out. One minute I trust him completely then he drops a bomb like that and my faith in him fades quickly. 
I’m not sure I like the idea of sleeping on his watch. I’d almost rather battle on and try to make it through the dinosaur infested mess, then make the climb up the mountain the next day. I know that will be hard but I’ve pulled many double shifts and feel its worth a shot.
‘I think we should keep going.’ He looks at me dazed for a second.
‘Ok, it’s your call.’ He answers and starts looking for a way off the rocky outcropping. It doesn’t look like the way down will be any easier than the way up though. 
There are no vines to climb down as we reach the last possible point where we can get down and stay on track as we head for the base of the mountain. There is no more water either. The rocky fissure has dried out almost completely, and by the looks of it as I dangle my head over the edge, the climb is going to be long and difficult. 
I sigh, look longingly at the deceased sun, and prey that I’m doing the right thing by keeping on going. I’m surprised that Kolt doesn’t stop me.
I lower myself from the rocky edge and grip the top ledge as hard as I can. The sharp rock cuts deep and slowly into my bare palms. Blood begins to trickle along my extended fingers and down into the sleeve of my torso plated armor. The warmth of it feels nice but the metallic smell of the fresh blood immediately hits me.
It makes me feel sick. I run my feet down the wall until they find a small, narrow and dangerous ledge to take my weight. I can’t see where I’m going at all. I wouldn’t mind the climb at all, but I don’t like the feeling of doing it blind. 
I hang on tight and work out my route. My heart is pounding and the stress is having the opposite effect than the one I want on my grip. I have to concentrate and fight the urge to let go all of the time. 
I can see the rock face slopes away to my right and forms a sort of chimney feature that I think I can just about wedge myself into. I can brace myself between each of it’s sides. That might make the climb a little less harrowing and will undoubtedly increase my already low chances of survival. 
I feel my way along the crag, bouncing my feet along the wall as I find ways to lower myself inch by inch to my target. The light is disappearing fast. I hadn’t thought. I though by the position of the sun when we were on the ridge chatting, that we had a good few hours left. I guess the orbit of the planet might be different than I am used to. 
Come to think of it, the days certainly do seem shorter than I had grown used to back on my own world. They were certainly shorter than an Earth day of 24 hours.  I try to look on the bright side as a I scramble down the cliff. If the day is short then the night will be short too. I hope. My logic insists to me that the spin of the planet will be even and the night will be just as long as the day or thereabouts.
My hands are starting to throb. I graze them across the sandy and abrasive rock every time I reach down for the next insufficient hold. They wont stop bleeding and the slippery texture of the sickly red liquid makes every move all the harder. 
I finally reach the entrance to the chimney feature. It is a hollowed out half tunnel shape in the side of the rock. I brace one foot hard against the other side and tense my leg muscle to hold myself in place. I take that time to rest, get my breath back, align my thoughts and make sure I get my gloves back out from my pocket. I thought my bare hands would have better grip but I’ve just torn them apart.
My legs will be doing the work for a fair while now so I put my gloves on to stop the bleeding. I glance up to see Kolt follow. He is much taller than I and he is, frustratingly, finding the awkward moves much easier than I do. He pushes down hard on each precarious shelf and lowers himself with ease given his immense strength. 
I have to get going again or he is going to be on top of me and impatient to complete the next section of the wall. I find a good spot for my hands and brace my back as hard as I can against the back wall of the tunnel shape. I think if I increase my surface area against the rock then I will be able to stay on it for longer! I start to slide my leg down and step by step lower myself down. I slip occasionally but a quick brace of the back and a tight tensing of whichever leg is taking my weight stops the slide dead before I end up plummeting the remaining few feet into the jungle overgrowth below. 
I glance up to see Kolt enter the chimney. He braces his two arms against each side and takes on the shape of a starfish. Alright for him. I think to myself. He is as strong as an ox and I can‘t help but feel deeply envious of him. I take another few steps and descend below the canopy of the jungle.
I can finally see the end of the climb. My body brushes past some moist leaves and I battle a few sharp stabbing branches to descent into the darkness of the jungle. I can see the water below. It is murky and I can’t tell how deep it is through the veil of darkness. I have two choices. Leap for the water and let my battered and aching muscles rest a while as I embrace the fall, or I jump for a tree trunk near by and try to wrap myself around it and shimmy down. My muscles scream for me to take the first option. 
I scream in anger and to let out the frustration, let myself go limp, and leap with all the might my legs can manage, away from the hard and crumbling wall. The fall feels like a long time. But in reality it was probably only a few seconds. I flail my legs around and swing my arms to try to stop myself toppling and spinning before the impact of the water.
I feel the waves part as my feet hit first. The cold of the water is unreal, not welcoming, and very scary as I feel my head sink below the surface. It’s immediately pitch dark and the water gushes up my nose and fills my lungs. I want to breath in with shock but fight the urge. My armor suddenly feels heavy and I battle with already over exerted legs to make the surface. 
I finally break through the water tension at the top and gasp for air. I must have been the loudest thing around. A few flutters sound from the jungle undergrowth to the side of the body of water. I didn’t realize at first but the water is fast moving. 
I only realize when I look up to see Kolt, he is still clinging to the rock surface with his massive hands. It looks for a while as though he is floating there, suspended by his enviable ability to stick to vertical walls, but I realize that I’m quickly moving away from him. I just about catch the look of horror in his frightening eyes before turning my attention to wherever it is I’m being sped off to. I hear the splash behind me as Kolt dives in to try to help me. Why do I keep second guessing this guy?
I’m starting to panic hard. I have no control over where I’m going and can’t steady my erratic breathing. I suddenly feel a cold, wet, but very strong hand grip around my shoulder. I jump a little at first then quickly remember that it’s Kolt.
‘You should have stayed on the wall!’ I shout to him, mostly through sheer embarrassment, but also because I don’t want both of us to have to die because of my silly mistake. 
‘Hold on Parker!’ He shouts back and lifts his drenched arm out of the water to point to a sheet of white foaming bubbles ahead. My heart leaps. My mind irritatingly points out the cliché but we are sure as sure heading for the cusp of a waterfall! 
I instinctively try to battle against the rampaging current but find I have nothing against it. Kolt just stares at it and focuses. 
‘Don’t fight Parker.’ He pushes me back and launches himself forth. He swims a few hard breast strokes towards the fall and leaps out of the water like a majestic dolphin. He transforms his stance into a practiced, ornate swan dive and jumps headfirst down into the unknown. I can just let the fury of the water carry me helplessly. I take a few breaths and hope inside that they aren’t my last.
The force of the waves pound me over the edge and I immediately see the distance I’m about to fall. The vertigo hits me immediately as my helpless body is thrown over the side. I feel weightless again, just like I had back in the rig when I first stole it, but the feeling that follows I had not predicted. 
The adrenaline calms me, focuses my eyes, soothes me and appeases my panic. I even enjoy the fall. The darkness is broken by the reflections cast upon the jungle from the moons in the sky. The silver light sharply penetrates the jungle canopy and shows us the way. The fall is not long but the impact of the next body of water hurts bad. 
That sensation of enjoyment fades quickly, luckily, so does the powerful current. I though it might drag us both under and drown us before we had any chance of breaking past the gushing torrent of water from above. We are, instead, thrown aside and float gently to the shore of the calming river. 
Kolt laughs contently, through labored, rattling breaths and grabs hold of the first boulder big enough to support his weight. He holds out a solid hand and pulls me from the rivers cold grasp. I waste no time in hauling myself up onto the muddy shore, rolling onto my back, and staring up at the sky as I’m filled with an overwhelming sense of gratitude. The river has, I eventually notice, carried us in the right direction.
The jagged edge of the frowning mountain sticks out like an unwelcome thorn from the sides of the horizon. The crisp moonlight illuminates the compacted snow that settles so firmly to the rocky abyss. We are just about at the start of the mountains foothills. We are by no measure out of danger yet.
‘We should get going.’ Kolt insists and drags himself out of the water. He stands tall, un-fazed, and waits as the water gushes over his shoulders and washes down the leather apron across his chest. He leans down, stretches out his hand, as water droplets from his chest and shoulders splash onto my bright red face, and pulls me to my feet. I’m amazed I can still stand.
The atmosphere of the crowded jungle turns tense as I look around, still panting for breath. I straighten out my armor, take off my gloves and turn them up side down to get all of the water and blood out. I can feel the humidity rise and know that means my clothes aren’t going to dry out until the morning sun breaks. 
The steam coming from my soaked body chokes my nostrils and stops me taking a deep and satisfying breath. Kolt reaches around his back and takes hold of his ancient gun. He starts playing with the rifle and takes off a few parts to let water out.
I don’t think it’s ever going to work again. He must reach that same conclusion and tosses it aside. I really should protest, those guards from the Morris-Cooper Company could be anywhere behind us, and I don’t want to give away any clues as to where we might be. I comfort myself with the thought that they will most likely lose the track as we entered the water and decide to say nothing.
I start to look around and watch the gentle sway of the leaves above my head. The wind gently caresses the tree tops but I feel nothing of the benefit of a light breeze. It’s still stifling and hot down here at ground level. We need to move but the tense atmosphere has me genuinely spooked.
Maybe we should have camped after all.  I start to listen for every sound against the eerie backdrop of silence. A bug here or there chirps away until it gets picked off by a lizard or frog. I can hear their tongues slapping away trying to catch the flies and crickets.
We start to walk, minding our every single step, and make slow progress though the mud and grass. I can hear my boots squelch with every rise of my leg and I wish that I could do something to stop it. I feel like there is something listening to my every move. I feel something has eyes on me at all times. I hope I’m just being paranoid but can’t dismiss the feeling that we are being watched. I control every single exhale as I battle the urge to suck in a deep, loud, and oxygen filled lung full of air. 
I’m following Kolt, trying to focus on his every footstep so that I can follow it. I watch his apron fold and sway as he picks his way into the deep vegetation. I take care as I brush past the oversize leaves not to snap them and alert the surrounding predators to our whereabouts. I calculate every sway and press of my heel, sometimes balancing one hand on his shoulder, to stop myself falling into a muddy hole.
I can make out a few creatures against the green, silver lined, and harshly yet unsatisfactorily lit background of trees and shrubbery. The odd spider or two, dinner tray sized each of them, and a few snakes coiled around the branches above our heads. I can hear their tongues slide out of their greasy mouths and slap the air, tasting it to see what new victims had entered it’s territory. They must be poised to strike but we give them no reason to and pass on by amicably. These snakes aren’t big enough to feast upon us. I think if we leave them be then they will leave us be. They will only strike out if we threaten them or give them some other reason to do it.
I try my hardest to comfort my over active mind with that reality but it does nothing to calm my sharpened nerves. I let Kolt step ahead a little and give him some breathing space. He must think I’m some small child who just needs to be led by the hand the whole time.
I don’t know how long we have walked but the effort of hiding my every motion is tiring me out faster than I thought it would. I start to get angry at myself. I should have listened to Kolt and stopped for the night up on the safety of the ridge. But those thoughts are useless now. Hindsight paints a wonderfully vivid image.
Foresight? In that I am clearly lacking. We have made our choices, found ourselves deep in the heart of a jungle infested by snarling beasts that were supposed to be, in my mind at least, extinct, and there is no turning back. 
The jungle eventually opens into a welcome clearing and I take a deep, long overdue breath and exhale out with a gentle rumble in my throat. I’m relieved to be able to see a few feet ahead of me at long last. Kolt casts me a disapproving glare and holds a raised finger against his closed lips to shut me up. 
The clearing reaches as far as the first gently sloping grassy hill that we need to climb as we inch closer to the mountain ahead. He crouches down to hide under the shadow of the gentle hill. He can’t see over it and I certainly can’t. Maybe he can sense something atop and over the other side. I take his same position and rest my tired hands against my raised knee. 
He starts creeping, stalking, up the slippery, dewy moist grass and step by step, shuffles closer to the crest of the hill. I join him at the top and see nothing. But the deep, rumbling, belting and terror inducing roar that shatters the very sky confirms we have stumbled into something we might not be able to run away from!
Chapter 8
Stampede
The sound comes from our right and a powerful, enormous, muscular and ripped monster shatters the tree line to shreds. It bursts out from the jungle cover, sending logs and branches flying as though they were mere twigs, and makes a b-line right for us!
Each stomp rattles through the very ground and vibrates up my spine. I suddenly feel weak, inch tall, and helpless in the face of such brutish power. My heart skips and my legs don’t know what to do.
I gasp. My body starts to lurch in the opposite direction before my head follows it. I’m entranced by the gargantuan scale of the scaly dinosaur that stampedes towards to us. It opens it drooling jaws one more time, brandishing it’s man sized and shark like teeth and belts out another ferocious roar. The sound rasps out of it’s vocal chords and lasts longer than I can stand to listen to it. 
I finally turn and start sprinting in the opposite direction. My legs carry me over the crest of the hill with Kolt in tow. We break the top of the bank and catch a glimpse of the grazing beasts in the valley below. The hills roll all over the land and there is no flat space other than the river that gently slithers its way through the scene.
There are a few dozen, grey and clay colored, but large animals lapping up the fresh water. They seem meek and fickle until they hear the predatory monster lurch over the muddy banks with two members of an unknown species bouncing away from it. 
They immediately break from whatever it is they are doing, whether it be drinking or grazing, and start racing in the opposite direction. I didn’t know I could run this fast. Perhaps I’d never found the right motivation to run this fast though. My legs pound against the soft dirt and I even mage to keep pace with the much more powerful figure that is Kolt to my right. 
My head feels like it is about to burst as blood rushes all over my body. We race down another hill and into the midst of the grazing hoard. They are startled and are all starting to run as one uncontrollable mass in the opposite direction. They start to bark and shriek as they each catch and lock eyes with the marauding beast behind us. I know we can’t outrun these things. The size of them is impressive. They each stand twice the height of myself and their legs are well toned and sleek enough to race up to speeds I doubt I could reach on a motorbike back home.
I cast a desperate look over to Kolt. He is still pounding through the mud, racing up and over the foothills, and remains focused on the space only directly ahead of him. I have an idea but have no idea how we can pull it off. We don’t need to outrun the megalith behind us, just at least one of the weaker beasts among us.
‘Kolt!’ I yell to him, turning my head to him but only briefly, just to get his attention. I spy a fallen tree directly ahead of us and a younger animal that seems to have fallen behind the pack. The tree sits high enough to ensnare it but not us. The wooden trunk has fallen, ripping the roots from right under the dirt, probably in a recent rainstorm or during this river’s flood season. It still bears leaves and flourishes, growing new stalks from its rotten mast, and once more reaches up to the sky. 
He catches my eye but says nothing. It must be getting hard for him to breathe through his ventilator, especially given the current over exertion. 
‘We need to trap that one!’ I scream at the top of my lungs, battling the sounds of both the waves of the nearby river, the stamping of the weaker beasts, and the ear splitting roar of the monster behind us. 
I point quickly to the struggling herbivore in front of us. It is young, and it hits me for just a second how sad it will be to sentence it to death, then serve it up on a plate to the carnivore quickly gaining on us. I draw my arm back quickly as I feel my pace slow due to my loss of balance. I return it to my side where it dutifully waves back and forth in time with my sprinting legs. 
I can just about see Kolt nod from the corner of my eye and we break off in opposite directions to try to get along side of the struggling young buck. It is howling, almost like it is pleading, through his tired beak and I can’t help but feel sorry for it. That thought is quickly forced to the back of my mind. No way do I want to die by dinosaur meal when it can instead. 
I pound my feet harder and race further to its side. Kolt has, through the same kind of considerable effort, managed to get along it’s other side. A classic flanking maneuver. Not that anything about flanking a failing young dinosaur can be described as “classical”.
I hear it howl one last time before it goes crashing into the rotting tree’s fallen trunk. I hear its neck bone snap hard with a splintering crunch and see it’s head fall limp on it’s short neck. It stumbles and falls immediately at the base of the tree. The trunk splinters in half and both Kolt and I have to dive, in near perfect synchronization, forward some distance in order to not get trapped. 
We each turn in the pit of mud in which we have landed just in time to see the formidable beast stamp on the shoulder of it’s prey to trap it and finally kill it. The beast wastes no time in lowering it’s beak and ripping into the flesh of the young buck. I know that we are safe now the monster has been appeased with a meal, I have no energy to move, but I don’t really want to see the thing feed. 
I try to pull myself out of the mud but my tired arms keep slipping as my open palms fail to find any traction on the slippery brown soil.
I hear an unmistakable tearing noise and listen to the springy sounds of ligaments snapping and muscle fiber tearing as the monster feeds on the fresh, raw meat. The blood of the fallen creature starts to pour liberally out of it’s countless teeth wounds and soaks the surrounding area in a sickening rich red color. I can feel the warm liquid trickle up my trouser legs and soak my boots through. That motivates me to claw my way to my feet and stand. Kolt has just about made it up too. 
This time, to my surprise, he takes my hand to get his balance. The scene unfolding under the shelter of the tree is like a horrific crash. I can’t look away. My inner blood lust stops me from just walking away.
‘Opportunistic…’ he begins and tries to get his words out between hesitant and difficult breaths. ‘predators will quickly…’ he pauses again for another deep, lung filling inhale. ‘gather to try to feed also.’ He finally reaches the end of his sentence. As much as that sprint has taken out of me I know he is right and we definitely need to start making our way out of the area. There will be more of them coming soon.
He points over the river, to where the next tree line encroaches ominously into view, and starts to walk before I find the power to follow him. I gasp one more time, hand on hips to settle my breathing, and eventually follow. My legs are screaming at me for the pain they just endured but I ignore them and make for the tree line. I leap forward a few over exaggerated paces in order to catch up with Kolt who has found some way to quickly compose himself.
He again stands tall, ready and waiting for the next obstacle to throw itself at us, chest puffed out with steady, easing and soothing breaths through his mask.
‘That was really something buddy.’ I bravely reach up and slap him on the back. My open palm makes for a wet noise as it impacts his leather finished apron. I smile. 
‘Indeed.’ He glances at me and then pushes past the first branch that leads us once more into the dense jungle.
‘More challenges await in the caves beyond my friend.’ I have to admit to myself that it feels good to be called his friend. I admire him a lot and that is the first time either of us has put our relationship into words. The intense and unforgiving surroundings we find ourselves in cement together a tight bond between us. I can’t believe I was ever afraid of him, or even suspicious of him, and I’m ashamed of myself when I remember that I was at one time or another thinking both of those things.
I reach past my own head and bat away a lone mosquito like bug when I hear it buzzing around my ear. Night has settled in well and truly now and the dark shadows have me jumping at every turn as we pick our way slowly through the dense and deep jungle vegetation. 
Kolt seems to know where he is leading us and I have a new found faith in him to not even question his judgment. Even if his poor memory is a little hazy at best. I still have no idea how we plan to get out of this. My friend seems to think we can call the long gone Russian Federation. 
I allow my thoughts to wander. I would rather think about Kolt and what he said than pay any attention to the penetrating silence that envelopes me. The darkness wraps it’s arms and legs around us like a demented whore. It throws a dense sheet over us and wraps it around us like a hunting python, constricting the life out of us with every terrified breath that I take. 
Kolt believes in what he said. I sensed, now that I force myself to remember his words, conviction and determination in his voice. But how can he be remembering something that has been gone for so long? I try to stop my thought patterns but they run wild, they chill me to the bone and I can’t help but to develop a persistent, and over-reaching, bad feeling about all of this.
Kolt stops suddenly. I nearly walk right into him as my eyes grow weary with tiredness. He can see something but I can’t. He reaches around and grabs me by the wrist. He pulls me forward to stand by his side and points through the shroud of darkness to an even darker pit up ahead. 
It faces me like the open jaws of a whale carved into the side of a rock face. No light escapes it’s jagged form and all life seems to be swallowed by the void it represents. Kolt pulls me close and whispers in my ear. His voice sounds muffled and distant. It feels like he is shouting from inside his own mask, but no sound carries to my delicate ears. His rasping tones send more shivers down my spine but I don’t let it show.
‘That is the entrance to the cave system. We need to follow that, it will lead us up into blank snowfields, where we must climb a great height in order to find my crashed ship.’ My heart sinks at the prospect of more hardship to come, especially when I see no end to our ordeal, since Kolt is daydreaming or mentally ill when it comes to his plan. At this point, the though suddenly hits me, I’m just winging it with my blind faith placed squarely on his shoulders.
I try to peer through the darkness as we stand completely still, listening out for anything in the lack of noise around us.
‘We’ll never make it without a light.’ I state categorically. I’m just making excuses. I’m lying to myself that there is any reason for us not to go in. I just don’t want to. Kolt walks away and I don’t bother to follow him. I know he will have some kind of method or some kind of plan, just like he always does, to get us through this.
Sure enough he returns only moments later with a split piece of wood that looks like bamboo. The wood is hollow and forms a pipe shape. He has stuffed some dried mud down half way to block it off, rested dead wood and torn pieces of the bamboo flesh apart to form kindling, which he has stuffed in the top. He reaches under his apron and brandishes his large hunting knife. He also takes out a silver colored block of flint. 
I had no idea he had it with him. He starts to strike the flint with the sharp edge of the blade to make it spark. After a few attempts the fire bursts into life and the makeshift torch erupts with dazzling orange light. The flames lick up into the blanket of darkness and smoke immediately starts pouring out, billowing up into the tree cover above. It is refreshing though. To finally be able to see something more than a palm distance away from my face.
The light extends to the start of the cave but no further. I form up behind him and let him take the lead again. He knows where he is going and he has the light. Or so I tell myself. Another excuse. But that’s total bull. This place has me spooked and I’m just hiding behind him like a frightened child.
Chapter 9
The Caves
It takes me a few moments to adjust my eyes to the blackness of the cave. I come out of my hiding behind Kolt. I force myself to. I need to take control and remember what it was that forced me here in the first place. I need to remember how empowered I felt when I kicked the crap out of my boss and I need to remember how to be that guy again. 
I step forward and rip the torch from his loose grip. And then I stupidly slip on a wet rock I hadn’t seen.
I go tumbling head over heel and drop the torch onto the soaked ground. Luckily, more by his skill than my good management, Kolt picks it up and dusts it off before it has the chance to get swamped by the water running through the cold and soggy cave. My back hurts again. I’m not fully recovered from the crash, not by any measure, and that fall has done it no good at all. I stand, arch my back to hear it crack, and groan in a feeble attempt to garner any kind of sympathy.
I feel a right idiot. Kolt has, as a testament to the kind of guy I now know him to be, not said a word and has just stepped ahead of me. He could have ripped me to shreds over that. I think I would have done that were I him. I listen hard for the sound of sniggering through his mask filter but it doesn’t come. Maybe he just feels my embarrassment. I already know he has virtually no sense of humor so I really shouldn’t be as surprised as I am.
All I can hear is the incessant and rhythmic dripping of far away water. I waste no time in catching up with Kolt. This place is making me feel cold and afraid again. I can see he has descended down into another level of the cave complex, only by the fading light of the torch, and my blurred vision can sparsely cut through the lingering mist that seems to have formed out of nowhere. I steady my stance and start making my way over to him.
‘Kolt!’ I shout and the sound echoes. The confined walls of the cave, and some yet to be discovered more open space, bounce every decibel right back at me.
‘Wait up!’ I shout up. The words carry for what feels like forever. I shuffle closer and finally reach a steep downward gradient that I slide down on the backs of my legs to meet him.
I land in a heap at the bottom of a slippery slide. I can’t get any traction on the wet rock, even with my hardened boots on. Kolt hasn’t said anything yet but at least he stopped to wait for me. The mist has blanketed the cave in a thick, relentless, and penetrating veil that I can barely see through. The light from the torch is all we have to guide us. But all that does is light up the mist rather than a path through it.
At least I can stand up properly. And at least I can’t hear any of the dinosaurs in here so I have to hope we are safe from them. Something must call this cave “home”. I just pray it’s nothing big enough to try to eat us.
I can hear water in the distance somewhere. It is flowing slowly down some underground traps and streams. I can hear it trickle slowly, licking the side of the dark rock, and cascading down into some unknown abyss. But I’m fixating on that to hide something else I don’t want to believe.
I’m so sure that I can see shapes and figures moving around in the mist. My eyes are, despite all of my effort to concentrate on anything else, fixed on them. I’m watching them shift in the ever changing fog and light condition. I glance to Kolt to see if he is looking in the same direction. He is. But he either hasn’t seen the figures that wisp around the penetrating mist, has seen them and is not afraid, or they aren’t even there at all.
I watch carefully as one shape, so human to my tired eyes, dances through the dense fog, twirling almost playfully to a soundtrack that I cannot hear. Then it disappears again. Back to the fog from whence it came. I stare into the vacant space the figure used to occupy, so hard that I feel as though my eyes could hone in on every particle of the fog.
I’m sure it must be my tired eyes. I’m sure it’s a trick of the light and the way the bamboo torch is burning. But I can swear I see a face made of mist. A human face. One with scared and lonely eyes, that glance longingly at me, craving to live as I do.
I can feel my tongue swell in the back of my throat as the fear settles in and takes hold of me. I can’t look away. I can feel my breathing deepen with every labored inhale as my throat begins to close with fear.
I feel cold. Not like a snow and ice caused cold, but a chill. Almost like my very blood is running away from my skin with dread of what might be. The face has not gone. Kolt remains focused and still. The chattering of the water running through some unknown cavern and the licking flames are the only noises around. I try to focus on them. I try to take my eyes away and stare at the flame but my gut won’t let me.
The spectral eyes captivate me and I feel the pain I see in them. I need to do something. I need to move, to run, to turn and sprint in terror back the way we came and wait for my fate with the Morris Cooper security force.
I shake my head violently from side to side with my eyes firmly clamped shut. It is a while before I can open them again. A few moments before I dare to. But the specter has gone when I do. There are no more shapes in the mist, no more figures dancing through it, no more fearful eyes piercing me with longing stares.
I sigh, a lot louder than I would have liked to, and wait for my heart to stop thumping inside my ribcage. I blow out the air from my lungs through my tightened lips. I make a funnel out of them and blow away as much of the mist as I can. I can see the effect of it but more mist rolls in to take the place of every volume my lungs manage to move.
But there are no creatures, at least that I have yet been able to see, lurking inside. My companion has still not said anything and I can no longer fight the childish urge to seek comfort from his, hopefully, more mature thoughts.
‘Kolt.’ I whisper so the sound does not bounce so vividly back at us.
‘We need to pass this field of fog.’ He says back, peering through his strained eyes through the dark blanket of mist, studying it and trying to remember which way we need to go. He doesn’t say anything about the eerie figures, which I am certain were nothing but figments of my battered and over active imagination, so I decide to press him further.
‘Did you have any problem passing through the cave before.’ I hide my fear admirably and I don’t think he senses that I’m all messed up. That’s good. I already feel like a child, like the beta male, I can’t do with another slip down the pecking order. For the sake of my own assaulted ego.
‘The caves are disorientating, I think I have a map of them in my mind for us to follow though.’ I assume he means that he has spent the last few moments planning a route while I have been panicking over shapes and shadows that I must have made up. He starts to walk his way down the deep cave system, each step thundering a malicious echo around the cavern, his fire torch flickering and seemingly dying with every passing second. I still can’t help but to keep checking all of the field of view. I check the mist every few seconds for shapes and masses in there but there doesn’t seem to be anything.
‘Ouch!’ I kick a rock since I’m not really watching where I’m going. I need to get my game face back on. I’m tired, upset, stressed and my imagination is playing hell with me.
I follow Kolt a little further, listening contently to the chattering water in some unknown distance, letting my eyes settle to the faint but flickering light, and let my mind waver a little more from the task at hand. I have to forgive myself for not being as “on the ball” as I would like to be. I feel sorry for myself, that much is true, but I need to be less hard on myself right now. 
I made my choices back in the mine. I killed six people and beat the hell out of one more. That takes it’s toll. Especially considering I’ve been nothing but a good, law abiding, well behaved and dutiful member of society all of my life. I didn’t think I would ever have it in me to kill people. I kind of wish I could turn the clock back, but I know that I can’t.
Then I fly a rig all the way here with nothing but experience gained in a simulator, crash the damn thing right into the dirt, traverse across a desert, escape the snapping jaws of creatures I though long extinct, climbed a precarious vine up a slippery rock face, nearly drowned in a babbling river since I messed up and jumped in, only to start seeing ghosts in the thick mist in this claustrophobic and dense cave.
All this while thinking about my inevitable, if that’s the right word, capture at the hands of the Morris-Cooper Mining company. I should really give myself the break I should deserve but I can’t. I’m not even half way through this epic journey I, and Kolt, have embarked upon. I’m tired, we’ve been traipsing through the night and I’ve not really eaten much at all in days.
My legs are starting to burn. I hadn’t even noticed the gradual incline but we must have been walking up hill for some time. I hadn’t even noticed the mist clear but now that I have, I’m glad it’s gone. The images of those figures, and especially that face, are pasted into the back of my mind.
I’m glad I don’t have to think about it anymore. The sound of gushing water has grown more intense in the past few minutes, it sounds like it might be running through the walls to our left and right. 
The tunnel has closed in around us and the walls are no longer smooth and water worn. They are jagged and unforgiving to the slightest mistake. I keep catching my shoulder blades on the sides and the rock keeps tearing chunks of my armor away each time. I just grunt in frustration. I’m on auto pilot right now, just watching Kolt step the miles away.
‘Now we have to crawl.’ Kolt says, turns back at me and lowers his arm across his face to demonstrate that the roof is much lower in this section of the cave. I’d forgotten his eyes. I had thought they might clear in time but they are still bloodshot to the extremities. To the point where there is no white left in there. The flame from the torch is exaggerating the color for sure but it doesn’t stop the sight from being intense and a little disturbing.
Even now, after I have known him for some time, he still scares me. I just nod. I’m too tired to speak.
I’m even glad when I drop to my knees. My thighs are throbbing from the uphill struggle. I know moving through tight spaces will be physically hard but I’m just happy to be lower. Closer to the ground. Kolt moves ahead first. I watch as he pushes his eight foot tall frame through a confined tunnel and disappear, along with our light, into another area of the cave.
I tuck myself into a tight ball, roll my shoulders to face the thinnest direction, and press on. I can only hear my armor scrape against the rough surface of the wall and the force I need to push myself through the thin section of the closed walls surprises me. I don’t even know where I’m pulling the energy from it but I’m definitely glad of it.
The sound wasn’t much at first. There was nothing to separate it from the distant sound of running water. It wasn’t pronounced enough to hear over my armor rubbing against the rock. But slowly it began to pierce my ear drums and fill my head. A scream. I can’t even tell if it’s a man or a woman, but it oozes fear and dread. It’s primal and near deafening. It fills me with fear immediately and I begin to panic as the reality slowly settles in.
I have no way to turn my head. If I push it to the right I just bash my head on the cold rock. I can feel blood trickle down my face as the sharp geology cuts into my fragile, cracked and cold skin. If I try to look around the other way I just jam it against my own shoulder blade.
I can’t tell where the scream is coming from, or if my mind is just playing tricks on me, but I could swear it’s coming from behind me. I start to breathe hard and push harder and tougher against the rock to squeeze through.
‘Kolt!’ I shout at him and hear my voice drowned by the constant and devilish scream. ‘Kolt!’ I scream again until he finally stops. He can’t turn either, he’s far bigger than me after all, and I can’t hear if he is calling back to me or not.
‘Keep moving.’ He yells, his voice finally pushing through his rasping mask. He must have heard me, and the viscous scream coming from behind too. I take his advice in a heartbeat and start pushing my way through the tight and horrible space with every tiny bit of power that I can muster.
The going is tough, and I try really hard not to get consumed by own thoughts of dread, try not to think that any number of beasts might be clawing at my back and I wouldn’t even be able to see them! I try not to think about the ghostly spectral figures I had seen when we first entered the cave either. Me, and my body with me, has entered full survival mode and I can feel the adrenaline burning through me.
‘Not far now!’ Kolt shouts back and seems to pull himself through a sort of doorway in the cave and is able to fully stretch out. He reaches back for me, I take his arm and with one last gasp, force myself, driven by his power, out of the tiny hole.
I quickly scramble to my feet, neglecting to look around the new area, and swing back around to peer down the tight crawl space we just forced our way through. Kolt is holding up the improvised torch as close as he can to the entrance to the tunnel. 
It, irritatingly, only lights up the immediate area in a hazy spherical glare of flickering and inconstant light. The scream has died down a little but it’s still there. I’m glad the noise is growing more and more feint. I don’t even care if it’s someone in trouble and they are getting dragged away by a rouge dinosaur. I just want the noise to go away. A selfish thought I admit but I just don’t care.
‘What the Hell is that?’ I join Kolt by the entrance to the crawlspace and peer into the relentless darkness, as if somehow expecting my vision to suddenly and somehow adapt out of nothing and be able to see more. It doesn’t work. I can’t see anything. The scream grows more and more distant with each passing minute. My heart calms at the same rate.
‘I remember the caves now.’ Kolt turns immediately back to me and stands up from his crouched position. He raises the torch high but it’s starting to die. As the adrenaline ebbs out of me I begin to feel very cold, colder than I have in a while, and I start to realize just how far we have come through this system of caves.
It must be first light by now. We must have spent the whole night traipsing through the darkness of the forest first and then the cave system second. Kolt aggressively tosses the torch back down the crawlspace. The wood splinters against the jagged rock and the light goes out, as the wood breaks apart, too fast for us to see anything that might be following us. I’m angry with him but only for a moment or two.
I start to adjust to the new light very quickly and realize that the cave system has opened up higher in the mountain. Now to address his cryptic comment about remembering the caves…
‘Why do you remember them?’ It’s a good enough start to an awkward conversation.
‘I remember the fearfulness of the place. I remember shapes dancing in the dark and monsters lurking beneath the rock.’ I wish he hadn’t said that. I had convinced myself that I was just imagining things but clearly not. There was something odd about the cave network. I just didn’t want to face the truth. I have to come clean with him.
‘I thought I’d been imagining things.’ I say, trying hard not to let even the slightest amount of fear show, and turn my head from side to side to try and detect where the new light is coming from. I can just about feel a bracing breeze blow in from unknown entrance, or exit depending upon perspective, of the cave system.
‘So did I.’ Kolt said nothing more. What could he say? He has no answers, no more than I do, so it will be very wrong of me if I expect anything other from him. 
‘What did you think the screaming was?’ I ask him using the past tense since the noise has now completely faded into nothing but an eerie memory.
‘Perhaps a lost woman.’ He guesses. There is nobody here but us. ‘Though I know the tone of her vocal chords from somewhere deep in my mind.’ He recognized the sound of the scream! That admission made my blood run cold. I know Kolt is beyond help with some things, including his patchwork memory, but this last comment reminds me of some other horror inducing things he has said in the past few days.
I wonder how he feels? If he recognizes a ghostly howl to belong to woman he knew once upon a time then he must be crawling up the walls with worry about it. I can’t even bring myself to reply. I don’t want to pry further into his damaged psyche because I’m honestly afraid of what I might find.
‘Is your ship much further?’ I ask instead. I can’t deal with his last comment so I’m deliberately choosing not to. The cold is getting worse now. Since the chilling sound of a distant scream has now died away, I can hear the wind howling and billowing around a cramped entranceway, the sharp rocks causing turbulence and gusts.
‘We have climbed much through the night.’ His voice suddenly changes. He sounded reflective, and I’m not sure it is the right word to use, but I think it’s afraid, when he admitted to recognizing the scream. Now he is himself again. Confident, strong and assertive.
‘So?’ I fill in the gap between his observation and his explanation.
‘We will exit the cave high in the mountain and have to climb a difficult face of rock until we reach a ridge, upon which my poor ship is lain to rest.’ He points with a finger, that I can thankfully now see given the new source of light, to the right and steps forward. 
The cave has lost it’s intense atmosphere now. The cold has taken that away and filled it instead with a thin spray of stray snow flakes.
Chapter 10
Mountaineering
Kolt leads the way through a few winding rock crevasses. The light grows stronger with each ninety degree turn and before I even have time to think about the dangers ahead, we are upon them. The cave opens up onto the sheer face that we have to climb.
There is no gentle progression, giving us any time to psych ourselves up for the mission, we are just thrown out into it and will have to make do. I have no idea how to climb. Climbing a tenuous vine nearly killed me. Climbing down a rocky chimney plunged me into a deep river that nearly drowned us both. How the Hell am I going to beat this?
While gripping the side wall of the last section of the cave as hard as I can, I lower my head out of the opening to see just how far we have climbed. The wind has picked up a lot in the early morning sun and I can’t see anything through the snow flurry it has whipped up. 
The wind drags snow away from the mountain side and thrashes it around like a plaything. It takes my breath away as soon as my face leaves the relative comfort of the damp and dark cave system.
‘Kolt?’ I ask him, a pathetic tone hung about my voice, almost like a desperate plea.
‘We have no choice.’ He preempts my words and pushes past me to climb out into the battering wind. 
He disappears to the left. My heart starts to beat like crazy again. I am faced with no option. I have no choice but to follow Kolt and he knows that. He knows if he walks or climbs away from me I’ll follow like a beaten child. I hate that. He has me figured for the scared little mess I am, no fooling him with the pointless display of fake bravado. 
A thought passes my mind, the same one that has slapped me across the face a few times since crashing, I really am the beta male in this relationship. 
Kolt has almost disappeared into the blanket of snow. It takes me that long to work up the courage to follow him. I really don’t want to. I feel the power shy away from my fingers and muscles as the adrenaline pumping through my veins causes me to slump away from the challenge. 
My instant reaction, out of a choice of to either fight or take flight, is to run. But I can’t. I remember reading something about an ancient conflict from back on Earth. It was from a time known as the Second World War, a long past memory that has ebbed all but completely from the collective vicarious memory of the world. All men feel fear. Fear is normal. Anyone who claims to have none is either psychotic or lying. True courage is not the absence of fear. But the ability to overcome it.
I paraphrase it in my head as I search for the motivation to do this. As I search for a reason to persuade my inner coward to let go and climb out onto the rocky face with Kolt. That will have to do.
I reach around a jagged and freezing rocky slab with my gloved hand, looking for traction and finding only little of it, and use it to pull my body out of the relative warmth and comfort of the cave. The wind hits me right away and I feel nothing but its harsh pounding weight exert its force on my back and push me head first into the snowy rock surface. I panic at first but my focus seems to come back as soon as I take the initial plunge into the unknown. 
Just like it did as we hurtled over that waterfall so many miles below. The wind will give me traction against the rock face and help me to hold on so long as it doesn’t change direction. I press my already cold body hard against the sharp edges of the frozen snowflakes and carry on. If I swing out the wind could get underneath me and pull me clean off the wall. The angle is already against me. I can just about see Kolt’s dark figure, washed with a blanket of snow, patiently and dutifully waiting for me in the not too far distance ahead. He is shouting to me, I can hear that, but I can make out none of the words.
‘What?’ I scream at the top of my lungs, but for my effort I just get a blast of icy snow particles shoot down my throat. I am virtually drowned by the force of the wind and decide to ignore him and just try to get closer on my own initiative.
I slide my cold hands further along the precarious layer of frozen water, trust all of my weight to a small and rapidly disappearing rocky ledge, and balance with every bit of strength and focus I can manage. I shift my weight and use what crevices in the ice wall I can find to help me traverse across the snow covered face of the mountain.
I can feel my toes bend backwards as I fight to keep my clumsy boots on that tiny rock ledge. 
‘Kick your toes into the snow!’ I can just about make out his words through the howling and ever present wind. I peer to him through the volumetric snow. But my balance is so precarious that I dare not move even an inch to try and catch another syllable. I can see his black silhouette though.
He is kicking at the wall with his pointed toes to create temporary foot holds in the ice sheet. I click on immediately after his demonstration. I realize that I’m trying to face the direction in which I am travelling and I should really just be looking right at the wall. Kicking my boots into the ice will create good footholds and I just have to transfer my weight from one foot to the other and so on.
I can keep my balance better with my hips thrust parallel to the wall rather than stepping over myself like I am now. My heart rests and my breathing relaxes, along with my tired arms and legs, as I take on his advice. I slam my right foot hard into the ice and watch as chunks of white snow fly away from the wall to create a good stepping place.
Kolt must be happy that I’ve figured out his technique because he is back on course again without as much as a glance back. My legs are trembling with the effort after no time at all but I need to stay focused. Maybe Kolt was right. Maybe I still did desire rescue. I could really do with it now to be honest. I dare to look down and immediately wish that I hadn’t.
The ground is far from view, the snow drifts still batter the mountain side, and I can see nothing past the swirling mass of white flakes. I feel like falling. My legs are screaming at me to let go, screaming so hard that part of me wants to let them, and all that stops me is the feeling of falling into the abyss below. I start to scream as loud and as throaty as I can to muster my energy and power. 
There is something primal about doing that. Something in it that focuses the mind and releases pent up, ancient and long forgotten parts of our ape minds, and allows us to reset ourselves to absolute zero. It works and my legs are good for another few steps. 
The pace is relentless and I try to hone in on my tactic of screaming and attacking the mountain side with each heavy swing of my leg. Kolt must think I’m possessed. Let him. He is beyond crazy anyway. I am so consumed with my battle against the mountain that I don’t even notice him stop. I scare myself so hard when I run into him that I almost lose my grip and fall.
My scream stops immediately and I am sure my embarrassment shows. If all of my blood had not been taken up in the battle to re-oxygenate my poor tired muscles, I know I would blush. He looks at me with dissatisfied and intense eyes. Like a father might look at his son when he did something immature. Something he thought he would be past.
‘There is a sheltered outcropping below us.’ Even through the howling animal like wind I can detect the uncertainty in his voice. Even past his horrifying eyes I can see his faded memory battling its way to the surface and failing to quite reach it.
‘Is that the way you came?’ I scream through another mouthful of cold snow. It makes me splutter and shake my head. This must be the first time that I have ever envied Kolt for the garish gas mask he has been cursed to wear. 
‘Yes.’ He replies after a pause that doesn’t exactly allay my fears.
‘Are you sure?’ I chose my words very carefully right there. I have no wish to offend him or send him spinning even further down the rabbit hole of his lost mind. I just want to know how certain he is of it.
I can see what he’s planning. By the way he keeps glancing from side to side and back again. The way he keeps checking his hand holds. Ones he has punched into the wall of snow himself.
‘There is a chasm between this face of rock and the sheltered section. I have to jump.’ I look for him. There is no way to see if there is a solid ground below or just a vast expanse of nothing. If he jumps and is wrong we will both just tumble down the side of the mountain to our certain death. 
And that’s how I know the Morris-Cooper Mining Company didn’t kill off my last glimmer of hope. Because I do require rescue. Because I desire it. Because I want a better life and there is still some shining light of a though glimmering inside of me that believes I will one day see it happen. But I shake my head at him in protest anyway. I don’t want my new friend to die either. Even if he does make me look like a chimp at every turn.
‘We can just find another way mate.’ I summon my most comforting tone and out it to full use. I even reach out an open palm to pat him gently and somewhat affectionately on the shoulder. ‘You don’t need to jump if you think…’
Too late. He let go. Kolt, irritating even in the face of death, springs elegantly from the safety of the slanted wall, turns one hundred and eighty degrees in the air and spreads his arms like a bird taking flight to control his direction. In seconds he is gone and I start to genuinely hyperventilate.
‘Kolt!’ I scream to no reply. ‘Kolt!’ I hang on the name and drag it out in my hoarse voice for as long as I can. Still no reply. My heart sinks what feels like the full length of my body and I can feel my entire central nervous system go completely numb. 
I know what I have to do. I know I trust him. But there is something else too. I want to jump. I can feel it. It is fear, I know what fear feels like having experienced it in all its known forms, but there is desire mixed in there too. Excitement, joy and purpose. I can feel, no, I can hear a powerful voice urging me on. “Jump” it says in my head “go on, jump” and it repeats again and again. 
The thoughts and voices steady me, fills me with elation so powerful that it blankets my every thought of fear, and I can’t help but smile as my grip takes its own control of the situation and lets go.
Before I have any chance to change my mind my body slips and tumbles away to the ground. The wind whips past my long hair and rumbles in my ears as I fall. I am instantly filled again with focus as I adjust my eyes the best I can to the darkness that follows. I can feel the cold wind and flakes of snow blasting past my tumbling body but before I know it, my legs impact the edge of a gradual slope that carries me gently into a dark recess in the mountain side. Kolt is waiting there for me. Poised and emotionless as usual.
‘I did not think you would let go.’ He speaks first as I jump to my feet like a kid at an amusement park. I fight the urge to shout out that I want to do it all again even though it wouldn’t be a lie. I shake my head, not from disapproval at what he said, but at the fact I can’t order my thoughts well enough to express them.
‘I can’t describe…’ I take my first shot at it but come up with nothing. ‘Why did I want to do it?’ Kolt, though I cannot see his jaw nor make out his facial expression, smiles. I can tell because the wrinkles around his baggy red eyes intensify above what would be his cheek line.
‘It is in all of us.’ He begins as I try to shake off the head pounding rush of adrenaline. I place my hands on my hips and stagger around the echoing space. ‘We all desire and welcome a fall. It might be a remnant of our ape descendants. But I do not think so. I believe it be an element of self destructiveness we all have.
A small part of us all desires pain, be it physical or emotional. We desire it to define us. We need it to define us in an age where we have no definition. No great purpose for us to fight for, nothing to blind us from our own mortality.’ I have all but stopped listening to Kolt as he hammers out his macabre feelings on the matter. My head has mostly settled and I have taken to assessing our new location.
The crevasse is deep and I am in some ways amazed we made the fall at all. The slope that carried us safely to the rocky bed is too steep to climb back up so we are utterly committed at this point. The recess forms a sort of long corridor that stretches out in front of us. The snow lightly flakes down the column, what little of it manages to escape the billowing and relentless wind, and lies at our feet. 
The loss of the wind has definitely taken a chill factor away but it is still deathly cold. Kolt can’t have come this way. He wouldn’t have been able to climb the sheer vertical and ominous slabs to our either side. I could ask him but I doubt it will end in an explanation that isn’t marred with his patchwork memory.
I guess he must have discovered this recess while exploring and mapped it somewhere in his fractured mind. My assumption is better than bothering to ask. I’m more interested in why he isn’t fazed at all by the death defying leap. I’ll ask him later.
‘I wish we had kept some of that snake.’ I remember that was the last thing I had eaten. My stomach, since my focus and adrenaline is waning, is starting to rumble very loudly. I clutch it with an open palm like it will help but it surely doesn’t.
‘Let’s continue.’ Kolt raises a hand, his leather bound and soaking wet apron creaking with the move, and points down the shaft into the darkness ahead. 
I can smell burning. That putrid, but somehow homely and pleasant, smoky smell. I don’t know where it is coming from and I can’t see any visible sign of smoke or fire but it is a tantalizing smell indeed. It seems to be hung in the air though. It seems distant but at the same time not far away. 
It feels somehow less than real. It feels feint but still ingrained and ever present. This might sound odd, but it feels like how it is to remember smoke. Not a smoke that is present, flaring and offensively weaving its way up your nostrils, but a feint whiff that conjures up the thought and with it the memory of smoke.
I must be imagining things and decide it best to just shake it off. Kolt has already walked on and I need to catch up with him.
A few paces down the damp corridor and there he is. He seems distant. More so than usual. For the sake of our new found relationship I decide to challenge him and ask what the matter is.
‘Everything ok?’ My voice echoes up the long columns of exposed rock.
‘No.’ I can’t help but to recoil at his honesty. He turns and I can see him crying inside of his gas mask. His tears wash slowly around his red stained eyes as he tried in vain to blink them away. I am filled once again with fear and more as I place my hand on his shoulder. 
I feel deeply sorry for him but I don’t know why. I feel scared for him, and agreeably for myself as well, and I simply don’t know what to say to him. An orange light is emanating from inside of his mask. A light that looks like the beginning of a fire. Shivers run down my back and arms as I realize what they are. As I see flames start to lick at him from under his garish apron.
He raises an agonized fist and juts it forward to where the rocky corridor opens up into a plane of bright daylight and fresh snow. I see his ship for the first time and my emotions immediately mix together.
I am filled with child like excitement at the prospect of seeing a Kraken Class and fulfilling that juvenile dream, and then with a sudden realization of a forgotten truth. Something I knew. Something I had figured out long ago and deliberately hidden from my conscious thoughts.
His ship was cracked and broken, shred to bits and mostly buried in the volumes of snow, but the fires had long ago gone out. The Russian Federation flag along its cresting side was long out of date and the paint was cracked and peeling away from its titanic body. 
The metal was dated, rusted, and was returning slowly to the ground. I said, through fear shaken decibels:
‘I thought you had just crashed?’ I had to ask him. What choice did I have? I needed him to validate what I already sensed was true. I needed him to say it. I needed him to remember it for himself and then bring me in on his big secret. I looked back to see him utterly enveloped in flames but doing nothing about it. As if reliving his last horrific moment.
‘I remember now. I know why I do not desire rescue. I know why I am lost and not afraid.’ He was starting to shout and stood tall, threateningly poised and aggressively motioning forward with tiny baby like steps towards me. 
I started backing away in frozen terror as I watched him burn in thick red and black flames. I stumbled on an icy shelf and fell flat to the floor. A sharp icy blade penetrated the back of my skull and white sparks flew over my eyes as I started to pass out from immediate blood loss.
‘Because I am already dead!’ He shouts as my eyes fade into black with every elongated blink. He embraces the fire as it culminated in a second phase of intensity. He screamed, louder and deeper than before.
‘I am dead and so are my comrades. Their spirits and lost souls wander and pollute this land.’ I can’t visualize his anger as my eyes finally close. So very angry. At himself? At me? At finally reaching death’s door, so he can no longer pretend he is still alive and fester in wait, wandering like a ghost? I finally give in to blood loss and pass out. Scared and alone.
‘I am dead and have been for years. I have been pretending, assuming life when I have none to assume. I was afraid to die and let go. I am not afraid anymore! Come for me Death!’
Chapter 11
The Kraken Class
I can’t open my eyes. Even though the space outside my head is silent and void, I daren’t open my eyes to meet the nothingness. I can’t bring myself to admit he is gone. Kolt was my friend. I can’t believe in what happened. I just don’t want to.
There has to be some kind of other explanation. Even though my body is cold and I must be entering the first, if not later stages of hypothermia, I don’t want to get up.
I can’t face it alone. This world will eat me whole, chew me up and spit my bones out if that man isn’t around to save me anymore. I don’t have to lie to myself. I can be honest here in the confines of my own thoughts. I can admit I’m scared. My ego has taken such a battering lately that it will hurt it no more to beat it again.
Kolt kept me safe where otherwise I would have died. I can’t bring myself to think he had been anything less than real.
Private Kolter Gespenst. It hits me right now what his unfortunate surname meant in Russian. Ghost. I was never one with a flair for language but I know that. I’m not sure I remember how. Just one of those tid-bits of information that your mind stubbornly holds onto for no reason at all.
Private Kolter Ghost… Private Kolt Ghost. Poltergeist. I want to laugh at the irony. Even if I can call it irony. Unfortunate? Coincidental? But another thought enters my mind even though I want nothing other than to chase it out. Had I dreamed the whole thing?
I know of times when people have dreamed up a superior identity to protect themselves during times of great need. I had scoffed at the stories about those kinds of people. They said the mind sometimes needed it. It sometimes needed to relinquish control and hand it over to someone or something less than real to take the noose from around their necks.
The unconscious mind dreamed up a powerful entity in order to save its conscious partner. Is that what I had done? Every time we hit a problem, Kolt had embarrassingly outmatched me. Physically, mentally and in durability. The thought sickened me so much that I opened my eyes and pulled my stiff and iced body to stand without flattering or indulging myself with the time to regain blood flow. 
The thought hurt in ways I didn’t know thoughts could. I already missed him. I pained for him. Like a parasite ripped from his host, bringing their symbiosis to an unsolicited end. I longed for him. My friend. I mourned for him. And he may never have even existed.
My eyes eventually focus. Quite some time after my stubborn legs start carrying me towards the decayed space ship. I don’t trust in them at first. What they tell me they can see. How could there be anyone else here with me?
I can see the figure of a woman in the distance. I can make out her gorgeous curves through the hail storm. I can see her standing tall and confident, her weight resting over one hip in a sexy pose. Her long legs I can just make out through the flanking snow, and even her long, flowing copper red hair. I know her. I can hear her crying into her hands.
I remember her from the Morris-Cooper Mining Company. She was one of the guards. With her looks, her figure especially, she was something of a symbol to us all. Men cooped up in there together and alone dreaming up things that can never have happened. 
Maybe she wasn’t even that good looking by other standards but how were we to know? She might have been dog ugly but better to think of her than the grey walls or our imaginations. Those were the only other things we could look into to find anything like some kind of stimulation.
I’m barely conscious. I could be dreaming right now. But it doesn’t feel like I am. I hate to have to do anything to convince myself if I am dreaming or awake. I can’t bring myself to administer the “pinch” test so I slap myself hard across my frost bitten face. My skin responds immediately to the harsh pain and I immediately know it to be real.
But it all feels real enough. Right down to the numbing cold of the snow around my feet. Right back to the piercing pain in my battered head. I reach up a hand as I instinctively stagger forward into the darkness and snow and rub the back of my head. 
Stabbing pains shoot right down my face, my whole body and through my chest. I take it away to find it stained in copious blood. I’m lucky to be standing. It feels like I’ve been out on the drink yet again but I know I haven’t touched the stuff for months. 
That feeling you get when you’ve had one or two too many. That feeling that you’re invincible gives way after just a few more pints and you find yourself lost inside of your own skull. 
Then some kind of auto-pilot takes over, one that seems to be programmed to get you to safety, to home or whatever is closest. You find yourself leaning on that homing beacon and letting it dictate the rhythm of your feet. I feel like that right now. I should be able to listen to that hazy and distant voice that tells me the figure up ahead is nothing but trouble. 
I should be able to, and I probably could if I felt alright, realize that she is probably heading up the security detail that has come here to either escort me back or kill me. But I can’t. The voice that should be screaming that logic right in the front of my face is too distant, too broken and beaten by my fall. I can’t think anything but getting to safety.
I trudge just a little closer to the dark figure ahead. I think I’m calling to her but my head is so battered I can’t tell if I just want to, or I actually am. The snow is still hurtling down in volumes. Every time I plant my step, in the time it takes me to move a foot, it is buried by the virgin white fluffy new snow. I can hear her. I’m sure she is real. 
I manage to fight back the urge to close my eyes. To stop fighting and drop dead on my ass. Maybe if I let go and stop resisting, I will see my buddy Kolt on the other side, and we can continue whatever journey we were on. But something inside of me, just like he had predicted, still wanted to survive. 
Some strong part of me, one I though to be long dead, still wanted to battle on and make it no matter what.
‘Hey!’ I called to her. I screamed at the top of my voice. It was all I could manage. The snow drowned me out and blocked the range of my lungs. It stuffed my mouth full of snowflakes and robbed me of my breath. 
But I think she heard. The crying, the distant sound of it anyway, stopped immediately and I can see the black shadow shift. I can see her posture move through the veil of snow. I should be afraid but I’m not. I know deep down she is here to cause me trouble! But contrary to everything I though she would do, she comes running through the snow and takes me by the hand. 
I was right about her sobbing, but her face changes from deep despair to immediate concern as she studies me through her teary eyes. I drop right away. I only had enough steam inside me to make it to her. She is confident in her stride and upright posture. It must have been all of those years in her position as a guard at the mine. But she oozed strength and power. 
But that was a distant cousin compared to her compassion. I could see it in her eyes. This was the first time I ever saw her face. I knew her by her figure and by the color of her hair. I knew her because I’d dreamed of her pose a million times and struggled to bring my eyes off her hips, even after the threat of many a beating. But I’d never seen her deep blue eyes that reflected back everything caught in them.
I had never seen her pale white skin, her rounded cheekbones and thin, perky lips. I had never had that pleasure. She wore the same red armor that I did. But her’s was near pristine. Over it she wore a thick padded jacket. Brown in color with hints of fur around the collars and sleeves. It must have kept her toasty warm and I can’t help but be instantly jealous of her and of it.
‘Parker?’ She asked with a tone of surprise, which was thinly masked along with excitement and genuine relief. She didn’t wait for me to reply. She threw her arm around my shoulder and pulled me to my feet with a cute groan of effort. I’m too weak to even stand right now. 
I walk with her but my feet only manage a pointless scuff against the snow as she takes most of my weight. She is strong and fast. I feel useless again. My ego has taken enough shots of late and I should really be trying much harder to impress the girl I’ve spent so long secretly lusting after. But I just can’t manage it. I just can’t make my feet move with hers. All I can do is protest.
‘Put me down!’ I growl at her. Basically spitting on her kind gesture of help. I must have shocked her because she did. She let me fall to the snow but steadied my weight every inch of the way down. She must have thought she had been hurting me because she immediately hit the ground, took me in both hands by the shoulders, and stared into my eyes with a magnified look of concern. 
My heart flutters. Like a silly kid with a crush. Like a stupid emotional teenager who suddenly has the full attention of some girl he has secretly admired for his whole life. I would probably be blushing if I hadn’t lost so much blood.
‘What is it?’ She asks me softly with the kindest voice I think I have ever heard. Her voice is sweet, soothing and I immediately liken it to an angel’s. In spite of having never heard one.
‘I can walk there myself!’ I growl at her again ungratefully. I can’t. I was hoping, in some stupid and masculine way, that if I created a brief argument I would be able to buy enough time for me to gather my senses and summon the power I needed to walk myself. She didn’t reply. But she didn’t look hurt either. She just smiled at me. That was the last thing I had expected too.
‘Why are you helping me?’ I yell at her over the howling wind and spiraling snow.
‘I saw you…’ She tries to shout back but has to stop mid flow to shield her mouth from a much stronger gust of wind. ‘I saw you struggle in the snow. I don’t know. I just want to help you.’ She finished. It wasn’t an explanation as such. In fact it wasn’t even half of one. 
But that primal auto-pilot inside my head was kicking off at me silently, yelling at me from behind my own mouth, to get to safety and try to get warm. I am again in control of my senses. Like nothing had happened. Like my dying mind has flooded me with every bit of power it has left, knowing that if it doesn’t, I will die.
I pull with all my focus, pressing my hands into the deep snow and arching my back to stand on my weakened legs. I make it to fully upright but my oddly kind captor keeps a good hold of my hands the whole way. She holds me almost lovingly. A thought flashes quickly, briefly, but shockingly through my battered mind. What if she isn’t real either? 
The thought hurts and makes me immediately hostile to her. I rip my hands away and her eyes widen with embarrassment. But I dismiss the thought as quickly as it surfaces. It must have been a stray though. First of all, I am certain Kolt had been real. Ghost or not. Dead or not. I know what I saw and I know what we did. Besides, and second, I remember this girl. Even though I don’t know her name. 
I shake my head at my own stupidity and my own shame.
‘Let’s go.’ I raise a tired arm to what I can see of the frozen and beaten Kraken ship ahead. We need to get inside or our chances of survival are slim. She, without asking or feeling worried that I’ll recoil again, takes my arm, interlocks it with hers and we carry on. My legs decide to work again, motivated by my newly sober state, but every time I tense any muscle it hurts.
We trudge through the thick and strength sapping snow for what feels like forever. I can see the ship better with each staggered and labored step. It is more beaten down than I had though. It’s grey metallic hull is scarred with flames and cracked open completely in some places. I can only see a small part of it. The bulk of the ship is hidden beneath the ice that has formed up around it. The scars about its hull are clearly laser strikes. Maybe even some heavy duty projectile damage too. 
It’s far older than I had been expecting and that realization makes my heart sink. Kolt can’t have been there in the flesh. I already know that. I just don’t want to think about it. The ship died in it’s relative youth. Maybe even during the colony wars.
‘How do we get in?’ She leans into me, almost pressing her chest against mine, and shouts into my ears with her hands clasped together like a funnel so I can hear her better. As if I would know? I just shrug my shoulders, panting for breath like an out of shape fifty something smoker of sixty a day. My tongue is too tied to reply to her. 
I feel all warm inside, even though it is Baltic outside. She starts running her opened palms over the surface of the metal. It must be cold to the touch but she doesn’t flinch or anything. My energy starts coming back as I take in as many deep breaths as I can without looking like too much of a sissy.
The snow relents at long last and I can finally make out the bulk of the hull. The shape of the ship, something I have virtually worshipped since birth, comes slowly into view.  The Kraken Class shape was infamous, desired by friends and enemies alike throughout the Colony Wars, respected and feared. Two spherical discs mounted parallel to one another across a triangular shaped frame. The longest tip of the triangular connecting hull pointed out to the back. It was constructed of the strongest steel known to man. 
It’s weapon systems were a true product of its time. Caught between the technological advancements that beckoned laser based weapons into the mainstream and the underlying faith in the reliability of projectile based torpedo like ballistic missiles. 
The hull would have been mounted with a few laser cannon turrets, of varying size and power, but the true power of this megalith was in its ballistic missile weapons platform. From the spherical shaped mounts, the Kraken, once locked into orbit above any would be victim, could launch ballistic missiles from space. The threat of nuclear war, on Earth that is, never disappeared after a strange time known as the Cold War.
The world split in two, each side governed by a different system of rules and theories, grew suspicious of one another and devolved weapons of mass destruction to act as vehicles for fear. Deterrence was the name of the game and the character of that war. 
The Kraken, I always felt, was one final nod, a respectful glance back in time, to that time and the legacy of it. The Kraken was the ultimate form of deterrence. In its day, nobody would dare oppose it. Back then, everything was coming up Russian.
We trudge around the frame of the lost ship, looking desperately for a way in. One of the discs is buried entirely beneath the ice and snow, the other stands up at an odd angle, snapped in half and hanging there limp. The ship must have impacted the surface of the planet on a tilt. 
The buried disc was the primary wing and main platform, which also contained the bridge and most often the hyper drive engine, was propped up against a rocky outcropping of the mountain. It hung there, eerily clinging to the side of the mountain, limp and dead. Never found. Never even searched for. 
We might be the first two people to look upon it in hundreds of years. I can feel a tear welling up in the back of my eye. I have admired these ships for all my life, seeing one is emotional in such an odd kind of way. It gives me a sense of fulfillment and purpose. That feeling after so many years of feeling nothing but the lack of purpose, the lack of anything good to speak of, is nothing short of overwhelming. 
But that isn’t why I feel like crying. Kolt. He can’t have been real. I cannot deny the truth that my eyes are showing me. This ship is dead, frozen in a time capsule, an endless relic to one single event in time and space. The moment it crashed and everyone on board was likely killed.
‘There.’ She says in her sweet and comforting voice. She raises her hand and points at something she has seen half way up the buried disc. The one that has been buried in the ground. It is an opening of some kind but I can’t make it out through the snow. My head is hurting a lot now. 
I keep checking for blood at the back of my head but I just keep dusting off flakes of dried brown, already clotted blood. The wound has stopped bleeding but I feel like death. My head is throbbing from blood loss and I’m finding it hard to think at all. I wish right now that my auto pilot would kick back in. But I guess that must be out of steam too.
‘Ok, lets try.’ I say through labored breaths and nod to her. She pounces up the slippery and angled surface with grace and ease, beckoning me to follow like I’m the old and boring dad to her eager and impetuous inner child. I drag my broken body up the surface, lying flat against it and using any small crack or hand hold I can to drag my weight upwards. 
The hull, the outer surface of the disc, is riddled with large bullet holes. I can use them though they are rusted and brittle as hand and foot holds as I make the hard climb. Her speed and grace, and my obvious admiration for her, spurs me on. I pull harder and harder on each dull metal crack and finally make it to the opening she had spotted. 
It’s either a cooling vent or a weapons discharge point, a barrel or torpedo tube if you like. She peers in hastily but sees nothing. Not surprisingly. She is assessing the measurements of the tube and so am I. By my tired guess I figure we should be able to fit through but the squeeze will be tight. If it turns into a dead end then turning will be impossible and we might even get trapped in there. I’m cold enough, tired enough and desperate enough to take the chance.
‘Looks good.’ I say to her. She smiles back contently and slides in first. I’m glad I didn’t have to do the hero bull and pretend like I wanted to shove my exposed head into an unknown environment first. I watch her shapely figure disappear into the dark tunnel barely big enough to fit her hips through, and bend down to watch her wriggle through the small crawl space. 
My heart is starting to beat with fearful anticipation and lust. She moves gracefully and no red blooded man could ignore it was a good sight to see. But I’m tired and hungry and I can’t bring myself to push harder for the last few ounces of energy to try to talk to her. 
Maybe I’m just being pathetic? The cold is pushing me on though. I know deep down that if I stay put I’ll freeze and die. My head is cloudy to start with and there is no way I’ll survive a night out here on the exposed mountain face.
I glance back, longingly, to the cave now in the distance where I had last seen Kolt. I wish to the bottom of my heart that he was still here. In whatever form he was. Ghost or not. I just wish he would come back. 
I hadn’t realized how much I had grown to like him and depend upon him in the short time I had known him. I breathe a deep sigh and push my head into the dark tunnel and follow my still nameless friend, foe, rescuer or captor, I’m still not sure.
The tunnel drags my breath out of me as soon as I’m all the way in. My feet are just about tucked into the cramped and polished crawl space. I’m glad to be out of the wind and it feels a little warmer now that we are at least inside, but I don’t like it. I’m a miner. I don’t mind small spaces or confined areas but this has a different feel to it than I am used to. 
This feels cramped and alien. It feels wrong. Like I am out of control completely. Like I’m the passenger in a sports car and someone else, someone I don’t know or trust, is in the driving seat and slamming the accelerator pedal. Such an odd feeling this tunnel has summoned up inside of me.
‘Wait.’ I shout, more plead, down the tunnel wherein I can see literally nothing. I can hear her sweet voice echo back. I can hear the soothing syllables bounce back and forth from one side of the metallic frame and to the other and back again. But the echo drowns out any meaning and I can’t figure out what she said.
I’m alone in my thoughts. Right where I just don’t want to be. I can’t help but start to panic and in my weakened state I struggle to control it. I start to wonder again. A piercing and shivering thought. That I may have simply followed another spectral ghost into the hollow shell of a ship that may not even be there.
Too late. I’m on the train now and there is no way off. If I’ve been conned then I’ve been conned. If I have followed a siren in here, no longer the captain of my own ship, if I have followed something less than real and it leads me to rocky shores then so be it. 
I start to feel desperate and alone. I start to remember the hopelessness of my situation, the hopelessness of the mine I left behind and the dark thoughts that go with it. I start to give up and start to think that if I have wandered haplessly into my own doom then so be it.
I feel like I’ve been crawling, struggling every inch, for a while now. I know I have made little progress but I can, at least, not see the light at the other end of the tunnel and I am now a little warmer. I press my agonized shoulders against the slick metal and dig deep to keep pushing against the pain. My lungs are restrained and I cannot draw in a deep enough breath to satisfy my need for fresh air. My muscles are starved and drowning in carbon dioxide.
‘Not much further, Sam.’ My angel calls to me. She must have found something and just the sound of her voice, as real as I can make it out to be, satisfies my childish fear that she may not be true. I start to push harder and harder and slip further down the tunnel into the bowels of the ship. I can see a glimmer of light. And I can just make out the ebony glow of her mystical hair. 
She reaches down the shaft and pulls me close to her. I had forgotten how strong she was. My eyes are relaxed by the sudden light, a dull ambient light at best but light all the same, of the new area as she pulls me through a gap in the tunnel. A great fire must have melted a great hole in it’s side. It was big enough to climb through.
Chapter 12
Engineering
‘What’s your name?’ I work up the courage to ask her as I try to stand and stretch in the eerie light of the new area. I look at her but only briefly. I can feel myself start to blush every time I meet her eyes and her lips start to curl into a smile for me.
‘You don’t know?’ She asks sweetly but disguises a small amount of offence. She knows who I am. That much is clear. But I guess she would given what I went and did. I know her by face. By her body and its tantalizing contours. But I don’t know her name even though I really wish I did.  I shake my head. I’m too embarrassed to say anything.
‘It’s Lucy.’ She doesn’t add a surname and I’ve ran out of courage to ask it. She calms her voice and introduces herself like we had been life long friends. Like I have amnesia or something. My head is spinning with questions that I want to ask her. I try to focus on the area and not on her. 
She must think I’m ignorant but I just can’t look at her. I pace around a little to get a feel of the place. The floor is polished clean but the walls are caked in soot and flame scars. The fire that destroyed most of the inside of the ship, and probably the same one that killed my friend Kolt, must have been severe, quick and relentless.
‘How did you make it here before me?’ I glance to her gorgeous face but quickly look away. Her thin smile fades into a frown almost instantly. I feel like I’ve upset her. Time to man up. Time to stop acting like a smitten teenager. I need to engage with her and get over a silly little crush I seem to have developed out of nothing. I stop scouring the floor, looking for bodies I’m afraid to recognize, and face her head on for the first time. 
‘What is it.’ I reach out a brave hand to comfort her. She lets me get close. I run my hand close to her and run my open palm across her cold cheek as she begins to sob.
‘I…’ she begins. I can already guess how the sentence will end and it sends my stomach to the pits yet again. ‘I don’t remember.’ I want to shiver at her admission. I want to tell myself that it’s just coincidence and it has nothing to do with the way Kolt was. I think she can sense that she has shaken me. I rub her cheek a few times and even force a smile. She reaches up and holds my hand in hers. I relish the moment. I don’t care how silly it is. If it is real or not. I just want to touch her and I love that she wants to hold my hand back.
I manage to press the issue after basking in her love for just a moment. I have to press it. I have to know what is going on.
‘Did you come here for me? To kill me?’ She doesn’t reply right away. She turns away from me and stares into the distance. ‘Or capture me, take me back for what I did?’ I keep on asking her the same question in different ways until she meets my eyes again. I lose my chain of thought as soon as I am lost in her gaze.
‘What did you do?’ She asked so sympathetically that even I might have believed I was innocent. I killed men and I stole.
‘You don’t remember?’ I ask and put my other hand on her other cheek. If that sounded sarcastic or mocking, it wasn’t meant to be. If she is here to kill me, even though I don’t feel that is true, I’m going to make it worth it.
‘No.’ She admits but smiles. ‘I feel… funny though.’ She loses my stare momentarily and seems to drift away into thought.
‘How do you mean?’ I stoop down just a few inches so that we are the same height and make her look at me again. 
‘I feel… lost. But that’s ok. I feel peaceful about it.’ My heart drops into my knees and I can only let my mind race thinking about what she means. It can’t be coincidental. It can’t be. Kolt said the same thing. He was a ghost. He was dead and he didn’t even know it until he saw his rotting old ship again.
‘Will you kiss me?’ She asks me out of the blue, staring at me like a besotted young girl in love. She is smiling again. She has her mouth open just a touch in anticipation. Like I would ever turn her down. I can’t remember my last date. I can’t remember the last time I kissed a girl. Even her name. It has been so long that I’m not sure if I ever have in reality. If I have only dreamt of it. I don’t know if this will be my first kiss or not. 
She closes her eyes and pulls herself close to me. She is strong but limp. Firm but caring. She lets me reach out for her and press my lips to hers. They are warm and soft and we spend the next few sweet moments caressing one another’s lips with our own. She giggles just a little as we break. I didn’t even realize we had our eyes closed until I open them. 
Chapter 13
Clean Slates
Part 2
I don’t know why. I have no idea where the thought came from or why, even though I know as well as I do the truth behind the stray thought, that I gave it the time of day as we parted from that kiss. But I almost thought she wasn’t going to still be there as we, or should I say I, opened my eyes.
I don’t know what’s going on here. On this barren world. And I won’t pretend to any more. I won’t lie to myself and say that I’m still in control. I’m along for the ride now and that means taking the bull by the horns, straddling the lightning and going wherever it takes me. I don’t know what Kolt was, even though he must have been dead from the beginning. 
But I though she was dead too. I though she was dead like him. I don’t know what’s going on. But I do know what’s real. And that kiss was real. And so is the lovely smile she is giving me as our lips part.
I’m not going to lie anymore. I’m going to forget what I thought I was before. I’m going to deny the man I used to have to be when I was at the Morris-Cooper mining Company. I’m going to forget whoever that was and I’m going to draw a line in the sand and start again. I’m going to be a new man. Whoever that might be and whatever he might turn into. Strange that a kiss can make you see things more clearly.
But I’m done being scared. I’m done being worried and I’m going to look at this in a new way. Coming here has, in a heartbeat, screwed everything that I thought I knew. But I’m not going to be scared anymore. I’m going to let it happen and enjoy the ride.
Sure, I know that’s bull, I know that whatever is behind the walls of the decaying Kraken will scare me half to death. But I’m ok with it. I’m at peace with it. 
I stare at her for as long as my nerves will let me. I feel like I need to say something but I daren’t. Luckily she brakes the silence first.
‘Are you ok?’ I don’t think she actually needs to know or that she is genuinely worried about me. I’m not good at hiding my emotions and I know that a thin smile has crept onto my mouth. She knows I’m fine, she must just be, adorably, as nervous as I am and felt she needed to fill the gap.
But I might as well ask. Even though I know the question is pointless and may as well fall on dead ears. I might as well try to get out of her whatever little memory she still has left. How can I phrase it? How should I phrase it? Now that I need to be a different man to whoever I was before. 
Before I was cold. I was with Kolt. That job though, it changed me, I know it did. It made me that way. It isn’t who I am underneath. I know that. I just have to try to remember who I used to be before I took on that horrible job and let them get under my skin. 
Either that or I just need to toss it away and start again. I need to be a new man. I guess I would usually shut a stupid question like that out completely. I would probably ignore her and just move on coldly. But I need to be different now. I guess I’ll return the gesture then.
‘I’m just worried about you.’ I think that should do it. I think I’ve managed to lie my way through my own fears, even though those fears feel distant right now, and still made her feel respected in turn.
‘Why?’ She is so sweet. Even through my belting headache and the cold I can’t help but smile just because she talked at all. She always sounds so innocent. So protective. Just the right amount of a high pitch in her voice, without it being annoying or out of character, to be sweet and attractive.
‘Your memory…’ What else could I have said? Maybe it was too much and too soon because it instantly makes her recoil. I catch her hand as she retreats and bravely pull her back to lock eyes with me. Even if I had wanted to be stern with her I couldn’t have. Those eyes. What can I do, or any man for that matter, do but fall into them and get lost in the glistening pools of blue? 
Despite everything I had thought about her, her strength and her abilities, I can see a small tear form in the corners of each eye. I don’t want to say anything. It must be the years of programming kicking in again, but I don’t know what to say either. I have to fight the urge, hard, to say something cruel and diminishing like “buck up” or make some childish reference to her girlish emotions. 
I need to ignore those emotions and those urges from now on. I just stare at her in a way that I hope does not come over as creepy, but probably does. That was enough to press her into saying anything at all. 
‘I…’ She starts but hesitates. Pulling away she places an open palm across her obviously aching forehead. ‘I don’t know why I’m here, or what you did, or even who you are other than your name. But I feel… ok. I feel peaceful.’ So do I. And that’s rare. 
Usually I’m fraught with worry or paranoia. Another distinct disadvantage of having been beaten physically and mentally for so long. I still don’t know what to say.
‘I guess, I just don’t want to remember right now. I feel ok, and I like being with you. I feel like a blank slate. Maybe that was why I forgot everything. Maybe I needed to.’
I want to push her further. The old me, or the me I’m trying to stop being at least, wants to dig harder for more information. But I guess I feel the same. I feel like a blank slate and I feel like I can write whatever I want onto mine. I know I needed it. My past is no story book and I’m glad I’m here if it means I finally get to shred that book. So I leave her be. And just try to be glad that she’s there.
I can sense that she wants the conversation to end, even though I don’t. And as much as I’d like to spend the rest of my life, however short and soon to end it might be, staring at her, we need to find a way out of here. The plan was to call for the Russian Federation. 
That was what Kolt was bringing us here to do. Before he… went away. I guess, as I think about it and run my eyes across the walls of the room we pushed through into, that’s the best way that I can describe what happened to him. I don’t want to think of him as dead. Even though he might have been. But then again he might have been a figment of my imagination. As well might Lucy. 
I try to drown those thoughts as the dark room slowly became more visible as my eyes adjusted to what little ambient light there was. My headache was starting to fade too. I know I must have lost a lot of blood by falling over on the ice outside. But I feel ok now. I reach up and rub my open and uncovered palm across the brittle blood that has matted it’s way into my long hair. It hurts as I brush past it, sending another spark of pain around the front of my head.
I have to keep looking back for her. Just to make sure that niggling voice in my head is wrong. The one that is telling me Kolt was never there, and that she isn’t here either. That our kiss was fake, dreamed up by my desperate imagination. I take my hand off the back of my head and make my way to the nearest wall. 
Just to touch something. Just to feel something. To remind myself how to feel, what the tips of my fingers could touch. And that soothed the voice in my head that was slowly starting to irritate me.
The tunnel we used to get inside from the cold has led to the engineering section of the ship. As the light penetrated the backs of my eyes, the scale of the place slowly settled in.
We had entered the broken ship into a cavernous and vast space. The Engine Bay. The room stretched high into the abyss above and even further to the same abyss below. But that engine. That hyper drive. That first breed.
I lusted for it as I ran my open hands over the flame scarred engine case. As the dull light pressed further into my eyes, I could see more of the vast and cavernous space into which we had emerged. At least three storey’s in height, open plan in design, with metal walkways spiraling and interconnecting over head. Wrapped around the case of the first breed of hyper drive engine.
Even though it was dead, even though the ship had perished in a war I know little about, I could feel it. I could feel the life breathed into the engine as I ran my hand over its cold and empty shell. I was getting giddy almost at the thought of it.
This is where it all started. This is where the whole universe had opened up to the world. This is where those few brave pioneers took to the skies and raised up a fist to the stars.
Most of the walkways above were broken or cracked. I could even hear them creak in the odd gust blown into the place through the tunnel we just crawled through. It was much warmer in here than it had been out there. But being warmer shouldn’t be confused with being warm. It was still really cold. It must have been a cooling vent. Like I had guessed. We had crawled into the engineering deck via a large hole but the pipe carried on, spiraling down a few levels and into the very core of the engine itself.
I peered down, into the darkness, over the brittle and frosted metal railing to the core of the engine. Once upon a time, maybe not even that long ago, the ionized gasses swirling around the core would have washed this whole section in dazzling, ever changing colors of the whole spectrum. It was a shame. And it was sad, especially for me, seeing it dead like this.
‘So much for my plan.’ I whispered but Lucy must have heard. Though she had been silent for some time as I browsed the area, she came jogging over to my side. She laid a comforting hand on my left shoulder and almost cuddled me as she peered down into the dead ship’s core. I wanted to recoil. Like I did before, and retreat into my defensive shell, but I quickly remember that I decided to let whatever version of me that was die. 
I fought the reaction hard and just let her hold me. It felt wrong. But nice all the same.
‘What were you thinking?’ She asked softly into my ear. Not wanting to upset or embarrass me but out of curiosity. I wanted to hide the truth from her. I wanted to just not reply but I fought that reaction hard too. I had known my idea wouldn’t work. Not just because what Kolt had said about the state of the Kraken, but in knowing in myself that my idea had been informed more by fantasy than it had by anything else.
‘Oh… just some childish fantasy I guess.’ I admitted through a sigh, turned, and gazed into her eyes. I was going to leave out the rest. She chuckled playfully, adorably.
‘What?’ She persevered and I got the distant sense she was playfully toying with me. 
‘That we could fly this broken old ship out of here.’ My dream after all. She didn’t reply even though I knew fine well she was fighting back the urge to mock me. She just smiled, and kept on smiling, and I was just happy to watch her.
‘I don’t think we can do that.’ She rubbed her hand gently back and forth over the arch of my back. Maybe she was lying. Another stray thought suggested. Maybe she was lying that she had no memory. She had battered me before, I remember very well, back at the mine. Now she was groping me and comforting me. 
Had I misjudged her that badly? I had no problem with her beating me though. A daily beating was a dead cert and I definitely preferred them from her. But maybe, just maybe, she had admired what I did. Maybe she came here to join me. Not to kill me, finish me off or take me back. Just maybe. But I doubt it. 
I can see it in her eyes. They’re open. Not open in the sense that she is looking out of them, but I mean an open book. Not being able to hold a stare would suggest to me that she was hiding something. But she looked at me softly and kept her eyes focused there as I turned to lean on the barrier side. 
I wish I could ask her. The old me might have. But I just have to leave it for a little longer.
‘Hey.’ I interjected. ‘Don’t knock it.’ I was talking about my idea. Or was it more a fantasy? ‘You can’t tell me it wouldn’t have been one hell of a ride to fire one of these up and blast it through space to wherever the hell we wanted to go?’ I smiled at her. It feels unnatural to smile. For reasons that should be obvious by now. But I fight through those reasons and do it anyway. 
She takes me by the hand and pulls me off the barrier a little. She then places her fingers around mine and we walk, hand in hand, more stroll, around the broken ship’s interior like we are taking the five dollar tour.
‘Where would you go?’ She asks me. I have to think about it for just a second but the answer is obvious when all other possibilities don’t match up.
‘I’d go home. See my Dad.’ I was waiting for her to ask why but she doesn’t. I guess the shortness of my sentences and answers gives away that I don’t want to talk about it.
‘You?’ I quickly ask in case she loses the ability to fight the urge to ask anyway.
‘I’d get good and lost.’ She doesn’t give anything else away and I’m not sure what she means. I’ll have to add that to the growing list of questions that I need to ask her later. When we’re better friends.
Even though it would have been exhilarating to say the least to fly this old and battered icon of a time lost, it was nothing more than a pipe dream. I guess that means I’m out of ideas. Lucy seems happy. As we walk around the broken ship, she swings her hand up and down with mine clasped inside of hers. She is still smiling and I don’t know why. I still don’t know what to think of her. But I don’t want those questions in my mind right now. 
The niggling thought that she might be just like Kolt. Either dead, or just a figment of my own broken imagination. As much as I love her company right now, and as much as she is helping me to feel like a new man, we need to think of a way out. I need to admit that my ideas are sub par and that I need her help.
‘Any ideas on what we should do?’ I nervously ask her, and turn my shoulder gently so I can face her as we walk. Our boots clink off the old and rusted metal barrier walkway. The sound rattles around the cavernous and dark space but we feel no fear. Even though we probably should.
‘I think we should just explore the ship. Maybe the answer will present itself.’ That makes sense. We might just need a little inspiration. And how better to get it than walk around an iconic structure such as this. She stops walking, leaves go of my hand, and the cold suddenly fills my palms where the warmth of her skin used to be.
‘Should we split up?’ She suggests, proud of herself and feeling no fear at the prospect. I wish I was the same. Just the thought of parting company has me silently terrified. But alas that’s another of those old reactions that I need to fight. I should listen to her. I’m not going to be afraid like I was before. I’m at least going to try.
By chance we had stopped by a large door. The control mechanism must have been fried in the crash or the fire that followed because it was already slid ajar. The spinning lock, of the same design but an older model, to the ones that locked the doors of my rig, had long since been battered open by desperate survivors trying to get out of the burning wreck. 
Another thought occurs to me. Another stray. Where are all the bodies? I let it pass and not sink in. I don’t want to know the answer, so I don’t ask the question.
‘Yeah.’ I hope the hesitation doesn’t show too much in my voice but it probably does. Even though I know she will have picked up on it she says nothing out of kindness. ‘Why don’t you stay here and I’ll check out what’s behind that door?’ I bravely offer but she has already wandered over to the dark crack between the two sliding partitions. 
She is holding onto one door and poking her head into the dark space beyond. I guess she has the opposite idea.
‘No.’ She says calmly, but with a gentle smile, as she slides back thorough the door.
‘You love this thing.’ She continues. ‘Stay here and take a look at the engine, try to find out if there is anything left worth salvageable. I’ll go this way.’ She raises up onto her tip toes and pecks me lightly on the cheek as a goodbye then disappears before I even have the chance to protest. I might have pretended to protest at least.
But I can’t say, not here in the honest confines of my own mind, that I would have disagreed with her. I did want to look over the engine. But there was something else I wanted to know. What happened to Kolt? He must have worked here.
Chapter 14
Alone again
She was gone so fast. And even though I haven’t known her for long at all, I already miss her and feel empty without her. Does that mean I was wrong? Does it mean she is real? If my mind had dreamed her from nothing, nothing other than my memory of her as a guard back at the mine, then why would she leave? If she was a product of my dismembered and lonely, anguish ridden imagination then she would still be here saving my pathetic self.
But there is something else I need to ask myself. Something about her that has me off balance. It doesn’t seem right with me. Never before in my life has a girl propositioned me with a kiss out of the blue. Why would she? If she really has lost most of her memory then why would she just go and do that? I’m no oil painting. I know that. Especially not now, looking as I do, like I’ve been dragged backwards through hell twice. So maybe she is lying. Maybe she does remember me and secretly liked me as much as I did her. But my own self doubt turns that away immediately as an explanation.
So I guess I have to just take her at her world this far. She is lost. She has lost her memory and is willing to just go with the flow of things. Maybe she’s given up and just isn’t showing it. This world is desperate and it does sap the life out of you. Maybe she’s the same in that sense. And I guess in the face of death, you take what you can get. That’s a little shallow, I know. But it’s all I’ve got at this moment in time. But I do believe in my heart that she’s real. So at least there’s that.
I try to focus on that and drag my eyes slowly away from the gap in the cold and static metal blast doors that she had slipped through. I try one last time to peer back through the gap after her. But it’s too dark. A part of me, a much larger part than I would like to admit, wants to call her name just so that she will come back. But I need to buck up my ideas and allay my fears. 
I can do this. I need to check out this area. I’m supposed to be looking for anything that might help us to get out of here but that’s a distant second on my list of priorities.
The engine deck is shaped like a tall, towering and cavernous tube that reaches through many sections of the ship. I don’t have to see it, even though I can, to know what it would have looked like in full light and strength. I can just imagine it. I can picture it from the schematics that I poured over, like the nerd I used to be, or might even still be, in my bedroom back at home. 
I cast my eyes up and down, trying to make out the shapes of the dark reaches above and below. I can see, now that Lucy is gone and I have nothing else to look at, that the spiral staircase running around the outer shell of the tube is cracked and broken. It reaches down into depths beyond the power of my sight. 
Even though it is in runs I am certain that I can make it over them and get down safely. I am sure, unless my memory is gone, that the control panels and the like are down at the far bottom. That was where I would look for any sign of Kolt.
I need to know if he was real. If he was a ghost or an apparition. A fictional character that my mind called upon to get me through a horrid experience, or if he really perished here in this ship many years ago. I don’t care about getting off this planet. Not right now. My mind is hungry for answers and I can’t keep denying it of them.
So I guess that I need to go and check out the rest of the engine room. As I cast my eyes over from one end and to the other, I listen with as much concentration as I can. The ringing in my ears, caused by my latest fall, still hasn’t gone away and it’s starting to annoy me. I’m trying to listen to anything lurking in the silence and the constant e-sharp tone in my ear won’t go away so that I can. 
I should really give myself a break. I’ve been through a lot and I don’t mean that to sound like I want some sympathy, even if it would only be from myself. I haven’t slept in what feels like days and I’m loosing concentration fast. But I need to keep going. I need to keep pushing and trying to find that next level, that last drop of power in the well spring of my mind.
With a deep sight I turn to the metal railing that runs all along the walkway. The one we emerged onto from the exhaust vent. I can see the way down but it is shrouded in darkness. Not just dark in the sense that the light, what little there is, cannot break through far enough. It’s almost like a dark fog. Like a smoke. And then there is that smell again. The feint, tantalizing and mystifying yet comforting smell of old fires and log burners. 
The dark that shrouds the levels below is volumetric. Not just a veil but a choking mist. I sigh again. Without meaning to. I promised myself that this would  be a line in the sand. That I would forget whoever I was before all of this. 
The short tempered and short fused, and let’s face it, ass that I think I am. The guy who can’t even crack a smile at a familiar face. Who can’t even thank a stranger for their help. My heart sinks as I remember the way Kolt virtually dragged me this far. And I suddenly realize but only now that I never thanked him. Not properly. Before he went away.
So that means I have to keep going. Past that mist and mystifying darkness. Because I owe him at least the effort of finding out what happened to him. Maybe that would give him closure. Of course, all assuming that he was real, or ever was real.
‘Come on Parker.’ I say under my breath with yet another unplanned and unsolicited sigh. A shrug lightly of the shoulders. And I make my first step towards the staircase that runs along the outer side of the cylindrical room. 
My footsteps bounce off every wall as the metal of the walkway creaks and groans beneath my weight. The bolts scream in protest, the ones that secure the structure at every wall, as I make my way lightly to the first step. 
As I bravely enter the mist it comforts me in a way that I never thought that it would. It wraps itself around me like a blanket in the night and warms me. I relax and continue to step down one at a time. The bolts don’t screech any more and the walls don’t cry anymore for a past glory that is no more. 
I’m more than a little surprised that I can hear voices coming from the distance. And even though my heart immediately starts racing in protest, I quicken my pace towards those voices. Because I recognize at least on of them. 
As my feet race at a volume my heart is not comfortable with, the mist recedes and the light from behind it peels away. The structure around me looks as new and I can see men hurriedly going about their work below. 
I can see uniformed and disciplined men sat at terminals while others rush from one desk and to the other with instructions and orders. I can see they are in crisis mode. Once the darkened mist that once shrouded and comforted me dissipates I can hear the alarms. And feel the fury of the flames. 
I must be dreaming. I want to rub my eyes, to kick myself, to pinch my own arm or something else that you might expect. But I’m frozen to the spot. In admiration. In despair. I’m not sure which or even if that’s it. 
Because I can see Kolt standing there in the middle of it all. Tall, as I knew him, and with his shoulders pinned back in pride. He was an officer on board the ship and he was going down with it. I could sense the panic in the room, but I could not feel it. Even though it would seem that the events, the events I assume that ended the life of this Kraken and of all those on board, seemed to be unfolding before me. 
I feel distanced from them. Like some safely guarded part of my mind knew that it was wrong. That it couldn’t be. That I must be hallucinating or in some other dream like state. I can see the ship falling from the embrace of deep space. I can feel it falling desperately, on fire and burning as it falls, through the atmosphere of the planet on which it came to rest, the surface of which I must still be stood upon. 
But I’m not afraid by it. I can feel the rush in my stomach as gravity steps back in and does nothing to help the doomed ship. But it’s vague. It’s distant. I guess the best way that I can describe it to myself is that it felt like I’m playing a simulation of what happened. 
I can feel and even to some smaller extent partake in the exhilaration of the event. But I know that it’s ultimately false, and that I’m ultimately not a part of it and will be safe from it at the end.
In the presumed safety of the future, given that what I was witnessing could only be a part of the past, I took the time to admire the Kraken in the prime of it’s life. Even if it was at it’s very end. My eyes are unstoppably drawn to the dazzling patterns the ionized gasses make as they swirl around the outer shell of the hyper drive engine. The swirling colors project onto the floor and wash the room in dazzling and beautiful lights. It’s like an organic movement. Or so it seemed to my ignorant mind. It seemed that the engine was alive. But in pain.
‘Fire the jet engines into full reverse.’ Kolt yelled at he top of his voice over the ruckus. He raised a powerful and unshaken arm to a distressed younger man, dressed much the same as he, in the gown I had grown to like despite its garish nature. The young man glanced back, from his place arched over his work station, to Kolt with fearful and almost teary eyes. 
But he didn’t question and did as he was asked. If only I’d had Kolt there to tell me where and when to fire the jet engines to slow down descent. I might not have crashed and ended up in this mess in the first place. 
‘Yes commander.’ He said. The brief and desperate exchange over. I can again feel the power of the Kraken’s mighty reverse jet engines, but they don’t scare me as I thought they ought to. I remembered, but only a had a brief moment to enjoy the sense of childish emotion it gave me to remember it, that this ship truly was where the old met the new. 
The hyper drive engine, as powerful and as mighty as I though the first of their breed to be, was so completely dependant upon a jet engine as it’s crutch when it came to landing. A smile stretched across my face but it was brief.
It was knocked off me, and all sense of happiness with it, as I watched the hyper drive shell explode. And Kolt, along with every member of his team, engulfed in the resulting flames. 
Strange what your mind thinks after an event. When there is nothing that can be done to prevent or improve it. Even though I suppose an observer such as me could have done nothing anyway. But I had noticed, and unintentionally ignored, the ionized gasses stop to move. I guessed, there and then before the flames washed into me as well, that they must have had something to do with the cooling of the engine. 
I wish I could know more about what happened. Was it battle damage, an accident? Or something more sinister like internal sabotage? I guess I was not meant to know. I was just supposed to know what happened to him. Or else my dream or vision or whatever this is would have shown me more.
I can see him writhing in pain. I can see him dance with the fire that swallows him. Trying so desperately to worm his way out of it’s embrace. But it was not meant to be. I could swear that as he died, he looked right at me, with those bloodshot and piercing eyes. I can see him pause, then with one last fit of energy, whatever he had left in him, try to pull at his gasmask that had become welded to his face. To his skin and his uniform’s leather too. 
And with that one last surge of energy he fell to the floor. And the fire consumed him again. Leaving nothing left of him for me to mourn over. And all I can do, is all that I had done the first time I had seen him die. Watch. Helplessly.
My eyes were pinned open until the fire had gone. Until the Kraken slammed into the mountain side. Where upon it still rests. And until the ship, dead, as I knew it, returned from the vision in which I had seen it.
I shook my head from side to side to try to get rid of the sudden onset of a headache. Or should that be another headache? Even though I know what I saw. Even though I could feel, in some sense or another, I could feel the death of the Kraken, I had to ask. Was that a dream? Was it made up, like another imagination? I didn’t have the answers right there and then. 
I couldn’t figure out what had happened and that meant one thing. My mind was still not satisfied and I needed to know more.
That was what spurred me on. That’s what made me follow the creaking stairs further down into the bowels of the ship. The desire to know more. To find out what really happened to Kolt. Or should that be, to find out whether or not that vision was what really happened to him. 
In that vision he was burned to a crisp. Consumed in the fire until there was nothing left of him. I don’t know if the answers will still be there for me to discover but I’ll try anyway. I owe him that. Whatever he was, he kept me alive through some really hard times. 
I eventually make my way to the bottom of the staircase. My fingers, I hadn’t even noticed, were white from the exertion of my grip against the stair rail. This place had me spooked. It had me on edge. The very edge of whatever edge it had me on. 
I know I promised myself that I would let this change me. That I would let Lucy change me and that I would be a new man because of her. That I would forget the ass that I used to be and that I would start again. But there was no point in lying to myself and telling myself that meant that I wouldn’t feel things like fear and regret.
I need to be honest with myself and use that emotion to drive me. It doesn’t mater that I’m scared. I needed to keep moving and keep trying nonetheless. And that’s why I keep going. That’s why I stride proudly and bravely over the flame soaked and charcoaled floor to the first station that I can see. The first terminal that looked like it might still have some life left in it.
What am I thinking? I scream inside of my own head. This thing is never going to work. It’s dead. Dead like me. Dead like this ship. There must be no power left to turn on the screen so that I can search for some kind of video record of my friend. A diary entry, a record of my friend in whatever form, I didn’t care. But I try anyway. 
I kneel down to look at the housings, cased in hidden conduits that ran along the burnt floor, and make sure that all the cables are properly connected before trying the power button again and again. I know that the hyper drive, a constantly churning power house of energy, is what powered and charged the ancient lithium batteries this old crate used. Again another reference of the old meeting the new. And that meant that I knew they would be discharged after all this time. But I tried anyway. 
And by something, something that I hesitate to dub a miracle but must call it so anyway, it actually turns on. I shake my head twice. Check the cables again and bat the screen with my open palm just to check, just to assure myself that it isn’t just my own imagination. But it isn’t. I’m sure. I check again. But it’s right. 
There is still life left in it and I can see the information slowly load and the ancient computer screen. It, like the Kraken and like Kolt himself, was frozen as it was when it crashed. In alert mode. 
A mirror, a ghost, of it’s last moment. My thoughts turn for just a moment to Lucy. I can’t help but wonder about her. I wonder if she has found anything of use. Anything that might help her and might help us. If she is even real. But I try so hard to shunt those thoughts out of my head and they reluctantly go when I focus hard on the warning message upon the screen before me. 
It’s in Russian but the bold colors and strong, bright orange and red fonts give the purpose away. It must be touch screen. There isn’t a keyboard. I struggle to remember, even though I’m trying as hard as I can to, whether or not those things had stopped being the norm by the time this thing was built. 
I wipe the screen with my palm, since I don’t have a clean cloth or anything I can use instead, to clear it from dirt and flame scarred soot. When I rub my hand over the static charged screen for the fifth time the warning message disappears completely.
The screen feels hard. Not how it should. The normal screen would have felt subtle, almost spongy and fresh. That’s how the ones on the rig felt, even though I didn’t get much chance to touch them before I crashed the damn thing. It must just be a sign of it’s age or something. But despite that small drawback, it still works. 
I can’t make out much of the Russian text. Like I had a clue about languages. I recognize a few Russian words but mostly only when they are spoken. The Russian language uses a different alphabet all together. So it’s hard to relate the phonetic sounds to the symbols that may as well be alien. They are to me anyway. 
I wish I had a way to contact Lucy. It’s really strange how much I miss her even though she was only with me for a brief few hours. I hope she’s ok. She might even know some language skill.
But there it is, staring me in the face. A word not too dissimilar from it’s English equivalent. Gespenst. The word I figured before, the one that means Ghost in it’s native tongue. That must have been some kind of record of Kolt. With the vision I just saw, more experienced, still rattling around my head this just adds more questions to the mire that will go largely unsorted. 
But I run my hand, as lightly as I can, a few times over the screen until it accepts the input. The dirt on my fingers and age of the screen must be hampering the interface. I can feel some sort of frustration rising inside me as I try and try again and again to open the link and nothing happens. I was never any good with technology either. I was better with a hammer and an axe. Hence my line of work. Even though it should have been called slavery. 
Finally the link follows through and images start dancing on the screen. There are dead pixels all over the old LED (Light Emitting Diode) screen, another sign of it’s age, but I can still make out the video that has began to play.
I don’t know how to feel as I watch the same scene as I had just witnessed unfold again. Not as a vision this time but as a recording. My hairs all over my body stand on end, my heart pounds and I am filled with an obscure mix of elation and heartache. 
I see Kolt, stood centre frame in the recording, giving out his orders with pride and authority. I thought he was only a Private. He doesn’t act like one. I add that question to the mire too. Maybe his commander got himself killed and he had to take over. That part would have to remain a mystery, simply because I don’t care to pry further. 
I answered what I wanted to know. Kolt was real. At some time, in some form, he was real. I hadn’t imagined him. Hence the confusing mix of emotions surging through my blood. 
I’m glad he was real. I really am. I would have felt weak and powerless if I had found he had been a figment of my desperate imagination. So my ego, that battered and bruised ego of mine, was soothed after all. But it just meant something more harrowing was unfolding on this world. One that didn’t sit right with everything that I thought I had known right up until today. 
The dead live. Or they relive. However which way I could put it, it still made no sense. But it was clear that the dead were restless on this world and they remained here as ghosts. That didn’t mean I could accept it yet.
My mind, without my permission and barely without my knowledge, switched back to thoughts of Lucy. How can I trust her now? I thought Kolt was just a man. A survivor. One totally off his rocker but a man nonetheless. And he was not. Not anymore. I need to shake it off. But I can’t. 
Through the burning questions and raging confusion all that I can think is that I hope she is ok. I don’t want what happened to Kolt to happen to her. I want her to be real. Flesh and blood like me. I didn’t know I had any feelings left. But what I had left, what remained, they were all for her. 
I tried to revive the screen when it died but it wouldn’t turn back on. Even though I know what I saw, both in my obscure vision and in the CCTV recording, I would have liked to see it again just to make sure. 
Not that I wanted to watch him die over and over again. But just another time might finally squash any doubt left over in my mind. I guess it will have to do.
Chapter 15
Reunited
‘Sam!’ Lucy’s distressed voice came bellowing from some unknown place. It startled me. I had taken to staring at the black and failed screen in some sort of state of denial. In some sort of recharge mode that might give my tired mind some time to process all of the difficult information that I had presented it with. But her shout socked me out of it in a snap. It must have been some sort of internal announcement system. Her voice, the voice of that angel, rasped and spluttered through some speakers that must not have been used in centuries. Or close enough at least.
‘I messed something up!’ She screamed again. ‘Get somewhere safe!’ I have no idea what she has done or what she means, and I have to fight the internal reaction to freeze to the spot and panic. I dart my head from left and to right and see nothing but the dark corners of the deserted and flame torched control room.
‘Come on!’ I scream at her even though I know she can’t her me. ‘I need more info than that!’ I would have never talked to her like that had she been stood in front of me. I guess I just need to vent some pent up emotion and frustration. It was as if she heard me.
‘I was trying to find a way through to the opposite side of the ship, I opened a closed and quarantined sector and have released VX Poison gas!’
‘What!’ I shout without thinking about it and grip the back of the seat in front of the console that I had been using. I just hope she’s ok. ‘Where do I know that name from?’ I scream at myself and start searching my own struggling memory. I figure it out as fast as it takes for my heart to sink into my stomach.
‘Nerve Gas!’ I have no way to ask her if she made it out! That fills me immediately with dread, just the knowledge that I was going to have to just hope, just hope she was ok. I hate hope. Hope is a bitch and she never puts out! 
But at least I know what I have to do. The VX Poison gas is a blister agent. A similar compound to Mustard Gas but far more deadly. It was outlawed years ago as a weapon of mass destruction. Why the hell is there some on this ship? Just what were the Russians doing here?  That gas will tear through my lungs and stop my heart from beating in a few seconds if I don’t act fast.
I had spotted them on my way down the stairs. I had seen them in my vision too, and I had seen them on the video recording. There were lockers in the corner of this bottom section of the engine room. VX Poison gas! It hit me like a spade right now. That was why he had a gas mask on in the first place. They must have been attacked or maybe had an onboard spill. Ironic. Yet again. 
I need to find out if there is a spare mask in one of the lockers. I dart to them, slipping and sliding on the soot covered floor, and run into them with a crash. I tear open one of the doors, the only one I can find in this rush that isn’t locked, and rummage through. There is one! The same style as the one Kolt wore the whole time. Or at least the one his Ghost thought he still needed to wear in death. 
There was an apron there too. The same brown leather and disgustingly textured one that Kolt wore in the video. I remembered that my armor was ripped, from the constant falling over and the tight tunnel I had to crawl through to get in here, so I took that too. I hurried, my fingers no longer as dexterous as they should be in a calm frame of mind, to pull the mask on over my face before the deadly gasses spread. 
As soon as I had it on and fastened I pulled the leather apron over my shoulders and clipped that at the back fastener. I suddenly felt claustrophobic and restricted. My lungs burned with the added effort of drawing in breath. I had to fight with the panic response yet again. It felt like that river, like I couldn’t breathe and that I was going to die again. 
I took just a moment to centre myself and relax. To adjust to it and remind my tired mind that I had to be stronger than this. I was used to closed in spaces. I was used to garish safety helmets and different densities of atmosphere. I just needed to adjust and give myself a much needed break. Don’t forget the gloves!
I managed it all just in time. The room, when I turned back to face it, was slowly filling with a brown colored and thick vapor. The gasses filled the room in volumetric and undulating clouds. It choked the air and reduced visibility to near zero. I needed to feel my way out. 
That is, as soon as I had adjusted to it. I could feel my heart pound inside of my chest with the added restriction to my breathing of the horrible apron. But at least it would cover the cracks in my armor and stop any of the corrosive gasses from getting to my skin. I closed my eyes. Out of fear, out of instinct, I’m not sure which. 
I felt like I was tapped in an elevator or something. I’m used to the confined spaces alright. What with the mine and the suits we had to wear when we were digging. Not to mention the cramped beds we were made to sleep in. But this was different. In all of those times, there was always a way out. I always had some sort of control and an exit plan. Now I didn’t.
The smoke shrouded me in a blanket of uncertainty, it blocked my eyes and I had to draw harder with my lungs just to get some sort of breathable oxygen into my body. I turned from side to side, almost freaked out but caught it just in time, and placed my hand on the desk I had been looking over just a moment ago. 
It was the only anchor I could find. If I had let go of it, the gasses would have disorientated me so completely that I wouldn’t have been able to tell where I was. The chair, the bench, the old computer screen. They helped me find a starting point now that I had to paint a mental picture of the place. 
There was no other way I could get around now that I couldn’t see. One. Two. Three. Four. I counted my breaths in my head and held my eyes closed to focus just on the need to breathe and the need to be calm. Ok. There it was. The last of the adrenaline ebbed out of my choked system and I could think again. 
I can open my eyes and not freak out now. I’m acclimatized to the gas mask. To the lack of spatial awareness and everything else that came with it. I run my hands over my apron. The same sort I had seen Kolt wear in life, in death and in life after death. I brush it over and over to make sure my breathing has settled as much as I had thought.
‘Ok, I’m ready to go.’ There is no source of light at all. I can’t see more than two to three inches further than my nose but there isn’t a thing that I can do about it just yet. Wait! My hand brushes past something right there as I trace the folded contours of the rustic apron. There’s something inside of a concealed pocket. 
I rummage for it but do so calmly so as to not overexcite myself and have to start the whole process yet again. I know what it is already. A glow stick. The kind that matched the light of ten to twenty candles burning strong. They had been used in emergency packs all over the galaxy for as long as I knew of, and much longer before too. 
All I have to do was crack it, and let the chemicals within react to create an emitting light that might just help that tiny amount. My hand finally finds it. I take it from the concealed inside pocket and break it with a fierce snap using both of my hands.
As the chemicals inside start to mix, the glow stick illuminates just a few inches more of the growing fog in front of my face. I can see the various levels to it now. The clouds upon clouds of it. The density and thickness of it. But I have to say that I am relieved to have not seen anything more than just the gassy fog. 
The mind plays tricks. In this strange place. In this unknown world. Given what we saw back in the caves that led to the mountain pass, those shapes, ghastly figures dancing about the mist. I was so certain that it would have been the same here as soon as I lit up the gas.
‘Okay.’ I sigh to myself and exert myself just that little but more to draw in a deeper and more satisfying breath of filtered air. My thought’s turn to Lucy. What is it about her? That has me so… off balance. I think is the right thing to say. I care about her. And I don’t know why. I don’t believe in love at first sight. At least, the old me didn’t. But I have to concede, and my heart pounding when I just think of her confirms it, that I guess this is just what it is. Love at first sight.
‘Come on Parker!’ I bat the thoughts out of my head physically with my fist. I need to think. Yes, ok, I do care about her. A lot more than I should and a lot more than I suppose I’m supposed to. I do, after all, and even if she doesn’t, remember who she is. But so what? My mind screams at me. A new start. That’s what I promised myself this would be. If I care about her then to Hell with anything that might stop me. 
But I do need to shake off the paranoid thoughts, the smitten worries, and just get my ass into gear and find her. If she is still alive. My mind sneaks another harrowing thought to me from under the radar. 
But I dismiss it just as fast. She is smart. More capable than I am. Strong, angelic and fast. She found time to warn me. She will have found time to make it to safety too. I’m sure of it.
No more fooling around! I demand to myself and take the first step through the choking dense fog. I can map the place in my mind now. I know the vague direction of the stairwell that I used to get down here. I make for it, with an uncertain arm waving out in front of me as some kind of poorly designed mine detector. 
The glow stick is doing it’s job. I know these things can last hours and I certainly hope to have this figured out before that long. It should be ok. I slam my foot into the base of one of the chairs, it scared the life out of me and it hurt like Hell too. I listen as the chair on wheels slid across the flame scarred, once highly polished metal floor, and slammed into the metal railing that lined the staircase. It makes a dull thud, with a tiny echo that follows but was soon choked away. 
That helped. In an odd way. It reconfirmed the location of the steps in my mind and also made sure there was nothing more in my way upon the floor that I can no longer see. In a dash of bravery I jog the remaining distance to the steps and start climbing much faster than I though I was going to be able to. 
I cut through the fog with a spurt of energy, motivated by my selfish and childish desire to heroically save Lucy from whichever cupboard she had hidden in. I finally make it, out of breath and feeling clammy underneath my double layers of apron and armor, to the point where we had parted ways. Half way up the monumental structure that used to be the engine room. 
I finally realize now how hard it must have been for Kolt, or his ghost, or whatever he was, just to breathe wearing these damn things. My lungs are burning with the harsh pull of my diaphragm again and again just trying to suck in more air. But I had to be glad of it. Without this garish and let’s face it down right ugly thing, I would have been dead by now. 
It takes me twice as long as usual to get my breath back. I’m a big guy. I’m fit and I’m strong. I slam an axe against a rock face all day long but this place, this uncivilized planet at the ass end of the galaxy, is killing me. 
I place my open palms on my knees and arch my back over to get my breath back. It seems to help. My lungs can work more efficiently it seems in that position. But that’s not the only reason I’m doing it. I was trying to ignore it. I was trying to just hope it would go away. But my back is killing me with pain. From the fall on the ice, from the jump off the mountain pass and most of all from the crash that started this whole chain of events. 
I feel like doubling over and just staying there, crawled up in a ball, until such time as I either die or some one rescues me. But my will power will have to prove itself yet again here. Because I can’t do either of those things. And I won’t either. I need to save Lucy. I need to figure this place out and try to find a way off this cursed decrepit land.
‘Stand up you coward.’ I said, no, demanded of myself. It was odd. How much that voice inside could mimic what the guards, the so called bosses come slave drivers, back at the mine would say. And it was even more so odd that I listen to it. 
I stand up straight and fight the urge to scream out as I hear my back crack back into place again.
The pain finally gives way and my breathing settles. I need to get a move on. I still have no idea what had happened to Lucy, or even if she is still alive. But I know that I need to be faster than this. She might have safeguarded herself somewhere and somehow but I don’t know how long, if that was true, she would be out of harms way for. 
I know that I’m facing the crack between the two broken halves of the door, even though I cannot see it. The gas, still illuminated by the glow stick, is spreading further and faster. I can see it, carried by some current of wind or breeze flowing through the bowels of the ship, gushing through the crack in the broken door.
‘Lucy!’ I scream at the top of my lungs. The sound barely carries. My mask drowns most of it and the thick foggy gas gets the rest. There is nothing but silence. I sigh to myself and slide through the small gap in the broken door. 
I can feel my apron and my armor beneath it snag on the sharply protruding shards of sheered metal but I can just about fit through. I have to suck my gut in and not take in any air but I get through. 
Now I’m starting to feel a little scared. I have to admit it. I have no point of reference anymore. No mental picture of what the place was like before the gas filled the corridors and airways. I was going to have to make my way through here like some kind of blind and rabid dog.
I crouch to the floor and start rubbing my hand over the slick surface of the cold metal. It almost sends shivers around my skin. The surface is icy cold to the touch. My fingers almost get stuck to it like they might a frozen metal railing in the deep winter. 
That’s strange. Very strange. Because it doesn’t feel cold at all. I have to keep going. Somehow. I have to find the strength. I’m not sure bravado is the word that I would use but I need to save her. I have to. So I, again, power through my protesting heartbeat and start moving again. 
I stay low down on the floor, propped up on my hands and scurrying along like a spider. Staying low but keeping my knees off the burning cold of the metal below. The glow stick is showing no signs of fading but it does little to pierce any light through the volumes gas. It just lights up the various billowing layers of it. Like the worst fog you could think of. It’s debilitating, choking and highly claustrophobic.
I barely get ten meters before I sea them. Figures moving in the mist. Not just shapes and projections like back in the cave, but genuine people. Dark silhouettes moving in front of me, but at least not towards me. My gut reaction is to toss away my glow light. 
I throw it behind me and am again embraced in thick darkness. It must have slipped, or I must not be that good at throwing, because it lands just behind my stretched out feet. I lay on the floor as low and as flat as I possibly can get and try my hardest to stop hyperventilating. I have nothing to defend myself with. I can fight okay, but I really don’t have it in me right now. 
I can still see them, but more faintly now that my only source of light is behind me. There are three figures. Three easily recognizable as human frames ahead of me. One is taller, the other shorter. Both slim. But The third is being carried, cradled by the two others. The head of the third in the arms of the first. And the feet of the third in the arms of the second. Lucy? Had someone gotten to her? Had someone killed her?
I shake my head from side to side. It hurts with the added weight of the gas mask around my nose. I’m faced with another burning question. Were there still people surviving, still living in the hollowed out ruin of the Kraken? Either way, I’m not going to stand for it! I lift myself up to a standing and tall position. I ignore the hurt in my back, I block out the pain in the neck and the burning of my lungs as they try harder and harder to draw in more oxygen when there is little left. 
I start to run. I keep my blurring and glazed eyes fixated on the dark figures and make a direct line for them. My feet slam against the floor with every step of my stride in sprint. Breathing is harder and harder but I keep going anyway. I can feel, and hear, a growl build up inside of me. My arms swing violently up and down to balance me as I leapt at the tallest of the figures. But fall against the wall instead. 
No, it isn’t a wall, it’s a sheet of glass. I feel it flex just that tiny amount under my weight and bounce me back like glass does. I stand up right away, dazed and confused, I start swinging my arms around for Lucy’s kidnapper, who must have somehow escaped my grasp. But the figures are gone. And all I can see in the distance, down the straight corridor I had sprinted down, is the feint glow of my light stick.
Was it another vision? Or was I just loosing it? My lungs burn even more fiercely and I fall once again to my knees, panting hard for breath. But I’m, almost instantly, shocked out of my state of self pity, by the loud banging behind me. I rise up, spin around with clenched fists ready, only to see Lucy, safe and well behind the glass I had fallen into. 
I relax and instinctively, even though I have no idea what good it would do me more than raise my rock bottom morale, place my hands on the glass. She does the same. I can feel the electricity through the cold reflective surface and we both, I can sense, breathe a little easier. 
She’s talking. But I can’t hear her. She wipes away the odd tear of what I hope is relief. We part our, for want of a better phrase, “distant embrace” and I start rubbing my ear, shaking my head and waving my hand to signal to her that the room she’s hidden in must be soundproofed. She catches on quickly and smiles sweetly. She raises a single finger, a single dainty digit, to get me to wait a moment.
The room behind her must have been in some former life, in days long gone, some kind of lab. It’s safe, and even through the darkness I can see there is an airlock door at the other end. That must have been how she got in. There are two large towers housed in an area no larger than a closet that would purify the air. I can just about make out nozzles in the area above that. They would spray for any contaminants and kill any bacteria. The room itself is lined with microscopes on top of benches, various machines of design I can not place the use for, and the odd chart and white board still hanging from the other two visible walls. 
I’m calm. And that means I’m thinking straight. I start to figure things out again and read my surroundings. Like I should have been all along. I’m stood behind a pane of glass, looking into a lab. What could that mean? Where was I? People in labs, looking through toughened glass into a room beyond, are more often than not, studying something in a secure area. Damn! That must mean I’m in the secure area.
And I could only hope they weren’t studying something dangerous. And if they were, that it wasn’t still around to be upset with me on their behalf!
Lucy had been staring at me for a few seconds. While I was in a trance reading the room around me and the room around her too. She was thinking too. I could see the distance in her eyes. The vagueness in her expression. Though she still looked as pretty. And then came the eureka moment. Her posture bolted more upright and her gorgeous eyes focused immediately. 
She reaches into her back pocket and reveals a small canister of ruby red lipstick. She starts to apply it to her thin and seductive lips, with the faintest hint of a smile and a sly, barely noticeable wink too. I can tell she is teasing me. Even though I feel, deep down, the situation to be too desperate for such frivolity, I accept the gesture, smile beneath my mask and place a hand back on the glass so she knew I liked it. 
She just giggles. Even though I can’t hear it. I know it would have been cute.
She stops playing with me and starts thinking hard. The focus returns to her eyes and she ran her free hand through her copper red hair just once and starts drawing. 
A little stick man first, then a line, and a little stick girl behind that. That must be us. She’s drawing me a map. A few corridors, extending and never finishing, most likely because she had no memory of them and hadn’t explored that far, a few doorways too. Some discovered, some not. And with the odd turn and twist here and there, my directions to where she is. 
I commit it to memory. Turn to face my right. A short walk. A left, a long corridor, another left. She doodles some blocks and what looks like stones and boulders in the way, and a diversion that swung through some more corridors to the right. 
In those corridors she had doodled what looked like waves. I guess that they must have be flooded. With one final left turn, the route would lead to the airlock behind where she was stood in the lab before me. I hadn’t noticed before, I was just too glad to see her, but her hair was wet. How badly flooded was that section of the ship? 
She draws a heart in lipstick at the point where we would meet again. I smile again, remember that she couldn’t see it behind my mask, and bravely trace the outline of a heart shape with my own finger. She must have liked it. Because she started to cry again and pressed her lips against the glass.
I’m scared more than ever before. But I don’t want her to worry, and I guess there’s some bravado there too, so I just wave bravely, stand tall and walk away into the fog again. I look back after a few paces once I’m sure she can’t see me anymore and fall back to my knees in the pain I had been hiding.
Chapter 16
The Dead
I just can’t lie anymore. My back feels worse than ever. I can lie to others. I can hide it. I can cover it up, but I can’t lie to myself and just carry on ignoring it. But at the same time, I need to keep moving. This place is no place to die. Alone in this ship, not being able to see two fingers in front of my face, and choked by this creeping gas. 
I persuade myself off my knees and stumble to the wall at my left. I place a hand on it and use that to support my weight as I shuffle down the hallway. I can remember the map she had drawn. I need to turn left. My hand finally finds it’s way around a sharp corner and the rest of my body follows.
I know the next task is a long walk down a corridor, before I have to negotiate some tougher obstacles. I need to take it easy, try to breathe my way through the clenching pain, and take this easier walk to try and put myself right.
I manage to scrape myself down the hall and reach the first turn to the left. The slow walk and gentle pace relaxes my back muscles and the spasm from before subsides a little bit. I can breath a little easier now and it calms me enough to refocus.
I’m trying to keep that mental map alive in my head but it isn’t easy. I’m still fuzzy in the mind. Probably suffering concussion and definitely starved of water and food. Then there’s the blood loss on top of that. 
No way am I firing on all cylinders. I try to think of the basic sweeping pattern around the lab and to the airlock on the other side. But there are some doors and areas she hadn’t drawn on her lipstick map. And they throw me a little. I guess I need to stick to the path of least resistance. That must have been what she did. That was the only way she might have made it down the twisting halls so quickly.
I’m walking slowly still, even after that first left turn, and I have one arm pressed with my palm open across the wall to my right. It’s there to steady me. To stop me from falling if my back has another spasm or anything like that. Whatever painkillers Kolt had given me had completely worn off and failed in my system. Maybe there will be more in that lab? I can hope. 
That thought might help me drive through the last of the challenges and get me through that door. That as well as the chance of seeing Lucy again.
I come across, quite by accident as I slid my hand over the flame choked and scarred walls, a door that was peculiarly warm. Warm like it shouldn’t be. Not here on this ice cast mountain. After a raging torrent of a fire ripped through the ship many years ago. It was nice though. Just the touch and the feel of it. What were the chances? I thought to myself. Of there still being an odd burning ember on the other side, one that might warm me and comfort me. One that might burn a hole through this suffocating gas so that I may be able to see. 
And what were the chances still that I might be able to get the door open? I fold my apron to one side and reach into the pocket of my armor. I haven’t used my access card for a long time. Since we left the rig so many miles and what feels like so many days ago. 
What were the chances that it might open this door? I thought hard. Through the mire of gas, through the shaken concussive blasts to my head, through the claustrophobia and to some entrenched memory that I could barely still grasp at. All the cards worked off a personal area network. They used the electric field the body generates to spark the door open. 
The technology was old. Really old. I hold it to the door. To the spinning lock in the middle, of the same design as all of the others but infinitely smaller. And to my shock, amazement and horror, it opened in front of me.
I wish there had been a port hole so that I could have looked in first. I wish there had been a camera by the door, or that I had my wits about me and denied myself the guilty pleasure of seeking out he warmth. But there wasn’t. And I didn’t.
So nothing prepared me for the six foot tall burning man that slumped out of the door and fell upon my boots. I jump so hard in shock that I slam myself against the opposite side of the hall. My heart starts again, even though I don’t know how it has the energy to keep beating, and my chest burns like never before. The gas billowed around the tall, licking and oddly persistent flame. And he stands.
I start backing away, crouched down as low as I can through fear or some other silly reaction. The burning man looks right into my eyes through his. Bloodshot like Kolt’s. Masked like his too. Dressed the same and threateningly poised. I dare to lie to myself and say that he hadn’t seen me. How could he have? Through the gas and past the flames that still failed to consume him. 
But he had. I know it. He looks just like Kolt but he isn’t. I know he wasn’t. Kolt was my friend, in death, his at least, and I knew it wasn’t him. Even though the two might easily be mistaken.
‘Forgive… me?’ The dead man asks with a long pause between breath.
‘What?’ I demand of him and bravely stand. He confused me. Worried me clearly.
‘I am sorry for my sin. I beg you to forgive me.’ He lurches forth with an outreached flaming hand. But he spoke sincerely and sweetly. Through dried up tears and many years of solemn thought. There was weight behind his words. Truth and meaning too.
‘How can I?’ I ask him but can’t help to back away. It might have been a cliché but I got the feeling that by asking for forgiveness, he was about to do something that needed it, and he was about to kill me.
‘Are you not God?’ He asks again. More aggressively and determined this time. But with a further weight of impatience and desperation. What can I say in reply to him?
‘No. I’m sorry…’ I wasn’t sure what I was sorry for but I sure was.
‘Then you are like me?’ I don’t answer but accidentally shake my head.
‘What do you mean? Like you?’ I ask him to clarify and for once stood my ground.
‘Dead. And Lost.’ I could feel the shiver that raced down my spine churn my stomach. I don’t have time to protest. 
I didn’t have time to answer back. He backed away. Back into the doorway where I had discovered him. And I heard it lock behind him. I have no idea why I even tried, but my access card wouldn’t open it again. 
But I touch my palm once more to the surface. To feel it still warm. My throat is jumping out of my mouth. I feel sick but have nothing there to throw up.
I have seen visions on this ship before. I don’t want to think about who that was. Or what he was. And furthermore what he meant by his parting words. So I have to let my mind relax in the assumption that this was another vision. Even though it gave me no comfort to think of it either way.
But what else can I do? I need to ignore it. To put it down to some kind of silly vision or even my concussion. Because I need to keep going. I need to push on. So that’s what I do. I just keep moving. Fighting back the pain and the torture going on in my head, I move further along the otherwise barren hall. My hand still feels warm. And it won’t cool down. 
I guess, no I hope, that must be in my head too. I take the next left and try to stand firm again. My back pain is coming and going. But when it comes it feels excruciating. But it seems to be on the way down for now. So I breathe easy for now. I remember from the map in my mind, a copy of the one she drew for me in her ruby red lipstick, that the way ahead is blocked. 
And I can finally see why. The gas that had choked me for this long is flowing freely and steeply out of a sizeable crack in the side of the hull. I can finally see more than an inch ahead of me. More than whatever section of the billowing cloud whatever makeshift light source I might have come by had lit up for me. 
I can see right through the honeycomb structure of the armor plating that lines the hull and back out into the word beyond. The snow must have stopped but the mountain pass we had left behind still lays covered in the virgin white fall from earlier. It’s cold again quite suddenly but I’m glad of it. Of the fresh air too. Even though it hurts my face through the mask. It burns into my lungs that had become too used to the warmth of the ship. Or relative warmth at least. 
I can see that the path ahead is clear of the gas, as it all escapes out of the side of the hull, but I still don’t risk taking off my mask just for the time being. I remember from her drawing that the section ahead is flooded, though I’m struggling to imagine how or why at this height. 
Out of the crack in the hull I can see for miles and miles in the clear sky. I suddenly become glad that I’m inside. The vastness of this word and its sheer lack of any kind of civilization makes it daunting. This little ship is at least some kind of memento of a life more normal to me. 
I wouldn’t last a day out there. At least not without Kolt.
I try some of the doors by me and find them all locked. My heart is filled with panic again and my access card isn’t working on any of them either. How could Lucy have made it this far if all of the doors were locked? The answer was staring at me. Out in the maze of metal that was the honeycombed shell of the armor plating I can see a tiny bit of her jacket torn against one of the sharper edges. 
She must have climbed out and around the locked doors. I knew she was brave. But this is extreme.
As soon as I’d realized what she had done, I instinctively look down, and immediately wish I hadn’t. With the gas stumbling up in a flume toward the atmosphere outside, I can see clearly through the curved and arced superstructure of the armor plate. 
There was a long way down. Higher than that mountain pass Kolt and I had climbed. More exposed. And more obstacles to hit on the way down too. The space was marred with metal bars and beams running from one side of the armor plate and back to the hull. There’s plenty to hold onto at least. There’s no other way. I have to climb it. 
So I just have to get on with it. To Hell with all of the fear. To Hell with that distant but encroaching thought and fears of failure. To Hell with all of it. Do or die. I came here, to this world, away from the mine, prepared to die. Time to nut up or shut up! 
I pull my brittle frame through the gap in the hull and take tight hold of the first vertical beam. It’s freezing to the touch as I expected. I don’t even look down. I don’t stop so my mind can’t entertain the thought of falling. I step with as much grace as I think I’ve ever had along a section of beams and reach out for the corner where the side of her jacket had become snagged. 
I take the fabric for no real reason and stuff it into my pocket, then stop for a quick break. I’m conscious of looking down. Conscious to avoid it. So I look up instead.
I hear them scream. But barely make out the shape of a body fall past me and down into the shell of the ship. By the time my eyes had caught up with the speed of their fall, they were gone. And all I made out was a dark shadow race past my eyes. But I did hear them scream. A throaty, desperate and pleading scream that was ultimately short lived. I couldn’t hear them hit the bottom. I was high up in the structure and there was a long drop in front of me. 
In disbelief I look up again and try to see where the mysterious figure had fallen from. But I saw nothing. The gas that had plagued me thus far was shrouding the way. That thick noxious gas from which no light escaped. Could I have imagined that too? 
I tighten my grip on the next bar and lurch forward to the next. I step over another gaping chasm and keep going until I see another gap in the hull to my left. That must have been where she had gone. In fact I’m sure of it. There is, and it is a miracle I saw it at all through my quickly fogged gas mask lenses, a tiny splurge of blood against the crack to the innards of the ship. She must have caught her hand or something on the doorway. 
There’s a lot of exposed metal out here. I hope she is ok. I leap, rather bravely, back into the hallway. Which is no longer filled with noxious gas thankfully. I try to get my mask off right away but my hands are having none of it. I had been even colder out in the exposed section of the armor plating than I was used to. 
My adrenaline is going too though and I was trying so hard but couldn’t grip at all. So I just leave it alone for now.
There had to be someone else on this ship! It was the only answer I can come up with that I feel comfortable with. It’s the only one that explained everything short of my god like vision of the scene where Kolt had died. The figures in the gas. The burning man in the hall, and the falling person just now. 
There had to be another group of survivors on this ship. But who could they be? Maybe survivors from the original crash? That was a stupid thought, or so my mind recoiled as soon as the words had crossed the metaphorical lips of the voice inside my own head. But it was right to. 
This ship had crashed a very long time ago. The thought almost hurt. It made me think of Kolt. My friend, who I was doomed to never see again. Maybe, I press on with my line of inquiry, maybe they were survivors of the same ship that had brought Lucy here. Maybe they were from the Morris-Cooper company too? If that was the case, I had been lucky to dodge them so closely. 
Even though she had lost her memory, or claimed to at least, I have no doubt about why they were here. To capture me and return me to the company, if not kill me outright. That thought gives me another spurt. I need to press on. I was so glad to be back inside and out of danger of falling that I had as yet failed to notice the burst water pipe overhead. 
The water that once gushed from it had long ago stopped of course and the pipe had been choked up with ice, but I’m happy to guess what’s coming next. Lucy had drawn little wave patterns on her map to indicate, what I assumed, was a flooded section of the path. It looks like I’m heading right for it.
There’s a hall and a door to my rear but the explosion that had caused the gaping hole I had just climbed through had collapsed a section of the ceiling too and it was blocked. The floor of the hall in which I stand is frozen and slippery as a result. There’s another door dead ahead. It’s already open and ajar. I need to head for that. Lucy must have forced it over somehow. 
As soon as I squeeze through I notice the temperature spike. It’s dark but the air is chokingly damp and humid. The frozen surface of the hall previous changed almost immediately to slush and pools of stagnant water along my path. I can hear, or I think so anyway, a feint hissing noise. 
I conclude by what evidence I have that a steam pipe must have burst, probably quite recently, and melted the frozen pools of ice. It seems odd to me that a pipe, if I was even right, could have burst after so long. But I guess the ship, as old as it was already, is still in the process of dying. The systems, it’s life support, engines and everything else I can’t recall right away must have been taking their time in finally breaking. It was a robust design after all. I feel an odd sense of admiration for it for having held out so long.
My thoughts turn again to whoever else is here on this ship with us. They might be dangerous. I guess they might be the landing team that came here with Lucy. If I’m right then she probably isn’t the one in danger. I am. But that doesn’t stop me from worrying about her. She has lost her memory, at least I hope that’s all it is, and they might try to get her back. The last thing I want is for her to turn on me. I like her. I don’t think I could take it if she did.
‘You’re a damn liar.’ I said out loud by mistake. Sometimes I do that. Narrate my own stupid thoughts. But the words rung true. I was lying to myself. Again. I do like her. I haven’t felt like this in a long time. I have feelings for her for sure but I was lying to myself in saying they were my primary concern. I just don’t want to do this on my own. I had already lost Kolt. I don’t want her to go too.
I wade on regardless through the stagnant water at my feet. My boots must have been cracked somewhere because after only a few moments water started to gush in. It was ok though. It was warm and it felt good washing around my toes. I want to stop, take off my boots, apron and armor and wash the warm water all over my sweating and blood caked body. 
But I don’t have the time at all. The odd slither of light broke through the darkness and cast swords of pale light all across the water below. The hull was cracked and littered with tiny bullet holes all over the place. I can even see the odd shell casing in the pools below my feet. I kick one aside and watch it roll about in the current caused by my own footsteps. 
There it was again. The old world meeting the new. Projectile bullet casings onboard a space ship. I guess this side of the ship must have taken a big hit in whatever fight that had downed it.
A breeze washed through the clean air but it’s pleasant enough. I can finally, after what felt like a good few hours, see the path ahead. The lenses on my gas mask start to mist up again. It reminded me that I even had it on. Even though I hated it and it made my lungs hurt. I had become accustomed to it and far too used to it. My hands are steadier now so I reach around to the clasp at the back of my skull and unfasten it.
I let the mask fall into the water, which is becoming deeper as I move onwards, and relax to breathe a moment.
It feels like I had been carrying a heavy bag around for ages and now that it was gone I suddenly feel much lighter on my feet. It’s like that feeling but it’s deep in my lungs. It takes less effort from my diaphragm to pull in soothing yet cold air. At least the damn thing came off! I think to myself, speaking of Kolt of course. 
I shake my head from side to side, bravely ignoring the pain it causes me to do it, and stoop down to cup some water from the pools on the floor. It smells okay, looks clean too, and I’m far too thirsty to care if it will make me ill or not. I start sipping it at first, then gulping, to the point where I’m leaning right down and just drinking from the pool like an animal. It washes through my insides and tastes almost a little sweet. It hurts to swallow it at first, but given I have not eaten or drank for a long time, I persevere and ignore the mild pain it causes me. 
Just a sore throat is all. As soon as I have my fill, I lay on my back and let the warm water wash through my matted and sticky hair. It feels good to get the stained blood out and feel a little cleaner. I’m used to being dirty and have been for a long time. I was a miner after all. 
But if feels nice every now and again to feel even a little human. I sigh loudly and audibly.
No rest for me though. I still can’t relax. Not until I see her again. I reluctantly roll over and examine the path ahead. My eyes have become even more so used to the feint and vague ambient light in the bullet ridden hall. I can see the hall culminated at a set of stairs. Ones that led down into a newly flooded area. I guess there had to be something.
‘Just can’t catch a break…’ I say under my breath. That desire to be a new man takes over once again and I try not to complain. I try to think of it more as a challenge. I’m on a journey of discovery here. Every bit as much as I’m on a journey of self rescue. I need to find out who I was. Or decide who I was. Whichever it was to be.
I reluctantly roll over and take one final gulp of deeply satisfying and clean water before standing up again. The water trickles down the back of my armor sending a shiver down my spine. But it relaxes my again cramping muscles and stops the onset of any more pain. For now at least.
I wade over to the stairwell and start psyching up for what could be a very dangerous swim. I can’t for the life of me think about which way to go by my fading mental image of the map Lucy had drawn for me. 
I’m just going to have to go with the flow. I can always turn back and swim back this way if I get stuck. I have no idea how good I am at holding my breath but I’ve dug on some dumps for planets with thin atmospheres. So I guess the skill might be transferable.
‘Okay. I can do this.’ I remember my training. What little we got at the mine, incase we ever found ourselves in a collapsed section or anything. Breathe in as many times as you can. Hold each one in for a few seconds. That would get as much oxygen into your blood and muscles as possible. Then before submerging, take one final but slightly less deep lung full of air, so there would be less pressure on your lungs under the surface. 
I get as far as I can over to the stairwell, until my neck is just above water, and follow those stages. One breath. A second. A third for luck. Then a gentle intake and I throw myself under the surface. At least the water is still warm. This would be far less bearable if it was cold. I think back to those river rapids I had foolishly plunged into back on the surface of the planet. Hopefully this would go a little bit better than that.
I open my eyes as soon as the water fully washes over my head. It stings for a little while but I get used to it pretty fast. I use my grip and arm strength to pull down on the stairs and dive even deeper. My lungs hurt more and more with every further inch down that I dive. The pressure increases and my ears start to pop too. I fight my cowardly reaction to swim back up and get out. 
I need to press on and get this done. I finally reach the bottom of the stairwell where I notice an air pocket above my head, in what was once clearly a light casing. I take the opportunity in a heartbeat and push down hard with my legs to reach it. Even though I had only been down here a few moments, it’s good to fill my lungs with air once more. 
It’s darker down in the lower section. But there’s still enough light to get the job done. The light casing I just about fit my head into masks a vent shaft that runs along the ceiling of the lower hall. If I can pull myself through, it might be an easier way past the flooded section. 
The entrance to the vent, which I am certain is big enough to climb through, is covered by a grate and what’s left of the light housing. I raise up my right hand and grab onto the metal grate. The gaps in the grate are only enough to get my finger tips into but I’m strong enough to hold my weight like this. I start tearing at the light fitting, what was left of it at least, and throwing the rubble down into the water. It’s just the odd sheet of metal, two parts of a fluorescent light bulb, and a few damaged electrical terminals. 
Once that’s gone I start tugging at the grate itself until that becomes dislodged from its housing too. I let that sink to the bottom of the flooded hall too and start pulling my way through the narrow and dark hole over my head. It takes some effort on some of my muscles that I don’t often use to pull myself through the small gap. I have to grip the sides of the vent housing in different ways and slide my torso in first. Now to wriggle my chest and shoulders to pull my body and legs through. Good thing the water helps me feel a little lighter.
Once my entire body is in and I’m feeling as calm as I can, the space began to feel just that little bit bigger and I can start to move through it. The gap I have created by pulling the grate down is more narrow than the shaft itself anyway. I can just about roll my shoulders to gain momentum.
It’s dark in the vent shaft and I have to feel my way around. The metal it is made out of is solid enough and doesn’t creak or groan as I expected it would when I began to move around. It doesn’t bow under my weight either which makes the mammoth task of getting around inside of it that small amount easier. All I can see ahead is a reflection of light cast through the water, reflecting up from the corridor below at the next grate in the section of the vent. 
I make a b-line for it as fast as I can. Even though I’m out of the water and out of the cold, I still want this to be over. I’m only in an air bubble after all and eventually the oxygen will run low and breathing will become more and more difficult.
Chapter 17
Drowning
With as much effort as I can muster, I keep rolling my shoulders and shifting the weight of my body about my knees, and move forward. The surface of the vent is smooth but my disgusting leather apron sticks to it regardless.
Looking down through the grate in the next section of the vent immediately makes me feel less claustrophobic. But I almost throw up when I see the body floating in the water below. I hadn’t seen it before. Was it because I just frantically made it to the air pocket and then the vent afterwards? Or was it that the person had just drowned and floated down the desolate hall? 
In the light that danced through the currents of water, I can make out the uniform. It’s a guard from the mine. No doubt about it. But before I can make any further assessment of it, the body of what I now realize to be a young woman, starts to convulse. She violently wretches back and forth, twisting from the middle down to her knees and back again. Her eyes spring open and immediately, with a deeply horrifyingly pleading look upon them, lock onto mine. Wide. Pale blue and scared.
I ball up my fist and immediately start slamming them down hard on the vent cover. I would have watched them die before. I killed them myself. But that was a different me. That me was gone. I killed him too. I was going to save her. Just like I was going to save Lucy. 
With all the fury and passion inside of me I bang harder and harder upon the cold metal grate until it became dislodged and sunk to the bottom of the abandoned hall. I swing out an outstretched hand to the desperate girl and grab her palm with mine. I feel the life in her. I feel the struggle and the need in her. Just with that fraction of skin contact. 
I can see her pain and her fear. I grip as hard as I can as the water fights hard against me and pull her slowly relaxing palm towards me.
I’m not strong enough. I feel, to my horror and hers, her grip relax completely around my tired and brittle fingers. Her body goes limp but I have just enough time to pull her head closer to mine. 
I take in a long gulp of air and instinctively pushed my lips against hers and blew hard into her lungs. Something must have worked because she snaps out of it and starts convulsing again. No more time to think. I slide out of the vent and back into the oddly comforting embrace of the still warm water.
I grab the thrashing and scared body, pull it close to me and start to swim frantically down the hall. The effort is immense but I think the new me has a Hell of a lot more bravado than the old me. She is thin with a boyish frame. No curvy features but she was still pretty. I wish I could tell her to relax but I can’t. She’s fraught with panic and her body still thrashes around. I wish she would calm but instead she just keeps fighting. 
It’s not helping. I finally reach the end of the hall where I come upon a locked door. The same spinning lock as all of the others held two partitions of a large cargo door locked together. My access card! I let go of her with one hand and calmly reach for it in my pocket. I hold it against the door and with a surge of relief it opens. 
The water drains out from the flooded hall immediately and the current washes the two of us through the gap and out into safety.
I cough and splutter hard. So does the girl I have saved. But at least I have saved her.
Chapter 18
Lost
I’m breathing hard and in pain but I still stand right up and pull the frightened girl to her feet. She doesn’t seem right though. I guess that much is to be expected. She coughs harder than before to the point blood starts rushing from her mouth and nostrils. She wore the same uniform Lucy did. The same one I do. I’m getting some information out of her if she likes it or not. In a ritualistic return to form, in spite of the new man I want to be, I don’t even care if she is near death.
‘Why are you here?’ I bark at her insensitively. Almost threateningly. 
‘You don’t get it do you?’ She asks hauntingly. With pale and wide eyes.
‘Are you here for me?’ I shout even louder this time. ‘I’m not going back!’ I reach out an accusatory finger to her and snarl through every word.
‘You can’t go back.’ I don’t have an answer this time. I don’t know what she means. 
‘None of us can.’ She fills in for my absence. ‘Not from here.’ Her words send more shivers racing down my already aching and worn out spine. I still have nothing for her. I had no reply. No answer.
Water still gushes out from her mouth. Every time she speaks. But she stands relaxed and poised. Like nothing is wrong. Her skin is drenched with water, saturated and wrinkled like the surface of a date. I’m starting to get a sense of her. Of everything. But like Kolt before this, it’s a truth I want to ignore. Something I think I had realized some time ago. But one that I just can’t face yet. Not even now. Not even looking at her pale and dead skin. Her colorless complexion and lost distance in her eyes.
‘You just haven’t figured it out yet have you?’ The dead woman persists. I can only hope, even though I know even before the thought crosses my mind that the thought and the hope too was hollow, I could but hope anyway that this was another of the meaningless visions I have seen here. That excuse is starting to wear thin.
‘Then tell me?’ My attitude loses it’s edge immediately. I change from aggressive demands to pleas and begs.
‘Tell yourself.’ She says, smiles, and walks back through the now open doorway behind us. Back to the hallway I thought I had saved her from. I can see, now that the room had emptied of the water that filled it, the burst pipe atop the ceiling filling it once again. She moves beneath it and casts her eyes, her cold and fearless eyes, back to me for one final time. As the door closes between us I can see the faintest hint of a smile. As the door closes for her to relive her death over and over again. As a ghost, a specter or a poltergeist. Whatever term might best fit. And I still can’t deal with it. 
I still can’t bring my conscious mind to accept what it, and I above it, already know to be true. A vision. It must have been. The concussion or the blood loss. And I ignore it like all the others before it.
Drenched. Confused and miserable. But I’ve finally made it. The airlock door is behind me. And Lucy will be behind it. I trudge over to the access panel in the centre of the parting doors and hold my access card to it. But for the first time aboard the ship, it has no effect. I’m too confused, impatient and ill to bother trying to figure out what was wrong with it. So I just start hammering on the door with balled fists as hard as I can.
Lucy must have heard me. Because not long after did the door start to part from the join in the middle. And there she is stood as gorgeous as ever. I can see her through the second door of the airlock. And she looks, I am glad to see, as happy to see me as I am to see her. The old me would have fought the smile back. But the new me doesn’t want to. She waves at me and smiles as I half fall into the airlock and the door closes automatically behind me. 
I start pulling at my dirty and wet apron until it finally comes apart and falls to the ground. My armor is torn and broken beneath it but I can’t stand to wear the cover all any longer. I try so hard to fight the pain back. But I can’t. I hope for the sake of it that there are some pain killers in here somewhere. I really need them right now. 
Lucy comes over to the glass door that still remains locked as the air purifiers and jet sprays start to work. I can see the look of concern wore blankly on her face before I lower my eyes to the floor. I can’t look at her. Not when I look like this. I just about see her hands pressed against the glass as she crouches down to my balled up level. But I still don’t want to see her. Must be that new found bravado kicking in again.
I’m almost dreading the door opening. Dreading having to explain why I look such a mess to the woman that I curiously love. But I have to deal with it eventually. The incessant droning of the air purifier finally ceases and the water it has sprayed all over me has dried sufficiently. The door opens and I feel her soft, tough and gentle at the same time, hand on my back. I place my hand over hers and through the wincing pain I manage some kind of hello.
‘I’ll be alright in just a minute.’ I can hear the decibels in my voice lower as I cringe through the pain. 
‘Honey, what’s wrong?’ That sweet voice. It almost fills me with energy just on it’s own. It’s nice to be called by a pet name. Even though that might just be in her nature. She might call everyone “honey”. How would I know? I still, to be perfectly honest, know very little about her. I could lie to her. I want to. But I don’t.
‘It’s my back.’ I admit. I didn’t know that I had it in me. I wanted to just lie so much. I trust her a lot and I don’t know why. It’s just not like me to fall for someone head over heels. Not that I had the chance deep down in all the God-forsaken mines that company had us drill in. 
She, without asking or checking if it was ok with me, starts rubbing her hands all over around my spine. It seems to do the trick. Either that or I’m so besotted with her that I just feel better to have her touch me.
‘What happened to it?’ She asks as I suck it up all over again and stand to my feet. There are more important things for us to be seeing to than my silly little back ache.
‘I’ve been slapped around so much I can’t even remember.’ She sees the humor behind my thinly veiled brave face. She stops rubbing my back and takes hold of me by both hands.
‘Seriously. What happened?’ She smiles so sweetly to me. I can at least look at her now. I still feel funny when I do but at least I can hold her stare.
‘First I crashed a damn space ship, then I swam an ocean, fell down a gorge or something. Got chased by a dinosaur. Then I ripped my head open on a sharp bit of ice.’ I tried to hard to make it sound like a joke. Even though both of us knew it wasn’t and far from it.
I manage to part from her tantalizing glare and take a look around at the lab we were stuck in. There are all kinds of machines littered around the place but it’s unkempt and disturbed. The fire hadn’t spread this far through the ship. I know that by the volume of papers strewn across the floor. I don’t need to bend down to take a look at any of them because I can see they’re all in Russian. No point looking unless it was a picture book. I don’t know what any of the machines are so there is no point in examining any of those either. It hits me that I selfishly hadn’t asked Lucy if she was ok.
‘Everything okay with you?’ I was nervous to ask but it seemed only polite.
‘Shut up.’ She playfully shoved me and took a tight hold of my hands again. I press her further.
‘Any memory coming back yet?’ As soon as the first word left my mind I could tell that I shouldn’t have asked. She started to sob with tears forming in both eyes straight away. Whatever has come back to her is clearly nothing good.
‘What is it?’ I soften my tone as much as I can and look her right in the eye.
‘A memory that can’t be a memory.’ She’s talking in riddles. I don’t like it. It makes me shiver in fear. I just want to get to the bottom of this place.
‘What do you mean?’ Back to my usual, and unforgiving aggressive tone. It clearly shook her but she says nothing about it.
‘Imagine… a nightmare.’ She starts opening up to me. ‘But not during it, after it.’ More damn riddles.
‘Yeah.’ I spit impatiently.
‘Well, think about remembering a day or something that happened to you in just a regular day.’ My malicious old mind imagines a beating from one of the guards. My unforgiving imagination casts her in my mind’s eye as the guard. ‘And then think about remembering a nightmare?’ I don’t dream much. But I get what she’s saying.
‘Okay.’ I humor her one last time. 
‘Now swap them.’
What the Hell is she talking about? She’s just like Kolt. Doesn’t know if she is coming or going. She is just so confused. I don’t want to think what my mind demands me to think. That she is the same as he was. That will kill me. I just need to change the conversation or something. I hope so much that she just has memory loss or amnesia or something. Instinct tells me not to press her for more details about her nightmare memory. Even though I want to so much. It must be some kind of denial.
I’m just about to say something to her about the others that I have encountered on my journey around the ship but she gives me no time. She pulls me close and kisses. But more passionately than she had done before. I don’t fight it. I don’t want to. She’s playful and more cheerful. She parts with a smile and lets go of my hands.
I don’t know what drives me to ask. I guess I like her too much not to. I have to tell her the truth and see what memories it might reignite in her.
‘Don’t you remember what you used to be?’ I hated myself the second I started speaking.
‘No… I told you.’ I know she doesn’t like my tone and I know I have her on the back foot too. I’m going to tell her if she likes it or not.
‘Well you were a guard at the mine we both used to work at.’ I glare at her. Accusingly and unforgiving.
‘So we used to work together?’ I think she’s just trying to calm me down and lower the intensity of the conversation.
‘No. I was a miner.’ She still looks just as confused so that tells me she obviously doesn’t remember how the miners like me were treat by the guards like her.
‘We were like prisoners. Like slaves. And the guards like you were the ones holding the keys and the whips.’ I know she doesn’t get how serious it was. I know she has no idea.
‘I’m sorry… I’m sorry you felt like that.’ Another retraction. Hollow. Just like the lack of memories bouncing around in her mind.
‘No. It isn’t like that!’ I start to shout at her but I don’t mean to. ‘You beat us. Savagely and to within an inch of our lives at times! I saw guys get dragged off by the likes of you and never come back!’ I hadn’t noticed my raised hand and pointed finger. But she starts to cry and shiver. Maybe I had hit a nerve or a buried memory. Hopefully. Time to dig deeper. See what makes her tick.
‘And as soon as you remember what hole you fell down and what rock you hit your head on, you’re going to remember why you came here! Because I killed those guards, friends of yours no doubt, because I stole from the company and you want me to pay for it!’ I thrash my arms around and can no longer contain my rage.
‘No… I don’t want that.’ She cries and sobs in front of me. And like any guy, it made me feel like Hell. I hate he fact I have made her cry but I want it over. I don’t want to follow her through this maze of a ship to see her turn on me or worse turn into Kolt. I want it over. I care for her. I think I even love her. That’s why I shout at her. That’s why I confront her. Because I’m hurting for her.
‘And what makes it worse is a whole bunch of your buddies are aboard this ship looking everywhere for me!’ That’s it. That’s all I have. Time to let it sink in. Let the dirt settle and see what she had to say for herself. See what I might have unearthed. 
‘I…I remember. The mine. Coming after you. Being sent here to kill you. With a small squad of the tougher guards. And yeah, they were my friends. Were.’ She slowly paces back over to me. I hadn’t realized that my animated rage had taken me to virtually the opposite side of the upturned lab. She’s calm. The direct counter to my flaring nostrils and persistent rage.
‘They, the company, had us on a short leash too you know.’ Right now is as defensive as I have ever seen her. But I haven’t seen that level to the story before. I had been naïve. Childish and had not thought about it. I just saw them as the enemy. And her too. 
‘For every beating we gave to you, we got twice the same back from them.’ She’s still crying. And I’m starting to feel worse. What a jerk I had been to her. And for what?
‘I was sent here to kill you. I remember that in detail. Vivid. But everything else is hazy and I can’t grasp at anything. Just floating, meaningless memory with no order… But that’s not why I came here.’ I start pacing back to her. I wrap my arms tight around her so she can cry into my chest. I hug her tight to tell her I was sorry.
‘I came here to leave there.’ Just like I had. ‘So I separated from my group and that’s when…’ She trails off and I don’t push her for more.
‘Shhhh.’ I start stroking the back of her hair and she slowly stops crying.
‘That’s when something went wrong. I can’t see in my mind what happened. I must have fallen or hit my head. I don’t know.’ She pulls away and dries her arms with her fingers. ‘That’s when I found you. I’m sorry. I’m sorry for everything that we did at the mine. I hope you don’t hate me?’ I manage a smile and kiss her on the forehead.
‘No. Of course not.’ No point in holding a grudge after all. And it didn’t matter a whole lot any more. Those days are over and that me is dead. I’ve moved on. I’m sure of it. And it’s comforting to know that she came her to get away from her boss, the same way I came here to get away from mine.
We just stand there a while in a soft embrace. I was hard on her. I hate myself for it but I guess I’m also a little relieved that I finally got a little of the truth from her. And I also feel better knowing there is depth to her mind. Not like Kolt. He was a lost soul. I’m just glad she isn’t the same. Or at least I’m pretty sure she isn’t. And that makes me feel a little better. But none of it explains what the drowning girl had said. Or the falling man. And the burning man too. I didn’t want to burden her with it. I’d deal with it on my own. It was all in my head. It must have been.
‘Any closer to finding a way off this planet?’ I whisper in her ear. ‘Is the ship you came in serviceable?’ I can feel her shaking her head against my chest.
‘Crashed.’ Time to keep moving through the Kraken then.
Chapter 18
Second Disc
‘I think I found a way out of the sector.’ Lucy whispers to me, with her eyes still closed and her head still pressed firmly against my chest.
‘How?’
‘I only slipped in here to take a look. I pressed something and released that gas. Sorry by the way.’ I chuckle at her. Even though it had been traumatic at the time, it was okay now and I appreciate her little joke to lift our moods. 
‘It’s alright.’
‘But back out the way we came I’m sure there’s some kind of shuttle, maybe like a train I guess, to the other side of the ship.’ I lift her head off me. I don’t want to and she didn’t want to go either but we need to go.
‘Let’s go check it out then?’ She responds to my gesture and we move out of the lab. Hand in hand. 
I know there’s something wrong. I don’t consider myself very emotionally intelligent, and I never have done. But I can tell there is something the matter with her. I can feel it. In the air, through her hand, in her eyes. I don’t know what it is. I don’t want to ask either. I just have to hope that she’s going to be ok. I just have to make sure she is. She wipes a final tear away as we leave the lab behind.
‘Do you have any weapons on you?’ I ask her a bit sheepishly. I’m worried about how many of her people are hiding in the shadows around the broken shell of the ship. And I’m more than a little bit worried about what they’re capable of. But I don’t even want to think about them. And the ways that I found them.
‘Yeah.’ She reaches under her jacket and pulls out two handguns. ‘Take one.’ They are laser based weapons. Like the ones I had briefly used back at the mine to make my escape. I almost hoped they were older. I disguise my disappointment and just say thanks. I had hoped they were like Kolt’s ancient projectile antique. I don’t know why. Maybe it’s the ship. That feeling that I’m in a different time.
Lucy leads us through another parting door and out into a more open space. The largest we have been in since the engine room. It’s some kind of transport hub. At least it used to be. It looks and feels like a railway station for want of a better description. It’s the size of a large warehouse. Untouched and preserved, away from the flames and trauma that brought the ship down and killed all aboard. 
Shipping containers line the walls, stacked atop one another. They’re blue and green in color, all still locked and stowed away. There could have been anything inside of them. Shame there’s no time to look. I let my mind carry away with a nice thought that it would be awesome to come back here. Once we were rescued of course and in far greater numbers for the sake of safety, to study the place and dig up some fanciful relics of the past.
We emerge into the space via a door at the top of the room. The entrance is built like a stadium. Steps line the first wall and we follow them down into the main boarding, warehousing and distribution area. It’s nice to see some color. We had been deprived of it for far too long as we made our way through the scarred and flame dissolved ship. There’s a train of sorts waiting on the line. Lucy must be right. This must lead us through a long shaft and out into the other side of the ship. 
I’m surprised at myself. I thought I had a fairly intimate knowledge of the ship. The place is lit by a large hole in the side wall of the tunnel ahead. The light is dingy but adequate. It makes the room cold though. It’s easy to forget this thing had come aground atop a snowy mountain when we were usually unsettlingly warm inside.
‘Let’s see if we can get it working then.’ I may as well have been talking to myself. She doesn’t reply. What’s bothering her? I smile at her, even though she doesn’t hold my eyes, and make the last few steps onto the platform ahead. 
The train ran on tracks that lined the roof. It consists of two basic carriages and little more. It has a small engine bay but no pilot seat. It’s probably a fully automated system. I study it in the low level lighting from below. There’s a stairway that led to the left hand side. I dart up the hollow structure and into the first carriage. It’s like a time capsule. Totally preserved and intact. Eerie.
‘Lucy!’ No reply. ‘Come up here.’
The train, without any kind of prompt from me, lurches into life. I make a dash for the door but don’t make it. Lucy ran into me there. Before we knock heads I manage to grab her by the waist and pull her inside before the door slowly slid closed. Even the lights flicker on. The ones inside the carriage and the ones inside the tunnel too. It illuminates the place in a cold and pale ambience. Like a clinical light. I don’t let her go. 
‘I found the on switch.’ She smiles but only briefly. She let me hold her and I’m glad of it. That must mean I hadn’t upset her too much. She even slid her hands around my neck and cradled herself there. She placed her forehead against my chest bone and just sighed a few times. 
‘Come on?’ I ask her and lift her chin with just a finger. ‘What is it?’ She just shakes her head free of my grip and says nothing. I have to let it go. I can’t risk our new found relationship, whatever the Hell that is, by shouting it out of her. Besides. I still want to be a different kind of man. I need to fight the impatience building within and just let her come to me.
‘Okay.’ I whisper in her ear. I hug a little tighter for a few moments but have to let go.
I take another much slower look around the thin carriage. There’s a few posters on the wall space between the large windows. They must be inspirational and work ethic focused images. But the text is in Russian so I can’t understand it fully. No need to anyway.
‘Did you check the track for damage?’ The thought suddenly hit me. We had set off into the unknown and done no kind of safety check. This thing could fall right out of the air if the track had split during impact!
‘No… I don’t even know if there was a way to.’ She’s starting to perk up. Maybe just distracted by the further challenges I threw at her. Either way I’m glad. The instructions on whatever screen or command module she used must have been in Russian too. She had done well to get it going at all.
‘Let’s move into the forward carriage. See if we can get a better view of the track.’ I hold out my hand, she takes it, and we jog through the carriage and into the next. The train bounces under our weight. Like a swing bridge might or a smaller suspension or rope bridge would. 
The next carriage is identical. Featureless. Since there’s no pilot, and the engine is seated somewhere beneath the carriage as I had seen during my brief inspection, the front of the train is just one panoramic window. I tap it. It’s not glass. Must be some kind of plastic based but reinforced polymer of some kind. With the lights somehow working I can see a good way ahead. No bends or at least no obvious breakages in the section of track. In the distance I can even see the end of the tunnel. Right at the far end is a massive cargo door that I can only hope will open upon our approach.
‘I think we should be okay.’ Lucy is right by me. With one hand placed on the glass front of the train and leaning into me. ‘Lie down.’ I tell her and point to one of the seats behind us. It’s a long bench where she can get a little rest. She takes me by the hand instead, turns me around, and pushes me down onto the seat first. And then straddles her legs across my knee before rubbing her hands up and down my chest. It feels good to have her so close.
‘So.’ I start but struggle to carry on. ‘What is it you like about me?’ That was brave I thought. She just shrugs and smiles. 
‘You first.’ She teases me.
‘What’s not to like?’ To Hell with it. Be brave. 
‘That’s nice…’ She stops mid sentence. Probably at the sight of my face. That look of shock and terror that I can barely hide.
There’s something in here with us. In the tunnel. Creatures of some kind. 
‘What is it?’ She leaps from my knee and spins around. There really is no mistaking what they are. They’re dinosaurs of the winged variety. They must have gotten in here through the many holes in the hull. Known my luck, and known the general pace of this crappy day, we’re probably sailing right through their nest or something. 
Lucy reaches for her handgun but I have different ideas. These things, the dinosaurs, had been extinct on Earth for millions upon millions of years. I want something old. Something old to fight something older. I start rummaging through a few lockers at the side of the main carriage. She’s busy prepping her weapon and getting into some sort of fight mode. She barely even gives me a glance. An axe! Double edged too like some kind of ancient sea trident weapon. Now we’re talking. I throw that on the floor by my feet with more than just a touch of enthusiasm. But I keep looking. This is a war ship after all.
Why wouldn’t there be some kind of guns, old ones, like the one Kolt had at the beginning, lying around somewhere. I come across a handgun of sorts. It’s bulky and heavy in my grip. There’s just something about it. Something so much more real than the plastic toy ray gun Lucy had given me.
‘Here.’ I pass it back to her. She’s glaring out of the forward window. Waiting there, poised to strike and deadly focused. It’s a little sexy but I let that thought pass. More important things to do after all. She looks at me like I had just drooled all over my armor, then looked to the gun and axe that I had found with some contempt mixed with thinly disguised concern.
‘You can’t fight with those antiques.’ She cocks her head aside but keeps her boots planted in her combat stance, facing the window with one small step forward, like a boxer entering the ring.
‘Well, I am a miner.’ I smile, making light of a situation that I should be taking a lot more seriously, and throw the axe to spin in the air before catching it on the way back down.
‘Do you even know how that piece of dirt works?’ She finally abandons her stance for just a second to grab the gun I had found out of my hand. She starts messing with it. Ejected the chamber of bullets, reinserted it and pulled back on the catch. ‘At least there is a full mag.’ She concedes and gives it back to me. She held it in her hand as I tried to take it in mine.
‘That’s the safety.’ She takes my index finger and presses it against a button along the side of the but of the gun. That must have turned it off. I’m starting to wish Kolt was still here. I guess it is a bit embarrassing, even knowing what century we live in, having a girl show me how to shoot. I fight the urge to laugh when I think about what Kolt might have said about it. “Take gun, point at creature, shoot.” He would have no issue fending these ancient beasts away. She smiles nervously toward me and pushes my hand away.
‘Don’t point it any where near me.’ She chuckles and refocuses on the window ahead. The flying monsters are becoming unsettled all the more with every inch further we travel along the tracks.
I’ve nothing more to say to her as I feel my stomach sink into a pit with nerves. This could be it. We’re really up against it this time. “Come on Parker!” I think to myself and start jumping on the spot to another look of daggers from Lucy. I swing the axe around my head a couple of times to get used to the weight balance but that’s all the practice time the beasts are going to allow us. There’re at least twenty of the things fluttering around the tunnel up ahead now. I hope that’s all of them. It’s already more than enough. All it was going to take was one of them to start and to make the first move.
‘Head’s up Sam.’ Lucy shouts, even though there really is no need to, and aims her gun at the first of them to attack. She fires a couple of blasts through the window, shattering it into a million tiny pieces in the process, and floors the beast to an ear splitting shriek.
‘Nice.’ I shout to her, my axe pressed coolly against one shoulder. The wind picks up immediately and nearly throws me from what I thought was a solid stance. It rockets through the train and howls around my ears. If she took one out, I wanted the next one. I bravely move closer to the gap in the train that used to be the window, pull my handgun from its resting place against my thigh and brought it to my eye level. 
I fire. The gun blasts back against my grip and I nearly drop it. That would have been embarrassing beyond belief. The shot went far wide. I had no training for this kind of thing and had to fight two overwhelming feelings. One of total embarrassment as Lucy saw off my target with her laser weapon, and two, my frustration.
Lucy takes full advantage of the short break we had earned by shooting two of the flying menaces out of the air. She darts behind me, holsters her two weapons, and takes a firm hold of both of my elbows. She pulls my arms as high as she can manage and rests her head against my shoulder blade.
‘Look right down the barrel of the gun, the sight should be accurate but you might need to adjust depending on how the bullet flies.’ I did. ‘Make sure what you want to hit is bang in the middle of the two notches at the end of the barrel, right there where the bullet comes out.’
‘Got it.’ I line up the next monster and aim for the biggest part of it. It’s leathery furless wing.
‘Don’t pull the trigger, treat it like you would me, and just give it a gentle squeeze.’ I feel her smile against my back.
‘Not really the time, Lucy.’ I protest even though it’s nice.
‘Sorry.’ She mumbles as I fire. The bullet stays true to the sight and rockets through the thin stretch of skin of the right wing of the formidably sized monster. It can no longer keep any balance in the air and falls to the floor of the large tunnel. I hadn’t killed it, but hopefully the fall will!
‘There you go.’ She let go of my elbows and returns to her station beside me. I’m blushing and can’t stop. But to my further embarrassment, she finds it all the more funny. I’ll get her back.
We’re in the thick of it now. There’s more of them in the air and that short moment of training is no where near going to cut it for me. I hit one of three shots and even those aren’t well placed enough to bring whatever bird I had been aiming at down. Lucy is incredible. She stays calm, stays focused, and hits every target with ease. She alternates between guns as one would begin to overheat with artistic timing and precision. I wish I didn’t find it so damn appealing. It’s hard enough to hit my own damn targets without staring at her for most of the time.
It’s too late to matter. As soon as I’m out of bullets, I just hurl my gun at one of them that gets too close. It just bounces off it’s armored chest plate and the creature is just annoyed rather than deterred by it. It lands on the edge of the window and the weight of it rocks the train from side to side and slows it down a lot. It can barely fit through the window and Lucy, despite blasting it over and over, can’t bring it down. 
I charge at it and slam into it’s chest with my shoulder. It just throws me back into the carriage and tries to duck in through the windowless hole. It’s viscous beak is as long as my outstretched arm and it’s wingspan longer than me and Lucy stood head to toe together. The distance from which we had been fighting them from had masked their true size and formidability. Time for the axe.
I grip it tight with both hands and thought very briefly of the last time I had held one. When I beat my old boss down into the dirt. I tried to capture the aggression of that moment and multiply it by the frustration in my heart. Multiply it by the fact I want to save her and I can’t. That I want to save myself and I can’t. That I miss Kolt  want him back. I took the axe and let it speak for me. 
I howl without knowing and let the rage burn through me. Let the fact we were doomed control me and fulfill me. The blade of the axe crunches into the chest of the beast and blood gushes from the open wound I had created. It showers over my face and tastes like warm iron. It’s nice. Warming and nourishing.
Lucy takes to booting it over and over, trying as hard as she can to dislodge it from it’s perch on the window. The creature, pale and yellow, howls and groans as it loses more and more blood. I’m not stopping. Next shot of my axe I make for it’s lowered beak. It splinters across the carriage like a broken tree trunk.
‘It’s claws!’ Lucy shouts through powerful breaths and between aggressive kicks. I raise the axe up as high as I can and slam it down onto the clenched talons that held the ancient bird onto it’s housing in the carriage. That does it. It lets go and plummets with further ear splitting howls.
I quickly count five more swirling and gliding around the tunnel. We’re getting really close to the blast door ahead, that would hopefully open automatically and allow us entry into the next section of the ship. That makes the fighting seem more intense. An added sense of urgency spurs us on to keep hitting out at them.
Make that four. Lucy, once her laser weapons had cooled, blasts another out of the sky. I trust her to cover me and keep herself safe at the same time. So I drop my axe and fall to the floor. I brush shards of glass out of the way as I search frantically for the engine bay beneath the carriages. There has to be something in there. Something combustible. I cut my hands really badly but don’t care. I’m pumped with adrenaline and just need to get the job done. I’ll worry about it later. 
I finally brush enough of the glass away to find the blood soaked carpet. I use the tip of the axe to make a long incision in the thin material and start ripping at the edges of it. I pull the carpet right up and fold in aside. There’s a hatch right beneath me but it’s bolted securely down. I try the axe but there’s not enough of a gap to prize it open.
‘Lucy!’ I yell instinctively. She catches on fast and I turn away just a little. I trust her perfect aim. She fires a single shot into the corner of the square shaped hatch and that succeeded in frying the bolt in that area. That would be enough to get it open. She turns back around and continues her barrage of fire at the encircling monsters without even saying a word to me. It’s really easy to be impressed by her.
I take the axe one more time and make a quick count. Lucy has shot down at least another two. That will leave at least two more unless more have gotten in. The axe makes contact with the underside of the hatch and I pull with every tiny bit of strength that I have left. It finally dislodges with a heavy scrape and I use my free hand to pull it open completely.
‘Good luck!’ Lucy shouts but still doesn’t turn around. She must have highly attuned senses and must have figured out what I was trying to do. I’m not sure where the thought is coming from or why it’s so persistent, I just know somewhere deep down that those blast doors just weren’t going to open!
The engine bay is small and cramped with no space to work. I know the thing is likely electrical but that would have been powered by the first generation hyper drive, or at least a second generator attached to it somehow. But it’s still working right now, despite the fact the hyper drive had died hundreds of years ago. I saw the shell of it myself. I know the ship is robust and hearty but this is really taking the biscuit quite frankly. The flooded hall happened because an old system had only just now finally died. Something is keeping this train moving and my money is on a secondary diesel engine. 
And there it is. Chugging away at the front of the engine bay. I can hear it’s deep and tantalizing rumble and smell the fumes coming from it. There it is again. The old world, the dependable old world, meeting head on with the new. And this ship is a model to it as always.
I’m crouched down as low as I can get just to fit in the tiny crawlspace. Beneath me is another hatch but this one is bigger and screws open easily. That would lead down into the tunnel so no need to open it. I turn around on the spot to be met head on with a selection of two barrels. Big old looking oil drums. I guess that must be the heavy oil that is keeping this ancient engine pumping. And I know that it burns.
‘How’s it going up there?’ I yell to Lucy and pop my head back out of the hatch. The smell hits me right away. It was the burning and charred metal from the housing she had blasted away. 
‘I count two more.’ She must have had a brief break in their offensive because she tuned to face me for the first time in a while. That must mean she knows it’s safe to do so. 
‘Help me with these?’ I ask her and she comes running. I heave the first barrel with all my strength, restricted as it is in the tight and narrow, fume filled space. She holsters her weapons and lays flat on her chest against the floor. She helps me all she can and we finally lever the first rounded barrel out of the narrow hatch. But she has taken too long. Her scream fills me with dread and instant pain.
‘Lucy!’ I shout as she is slowly dragged away by another of the flying dinosaurs that had found it’s way into the carriage. I can only just see that it has her by the leg. Her boot is protecting her but it had still broken the skin. She’s bleeding and is tearing up in front of me. I fight the reaction to grab for her flailing hands and try to pull her back to me. I know that won’t work. 
There’s no chance I can out arm wrestle a dinosaur of that size and strength. I leap from the hatch, grab for my axe and push my way past the beast’s huge wings and to it’s beak. I stretch up tall, and slam down into it with all the force of my body weight. It splinters into two and cracks right down the centre. It frees Lucy and she darts away like a scared child. That’s not like her one bit. She tucks her legs into her arms and weeps uncontrollably.
‘Hey! Snap out of it!’ That’s cruel but I swear it needs to be. Not that it worked. She didn’t even look back up. I’m worried about her a lot but I need to take the reins. Maybe I can save her after all. I swing the axe one last time and strike the monster at it’s eyes. More shrieks, howls and blood fills the air. The copious red blood spews from it’s wounds as a mist first then a river later. I dart back to the barrel full of volatile diesel and tip it over. I didn’t mean to spill it but it doesn’t matter. I can see, through all of the chaos and death, that blast door is getting closer and showing no sign at all of moving even a little.
I heave at the barrel and roll it to the stumbling dinosaur in front of me. It’s heavy and I can only hope it will be heavy enough to dislodge it’s talons from the window frame.
‘Lucy!’ I scream at her even louder than before. ‘Gun! Now!’ She just about wakes from her panic and tosses one of them to me. Time for one hell of a stunt. I fire at the barrel as it rolls closer and closer to the beast ahead. The flames start rippling and licking at the barrel at first but it blows right at the correct time. It rips through the monster, tears it apart and rocks the chamber of the train from side to side. But it starts burning back towards us, alighting the pieces I had carelessly spilled on the way!
‘What are you doing?’ Lucy finally stands and jogs over to me. I point at the ever encroaching door ahead of us in the tunnel. I don’t need to add anything else. I dart, instead, back to the hatch in the floor and start pulling at the next barrel. There’s at least one more of those beasts out there and the same trick was never going to work again.
‘Help me!’ I scream at her, throwing my axe back on the floor as the final flying beast slams against the carriage and perches as the others had in the window. Lucy doesn’t hesitate this time. She starts pulling at the barrel and we manage to ease it out of the gap. She looks at me like I’m mad when I start unscrewing the cap on the head of the barrel.
‘Are you insane? You’ll blow us all to hell!’ She screams right in my ear over the noise of the stumbling dinosaur that scratches ever closer to us.
‘No! We’re jumping!’ I point down to the hatch in the floor of the engine bay below. She almost protested but didn’t. It’s nice that she trusts me too. Nice, so I thought, but also a burden if I have to be honest. She, without having to be told, starts unscrewing the bolts and finally releases the hatch from the open housing. She must have dropped it down because I hear a clash a few moments later. I’m too busy smothering the carriage in diesel. It catches fire quickly alongside the flames I had already caused and I finally lose my new found nerve. Time to get out. Right now!
Lucy waited for me in the engine bay. I remember my axe. I take it from the floor and toss it through the open shaft and down into the tunnel below. That might come in handy any number of times and in any number of different ways. I duck down into the hatch and lower myself down the newly opened access point and out into the cold of the tunnel. It isn’t that far to the ground. At least so it looked from where I was. I grip the side of the hatch as tightly as possible and look up to Lucy’s desperate face.
‘Climb down me!’ I keep flexing my fingers to keep the blood pumping as she starts lowering herself over me. Lucy drops down and grips the other side of the hatch before turning and taking hold of my shoulders. I had her full weight resting on me with her legs wrapped around mine. She starts snaking her way down, gripping onto whatever loose bit of my armor she can get a hold of. Finally she is hanging right off my feet. I dare to glance ahead. We only have moments before the crash!
‘Jump!’ I yell and she lets go. I wait only a moment to let her get clear and let go too.
The impact shivers through my spine the second my legs touch the floor. I instinctively roll but accidentally hurl myself into Lucy. She looks okay but I throw my arms over her and pull her into a small groove at the bottom of the tunnel. It’s hollowed out in the base of the tunnel and will protect us if the train falls from it’s tracks. I tuck her head under my shoulders and make sure my entire body covers hers.
The explosion tears through the blast door. The sound is like nothing I have ever heard before. The metal tears like paper and the door screeches open as the train, as predicted, falls down into the tunnel. The gap we had crawled into shields us from the blow but not from the heat of the fire. Then silence. Nothing but the ringing in my ears. We made it. No sense sticking around though. I didn’t want to barely survive the dinosaurs, the explosion too, only to die in the resulting fire.
Chapter 19
Rest
I let Lucy crawl out first. I pretend that it’s because I’m a gentleman. But it’s not. It’s because my back is nearly snapped in half. The pain is burning all around me. Bouncing from the tip of my toes and all the way up to the front of my skull and back again. I suck it up yet again and crawl out after her. By the time I make it from out underneath the train, she is already out of the crawlspace and holding out her hands to help me up. I take them with my breath held. She pulls so hard my back cracks really loudly. Even she hears it.
‘Are you okay?’ She asks and holds me once I’m up and out of the gap. She speaks softly in the new found silence. Just like before. It melts my heart right away and I slump over her shoulder. 
‘Your back again?’ She starts to rub her hands around the base of my spine. I tell her it’s helping but I lied.
I really don’t want to but I pull away. I have to walk it off. She doesn’t look offended so I don’t say anything. I just run my hand down her arm and all the way until we touch finger tips as I walk away. The agony burns through my legs with every step but I swear I’m not going down. How many times am I going to fall like this? It’s just plain unlucky. Or so I tell myself. 
The tunnel is still reasonably well lit. The lights behind us are still intact but the exploding train wiped out all of the ones nearer to the door. At least the door was wiped out too though so we have a way out of the tunnel without having to backtrack. I can’t see any cracks in the hull of the ship though. And I can’t see any more of the flying dinosaurs either. I think we might be safe. And I have an idea on how to lift our spirits and generally make the two of us feel a little better.
I can see the tip of my axe glistening in the flames ahead. I suck up the pain yet again and bend down to retrieve it. It’s warm to the touch but the wooden handle hasn’t been burned or scarred either.
‘Come on, I’ve got an idea.’ I turn to see Lucy weeping into her hands again. She tries to hide it behind a yawn and a stretch but it’s as transparent as glass. She steadies herself and wanders over, kicking some of the rubble aside as she does. She takes me by the hand and nestles her head into my shoulder. She closes her eyes for just a second too.
‘What are you thinking? Climb through the torn door and see what we can find?’ I stroke her copper hair a second and drag her around me to face me. 
‘Are you hungry?’ She just looks dazed and confused by my stupid question. She doesn’t answer but she has to be. I know I am. Very. I haven’t eaten since Kolt captured that snake out in the desert. But that must have been days ago. There really was no way of telling time here. We were inside, then outside, then back in again and constantly dealing with problems and blood curdling issues that it just didn’t matter what time it was. 
But I would like to know. It would be nice to figure out how long we had been here. I pull her with me and make my way slowly back to the fallen train. The fire, though intense, had burned fast and had died out into embers just as quickly.
The train carriage had rolled onto it’s side but it wasn’t too far off centre to be uncomfortable. I enter through the smashed window and quickly check that the way is clear. It had been lit in a clean surgical light when we first stepped into it. Now it’s choked with smoke and flame scarred. The carpets are on fire still and the last of the birds is laid dead in one corner. I nudge it’s carcass first with my boot and then again with my axe a few times. No sound or movements means that it must be dead. Good. My plan might just work out after all.
There’s enough of the diesel left to feed the fire a while and the various parts of the train that were flammable would feed it a while longer still. That’s pretty much just the carpets really. But I can tear up the cushion and felt pads that line the benches too. That will keep us warm for even longer still. Lucy finally joins me and takes a seat. It’s a bit skew whiff to one side but she manages to get comfortable by laying down across it. I take to the task of dismantling the place and feed it to the fire in the centre of the carriage. Lucy must think I have lost it.
But she actually asks me if that’s true when I take my axe and start brutally hacking at the torso of the meaty and muscular frame of the overgrown bird. I succeed in hacking off two massive cuts of tender and bloodied meat. They, even uncooked, look like two of the nicest steaks you could ask for. I slop them on the dirty floor. I don’t care if they kill me. I’m eating them either way. I take my axe to the leathery wing. The skin splits with relative ease and I fashion two wraps, one for each of the two steaks.
I place the axe down and wrap the tender looking meat around the thick skin. Perfect to cook them in. Lucy has propped herself up and has begun to smile a little. She must have caught on. Her expression is a curious mix between admiration, love and utter bewilderment. It just spurs me on frankly. My axe is double sided. I place one steak on one side of the blade and the other next to it on the other side of the tip. I then prop the axe into the fire using whatever shard of metal would hold it best in place. I wedge it in good and immediately hear the skin start to crackle and burn. They won’t take too long but best to cook them through. Lucy’s smile has evolved from a gentle, thin and admiring smile and into an easy chuckle. One filled with pride in me.
‘You complete caveman.’ She laughs as I sit down beside her. I nudge her playfully.
‘I guarantee that will be the best tasting meal you have ever had.’ I laugh with her and point to the now sizzling steaks. I’m really looking forward to mine. It must have been literally years since I had anything even like it. Maybe even back on the farm with my Dad come to think of it. It even conjures a tear for me to think about it. Not that I show it. Sadly our laughter and light mood dies off after a few minutes. It was nice to lift our spirits just for a moment but the reality of our situation eventually invaded what would have otherwise been a really nice moment for a fledgling couple to enjoy.
I don’t know why I thought that. A couple. Maybe I was getting ahead of myself and ahead of her too. But that was how it felt and it made me feel better to just think it so I just went with it. Not that I would ever tell her. I’m not that brave. And I can’t persuade the new me to be that brave either.
No matter. We just sit in silence and try to enjoy the flames and the warmth they create. It’s peaceful but the atmosphere of the place would not give it away. It remains tense. With more than one undercurrent flowing around the room. There is something I need to ask her and I can tell it’s distracting me. But I’m going to be the jerk who spoils our meal. I’ll just ask her after a while.
The steaks are cooking really well now. The room is filling slowly with curious mixes of black and white clouds of smoke and the gentle rasping of the sizzling meat. It smells exceptional. It’s making my mouth water. I wait as long as I can as Lucy naps contently by my side. 
I need to know why she freaked and lost it when one of those flying monsters started dragging at her legs. That really was out of character for her and it was making me sick thinking about it. I know everyone has a fear. An off switch. Something irrational that makes them terrified beyond reason. Maybe that was hers. But it just didn’t add up. And no way was she going to open up to it. Even when I did start prying for it, I doubt she will tell me. I nudge her awake.
‘I think these are good to eat. You want to join me.’ She rubs her eyes but smiles contently. She looks shaken again and I wonder what she might have been dreaming of. I thought back but only briefly to what she had said about her latest nightmare and it unsettles me.
‘You okay?’ I clarify but she only nods her head. I take the handle of the axe and bring the nicely cooked sizzling dino-steaks out of the slowly dying fire. Shame we have nothing to eat them off of or even with. I guess we will just have to wait for them to cool and go at them like animals. I’m fine with that but I think Lucy might just be humoring me. She doesn’t look like she has any appetite. Something is really troubling her. I need to know what so I can try to fix it.
‘Listen…’ I start as I unwrapped the meat from the skin blankets I had hastily but rather  resourcefully crafted. ‘Even if you don’t feel like eating, I think you should. No idea where the next one will come from…’ I smile to her and rub the top of her shoulder with a gentle caressing palm. 
‘They look amazing.’ She smiles, forces herself to perk up with a deep breath, and takes one of the steaks off the axe without worrying about the mess or the heat at all. I must have given my surprise at that away in my face.
‘What?’ She protests and takes a hearty mouthful. Trying to stop smiling at the same time.
‘I knew I liked you.’
We say little more and tuck into the only meals either of us had enjoyed for what feels like a lifetime. The meat is cooked perfectly to my taste. Moist, greasy and tender. But well enough so that it falls apart with each rotation of the jaw. Only the odd big fat vein spoils my enjoyment of it and I think I might have made a right pig of myself by finishing it in no time. But when I look up, Lucy has pretty much destroyed her’s too. And I’ve no idea why I found that so attractive. The perfect girl. Or so I happily thought. Distracted at last from the horror around us. 
She finishes and just laughs when she realizes how much of a mess she was in. She just rubs the grease from her lips away with her jacket sleeve and then cleaned her hands across her thighs. I do the same. No time at all for manners. I doubt I would even be able to remember any after so long in that mine. We were animals at the end of the day. And treated like ones too.
‘Why did it upset you so much.’ Time for me to be that jerk. The guy I didn’t want to be to get the answers I need and want.
‘It doesn’t matter.’ She smiles at me, her legs tucked up against her chest where we sat upon the floor, and her head resting ajar against her knees.
‘Are you sure?’ That isn’t what I wanted to say. I wanted to say “no chance” or something more offensive and cruel but I hold it back.
‘Yeah.’ She sighs. ‘I think I know what this place is. I think I know what’s going on here.’ My heart sinks. Not because she is talking in riddles. Because I know exactly what she meant. I’m starting to figure it out too. I just didn’t want to know. It’s another truth I’m happy to hide from. Another realization that I was all too happy to forget and run away from. I think I knew from the start.
‘Don’t say that.’ I nervously run my hands through my long greasy hair and sigh to fight back a tear. Not like me at all. This girl really does have me off balance.
But I was starting to get it. I was starting to figure it out too. For all the conflict in my mind and for all the times I fought with the obvious truth it was hiding from me, the answers were starting to ebb through. The burning man who thought I was God. The drowning woman who didn’t want to be saved. Then there was Kolt. Kolt who had been dead all these years and never able to move on. I didn’t believe in ghosts before I came here. 
That was the old me though. What choice did I have now though? When confronted with them in so vivid detail. This word was unlike our own. And a small theory was starting to warp it’s way around my tired mind. Kolt died in a fire. When he saw his ship again he burst into flames. The burning man aboard the ship died in a fire that would not consume him entirely. A fire that would not die. The drowning woman who wanted to drown again and again. People who died here constantly relived that death in the life beyond it. That death relived itself over and over again and hung there. In this world, unlike to my knowledge of Earth or any other, death was not the end. And the afterlife was a torturous remake of that same death. 
I hope it’s wrong. I hope I’m wrong. I hate myself for even thinking it and I hope it’s just a figment of my imagination. I want to ask Lucy what she thinks but I daren’t. Because I already know the answer.
‘Listen.’ She began rubbing my arm gently. ‘Let’s stay here a while and sleep.’ She hit the nail right on the head. We’re both tired. Maybe after some sleep the world might not seem such a bleak place. Maybe I could start to think right again. She pulls me to lay beside her and she cuddles into me and shuts her eyes. I’m not getting to sleep. But every muscle in my body is aching so hard that I know I need to rest. Even if it meant just staying here, holding onto her, for a few hours to recharge. 
Chapter 20
The Crash
‘Hyper drive failure.’ The automated voice bellowed out around the rig. I had fallen asleep in the captain’s chair and hadn’t been paying attention. My dreams had been unsettled and vivid. Those men I shot on the stairs. My boss’ face as I slammed the butt of the exe down into his skull over and over again. It haunted me and tortured me. But what hurt more was that I was proud and glad too. I was happy I did it. There was no going back, that was for certain, and there was no way either to take back what I had done. But I didn’t want to take it back. 
I was glad. They drove me to it. I had to keep thinking that. I had to keep that truth alive even though it was over now. I had to keep remembering what broke me and why I ran away and stole this rig in the first place. But that didn’t stop the nagging voice. The programmed voice that told me I should have stayed where I was. That I should have put up with it. Should have just kept bowing down to the devil I knew. And not come here on this God-forsaken mission into the depths of space.
‘What!’ I shout at the console in front of me as the warning bellowed out again and again. I start banging my fists against the screen over and over. In frustration. In guilt. In the solemn and sad realization that I had no idea how to fix it. The shutters came down over the windows just as I realized we had reached the far away planet I had been aiming for. I can see the desert on the surface of the world below as the last of the shutter sections closed against the window. The machine is going into crisis mode and I have no idea what is going to happen to me. I’m just a miner. Just a thick headed miner. I have no idea how to land it. Or what to do in an emergency.
‘Come on! Think!’ I scream to myself and stand up just as the lights fail. The warning beacons start erupting and blaring alarms sound from every corner of the miserable pod that was the command deck of the retro fitted rig. I have to think fast. I’m sinking into the surface of the planet and I’m going to hit the surface hard and fast. I have to think about my training. What little precious training those jerks had given us way back at the start of my sad episode of life that was my employment there.
These things have jet engines. They were supposed to work in conjunction with the hyper drive to throw the rig into full reverse upon landing. They wouldn’t do the job on their own but they might slow the machine down enough to stop it killing me flat on impact. I rush over to the console in the centre of the small command room and start flicking through the on screen commands. Most of them were utter jargon and may as well have been written in Japanese. But I know what the pictures represent and I know what a jet engine looks like. At least in it’s most basic form.
I have to hold on tight as the ship enters the upper atmosphere and the force of gravity starts to take over. The feeling of speed and inertia is dizzying and upsetting but I hold on. I have to. I want to pass out. I want to let go and just call it a day but something drives me on. Something keeps my hands gripped onto that console for dear life.
Now I can feel it falling. In space it was hung. In the absence of air and gravity and all other forces that normally act upon anything on a world and it’s surface. There it hung in a feeling of odd peace and serenity. But that is shattered as the machine sped further and further to what is likely to be my grave.
I keep cycling through the options on that screen as my stomach churns this way and that as the craft I was attempting to fly gathered more and more speed. There! I’m certain it’s picture of a jet. In it’s most basic form but that it is. I only have enough energy to slap the screen and hope my finger tips hit something as the gravity and speed throw me asunder. It must have worked.
The engine roared into life with an ear splitting blast and the power of it throws me from one side of the room to the other. I slam my arm against one of the terminals on the wall and fell in a heap to the floor. I preyed that it was enough. The overwhelming feeling of fear had blinded me into submission and now I’m out of ideas. There’s nothing else I can think of doing. I have exhausted my options and done the best that I could. Now I just have to lay here and hope.
I feel the rig slow but only a little. The sand would be soft enough to absorb the brunt of the impact. That’s what I comfort myself with as I pathetically sob into my arm. There must be something else! There has to be more I can do.
The hyper drive! If I can just kick that back in then just a small blast of the reverse thrust will save me outright. It will be enough to balance out the dizzying effect of the fall and slam the ship into the surface of the planet at just the right time and speed to stop it from killing me. It’s a long shot but it’s worth it.
I pull my bruised and battered body off the floor and stagger back to the machine in the centre of the floor. I start cycling once more through the screens on the display. I wish I knew how much time I have. I wish I could get the screen up off the windows up front and see the world spiral ever closer but I have no idea how to do it and have more important things to do. 
There’s nothing. No screen that I can find in my deadly spiral that looks familiar. I cry out in frustration just as the jet engines fail on me too. The rig suddenly speeds up once more and the alarms intensify yet again. I’m breathing hard and on the verge of hyperventilating. Nothing I can do. Just wait for the impact.
I can hear and feel the bottom sections of the rig crumple first. The explosions rocket around me and throw me against every wall in the room. But it’s not over. The rig breaks apart so fast and so intensely that I have no time to think. About how it will feel to die. The rig finally falls and I black out immediately as the floor below me snaps and buckles. It throws me one last time to the floor and there is nothing but black after that.
I can’t open my eyes for a long time. And I shouldn’t have been able to either. Because I should have been dead. 
Chapter 21
One More Fall
It came to me in that nightmare. I should have known from the start. I guess I’d just forgotten. The escape pods on this kind of craft were built around the uncertainty that launched it. The last relic to a cold war. The last statement in a war of words fought over the proliferation of who had the biggest and most powerful bombs. The uncertainty of a new technology married to a dying one. With the trust placed in the old and not the new. The reliable old. 
The escape pods were wired to return to the motherland. To Russia. And they were powered by another curious mixture of technologies. A more basic and slower hyper dive along with gallons upon gallons of rocket fuel. That was how we could get out of here. The escape pods on this ship had to be just that. There was no rescue when this thing first launched. It was among the first of it’s kind. The first deep space craft from which there was little return. There would have been no rescue. If escapees needed to get to safety then they had to get all the way to safety. I had to get her there.
‘Did you sleep okay?’ Lucy asks me softly when I finally manage to open my eyes. I don’t want to talk about it. That was a crazy nightmare. It was horrible. Not often do I dream and even less so are they so vivid. It had me a little shaken. Shake it off. I thought. Got to keep moving. No need thinking about silly dreams like that. The answer had just come to me on how to get the hell out of here. I needed to take that ticket and not get upset about a nightmare.
‘I didn’t get much.’ I lie like usual. ‘How about you? Dream about anything?’
‘Just about you.’ Wow. That made a change. Instead of sending the usual shiver down my spine whenever she said anything. It warmed me. Made me feel useful and wanted for a change. I needed to focus on that and carry that wave of energy to the end of this living nightmare.
‘What about me?’ I smile. Openly for the first time in a while and not a forced one either.
‘Just that you make it. That you figure it out and get out of here.’ Her own smile and openly playful demeanor suddenly changes but I miss it. The conversation moves on and I don’t have time to think anything more of it. I just want to stay positive and ride the energy she had given me in those simple few words.
‘Well.’ I smile more broadly still. ‘Funny you should say. I remembered where the escape pods are.’
‘You remembered?’ She spits at me almost sarcastically and openly derogatorily. 
‘Yeah.’ I recoil. ‘I guess it just came to me in my sleep.’ I explain but it was almost an excuse. It sounded like one anyway. She just rolls her eyes at me. Like a dumb kid or something. I wish I hated her for it. But I must be so smitten with her I just liked her more for it. 
‘Hey, I haven’t seen one of  these before and it’s been a long time since I had the time to drool over it’s blueprints like I did when I was a kid.’ 
‘We’ve been trawling through this ship on our last legs for days and you suddenly “remember” where the escape pods are!’ 
‘I didn’t say that.’
‘What!’ She grew a bit aggressive but I like it. I don’t see her as a guard anymore. I see her as a friend or something more I guess. I don’t find her attitude threatening at long last. I found it all… cute.
‘I never said I knew where they were.’ I’m poking fun at her and I like it even more as she bites. ‘I said I remember it has them. Not that I know where they are.’ At last I break her. She just punches me as hard as she can in the shoulder and starts smiling. I guess that steak has lifted our moods. The sleep will have helped too. 
I stand up and stretch as tall as I can. My back has recuperated a little during the night, or whenever it was that we slept, but still aches. My armor flexes and bows under my moves and I wish I could take it off at long last but no such luck just yet. Time to get going. The fire that I cooked on last night, if it even was night, has died out completely and I really have no way to know how much time has gone since we fell asleep. I pull myself out of the carriage and out into the now cold tunnel.
There must have been an intense snow flurry during the time we had been asleep. There had been more than one hole in the hull along the rafters of the tunnel. Through those gaps newly fallen snow had trickled in and blanketed the place in thin and slippery layer. I make sure to watch my step but gradually slip out of the gap in the carriage I had blown up myself. At least there were no more monsters. And at least the lights were still working. Thin streams of light ebbed in through the roof too. It was nice to see a bit of natural light too. I must have caused most of those holes myself. The explosion might have been a fair bit bigger than I had planned on or realized in the immediate aftermath. The tracks up above had buckled and broken too. To be expected.
Lucy follows. Her hair is a mess but I like that too. I just chuckle at her and she knows immediately what I’m getting at. She frantically pulls at it and tries to flatten it down a touch but it does little good.
‘Relax.’ I urge her and take her hand to help her unnecessarily over the lip of the window frame. ‘It looks nice.’
‘Oh great! A guy who likes the way I look in the morning.’ She makes light of it and stops trying to flatten it out.
The blast door up ahead had been ripped right down the middle. Just like I planned. I let go of her, she’s fine on her own after all, and make my way over the rubble towards it. I climb slowly and carefully. Still not quite awake and no matter how long I had been asleep for, it wouldn’t have been enough to recover from all of the things I’ve been through.
I don’t want to slip over in the thin but slick layer of gradually melting snow and make myself look a bigger idiot than I already had. I think back to what Lucy had said about her dream. And also to what a mess I had made of the place. I like the feeling it gives me. That I had clawed some of it back. Some of that battered and bruised ego that had taken one too many hits over the days I had spent on this horrid planet. 
It’s nice to know that when things get really heated I can hold my own and even protect another. I can’t help it from wandering. My thought chain turns to Kolt. And I think he might even have been proud of me. I was changing here. I was coming out of my skin or becoming a new man. Either one. I don’t care. I like it.
The metal that once lined the roof litters the way I need to go. It’s warped and twisted by the fire I had caused. But cold now to the touch. I make my way precariously through the mire of twisted girders and over to the door. Good thing Kolt had taught me how to climb. Or I’d have no chance of getting up and over the door.
The tear in it was half way up. It was going to be a difficult climb of a slippery and slick surface to reach the opening my explosion had caused. But I think I can do it. I wait a while for Lucy to catch up. She looks, and sounds, a little groggy today. So I give her space and time to wake up.
‘Maybe we can use some of this metal to build a staircase of some kind.’ She must have seen it from a distance and had started thinking of possible solutions to the problem at hand. I have other ideas.
‘Nah.’ I reach up to a small crack in the metal and test my grip on it. ‘I can climb this. So can you.’ The heat of the flame must have warped the steel into a nice rounded hold and there were more like it to use as hand and feet holds in order to scale it. It probably looked further than it was. Shrapnel from flying pieces of steel, bits of track and dinosaur parts, must have slammed into the sheet metal of the door and made tiny incisions and dents into it. We can use them to hold onto.
I feel strong. She makes me feel strong. So I keep hold of that first hold without breaking for rest and move onto the next, and the next and the one after that too. 
There are splits in the metal too. Designed ones. Around access ports and maintenance docks. They will make the climb easier and help me to trust my decisions. Lucy is climbing behind me. Not as enthusiastically as me but climbing nonetheless. I’m within reaching distance of the first part of the rip in the steel but not quite able to get hold of it at full stretch. 
No choice. I bravely jump and grab hold of the frayed metal. I felt it cut into my skin, even through the glove I had put back on, but I held on anyway. I pull hard and swung my feet up to another small hold where I could lever my whole body weight in. The door is thick. And the explosion had torn right through it. But it’s wide enough for me to stand in and not feel worried about slipping down either side, into either half of the tunnel.
I need to help Lucy make that last move. She’s probably stronger than me but I don’t think she is as tall. So the jump will be more daunting for her. I lay down in the crack and lower my hands down. As soon as she is close enough I tell her to jump. She doesn’t even hesitate. She must be able to trust me that much. That feels nice too. Her hands clasp into mine and I grip for my life and hers too. I pull hard and she does the same. She runs her boots up the wall and I unceremoniously grab at her belt and tug at it to pull her up beside me.
‘Thanks.’ She says but blushes. I know why. But say nothing. She shifted her pants back to normal and held onto me tight in the small space we found ourselves propped inside of. It was a tight squeeze and not too comfortable either. The metal shards that had been ripped asunder by the explosion dug into our backs. I slowly ease myself toward the open space behind me. Towards the other side of the tunnel. That’s the way we need to go and hopefully where we might find the escape pods. 
I slip. Lucy isn’t fast enough to catch me, and I push instinctively back against her to make sure she stayed on her feet and safe.
I fall. So fast I don’t have time to think about it. So quickly that I don’t have time to try and save myself or even find the best landing spot. I hit the bottom of the dark hall and blacked out with the searing pain immediately. I hit the floor right on my back. Right where it hurt the most.
‘Sam! Sam!’ I awoke slowly and not so softly to the sound of my own name yelled again and again. It doesn’t take me long to recognize the voice as Lucy’s. I thought it had killed me. It feels like it had back on the rig when I first came to after the crash. It feels like it had in my dream too. Like I was dead. I can’t explain the relief that surges through me as I slowly open my eyes. It could have killed me. It should have too. So many times I had escaped a gruesome fate on this world. What was one more?
Her voice is distant. It sounds distant, as you would expect any voice would when you awake from the wrong side of consciousness, but as I slowly open my eyes I can see that she hasn’t made the climb down yet. I mustn’t have been out for long. I want to call to her. Let her know I’m okay. Even though that’s a stretch of the truth in itself. But I can’t. It feels like my jaw is welded shut and I daren’t even draw in a deep breath for the sake of the ever present pain in my spine. Any small jolt might paralyze me. I’m lucky to have avoided it so far.
‘Hold on, I’m coming!’ I wish I could shout to her to be careful. I don’t want her to fall too. I was careless. Proud and pent up on my brief track record of success. I wasn’t paying attention. I messed up and now I’m paying for it. I can’t see her climb. It’s too dark and my eyes are too strained. I can hear the odd clunk and each one makes my heart flutter. I hope she is okay. And it frustrates me out of my mind that it’s all I can do. 
At least I can still feel my heartbeat. At least I can feel something. I wish I could move my toes or my legs or something but I can’t. I’m trying so hard to focus but I can’t. It fills me with dread and fear. My throat closes up and I can feel my tongue swell. My heart races and I can’t stop sweating. Is this is? Is this how it ends? All I can do is blindly trust in blind faith that it will pass. That I just haven’t recovered from the shock of the fall yet. The feeling will come back. It has to. It just has to.
Before I even have time to process everything, I feel Lucy jump down from her last step of the climb and run over. I can feel it. The tremors through the floor when she jumped. That has to be good. She rushes to my side all a flutter and places two desperate open palms across my chest. And I can feel that too. Another lucky escape. Or is something else happening here?
‘Are… are you still alive?’ She sobs over me in floods of tears. But what a question. I have no idea. I really don’t.
‘My legs.’ I manage only two basic syllables. I want her to touch them. To run her hands over them so I can see if I have any sensation in them. Even though I can’t articulate it, she senses it anyway and does what I want.
It’s hard through my armor to feel anything at all, let alone her soft and gentle hands. And it’s all to easy to think I can feel something but I really can’t. It’s too easy for our minds to play tricks on us like that. Kolt thought he was alive when he wasn’t. Let that be a true representation of how much power the mind has over our matter. Dead or alive. To convince itself that it can feel, that it still exists but exists no longer. But despite all of that, or maybe even in advocacy of it, I am certain that I can feel her caress my aching legs. And I can feel her teardrops slash gently against my hands.
I don’t need her to be weak right now. I need her to be the strong girl I met out on that snowfield. I can’t move. No way can I stand. I like that she cries for me. I like that she cares about me enough to. But I need her to be the hard as nails guard I used to know. Or at least that I thought I knew.
‘Come on!’ Again she reads my thoughts and dries her eyes. I know how strong she is. I know she can carry me but I still have something left. I still have an insurmountable power of will. And I swear that even if it bleeds me dry I’m going to use it. 
I push her arms aside and roll onto my side. It hurts. Like a blistering heat mixed with an icy cold thrashing through my mortal frame. But I do it anyway. I growl against her advances and she backs away. And I stand up despite everything. Despite the crushing weight of defeat and death, in defiance of all of it, I stand on my own. Tears roll freely down my cheeks as I dig deeper and deeper to a power source I didn’t know that I had. And I’m proud. But it doesn’t last. It couldn’t have.
I reach out to her side and fall limp onto her. She dutifully catches me and takes most of my weight. It’s a welcome respite. But I know what I have to do now. I know what’s happening here. I know I’m part of it. But there is still one thing that I have to do and there is nothing that is going to stop me.
‘Let’s get you out of here.’ I say, with both of my heavy arms wrapped around her sweaty neck.
‘I was just gonna say that to you.’ She sobbed but responded immediately.
Chapter 22
One Last Mission
We slowly slip our way through the dark tunnel, with most of my weight pressed against her’s. My back is in agony. We can’t see more than a foot in front of us. But we pick our way carefully through the untouched industrial setting towards an unknown destination. This side of the tunnel has escaped most of the damage that I caused by blowing apart the other side. That’s good. It means the going isn’t as rough as I was expecting. 
My weight is still pressed against Lucy’s chest. It feels nice. Why am I such a sissy? Why do I need someone to take care of me like this?
There I go again. Always was my own worst critic. Why do I need to be so hard on myself all of the time? I did okay! I had a good run. An argument rages inside of my head between the two opposing points of view as we slip and slide our way, me on barely useful legs, limp and useless, to the other disc of the ship. 
I did okay. That’s what I need to remember. I came here prepared to die. I had a good run. I stole the rig. I showed those guys they can’t bully people and get away with it. That no matter what happens, if you oppress a people, any people, for long enough they will rise against you to fight you. Even though I won’t ever get to see my Dad again, I think he would be proud that I was that guy. Not the one who just kept bending over and took it over and over again. 
I was the guy. I embellish myself with the floating fantasy that back at the mine there would be an uprising going on right now. I hope that it’s true. I can believe it. I think it might be true. Lucy came here to get away from them too. That meant there had to be more like us.
So I don’t know why I am so hard on myself. But I guess, for want of a better or more complete explanation, it must be in my nature. And there really is no point in changing that now. Even though I’ve tried to be different since Kolt left me. Even though I’ve had to evolve because of what’s happening on this planet, for her, there is no point anymore in digging up the power cables that keep me ticking. 
This is as good a note as any to go out on. I think silently to myself in such a way that I expect death. 
Lucy stops suddenly. I had floated off into my own world. I had forgotten how much of a strain I must be putting her under. I had forgotten to even try to move my legs. She must have dragged me all by herself for quite some time. That was selfish of me. I’ll try harder for the last push. I need to.
‘How are you feeling?’ She nurtures me to the ground, thinking of only me and not herself. That’s sweet of her. But I’m not going to feel sorry for myself. If this really is the end, if this is really how I go out, then I’m going out the strongest version of myself that I can ever be. She’s worth it.
‘I’m alright now.’ I lie. ‘I can walk the rest by myself, sorry you had to carry me.’ Another two successive lies. She just smiles and puts a soft hand on my knee. She looks me up and down with an undisguised concern upon her face. I can do this. But there is no point in stopping.
‘Let’s keep moving.’
Time for that gargantuan effort. I roll onto my knees, feel my back crack in more than one place, and force it to stop hurting while I stand. I take my weight upon my brittle and tired legs, and slowly persuade one foot, I don’t care which, to take a baby step forward.
‘I can…’ I know what she is going to say so I stop her mid flow with just a politely raised hand and a pointed finger. I need to do this. For me. And for her.
I’m amazed they keep listening, my legs that is. And that they keep moving despite my back howling in protest. It has to be broken somewhere. I can’t have been that lucky again and a again. The power of will and nothing more carries me forward into a thin light trickling towards us from an as yet unknown turn in the path ahead.
Lucy is right here with me. Holding onto my hand sweetly but taking none of my weight. I look back but only briefly. My balance is all over and I can’t hold my neck in any one place but forward for long. I raise a salute. Lucy is looking down. Tears rolling down her soft cheeks. So she doesn’t see. And I whisper under my breath, only so that I say it, but she hears nothing. “Goodbye Kolt. See you on the other side my friend.” 
I don’t know what I meant. Or why I needed to. But it felt right. Grief has a way of messing with you and screwing you around like that. I just felt I needed to wish him farewell as I mounted the last leg of my journey. And gave the last morsel of power I have left inside of me to finishing it.
We make it to the end of the dark tunnel and slide into a well lit room. Strangely and warmly well lit. In the soft, gentle, orange glow of a million candles. Candles placed around bodies wrapped and preserved in blankets and sheets.
‘Oh…’ Lucy whispers upon seeing them. The candles still burn, like the constantly burning man in the gas filled corridor, even though they must have been lit many countless years ago. They remain lit in a constant vigil to the dead they guarded.
‘Mass suicide.’ I conclude without a shadow of doubt in my voice. Lucy hurls herself towards me and cries softly into my chest. I cuddle her softly for comfort and bravely ignore the shooting pain it causes me to hold her as well as myself. The bodies lay there gone and lifeless upon the floor. Dumped, but not unceremoniously, in piles of ten or more. They were filled into a room as big as the distribution centre we had passed at the exact opposite side of the tunnel.
Every last one of them had been shot through the skull. Blood drained out and remained to this day bright red and living about the heads of the mummified shapes. The sheets remained white for the most part. Not aged or worn by the ravages of time as you might expect. Virgin white and innocent like the victims they held. 
I don’t want to stay here long. I don’t want her to have to see this any more. I hate seeing her upset. I want her safe. So I whisper gently in her ear that everything would be okay. I even promised her. Even though I know I shouldn’t have. I take her weight, almost like I want it to hurt, like I want it to test the very pits of my will power, and half drag her through the corpses of hundreds of innocent dead. I am careful, for respect, of every footstep and every movement.
I stop when I see the first one move. A single breath expands in the chest cavity of a single victim. I freeze to the spot and listen intensely as my heart races to my throat. I should have known. I should have known they hadn’t escaped the same fate. Once one started breathing, the next continued, followed in a chain until the room of bodies breathed together as one. Lucy clings tightly to me as we stand in frozen disbelief. One stands, casts their sheet aside, followed by the next and every one of them after that. The dead stand. The gruesome dead. And they walk. 
I hold her hand tight and pull her close to me. Fearing the worst.
‘I’ll get you out of this I swear.’ I whisper gently as the dead, the mass of dead, standing and lost, began to cry as one. An ear and earth shattering cry of the lost. The forever lost. They, like everyone who dies here, are cursed to relive their death over and over again. In a twisted purgatory between life and death. There are scientists, soldiers, civilians and children among the crying dead. 
They part like a wave. Like a rehearsed mass to opposite sides of the room. Soldiers to one side. Everyone else indiscriminately to the other. Leaving me and Lucy in the middle alone. I should run, if I could have even managed to do so, but I don’t. I want to see. 
Some sick and twisted desire inside of me driven by horrific curiosity demanded that I stay. That I give them farewell and take part in their death. I know what is about to happen. I can feel it in my blood. The soldiers, dead, at one side of the room raise antique guns identical to Kolt’s. The others, dead too, cower as one mass at the other side. The sounds of gunfire fills the room without the hot lead to accompany it. Like a play. A rehearsal or an act. 
The bullets that were no longer there tore through the brittle and terrified bodies huddled together. And the noise didn’t stop until every one of them had been killed yet again. A command yelled by someone unknown, in Russian so that I could not understand, and the soldiers turned their rifles around at the butt. With one explosion of sound they fell too. But stood immediately after. Bleeding as if the deed had only just been done, they crawled to their resting places, pulled the sheets back around their formerly dead bodies, and slept again until it was time to relive their own nightmare again. 
‘Why did it happen?’ Lucy asked. It shocks me. Not that she cared to ask but more that she didn’t ask what I expected in the order I expected her to ask it. I thought she might have begun with “what’s happening” or something to the same effect.
‘I don’t know. Maybe they were just afraid. They didn’t understand.’ I try to console her as she gradually stopped crying.
‘Do you?’ I sigh at the proposition. I think I do know what’s going on. And I get the feeling that she does too. I just want her safe. I don’t want her to have to go through this.
‘Yeah.’ She smiles at me through shaking lips but says no more. I’m grateful for that. I don’t want to get into it. I want it over and done with at long last. ‘Let’s go.’
We stumble together for a few steps as I work the stiffness from my back and take over the pace soon after. I pick the biggest of three doors in the room of the dead and make a direct heading for it. In the chaos that was the last act of the dead I had not noticed the sign on the door. It was the same everywhere. A basic figure of a man heading right for the exit, which in this case took on the form of a crudely drawn rocket ship. Chance had lent us another hand in that we were stumbling in the right direction.
‘I didn’t release that Gas.’ She announces out of the blue.
‘What?’ I’m not mad. Not at all.
‘I think it happened when the ship crashed. I didn’t press a thing I promise you. It just seems that now we’re here, the things that killed the poor people aboard the Kraken are coming back. Like the ship, or something in the core of this messed up planet, wants us to see how they died. Or it wants to recreate their deaths over and over again.’ There it was. She hit the same explanation, the same blood curdling and horrific theory I had arrived at in my hours of tramping around the planet on my own. It dawns on me right now that I haven’t even mentioned Kolt to her. Maybe it’s time I did.
So I tell her everything. Like I probably should have from the start.
‘I was rescued from the burning rig that I stole by a man who called himself Private Kolter Gespenst.’ She perked up but didn’t interrupt me. The door I had been aiming for parted slowly once I presented my access card to it. It opened up into a room, small and cramped, full of blinking lights and computer screens and an air lock at the other side. ‘He half dragged me through the wilderness with promises of rescue. He planned on calling the Russian Federation using the masts onboard the Kraken.’ I can see the color drop from her face at the last sentence.
‘But the federation…’
‘I know.’ I sit down against a corner of one of the computer terminals without thinking of looking at what it was. ‘That was my first clue.’ No point in sugar coating the truth. Or at least what I thought was the truth. ‘He burst into flames when he saw the broken shell that used to be his ship. He said he had been pretending he was alive, assuming life, and hadn’t even realized he had died what must have been hundreds of years ago.’ Lucy visibly shivered and held her arms tight around her chest. She said nothing so I feel once more that I need to fill in the gaps. Those nervous gaps in a fledgling and young relationship.
‘I… should have told you, I’m sorry.’ She just shakes her head.
‘I’m scared.’ She admits but looks away from my eyes.
‘It’s okay.’ Here I go again. Filled with the bravado that’s carried me here so far. With the blind faith that I can save her. That I’ll do everything in my power to see her live through this. ‘I’ll find a way for you to be safe.’
Spurred on my the rush of adrenaline my mind and body gifts to me I stand and start examining the flashing lights and nonsensical computer screens. Luck had carried us this far. But it had run out. I knew what these warning messages were. The symbol was the same everywhere, feared everywhere too, and had not been changed in countless years of space travel. 
I won’t pretend to myself to know anything about the science behind it but it is in some curious way a vital pat of a hyper drive engine. Microwave energy. It’s deadly and poisonous in most forms and it filled the corridor ahead. And that was the only way to go to get to the escape pods. Fate was cruel. A cruel and bitter temptress that had hand fed us this far only to run us clean into a brick wall. No way out. Lucy must have seen through my anger, frustration and hopelessness.
‘What is it?’ She places a single hand on my shoulder to look at the same screen. But she mustn’t have understood. She casts me another pleading look. I point to the glyph on the screen and I can almost see her heart sink. The symbol consisted of three lines in a wave pattern across a red triangle.
‘There must have been an accident. One of the hyper drive engines on one of the escape pods must have blown. This room is shielded. The corridor beyond isn’t.’ I ran my finger along a map upon the screen. It flashes red in the areas that it was unsafe to go to. 
‘The chamber that holds the escape pods is flooded with it too. So I’m assuming the shut off valve is on the other side of the airlock.’ I sigh but only once. I already know what I need to do. There really is no other way. No turning back and no point regretting it. I know who I have to be now.
I watched my buddies get beaten and did nothing. I watched the guards and the company beat guys to death and did nothing. I was always a coward. But not today.
‘What do we do?’ She was deflated and beaten. This was going to hurt. Me and her too.
‘Lucy.’ I stood to face her, bravely kissed her across the lips, and ran my hands over her cheeks. ‘I’m sorry.’ I raise a balled fist and slam it as hard as I can into her cheekbone. I hear the crunch, the sickening clash of sinew upon sinew, and caught her before her limp body slammed off the floor. 
No way would she have let me go. And to be honest, as honest as I might as well be at the end, I don’t care for an argument. I promised to save her. Time to do it.
I press the button that opens the door to the air lock and look back to see Lucy gradually come to. Without a shred of anger about her face she runs to the door, full of tears, and starts banging at the console controls. I know they won’t work. Not while I’m in here. She gives up and looks longings into my eyes as the door behind me finally opens. Exposing me to the deadly microwave energy beyond.
‘Don’t do this!’ I can just make out her tearful plea over my own heartbeat. I mime the words “I can save you” back to her but this upsets her more. She bangs harder and harder, becoming more and more upset each time, against the glass of the door.
‘You can’t die for me!’ I can just a say make her out as I turn to face my own fate head on. ‘It should have been me.’ She says it over and over again but I have to ignore her. I can’t face her at all. Unless I get upset too and I don’t want her to see that. I want her to remember me as a hero. And I have to be glad that I’m getting the chance to be one right here at the end.
Nothing prepared me for what hit me. I knew walking into a microwave was going to hurt but I had no idea how much. I can feel my blood start to warm in my cheeks and around my face. In my head too. There really is no time to waste here. I start to run. Uneasy at first given the agony my back is already in, but it slowly evolves into a mindless stagger. Until the power of the microwave energy starts to sap my strength and power. What was left of it at least.
After a few steps my eyes begin the blur and I can barely see anything at all. My visions reddens and I can almost feel the pulse of my blood gush through the arteries that line the iris of my eye. Before I am out of sight of the door, and Lucy who I left behind, I fall to my knees coughing unstoppably. Blood starts pulsating out of my mouth and my chest tightens with each spasm. 
I have to keep going. Dig as deep as I can, I grind my heels in and push with everything I have left against them. I lift my right arm first, punch it into the floor ahead of me, and scrape my knuckles along the polished surface for traction. And I drag my boiling body ever slowly to the opening not more than a hundred yards ahead of me.
I want to stop. Everything in my mind is screaming to me to stop. To give in to death and let this place finally have it’s way with me. But I can’t. I made a promise to save Lucy and I’m going to make sure I do it. That feeling drives me. Another fist slammed into the floor and more scraping from my feet powers me through the doorway and into full view of the escape pods. 
They stand tall at three storey’s high. Sleek, highly polished with an earthy design. Tantalizing yet for me at least completely unattainable. My eyes burn red and I need to find a way to shut off whatever part of whatever of the three ships had been damaged.
I run my limp hand against the doorway and use whatever corner I can grip against to pull myself to my feet one last time. I stand with all the will I have left and stumble on into the expansive room beyond. Looking up I can see the launch chamber and can only hope they aren’t blocked. If they are, they’re her problem, because I’ll be dead before I have any chance to fix it.
The ship to the left, and the one to the far right, look intact and perfectly preserved. It has to be the one in the middle. The one with a door shaped and sized panel missing from the mid section must have been causing the problems. It’s surrounded by a metal walkway. The same sort that spiraled up the main engine at the other side of the ship. 
I need to climb it and find a way to close the panel. A stray thought suggested to me that someone must have been working on it, perhaps even trying to escape themselves, as the Kraken slammed into the deadly world at our feet. But it ultimately doesn’t matter. 
It’s what it is to me right now. Momentum pushes me on but my feet can’t keep up with my urgency and I fall to the floor again. Right in front of the cold stairs. I reach out with my right hand and wrap it around part of the hollow metal frame before pulling as hard as I can. Even though I can hear my own failing heartbeat, and that sound consumes all around me, I can make out the creaking sound of the metal bowing under my weight.
I push on, one step at a time, and gradually ascend the weak and swaying walkway. I climb, breathing hard and audibly through closing lungs, up the side of the walkway and force myself to stand. Though limp and resting entirely against the stairway. I can see through my bloodshot eyes a large red button. It is cased in a plastic housing that I must flip open in order to even think of pressing the button. Around it is painted a mesh pattern of black, yellow and red. It lines one side of the sliding panel and I am out of energy to assume it is anything but the solution to the problem at hand. I, gasping for breath through my closing and bleeding throat, slam my closed fist against the button.
That’s all I have. I slump lifeless over the walkway and fall to the deck. I can just about hear my bones crunch for one last time before passing out. As my eyes close into darkness, I just about see in the distance, the sliding panel of the escape ship slide back to closed. And breathe just a shade easier in the calm knowledge that I did it. That I brought it together right here at the end.
Chapter 23
To The Bitter End
I did it. I saved her. I can die in peace now and always be safe in the eternal knowledge that my life meant something. In that I gave it for someone else. But I wasn’t dead. Not just yet. 
I’m awoken from my deathly slumber by Lucy’s boots pounding along the floor beside me. She wastes no time in slumping to the floor and holding what must have seemed to her to be my limp and lifeless body in her arms. She lifts my torso clean off the floor and holds me tight as she cries bitter and desperate tears over my shoulder.
‘I did it.’ I whisper when I finally find the strength to say anything at all. ‘I ended it.’ I mumble behind a blood clot lodged in my throat. ‘I saved you.’ It just makes her cry harder. It makes her worse and I don’t know why. She is wailing beyond consoling so I just shut my eyes again and enjoy the rest against her shoulder.
‘I was supposed to save you.’ She wails once but finally stops crying. She slides my body back to the floor and lays down beside me. It’s cold. Cold like the world I had fought through. Maybe I would get to see Kolt again when this was over. When I finally die.
‘I should have told you.’ She whispers sweetly in my ear and takes hold of my hand. I have nothing but time to listen to her. There’s nothing more I can do. I’m okay to die. I’m almost, just almost, looking forward to it. What a way to go? I got to be a hero. But it’s meaningless. In the end.
‘I should have told you about my nightmare.’ She takes hold of my hand and clasps it firmly. ‘When I said imagine swapping the memory of a day with the memory of a nightmare?’ My tired and battered heart flutters one last time. Beating out it’s last beats as a drum solo to the horror I knew she was about to tell me. 
But I knew it. Another truth I had hidden away from my own mind. One she just had to confirm. That she was just like Kolt. That she was dead and had been for some time. Since before I met her in that desolate snowfield. I nod my head but shed my last tear with the motion.
‘I knew as soon as that flying dinosaur dragged at me, what was real and what was not.’ I can’t speak. For the pain, for the encroaching death and for the deep aching sadness inside of me. I’d give anything to change it. I’d give anything to see her climb into one of those ships and fly away. I’d kill again, I’d die again, to see her safe. But I should have known. I did know. I just didn’t want to.
‘When I broke off from my landing party, I was attacked,’ she sobs into her final thought. ‘…and eaten.’ She cries softly into my hair.
‘I… I tried so hard to save you.’ I complain to her softly. And I’d do it again. Dead or alive.
‘But now I’m just a ghost. Just like your friend. Forced to stay here and relive my death again and again, just like everyone else who dies here.’ I cry with her. Stroked her copper red hair and comforted her the best I could.
This is better. Death is better. In life I was alone, scared and trodden on by everyone. In death, in the here and now, I’m a hero. I got the girl. That’s how it’s supposed to be isn’t it? The hero gets the girl right at the end. 
But this is better. Because now I get to be with her forever. And she with me. It doesn’t matter that we died. It doesn’t matter that this cruel world will reanimate us again and again to relive those deaths. Because at least we get to do it together, forever. 
This is better. I get to see Kolt again. As soon as I make it there. I’ll find him. I’m glad I didn’t stay in the mine. I’m glad and I’m happy that I came here. I got to see the lines between life and death blur. I got to see there was a happy ending waiting for me, just on the wrong side of life. And I have no regrets. This is my happy ending.
I turn to kiss her. To say it’s okay, that I’m not mad. I knew she blamed herself for letting me “save” her and dying myself instead. And that I didn’t have to die as well as her. But I’m okay with it. Like Kolt was. Lost but in no way seeking rescue. But the Lucy I knew was gone. Replaced with a skeletal frame of tooth splintered bones. I smile. Even though it hurts me to see her as she was. Dead like me. Because this is better. I close my eyes. And wait to see them again. 
I don’t even remember hitting the ground. I remember the hyper drive cutting out and I remember the jet engines failing as I tried to land this old crate. But I don’t remember the damn thing hitting the surface of the planet. I suppose that’s what I get for stealing it in the first place. But I just couldn’t work for those jerks for another second.
Thanks from the Author. If you enjoyed reading my book, please take the time to submit a small review at https://www.smashwords.com. Also, if you enjoyed this title, please also see my other titles: “Reggie”, a post apocalyptical tale set around the zombie outbreak, and “The First Zombie”, a short story about the first zombie who had not noticed his own death. Both available for free download at https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/420373 and https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/452802. 
Connect with the author. If you would like to talk about any of these books, take a look at my author profile at https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/JamesJStubbsPublishing where you can also add me on facebook. Or check out my website at http://jamesjstubbs.wix.com/jamesjstubbs where you can email me directly.
