 
PRISMATICA
A Collection

L. David Hesler


Copyright © 2011 by L. David Hesler www.ldavidhesler.blogspot.com 

Cover image copyright © 2011 L. David Hesler

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.


Acknowledgements

A special thank you to my loving wife for understanding and enduring my obsessions.

To my parents for allowing me to travel my own personal dream roads - mom, we’ll meet again.

To Bill Thomas and Mark Moffre, musicians, artists and friends of immeasurable worth.

And to the rest of you - thanks so much.

Table of Contents

The Trade
The Great Egress
Sadie’s Beast
Traveler’s Lament
Black Dirt
Soldier Creek
The Montauk Recording

The Trade
1997

It is not flesh and blood but the heart which makes us fathers and sons. - Johann Schiller

1.

What I tell you now, I only tell because my time is coming. Do you understand? If I had another twenty or thirty years, I wouldn't tell this now. But I'm old and going soon, and if I'm gone, someone else has to know. Someone else has to carry it. That was part of the deal.
That was part of the trade.
*      *      *
I was twelve years old and all I wanted was to enjoy the simple silence of Soldier Creek, the green serenity that seemed to emanate from within the very water of the stream. I wanted to let go, embrace the sound of nothingness, save for a few restless birds flitting about the forest canopy. I wanted tranquility.
What I got was anything but tranquil.
"You lost it?" Justin asked, his voice flat and insignificant.
Derrick only nodded, his eyes dancing from Justin's to mine. I only shrugged.
"You lost it?" Justin asked again, "The one thing I asked you to look after? You lost my dad's compass?"
Derrick said, "I'm sorry, Justin! I really am! It must have fallen out of my pocket somewhere! I can find it, I know I can."
"You're worthless. I knew I couldn't trust you."
"Justin, please, I didn't mean to."
I stepped in because it was hard to listen to Derrick’s voice. He was one of my best friends and I couldn't stand to hear him beg for Justin's forgiveness.
"We can go looking for it," I said, "It won't take that long. We walk back along the creek, we check around the bikes. If it's not there, it has to be between here and the house."
Hope shimmered in Derrick’s eyes. His grimace trembled into something like a smile.
"Yeah," he said, "Yeah, we can go back and look for it. What time is it? Not much after ten, right? We can look until lunch, then go back to the house!"
"We're not going back to the house, tubby," Justin said, "I told you, we have to do this before we go back!"
"Well, we can look for the compass along the stream and if it's not there, maybe it's by our bikes, like Harlan said."
"If we don't find it," Justin said through clenched teeth, "I'll break your arm."
So we looked. It was ridiculous, of course. Three boys crawling along the edge of a knee-high creek in search of something the size of a walnut. It had been Justin's idea to come out to Soldier Creek in the first place. He’d heard one of the high school kids at Sam's General Store talking about ghosts that walked beside the stream. The high school kid, someone named Taylor, had claimed if you have a compass and you're walking beside Soldier Creek, the compass will go crazy. And if it goes crazy, you'll probably find yourself face to face with a spirit. Claimed he’d seen it happen.
I didn't believe him, and neither did Derrick. But Justin had his reasons. We understood and we played along, hoping it would help him deal with whatever it was that he felt.
His father had drowned in this stream four years earlier. It was during a flash flood and he had been trying to help a girl about our age. People around town said the water swept them under and they disappeared. No one ever found the bodies.
I suspected Justin knew why he had taken us here, but he never told us outright. He only told us it was like an adventure, that we were exploring the unknown.
But I knew truth.
He wanted to get his dad back.

2.

"You see anything?" Justin yelled.
I crawled up the bank and stood at the edge of the woods and the pasture. There was no glint of sunlight, no sign of the compass anywhere on the ground. Justin ground his teeth in silent rage.
Derrick was on the opposite side of the creek, kicking through leaves and upending rocks.
"It's not over there," Justin said, "We never even went over there."
"You never know," Derrick said, "It's worth looking."
"No," Justin said, "It's worth kicking you in the face for losing my dad's compass!"
Justin's dad had been named a local hero and there was a portrait of him posted at the Mason's Post court house. Below the picture was the inscription, "Beloved husband, devoted father." People still talked about how Officer Michael Duncan had given his life trying to save Esther Barnett, even though her family left town a few weeks after it all happened.
Justin picked up a rock and threw it at Derrick.
"My arm!" Derrick cried.
"Guys!" I yelled, "Stop it! We're never going to find this thing if you keep arguing."
My voice echoed through the woods, scaring a handful of crows into the sky.
"Fine," Justin said. He suddenly sounded defeated, "Let's just go. Forget the compass. Let's just keep going."
Derrick stayed on the other side of the creek, "I'm sorry, Justin. Really."
"Shut up."
We walked in silence for five minutes. Each footstep was an explosion of crumpled leaves and grinding stones.
Derrick broke the silence, "I hope we find your dad."
Justin stopped walking, "What did you say?"
Derrick’s eyes were wide and he said, "I mean, if what that kid at the grocery store said is true, maybe we'll run into your dad. Wouldn't that be neat?"
"You're an idiot," Justin said, "We're not going to find him. So just shut up."
"Seriously," Derrick said. I tried to gesture to him so he would stop talking, but he didn't notice or didn't care. "What if we found him? What would you say? Would you give him a hug or something?"
"Derrick," I finally said, "Stop talking."
"I'm just saying if there are ghosts here, wouldn't it make sense that his dad was one of them?"
"He's not dead!" Justin screamed, leaping across the stream towards Derrick. They collided and fell to the ground. Justin threw several punches at Derrick's midsection.
"Get off me!" Derrick yelled, "Harlan, get him off me!"
I made no effort to jump across the water. I simply waded through it and pulled Justin away from Derrick’s body. He swung his fists at me a few times and I noticed the tears streaming down the sides of his face. He pushed me away and then ran, following the stream for a while before darting towards the woods and disappearing over a hill.
"Get up," I told Derrick, "We need to catch him."
Before Derrick was on his feet, I was already chasing after Justin.
"Hey!" I screamed, "Justin, don't run too far! We don't know the way!"
Derrick and I scrambled up the hill, which flattened at the top. Forty or fifty feet further, it dropped off like a miniature cliff. A few trees clung to the earth, but leaned out over the precipice and threatened to fall given enough time and weather. Beyond the edge was a great clearing encircled by another stream. We found a tree that hung far enough that we could climb down its trunk and then fall into the clearing. Landing unevenly on my feet, I saw Justin moving in the underbrush. He was still running.
We followed. He led us deep into the woods and I was already beginning to lose my sense of direction. Derrick did his best to follow behind me.
Finally, the underbrush cleared and we found Justin sitting at the edge of another clearing. He was on his hands and knees, sobbing and gasping for air. As we approached, he looked over his shoulder and put a finger to his lips to silence us. He then pointed ahead. There was a grand tree, thick and knotted and reaching to the heavens with countless twisted and naked branches. Beside this tree was a doe. But it was only half of a doe. It appeared to be stuck in some kind of mud puddle, its hind quarters completely submerged.
"I scared it," Justin gasped, "It jumped and fell in. But what is that stuff?"
The doe grunted, whined, and then screeched as the mud appeared to actually reach up the creature's body in liquid tendrils and pull the animal down into the depths of the puddle.
In only a moment, the doe was gone and the puddle was still.

3.

We watched the hole. The doe never tried to come back. Or it was unable to come back.
"What was that?" Derrick asked.
I shook my head, "Mud hole or something."
"No way," Derrick said, "That stuff reached up and grabbed it!"
Justin stood up, wiped tears from his face. It was smeared with dirt and small pieces of dead leaves.
He said, "It was my fault. I scared it."
"No," I said, "It just happened. Don't worry about it."
Then I saw the smile, the curls at the corners of his mouth. He wasn't worried at all.
He was happy.
"Come on," he said, walking towards the hole. He kept a good distance between it and himself.
"Get away from it," Derrick panted, "Who knows what's in there?"
"It's like he said," Justin was grinning, "It's a sinkhole. Just some old mud in the ground."
The surface was still and it looked like oil. Despite a breeze that had begun to kick through the forest, the surface was like glass. Motionless, dead.
"Give me a stick or something," Justin said. I only stared at the surface. If there was something underneath, it was laying absolutely still. I hoped that maybe we were right, maybe it was just some old mud.
Derrick grunted and said, "Get it yourself, man."
"Fine," Justin said. He snapped a branch off of a half-dead sapling and walked towards the puddle. The obsidian surface shimmered.
"Don't," I heard myself say as Justin reached forward. The stick was only inches away from the puddle.
The black mud erupted and Justin stumbled backward, tossing the stick as he fell to the ground. The frantic chorus of our voices filled the forest.
"What is that?" Derrick screamed. He pointed at the puddle, and I realized in one horrible moment that it was no puddle at all. It was a hole. It had to be a hole, because what was coming out of the black liquid was too big to have hidden in a mere puddle.
What came out of the hole was almost human.
The black mud didn't cover the shape like water or oil. It slid off the figure like a shroud, like something retreating. The large object tumbled onto the ground and lay still. It was pale, the color of cooked cabbage. And it squirmed.
"Make it stop," Derrick screamed, "Guys, make it stop moving!"
"Shut up!" Justin said, "It's a kid, just be quiet!"
He was almost right. It looked vaguely like a little girl. It had hair, slick and matted to her head, though thin in places. She was wrapped in some glistening shawl that looked like plastic. She writhed and her eyes sprang open. There was no color in the pupils.
"It's okay," I managed to say, "We won't hurt you."
Her ears looked unformed, pasted to the sides of her head; then I realized they had been cut or torn off and there were now only mounds of scars where they had been. Her lips were thin and pinkish. Fingers groped from beneath the shawl, skeletal and uncoordinated.
"Just calm down," I said, "Calm down, please."
"Make her stop," Derrick yelled, "God, she looks dead!"
She spoke. The sound was a whisper.
"What?" I asked.
She looked at me with enormous white eyes and said, "Esther."
She arched her neck for emphasis and muttered, "We give you Esther."

4.

The sun had gone dim and the forest was filling with a darkness that seemed somehow wrong, as if it wasn’t just a result of the sun’s passing; it felt as if a shroud had been placed over the entire forest.
Derrick pointed at the girl and said, "What's she talking about?"
Tears streaked the sides of his face.
"We give you Esther," the girl said. She seemed a half-made human writhing on the forest floor.
"Look at her," Justin said. He was still on the ground and tears had welled in his eyes, as well. He gazed at the girl and said, "She looks unfinished."
"We give you Esther," the girl said again, "She came to us. Long. Long ago."
These few sentence fragments seemed a chore for the girl to speak.
"We are furnished," she said, "Finished. We are finished. With her."
"Who?" I asked, "Who's Esther?"
The girl only stared at me with almond-shaped eyes like milk.
"It's her," Justin said, "She's Esther."
"What?" Derrick asked, "What are you talking about? She's a zombie or something!"
"Shut up," Justin said.
He crawled closer to the girl. Her head jerked from side to side, her mouth gasped for breath. It was like she was choking on the air that should have sustained her.
"Are you Esther?" he asked.
She looked at him with empty eyes, her mouth drawn open an inch or two. In a blur, her hands grasped the sides of Justin's head and she pressed her own forehead against his. First they were silent, then Justin began to sob. His whole body convulsed. The girl's pallid lips wriggled as she whispered something, either to Justin or under her breath.
"Lord," Derrick screamed, "Help me! She's hurting him!"
He charged forward and kicked the girl, but she didn't seem to notice.
"Get off him!" He clutched at her shoulders, but the skin seemed to peel away beneath his grasp. Beneath the cream-white flesh was something slick and purple and pulsating.
As Derrick stared at the flesh he had just torn off with his bare hands, I found the branch Justin had intended to dip into the puddle earlier. It wasn't exactly a club, but it would do. I closed my eyes as the branch fell at an angle and caught the girl on the side of the head. The sound, to this day, is something I cannot forget. Worse was the sudden ceasing of movement in my hands as the branch struck its destination. I dropped the weapon and opened my eyes.
The girl lay sprawled on the ground, more of that unnatural purple color exposed on the side of her head. It glistened in the dying dull light.
“Thank,” she said. The sound was hardly audible. Her eyes wandered in their sockets and locked on mine. She whispered, “Thank you.”
Justin pressed palms to his eyes and sobbed incoherently.
"It's horrible," he cried, "It's her. It's impossible, but it's her."
"Who?" Derrick asked, "Justin, what's wrong?"
Justin removed his hands from his face. My stomach knotted.
"She was with my dad," he said, "She was with him during the flood. It's her. It’s all her fault."
I could care less about the girl.
Black tears trickled down Justin's face. His eyes were pools of oil, two small ponds churning midnight.
"She died with my dad," he said, "God help us, we just brought her back!"

5.

I couldn't look at Justin, couldn't make eye contact with one of my best friends.
His eyes were black. Liquid charcoal. Some thick fluid trickled down his cheeks like tears.
"What are you talking about?" Derrick asked, "Justin, what's happening?"
I looked at the girl, saw the slick purple surface below her flesh. She was motionless and seemed smaller.
"She showed me, made me feel it all when she grabbed my head," Justin said, "She was out here by herself, so long ago, and she saw the hole. Saw something else, too. My dad found her, but then-”
His voice trailed as he stumbled backwards. He stared at the hole, “It takes and it gives."
Derrick stared at me and asked, "What's he talking about?"
"I don't know," I heard the words drift into the forest. They sounded far away, unfamiliar.
"The deer," Justin said, "Don't you see? It took the deer, and it gave the girl. It gave us Esther."
When he looked at us again, his face had stretched to fit an enormous smile. It seemed like he had too many teeth. The black tears had begun to soak the collar of his shirt.
"We could bring him back," Justin whispered, "We brought her back, so we could bring my dad back. We could do it."
He approached the girl's body. I gasped when I saw it had literally begun dissolving into the ground. There was only a vague discolored shape where the girl had been. As Justin stood over the remains, we watched the shape liquefy into the the very same blackish fluid from the hole. It writhed like it was alive, and it moved across the ground to join the puddle from where the girl had been vomited.
As the liquids rejoined, Justin gazed at us with that maniac's smile, "It's like Hammurabi, you know? An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth." 
He paused again, this time chuckling to himself, "Only they deal in souls."
"Who?" I asked, "Who are you talking about?"
"Ancient things," Justin said, "So old you'd go crazy if you tried to figure it out."
I had a feeling he had already tried to figure it out. That sick grin was a dead giveaway.
"Come on. Let's quit this. Let's just go home."
"I don't think so," he said, "I think we have to make a choice. You see, my dad might be over there somewhere. And we could bring him back. We just have to make one decision."
"What?" Derrick asked.
Justin's smile vanished and he glared, "Which one of you goes into the black water?"

6.

I'm not sure how the decision was made. I'm not sure if there was ever a real choice. It just happened, a blur of moments that I can't seem to rationalize after all this time.
I understand, though. I understand how he yearned to see his father. It had been so long and his own dad had been taken away by some unknown force. And now that he knew, at least partly, where his father had gone and that there might be a way to bring him back... well, Justin wanted to take advantage of that knowledge.
So there was a trade. 
A soul for a soul.
I've seen things. I saw the surface of that entrancing black water, saw the reflection of the sky behind my head as I peered into the dark. And just below the surface, I could discern hundreds of eyes staring back up at me, ghost-like and shifting.
What came out of the hole might have been Justin's father. It might have been the deer Justin had accidentally scared only moments earlier. It could have been something much worse. What came out of the hole is unknown to me.
I was on the other side by then, swallowed and forgetting about the sharp pain in the back of my head where Justin had struck me with a stone. I was sinking, losing myself and becoming one of them. 
Who are they?
They are the ancients, nameless and eternal, waiting between worlds for the poor souls who happen to slip through. They are not gods, nor are they demons. They are in service to a greater master, who himself is enslaved to a nameless fiend. This is the nature of chaos; one master begets another. I sat at their sides for a time before you found the very same hole I faced. 
And I should tell you, it's not exactly a hole. 
It's a doorway. And on the other side, where those shapeless beings sit in waiting with bloated bellies and spiraling cavernous throats, it's dark and cold.
Quiet.
It's good to be here again, but the sun hurts my skin. I imagine there's not much time before someone puts an end to me like we did to Esther all those years ago. Fear is only fuel for violence.
I suppose I should get to the point, sitting here and holding your head to mine.
Here are the details of the trade.
We have taken your companion.
We give you Harlan.

The Great Egress

Wake up and everything is different.
The world is sideways, friends are gone,
and the soft odor of wet earth clings to your face.

Not a corpse, but you’re in the ground. 
You are the ground.
You are the dirt.

But you didn’t come here on your own. 

They helped.

They took you.

The cold machines of their cruel science 
tried to tear you open,
tried to look inside at what was special.

They’ve done this for ages. 

You are not the last.

The damp clods of earth beneath you are only a thin veil
for the bodies below,  
a blanket of mud for the sleeping children of fate.

Rise. Awaken. Run.

Time is short. 
The distance is great.
Now is the moment you travel.

Sadie’s Beast
2010

A man's real possession is his memory. In nothing else is he rich, in nothing else is he poor.  - Alexander Smith 

1.

You've seen this before, he thought to himself. 
He was on his back and staring into the sky, watching formless clouds drift across a cerulean canvas. His head hurt, but he supposed he could get used to the dull ache. Besides, an angel sang into his ear from the other side of the universe.
Her voice was calm and soothing. It made the pain forgettable.
You've been here before, he thought, remember this.
It was, in fact, the only thing he could remember when he woke up in the middle of a tomato garden behind a two story brick house. He was on his side when the first rays of sun slipped over the surrounding treetops and pressed warm against his face. His head was filled with rocks, thundering and echoing as he tried to sit up. He'd crushed seven or eight tomatoes under his half-nude body. He was shirtless, his pants torn at the knees and ankles.
He had no name, at least not that he could remember. He could recall nothing but the vaguely familiar dream, the haunting music. Grimacing, he imagined a sponge being squeezed by skeletal fingers. The water fell away and left the sponge empty. The grimace grew. He didn't understand how his water had been stolen, only that he was dry and weak and useless at the moment.
At the edge of the yard furthest from the house was a forest. He was in the country, probably on some back road. There were no neighbors nearby. 
Seclusion.
He stumbled into the forest and relieved himself at the base of a broken tree. It had been struck by lightning some time ago and was now a decaying monument of the woods. He pressed a palm against the old bark, watched a horde of fat black ants crawl out of the myriad crevices to investigate the intruder. They crawled across his flesh for a few moments, then disappeared beneath the bark again. A crisp wind pressed through the forest with fingers that jostled newly green leaves.
Suddenly chilled by the wind, he thrust his hands into the pockets of his jeans and found two things. One was a small and rusted compass. He held it in the palm of his hand and tried to let the needle settle itself. It appeared to be broken. The needle pointed north, then southeast, then west, then southeast. After a moment with no progress, he put the compass back into his pocket.
The second item was more interesting.
It was a photograph of a man's face. He smiled, but there was no warmth behind the smile. It was the expression of a predator, the gnashed teeth of a wild animal planning its next kill. Written below the man's face was the word "BOJAC". Scribbled in faded pencil marks on the back side of the photo was a date, "March 10".
He studied the photo for a moment longer and was about to put it in his pocket when someone spoke behind him.
"Hey!"
Startled, he dropped the photo and watched it dance into the wind. It disappeared deep in the forest.
The voice called out again, "Hey, you!"
He turned and saw a little girl standing at the edge of the forest. She wore a Cubs baseball cap with her ponytail drawn through the hole in the back. Slung over one shoulder was a beige satchel. 
Her head leaned to one side and she said, "Who are you?"
He started to speak. 
The words that came out were unintelligible. He felt the world go dark as he collapsed to his knees, his mouth opening and shutting as silent words and incoherent nothings passed across his tongue. 
He tumbled sideways and felt the damp earth embrace the side of his face as the dream took him again. 

2.

Remember, he thought as the dream began to rapidly disappear. Reality came in torrents this time, invading his imagination in sheets of color. Hold on to this.
Someone wiped his face with a cold wet washcloth. The crispness stole his breath for a moment.
A woman gazed at his face. Her skin was pale, her eyes enormous and brown. But she looked sick, broken.
"Are you okay?" she asked. There was no sign of anxiety in her voice.
He tried to speak, but words wouldn't come.
"You were having a seizure," she said, "What were you doing in our back yard?"
His eyes darted from side to side. He didn't know why he had been there, only that he had awakened in the middle of a small vegetable garden. His voice was gone; in its place was the tart flavor of bile and a trace of blood.
"Were you lost?" the woman asked.
He slowly nodded. A single word managed to escape his mouth, "Yes."
"Where are you from?" she asked.
"Don't," he whispered, "Don't know."
"Sir, I'm just a few seconds from calling the police," she said, "Now I need some answers. Please."
The straight forward manner of her saying this took him aback. She seemed accustomed to dealing with unusual or dangerous situations. He hoped she understood his case was strictly of the unusual persuasion and not of the violent.
"Yes," he said, "Can't remember. It's all gone."
He drummed the side of his head with his knuckles. He winced at the bright pain that blossomed near his temple; it felt as if someone had hit him in the head with a railroad spike and left it there to drain his memory.
"Well," she said, "Just in case you're not telling the truth, I'm calling someone."
He tried to sit up, but the soft earth seemed to have gripped his entire body. His head thundered.
He said, "Don't worry. I won't hurt you."
The woman stood up and regarded him for a moment with her arms cross over her chest. In this moment, she seemed the strongest creature in the world. She was slim with softly rounded shoulders and there was lean muscle on her arms. But it wasn't her physical nature that he admired; it was something unseen, hidden and lively.
She was a silent warrior.
"Honey," she said, "It ain't me I'm worried about."
He noticed for the first time since reawakening that there was an axe handle leaning against the tree beside the woman. It was old and appeared to have been used quite frequently in the past. There were words etched into the side, but he couldn't read them. At the business end of the weapon, three nails had been driven through the wood. They were crooked and looked like fingers.
"Now lay still for a few minutes," she said, "I've got a call to make."
He turned his head and saw the little girl sitting on the back porch of the house. She was busy drawing or coloring in a sketchbook. She happened to glance up as he watched her; the girl waved at him as if she'd known him for years.
He looked away and tried to remember something.
Anything. 

3.

The mother was on the cell phone for some time while he remained motionless on the ground. The grass was cool and the smell of soil filled his nostrils as he listened to the mother's conversation.
"Yes," she said, "He's still here. No, Derrick, he's not threatening me. He's almost unconscious and laying in the grass. Just come over here as fast as you can. No, there's no way I'm calling them. You should know that."
She nodded a few times and said, "Okay, I'll be careful. Just get over here. Thanks."
She slapped the cell phone shut and then stared at him. There was still no sense of fear, no outward expression that she might have reason to fear his being here. She leaned on the axe handle, though. He supposed that was enough to keep a person comfortable.
"Is he your boyfriend?" he asked. His voice was slowly coming back.
"Why?" she asked.
"I don't want him to get the wrong idea," he said, "I don't want him to think I'm after you. I'm not like that."
"Sure," she said, "Well, just stay on the ground and we'll find out soon enough."
"I'll stay here as long as you want," he said. He swept a ladybug off his cheek with one hand and then stared at the sky. It wasn't nearly as beautiful as the one in his dreams.
"You have to have a name," she said, "It's hard to sit here and talk to you when you don't have a name."
"Call me Bug," he said, "It's as good a name as any."
The girl laughed and said, "How 'bout Cricket?"
"Sadie!" the mother said, "Get back inside."
She was protective of her daughter. He thought this an admirable trait. But this was the first time she had sounded frightened, the first time her guard had been let down.
"If you're afraid of me," he said, "Why don't you call the police?"
"If there's one thing you need to know about this town," she said, "It's that the police are the scariest ones here."
From inside the house, a telephone began ringing. The daughter Sadie, who had wandered into the house through the back door, stuck her head outside and said, "Mom, someone's calling the house phone."
"Go ahead and answer it, baby," she said, "I'll be out here with Mister Cricket."
Sadie disappeared inside.
"Most of the police around here are scumbags," the mother said, "A few are worse."
"So this Derrick is a friend?" Cricket asked.
"Brother," she said.
"Did you have a husband?" Cricket asked. There was no ring on her left hand.
She regarded him for a moment and said, "Enough questions, Mister Cricket. You're the one who woke up in my garden. I think it's your turn to come up with some answers."
"Fair enough," he said.
Sadie burst from the back door in tears. She stumbled down the steps and collided with her mother, wrapping her arms around the woman's waist.
"Baby, what is it? What's wrong?"
The girl sobbed and tried to speak. She simply made stuttering gasping noises.
"Baby, calm down," the mother said, "Take a deep breath. Look at me, baby. What's wrong?"
The girl shuddered through a few more sobs and then said, "It was him. On the phone."
"How do you know, baby? What did he say?"
Sadie took a deep breath and said, "Bad things. Dirty things, mama. And he said he's coming."
She gazed at her mother with wide eyes, tears painting the sides of her face, "He's coming here tonight!"
"What's going on?" Cricket asked, "Why would your brother scare her like that?"
"She didn't talk to my brother," she said, "She talked to my husband. He wants to kill us."

4.

"Sit down," the mother said.
Cricket took a seat at the dinner table. It had been difficult walking from the edge of the yard into the woman's house. His head felt like it was split. He felt savage and misplaced in this home, an intruder from the world of mud. The daughter sat in the corner of the room on a dinner stool. She wiped tears from her cheeks and avoided direct eye contact with anyone.
"He called here?" her brother asked. He was a short and rotund man; his jowls were hidden by a hapless black beard. He rubbed his chin with his thumb and asked, "He called right before I got here?"
"Yes," the mother said.
"Devin, this is crazy," he said, "We should just call the cops on this guy and then get the hell out of here."
"Derrick," she said, "You know as well as I do that the cops aren't going to help. Most of them are Taylor's buddies. They probably know he's on his way and I wouldn't be surprised if they're helping him."
"Why would he do this?" Cricket asked as Devin wet a towel in the sink, "Why would he want to kill you? He's your husband. And a father."
Devin said, "It's complicated."
Cricket nodded and said, "The best stories are."
Devin swabbed at various points on his shoulders and back, wiping away dirt and grass with each motion. Her touch was not gentle.
"We should call someone," Derrick said, "This is all just too strange, sis. Look, no offense mister, but Devin, I don't trust this guy. He shows up behind your house only moments before you get a call from Taylor? I don't think it's a coincidence."
Devin seemed to ignore her brother. She said, "You've got scars on your back. My God, what happened back here?"
Cricket had no idea. He strained to remember, but the only images in his mind seemed to consist of those cotton-shaped clouds and the deep blue sky. He shrugged and said, "I couldn't tell you. What do they look like?"
Devin touched them with her fingers and traced them lightly. Each scar seemed to encircle his shoulder blades, angling towards his spine at the top. Devin's touch became agonizingly soft.
"It looks like they would have hurt," she said in a low voice, "Whatever it was, it was bad. I can't believe you don't remember what happened."
"Maybe he's an angel," Sadie said from her chair in the corner of the kitchen. Her mother and uncle both looked at her in disbelief. She shrugged, snorted back a few tears, and said, "You know, maybe that's where his wings were."
A silence flooded the room, paralyzing and cold. Finally, Derrick said, "You're a goofball, Sadie."
"Wait," Cricket said, "Did you hear that?"
"What?" Devin asked.
Cricket was on his feet in an instant, fists curled into tight balls. He gazed around the room and said, "Someone's here. Get the girl."
Devin wrapped her arms around Sadie.
"Use the axe handle," he said to Derrick, "Protect them both."
Devin locked the back door as Cricket wandered through the house towards the living room. He could hear them, three or four men walking around the house and whispering. He had no idea how he could hear them. For a moment, it occurred to him that maybe he wasn't hearing them at all.
He was sensing them.

5.

The house was quiet, now; it was an unlikely battleground. 
One of the men had entered through the front door. He was about six feet tall, broad at the shoulders, and he wore a black ski mask over his face. Locks of brown hair sprouted out from beneath the mask. His hands twisted around a tire iron like livid snakes.
"Who're you?" the stranger asked, his head cocked. He sounded genuinely surprised.
Cricket didn't speak. He only acted, moving fluidly across the room. His motions were alien to his mind, and the two men danced a terrible ballet across the floor. The masked man grunted and fought against Cricket's strength, but his fight was not enough. He collapsed, unconscious or possibly dead from a blow to the throat.
Cricket stood over the man's body for a moment, staring at his own hands; they seemed foreign, almost possessed. The man on the floor started breathing again. Cricket nodded and then went to the window. There was an SUV parked in the driveway. Another masked man was slashing the tires of what Cricket guessed were the cars belonging to Devin and Derrick.
"Cricket!" Sadie screamed from the kitchen. The sound of her strained voice was followed by a sharp cracking sound. 
He moved again, thoughtless and unaware of himself. Cricket entered the kitchen in time to see Derrick grasping at a bullet wound in his abdomen. Two men in masks stood by the back door, which had been kicked in. 
"What'd you do?" one man asked the gunman, "We weren't supposed to shoot anybody, yet!"
Devin and Sadie cowered in the corner, sobbing and clinging to one another.
"I'm sorry," the gunman said, "He was coming at me."
The two men finally noticed Cricket. The gunman asked, "Who are you?"
Cricket's arms and legs moved as if of independent minds. He swept a chair from under the table and launched it across the room before the gunman could squeeze off a shot. The chair struck him on the chest, exploding in a mess of splintered wood. The gunman collapsed and dropped the gun. 
His companion made a dive for the weapon, but Cricket was on top of him before he could even touch the pistol grip. They struggled on the ground, rolling and kicking. The masked man tried to bite Cricket's hand. Finally, with one arm wrapped securely around the man's neck, Cricket began squeezing as hard as possible. He saw the girl out of the corner of his eye, noticed the new terror growing in her expression. She wasn't just afraid of the gunmen. She was afraid of him, scared of Cricket.
He held the man's throat, squeezed a bit, then eased off. He couldn't do this in front of a child. He didn't even know exactly what it was his arms had been prepared to do. It was violent, surely fatal. That feeling of not knowing himself, not knowing his own actions, had returned in waves. He stood up and pressed the heel of his foot against the back of the man's head.
"Your car keys," Cricket said to the man, "You'll give them to me?"
He pressed harder with his foot, slid the heel to the man's neck.
"The SUV in the driveway," Cricket said, "I need the keys."
The man on the floor strained to say, "Don't have them."
"Does the fourth one have them? The one with the knife?"
"Yes," he grunted.
Cricket reached down and pulled the man's hood off his head. He had red hair and his face was a minefield of freckles. It looked as though his nose had been broken at some point, crooked and off-center.
"Peter?" Devin whispered from across the room, "Peter, how could you help him?"
"He's a good man," the red head snarled, "You're nothing but a whore, Devin. Nothing but a lying huh-"
Cricket pressed the man's face into the floor, "You'll shut up for a while."
He bound and gagged the red head, then did the same to his unconscious companion. He kept telling Devin and Sadie to stay quiet, to hold on to Derrick's hands. 
"We're getting out of here," Cricket said. 
He gagged the third intruder in the living room, though the man's throat was basically useless to him at the moment.
He peered through the living room window again. The fourth member of this makeshift assault had taken a seat on the hood of the SUV. He appeared to be listening to music on some sort of digital player. He wore miniscule head phones in his ears, nodded his head to some ridiculous beat, and sucked on a cigarette.
He hadn't heard the gunshot.
Cricket went back through the house, tucked the fallen pistol firmly into Devin's hands so she could protect her family, then slipped into the darkness with the curved axe handle resting over his shoulder. 
Even in the lingering light of dusk, his body moved with the precise knowledge of a weathered warrior. 
The work was swift and easy.

6.

He woke up, confused and ready to fight.
The dream vision of drifting clouds and that familiar music had done nothing to calm his nerves. 
He was sprawled in the back of the SUV while Devin drove into the night. In the front passenger seat sat Derrick, her brother, and he was still awake. That was good. The gunshot he'd taken was probably not fatal, but he was still losing too much blood. In the back seat was Sadie, the daughter, and she was asleep. Her head rested easily against a seatbelt that was still too big to properly fit her body. 
And here was Cricket, sitting in the rear of the vehicle amidst a pile of old blunt weapons and used ski masks. He had made a temporary pillow out of these masks, piling them together as he curled into the fetal position. The sleep came quick, almost as soon as he had dispatched the final intruder and taken the man's keys (and his shirt). 
The music had begun ringing in the back of his head and his vision began blurring as he instructed Devin to load her daughter into the vehicle. He had told Devin to drive away from town, to take old highways and rarely-used gravel roads. He loaded Derrick into the passenger seat and then he had curled up on the pile of baseball bats and pipes and hammers. Among these things was the old axe handle, still warm from its most recent use.
He had slept and it had been a deep and memorable sleep.
Now, as he gazed around the interior of the vehicle, Cricket could feel the oppressive hands of night outside. 
"Where are we?" he said as softly as possible. He didn't want to wake the girl.
"Probably twenty or thirty miles away," Devin said, "I don't know. I've never been this way."
"Good," Cricket said, "Your husband wouldn't expect you to come here."
"Okay," she said, and her voice was filled with that calm and steady energy once more, "But my brother needs help. He's bleeding."
Derrick forced a laugh and said, "This? Ain't nothing, Dev. Just a flesh wound.” 
He groaned and his left arm fell to his side, splattering the floor board with dozens of crimson pinpoints. Cricket carefully climbed over the back seat and leaned forward so he could more closely see the wound. As he did this, Sadie shifted in her seat. Derrick's flesh was pallid, cold to the touch.
"See?" Derrick asked, "I've had paper cuts worse than this."
"We should pull over soon," Cricket said, "I think I can help him."
"How are you going to help me?" Derrick asked, his voice raspy and his breaths shallow, "You don't even know your own name."
Cricket didn't know precisely how he would help. He knew nothing of surgery. But fifty minutes ago, he would have sworn that he knew nothing of fighting. His own hands had proven him wrong on that account. A nearly indistinguishable voice spoke in the back of his mind, now occupying the space where there had been music only a short time ago. The voice was confident that Cricket could help. And he, in his lack of memory, couldn't argue.
"I just think that I can help you," Cricket said, "Will you trust me?"
Derrick nodded and said, "Guess I have to. Either trust you or bleed out, eh?"
"I think we're getting close to a park or something," Devin said, "There's a sign."
The sign identified the park as a place called Montauk. It seemed a fisherman's paradise, and it promised to be full of camping areas, plenty of hidden coves. There was a sign that pointed towards the nearest camp grounds, and another sign indicated some kind of twenty four hour general store up the road two and a half miles.
"Find a quiet spot," Cricket said, "No other cars or tents."
Devin guided the SUV into a secluded area called Angler's Glen. It was empty. A stream ran parallel to the partitioned camping spots. 
"If you kill us out here," Derrick said, one eyebrow raised as he glared at Cricket, "I'm going to be really mad."
The SUV lurched to a stop and Sadie grumbled in her sleep.
"I'm trying to save you," Cricket said, "Now get out of the car."

7.

"This will hurt," Cricket said.
They sat face to face in the headlights of the SUV. Before Derrick had a chance to react, Cricket shoved a finger into the wound on his abdomen and began digging the bullet out. Derrick bit down on a piece of bark. His face was flush and veins rippled in his neck as the bullet slowly slid out of his belly. It had been a clean shot. No organs, no bone. He was lucky the bullet hadn't gone all the way through.
Then Cricket discovered why.
"It's not a real bullet," he said, "It's rubber. Looks like they weren't interested in killing. Yet."
"Glad to hear it," Derrick said, "Guess he had good intentions when he pulled that trigger."
Cricket dabbed at the blood that smeared the man's stomach.
"Okay," Derrick said, "So, now what?"
"Hold still."
Cricket's hands moved with that alien efficiency, as if controlled by thoughts beyond his own understanding. They pressed against Derrick's abdomen, squeezed, relaxed, squeezed again.
Derrick slipped the bark back into his mouth and mumbled something incoherent and hateful.
Cricket felt the air go thin. The world itself grew thin, the universe paled. He sat at the edge of nothing, hands outstretched and somehow siphoning from an unseen and infinite source. He imagined a farmer drawing water from a well. The galaxy spun about his head, the universe sighed. He took the energy and then returned.
Derrick arched his back and let the bark fall out of his mouth. Soft light emanated from beneath Cricket's hands. The SUV's headlights began to flicker, went dim, then went completely black. The light beneath his hands grew brighter.
He listened to the music; it was far away, and he knew if he didn't concentrate, his mind would wander towards that soothing song.
"Stop it, stop it!" Derrick grunted, pulling away from Cricket's hands.
Devin had exited the vehicle and stood over Cricket's back. She held the axe handle in her hands as if she'd been prepared to attack him.
"There," Cricket whispered, "We're done. It's over. You'll be okay, now."
Derrick trembled, glaring at the place where the wound had been only moments earlier. There was no sign, except for some excess blood. The flesh was repaired.
“How’d you do that?’
Cricket shook his head, “Doesn’t matter.”
Derrick opened his mouth as if he might say something, then he stared at the healed wound. Crawling to his feet, he shambled away. His breathing was erratic and short.
Rivulets of cold sweat covered Cricket’s face and neck as he looked over his shoulder and said, "Stay here. I'm going to the general store up the road."
"Why don't we just drive?" Devin asked.
Cricket turned away from her and let the uncertain night swallow his body, "Because now the battery's dead."
As he walked away, he felt their eyes on him. And he heard the useless clicking sound as Devin tried to restart the SUV. 

8.

"Evening," the old man said. He sat on a crooked stool behind the hardwood counter and appeared to be playing a game of Solitaire. He licked his thumb and drew a card, "Looking for something particular?" 
He slapped the card on a pile beside the deck. 
"Duct tape. And paper towels," Cricket said, "How much are they?"
"Tape's about two bucks," the old man said, "Paper towels are a dollar and a half a roll. Down that aisle." 
Cricket picked up two rolls of paper towels and a single roll of duct tape. He gazed around the store. The silence gave him a fleeting sensation of peacefulness. But there was work to do. 
Things to get done. 
"Do you have any gasoline?" Cricket asked. The old man pulled another card and played it, then chuckled. 
"No gas," he said, "All I got is lighter fluid. Keep it behind the counter. Punk kids always coming in here trying to steal some lighter fluid. They think it's fun to play with this stuff. Ain't nothing fun about putting out a thousand-acre fire." 
He spoke as he unlocked a wooden cabinet behind the counter. Cricket saw various items on the shelves inside: lighter fluid, matches, pocket knives, condoms, an assortment of medicines. And on one shelf, there was a revolver. It was slick and gray in the shadows. Cricket imagined the old man had a sizeable arsenal of old guns hidden throughout the general store. A remote business that stayed open all night seemed a likely target for any kind of thievery. 
"This take care of ya?" the old man asked, locking the cabinet with a heavy padlock. 
"I think so," Cricket said. He reached into the pocket of the jacket he had taken from the man outside Devin's house. There was a wallet and it was thick with cash. He gave the old man a fifty dollar bill. 
"Let me get some change for you," the old man said. 
"Don't worry about it," Cricket said, "Keep it. As a donation." 
The old man squinted his eyes at Cricket and said, "Son, you ain't got to do that."
"But I want to," Cricket said, "You have to work here all night?" 
"Every night," the old man said. 
"How can you do it?" Cricket asked, "Don't you get tired?" 
"Not that bad," the old man said, "Got my cards. A little liquor under the counter." 
"You have family?" Cricket asked, "Do you ever get to see them?" 
"Son, why are you asking me so many questions?" 
"Just curious," Cricket said, "Sorry. Have a good night." 
As he started towards the door, the old man said, "My wife. She's in a home. Been there six months. She can't remember a thing anymore. Thinks she's ten years old and living at her great aunt Sylvia's house. See, son, I spent sixty years sleeping with my wife in our bedroom at night. I can't do it no more. Not without her. So I work here at night and then I go home and I sleep on the couch. Or maybe curl up in my easy chair. But there's no way I'm sleeping in that bedroom without my Frances. That room was built for two people." 
Cricket considered this for a few moments. Without saying anything, he pulled five more fifty-dollar bills out of the wallet. He put the money on the counter and said, "Know that she loves you." 
He left the store and took the remaining three hundred dollars out of the wallet. About a hundred feet away from the general store, Cricket dropped the wallet in a trashcan and buried it beneath a pile of fast food wrappers and beer cans. 
Hunched over the trashcan, Cricket felt the air leave his lungs. A sharp pain drilled his temple, made his eyes water. His mouth shuddered voiceless whispers into the can. The pain, excruciating and hot, seemed to follow fracture lines across the circumference of his skull. It felt as though someone had jabbed a hot poker into the side of his head and then started wrenching it in wide circles. 
Then a voice, faint and delicate, tugged him back to reality.
"Mister Cricket?" 
He turned and saw Sadie standing in the center of the road. She trembled. 
"Sadie?" he asked, "What are you doing, girl? Why aren't you with your mom?" 
The girl's eyes widened and her mouth went slack for a moment. She gazed around at the night sky, glared at the ominous trees that each stood with one foot in the moonlight and one foot in the shadows. 
She reached for Cricket and asked, "Cricket, where am I?"

9.

"What are you doing out here, Sadie?" Cricket asked. Sadie was misplaced in this thick and heavy night, seemingly lost and stranded in the middle of the winding road. She gazed at Cricket, her eyes swimming in tears. 
"Where am I?" she asked. She slowly examined her surroundings and her face relaxed. She bore an expression of slow understanding. She said, "I was asleep in the back seat and then I woke up out here." 
Cricket reached toward her with one hand, "We’re in a state park, some camping grounds. Come on. Let’s get you back to your mom." 
"I’m sorry," she said, "I didn’t mean to do it. It just gets so confusing sometimes." 
"It’s okay," Cricket said, "You were sleep-walking. It happens. I’m just amazed your mom didn’t see you leaving. And you’re lucky you didn’t walk out into the water or the woods."
"No," she said, "You don’t understand. Mister Cricket, I didn’t sleep walk." 
She took the grocery bag out of his hand and carried it on her own. She let go of his hand and walked a few feet to his side. 
"Then how did you get here?" he asked her. 
"The same way you did," she whispered. 
"What do you mean? You just walked up here on your own?" 
"No," she said, "I mean I got here the same way you showed up in mom’s garden." 
He stopped walking and stared at her until she stopped and looked over her shoulder. Cricket felt a lump growing in the back of his throat. It felt like a balled fist trying to force its way up and out of his mouth. 
"I took the dream road," she said, "I used to do it all the time before I met Devin." 
"You met her? She’s your mom, right?" 
"Sure, but not really."
She sighed and rolled her eyes as if to tell him he needed to keep up with the conversation, "I was an orphan, Mister Cricket. She took me home. Like these groceries, you know? Why did you get lighter fluid?" 
"It’s for your uncle," Cricket said, "So, you were adopted?" 
"Yeah," she said, "When I was two or three. I think that was right after she married him."
"Taylor?"
"Yeah," Sadie said. 
"And what’s this dream road?" Cricket asked. 
"It’s up there," she said with a grin, pointing to the sky. Billions of distant stars shone dim light on her upturned face. "It’s pretty, even when it’s dark." 
"But what is it?" he asked. 
He was shocked by the desperation that had crept into his voice. Something prodded at the back of his mind and it screamed to know the answer. 
He tried to ask again, but in a more relaxed tone, "Sadie, what is it up there?" 
She thought about this for a few moments and then said, "It’s the world beside this one. You know, Mister Cricket, I figured you already knew all about this stuff."
"Why’s that?" he asked. 
"Because I saw you," she said, "I saw you appear out of thin air and fall in the garden. That’s why he wants us. That’s why Taylor is coming. He needs us so he can get home after he finishes hurting people. He needs us because we can travel."
Cricket couldn’t speak. 
Sadie smiled and said, "But it’s okay. I’ll keep your secret if you keep mine."
She walked away into the dark, heading towards the campground where her mother waited, and Cricket collapsed. His face slammed into the cold concrete, he let the music fill his mind, and he gasped as the side of his head seemed to explode.
The clouds came once again and he slept.

10.

The clouds never stayed together for long.
He could always fall asleep and watch them drift, a herd of white behemoths slowly wandering across the sky. The clouds never swirled or thinned. They were simply the same each time he saw them and they moved in the same direction. They crawled away as if drawn by the music that was whispered into his ear. He imagined some divine songstress guiding the clouds over the horizon, soothing them and laying them to sleep. And what entrancing images might their dreams contain?
His eyes sprung open and he struggled against the darkness. The dream had been so bright, so vivid, that his pupils were still trying to adjust to the sudden appearance of night. It was as if he had actually been staring into the sun-filled sky.
"Mister Cricket?" a voice asked.
"Sadie?" he mumbled. The sound of his own voice echoed in his head. His temple felt as if it had been slammed by a claw hammer.
"No, it’s me. It’s Devin," she said. Her face finally came into focus. He was on the ground, his back against the pavement, and Devin crouched over his torso. He saw the axe handle grasped by her squirming fingers. She tried to help him sit up, "We got worried. You’ve been gone for a while. Almost an hour. You’re lucky no one ran over you."
"I passed out," he said, "I’m sorry."
"Don’t be," she said as he got to his feet.
"Where’s your daughter?" he asked.
"She’s still asleep in the back seat ," Devin said, leaning on the axe like a gentleman’s cane.
"You’re positive?"
"I kissed her on the forehead before I came looking for you a few minutes ago," Devin said, "Why?"
"No reason," he said. His mind spun. Hadn’t he been talking to the girl right before he fell asleep? She had been telling him things, such strange things that they made his stomach twist even as he tried to remember what she had said. He bundled a fistful of his thoughts into something cohesive, "You never told me she was adopted."
Devin stared at him for a moment, "I never felt it was important." 
Cricket felt a confused smile cross his face. The expression undermined the wealth of emotion hidden just below it’s surface, "What if it’s the only thing that is important?"
"What does that mean? How do you know she’s adopted?"
Cricket shrugged and said, "Your daughter. Does she daydream very often? Play pretend for hours at a time?"
He had picked up the grocery bag and was headed down the road while Devin followed.
"She plays like kids do," Devin said, "What does that have to do with anything?"
"Maybe nothing," Cricket said, "I had a dream, I guess. A weird dream. I’ve had a lot of them since I met Sadie. Do you ever have them?"
She was silent for a moment, her footsteps the only noise besides a relentless symphony of hidden insects.
Devin cleared her throat, "From time to time."
"I have this one dream constantly. Same thing every time. Almost as quickly as I close my eyes, I can see this dream," Cricket said, "Have you ever heard of anything like that?"
He kept walking, but noticed her footsteps had ceased. He turned and looked over his shoulder. Devin stood motionless in the middle of the road, almost an exact duplication of how her daughter had seemed to appear to him only minutes ago.
"My God," she whispered, "She’s in your head, too."
Cricket was about to speak when the cold black silence was torn apart by a single scream.
"Mom!"
"Oh no," Devin said, shaking her head and running past Cricket towards the camp site.
Cricket broke into a sprint and followed.
Sadie screamed, "MOM!"

11.

She was alive. There was that much, at least.
"Stay back," Derrick said. 
At first Cricket thought the uncle was protecting his niece. Maybe the father had already found them and Derrick was protecting Sadie. Or perhaps it was less dramatic than that. Maybe some sort of rodent or feral animal had wandered into the camp.
But when Cricket rounded the corner and saw Derrick, the reality of the situation made his mind curl.
Derrick held Sadie in a headlock at his side. She sobbed and struggled to break free. Her blue Chicago Cubs hat lay on the ground at her feet.
"Derrick?" Devin asked. Her voice crackled with emotion.
"I said stay back," he growled, "Stay away, Devin."
"What are you doing?" she asked.
"What I have to," Derrick said, "He said to take her. So I’m doing it."
Cricket held Devin’s shoulders. She kept trying to rush forward, but Cricket knew it would be a mistake if she did.
"He said he’d pay me," Derrick said, "He said if I helped, he’d clear my name. All the debt, all the fines and fees. Student loans, credit cards. He’d get rid of them all. For her."
"Who? Who told you they’d do that?"
The word crawled from his mouth like a bloated, half-dead snake, "Victor Wyrm."
"Let her go," Cricket said, "She’s just a kid."
"No," Derrick said, "She’s more than that. She’s my ticket to freedom. I’ve got bills to pay, you know? Debt. And this is my way out."
“Who is Victor Wyrm?” Devin cried.
The words made Cricket snarl in disgust. Something about that name seemed to put him on the verge of remembering.
“He tells Taylor what to do,” Derrick said, “He made Taylor a commander in his army, Devin. Gave him power. Can give you power, too.”
"He won’t help you," Devin said, "Taylor’s a coward. He’ll use you like he uses everything."
"I don’t mind being used," Derrick said, "If it means I’m clean and clear, then he can use me all he wants. I don’t care."
Devin said, "Derrick, please. Don’t do this."
"She’s not even your daughter," Derrick said, "So get over it, Devin."
His eyes changed. Cricket saw it as soon as it happened. They weren’t human at all.
They were black as the night that surrounded them.
Cricket stepped forward. From what he could tell, there was no weapon involved with Derrick’s threat. Safe for Cricket, but not as safe for Sadie. One extraordinary twist of his arm and the girl was gone. Still, Cricket moved. He was slow. And he spoke in a soft voice.
"She’s right," he said.
“I know you,” Derrick said. Something in his voice seemed doubled, as if he spoke with two tongues. “The one on a mission. The Old Order sent you. To stop Jacob.”
"He won’t help you. Odds are, he’ll kill you. He’s a predator He works alone unless he needs something. Once you give him his prize, he’ll tear you apart."
"You don’t know what you’re talking about," Derrick said. His eyes were fluid and they seemed to melt out of their sockets. Black oil trickled down his cheeks.
"What’s wrong with your eyes, Derrick?" Devin said, "Good Lord, what is that?"
Images began to flicker through Cricket’s mind. A girl nearly Sadie’s size, screaming and swallowed alive by a puddle of black tar. A multitude of doorways to places where magic was real, a world beyond the one he recognized, all kept in balance by an ancient group of – what were they? Wizards? Yes, that was the most apt description. And with them he saw those who would protect the two worlds; they were vast animals that cut down the agents of chaos, like this person named Wyrm.
The realization came to him, though not in a way that he understood. The voice in the back of his mind spoke with confidence and used Cricket’s mouth to form the words. He was merely the vessel for thoughts that seemed not his own.
"I know who Taylor serves," Cricket said slowly and deliberately, "And I know what you are. And you must know that she loves you."
Mere feet kept the men apart.
"I don’t believe you," Derrick said. His entire body trembled, his lip quivered and the color left his flesh.
"Know that she loves you very much," Cricket whispered, "Because she could kill you now. But you’re still breathing."
Derrick’s arm loosened and the girl squirmed free. She stepped away and stared at her uncle as she took Cricket’s hand. Devin had moved closer and reached for her daughter.
"I," Derrick said. He stared at his hands, clasped them shut and then spread them open. "I’m sorry, Sadie. I’m so sorry. He’s here. Taylor knows where we are."
Derrick collapsed to his knees and picked up the Cubs hat. Sadie moved forward and said, "It’s okay, Uncle Derrick. It’s not your fault."
"But it is," he said, fitting the baseball cap on Sadie’s head. Black sludge dripped from his cheek and splattered on the cold pavement. “And it started so many years ago. I’m so sorry!”
The girl placed her palms on Derrick’s eyes. There was a sound, a sort of misshapen harmony that filled the air. Sadie whispered something and then moved her hands away. The black oil was gone from Derrick’s eyes. But so were his pupils and retinas. Each eyeball was entirely white like porcelain wiped clean with a cloth.
"Don’t be sad," she said.
He sobbed and smiled, "Thank you."
Devin clutched Cricket’s shoulder, gasping uncontrollably for breath that seemed unable to reach her lungs. She glanced at Cricket.
"We need to talk," he said. 

12.

"She’s not really my daughter," Devin said, "You know that."
"She told me," Cricket said, "When I found her standing in the middle of the road. Like she was lost."
"She sleep-walks," Devin said. There was finality in the tone of her voice.
"This was more than sleep walking," Cricket said.
Devin sighed and stared at her daughter through the passenger window. Sadie and Derrick sat next to one another on one side of an uneven picnic table. Sadie held an arm over her uncle’s hunched shoulders. He sobbed into his hands, his eyes bulbs of blank white with only the slightest trace of what had once been his pupils and corneas. From inside the SUV, Sadie’s reassuring voice was almost too soft to hear. She patted her uncle’s arm and said, "It’s okay. Don’t cry, Uncle Derrick. It’s alright."
"She’s special," Devin said, still gazing at her daughter, "So different. You can’t understand."
"I’m beginning to get an idea."
Devin took a deep breath, "They told me I could never have a kid. I was in an accident during high school. Fell on a pile of old boards behind my dad’s work shed. A piece of wood sliced right into my belly. I was lucky to even survive, but my insides were ruined. They told me I could never have a kid. You know how hard that is? To have that one miraculous ability stolen from you?"
Her hands shook as she continued, "So Taylor and I chose to adopt. It took months of paper work. Two years after we married and we finally went to the orphanage in St. Louis. She was the first girl we saw. She smiled at me, as if she trusted me more than anyone else in the world, and I knew. I just knew she was going to live with us. She had a friend there, Greta, and I wished we could have them both. But she was going to another family. So we took Sadie as our own.
"Almost immediately after we brought her home, things started to get complicated. Sadie would fall asleep in the afternoon or early evening. I’d take her to bed and I would see her sleeping there beneath her covers. Then I’d go and do dishes or work in our garden. Out of the corner of my eye, I would see her standing there. She just smiled, never said a thing. But even as I approached her, she would disappear. Literally vanish before my eyes. That sounds crazy, even to me, but it’s true. She just blinked out of sight. I panicked the first few times and I thought I was going insane. But each time, I found her sleeping in her bedroom. Peaceful and quiet."
"So, what? She was teleporting?" Cricket asked.
The voice in the back of his head said, You know the truth.
"I don’t know what you’d call it. For all I know, she did the same thing you did when you ended up in our garden," Devin said, "I never saw her disappear from one place and go to another. I’d always find her somewhere, almost like a vision. But when I went to check on her, she was always asleep. I don’t know how she did it, like being in two places at once. And I never got used to it."
"Did she know what she was doing?" Cricket asked, "Did she realize she was doing something extraordinary?"
"It’s hard to say. She drew pictures, and they were so vivid and complicated for such a little girl. They were long and winding roads hidden in cotton clouds. Skies that seemed to be filled with cityscapes. She called these places her dream roads," Devin said with a slight smile, "She said they were her safe places. Where she went to get away from the shadows, whatever they are."
"She mentioned dream roads when she appeared to me earlier," Cricket said, "Do you know what it means?"
Devin shook her head and said, "I don’t know what any of it means. She’s a child, my child, and she’s such a mystery. But I don’t mean that in a bad way. It’s the kind of mystery you don’t want to solve, the kind that makes you feel young, the kind of mystery that makes you believe in magic and fairy tales, you know?"
The voice whispered, Our people have faith in the unknown, belief in the unseen. This is the way of the Old Order.
Cricket tried to suppress the voice, but it was impossible. It was like having a second person standing in some small corner of his subconscious. And now, behind that voice, there was the soft but ominous sound of music. It was happening again.
"She gets inside your mind, I think," Devin said, "It’s insane, but I think she can get in your mind. And she can make you feel so inferior; not like she’s mocking you, but just because she seems to have all this wisdom. You felt it, didn’t you? Like she’s wise beyond her years? She talks to me sometimes and I forget she’s my daughter. Sometimes, it’s like I’m talking to a college professor or a shaman."
"So, is Taylor after her because of all this? Because she’s so different?" Cricket asked.
"Taylor changed after we adopted her," Devin said, "He never really treated her like a daughter. He was always angry that I couldn’t conceive and adopting her never seemed to sit right with him. Only a few months after we brought Sadie home, he treated her like an outsider for a while. Then he started to treat her like she was intruding on the family’s affairs. Like she was trying to harm us. He got mean."
She paused and closed her eyes, "He contradicted anything Sadie said. He was malicious. He called her names, hid her toys. When I wasn’t home, he locked her in the closet or kept her in the garage while he listened to loud music. She never tried to fight back. I think that made him act even worse, like he needed to prove that he could break her. Then one day, he attacked. Threw a pitcher of coffee across the room at her, like he was playing with water balloons. It exploded on the wall beside her head and a few pieces of glass got stuck in her shoulder. When she started crying, he slapped her. I left him, put restraining orders against him. But somehow, he keeps turning up. He has friends, people who will do whatever he wants. Cops, lawyers, doctors. They do his bidding somehow. It’s like he mesmerizes them."
She took another deep breath and held it for a moment, "He’s not my husband anymore. He’s changed. He’s like some short-sighted animal, starving and closing in on his prey. All he wants is to kill us. He’ll kill Sadie and then he’ll kill me."
"His first name isn’t Taylor," Cricket said, "Am I right?"
Images rushed through his mind, memories from a time before the garden, relics of another realm. Faces and names and events that he could not remember or relish or even scorn. They were obscured, smudged and crawling with wet melted paint so he couldn’t understand his own past. Then one image stuck. It was the photograph he’d taken from his pocket after waking up in the garden. And with the photo, there was the word BOJAC.
"It’s Jacob," Devin said.
"I think I know why I’m here," Cricket said, his mind straining to fight the music. The world was going thin, sideways. Inside out. The space between Devin and himself grew cavernous. The interior of the SUV drifted away and the universe spun.
Helpless as the music took him, and as the pain in the side of his head blazed into existence, Cricket made one final promise.
"I’ll stop him." 

13.

The dream came, but it was wrong.
This time, it seemed everything had been infected. It was not his own. It was as if he saw with the vision of a beast, how a killer might see the world through a haze of lust and insanity. The clouds looked like blood-drenched balls of cotton. The music anticipated each time his eyes closed was replaced by the sound of screams, a chorus of agony that seemed to swim all around his head. In the distance, Cricket could see the vague shape of city, blackened by dusk and writhing in waves of heat. 
He knew somewhere in that city was the horrible man responsible for everything.
You’ll never find me, a voice spoke. It was not the voice that had guided him for so long. There was a malignancy in this voice, a cancerous hatred that tried to burrow into Cricket's mind. You will burn and everything you know will die.
Cricket tried to sit up, but his hands and feet were bound. Stretching his neck and peering sideways, he saw skeletal hands that had erupted from the ruined earth and wrapped themselves around his wrists. More hands clutched his feet and knees. Some of these half-dead hands dug into his flesh with crooked and stained finger nails.
"You won't get the girl," Cricket said. Here, his mind was itself. The voice he had followed was the very same that left his mouth now. It was strong, decisive, and confident.
The girl will die like all the others, emptied and discarded. You know there's no way to stop it. And once I’ve found them all, our worlds will merge.
"You're wrong," Cricket said, but his name was not Cricket. He knew his name in this place. He remembered the past, his own true past, and he remembered the places he'd seen. What he had glimpsed for seconds while talking to Derrick was now pieced together. There were two worlds, two different realities, and they each held their own powerful secrets. The girl also knew this, at least while she was asleep. She was an orphan, one of the many special children dispatched throughout the two worlds in order to ensure that chaos would never again gain the upper hand. Her life mattered more than most.
She was a child of the Old Order.
And Cricket, also known at one time in her world as Michael, was her soul's protector. True, he had been misplaced for a time, but now his duties were to be fulfilled. His fate was to be realized. Destiny was a wheel; it spun over and over, trampling as it moved forward.
"You're afraid to kill her," Cricket said, "You're a coward. The old beast that controls you is just as hungry for your blood as you are for hers. Wyrm, along with his own master, just wants her power; when it’s gone, he’ll turn on you. You’re all animals and you have no loyalty. The cycle will go on until the last monster sits alone and starving."
No, soldier, the other voice said, When she dies, your world, your precious Blue Aerth, will be one soul closer to falling. And Wyrm will enjoy yet another pang of vengeance as your beloved humanity is lost. He does not simply seek blood. 
He seeks retribution.
"And I told you," Cricket said, recognizing his voice for these final fleeting moments and remembering the child who had sent him on this journey in the first place. So long ago, so many roads traveled and so many lives lost for the sake of one child. So many sacrifices beneath the relentless wheels of fate.
"You won't get the girl," he said, "I know who you are. And I'll stop you."
The dream dissolved. 
But the world wore on. 

14.

Cricket's eyes peeled open. The dream, so black and sick compared to the ones he had experienced earlier, was vivid and fresh in his memory. He shook his head and gazed around the SUV. The vehicle was empty. His eyes burned and he could barely breathe. Smoke billowed from beyond the back seat, filling the car with sick black arms that tried to reach into his throat and dive into his lungs.
His hands were bound, as were his feet. But he could move from side to side. Whoever had done this to him had not thought to bind his feet to the pedals on the floorboard. Or they had not expected him to wake up so soon.
Rolling sideways so his back was arched across the console between the front seats, Cricket pressed his feet against the driver's side window. He gnashed his teeth and tried to ignore the thick rolls of smoke that poured from the back of the vehicle. 
"I will stop him," he muttered as he began kicking at the window, "Stop him. I will stop him."
The words continued to spill from his mouth as he slammed his feet against the window. After three attempts, he finally broke through the glass. Sunlight shone into the car and tried to slice through the heavy smoke. 
It was day, now. Early morning and the sun was still hiding behind the trees. He'd been unconscious for some time.
Sliding through the broken window was the hard part. Falling to the ground was quite easy. He lay still for a moment and stared at the sky. No clouds. Only a blue canvas, deep and powerful. But it wasn't his sky. It wasn't the sky from his good dreams.
The ropes around his wrists and ankles had been tied carelessly. Realizing now how ineffective these restraints had been, he easily freed himself and stood next to the SUV, his face engulfed in a shaft of smoke that erupted from the broken window. He peered into the back of the SUV and saw his greatest fear come true. The source of the flames was a human body, twisted and nearly gone. 
Too large to be Sadie, too large to even be Devin. 
"Derrick," Cricket said, his voice reduced to a whisper, "I'm sorry."
Already, the flames had danced to the front of the vehicle and engulfed the passenger's seat. That sordid smoke tumbled out of the broken window and towered overhead. Someone would notice this spectacle soon, if they hadn't already. It was time to move, time to find the girl and her mother.
Cricket wandered up the road and noticed the general store's door stood open, its glass panes shattered and in piles on the ground. Even in this early daylight, Cricket could see the flickering of some half-destroyed fluorescent lights within the store. Things had gone wrong.
He broke into a partial-sprint. Closing the distance between himself and the store, Cricket slowed and expected to see one of Taylor's henchmen surveying the mess inside. As he approached the gaping door, he realized that Taylor's grunt, and it would seem Taylor himself, was nowhere to be found. But the store was obviously in ruins and the air hung heavy with the odor of gunpowder.
He stepped into the store, careful to be as silent as possible, and felt his heart dive into the pit of his stomach. There had definitely been a struggle. Bullet holes speckled two of the far walls and various pieces of merchandise had been caught in some ill crossfire. At the middle of one aisle was a pile of potato chips and cookies, shattered from an errant gunshot. Spilled tomato sauce here, a pool of mustard swimming with pieces of foam from a destroyed beer cooler.
He rounded the final aisle and saw the old man lying in the corner. His chest raised and lowered as he drew quick breaths. The old man's eyes moved before his head turned, locking eyesight with Cricket.
"Got a girl," the old man said, never blinking or wincing as he spoke, "Got a girl and her mother. Both of them was crying and hysterical. He came in here babbling about his master, told him there was only one master and his name was Christ. He didn't like that."
The old man smiled and a cough left his mouth instead of a laugh, "No, didn't like that a bit. Started causing trouble. Slapped the girl around and I gladly showed him my pistol. He didn't like that, either. But then he changed."
Cricket knelt beside the old man, examining the many wounds that crossed his frail body. The injuries were gaping, like something had slashed at him. A relentless animal. Cruel and unhinged.
"Never seen a thing like it," the old man said, his eyes widening. He seemed to stare past Cricket, "Eyes were black. Like burnt wood shoved in where his eyes ought to be. His teeth grew, his skin got thin and pale."
He paused and shook his head, "Good Lord, son, what a mess. He threw me around like a ragdoll. He took them, the girl and mother. Headed up the road on foot, dragging them along. It was like he had them in a trance. They didn't really fight, but they didn't really go with him. They were just there for the ride."
Cricket searched for a telephone and said, "I'll call help for you."
"No," the old man said, "Not a chance. Look here, son. He was dressed like a cop. He was one of them."
Cricket held the phone in his hand, thought about dialing for help. But he decided against it. If this monster Taylor could get Devin's own family to work for him, he would surely have control over the police. He wasn't just a man in a police uniform. 
He was much worse, much more.
"He wasn't a real police officer," Cricket said, "But I won't call. I'll give you the phone."
"Best that way," the old man said, "But could you dial a number for me?"
"Sure," Cricket said.
He told Cricket the numbers and then struggled to lean his head into the phone as Cricket backed away.
"Hello?" the old man said, "Is Frances Franklin available? No, this is Herbert. Her husband."
Cricket started away, but the old man gestured for him to stay, "Frances? Good morning, darling. Do you know who this is?"
There was a moment of uneasy silence, broken sporadically by the old man's strained breaths.
His eyes grew wide and a smile uncurled across his face. He winked at Cricket and nodded, "Yes, Frances. This is Herbert. Yes, that's right! We're married."
Herbert talked into the phone until there was no breath left in his lungs. He lay in the corner, smiling and clutching the phone in one hand while Cricket searched the store. He had been correct in his assumption that Herbert would have weapons hidden all over the general store. It seemed, however, that the old man had used most of his ammunition in trying to stop Taylor.
He was about to leave the store when something caught his eye.
At the edge of the counter, on the floor below the register, there was a small baseball cap. It was blue and on the front was a large red C. It was Sadie's Cubs hat. He picked it up and noticed something else.
The axe handle was here. Whether it had been dropped or thrown was impossible to know, but it was unmistakable with all the inscriptions and scratches and the old tape wrapped around the handle. 
Cricket took the old axe handle and he walked.
He walked the road in search of a monster. 

15.

His mind tore at itself.
A multitude of vaguely familiar images flooded his thoughts as he walked the edge of the road. Memories, as if stolen from someone else's life and inserted into his own. Every few minutes, he paused and gripped the side of his head, wincing as cold nails bore through the surface of his skull. Then they vanished and his vision cleared. This happened in waves as he walked.
Using the old axe handle as a makeshift cane, he lumbered up a medium sized hill and at the peak, standing on the asphalt and shielding the early sun with his free hand, he saw activity ahead. The chatter of voices, some adult and some young, rose through the air like tendrils of smoke. At the base of the other side of this sloping road was a flat and open area filled with cars and trucks and tiny shops covered by tarps. At the far end of this clearing was a small stage where a group of children sang some sparkling country western tune while the music was pumped through a few old speakers positioned at either side of the lip of the stage.
Cricket closed his eyes and listened.
He tried to zero in on what might be Sadie's voice, or the sound of her mother sobbing. There was nothing.
The voice at the back of his head, the voice that belonged to his own body but was trapped in all those lost memories, spoke softly, a mere whisper that managed to echo through his mind.
The monster can hide, the voice said, It can make people think or see whatever it wants. That's the power of a killing beast.
"It won't hide," Cricket said aloud, "I'll tell them he’s here. That he's killed and that he'll kill again."
He can make them turn on you.
"I'll make him turn on himself."
The voice went silent.
Curtains of green foliage enveloped the road on the way down the hill. Tree branches hung over the pavement and cast angled shadows along the ground.
You know the monster you face?
Cricket considered this as he made his way down the road, "The worst kind. The kind that would use love to kill."
He will kill the mother first, the voice said, And the girl will watch. If this happens, hope is gone.
Silence, save for the chatter below and the wind shaking through the trees.
It is poison for the girl to watch, the voice said, She will give up and this world will fall apart.
"How do I find him?" Cricket asked.
Draw him out. Goad him. Like any animal, he succumbs to the temptation of the feast and fight. You and the girl are the only ones who will see him for what he is until the curse is lifted. Once the others see, he will be weak. And then you take him.
"And the curse? How do I break it?"
The voice of Michael told the mind of Cricket how this task should be carried out. It was simple. It was the only way he could have imagined it might happen.
She must remember her true name.
The crowd grew. Cars pulled into the roped-off parking areas, children laughed and played games while adults browsed the various crafts tents. It was a small festival, though the purpose was lost to Cricket. Signs proclaimed that this was some sort of local tradition. He wandered into the melee of cheerful shoppers and excited kids even as remnants of smoke from the burning SUV up the road drifted through the air unnoticed.
They had all been mesmerized.
He wants it to happen here, the voice said, Once he kills the mother and the world begins to dissolve, he will feed on all the poor souls trapped in this park.
Cricket listened for the girl, tried to hear her voice, breath, heartbeat. There was nothing.
"It's too late," Cricket whispered.
Not yet, the voice said.
On the small stage was a new group of children, three girls and a little boy, who were obviously siblings. They tap-danced to a musical number and parents applauded from their lawn chairs. Someone had begun serving corndogs and soda.
The music began to fade and the siblings rushed off the stage, taking bows and laughing at the applause they had gained.
A thin man in a pin-striped suit walked to the center of the stage and said, "Let's hear it for the Walker children! Lots of talent in those feet, kids! Great job. These contestants are making this the best talent show we've had in years! Now, we've got another act about to come on stage. This one is a doozy."
His voice dove into a lower register as he said this last word. The audience laughed.
"Put your hands together for Mister J & The Lady Dolls!"
Devin, dazed and apparently under some sort of trance, wandered onto the stage. The audience cheered. Following behind her was Sadie, hands bound behind her back. She sobbed and screamed for the audience to help. Instead, they laughed and hooted and whistled. Cricket could only imagine the strange song and dance routine the monster had somehow tricked the audience into seeing instead of this atrocity.
Then Jacob made his entrance.
Cricket's fingers tightened around the axe handle. 

16.

The Jacob that Cricket saw was no longer human. He vaguely resembled a man, but only if that man had been sketched by some infantile demon. His back was hunched and seemed to be covered in oddly-angled protrusions that pressed against an old police uniform, his arms were disproportionately long, his knuckles nearly touched the ground. Bones, jagged and rotting, protruded from festering wounds.
And his eyes were lost in two oceans of surging black sludge.
Cricket stepped forward as Jacob raised a hand towards Devin. The mother, unaware of her attacker, simply stared into oblivion.
"Stop!" Cricket screamed, raising the axe handle over his head.
The audience members turned their heads and glared at him. One old man said, "Shut up! We're watching the show!"
More importantly, the thing called Jacob turned its head and gazed at Cricket with those black eyes. It was as if shadows filled the cavities where his eyes should be, and they moved constantly, shifting like liquid smoke in his eye sockets. That smoking shadow drifted out away from his face and dissipated like mist as he glared at Cricket.
"You don't fool me, monster," Cricket said.
Three barrel-chested men rose from their seats and now approached Cricket.
"Sir," one of them said, "You need to calm down."
"He's not what you think," Cricket said, "He's here to kill."
Another of the large men said, "Mister, you're ruining my kid's birthday present."
The men rushed him and Cricket moved, this time in control of every action. His hands and body moved in coordination with his mind as the men tried to assault him. He brought each one to the ground without killing them. More people had begun to approach him.
Jacob stood at the edge of the stage, now more concerned with Cricket than with the woman and her daughter.
"I'll fight them all if I have to," Cricket said, "We'll do this all day until I get to you. You're the one I want. Do you sense it in me? I'll kill you as I've killed your kind for years. I serve the Old Order."
The thing called Jacob lifted its misshapen head and roared. The audience cheered and began chanting the creature's name. Jacob smiled. It took a step away from the edge of the stage, then leapt. It landed in the midst of the audience, knocking several people from their chairs. They didn't seem to mind, despite broken bones and gaping wounds. The audience continued to cheer as the beast rushed towards Cricket with inhuman agility.
"I've come for you," Cricket said, "Now we finish this."
In a single moment, the fragmented memories came together. For mere seconds, Cricket glimpsed his life as a whole, the many worlds he had traveled and the many lives he had interrupted in search of this very moment. He was an agent of good, but not necessarily of any deity that humans might worship; and he served no Devil that they may fear. He belonged to the Old Order and he helped maintain the boundaries between the myriad realities. His was an existence outside of the universe itself.
For a moment, he clearly saw his purpose. And it changed him.
The monster, now growing and tearing out of its human skin, spoke to him in the gibberish of its kind. The voice was guttural, offensive, angry. There was no reason behind the creature's actions. Its kind had no motivation but to destroy everything; the greater evil had simply used this beast as a means to an end. Killing the girl would doom this world, this entire reality, because the creature’s masters knew she was also from the order of beings beyond humanity.
But she was supposed to be hidden.
Until now.
The awful creature swung and batted at Cricket, who moved easily enough and escaped the blows. But time was short. Already, men and women were beginning to step forward from the crowds in the park. Their eyes were black, filled with the same unbearable sludge that filled Jacob's own eyes. He controlled them for now, and soon they would pounce upon the girl and her mother.
"Don't deny this, soldier," the creature growled. The words were barely discernible.
"I won't let you or your master have her," Cricket said. They traded blows and tumbled to the ground, the beast sitting on Cricket's chest.
"She will die," the creature said, "And you will die. And then they will all die. The darkness will swallow everything and we will feast in eternal night. Wyrm has promised this much."
"I can destroy you," Cricket said.
The beast stood and held Cricket in the air by one arm. He looked like an old rag doll about to be thrown to the trash.
"You are a liar," the creature said.
"She doesn't know who she is," Cricket said, "But I can help her."
The beast used its free hand to pick up the axe handle. Without speaking, it struck Cricket on the side of the head with the fat end of weapon. Fire and ice seemed to pour into Cricket's temple as he collapsed on the ground. Blood stained the side of his face, ran down the side of his neck and soaked his clothing.
The beast walked through the audience, pushing or throwing various spectators aside. The humans seemed oblivious to the slaughter they endured.
Cricket spoke with his true voice, "Sadie. Your name. Say your name."
The girl, who simply gazed into the distance, said, "Sadie."
"Your true name! Girl, tell him your true name!"
He felt weak, his legs wouldn't respond to his thoughts. He crawled after the beast and screamed at the girl.
"My name is Sadie," the girl said, still staring at nothing in particular.
Cricket slammed a fist on the ground and whispered, "What is your name when you travel the dream roads? What is does the Old Order call you?"
The beast stopped. It turned and looked over one shoulder at Cricket.
And there was fear in its face.
The girl's eyes blinked twice and she tilted her head to the sky, smiling and seeming to absorb the sunlight that poured over her.
"My name is Andourra."
The beast called Jacob screamed in terror as a brilliant white light engulfed the little girl on the stage. Jacob's curse lifted and everyone saw the true monster. The man, Jacob, fell motionless to the ground, now separate from the parasitic demon. The beast, enormous and enraged and pulsating with undone fury, tried to escape the intense light. But there was no use.
The light took the beast, dissolved it where it stood. 
The voice of Michael spoke in Cricket’s head, Where once there was shadow there shall be light.
"Somebody call an ambulance!" a middle aged man cried. He stood next to Cricket, who had collapsed on his back. The blood poured from the side of his head and he clutched the compass in his pocket.
He remembered this. He had been here before.
Here was his sky, perfectly blue and so deep that he couldn't imagine what might hide beyond. Clouds drifted from west to east, full and purposeful. And the music, which played through the poor sound system set up for the talent show, trickled into his ears. It was the song he had dreamt of so many times before. A sentimental journey, the voice in the speakers sang, a sentimental journey home.
He knew the mother would not be alone. Her husband would heal and return in time, and they would have children of their own. Their lives would be restored.
But Sadie was gone.
No.
Sadie was home. And, more to the point, she knew her name.
A voice, strong and confident, filled his head. This voice had once belonged to a frightened little girl. Now it belonged to a grown woman, a leader and warrior of the stars, born of the sky and dedicated to the teachings of the Old Order.
Thank you, soldier, the woman's voice whispered, You can go home, too.
And Cricket traveled.

Traveler’s Lament

I can’t believe it’s been so long.
How many years have I missed?

I can’t remember the places I’ve seen,
only the faces that crawl, 
all the hands that give me this curse,
artifacts from a broken world.

Take it. 
Take it, please.

Journey between the skies,
lost between the eyes.

The sun is a god that won’t stop staring.
The world grows teeth
and now I’m gone.

The sun is a god that won’t stop staring.

Drifting away 
and now I’m gone.

Lost in the eyes
and now I’m gone.

Black Dirt
2009

The things which I have seen I now can see no more.
- William Wordsworth

This is the story of dirt.
I sit and stare at the rotting mounds behind the house. A bird cackles like a lunatic above me, watching over my shoulder as the piles of dirt do a slow dance into the earth. It’s a sluggish process, and most people would have a hard time staying here. Most people wouldn’t be able to sit on a stump and watch the dirt crawl down into the swollen bowels of mud and rock.
But I’m special. 
I have no nerves because I died and he says I can withstand the agony of time. It’s a blessing, he says. It’s a miracle.
“You can let us out,” one mound sings. The sound is softened, blanketed by layers of dead old things.
They always talk before the black dirt comes, carrying on hopeless conversations with themselves until the muscles in their tongues can’t move and the air in their lungs is damp. Their lips wriggle like worms on a rainy day, then there is the dirt.
He says I don’t have to listen. I have no nerves, so it doesn’t bother me. Even the sound of raging, hateful dirt doesn’t hurt my ears. They are dead, too.
I met him when I died. Fixing the roof is always dangerous, but when I tried to patch a hole near the chimney of my house, lightning fell out of the sky like a dragon’s tongue and licked my head, sucked the life out of each living thing in my skull. He talked to me with the voice of the storm and he said I was supposed to make dirt. I asked if he was a god.
He said he was going to change things, that gods and men were only different because the gods wanted to keep the power to themselves. He said it was time to stir the pot. Time to open doors. His name is Wyrm.
He asked me to help.
The sign in front of my house says BLACK DIRT FOR SALE. People can buy bait here, too. You put a sign up that says something is for sale, people will come to buy whatever you’re offering. So people come to the shop, people buy things.
But some people don’t always leave.
He says they’re special.
I have no nerves and that’s fine with me. I died on the roof and fell to the earth to make dirt for the voice in the storm. What goes in the ground comes out as something else. 
He tells me it’s like watching a caterpillar turn into a butterfly. Only what comes out of the earth can’t just fly; it can make the world different. That’s what He says.
“You have to let us out,” the second mound says, but the words are choked with rotten things becoming soil. The stuff from the bottom of an unfinished can of beans, the slop after a big dinner, a few curling banana peels and some flesh that doesn’t seem quite ready to turn. 
The second mound croons, “What you’re doing is wrong. You can’t get away with this.” The sound is like a goat trying to talk with a mouthful of stones. 
I listen and smile. 
I love this muffled poetry of mud.
But I have no nerves, so love doesn’t mean much to me. Love is a thing that makes a person have sex, or it makes a person hate someone else so much that they can’t stand to look at the poor bastard without spitting venom, or sometimes love makes a person kill because emotions are just weapons. He told me this, and I believe every word. The Voice of the Storm knows about killing, and it knows about weapons. He knows about killing because this is the Gospel of the Storm as told by Victor Wyrm. 
A customer’s ringing the bell at my front counter. He’s a fat fisherman, sweating and stinking of cigar smoke and liquor. He smiles at me, and even through the window that leads to the garden behind the shop, I can see the yellow stains on his teeth and the globs of this morning’s breakfast clinging to the corner of his mouth. His fingers are like raw sausage links drumming at at the small silver bell.
“Fine day,” I say, walking to the front counter and listening to the floor boards groan, “Gone be a good day for fishin.”
He nods, “Sure is. Came all the way from St. Louis for this trip. My buddies and I are headed to Montauk. Saw the sign on the road, thought I’d stop in. How much for bait?”
I never know who will stay, who will join the dance of earth and dirt and rotting things. He says it is not my job to judge. It is my job to wait and listen. Wait for the word, the voice of the black storm; so I smile at the fisherman. He’s holding a container of worms, breathing heavily and grinning like he knows something extraordinary, as if he understands the power of the creatures in that plastic tub.
The fisherman places the cup of worms on the counter and then wanders to the front of the shop. Everything in this building is fake, that’s what the voice tells me at night. The shirts and rods and camping supplies. It’s all fake because it doesn’t matter, now. It’s like the bait the fisherman will put on his line to lure hungry fish out of hiding. 
As he browses the clothing near the front of the store, I hear the voice of the storm. He is hungry.
I’ve always wondered how he knows. How does the voice of the storm know who will stay? What makes a person special? 
I say, “You prob’ly gone need more bait. I hear they’re bitin like a bunch of hungry sumbitches. ‘Sides, those worms’re old. Let’s get you some fresh ones. Get you some free beers, too. If you’re thirsty.”
He turns over his shoulder and nods. He says, “Sure thing.”
As I go to the back door, he follows. It’s so easy to lead a thirsty calf away from the herd. Just show him the water, promise a drink. 
The mounds are quiet now, finally silenced by the guilt and grime of my hard work. The fisherman doesn’t even know what’s happening when he steps onto the grass behind the house. The mouth of the storm opens through me, teeth and tongue and throat. A week ago, I would have been terrified by this moment. But I died, I have no nerves, and I have no soul. I am a conduit for the voice of the storm, I am a bag of death slowly turning into the very dirt upon which I stand. The only way the worms of the world can connect to each other is through dying and returning to the most basic of things. 
Grow and die, grow and die. This is the breath of existence, and the storm keeps the cycle churning steadily. 
The side of the fisherman’s head is soft against the steel shovel, giving way like a melon succumbs easily to a knife. He stumbles, grappling for something to steady himself. And the earth is ready to consume, ready to gorge itself on this new participant in the storm’s relentless game. The gaping mouth of the earth was ready before the fisherman even arrived, prepared and waiting to eat.
I stare at the fisherman as he is swallowed by the soil. Quickly, I help with the dripping shovel, toss dirt onto his face. He still pleads, still sings the soft songs of Why and Please and Help. A little mud in the mouth and the singing stops. 
This is my creation in honor of the storm. He gave me the power of conclusion and took away my power of humanity. Now I create things, take from the chaos of life and contribute to the silence of ending, the silence of snuffed worlds and blackened suns. The voice of the storm knows that silence is golden. It is the way of his kind, and the way of the dirt. Millions of shifting, trembling eyes look to me as a savior; I feed them what they need and provide the silence that soothes their alien appetites. I have no nerves, so the silence means little to me. Only the praise of the storm brings comfort.
“Hello?” one of the other fishermen says from within the store. I see him through the yellowed window in the back door. His shoulders are broad like a soldier’s, nearly bursting from the seams of his plaid button down shirt. 
His eyes lock with mine and he says, “You seen our friend?”
I smile, “Just picking up some fresh bait here. You want some, too?”
He shrugs and heads to the back of the store.
“What’s your name?” I ask.
He smiles and says, “Jacob.”
The voice of the storm speaks to me. 
This is the story of dirt.

Soldier Creek
1993

“. . .a man is not completely born until he be dead:  Why then should we grieve that a new child is born among the immortals?” - Benjamin Franklin

1.

She was supposed to be happy.
Days like this, when there were normally parties and candy and balloons, these were the days that grew smiles and bred laughter. It was her birthday. She was thirteen years old. This was her day and it was supposed to make her happy.
It had been stolen from her.
"Get me a beer," her mother's boyfriend said, "And damn it, don't shake it up."
She did as he demanded, knowing that this silent obedience was nothing natural. She liked to sing, loved to dance as she walked from room to room. But on these days when her mother left her alone with Garret, there was no music. He sat on the old couch and watched television in his underwear while she merely existed. He was no caretaker as her mother would believe; Garret was a sponge.
"Scratch the beer," he said, "Give me that leftover steak."
She returned the can of Gold Star beer to the fridge. The steak was still on the counter, cold and sitting in a pool of its own pinkish blood.
"Cut it up," he called from the living room, "Small pieces, how I like it."
She cut the steak. More blood spilled from the incisions, decorating the plate like some misguided hand-painting. Before he could tell her to do so, she poured a generous amount of steak sauce over all the pieces.
He ate the steak cubes, gummed them and chewed with the few good teeth in his mouth. She didn't know what kind of drug he took, nor did she know how often he took it. But she knew it had rotted him in ways that were irreversible. The things he did to himself had broken him from within, and only after all those internal things had rotted did he begin to show signs of decay on the outside. His hair thinned, his skin was pale and seemed to hang off his bones. His eyes never seemed focused, as if they'd each gone insane and were trying to escape his head. And then his teeth had come out.
She wondered sometimes if her mother didn't expect her to take care of him, instead. Maybe he was the one who needed help. He was the child.
In the dim and sideways light of early evening, she sat on a stained futon mattress and pretended this was her dream, hoped that she might finally wake up and enjoy the colorful party that had been thrown in her honor. She prayed to open her eyes and find herself in the midst of a birthday to remember.
"Happy birthday," they would yell and the smell of fresh cake would fill the room.
Children would laugh, parents would smile.
And everyone would chant, "Happy birthday, Esther."

2.

Garret was asleep. He was passed out on the couch as if he'd spent all day fighting some enormous opponent and exhausted himself. But the truth was that he had merely sat there from the moment Esther's mother left, leaving an even deeper impression on the cushions as he gorged on whatever happened to be in the kitchen. Mostly leftover steak and beer, with the occasional handful of potato chips to liven things up a bit.
Careful not to make any noise, Esther took a book from the small shelf beside the couch and she slipped out of the house.
It was her birthday and, if only for an hour or so, she would do what she wanted.
The air was crisp today and the sky was filled with deep curls of clouds. On the southwestern horizon was a gray wall that approached so slowly, it was easy to ignore the possibility that a storm might interrupt the afternoon. It was okay, though. She liked the rain. She enjoyed the heavy cold that filled the air, the way it made her lungs tighten just a little. She liked to watch the clouds grow and form faceless behemoths in the sky moments before the storm let loose.
Soldier Creek was only fifteen minutes away from her mother's trailer home. It was an easy walk and she liked the scenery along the way. Only a few minutes away from the creek was a snaking mound of grass and weeds. It looked like the remnants of a giant mole's tunnel, slithering across the landscape and disappearing over a hill to the north. It was, of course, no such thing. What she referred to as Soldier Snake was really the overgrown remains of an abandoned railroad from years before she was even born. She'd read in a book that the railroad was supposed to have put Mason's Post on the map. And in a good way. Not as a place to avoid because people tended to disappear or change when they entered the city limits. The railroad was supposed to bring business, wealth, happiness to a town that was known more for its tragedies than its successes.
In yet another book, Esther had read that Soldier Creek was not even named after a real soldier. It was named for a man and his wife who had died during some dramatic ordeal during the Civil War. She never finished that book, but she did know that the story involved love and greed and betrayal. And now, over a century later, Soldier Creek twisted through Mason's Post and trailed off to the south, disappearing in a series of underground springs near Arkansas. It seemed a noble name, Soldier Creek, but its origin was less than noble. At least she knew that much.
She shrugged this thought away and continued towards the creek. Far away thunder shook the earth. She looked to the west and gazed at the growing wall of clouds. 
"Let it rain," she whispered, then stomped deeper into the brush that hid Soldier Creek.

3.

Esther sat on an old tree that had partially uprooted itself from the bank of the creek and now arched over the water like a makeshift bridge. A layer of cool moss covered the surface of the tree bark, making for an excellent seat.
Nearby, rain fell. The sky had slowly taken on the color of old ash, but she didn't care.
She was in another world. This was her Tumtum tree, and she chortled at the sound of a few Jub Jub birds that bickered at one another in some bushes. She yearned to meet up with the twin fools, or possibly enjoy some tea with the hatter. Here, she was Alice and she was adventurous.
Here, she had a purpose.
Esther spent most of an hour sitting on the fallen tree, her hand placed at the inner spine of the book as she read. She turned the page and lightning struck only twenty or thirty feet away.
The sound shook her tree and the book trembled out of her hands. It dove into the water and seemed to swim away of its own will.
"No!" she cried, crawling back towards the bank and jumping off the tree. She ran beside the water and tried to keep track of the book, "Come on! I just want to read! It's my birthday!"
She sprinted over rocks and beneath low-hanging branches. It was difficult to guess how far she ran before the creek made a sharp turn. The bank was too steep and narrow to keep running, so she leapt up a hill and hoped she might be able to follow the creek once she got to the top.
The clearing beyond the peak was strangely quiet. Very little rain seemed to make its way here; she guessed this was because of an unusually thick canopy overhead. In fact, the trees seemed to entirely hide the sky when she looked up.
At the center of the clearing, carving a piece of wood with a small knife, there was a man. He sat on an ancient tree stump with one leg crossed over the other. His clothes were strange, dark and somehow medieval. He wore boots that laced up to his knees. His shirt was long and made of loose leather. 
"Excuse me," she said, "I didn't mean to bother you."
"No need to excuse yourself," the man said, "This ain't my place. No more mine than it is yours."
"Oh," Esther said carefully, "Well, I just lost my book. I'm trying to catch it."
She walked towards the edge of the clearing that overlooked the creek. She kept her eyes on the man as he continued to carve the piece of wood.
"Good as gone," he said, "Nothing worse than a soggy book. Except maybe a burnt book."
"Well, I don't want to lose it," Esther said.
"Storm's coming, girl," the man said, "You don't want to go that way. It'll just get worse."
She wanted to run away from him. He didn’t seem right, didn’t look healthy. The pale complexion, the slick curls of blond hair, the dark bags below his eyes. He looked sick like Garrett. 
"Tell me something," he said, "I'm lost. Do you have any idea where I am?"
"Sure," she said, "Just outside a town called Mason's Post. Just a mile or two back there."
She added, “Past my mom’s house.”
"Is that so?" he asked, "Well, I'm glad I ran into you."
He stopped carving and examined his work. He smiled and then gazed at Esther, "You think you could help me find someone?"
"Who?"
The smile went flat and he said, "The one who got away."

4.

Faint drops of rain began to seep through the thick of tree branches above the clearing where Esther stood alone with the stranger.
"What's your name?" she asked.
"You can call me Mr. Broderick," he said, still sitting on the stump and carefully carving a brick-sized piece of wood.
"So who do you want to find?"
He shook his head and said, "Now, that's complicated."
The man stood. He was taller than Garret. His shoulders were broad and, in the diminished light, he looked like a living shadow. He scraped a few shavings off the piece of wood in his hand. 
"Look at this," he said. He held the wood between his forefinger and thumb.
"It's a star?" Esther asked.
"Supposed to be," he said with a half-grin, "I've never been good at these things. Never much of an artist."
"Why did you make a star?" she asked.
"Why did you bring a book out here?" Broderick asked.
He smiled and his teeth were crooked. Some of them seemed sharpened to a point.
"I like to read," she said.
"To escape?" he asked, "To get away?"
"I just like to read."
He laughed and said, "It's funny. We spend our lives hiding from the truth. And how do we do that? We bury ourselves in the truth."
"What are you talking about?"
"I'm talking about getting away from things," he said, "I'm talking about an exit strategy."
"I don't need to escape," she said.
"Then why would a girl come all the way out here to read a book in the rain?"
She felt a lump grow in her throat and she said, "I told you. I just like to read."
"What is it? Your dad hits you?" he asked in a voice that dripped with mocking sympathy.
"My dad is dead," Esther said, "He was a good man."
"Oh, I'm sure he was," Broderick said, "Well, maybe your mom doesn't pay attention to you? Or she leaves you with some degenerate slug of a boyfriend while she supposedly works to pay bills?"
"It's not like that," Esther said.
"Of course it isn't," Broderick smiled again, "It's never like that."
"Why are you here?" Esther asked, "Why are you asking me these questions?"
"Because I know you, Esther," he said, "Oh, yes. That surprises you, right? I know a lot of things about you, little friend. I know your family."
He dropped the carving of the star. 
"I need to get home," she said.
"There's a reason your mother leaves you alone with that infant of a man. You think she expects you to have a child's carefree life? You think she expects you to be a kid?"
"I am a kid," she said.
"She's trying to punish you, Esther," Broderick said, "She knows who you are, what you are. She's keeping you from becoming what you're meant to be. I can help you."
He stretched his arms to either side of his body and said, "You just have to follow me to the great egress."
"Stop," Esther said.
"Think about it," he said, "How many times have you wanted to break out of the life you have? You think it's something as fleeting as simply wanting to grow up? As pointless as adolescent rebellion? You have a purpose, girl. Come with me and I'll make them stop holding you back."
"I don't know what you're talking about," she said, "Please, just stop."
She wanted to run, but it felt as if her feet had melted into the earth. She couldn't move.
"You feel that, right?  Like you’re stuck, you can’t move?  That’s me. I’m doing that, Esther. One of my favorite tricks."
"What are you doing here?" she asked, "Are you going to hurt me?"
"I'm here to take you," he said. His voice was almost a whisper, "That's my job. I take things. I take important things."
Thunder roared beyond the creek. She could see the rain falling in slanted columns in the pastures. In the clearing, the rain barely fell. Broderick's face had lost its color and now seemed as gray as the sullen sky above.
"No," she said, "Please, I just need to go home."
"Home is a memory, Esther," he said. 
He took a step towards her, then lightning struck.
But it wasn't lightning at all.

5.

Broderick screamed and reeled backwards. Esther stared at her hands, which were glowing and crackling with some sort of fleeting light or energy. She had seen documentaries about a scientist named Tesla.  He had machines that seemed to gather electricity from the air itself, and now her hands seemed to be doing the same thing.
Her vision blurred for an instant, as if she saw through two sets of eyes. 
"You little whore," Broderick growled. He was curled and grasping the side of his face. Tendrils of smoke drifted out from under his hand and between his fingers. He turned his head towards her and sneered. Half his face was disfigured, charred and covered in blisters.  The corner of his mouth was curled and looked like two pieces of bacon melded together.
"Stay back," she said. Her voice was wild with confusion.
From somewhere distant, perhaps where she had been sitting on the tree earlier, a voice wailed through the singing wind.
"Esther?" the voice cried, "Esther? Are you here? Can you hear me?"
"Help!" Esther screamed, backing away from Broderick, "Help me!"
"Don't waste your breath," Broderick said, "Just come with me, girl. The cards are dealt. End this and accept your fate."
She held her hands out, palms down and fingers straight.
Lightning struck again.
Broderick doubled over and screamed as something that looked like fluid electricity danced from Esther's outstretched hands. It struck him in the abdomen, then dispersed across the rest of his body. Steam and smoke rose from his midsection.
"You're not supposed to know yet," he snarled, mostly to himself. "It wasn’t to be like this. So be it. They can handle this when they receive you."
His face was misshapen, angular and feral. Saliva dangled from his twisted lower lip.
Esther's vision doubled again. She saw with two minds, processed information with two brains. In one mind was a lifetime of disappointment, the life of a child who had grown up in Mason's Post where people disappeared and no one seemed to care. She was a child in a broken home, a poor home, a home that seemed to spurn her very existence.
In the second mind rested memories of another life from a brighter place, a realm where magic was real, where monsters existed and people banded together to stop them. In the second mind, her thoughts were strong and well-planned. She knew how to summon light. She knew this man named Broderick was no man at all and that he was an agent of chaos. She knew there were others like him, and there were some who were more powerful. She knew more than most of the ancients. She was the first of the fallen children, hidden and waiting on a planet she had grown to love more than anything else.
One part of her mind wanted to leave while the other wanted nothing more than to stay.
"Esther!" the distant voice cried again. It was a man's voice, strained and fearful, "The waters are rising! Get to high land if you can. I'll find you!"
"I'm here!" she screamed, "I'm in the clearing!"
"You will leave with me," Broderick said, "I'll snap your spine if I have to. But you'll come with me. I will collect my bounty."
He struck the ground with his fist. The earth simply crumbled away into a hole of surging black fluid. It was the size of a manhole. The surface was reflective, but just below she could see dozens of wandering eyes. At once they stared at her, this chorus of hungry gazes, and she screamed.
"I'm not going anywhere," she said, the tone of her voice deepening as she spoke. She heard two voices speaking at once, "I love this place. You want to know why I read in the rain, beast?  Because it makes me feel human. And that's something you'll never get to feel."
The words she spoke at once surprised and strengthened her.
Broderick rubbed the scorched flesh of his stomach and said, "You think feeling human is a gift?"
"It's the only gift," Esther said.
"Then know this," he said with a half-grin, "I'll enjoy taking it away from you."
A hand clutched one of the small trees behind Esther at the edge of the clearing. She glanced over her shoulder and saw a police officer struggling to climb up the wet bank.
"Esther?" he asked, "I'm Officer Duncan. Your mother’s boyfriend said you’ve been missing for hours. Are you okay?"
"No," she said, pointing at Broderick.
But the deformed man was gone. There was only a dark mud puddle at the center of the clearing. 
She shook her head and said with one voice, "No, I guess I got lost."

6.

The canopy, thick and twisted, guarded them from the pouring rain. 
Yet, it seemed a prison.
"What happened? What were you doing out here on your own?" Duncan asked, "You've been gone for five hours. Your mother's in the cruiser. She's hysterical. We've got officers combing the entire creek. You're lucky you didn't get washed away."
They stood in the clearing and she could hear the high waters of the flooded creek rushing over rocks nearby.
"Five hours?" she asked.
"You didn't hit your head or anything, did you?"
"No," Esther said, "I just lost track of time. What's your name again?"
"Duncan," he said, "Officer Mike Duncan."
"Like the angel," she whispered.
"What's that?"
"Like Michael, the angel," Esther said, "If you believe in that sort of thing."
Esther smiled, but it felt out of place.
She walked to the dark mud puddle at the center of the clearing. It was simply a puddle of water. This should have been a relief.
But she felt unsettled.
"Come on," officer Duncan said, slipping a poncho over her shoulders. It was made of clear plastic and it was colder than the rain. He held her hand and said, "Let's get you home."
They started to walk to the edge of the clearing.
"Dispatch," Duncan said, "This is Officer Duncan. I've got the missing girl in custody. She appears to be unharmed. We're at the northwest elbow of Soldier Creek and..."
"No," she said, "Stop."
"What’s wrong?"
She closed her eyes and saw stars, millions of burning stars against a canvas of black absence.  Between each star was some sort of tether, invisible but clearly sensed. The stars began going dim, one by one, and then they began disappearing. She opened her eyes and saw Duncan.
"Are you okay, Esther?"
She closed her eyes again and saw a man standing at a precipice overlooking an ocean of black water. The man held a compass in his left hand; in his right was a short blade, the hilt carved from bone or ivory. He peered into the ocean. Just below the surface was a myriad of gazing, curious eyes.  
Esther took a deep breath and listened to the second voice speak from her mouth. Her eyes remained shut.
"We have work for you, Michael," the voice said. It was strong and careful, "You stand at the edge our future."
"Esther?" Duncan said, "Come on, girl. Let’s get you to the car and head to the hospital."
He grasped her arm, but electricity wrapped itself around his hand. He cried out and stepped back from the girl. She opened her eyes and there was only brilliant white where her pupils had been.
"They need your help, Michael. The fallen children need a protector. A soldier."
"What are you talking about, girl?"
"We are sorry that your son will never know his father. Perhaps, one day, you will meet him as a man. And then he might know the good you have done."
She smiled and reached for Duncan’s wrist. Energy surged up his arm and enveloped his body, which jerked and convulsed as she spoke.
"This is the blade of fate. We live in its shadow and die by its edge. Know that she loves you, soldier."
Duncan’s eyes twitched open and he whispered, "Know that she loves you."
The electricity surged and Duncan’s entire body began to glow. He stared up at the forest canopy and tried to speak. His words were unintelligible. Closing his eyes, he let his head tilt backward. Lightning struck and he was gone. Only Esther remained in the clearing.
She closed her eyes and spoke to herself, "You serve us well, child. The soldier’s journey has begun.”
She opened her eyes and felt tears stream down her cheeks. The storm persisted beyond the edge of the forest. More men began shouting for Esther.  Police sirens screamed in the distance.
Esther turned and stared at the pool of black water at the center of the clearing. Just below the surface were hundreds of restless eyes. From somewhere deep below came the sound of millions of engines thrumming at once. The sound made Esther's chest tremble.
Esther's vision shimmered. The edges were fading. 
Of two minds and two lives, Esther of the Earth and Esther of the Sky felt the black water tug her away from reality. It drew her into the ground and it never changed colors. It was black, a shadow that crawled over her skin and whispered as it pulled her away.
The world she had grown to love and despise slipped away like sand through her powerless fingers, and the laborers of the other darker place welcomed her with carnivorous grins. They whispered sounds like stone on metal. Their voices had been stripped by the awful work they performed for their imprisoned master.
This is the blade of fate, she thought. We live in its shadow and bleed by its edge.
Down the rabbit hole Esther fell.

The Montauk Recording
2007

The following was recorded during an electrical storm near Montauk, New York. Ronald Chambers, an amateur radio operator with almost twenty years of experience, noticed the transmission at approximately 8:23 in the evening.  The message played, as if on a loop, seven and a half times before cutting out entirely. No other radio operators in the area heard the transmission. Military and air force representatives deny any record of the errant message, while some theorize that it was produced by an undisclosed numbers station. Still, others believe the event to be connected in some way to the decommissioned military research facilities supposedly found within the confines of Camp Hero State Park on Long Island. Investigation into the incident is ongoing. 
*   *   *
“Our deep sky was torn asunder by the darkest of machines, and the stars tumbled one by one from the shattered heavens. These stars, these children of the sacred void…must be saved.”
###
Afterthoughts

Before anything else, I have to tell you that the stories and poems in this book were originally written as part of a music project I worked on for approximately five years. The songs and stories intertwined and you can see how it worked out by visiting www.deepskytraveler.bandcamp.com (I wrote all the music except bass, lead guitars, and vocals) A strange thing happened; I discovered, postscript, that the stories found here were directly connected to the novel I’m preparing to publish. A few changes led to the book that you are now reading, which can be considered the companion to a much larger fantasy novel available as an eBook within the next few months (as of March 15, 2011). 
As a writer, illustrator, and independent musician, I’ve enjoyed a few minor successes trying to adhere to the traditional publishing model of putting hours of blood and sweat into a creative piece only to have almost zero return. Don’t get me wrong, I love being able to put my creations out into the digital ether so anyone can read them; but at some point, I would also much rather make a living doing what I love. Doesn’t everyone? 
This piece is my first flirtation with the eBook movement, my initial nosedive into the waters of “indie” publishing. And it is not my last endeavor. As I mentioned, there is an upcoming fantasy novel, which is only the first in a series. Beyond that particular story, I have plans for at least three more different stories, all of which are multi-book ideas. I have the content; do you have the time?
Exactly where we go from here is hard to tell. We walk an uncharted path together, you and I. It’s difficult to say how many hidden forests or treacherous hills we might explore, or what strange acquaintances we might make along the way. Whatever happens, we have each other. Remember that when the tension mounts and we fear that all is lost, dear reader, we will find our way together.
So what do you say?
Let’s have a walk in the dream roads.

L. David Hesler
March 15, 2011

About the Author

Mr. Hesler has been a student, an actor, a radio personality, a toy salesman, a marketing associate, an artist, a poet, a shoe salesman, an electronics salesman, a graphic designer, an illustrator, a guitarist, a writer, and a middle school teacher. Beware, mortals, for he possesses the combined experience of at least a handful of college graduates.
His fiction and poetry have been published in the literary magazines “New Wine” and “The Ivy Review”. He has never won an award and would be content with a simple high five.
He is married to his high school sweetheart; together, they spoil a hyperactive miniature schnauzer and a cat that plays fetch. In his spare time, he writes alternative rock music. He is a fan of the Chicago Cubs, loves researching the paranormal, and has an incurable obsession with speculative fiction.

www.ldavidhesler.blogspot.com


