Turning the Darkness


Tony Bowman
Copyright © 2014 Tony Bowman
All rights reserved.
ISBN-13: 978-1499546552 
ISBN-10: 1499546556
DEDICATION


For my wife and daughter, the loves of my life.
Foreword

I published a book yesterday. 
I started writing “Vales Hollow” on January 18, 2014, and I put it out for publication on March 12, 2014. That’s roughly eight weeks from start to finish.
I’m not saying it is great; however, I hope it is good. Because, even though it took eight weeks to put it down on paper, it was percolating in my head for almost two years.
Every day, the scenes in “Vales Hollow” went through my mind – all those blank stares people closest to me noticed? That was Janey walking into a dilapidated building, or Sinead learning how to shoot on a mountainside. Characters get in your head, and when you don’t write their scenes down… let’s just say they get insistent.
However, I can tell you without a doubt I would not have written a single word starting on January 18, 2014 if it had not been for getting canned from my career on January 14. You could say that I owe the kick starting of my writing career to the mindless, shameless, and faceless New York based company I worked for.
Thanks… assholes.
My wife, long suffering soul that she is, tried for over a decade to get me on the literary path and off the path of making engineering companies rich. It took a swift kick to the head to finally get that through my phenomenally thick skull, but I’ve seen the light.
By the way, “Vales Hollow” is my first published novel, but it’s not my first novel. No, not even close.
Back in 1995, I started writing my second novel. It’s been percolating in my head for almost twenty years. The characters grumble sometimes, take me to some very dark places and show me the things lurking there.
At the time I am writing this, I’ve written down a little more than half of the story. Since you are now reading the Foreward, I must have finished it. 

I started writing “Turning the Darkness” at a very turbulent time in my life. My ten year marriage was unravelling – my only regret is that it didn’t unravel ten years earlier.
I got married too young, and I got divorced too old. I lost a lot of good years in between, and it makes you bitter. The only good thing I can say that came out of the whole mess was this book. I wrapped myself in the story, and it helped me through some really lousy times.
No, it wasn’t “writing for therapy”, but it was definitely “writing for escape”.
And, later, after I finally got my head on straight sometime late in 2000, it helped me win over the woman who has been the love of my life for fourteen years.

Sometime during the early days of our dating, I mentioned I was a writer.
“What kind of writing?” She asked.
“Horror and a little Science Fiction…”
“Anything I would’ve read?”
“Err, umm, probably not…”
“Can I read it?”
Shy soul that I am, I sent her all seventy pages of it, which she devoured in an afternoon. What followed were the words that would haunt us both for fourteen years: “More, please.”
Fourteen years later, I’m finally fulfilling the request. Billy, Kathryn, Ray, and George are dancing in my mind – they’ve been going stir crazy.
One last thing: this is the second title for the book. The first title was brilliant, fit perfectly, and rolled off the tongue. Then some woman wrote this young adult novel about (sparkly) vampires and (fluffy) werewolves. I hear it did pretty well. There was my title, twenty feet high on a movie screen. Sigh.

Wait, did he say second novel?
Why, yes, I did.
I finished my first novel around 1994. I was 29 years old, and it was the first novel in what I had hoped would be a long science fiction series. It stares at me from the bookshelf sometimes, biding its time, waiting…

Tony Bowman, March 13. 2014
Playlist
In my first book, Vales Hollow, I included a little playlist. These are songs I listened to while writing the book. Turning the Darkness deserves a playlist of its own, so here it is:

“Darkening of the Light” Concrete Blonde
“Heart of Glass” Blondie
“Midnight Special” Creedence Clearwater Revival
“The Howling” Within Temptation
“Trial by Fire” Journey
“Bad Moon on the Rise” Creedence Clearwater Revival
“Farewell Slayer” John Carpenter
“Demon” Imagine Dragons
“Miracles” Jefferson Starship
“Let Us Burn” Within Temptation
“And We Run” Within Temptation
“My Ride’s Here” Warren Zevon

I know some of it is obscure. But trust me, it fits.

When Pandora opened the jar, all the evil flooded out into the world.
-Greek Myth of Pandora’s Box
Prologue


The prophet sat in a folding chair on the stage.  For the last thirty years he had stood behind the podium as he spoke, but he was an old man now.  He sat in a chair on the darkened stage and stared out at the shadowy figures that filled the auditorium.  The only light in the cavernous room came from eight candles at the back wall, which did nothing to show the faces of the audience.  This always bothered the prophet.  The shadows made him uncomfortable.
“Shouldn’t we begin?” his assistant whispered in his left ear.  The prophet hadn’t heard him walk across the stage.
“Certainly”, he whispered back and then spoke to the assembly in his rich bass baritone.  “It’s time to begin, 3:00 AM.  The darkest hours of the night, the hour when the world ended thirty-eight years ago.”

The Beginning: 
University of Virginia High Energy Physics Lab, Charlottesville, VA

“One hundred fifty million dollars in funding and I’m stopped cold because of a fifty dollar network router?” Doctor Jennings spat.  His small wire frame glasses had slid down his nose, and he was staring over the top of the lenses at his graduate assistant.  He used this look often, there was something about it that intimidated the underlings.
The assistant, Ryan something or other, looked down at his clipboard, “Umm, yeah, evidently the guys in Chicago tried to upgrade the firmware…”
“Why?”, the glasses slid farther down and Jennings leaned farther across the desk.
The assistant took a half step back, “Umm, evidently the old router software wasn’t allowing traffic to the server to pass through…”
“Stop.  I’m a physicist; I don’t have time for this computer nonsense.  Tell them to fix it.”
“They’re going to get a replacement first thing in the morning…”
“Morning?  No, no, no, no, Ryan.  Now.  Right now.  I want to try a transfer within the hour,” Jennings said and turned his attention back to the paperwork on his desk.
“It’s Brian, sir,” the assistant said.
“Whatever.”
“Dr. Jennings, it’s 2:00 AM here, 1:00 AM in Chicago.  Professor Koslow has requested that we start again at 10:00 AM our time.”
“You tell that simp Koslow that I want them online and ready for transfer in one hour.  There has to be someplace in Chicago that you can get a switch at 1:00 AM.”
“It’s a router, sir.”
“Are you correcting me again?” Jennings said accusingly, and leveled his gaze at the assistant once again over the lenses.
Brian sighed, “No, sir.”
 


A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.
-Joseph Campbell

Billy: Lynchburg, VA 
Billy Murphy was playing the game.  He lay in bed, the light from his stereo the only light in the dark room as he listened to the radio.  The Journey song was coming to a close.  Billy closed his eyes and whispered, “Styx.”  A few seconds later, Dennis DeYoung began singing “Lady”.
The boy smiled - right again.  But then, he was always right.  He had been playing the game since he was old enough to remember the names of the rock bands.  As far as he knew, this was the extent of his ESP: a neat parlor trick that he sometimes used to impress the girls in his junior class.  
“Blondie,” he whispered as Dennis DeYoung’s voice faded into the background.  Billy turned his head to the left and looked at the digital clock on the nightstand as “Heart of Glass” started, it was 2:45 AM.
 
Ray: Lynchburg, VA
Ray Adair hit his cell mate square in the teeth.  The man, a crack dealer who called himself Sly Willy, was tossed backward by the blow.  Sly bounced off the cell wall and landed face down on the concrete floor, blood from his split lip spread out and touched his nose.  He was more embarrassed than hurt – he had been beaten half senseless by a one-armed, drunken Indian.
Ray sat down on the bunk and looked down at the smaller man.  “I told you, don’t call me Chief, asshole,” he said and laid back on the bunk.
Sly got to his hands and knees.  “Sorry,” he wheezed, spraying an airbrush stream of red blood onto the already crimson floor.  “I didn’t mean to insult a heap big injun like you.”
In the dark, Ray shook his head and swung his right arm down in an arc, striking Sly between the shoulder blades.  The smaller man’s head slammed against the concrete and his body crumpled, unconscious.  “That’s Native American, asshole.”

Ray stared up at the ceiling.  He liked it better when he had a cell to himself.  It was an insult to put him in a cell with a drug pusher like this.  “I have a right mind to complain to the city of Lynchburg,” he thought and chuckled at the thought.
It was Saturday night, and Ray often found himself a guest of the city on weekends.  Not that he was an alcoholic, Ray could stop at any time, and had proven it on several occasions; but he got bored easily.  And, nothing dulled boredom better than a fifth of whiskey.
Unfortunately, when Ray got un-bored, he often got unfriendly as well. Something that Sly, who was beginning to make moaning noises from the floor, had learned firsthand.
“This won’t do,” a voice intruded.  A man stood on the other side of the bars looking in.
“He had it coming,” Ray said and laid his forearm across his eyes.
“It’s time for you to leave, Ray,” the man continued.
Ray sat up and peered through the darkness, “You letting me out?  Listen, I’m still a little plastered, couldn’t I just stay till morning?”
The cell door slid open and the man stepped to the side, “There isn’t going to be a morning, Ray.”  And with that, the man disappeared into the gloom.
 
Charlottesville, 2:50 AM
“Dr. Jennings, Chicago is standing by,” Bryan announced.  He and five other assistants were seated in a semicircle of computer monitors.  They were in the cavernous main lab of the high energy physics building.
Jennings stood on a raised platform in the center of the room.  A metal doorframe had been erected in the middle of the stage.  The frame was for reference only, it was the platform itself that was the object of the experiment.  Jennings stepped off the edge of the platform and stood by Bryan’s station.
“Start the recorder please,” Jennings said.  Bryan started the digital recorder.  “This is test run one of the matter transference experiment.  In attendance are Dr. Adam Jennings and staff.”
Staff - That would be us, the guys who did all the work, Bryan thought.
“The object of this experiment is to transfer a physical object between two remote locations using a device based on my previously published work on Quantum Physics,” Jennings continued.
It’s a teleporter, you dick, just call it what it is, Bryan thought.
“Chicago, are you ready?” Jennings asked.
“Chicago reports ready,” Bryan replied.
“Charge platform to fifty percent,” Jennings ordered.
“Platform at fifty percent.  Chicago reports fifty percent as well,” Bryan said.  “Dr. Jennings, Chicago now reporting a thunderstorm in their area and request to shut down.”
“No, charge platform to eighty percent.”
“Platform at eighty percent, Chicago reports eighty percent as well,” Bryan answered.
“Increase to one hundred percent,” Jennings said and stepped toward the platform.  He reached into the pocket of his lab coat and produced a yellow tennis ball.
“One hundred percent, Chicago reports same,” Bryan looked up from his computer screen.
“Tell Chicago to stand by for a test in three, two, one,” Jennings threw the tennis ball through the doorframe on the platform.  As soon as it cleared the frame it disappeared.
“Holy shit,” Bryan mumbled.
Jennings turned towards Bryan and the rest of the assistants, “What does Chicago say?”
“Stand by,” Bryan answered his brow wrinkled.  “Stand by.”  Bryan broke into a huge grin and stood up.  “Dr. Jennings, Professor Koslow in Chicago reports that he has recovered one yellow tennis ball, slightly used.”
The assistants broke into wild applause as Dr. Jennings sat down on the floor in front of the platform.  “I did it, damned if I didn’t do it,” Jennings sighed to himself.
Bryan sat back at his computer monitor, “Sir, Dr. Koslow says the storm is getting much worse there, he’s afraid they’ll lose power and damage the equipment.”
“Oh, he always was a worrier.  All right, tell him to begin…” Jennings was interrupted by the sound of what could only be described as a trumpet that echoed through the metal building.
 
Ray: Lynchburg, Virginia, 3:00 AM
The sound of the trumpet blast in his pre-hang over ears caused Ray to fall to his knees in the open cell doorway, “What the hell was that?”
The man who had liberated him from his cell was standing at the open entrance to the cell block.  “The first trumpet blast.  There’ll be six more.  Please hurry, Ray, our time grows short.”
“What happens after the last blast?” Ray asked as he regained his feet.  In the cells around him, the other inmates began to curse and rise from their bunks.
“Then He calls his chosen people home, Ray,” the man said and stepped into the squad room beyond.
Ray followed the man into the police station.  The fluorescent lights hurt his eyes and blinded him for an instant.  When his vision cleared he saw the mystery man was standing beside him.
“What’re you doing out of your cell, Adair?” the cop Ray knew as Jimmy was walking toward them, his hand had dropped to the nine millimeter on his belt.
“It’s okay, Jimmy, Ray’s with me,” the mystery man said.  His crisp blue eyes seemed to stare through the shorter cop.
“Who’re you?” Jimmy stopped, his hand dropped limply to his side.
“You know me, Jimmy,” the man said with a smile.
Jimmy returned the smile, “I know you.”
“Everything’s going to be all right now.”
Jimmy nodded his head in agreement, “Everything’s going to be all right now.”
Ray whispered, “What are you doing to Jimmy?”
“Making it easier for him to ignore us.  I don’t have time to explain.”
Around them, the other policemen seemed to be completely ignoring them.  It was as if they were invisible.  “Jimmy here is a little more intelligent than most of the people in this room, slightly more observant.  But it’s okay now isn’t it, Jimmy?”
“Sure, it’s okay,” Jimmy agreed.
“Jimmy, may I have the keys to your car?  Ray is going to need some transportation,” the man said and held out his hand.
“No problem. I filled it up an hour ago,” Jimmy dropped his keys into the man’s hand.
“Thank you, Jimmy.  If it’s not too much trouble, could you go to the armory and bring us two 12-gauge autoloaders and about, oh let’s say 300 rounds of ammunition.  Also, I think the SWAT team has some M4 rifles don’t they?”
“Yeah, they’re beauties,” Jimmy laughed.
“Fetch a couple of those with about 300 rounds of ammo for them as well.  We’ll be waiting at your cruiser,” the man said as he led Ray out the front door into the night.
“Hey, no problem.  Say, can you pull around back to pick that stuff up?  I need to get a rolling cart,” Jimmy called after them.
“Certainly,” the man said as a second trumpet blast reverberated through the warm night air.
The mystery man never faltered a step, but Ray almost fell again.  The blast took out several windows on the street and the glass glittered under the streetlights.
“Jesus!” Jimmy screamed inside the squad room.  “Has anybody figured out where that damned noise is coming from?”
Outside, the mystery man steadied Ray on his feet.  “Who are you?” Ray asked.
“You can call me Michael,” the man said as he opened the door to a Lynchburg Police Department cruiser and motioned for Ray to get behind the wheel.
 
Charlottesville, 3:05 AM
“There it goes again,” Jennings complained as the second trumpet blast shook the building.  He stood watching over Bryan’s shoulder as the younger man tried frantically to reach Chicago via the Internet.
“Is that noise being caused by the teleporter?” Bryan asked.
“Don’t be ridiculous.  It’s probably some first year student with an air horn having his jollies,” Jennings said and turned to one of the other assistants.  “Call the police and tell them we have someone playing jokes outside the fence.”
“I can’t raise Chicago at all, professor,” Bryan said in frustration.  “The power must have gone out there.”
“Nonsense, our quantum portal is still open.  That means that there has to be one open on the other side.”
“Don’t you think we should shut down, just to be safe?” Bryan asked.
Jennings walked over to the platform and sighed, “I suppose.  Drop power to eighty percent.”
Bryan typed at his terminal, “Power down to eighty percent.”  Bryan’s eyes narrowed and he leaned closer to the monitor.  “Professor, you should look at this.”
Jennings walked back to Bryan’s computer and looked over his shoulder.  The other assistants formed a semicircle behind them.  “Impossible,” Jennings said as he shook his head.  “The portal should have closed when we dropped through ninety-five percent.  Are you sure the detectors are functioning properly?”
“Yes, sir, they’re working.  The portal isn’t closing,” Bryan said.
“Drop power to fifty percent.”
The keyboard clicked as Bryan entered the command.  “Power down to fifty percent.”  He looked up at Jennings, “It’s still open, sir.”
“Cut power completely,” Jennings ordered and leaned on Bryan’s chair as the younger man typed.
“Christ, it’s still open.” Bryan rubbed his eyes and shook his head.  “Could it be self-sustaining somehow?  I mean, once it’s open, could it be that it can’t close?”
“No, this never happened in the lab trials,” Jennings complained as he stepped away from Bryan.  “No, it’s Chicago.  They’re still applying power to their portal and somehow we’re feeding off that supply.  Try to get them on the phone, to hell with the network connection.”
One of the other assistants pulled out a cell phone and dialed.  A few seconds later he pulled the cell phone away from his ear, “Professor Koslow says they lost their electricity ten minutes ago.  He also wants to know if we heard the trumpets?”
“Ask him if his portal is still open,” Jennings said.
The assistant relayed the message back, then replied, “No, sir, their portal closed as soon as the power went out.”
“Then what are we connected to here?” Jennings asked in a whisper as he stared at the empty platform.  The air was split with a third trumpet blast.
 
Ray: Lynchburg, Virginia, 3:15 AM
Michael and Jimmy loaded the weapons and ammunition into the cruiser’s back seat.  Ray sat behind the wheel and watched the two men work.
“Thank you, Jimmy,” Michael said as he shook Jimmy’s hand.  The third trumpet blast echoed through the night.
“Sure wish I knew what that was,” Jimmy said looking up at the stars.
“God’s calling his children home, Jimmy,” Michael said as he shut the right rear door of the cruiser.
“No shit?” Jimmy whispered.
Michael smiled, “No shit, Jimmy.”
“Oh, we’re going to have crowd control problems.  I better warn them inside,” Jimmy turned to leave.
Jesus, he’s really buying this, Ray thought.
“There’s no need to do that, Jimmy.  You should go home and wait.  Your work here is done,” Michael said and gently pointed Jimmy towards the street.  “Home’s only two blocks away.  You’ll make it with time to spare, I assure you.”
“Sure, anything you say,” Jimmy said with a smile and jogged away toward his house.
Michael slumped as Jimmy turned the corner.  Ray thought he saw the beginning of a tear in his eyes as he spoke to the sky above, “Is there no other way?”  Michael seemed to have received a reply that Ray could not hear.  “As You command then.”
Michael looked toward Ray, “I’m sorry, Ray.  I know this is confusing, but it will become clearer in time.  Drive West on route 460, and God will show you the way from there.”  And, with that, Michael turned to leave.
“Wait a minute, what’s going to happen?” Ray called.
“Great sadness, great pain, great joy, an end, and a beginning.  Beyond that, only God can say,” Michael said and vanished.
 
Billy: Lynchburg, VA 3:25 AM
In his bedroom, seventeen year old Billy Murphy was lying on his floor clutching his ears in pain.  Not from the blast of the fifth trumpet that had just sounded, but from the booming voices that echoed through his head.  From the moment the first trumpet had blasted, Billy’s mind was filled with other people’s thoughts.
Billy struggled to make sense of the avalanche of thoughts that threatened to bury his sanity.  The loudest thoughts were the closest ones, neighbors whose half-wakened minds were struggling to explain the trumpets.  Somewhere close, a policeman had arrived home, confused as to why he had left the police station.  Elsewhere, a man named Ray was trying to figure out who someone named Michael was.  A block away, an eleven year old girl named Rebecca was huddled on the floor of her bedroom calling for her parents.
“Too much, too much,” Billy whispered trying to push the thoughts away.  He would have called for his own parents, but they had left him here while they visited his aunt in Cleveland.  He sifted through the voices in his mind and found them.  His mother was berating herself for having left her only son at home during this insanity.
“It’s not just insanity, it’s the end of the world,” Billy said to himself and knew that it was true.  “They’re coming.”
 
Charlottesville, 3:35 AM
Jennings mounted the video camera to the arm of the robot.  The machine stood two feet high and rode on rubber tank treads.  A twelve foot long video cable was connected to the camera.  It was coiled behind the robot and would be pulled along behind as it crossed the platform and traveled to whatever location lay on the other side of the invisible barrier.
The sound of the sixth trumpet blasted through the night air.  One of the technicians stood in front of a TV watching the news channels.  The trumpet sounds were being heard everywhere on earth at the same time.
“You know, the last book of the Bible says that a trumpet will sound at the end of the world,” Bryan said.
“Bullshit, that’s just superstition.  But I do believe this is something we’ve caused.  Some sort of reverberation, caused when Chicago went offline,” Jennings said as he drove the robot toward the threshold with a radio control box.  “Switch the television to channel 3.”
The assistant who had been watching the news did as he was told.  The video camera attached to the robot showed the platform as it crossed.
“Now we’ll see where our errant portal is connected,” Jennings said as the robot crossed the threshold and disappeared, leaving only the video cable connected to what appeared to be thin air.
The image on the television was too dark to discern anything.  Using the control box, Jennings rotated the robot to the left and an image came into view.  Bryan gasped and took a step backward at the sight.
The robot was sitting in a valley, the floor of which looked to be made of lava rock.  Mountains rose in the distance, impossibly tall and sharp and crafted of the same dark rock.  But this was not what elicited the response from Bryan, it was the nightmarish orange glow of flames behind the mountains that illuminated the dark clouds above and the plumes of smoke that rose in the distance.
“That’s hell,” Bryan whispered shaking his head.
“No, don’t be ridiculous,” Jennings said, but there was no conviction in his voice.
“Professor, we have to close this portal.  We have to do it now,” Bryan said as he dashed back to his computer.
“No, it can’t be.  That’s just a myth,” Jennings said as he turned the camera in a slow circle.
Bryan called to the other assistants, “Help me, we have to find a way to close it.  Before the trumpet sounds again.”
The assistants went to their computers leaving Jennings muttering to himself.
“Okay, if we can’t shut it off by turning off the power, let’s try to redirect it.  Power up to 100 percent,” Bryan said as he typed on the keyboard.  “Sid, angle the dish right 90 degrees.”
Jennings stopped turning the camera.  The video image was out of focus, because it was trying to focus on something very close to it.  The autofocus on the camera finally made the image sharp.  The camera was pointing at a leg covered in grey, reptilian scales.  “Close it, close it, Bryan!” Jennings screamed as he put the robots treads in reverse, pulling it back toward the threshold.  It stopped abruptly before coming back through, the creature with the reptilian legs had caught it.  The camera angled up and caught an image of the creature’s face.  Jennings screamed again as he saw the face of something out of a nightmare.  The visage was vaguely reptilian, covered in the same scales as the legs.  The yellow eyes were slanted, it’s cruel mouth pulled back in a snarl showing hundreds of tiny sharp teeth.  The smooth forehead had an inverted pentagram carved in it.
Jennings backed up involuntarily away from the television, but in so doing, he had actually blundered onto the platform itself.  The image on the television swung around.  Too late, Jennings realized that the nightmare on the other side of the portal had thrown the robot back across the threshold.  The metal robot, weighing eighty pounds and thrown with incredible force, materialized in the air behind Jennings head.  The impact crushed Jennings’ skull and sent his body tumbling end over end through the air until he slammed into the television screen in a shower of sparks.
The assistants had stopped typing as the seventh trumpet sounded.  They sat at their stations unable to move as the creature crossed the threshold.  It stood almost eight feet tall.  It stretched its leathery wings wide and looked out at the room from the platform.  “Ca Ngish Innoku?” the creature’s voiced echoed through the metal building.
“What?” Bryan asked after a moment.
The creature smiled, “English then.  Who has opened the gate?”
Bryan pointed at the smoking corpse of Dr. Jennings, “He did.”
“Hmm, no matter.  You can open the gate wider?” the demon asked, as it stepped toward Bryan.
“No, I don’t think so,” Bryan began to back away.
As he spoke, the demon began to change form.  He grew shorter and, a moment later, he stood before Bryan in human form, clothed in jeans and a white t-shirt.  Human in all ways, except that his eyes were still a hideous shade of yellow.  “Are you quite certain you cannot open the gate wider?  Are you only an apprentice wizard, boy?”
“I’m an assistant scientist, this isn’t magic,” Bryan said.
The demon looked around the room, “Technology.  Interesting, I had no idea you had progressed so far in a thousand years.”
One of the assistants suddenly remembered that he had feet, and decided to put them to good use.  He ran toward the laboratory door.
“Stop,” the demon commanded and the young man’s feet obeyed.  “I will release you soon, but only after I have given you a gift to pass on to others.”  Involuntarily, the assistant returned to his seat.
“I am Barbatas, second in command to Asmodeus the defiler.  I have come to bring you ruin,” the demon said as he stepped off the platform and stood by the first assistant.  He placed his hand on the man’s mouth, and whispered, “A gift for you of disease and a taste for rotting flesh.”
The assistant screamed and fell backward on the floor, his body convulsing.
Bryan screamed as well as the assistant stood up transformed.  The assistant’s body had changed, the skin pale and hairless.  The eyes were sunken and black as coal, his back hunched and his mouth filled with misshapen teeth.  The former assistant screamed a liquid cry.
“Go forth ghoul and multiply,” Barbatas whispered and the creature turned and ran through the door into the night.
Barbatas walked to the next assistant.  The woman shook her head and struggled backward.
“Shh, be still woman,” Barbatas hissed as he pushed her back into her seat.  Holding her down with one hand, Barbatas brought his own wrist to his mouth and bit down hard.  Black blood began to pour from the wound and he forced his mangled wrist into the woman’s screaming mouth.  “The blood of a demon, spilled for you.  A gift of disease and a taste for blood.”
The woman stopped struggling and began to suck greedily at the demon’s wrist.  Satisfied that she had drunk enough, Barbatas grasped her throat with his free hand and squeezed.  Her flesh tore away and her own red blood spilled to the floor, but still she drank from the demon’s wrist.
A moment later, Barbatas released her.  Her ruined throat began to heal itself as she stood.  “Go forth vampire and multiply, a fourth of this world does Lucifer give to you.”
As the woman left, Barbatas turned to the last assistant.  “Now what to do with you?” he said and grasped the man’s hand.  He drew a symbol with his finger on the assistant’s left palm.  The man screamed as blood poured everywhere the demon touched.  When he was finished, a bleeding pentagram had been branded on the assistant’s hand.  “For you, a gift of disease and the heart of the Beast.”
The assistant fell backward screaming in agony as his body changed.  Bryan cowered behind his chair as he watched the man’s face begin to change.  Bryan didn’t need to see any more, he knew what this gift was.  The assistant stood up and towered over the demon.
“Go forth werewolf and multiply,” Barbatas commanded and the creature ran from the room.
“Now once again, I ask you, wizard’s apprentice,” Barbatas began.  He looked directly at Bryan.  “Can you open the gate wider?”
Bryan sobbed in fear, “I can try.”
Barbatas walked over to the cowering figure, “You will serve us then, boy?”
“Yes, Barbatas, I swear,” Bryan fell on his knees before the demon.
“Then let all know Satan’s follower by his mark,” Barbatas said and placed his palm on Bryan’s forehead.  The former apprentice screamed in agony as he was branded.  When the demon removed his hand, a smoking inverted pentagram had been burned into Bryan’s flesh, the number 666 written in the middle.
Barbatas pointed toward the platform, “Now witness the fall of man.”
Bryan screamed and fell to the floor as a torrent of horrors emerged from the platform and ran shrieking into the night.
 
Billy: Lynchburg, VA 4:30 AM
Billy had to leave, he didn’t know where he was going but he could sense them coming.  He had changed into jeans and a shirt and had filled his backpack with whatever he could find.  Over the past hour, he had learned to keep the tide of outside thoughts away.  They weren’t totally silent, but at least they were manageable.
As he descended the steps from the second floor of his house, he almost stumbled.  In Charlottesville, sixty miles north, pain and death were visiting every house.  He felt the pain, heard the screams and for the first time in his young life, Billy Murphy prayed.  


I’m just a man whose circumstances went beyond his control…
	- Styx

Nathan Campbell: Charlottesville, VA 4:30 AM
Nathan Campbell tightened his grip around the demon’s throat and they tumbled as one onto the bedroom floor.  The demon, a lesser minion of the demon Lord Asteroth howled in fury and tried to push the human away.
Nathan had been in the living room of the apartment he shared with his girlfriend, Lisa.  They had been awakened by the sound of the trumpets.  The newscasters on the living room television had been as confused as he.
He had run back into the bedroom when he heard the sound of breaking glass and Lisa’s scream.  He had entered the room just as the demon had bit into her throat, spraying the room with her blood.
Most men would have been frozen by shock - what happened was not the reaction the demon had expected.  Nathan Campbell had leapt, closing his hands around the demon’s throat, knocking him clear of the mortally wounded woman.
The demon howled in pain as Nathan brought his knee up and crushed its groin, cursed again as the human let go of his throat with his right hand then brought it crashing back down as a fist against the demon’s mouth, which exploded in a gush of black blood.
The last move was a mistake, the demon twisted on its side and flung Nathan against the wall.  The demon rose on its haunches to pounce when it discovered a new surprise: the dog which had followed its master into the bedroom.  The big German Shepherd collided with the demon and knocked it sideways.
“Friday, tear him up,” Nathan called to the dog, and Friday obeyed, tearing a fist sized hunk of meat from the demon.  The creature swung its arm up, but the impact barely made the dog flinch.  Friday closed his jaws on the demon’s throat again and shook it until the creature’s neck snapped.
Nathan pulled himself up onto the bed, “Lisa, can you hear me?”
But the girl made no sound.  The only sounds in the room were Nathan’s sobs and the dog’s whining.  Outside, a grey cloud was spreading out from the hills around the University of Virginia, blocking out the stars and the moon.  Under the clouds, the skies were filled with thousands of darker shapes that flew off in every direction.


My mother says I must not pass, 
Too near that glass; 
She is afraid that I will see, 
A little witch that looks like me; 
With a red mouth to whisper low, 
The very thing I should not know 
- Sarah Morgan Bryant Piatt

Kathryn: Charlottesville, VA 5:00 AM
The damned girl stood with her coven before the demon Barbatas.  The leader of the coven, a teenager whose real name was Seymour but who liked to be called Lightbane, had gathered the coven together at midnight and told them that the apocalypse was here and that soon Satan would walk among them.
When Seymour had called Kathryn and told her this, she had just smiled and finished her beer.  This wasn’t the first time Halitosis Seymour, as the other coven members called him behind his back, had called her with some earth shattering news.  Once before he had called her and told her that he had summoned a demon in his parent’s basement and could she come over.  When she had got there, she found Seymour naked with a hard on and a smile standing on a chalk pentagram in the basement.  The air was heavy with a stench either of sulphur, Seymour’s breath, or a fart, she was unsure of which.  In any event, she had told Seymour he was a prick and had gone back to her dorm.  However, this time, old Lightbane had been on the level.
Unlike most of the other members of the coven, she was a true believer.  So the sight of the demons that filled the high energy physics lab turned gates of hell, did not take her entirely by surprise.  Her coven had lined up naked in front of the platform and Barbatas walked down the line, touching each on the forehead as he passed, branding them.  Each in turn fell upon the floor and fornicated with the nearest coven member or demon.
She stood last in the line, her red hair hanging below her shoulder blades.  Barbatas stopped in front of her and smiled.  “We know you, don’t we child?” he spoke and caressed her left breast.
“I’m not… I don’t know, Lord Barbatas,” Kathryn stammered.  His touch was so cold it burned her skin.  His finger trailed down her stomach to the mass of red curls at her groin.  Kathryn shook and almost fell backward as the demon’s finger tried to push inside but encountered resistance.
Barbatas steadied her with his other hand, “Untouched by man or woman?”
Kathryn was breathing heavily, “No, my Lord.”
“But touched in your dreams?” Barbatas asked and began to rub her clitoris.
Kathryn moaned and fell against him.  Around her, the other coven members and demons were reaching their own climax.  “Oh, yes, in my dreams…”
Barbatas quickened the motion on her clitoris, “In your dreams, the man is dark with black hair and eyes of flaming red?”
“Yes!” she screamed, biting at the demon’s shoulder as she orgasmed.
The demon moved his hand up from her sex and placed it flat between her navel and her pubic hair.  Kathryn screamed in agony as the brand burned into her flesh.  
Barbatas dropped the exhausted girl to the floor.  The hands of those around her reached for her and tried to pull her into the orgy.
“No, let no one touch her.  She belongs to he that will come,” Barbatas commanded as he walked away.  The hands released her and returned to their pleasure.
“I’m damned,” Kathryn whispered to herself and passed out.
 
Billy: Lynchburg, VA 5:20 AM
Billy stood in the doorway of his parent’s house looking out at the street.  Several of his neighbors stood on the sidewalk looking up into the thick overcast that hung above their houses.  Billy wanted to warn them, but knew that it would make no difference.  In a few minutes, it would begin.
Billy held the only weapon his parent’s owned: his grandfather’s old .38 revolver.  There were six bullets in the chambers, but they were at least 40 years old.  Billy wondered if they would even fire.  But, he had one edge: he had reached out with his mind and found a man in Pawtucket, Rhode Island.  He was an elderly man of eighty-five, but he had been a New York City policeman in the sixties… and he was an expert marksman with a .38.

“Can you teach me?” Billy had asked.
He stood with the old man in a field, “I know this place.  It’s in the Jersey Pine Barrens.  I haven’t been here since I was a kid.  Am I dreaming?”
“Sort of, Officer Welch.  I really need your help,” Billy asked in the old man’s dream.  He stood in the field and held the gun in one hand, aiming at bottles in the distance.
“Well, first of all, you’re holding her all wrong.  Face your target full on, feet shoulder width apart.  Hold the gun with both hands,” Ari Welch straightened the boy’s shoulders.  “Now lock your elbows.  That’s right.  And squeeze the trigger.”
In the dream, Billy fired the gun and the bottle exploded.  “Fucking A, kid.  Nice shot.”
“Thanks, Officer Welch, I appreciate it,” Billy said as the dream had faded.
“Anytime, kid.  Shit, this is a helluva thing…”

Billy stood looking out the door, worrying whether the old bullets would work when the first demon swooped down and beheaded the man who lived across the street.  “Not yet, not yet,” Billy said to himself.  “Now!” Billy yelled and ran out of the house into the street.
He knew where the second demon was, knew what it was thinking, could count its breaths even as it swooped down from forty feet above him.  Billy turned, squared off in front of where it would be and held the revolver in both hands.  He aimed at the air, and a split second later he pulled the trigger.
The night echoed with the shot as the bullet found home between the demon’s eyes.  The creature dived into the street and died before it struck the asphalt.
Billy whirled.  The first demon had finished with the man next door and turned on him.  Billy pulled the trigger again, this time with no effect.  “Dud,” Billy cursed and pulled the trigger again.  This bullet ignited, but the powder was weak, the bullet curved sharply to the left missing the advancing demon by a yard.
The demon leaped across the street in a single jump, landing three feet from Billy as he pulled the trigger for the fourth time.  Another dud, and Billy fell backwards pulling the trigger a fifth time, still with no effect.  “Please God, let this one work,” Billy prayed as he pulled the finger for a sixth time with his eyes closed.  The night exploded with the sound of exploding gunpowder. Billy opened his eyes to see the demon spinning through the air and falling in two pieces on the pavement.  Billy looked at the .38 in awe.
“Get off your ass kid, there’s a helluva lot more coming down,” a voice called.  Billy rolled to his feet to see a tall one-armed man standing in the street beside a police cruiser.  He was wearing a bright orange jail uniform, and in his right hand he held the biggest shotgun Billy had ever seen.
“You shot the demon?” Billy asked.
“Yeah, now get in the car before… aww, shit,” Ray pointed the 12 gauge autoloader into the air and cut another demon in half thirty feet above the boy’s head.  “Come on!”
Billy ran to the car and leaped into the passenger side as Ray fired three more times before getting behind the wheel.  “Hang on, kid.”  Ray put the cruiser into gear and left a black trail of rubber as he accelerated down the street.
Billy picked up one of the rifles, “Can I borrow this?”
“May as well - useless for me. You gotta have two hands for it,” Ray yelled as he turned the corner.
Billy closed his eyes and concentrated.  The last user of this rifle was a SWAT team member named Gleason.  Gleason had been a Marine rifle instructor, and he used to tell the soldiers under his command not to spray and pray, no sir.  You gotta squeeze off two or three shots, numbnuts.  That’s the ticket.
Billy dropped the gun and shook his head, clearing Marine Master Sergeant Tyrone Gleason’s thoughts from his mind, but not his expertise with the military issue M4 rifle.  And then from out of nowhere he heard in his mind the scream of an eleven year old girl calling “Mommy!”
“Stop the car!” Billy screamed.
“When hell freezes over, kid.  We’re out of here,” Ray yelled back.
Billy didn’t say anything else, he simply reacted.  He opened the passenger side door and tumbled from the moving car into the street, the M4 in his hands.
“Jesus H. Christ!” Ray screamed and slammed on the brakes, fishtailing sideways on the empty street.
Billy was up on one knee facing a wooden two story house.  The air above him was filled with the clamor of beating wings, but he ignored the sound.  On the second floor of the house a demon was visible through an open bedroom window.  Billy raised the M4 to his shoulder, sighted along the barrel and squeezed off two shots with the M4, the first of which entered the left ear of the demon in the bedroom while the second separated the head from the creature’s body and sent it tumbling through the air.
Behind him, Ray cut down a demon that had almost tackled the boy from behind with a blast from the 12 gauge.  “Cover me,” Billy called over his shoulder to the one armed man.
“What the hell do you think I’m doing, punk?” Ray roared and sent another demon spinning to the ground.
Billy dashed into the house, the rifle held at hip level.
“Aw, hell, where are you going now?” Ray yelled.
The first floor of the house had been torn apart by the demons, but Billy ignored the carnage. He had to reach the second floor bedroom.  He turned right at the top of the stairs and came face to face with one of the demons.  It staggered backward, this was a first for it: all the other humans it had encountered thus far were running away from it, not toward it.  It snarled at Billy, but the boy barely paid any attention to it.  He had already made it to the bedroom door.
The startled demon regained its composure and rushed at Billy, but the boy was ready.  He stepped to the right just as the demon reached him, causing the demon to crash against the door and knock it from its hinges.  The demon shook its head, and rose up on its hands and knees as Billy fired three shots into its back, killing it.
Billy stepped into the room. The little girl was there, hiding in the corner.  “Hi,” Billy said.
“Hi,” the girl answered.  “Is my Mom with you?”
“No, I’m sorry.  But I think she would want you to come with me, okay?” Billy held out his hand.
“I don’t know you,” the girl, clad in a night shirt said and cowered back.  She had settled into a hollow between her dresser and the wall.
“My name’s Billy,” the boy said, then spun on his heel and fired two shots into a demon that was trying to come through the window.  The demon fell onto the lawn below.  Billy turned back to the girl, “We really need to go, okay?”
“Okay, I guess,” she said and walked over to Billy.  “My shoes are downstairs.”
“We’ll get them on the way out,” Billy said.  He turned toward the hallway, it was filled with demons that were approaching the door.  “Oops, change of plan.”
Billy ushered the girl toward the open window.  On the lawn below, Ray was still killing demons in midair.  “What the fuck are you doing up there, kid?”
“That’s an ugly word.  You’re not supposed to say that,” the girl yelled down from the window.
Ray turned and stared at the child in amazement, “Great, another one.  My cup runneth over.”  Ray aimed at the roof and cut down another demon that was reaching down toward the girl in the window.
Billy took the girl by the hand, “I’m going to lower you out the window, okay?”
“I don’t like that man, he says bad words,” the girl complained.
“I know, but he’s really a nice man, I promise,” Billy explained and held the girl by the left hand as he lowered her out the window.  With the girl on the ground, Billy rolled onto his back just as the demons from the hallway entered the room.  He fired blindly into the mass of demons, saying his apologies to Master Sergeant Gleason wherever he was and then fell backwards out the window.
Ray was herding the girl toward the cruiser when Billy caught up with them.  They got into the cruiser and drove away.
 

We walked the narrow path, 
beneath the smoking skies.
Sometimes you can barely tell the difference 
between darkness and light.
Do you have faith 
in what you believe?
The truest test is when we cannot, 
when we cannot see.
	- Graeme Revell and Jane Siberry

George Leeds: Lynchburg, VA 8:40 AM
George sat beside the ruined altar of St. Paul’s Episcopal Church, the church where he had held service every Sunday morning for the past fifteen years.  He looked around the room, the demons had done an efficient job of destroying the church.  The stained glass windows had been shattered as if by a bomb.  The pews and pulpit had been smashed to pieces along with the crucifix.
The worst desecration lay on the altar.  There under a sheet were the remains of his wife and eight year old daughter.  This was a funeral service, the last George Leeds Episcopal Priest would ever hold.
“Why in the last hours of creation did you forsake us?” George asked, his voice echoing through the shattered church.  “You were supposed to come like a thief in the night and deliver Your people.  Do You remember?”
“You promised!” George screamed and fell on the floor.  “My wife, my child!  What did they do to deserve this?  Torn apart!”
“Why was I spared?  Why didn’t you kill me along with them?” George stood up in the middle of the church and screamed at heaven.  “Well, to hell with You!  If You ever existed… or maybe You’re just dead.  Either way, I won’t waste any more time on You.  Do You hear?  I’m going to get some vengeance on these bastards.  Vengeance was Yours before but its mine now.”
George lit a match, he had soaked the room in gasoline before.  He looked toward the altar where all he had loved lay dead.  “I’m so sorry,” he whispered to their bodies, and then he dropped the match onto the soaked floor.

Barbatas: Charlottesville, 12:00 PM
Barbatas stood on the hillside beside the high energy physics lab and watched as the demon army continued to file through the gate.  They had ripped away part of the metal wall to allow the demons to exit the building more quickly.  As they cleared the outside of the building, the demons took flight.
The town of Charlottesville was burning, as were all of the population centers within 1000 miles.  The churning black cloud above now covered a third of the earth, blocking out the sun.
The university beyond the gates of the lab had proven an adequate breeding ground for the diseases he had unleashed before dawn.  The streets of the town were filled with vampires, werewolves and ghouls.  And this was the real strength of hell’s army.  The demons spread fear and chaos, but it was the diseases that would break down the human resistance.  His demons could inflict great damage, but they were fragile creations.
The flying demons were attacking the eastern half of the United States and advancing across the Mississippi river, the disease carriers following close behind.
Inside the lab, a horn blew, and the flow of demons stopped.  Barbatas walked back inside.  On the platform stood a massive demon, standing some twelve feet high.  Barbatas dropped to his knees and took on his demonic form, “Lord Asmodeus, it is begun.”
The great demon’s voice caused the walls to shake, “Rise Barbatas and attend me.”
“As you order, my lord,” Barbatas stood and walked beside the demon as it stepped into the gloom outside.
“You have done well,” Asmodeus said.
“Thank you, my lord,” Barbatas began.  “We will control the eastern half of this continent by evening, the remainder by tomorrow morning.”
“How long until we subdue all of man?” Asmodeus asked, studying his servant.
“No more than six days, lord,” Barbatas replied.
The elder demon laughed, “Fitting.  The dark lord will be pleased.”
“Will you be taking command of the army, lord?” Barbatas asked.
“No, you will be in command of the forces for a few more hours.  Then Lucifuge Rofocale will relieve you.”
Barbatas looked up in astonishment, “Rofocale?  But, my lord, he has no experience in such matters…”
Asmodeus grasped the younger demon’s arm.  “Come away from the underlings for a moment,” he whispered and led Barbatas away from the lesser demons gathered around the building.
Once they were safely away, Asmodeus continued, “The civil war in Asteroth’s lands is not going well.  The dark lord himself has taken command of Asteroth’s army.  I myself must return to aid them soon.”
“But Rofocale…” Barbatas began.
“Is useless, yes I know.  But the dark lord wants one of the inner circle to lead the attack here on earth.  Relax, not even hell’s accountant could fail at this task.  Remember, we were promised dominion over the earth before we were cast out of heaven.  The civil war is a different matter, it is an internal affair and the outcome is not assured.”
“Yes, lord,” Barbatas agreed.
“Rofocale is a fool and can be easily influenced.  Use this to your advantage.  Ingratiate yourself to him, stroke his ego, do whatever it takes.  Above all Barbatas, make sure this invasion succeeds.  We cannot afford to fight the rebels in hell on one front and the humans here on earth.  Subdue them Barbatas, quickly,” Asmodeus began walking back toward the platform.
“You can count on me, my lord,” Barbatas called after him.
“I certainly hope so,” the demon lord said and stepped back through the gate to hell.

High on the hill above the high energy physics lab, Nathan Campbell had watched the activity around the building from the roof of the old university observatory.  Nathan had worked for the astronomy department for five years and he knew the old building well.  Friday huddled near his master’s side as they stared down at the lab in the hollow below.
“Guess we know where they’re coming from, huh?” Nathan whispered.  The dog agreed with a low growl.  Nathan had watched the flight paths of the demons earlier in the morning and had figured that they were coming from observatory hill.  He and the dog had secured some weapons by breaking into the closest gun shop and had hiked through the darkness to the old observatory.
“Look at them pour out of there,” Nathan remarked.  “There must be some sort of tunnel to hell inside the building.”  He rubbed the dog’s ears.  “Well, boy, a door that can be opened can be closed again.  And we have got to close that door.”
 
Ray, Billy and Rebecca: Sedalia, VA 7:30 PM
“It’ll be dark soon,” Ray said.  He was leaning on the kitchen sink, looking out through the dirty window of the cabin.  The cabin had belonged to the boy’s grandfather, and it had seemed to be as safe as anywhere else.  The black clouds above had completely blocked the sun all day.  “That is, it’ll be darker soon.”
The building was small, a square barely 20 feet on a side, but it was secluded.  The water came from a well on the property and if the power failed, they could pump it by hand.
Billy sat on the floor with his back against the wall, rocking slowly and staring into nothing.  This worried Ray, the boy hadn’t said more than three words since they had entered the cabin.  He just sat and stared.
The girl, on the other hand (“Rebecca Simms, pleased to meet you.  My Mother says that profanity is the last refuge of a weak mind, you don’t have a weak mind do you?”) hadn’t stopped talking since they had rescued her.  They both have their own ways of coping, I guess, Ray thought.
In the corner, Billy began to shake his head slowly from side to side.  “They don’t have a good place to hide,” he said softly.
Ray turned and looked at the boy, “Who doesn’t, Billy?”
Billy looked up, “My parents.  They’re in a basement in Cleveland.  It’s too dangerous there.  If they’d just gotten a little away from town…”  Tears began to flow from the boy’s eyes.
“Can you really see them, kid?” Ray asked.
The boy nodded, wiping a tear from his cheek.
You’re having trouble believing he’s psychic? Ray thought.  It’s the end of the world.  The Archangel Michael broke you out of the drunk tank this morning.  You spent the entire day killing demons.  And, you have a hard time believing this kid is psychic?
Rebecca walked over to the boy and put her arm around his neck.  “It’s okay, Billy.  Don’t cry.”
“They’re at the door,” Billy said, his eyes were staring off into space again.
Ray spun around leveling the 12 gauge at the front door.
“Ray,” Rebecca said softly. “He’s talking about Cleveland, not here.”
Ray relaxed his grip on the gun and walked over to where the two kids sat on the dusty wooden floor.
Billy was whimpering under his breath, “Maybe they’ll go away.”
“Who are they, Billy?” Rebecca asked.
“People, only not anymore.  They’re cold and they hate and they are so hungry,” Billy whispered.
“Billy, stop,” Ray said.  “Can you break the connection?  Come back here with us, Billy.”  He laid the gun on the floor and sat down beside the children.
“They’re in!” Billy screamed.  Rebecca hugged his neck tight and buried her face in the boy’s shoulder.  “Oh, God, Ray.  They’re in the basement.  There’s no place for my parents to run, Ray!”
“Billy, you have to stop.  Please stop, son,” Ray was shaking the boy now, as Rebecca cried against his shoulder.
Billy stopped.  “They’re gone, Ray.  My parents are gone,” the boy slumped over exhausted and crying.  
The little girl wiped the tears from her eyes, “It’s okay, Billy.  I’m an orphan too,” she said and hugged him as tight as she could.
Ray put his arm around both of them, and they huddled close to the big man.  “I guess we all are.”  And, for a time, Ray Adair cried as well.
 
Nathan: Charlottesville, VA 11:00 PM
“That guy looks human to me, Friday.  What do you think?” Nathan whispered to the dog.  The dog grunted its agreement.
They were still lying on top of the observatory, watching the activity below.  The object of Nathan’s scrutiny was a greasy looking college kid talking with the boss demon.  Nathan had seen him come and go numerous times over the last eight hours.  He occasionally saw other people go in, but “greasy” was the only one who seemed to come and go as he pleased.  The rest were being kept busy inside the building.
At the lab below, “greasy” must have received his orders.  Because he bowed to the demon, turned and ran off to his car outside the fence.  “Friday, I think we need to have a conversation with our little brown nosing friend there when he comes back.”
“Greasy” started his car, an old beat up Toyota, and kicked up dust as he drove down the winding gravel road toward Charlottesville.  Nathan and Friday climbed down through the trapdoor in the roof into the observatory.  A moment later they ran out into the night, stopping midway down the hill beside the gravel road.
 
Barbatas: Charlottesville, VA 12:00 AM, the second day
Lucifuge Rofocale, Prime Minister of hell stood on the hillside outside the high energy physics lab and looked down at the burning city of Charlottesville.  “Magnificent, you’ve done well, Barbatas.”
“Thank you, lord Prime Minister,” Barbatas said in his most servile voice.
“Of course, I would have done things a little differently,” Rofocale observed.
Barbatas’ rage almost showed through, but he regained control before the elder demon detected it, “Please, lord Prime Minister, share your thoughts with me.”
“You should be on the front lines, my dear Barbatas,” Lucifuge explained.  “The minions fight much better when they see one of the elite fighting alongside.  I dare say you would have conquered half this world by now.  Also, why do you have so many demons just standing here?  All who can fight should be on the line.”
Insipid fool, Barbatas thought.  “Ahh, lord Prime Minister, if only I had your guidance at the start of this campaign.  Mistakenly, I have remained here at this gateway to protect it.”
“Protect it?” Lucifuge asked, the confusion showing on his huge dragon like face.
“Yes, lord Prime Minister.  You see, the humans have created technology which opened this gate.  I feared that this same technology could be used to close it,” Barbatas stated.
Rofocale was silent for a moment, “But, protect it from whom, Barbatas?  We are defeating the humans on all fronts.”
“It is not an army I fear, lord Prime Minister.  But I do fear individuals acting alone.  Unpredictable, these humans.  This damnable free will they were given,” Barbatas said.
“Your point is well made, Barbatas.  You were correct to remain close to the gate,” Rofocale admitted.
Barbatas almost laughed at how easily he had swayed the elder, but he was very disturbed by the fact that Rofocale had not seen this himself.  The demon was truly a fool.
“However, I must insist that you send the demons stationed here on to the front.  I do not believe the humans pose enough of a threat to warrant any more security here than you yourself can provide,” Rofocale said with a smile.
Bastard! Barbatas thought, but kept it to himself.  “As you command, lord Prime Minister.”
“Don’t worry, Barbatas.  In my report to Satan, I will not mention this misuse of forces.  He should be adequately pleased with your progress,” Rofocale assured him.
“You are too kind, lord Prime Minister,” Barbatas said and wondered how he could protect the most important passage in the entire universe all by himself.
 
Ray, Billy and Rebecca: Sedalia, VA 2:00 AM the second day
Billy’s grandfather had used the cabin as a hunting lodge, and had furnished it with eight cots for his family and friends to use while hunting deer.  Rebecca was stretched out on one of the cots.  Ray had covered her with a blanket he had found in the trunk of the cruiser.
Ray and Billy sat on opposite sides of a worn folding card table in the tiny kitchen area.  The boy had his eyes closed as his head turned slowly to the left and then to the right.  “Nothing,” he said.
For the past two hours, they had been using Billy’s abilities as a sort of radar.  He reached out with his mind - not far, a mile at most.  But he touched the mind of any intelligent creature in that one mile radius.  He had only detected one other creature in those two hours: a vampire who had only been passing through.
“Take a rest,” Ray said.
“Okay,” Billy slumped back in the chair.
Ray was worried.  The more the boy used this power, the more haggard he looked.  “Have you always been able to do this?”
“A little, but from the time that first trumpet sounded it’s been a thousand times stronger.  It used to be I’d get a feeling about what someone was thinking.  Now I can hear their thoughts as clear as talking to you,” the boy said, rubbing his eyes.
“Can you block it out?” Ray asked.
“A little, but there’s always some in the background.  Sort of like when you’re listening to AM radio, and you can kind of hear another station at the same time,” Billy said.  “Like, right now, there’s a preacher in Lynchburg who hates God.  I think he set fire to a church earlier.  There’s another man in Charlottesville who’s going to beat the shit out of somebody named ‘greasy’.”
“What about the demons?  Can you read their minds?” Ray asked.
“Their minds are like animals.  All they think about are killing, raping and destroying.  But there’s another mind that guides them.  I can almost touch it, but I’m afraid,” the boy said staring into Ray’s face.
“Why?”
“Because, I think if I touched his mind, he’d know.  And, he’d come here and kill us, Ray,” the boy whispered.
“Then you stay the f…” Caught myself, Ray thought, no weak minds here.  “You stay away from his mind, Billy.  Far away, okay?”
“Okay, Ray,” Billy agreed.  “I’m going to kill them all.  I decided this afternoon.  I’m going to make them pay.  The vampires and the demons are all going to die.”
“Don’t let the hate eat you up, kid,” Ray said.
“Mind if I sleep for a while?” Billy asked, pushing back from the table.
“Sure, I’ll keep watch,” Ray promised.
“Thanks,” Billy said and lay down on the cot beside Rebecca’s.  He was tired, but Billy did not sleep.  He reached out with his mind instead.
Billy created a room in his mind.  It was a gymnasium, and at its center, Billy placed a round table with folding chairs.  He was planning a meeting, and his invitation list was very specific.
From an occult bookstore in Santa Cruz, he pulled Stanley Riggs, an expert on demonology.  He found Hideshi Takamura, an expert in Okinawan martial arts, dying in his home near San Francisco.  General Adam Whittaker, an expert on military tactics and strategy was locked in a bunker somewhere in the Rockies.  And, eighteen year old Rich Lambeth, an expert on homebrew explosives and kitchen chemistry was bleeding to death in a ditch near his Chicago home.
They looked around stunned as their minds were pulled into the imaginary gymnasium.  Billy stood up and greeted them, “Gentlemen, I’m sorry to impose on you like this.  But, it’s the end of the world and I need you to teach me everything you know as quickly as possible.”
 

Nathan: Charlottesville, VA 4:00 AM the second day
Seymour “Lightbane” Levitz’s skull whacked the windshield of the Toyota.  The car’s forward progress had been abruptly stopped by a large log that had been laid across the road.  He had been on his way back to the gate to report to Barbatas.  
His eyes immediately filled with tears.  Luckily, he had only been going about twenty miles an hour when he had hit the log or the impact with the windshield might have killed him.  He shook his head to clear it and was surprised when the driver’s side door opened and he was dragged onto the loose gravel of the road.  “What the fuck?” he croaked, then the world went black.

Nathan felt the boy’s pulse.  Alive, which was good.  He dropped the rock he had pummeled “greasy” with and dragged him up the hill toward the observatory.  The dog followed along happily, this was much more entertaining than the roof stakeout.
Inside the observatory, Nathan tossed a bucket of water from the janitor’s closet on the boy.  “Greasy” spluttered and choked on the mop water before sitting up.  “What the fuck is this?” the boy demanded.
Nathan tossed the now empty bucket on his lap.  “Shut up,” he waved a nine millimeter pistol in the boy’s direction.  “I’m asking the questions.”
“You just made the biggest and last mistake of your life, man,” Seymour spat.  He held his hands out palm up.  “Globus Incindium,” he recited and immediately blue fire began to dance across his fingertips.
Nathan took a step back in surprise, “Shit.”
“I’m going to burn you, man.  I’m going to burn you good,” Seymour said as he stood up and walked toward his abductor.  He flicked his right index finger at Nathan and a ball of blue flame struck the nine millimeter pistol.  Nathan dropped the gun as it burned his hand.
“Don’t you know what I am, man?”  Seymour flipped a second fireball at Nathan, singing his hair as it narrowly missed his head.  “I’m a warlock, leader of my coven.  Fuck that, soon I’m going to be the most powerful mage on this planet.  And you come at me with a gun?”
“Not just a gun, kid,” Nathan said calmly.
“Oh, yeah, what else ya got?” Seymour laughed.
“Friday, tear him up!” Nathan commanded and the dog obeyed.  Friday leaped from where he had been hiding under a work table and tackled the most powerful mage on the planet.  The big dog’s jaws closed on Seymour’s throat and tore away cartilage, skin and bone.
The dog let go as he felt Seymour die, then trotted to his master’s side.  “You are such a good boy, Friday,” Nathan said rubbing the dog’s ears.  “That’s the second time you’ve saved my ass, big guy.”
 
Ray: Sedalia, VA 5:30 AM the second day
Ray had almost fallen asleep when he realized he wasn’t alone with the sleeping children.  A figure was standing in the shadows by the front door.  Ray swung the 12 gauge toward the figure and pulled the trigger.  Nothing happened.
“You don’t need that, Ray,” a familiar voice said.
“Michael?” Ray asked.
“Yes, I…” the angel began, but he was cut off as the one armed man leaped toward him from the chair.  Michael side stepped and ducked Ray’s swinging fist. 
“You son of a bitch.  This is all your fault.  These two kids orphaned, in pain,” Ray cried and went down hard on the floor.
“Please restrain yourself,” Michael advised and Ray found himself unable to move.  The angel knelt down in front of him.  “I’m sorry for all this, Ray.  Truly I am.  But, this isn’t my will.  I’m just the messenger.”
“Why do I get the impression you’re lying?” Ray asked with a snarl.
Michael smiled slightly, “Well, I am a little more than a messenger I suppose.  More of a meddler.”
“What do you mean?”
“This is Armageddon, as promised by God.  But, I’ve made some… modifications,” the angel explained.
“What sort of modifications?” Ray asked.
“I’ve set certain events in motion to help the human race.  That’s all I can say,” Michael said as he sat down at the folding table.
“Like letting me out of jail?”
“Precisely.  I’m sorry, Ray, but for me to explain any more would be against the rules.”
“Rules?  Is this some kind of game to you?” Ray demanded as he stood up.
“Not a game.  A war, Ray.  A terrible war between good and evil that must be waged.  By you, by these children, and others whom you haven’t met.  But listen to me, Ray.  Things are happening that are, well, they’re not as I expected.  All I can say is that there is real hope now for all of you.  Hope that wasn’t here this morning.  Do you understand?” the angel asked.
“Hell no, I stopped understanding anything the minute you opened my cell door,” Ray complained and sat down at the table across from the angel.
Michael laughed, and despite his anger, Ray was beginning to like the angel, “Ray Adair, you’re a good man and you’re becoming a better one.”
“Thanks, I think,” Ray said.
“I’ve come here to tell you that you’ll be safe here for a time.  Things will change soon and you’ll be able to go back to town,” the angel said.
Ray looked at the angel for a moment, “Is that it?”
“Yes.  I’m sorry, I can’t see much farther than that,” Michael sighed.
“Is this going to be a nightly thing?  Sort of like the evening news?  You pop in and give me all the latest gossip from heaven?” Ray asked.
“No, this will be our last conversation for quite a while I imagine,” the angel answered and vanished.
Ray fell backward out of his seat, “I hate when he does that.”
 
Nathan: Charlottesville, VA 10:30 AM the second day
Dawn came; at least Nathan thought it had.  The daytime was only slightly brighter than the night.  He sat in the observatory lab and studied the dead boy’s face.  His forehead was marked with an inverted pentagram with lines five inches long.  The angles on the lines were perfect as if it had been drawn using a computer.  At the center of the pentagram, three sixes were inscribed at the points of an imaginary inverted triangle.
Nathan stood and looked out the window into the gloom.  He had a plan.  It was insane, suicidal and it probably wouldn’t work; however, he was tired of hiding in the observatory.  It was time to act.
He returned to the table and picked up the drawing he had made of the demonic brand.  Nathan had never been more than a wedding and funeral church-goer, but he recognized the significance of the symbols on the paper.  This was the mark of the Beast from a dozen cheesy horror films.  If this proved the existence of the devil, then it also proved the existence of his opposite.  And so, Nathan Campbell, former astronomer, former doubter got down on his knees and prayed to a God he hoped was listening.
“Not much to say, God.  I know this is the end of the world, and there probably isn’t a damned thing I can do about it.  But, I have to try.  So, I’m asking for your help, and your forgiveness for what I have to do.  Amen,” Nathan said and returned to the table.
He had found a blow torch in the janitor’s closet and a coat hanger.  He measured a five inch long straight section of the coat hanger and bent the rest of the hanger around it to form a handle.  Nathan lit the blow torch.
The dog whimpered and backed under the work table.  “It’s okay, boy.  I know what I’m doing.”
Nathan heated the hanger over the torch until it glowed red.  He had propped a mirror he ripped from the wall of the observatory bathroom on the table and he studied his forehead in it as he drew the hot wire toward himself.
“Five times, I have to do this five times,” he whispered to himself.  “This is for Lisa,” he said out loud and branded himself with the wire diagonally from the hairline above his left eye to the space between his eyebrows.
He screamed, but did not falter.  “This is for the people in this town,” he sobbed as he burned himself from the hairline above his right eye to the space between his eyebrows.  His legs gave way under him as he screamed and he tumbled forward off the chair.
Nathan pulled himself back into the chair and reheated the wire.  “This is for the children you’ve orphaned,” he cried as he branded a horizontal line above his brow.  He dropped the wire onto the floor.  The dog yelped and backed away.  A moment later, Nathan reached down and picked up the wire.
He heated the wire again.  “This is for the children you’ve murdered,” and he connected the left end of the horizontal brand to the right point.  He did not cry out this time.
Once more in the fire, and then he said, “This is for all we could have been, but won’t be now.”  His skin smoked as he completed the pentagram.
He had wondered if his hatred for the demons in the building down the hill would be enough to help him through this.  But as he heated the very tip of the wire to inscribe the sixes, he realized that there was something else that was sustaining him.  Maybe God was answering his prayer by guiding his hand as he inscribed the first six perfectly, then the second and finally the third.
He reached to turn off the torch, but stopped short.  Instead, he opened his shirt.  He worked with the wire and bent it into a new shape.  “Almost done, Friday,” he told the dog.  Friday crawled out of his hiding place and laid his great head on his master’s right foot.
Nathan Campbell heated the wire in the flame and did not flinch as he branded a cross above his heart.
 
George: Lynchburg, VA 11:00 PM the second day
George Leeds, former Episcopal Priest and novice arsonist, sat on the stone wall outside his burned out church looking at the ruins.  He had been here all day and into the night.  Several times throughout the day, demons had passed nearby but none had taken any interest in him.  An hour earlier, a snarling wolf-like monstrosity had shambled by without giving him a single glance.
Perhaps they’re afraid of insane people, George thought. Or, maybe I’m one of them now since I renounced God.
“Father?” a voice said from behind him.
“Not anymore,” George answered without turning.
“Father George?  That is you isn’t it?” the voice asked again.
George turned and looked at the owner of the voice.  It was Frank Mitchell, a member of George’s congregation.  The short man held a flashlight in one hand, a hunting rifle in the other.  Even in the dark, George could see drying blood on the man’s shirt and pants.  In the street behind Frank, George could see dozens of other people.  Men, women, and children shivering and frightened in the night air.
“Oh, thank God,” Frank said.  “Everybody, it’s him.  It’s Father George.  I told you he’d be here.”
“God’s dead,” George mumbled.
“What was that Father?” Frank asked turning back to him.
He almost repeated himself, but the look in the small man’s eyes made him stop.  He may have given up on God, but he wouldn’t crush the spark of hope he saw in this man’s eyes, maybe the only hope the man had left.  “Nothing important.”
“Father, what should we do?  We’ve been looking all day for someone to tell us what to do,” a woman asked from somewhere behind Frank.
“I don’t understand, why are you…” George said as he stood up from the fence.
“You’re the only priest or reverend left, Father.” another voice said.  “The demons have killed the rest.”
“I am?” George asked.
The people began to crowd around him, asking him all manner of questions.  “Go away, leave me alone!  I don’t believe any more,” he wanted to scream at them.
“Should we surrender, Father?” a man asked.
“Surrender?” George was suddenly furious.  “Surrender?  You want to surrender to these things?  The creatures that killed everyone we know?  The creatures that killed my wife and my eight year old child?”
The crowd took a step back, “Then what should we do, Father?”
“I’ll tell you what you should do,” George said and walked over to Frank.  He grasped the man’s right hand and raised the hunting rifle into the air.  “You pick up one of these and you fight.  And, when you run out of bullets for this, you pick up a knife.  And, when you run out of knives you pick up a stick or a rock.  You fight these bastards with whatever you have.  Because when you stop fighting, you die and with you the whole human race.”
From somewhere in the back of the crowd, a full rich voice continued, “’Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might.  Put on the whole armor of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.  For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.  Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.’  That’s from the sixth chapter of Ephesians,” the voice said.
George strained to see the face of the man who spoke, but he was somewhere near the back.  “Do I know you?” George asked.
The voice answered, “I don’t think so.  I was just passing through town when all this happened.  My name is Michael.”
“Pleased to meet you,” George answered.
“Will you lead us, Father?” Frank asked.
“No, I can’t.  You need someone with military training,” George explained.
“Please, Father.  There’s no one else we can turn to,” a woman’s voice pleaded from the shadows.  Her voice was joined by the voices of others begging him.
I’m so tired, George thought.  “All right, all right.  We’ll start by getting all of you into shelter.”  George pointed to the Victorian house beside the burned out church.  “The church rescue mission was untouched by the fire.  There’s food and water there, even blankets and cots.  I want all the women and children in there now.  Anybody with a gun is on sentry duty inside the mission.  I need ten volunteers, armed volunteers, to come with me to get more weapons from the police station down the street…”
From the back of the group, Michael walked away into the gloom.
 
Nathan: Charlottesville, VA 7:00 PM the fourth day
Nathan had found a short wave radio a little after branding himself.  He had been listening to it for the past two days while he waited on the brands to heal.  The brands on the kid’s forehead had looked older than his.  He suspected that there was something different when a demon branded someone.
He looked at his forehead in the mirror.  The swelling was going down and the wounds were scabbing over.  Soon he would be able to walk into the high energy physics lab and pass as one of them, he hoped.
Nathan turned the tuning dial on the shortwave slowly.  It was getting harder to pick up stations.  The demon cloud was spreading over the entire world, and with each passing hour another city would go off the air.  The previous night, he had listened to the last words from the BBC: a speech by the British Prime Minister that ended with the words “…no matter what, we will fight on,” then nothing but static.
Today, the only English language broadcast had originated in Australia.  Sydney had gone off the air at 5:00 PM, with a speech that echoed the British stand.
Nathan had placed a globe of the earth on the table beside the radio.  He had drawn circles on the globe every few hours to keep track of the advancing cloud.  Two hours before, he had drawn a circle beyond Sydney.
Nathan reached the limit of the tuning wheel and began to turn the grooved plastic disk back toward the beginning of the channels.
“Can anyone hear me?” a voice asked from the radio.  It was a woman’s voice that sounded like it was far away.
“This is BBC International broadcasting from Wellington, New Zealand.  My name is Corinne Goodall.  I’m a receptionist here, but you see, everyone’s left except for the engineer.  He needed someone to do the talking while he ran the equipment,” the voice said.  Interference caused her voice to modulate slightly as she spoke, giving it an unearthly quality.
“The demon cloud just became visible from our position here looking west.  The authorities say that it is 150 miles from the island, moving at a rate of ten miles per hour.  They tell me that New Zealand is the only place not covered by the cloud.  Please, if there is anyone out there who can help us.  I… we are very frightened…” Corinne’s voice faded into static.
Nathan looked at the globe, then drew a circle around New Zealand.  Friday placed his head on Nathan’s lap and looked up into his eyes with that soulful look that can only be pulled off by children and dogs.  “In less than fifteen hours, I have to find a way to close that gate, Friday.  Otherwise, I don’t think it’s going to matter anymore.”
The dog continued the gaze, then opened his mouth and lolled his tongue out in a goofy grin.
Nathan rubbed the dog’s head, “You up for saving the world?”
The dog woofed.  
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Nathan said.
 
Kathryn: Charlottesville, VA 8:00 PM the fourth day
Kathryn was making dolls out of paper clips.  She was locked in the office of Professor Lyle Jennings, late director of the University of Virginia High Energy Physics Lab.  This twelve by twelve foot room had been her prison for the last four days, and she had no idea why.
Arcane symbols were drawn on all four walls in human blood.  They had been drawn by two of the other witches in her coven just before they had locked Kathryn in.  She had recognized the sigils as a nullifying field: anyone within the four walls marked by the sigils would be unable to use magic.
If Kathryn weren’t so pissed off about her confinement, she would have laughed at the sigils.  Although she was a true believer in the powers of darkness, especially given the present circumstances, she had never seen a single spell actually work.  
“Keeping yourself busy?”
Kathryn looked up.  The voice belonged to another member of her coven, a goth girl who called herself Crumb.  The girl stood in the now open doorway, holding a plate of steaming food.
“When am I getting out of this fucking room?” Kathryn asked, tossing the paper clip dolls onto the floor.
“Hey, don’t ask me.  Barbatas just said we were supposed to feed you and nobody can know you in the biblical sense,” Crumb said, her voice rising when she said the word ‘know’.
“This sucks,” Kathryn complained.  She dropped her head to the desk blotter.
“Cheer up, at least he’s feeding you,” Crumb set the plate on the blotter in front of Kathryn’s nose.  
“Any idea what this shit is?” she asked, wrinkling her nose.  It looked vaguely like potato soup, but she doubted that’s what it was.
“No idea,” Crumb said, and sat down on the desk.  “Barbatas takes the empty plate through the gate to hell and comes back with a full plate.  Bon Appetite.”
“Thanks,” Kathryn said with a frown.  She was being fed once a day and the menu was always the same.
“What does it taste like?” Crumb asked, leaning over to sniff the plate.  Kathryn noticed the brand on the girl’s forehead had completely healed.
“Chicken,” Kathryn said.  “And, what’s with the sigils?”
“You’re kidding, right?” Crumb looked at her with astonishment.
“What do you mean?” Kathryn leaned back in the desk chair.
Crumb started to dip her finger in the soup, “Do you mind?”
“Knock yourself out,” Kathryn answered.
Crumb swirled her index finger in the liquid and licked it off, “Mmm, delish.”
“Crumb?  The sigils?” Kathryn repeated.
“Oh, sorry.  They’re to keep you from using magic,” Crumb picked up Kathryn’s spoon and took another bite.
“Magic doesn’t work, Crumb,” Kathryn said shaking her head.
“Sister, it might not have worked before, but it does now.  At least it works outside these four walls.  Without these sigils, you’d be able to blow a hole in the wall ten feet across and escape.  Is it hot in here?” Crumb asked, rubbing her forehead.
“No,” Kathryn said.
“Whew, I’m burning up.  And horny too,” Crumb said and looked at the spoon.  “Holy shit, do you know what this is?  It’s an aphrodisiac.”
“Umm, yeah, I thought it was just me.  So you’re feeling it too?” Kathryn asked.
“You’ve been locked in here eating this stuff for four days?  You must be climbing the walls!” Crumb said and stood up.  She took a wobbly step forward, “Whoa, that is some heavy shit.  Much more of this stuff and I’d bang Halitosis Seymour, if he wasn’t dead.”
Kathryn sat up, “Seymour’s dead?”
“Hmm?  Yeah, at least we think he is.  Nobody’s seen him since yesterday.  He went into town to do something for Barbatas and didn’t come back,” Crumb was stumbling toward the door.  “I gotta go now.”
“Have fun,” Kathryn smiled.
Crumb laughed and locked the door behind her.
Kathryn picked up the plate and studied the concoction.  She didn’t even want to think about what an aphrodisiac manufactured in hell contained.  She opened the bottom left hand drawer of the desk.  The previous three days worth of demon chow filled the bottom third of the drawer, and she added today’s helping to the mess.
She then opened the bottom right hand drawer and pulled out one hostess cupcake and a handful of potato chips.  Lucky for her, Professor Jennings had been a junk food junkie.
She took a bite of cupcake.  Kathryn didn’t like being locked up, and she certainly didn’t trust food that was provided by a demonic jailer.  What the hell do they have in mind for me that requires me to be juiced up on demon Spanish Fly? she thought.
 
Nathan: Charlottesville, VA 8:30 PM the fourth day
“How do you explain to a dog that he’s supposed to wait for you three hours, and if you don’t come back he should head for the hills?” Nathan asked the dog as he rubbed his shaggy neck.
“Answer: you can’t,” he said quietly.  Friday was well trained, and if Nathan told him to stay, he’d stay until he starved to death.  But, there was no way he could take the dog down the hill with him.  He hadn’t seen anyone enter the high energy physics lab with an animal, and he couldn’t afford to attract any extra attention to himself.  Nathan set a large bowl of water in front of the dog and stood up.  “Friday, stay.”
The dog whimpered in protest, but sank down to the floor beside the bowl and gave his master that teary-eyed dog look.
“Hey, cut it out.  I’ll be back,” Nathan promised and hoped he could live up to his words.
A moment later, Nathan had closed the door behind him and began walking down the gravel road that led to the gates of hell.
Nathan, you should go back, get that dog and get the hell away from this place, Lisa’s voice, four days dead, came into his mind.  
I know, he thought.  But you see, there’s a few things I have to do first, babe.  I’ve got to settle a few scores.  Buy some people in New Zealand a little time.  Save the world.
Nathan walked past a demon.  It had been standing on the road, almost invisible with its leathery brown skin blending into the dark.  The demon regarded him for a second, looked at his forehead and then looked away.
You’re crazy, you know that? Lisa’s voice answered in his mind.  
Nathan had started to sweat.  Yep.  I sure am.  I’m walking into the gates of hell and talking to a ghost.
Ahead, bonfires had been built on the lawn in front of the high energy physics lab.  Demons marched out of the entrance to the lab in columns six across.  As they reached the broken down fence of the installation, they began to flap their leathery, bat-like wings and flew into the darkness.
Nathan walked across a section of chain link fence that was lying on the ground and onto the lawn.  The marching demon soldiers took no notice of him as he walked into the building.
Inside, a giant stood.  It wasn’t a demon, at least it didn’t look like the others.  This creature stood at least twelve feet tall and bulged with muscles.  Its pink skin was hairless and its eyes were milky white.  Two bore like tusks stuck up from its lower jaw over the creature’s upper lip.  The creature looked down at Nathan and roared.
Well, that’s it, I’m dead, Nathan thought.
“What are you doing here?” a demon standing to the left of the giant asked.  It was barely over four feet tall, and Nathan hadn’t noticed it.  The demon waddled as it walked up to him.
“I met a witch in town, he told me to come up here and help out,” Nathan said, trying to sound confident.
“Lightbane?” the demon cried in a high whiny voice.  “Where is he?”
“I don’t know, isn’t he here?” Nathan asked.
“No,” the demon was standing in front of him now, peering up into his eyes.  “You don’t know where he is?”
The creature’s breath was nauseating.  Mixed with the odor of the giant beside him, Nathan was ready to gag.  “No, sorry.  Listen, if you don’t want me here, I can leave.”
The demon studied him for a moment, “No, no.  Move along.”  The demon stepped aside.
Nathan stood in place, looking up at the giant.  It was drooling a steady stream from its lower lip to the floor.
The demon chuckled, “Don’t mind the ogre, boy.  He’s been fed today already.”
Nathan smiled back and stepped into the cavernous room.  The marching columns of demons materialized from thin air in the middle of a raised stage.  Electronic equipment filled the space around the platform.
A large demon stood conversing with a man in a lab coat to the left of the platform, and Nathan walked toward them.  Witches were gathered around computer terminals in the aisle leading to the two figures.
To his right, Nathan heard grunting.  On the floor, a girl was being taken doggie style by a demon.  The girl was dressed in black, her short skirt pushed up over her hips.  The demon grunted in unison with her as they moved.
It’s hell, what were you expecting?  A tea party? Lisa’s voice asked in his head.  Nathan continued walking down the aisle.
“These people are useless to me, Barbatas,” the man in the lab coat complained to the tall demon who stood beside him.  The man was pointing at the witches who sat at the computer terminals.
“Are they not university students like you?” Barbatas asked.
“Yes, but they’re not technical.  They’re liberal arts majors.  Most of them only know how to use a word processor.  I need people with a scientific or engineering background if you want to open this gate wider,” the man continued.
Wider? Nathan thought.  He looked at the platform.  Of course, they need to open the gate wider to allow more soldiers through.
“You must make do with what you have, Bryan,” Barbatas answered.
“Excuse me.  I studied astrophysics.  I work, or worked rather, for the astronomy department,” Nathan said.
The two turned to face him.  Suddenly, Bryan broke into a wide grin and rushed toward him, hand outstretched.  “I can’t tell you how glad I am that you’re here,” he said as he began to shake Nathan’s hand.  “These idiots don’t know a quark from a cork.  Come on, I’ll show you around.”
Nathan followed along behind him, looking over his shoulder at Barbatas.  The demon watched them for a moment, then turned his attention back to the platform and the marching columns.

“Astrophysics, huh?” Bryan asked as he led the way back to his computer terminal.
“Yeah.  I’m a little rusty, though.  The university had me helping out on a sunspot study,” Nathan answered.
“Down at the radio observatory?” Bryan sat down at his terminal and pulled up a schematic representing the gateway apparatus.
“No, I was actually in charge of taking pictures of the solar activity from the old observatory up the hill,” Nathan stood behind Bryan’s chair and looked at the screen.
“That’s too bad.  Radio astronomy would be closer to what we’re doing here.  Okay, here’s the thirty second tour.  Are you acquainted with the theory that any two subatomic particles that collide with each other are always connected from that point on, no matter how much distance there is between them?” Bryan asked.
“Sure, that’s one of the main theories of quantum physics.”
“Exactly, well one theory that you’re probably not familiar with is the Jennings-Koslow Theorem,” Bryan said, pointing at the screen.
“No,” Nathan said.
“Jennings and Koslow discovered the actual mechanism of this connection,” Bryan turned in his chair and faced Nathan.  “In simple terms, they found that the particles are connected with a path through a different dimension: subspace.  They also found that this connection has no physical distance as we understand it.”
“So, what you’re saying is that if you do something to a particle here, its counterpart is effected by it, no matter how far away,” Nathan was intrigued, which annoyed him.  He needed to find a way to stop this thing, but he found himself fascinated by it.
“Right.  Instantaneous effect over any distance, faster than light travel and communication all possible using this mechanism.  And one thing more: teleportation,” Bryan said, pointing at the screen.
“I don’t follow,” Nathan said.
“Subspace is a different dimension.  Jennings and Koslow discovered how to travel through it.”
“This device is a teleporter?” Nathan leaned back on a table behind Bryan’s chair.
“Yes,” Bryan said smiling.
“But, it’s a teleporter to hell?” Nathan asked.
Bryan rolled his chair back to the keyboard, “Not to start with.  The experiment was to send objects between here and Chicago.  We were in the middle of the experiment when Chicago went offline.  The demons… they were waiting for us to do this.”
Bryan looked over to where Barbatas was still watching the troops.  “Can you imagine?  He says they’ve waited one thousand years for us to open the portal again.”
“Again?” Nathan whispered.
“That’s what he says.  Evidently it was opened and then closed a thousand years ago.  Barbatas is pretty vague about it,” Bryan said.  “They’ve had witches on the other side casting spells to hold a portal open if it ever opened on this side.”
Nathan’s hope sank, “You mean they’re holding it open from the hell side?”
“Yeah, as a matter of fact, I only have 10 percent power applied on this side.  I think I could power down completely and they’d be able to hold the portal open the same size as it is now,” Bryan said and turned to Nathan.  “But that’s not enough, you see.  Barbatas wants us to open the portal much wider.  Wide enough to let in thousands of troops at once.”
“Are the witches who are casting the spells to keep the portal open close to the doorway?” Nathan asked.
“Yeah, just inside it.  Go take a look if you’d like,” Bryan said.
Nathan’s breath caught in his chest, “No, I…”
“Shit man, go on.  It’ll be home for all of us soon enough,” Bryan said and pointed at the gate.
Nathan took a step backward.  I can’t do this, he thought.  But he was supposed to be one of them.  If he refused, they might suspect him.  Nathan walked to the platform.  The demons continued to materialize in midair and step off the raised floor.
“Go on, they’ll move out of your way,” Bryan called to him.
Nathan turned and nodded toward him.  Panic was beginning to overtake him.  Nobody willingly walks into hell, he thought.  But he had a job to do.
Nathan stepped across the threshold.  There was no sound as he crossed, no electric hum.  No tingle of static electricity.  One instant he was in the lab, the next instant he wasn’t.
He was facing a startled demon who stepped to the side out of his way as he appeared in front of it.  Nathan was standing on a hillside of black volcanic rock.  A road had been carved from the lava leading from the gate to the valley below.  It appeared to stretch for hundreds of miles, and as far as Nathan could see, the columns of demon soldiers moved along it.
Nathan gasped as he realized the enormity of the invasion.  He stepped out of the path of the oncoming demons.  The valley below was surrounded by high, sharp mountain peaks.  The black sky above crackled with heat lightning.
On either side of the road, the witches stood six to a side.  Their chanting filled the air.  Nathan caught bits and pieces of their words, mostly Latin in origin.  I can’t stop them, Nathan thought.  There were too many soldiers, too many witches.  It would take… he thought, and then he knew.  Nathan turned around and walked back through the portal.
“Pretty fucking impressive, huh?” Bryan yelled.
“Oh, yeah,” Nathan answered as he stepped off the platform.  The platform just in front of the gate had been outfitted with a small metal ramp ten feet wide.  Adequate, Nathan thought.
Bryan walked to where he stood, “What we need to do is increase the power.”  He held up a paper drawing.  “I’ve figured out which components need to be upgraded, but I’ll need a generator to augment the power.”
Perfect, Nathan thought.  “I have a generator up at the observatory.  I can have it down here in a few minutes.”
“Take a couple of demons with you to help load it,” Bryan said turning back toward his station.
“Sure, I’ll get them on the way out,” Nathan said as he walked toward the entrance.  He had no intention of asking for help, instead he disappeared into the night and headed for the observatory.

Friday tackled him as he came through the observatory door, unleashing a fury of licks on his face. Nathan laughed and hugged the dog, “Yeah, I missed you too.  Come on, we’ve got work to do.”
A university pickup truck was parked behind the observatory. It was an old Chevrolet, painted a non-descript beige.  He tried the driver’s side door and found it unlocked.  The observatory staff sometimes used it to ferry equipment up the hill from the university.  The keys were tucked into the driver’s side sun visor.  “Lucky break,” Nathan said to the dog who stood on the asphalt, tail wagging in expectation.
Nathan stepped out of the truck, and Friday immediately leaped in.  He settled with a grin into the passenger side, his tongue lolling as if to cry, “Shotgun!”
His master smiled back, “Not yet.  We need a few things first.”
Nathan walked toward a fenced-in section beside the truck.  Cylinders of gas stood in the wire corral.  He looked at the rusted lock on the gate, took a step back and kicked it.  The rusted hinges snapped immediately and the gate crashed to the blacktop.
Friday rushed to Nathan’s side.  This was a new game and he didn’t want to miss out.
Nathan surveyed the cylinders.  Near the back, he found what he was looking for.  He dragged three orange cylinders out of the corral.  Their labels read: Hydrogen.  Nathan grunted with effort as he dragged each cylinder to the back of the truck and loaded them.  He situated the cylinders so that the valves were near the sliding glass window at the back of the truck’s cab.  Satisfied, he leaned against the side of the truck.
The dog ran back to the open driver’s side door, leaped in and took the shotgun position once again.
Nathan walked to the open door and looked in at the dog, “Afraid not, pooch.”  He stepped back away from the truck.  “Come,” Nathan commanded.  
Friday leaped out of the truck and stood in front of his master.
“Sit.  Stay,” Nathan commanded.  
The dog jumped back into the truck and looked at him.
“No, come here,” Nathan said.  Friday didn’t move.  “Friday, come here now!”
The dog lay down across the seat.
“Don’t you understand?  You can’t go with me,” Nathan sat down behind the wheel and rubbed the dog’s ears.  
The German Shepherd raised his great head and laid it across Nathan’s leg.  “I can’t survive this, boy.  I’m not going to drag you off to die with me.”
Friday sat up, looked straight out the windshield and barked.
“You’re a stubborn dog,” Nathan said as he shut the door and started the truck.
Friday turned to his right and looked at the passenger window.  He raised his paws and began to scratch at the glass.
“Are you serious?” Nathan asked.
The dog turned and looked at him, his tongue lolling in a grin.
“Hell, why not?” Nathan said as he leaned across the seat and rolled down the window.  Friday immediately stuck his head outside in anticipation of the ride ahead.
His master laid the nine millimeter pistol on the seat and backed away from the building.  Nathan turned the knob on the radio, but heard nothing except a hissing noise.  “No radio stations on tonight, Friday,” Nathan announced.  A white cassette tape protruded from the player and Nathan pushed it in.  A moment later, the cab was filled with the sound of Creedence Clearwater Revival singing “Midnight Special”.
Nathan laughed and turned the volume up as he started down the road toward the high energy physics lab.  “Appropriate,” he told the dog, as the truck picked up speed.  Friday’s lips pulled back from his jaws as their speed increased.
Nathan opened the sliding window behind him, reached through and opened the valves on the Hydrogen tanks.
The sentry demon he had encountered earlier stepped into the road.  Nathan waved and it stepped aside.  “So far so good,” Nathan told the dog.  He began to sing along with John Cafferty.  “Let the Midnight Special shine a light on me…”
This plan sucks, Lisa commented in his head.
“I know.  Let the Midnight Special shine a ever lovin’ light on me,” Nathan continued.
You’re crazy, Lisa complained again.
“I know.  Yonder comes miss Rosie…” Nathan said as he turned the truck’s headlights on the demons that were taking flight in front of the building.  If Nathan were delivering a generator, he would’ve slowed down now.  But, he wasn’t and he didn’t.
That’s why I loved you, you know? Lisa whispered.
A single tear ran down his cheek. “We’ll be there soon,” he whispered as he floored the accelerator.
Not yet, Lisa whispered, and this time Nathan gasped as he felt her breath on his ear.
Friday pulled his head back into the truck as the startled demons tried to leap out of the path of the oncoming truck.  Most were unsuccessful and careened off the beige metal into the air above and the ground beside.
Nathan drove straight down the column of demons, crushing their bodies as he passed.  He could see Barbatas standing on the platform directly in his path.  
Nathan held up his right hand and extended his middle finger.
“Almost home, Friday,” Nathan told the dog.  Friday had turned toward his master and had braced his hind legs against the passenger side door.  “What are you doing?”
Just as the truck passed into the building, Friday leaped.  He collided with his master, who in turn collided with the door.  To Nathan’s amazement, the door creaked and gave way.  Man and dog tumbled along the floor, landing behind a desk.
Nathan looked up as the truck reached the ramp.  The look on Barbatas’ reptilian face was unreadable as the truck’s grill caught his knees and bent them backward.  The great demon’s weight crushed the front of the truck, but slowed it only slightly.
Barbatas’ crushed body hit the windshield, then spun through the air over the truck’s bed.  Tumbling, he came to rest across from Nathan.
The truck’s front bumper, destroyed by the impact with Barbatas, caught in the steel floor of the platform.  The Chevy flipped end over end, sending the three hissing Hydrogen cylinders tumbling along the platform.
The first cylinder flew to the right, struck the floor and , in a shower of sparks, ignited.  The effect was instantaneous.  The entire right side of the platform was engulfed in a ball of flame.  The blast wave spread out in a sphere, picking up demons and dashing them against the metal walls of the room.  The flames incinerated the remains, and the whole right wall exploded outward into the night.
At the same time, the second cylinder slid along the left side of the platform.  It landed near Bryan.  Nathan was looking at the man’s face as the cylinder exploded, vaporizing the former lab assistant instantly.  The computers disintegrated and Bryan’s desk flew backward through the air.  It collided with a door marked “Jennings” and knocked it off its hinges.
The force of the explosion knocked Nathan and Friday backward on the tile floor.
The third cylinder flew through the air, struck the platform and ignited, turning it into a missile.  It flew across the threshold and disappeared.  An instant later, a massive ball of orange fire erupted from the gate.
“Thank God.  Thank God,” Nathan said out loud.
Nathan stood up and walked toward the ruined platform.  Friday shook himself, then followed.
Nathan reached out with his left hand and pushed the air where the threshold should be on the left side of the portal.  His hand did not disappear.  He walked toward the right side, his left arm extended out across the threshold.  Two feet from the center of the platform, his arm disappeared.
“No,” Nathan screamed and continued walking.  The portal had been damaged, but not destroyed: a four foot wide doorway remained.  The demons would be slowed, but not stopped.
Laughter erupted behind him.  Nathan spun on his heel.
Barbatas was laughing at him.  He had rolled into a sitting position and was straightening his broken legs with a twisted right arm, “Did you think you would succeed?”
Friday growled and took a step toward the demon.  Nathan grasped the fur of the dog’s neck and held him back.
“What will you do now?” the demon said as it stood up.
Only one way out, Lisa breathed in his ear.
“I know, love,” Nathan said and smiled at the demon.
Barbatas watched as Nathan turned and stepped through the portal followed by the dog.  “No!” the demon screamed.
The destruction on the other side was severe.  Those demons who had not been killed in the explosion of the third cylinder had run away into the stygian night. They’ll return soon, Nathan thought.  
The witches had been wiped out… all, save one.  On the right side of the road, one witch remained.  The gaunt man continued to recite in Latin, even though the flames had burned him black.  His right arm had been incinerated along with both legs up to the knees.  The witch held himself up off the ground with his left arm as he continued the spell that held the gate open.
Nathan looked into the witch’s eyes.  The man stared back in fear as Nathan said, “Friday, tear him up.”  
The dog leaped.
Barbatas reached the platform and tried to fall through as his crushed legs buckled beneath him.  He landed across the threshold, but still on the platform.  The demon screamed with rage and stood up.
As he stood, his head passed through into hell while his body remained on earth.  He caught a glimpse of the man and dog as they ran parallel to the road toward the mountains beyond.  Barbatas screamed after them.
The gate to hell had been closed to a square fifteen inches on a side.  Too small to allow a demon through.  Barbatas collapsed back to the floor.  Looking around the lab, he knew that it would take years to open it again, if they ever could.

Behind him in the darkened lab, a shape crawled from the carnage of Professor Jennings’ office.  Satisfied that Barbatas’ attention had turned back to the platform, Kathryn crawled on her hands and knees over the incinerated demons.  A short while later, she stood and ran into the smoke filled night.

In a cabin seventy miles southwest, the voices in Billy Murphy’s head grew faint.  The power that had flooded through from the portal to hell lessened, became a trickle.  Billy could still feel the thoughts of those around him, but he was not suffocating in a sea of voices.  For the first time in days, Billy fell into a deep sleep.

On the other side of the world, the demon cloud slowed its advance, then stopped altogether 50 miles from the shores of New Zealand.  A few demons tried to fly into the bright sunlight that bathed the island, but they burst into flames instantly when they emerged from the protection of the cloud.
Lucifuge Rofocale, Prime Minister of hell, stopped his flight in midair near the edge of the cloud.  He knew better than to expose himself to the gaze of the Master he had defied eons before.  Lucifuge banked to the left, turning to the east.  Toward the portal that he knew had somehow been closed behind him.  He roared in a language older than time and the demon soldiers followed him toward Virginia.

Thirty-eight years later, the prophet paused.  He looked down at his weathered hands in the darkness.  The audience was silent, reverent.  He took a deep breath and began again.  “In the days that followed, men tallied the damage of the five days of the demon invasion.  Of the seven billion alive on earth, only 120 million remained alive and untouched by the diseases brought by Barbatas.  They were scattered over the continents.
“The demon cloud covered the entire earth, except for the island of New Zealand, where all who could travel attempted to reach.  Barbatas healed his wounds.  And Lucifuge Rofocale did what he did best: he negotiated.
“The demon army numbered 10 million strong on earth, not enough to subdue the population.  So Lucifuge offered a compromise.  He would rule the earth as its emperor with Barbatas as his Prime Minister.  In return for their cooperation, he designated areas in which humans could live without fear of death.  In the former United States, all the states that bordered the Atlantic Ocean were free, as were the states that bordered the Pacific.  The land in between was designated a free hunt zone, where the bearers of the predatory diseases and the demons could kill man at will.
“Lucifuge could afford to wait for the diseases Barbatas had unleashed to conquer the population for him.  He could afford to wait until a way could be found to re-open the portal.  He could afford to wait until he could turn the hearts of man to follow their new masters.
“And, so this was life on earth for almost eight years.  The sky darkened by the perpetual twilight of the demon cloud.
“In Lynchburg, a former Episcopal priest organized a bloody resistance.  Close by, a former drunk remained sober and raised two children.  A witch practiced her craft and became adept at it.
“And in hell, a man and his dog became a rumor, then a legend.”








Part One: Virginia

The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.
- Thomas Jefferson

There is no greater joy than to begin. 
- Zen Koan


Doc Holliday: There's no normal life, Wyatt, it's just life. Get on with it.
	- Tombstone



Chapter 1


Billy Murphy touched the hotel room door and sensed what was inside.  He closed his gray eyes and concentrated on the room beyond the cheap plywood.  After a moment, the image came to him: three figures, one man, two women.  One of the women was unconscious, the other was a black and red swirl of emotions – primarily excitement and confusion.
The man was more composed with a slight tinge of insecurity.
Billy opened his eyes and staggered back from the door.  He shook his head to clear the images he had summoned and took a deep breath.  He drew back his right foot and kicked the door off its hinges.
The two vampires turned toward him in confusion and anger.  The unconscious girl fell backward against the female vampire and they both tumbled to the floor.  
Billy stepped across the remains of the door and spoke directly to the thin male vampire, “Alfred Horowitz?”
Alfred the vampire rolled his red eyes and took a step toward him, “Nobody calls me Alfred, I am called Deathbringer.”
“Yeah, whatever.  Mr. Horowitz, are you aware there is an outstanding warrant in the city of Lynchburg for your arrest?”  Billy fumbled in the left pocket of his black duster.  
The female vampire, a gaunt girl of about seventeen, finally managed to push the unconscious brunette off her and hissed through sharp teeth toward him.
Deathbringer took a step backward and his voice squeaked, “On what charge?”
“Vampiric possession of a minor,” Billy said as he pulled a small red water pistol from the duster pocket.
“That’s bullshit!  Stacy, chill out,” Deathbringer ordered.  
Stacy stopped hissing and moved to crouch in the corner.  The unconscious girl began to stir in her sleep.
“Yeah, chill out, Stacy,” Billy echoed.  He was purposely goading her, it was fun.  
Stacy spat blood at him, but it landed short.
Alfred’s composure was returning, “Look, I do not give the gift of eternal life to minors, Officer?”
“I’m a bounty hunter not a cop.” 
She’s going to attack, Billy thought.  Stacy’s aura had changed to black and electric blue as she tensed her leg muscles in the corner.  He turned half his attention back to Alfred, “Do you remember a girl named Catherine Sykes?”
“Catherine was eighteen, she showed me her driver’s license the first night.”
“Sorry, Deathbringer, the ID was fake.  She’s fifteen and her parents are very pissed off.  Hard to get into a good liberal arts college when you’re a member of the undead.”
Stacy leaped from the corner with a snarl.  Murphy squeezed the water pistol’s trigger and a thin jet of water hit Stacy between the breasts.  
The effect was instantaneous: Stacy was hurled backward and landed in the corner with a loud thud and cloud of steam.  She writhed and screamed as the holy water ate into her.
“I told her to chill out.”
Wide-eyed, Alfred took another step back.  “Look, I had no idea she was that young…”
“You can tell it to the judge.  I just want to take you in so I can collect,” Billy took a step toward him.  In the corner, Stacy began beating at her chest, trying to put out the invisible fire that had engulfed her, only to find that her hands were now burning as well.  She screamed in rage.
“Okay, Alfred, let’s go,” Billy said, keeping an eye on Stacy.
Alfred straightened himself to his full five foot nine inch height, “I will not go with you.”  His eyes blazed red in the darkened room.
“Aww, come on Horowitz.  I don’t have time for this crap,” Billy pulled off his small round glasses and rubbed his eyes.
“Look into my eyes, human.  Soon you will know the power of the vampire,” Alfred hissed and leaned toward him.
Murphy squinted directly into the flaming circles of the vampire’s eyes, “Alfred, you’ve been reading way too much Anne Rice.”
Alfred rushed toward him with a hiss.
Billy’s right hand emerged from inside the duster with a new surprise: a four barreled twelve gauge, sawed off to fourteen inches.  Alfred stopped hissing and gasped as all four barrels exploded.  An instant later, his head lay across the room separated from his still standing body.
Billy walked over and picked up Alfred’s head by its thin black hair.  Alfred, still alive or more correctly still undead looked back at him in shock.  “I just have to deliver you, they didn’t specify in how many pieces.”

Chapter 2
“Okay, where is it?” Kathryn stared down at the skinny teen in the gloom of the university library.
Weasel pushed his thick glasses higher up on his greasy nose, “It’s close by.  Only, uh, the price we agreed to is too low.  I’m going to need at least five thousand…”
“The price is three thousand, you little shit,” Kathryn stepped toward him causing him to stagger back slightly.
“Hey, you never told me this thing was so hot.  I had another party asking me last week if I could locate it for them.  I told them no, but they’re not exactly the kind of beings you want to lie to.”
Kathryn’s green eyes widened, “Who else was asking about it?”
“A certain powerful individual.  I promised not to divulge…”
“Which demon was it?”
“I told you, I’m not at liberty to say.  In any event, because of this individual’s interest in the scroll, the price has gone up.  Of course, we could work something out if you don’t have the cash,” Weasel ran a greasy index finger down her left forearm.
Kathryn grabbed his wrist and twisted it, drawing a gasp of pain from Weasel.  “Don’t screw with a witch, Weasel.  I could inflict a nice little disease on you with a short incantation.  Ever seen a leprosy spell at work?”
Weasel smiled, his voice cracking as he spoke, “Okay, okay… I’m feeling generous today.  Three thousand it is.”
Kathryn released his wrist and reached into a pocket of her brown leather jacket, “Smart decision.”  She dropped a roll of hundreds into his outstretched hand.  “So where is it?”
Weasel counted the money quickly, “Two floors down, in the rare book collection.”
“Are you trying to tell me that the damned thing has been here all the time?”
“That’s right, only you won’t find it on any of the library’s manifests.  Shit, I had to go through three internet databases and consult two psychics before I could find it.  Turns out it was in the possession of a Franciscan Monastery until 1945, when it ended up with a bunch of religious texts at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, which were borrowed by a University of Virginia doctoral student who evidently forgot to have them returned to the Met.  So, not knowing where they came from, the university stored them away in rare books.  Locker twenty three.”
“Where’s the key to the locker?”
“Don’t have it.  Hey, you’re the witch, you figure it out,” Weasel was making his way toward the exit, leaving Kathryn alone in the stack of musty books.  “Oh, and by the way, it’s just the incantation.  The prayer is somewhere else.”
“What?  Wait a minute, the three thousand was for both pieces.”
“Relax, I located the prayer too.  It’s in San Francisco,” Weasel was grinning now as he stepped through the door.
“San Francisco?  How in the hell am I supposed to get there, Weasel?”
Weasel laughed as the door closed behind him, “Broom maybe?”

Could be worse, Kathryn thought as she made her way down the darkened stairway to the rare book section. Half the document is better than nothing.
Not so long ago, the old Kathryn Adams, holder of masters’ degrees in Anthropology and several foreign languages would have spent many hours studying in the dank recesses of the university library.  Reading Middle English through myopic eyes while other people her age were enjoying happy hour.  That was the old Kathryn Adams, a little too short, a little too pear shaped, a little too near sighted, hair just a little too thin.  Then the demons came, and everything changed in five nights.
Witchcraft came easy to someone who had spent most of her twenty-three years studying myths and the proper pronunciation of Gaelic pronouns.  She opened the door to the rare books section and peered inside.  
The huge room was empty, as were most other library floors at 3:00 AM.  She stepped inside and the heavy door hissed shut behind her.
She had done away with the old Kathryn, magically transforming herself with the spells she had learned.  A little taller, a little less fat here, a little more there, eyesight a little better, thin auburn hair replaced with thick red.  Kathryn made her way back to the lockers at the far end of the room.

Outside the library, Weasel spoke into the cell phone.  “Yeah, it’s me.  She’s in the library, third floor North.  Five thousand, right?  Thank you, my Lord.  And may I say it has been a pleasure doing business…”  On the other end, the demon had hung up.

Kathryn stared at the combination lock on locker twenty-three.  Unzipping her leather jacket, she pulled out a small hide pouch and emptied its contents into her hand.  The small blood-red stone gleamed in the meagre light.  She rubbed the stone between her thumb and index finger then moved it in a circular motion about the lock face.  “Valefar ishar meon,” she whispered repeatedly.  On the third recitation, the lock came to life.  The dial spun wildly left and right, then popped open with a click.
Kathryn smiled to herself as she removed the lock and then opened the locker door.  Closing her eyes, she reached into the pile of papers within.  She touched each piece delicately, feeling for the tingle that would come when she touched the magic scroll.  When she found it, it was more of an electric shock than a tingle.  
Kathryn pulled the scroll from the middle of the pile and looked at it in wonder, This is some powerful shit.
Across the room, the door swung open and the lights went out.
Kathryn whirled and dropped to one knee.  The door shut with a soft hiss in the distance, but something had definitely come through it.
“Valefar felis mira,” she whispered as she reached into her right pocket.  Kathryn felt her eyes changing, the pupils lengthening and opening wider.  She stared into the darkness with new cat eyes.  A hulking shape was crossing the distance toward her.
Kathryn’s hand emerged from the pocket with a thick piece of chalk.  She drew a circle around herself and within it, inscribed a five pointed star.  “Spirits of the East…”
The hulking shape was running toward her now.  Just as she finished her incantation, Kathryn could see it clearly.  The werewolf stopped twenty feet away from her and growled, dropping saliva onto the tiled floor.  Flinging two desks out of its way, the werewolf charged.
Inside the chalk circle, Kathryn crouched and hid her face in her hands.
The werewolf realized its mistake too late.  It struck the invisible wall of the magic circle with a bone jarring crack and fell backward.  The floor complained with a loud groan from the weight.
Kathryn looked up from her hands and saw the werewolf lying motionless on its back. It wasn’t that I didn’t trust that the circle would work, she thought, but inside she knew it was.  
The werewolf leapt to its haunches and stared into her eyes from outside the circle. 
 Kathryn flinched, and then stared back with a smile.  “So, what are you going to do now, asshole?”
The werewolf placed two massive paws onto the invisible wall and pushed.  Nothing happened.
“Afraid not, Spot,” Kathryn giggled.
The werewolf split the air with its howl.  Then followed it up with two more.
He’s calling for help, she thought. Don’t panic.
The werewolf howled again, even louder.
“Valefar tempest cyclo,” Kathryn said.  The werewolf stopped howling and snarled at her.
“Valefar tempest cyclo,” she repeated, pointing at the werewolf.  Across the room, a book tumbled to the floor.
Not comprehending, the werewolf stared into her cat eyes.
“Valefar tempest cyclo.”
A breeze ruffled the werewolf’s fur and it yelped in fear.
“Valefar tempest cyclo.”
The breeze became a wind, the wind became a tornado.  Books flew off the shelves and smashed into walls.  The werewolf spun about, trying to find the source of the wind, then howled in terror when it found that it could not stop spinning.  The cyclone was centered on it.
“Valefar tempest cyclo,” protected by the circle, Kathryn was laughing as she watched the spinning werewolf.  It looked exactly like the Tasmanian Devil from an old Warner Brothers cartoon and this realization made her laugh louder.
“Valefar tempest cyclo,” the werewolf was a screaming blur of motion now.  Suddenly, the screaming stopped and a loud cracking sound began.  Kathryn dropped back to her knees and covered her head, knowing it was pointless but instinct was stronger than reason.
The werewolf flew apart, spraying the room with brown fur, blood and bone.  Kathryn raised her head as the tornado spell subsided and looked around at the mess.  Blood and fur clung to the walls.  She erased part of the circle and stepped out.  The smell was nauseating.
She stuffed the magic scroll into her jacket and zipped it up.
I was setup, she thought as she dashed through the door.  “Valefar serpis trans.”

On the other side of Charlottesville, Weasel screamed as the three thousand dollars on the kitchen table turned into a wriggling mass of snakes.  “You bitch!” he screamed as he kicked over the table and ran out of the room.
 

Chapter 3
“Mr. Murphy, if it’s a question of money…” the old man stammered, his eyes showing a depth of sorrow and desperation.
“No, Mr. Cavanaugh, the money is fine.  More than adequate.  But, what you’re asking me to do is impossible,” Billy concentrated on the quarter inch of scotch left in the bottom of the shot glass.
“This is my son we’re talking about Mr. Murphy.  He’s all I have left.”
“Have you ever seen a ghoul, Mr. Cavanaugh?  Have you ever watched one eat?  I have, sir.  Believe me, everything that your son was died when he became infected,” Billy swallowed down the last of the scotch and stared at the wall behind the bar.
“He could be cured, I’m sure of it…”
“With ninety-eight percent of the medical profession dead?  I don’t think that’s very likely.”
“An exorcism then!  I’ve heard that a Catholic priest survived the war.  They say he lives in upstate New York…”
“That guy was a fake, Mr. Cavanaugh.  All the priests are dead.  Besides, ghoulism is a disease, it’s not demonic.  An exorcism wouldn’t help,” if he concentrated very hard on the cracked plaster behind the bar, he could do this.  Dashing an old man’s hopes to the ground didn’t come easy to Billy.
“There has to be something… Damn you, look at me when I’m talking to you.”
Billy sighed and turned toward the old man.  Cavanaugh’s aura was all black and sickly green.  This world gone mad had ripped out the man’s heart and left him as a shell more pitiful than the son he mourned.  “There’s nothing I can do for you, Mr. Cavanaugh.  Go home.”
“Go to hell.  I’ll go get him myself.”
Billy grabbed his wrist and spoke, backing up his words with as much psychic power as he could unleash, “You cannot bring back your son.  If you drag him out of that cemetery, sooner or later he’ll infect you or somebody else.  Leave him where he is, Mr. Cavanaugh, and get on with your life.  For you and the rest of the world, your son is dead.”
Cavanaugh’s skin was slack, the eyes unfocused from the attempted psychic brainwashing.
It worked, Billy thought. Please let it have worked.
Cavanaugh blinked his eyes then shook his head slowly.  “You’re wrong,” he said, and walked away through the darkened bar.  As he opened the door to the street, the streetlights illuminated the gold lettering on the upper glass: Three Survivors Bar, Ray Adair, Billy Murphy and Rebecca Simms Proprietors.
“No luck?” Ray Adair asked from behind the bar.
“None at all.  Bastard’s going to get himself killed.  Give me another scotch.”
“I think you’ve had enough, young master Murphy,” Ray wiped the bar with a white towel, then dropped it across his left shoulder.  His left shirt sleeve was pinned up near the stump of his missing left arm.
“This bar’s one third mine and I’ll decide when I’ve had enough.”
Ray leaned forward on his right arm, and still towered over the younger man, “Billy you’ve had enough.”
“All right, all right,” Murphy said, resting his face on one hand.  “What do the accounts look like?”
Ray reached under the bar and produced a frayed wire-bound notebook, “Well, with your bounty on Horowitz, Rebecca’s tip money and the bar sales, which by the way would be much less if not for my Cherokee good looks and charm, we have exactly $147,628.32.”
“Not enough.”
“Patience.  We’re right on schedule.  This time next year, we’ll be lounging on a beach in New Zealand, where the sun actually shines.”
Rebecca Simms stepped behind the bar from the back room, “Sipping margaritas… that somebody else made.”
“Amen to that,” Ray answered with a grin and walked down the bar.
Rebecca dropped the four barreled shotgun onto the bar in front of Billy, “Top left firing pin was blocked.  You should try cleaning this thing once in a while.”
“No problem.”
“You okay?”
Billy looked up into her soft blue eyes and grinned, “Yeah, just a lot of… background noise.”  He looked out at the crowd in the bar, engaged in their own conversations.  Most of them normal, a few vampires and werewolves mixed in.  Vampires were bad for business: they didn’t drink.
Billy could read most of the customer’s minds if he tried; without trying, he always heard a constant background noise of their thoughts.  Bits and pieces of emotions in a maddening soup.  Alcohol dulled the voices but could never silence them.
Two female vampires waved to Rebecca from their table near the middle of the bar and she waved back.
“You know them?” Billy asked.
“Sure, they come in a lot.  Order two red wines, which of course they don’t drink and generally just talk.”
“They’re hunting,” Billy said, ice in his voice.
“No, they’re not.  They’re very nice… I think they used to be teachers or something.  I better go check on them.”
Billy watched her walk toward the table and felt a stab of fear.  She was taking too many chances.  One of the vampires must have said something funny – Billy could see her sides trembling as she laughed.
He was about to probe the vampires’ minds when something else caught his attention: cinnamon.  A strong pleasant cinnamon smell surrounded him and he turned to look into the greenest eyes he had ever seen.  “Witch,” he thought.
The owner of the eyes, a tall thin woman with red hair wearing a battered leather bomber jacket sat down beside him at the bar.  “William Murphy?  My name is Kathryn Adams, I have a business proposition for you…”
“I’m sorry, Miss Adams.  You’ll have to come to my office tomorrow morning.  I’m a little drunk and this wouldn’t be a good time,” the cinnamon scent was making him feel strange, he shook his head to clear it.  “Would you mind removing the perfume spell?  It’s giving me a headache.”
“Oh, jeez, I’m sorry.  Caineal bain amach.  Is that better?”
The cinnamon smell evaporated, “Yeah, thanks, like I was saying, tomorrow…”
“Listen, Mr. Murphy, I just drove all the way down here from Charlottesville to find you.  I need help.”
“And, like I said Miss Adams, tomorrow,” Billy turned back to the bar.
“Fine,” Kathryn said with venom in her voice.
Above the bar, the television blinked on.  A red line drawing of an inverted five pointed star appeared on the screen followed a moment later by a reptilian face.
“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen,” Lucifuge Rofocale began, punctuating the words with a flick of his thin black tongue.  “You are by this time all aware that the radical James River Militia group was responsible for last week’s terrorist attack on the Wachovia building, which resulted in the death of your beloved chief of police, Marbas.  His death cries out for justice, and tonight, we shall have justice.”
“Since this cowardly group has decided to hide itself from our righteous indignation, we have decided to extract vengeance from their families,” Lucifuge’s face disappeared from the screen as the camera panned right to show a woman kneeling with her head lying on a worn chopping block.  A fat ogre towered over her with a massive axe balanced on his shoulder.
In the bar, Ray gasped.  “Christ, Billy, that’s Angela Stoddard.  She was just in here two hours ago.”
“I know,” Billy said.
On the screen, Lucifuge nodded toward the ogre.  The axe went up and then came down with a thud.  Angela Stoddard’s head rolled across the blood stained studio floor.  “Justice is served,” Lucifuge continued, his face filling the screen once again.  “Tomorrow night, another family member will die.  A child, I believe.  We will execute one family member each night until the James River Militia comes out of hiding and surrenders.”
“As further incentive, I hereby declare midnight tonight till five AM tomorrow as a free hunt night in the Atlantic states.  No predatory group will be punished for taking the life of a human during this time.  Have a restful night, humans.  And, to our citizens: good hunting.”  The screen went black.
Billy glanced at his watch: 11:35.  Scanning the room, he counted eleven vampires, including the two that were now looking at Rebecca with some decidedly nasty grins.  Billy counted six werewolves in human form, evident from their red and electric green auras, and a few warlocks and witches.  He looked toward Ray who nodded from the opposite end of the bar.
“People, this bar is closed,” Billy announced, simultaneously loading the four barrel cannon.  Several of the vampires headed for the door, followed by five of the werewolves.
One of the vampires that had been talking to Rebecca grabbed the girl’s wrist.  Pulling her close, she whispered in Rebecca’s left ear.  The girl’s eyes went slack and she swayed toward the blonde vampire.
Billy pulled back the hammers on the four barrel and started toward them, but Ray Adair was closer.  The bartender reached under the bar and came up with a .30 .30 Winchester rifle.  He swung it underhanded by the lever, chambering a round and brought it up level with the blonde’s ear.
“Mr. Murphy just said the bar is closed, and Rebecca is staying right here,” Ray said, the ice in his voice making the vampire understand his meaning.
The second vampire was moving slowly to Ray’s right, drawing a slim sharp knife from her handbag.
“Billy, you got her?” Ray asked, still holding the Winchester on the blonde.
“Oh, yeah,” Billy said as he pressed the shotgun against the small of the second vampire’s back.  “No problem.”
On the other side of the bar, four male vampires stood up and moved toward them.
“This is going to get ugly,” Billy thought.
“Boys, boys, boys.  I think you should just stay out of this fight,” Kathryn Adams said.  She was standing in the middle of the room, a magic circle inscribed around her.  She was holding her hands out in front, waving her fingers as if she were playing a piano.  Blue fire danced from one finger to another as she worked.
People started leaving the bar.  Those who had never seen a fireball spell being setup at least knew how dangerous it was, those who had actually seen one were the first ones out the door.  Kathryn smiled as she recited Latin under her breath, “Globus Incendium.”
Billy smiled, “Okay, ladies, funtime is over.  The bar is closed.”
The blonde released Rebecca’s wrist, allowing her to crumple to the floor.  The second vampire dropped her knife back in her purse and walked toward the door.  The women disappeared into the chilly night air.
Billy helped Rebecca to her feet.  “Did I pass out?” she asked in confusion.
“Sort of,” Billy said and lowered her into a chair.  He walked over to where Kathryn was blowing out the blue flames attached to her fingers.  “Thanks,” he said.
“Don’t worry about it.  I hate vampires,” she said, rubbing out the chalk circle with her left foot.  “About that business proposition…”
“Tomorrow, I promise,” Billy said.  “You can stay here tonight.  It’s the least we can do.”
“Thanks.”
Ray was standing over one of the only two customers left in the bar.  “Well, I guess Charlie will be staying here tonight,” Ray announced.  “He’s too plastered to make it home alive.”
Billy’s attention shifted to the last patron: a tall, lanky kid with a red and green aura.  Werewolf.  “You’re going to have to leave.”
The boy looked up at Billy.  He couldn’t have been more than seventeen.  “Gosh, buddy, I sure don’t want to be out there tonight.”
“You’re a werewolf.  You’ll be okay,” Billy’s left hand went into the pocket of his duster, the nine millimeter pistol was loaded with silver bullets.
“I ain’t never killed nobody.  Gosh, mister, I promise I won’t be no trouble, honest,” the boy said with emotion.
Billy looked into the kid’s mind and saw confusion, which is what he normally saw with werewolves.  But there was an undercurrent to this boy’s emotions that he didn’t like.  “Sorry, kid.  You gotta go,” Billy said, pulling the pistol out of the coat and levelling it at the boy’s head.
Billy saw it for just a second, a look of amusement that the boy hid a little too late.  “You have to go now,” Billy repeated, emphasizing the last word.
“Okay, okay, I know when I’m not wanted.  You’ll sure feel bad if I turn up dead, though,” the boy said as he walked out the door.
Ray closed the door behind him and barred it.
 

Chapter 4
“I’ll see that and raise you three cashews,” Ray said, laying his cards face down on the table and pushing the nuts into the growing pile of peanuts, filberts and cashews.  Ray and Billy had been playing cards in the darkened bar for two hours now.
Billy whistled through his teeth, “Raising three whole cashews when all you got is a lousy pair of threes?  Man, you’ve got balls of steel.”
“Damn it, Billy.  If we’re going to play this game, you’ve got to stop reading my mind,” Ray tossed his cards onto the table and scratched at the stump of his missing left arm.
“Okay, I’m sorry.  Force of habit,” Billy laughed, and then grinned with mischief.  “Your deal.”
Ray grimaced and stopped scratching, “You know, after hearing that joke for eight years now, it’s just lost all its cuteness.”
Billy laughed out loud then as he picked up the cards and shuffled them.
“Keep it down, you’ll wake them up,” Ray whispered.
Kathryn was sleeping in the middle of the floor, a magic circle inscribed around her.  Across the bar, Charlie snored, not having moved from the chair he passed out in.
Billy got up from the table and looked behind the bar.  Rebecca was sleeping on a cot they had dragged from the back room.  She was curled into a fetal position under the blanket.  Billy lingered for a moment watching her sleep.
“When are you going to tell her?” Ray asked as Billy sat down and started dealing the cards.
“Oh, don’t start that shit again,” Billy groaned and pushed his round rim glasses higher on his nose.
“You’re in love with Rebecca, don’t you think you should tell her?”  Ray looked at his cards.  “Give me three.”
Billy gave him the cards, “It wouldn’t work out.”
“Why not?  Five peanuts,” the pot began to grow.
“She deserves better.  See you and raise a filbert.”
“No argument here,” Ray said, tossing in a filbert from his pile.
“Thanks for the support, pal,” Billy laid his cards face down.  “I want to tell her, but the way things are… What kind of future would we have?”
“The future takes care of itself.  It’s the here and now that matters.  You love her, and I’m pretty sure she’s in love with you.  God only knows why.”
Billy laughed and shook his head.
Ray leaned forward, “Seriously, Billy, I know how bad things are now.  All the more reason to hold onto something while you have it.  You understand what I’m saying?”
Billy’s eyes were vacant, staring at the wall behind Ray.
“Billy?  You reading my mind again?”
Billy dropped his cards on the table, a pair of sixes.  He moved his eyes along the wall, past the shuttered windows to the door.
“Ha! Take a look at this,” Ray dropped a straight flush onto the table.
“Someone’s at the door,” Billy’s voice sounded far off.
Ray’s eyes grew wide as he realized that Billy was sensing something that had been sneaking around outside the bar.
“The vampires from earlier?” Ray asked.  When Billy was projected this far outside his body, it helped to ask him questions.  The reminder of where his body was helped to anchor him.
“Don’t know.  Angry, so angry.  Hungry.  Wants what’s inside the bar.  The blood,“ Billy said as he began to tremble.
“Okay, Billy, listen you have to get out of its head.  Gotta come back here with us now,” Ray was shaking him.  Billy’s eyes refocused then he looked down at the four barrelled shotgun – the shotgun loaded with pellets of wood.  Vampire shells.
“Oh, Christ, Ray.  I loaded up the wrong fucking shells.”
The bar door, made of heavy oak with steel reinforced glass, exploded off its hinges.  The werewolf leapt through the opening, flinging saliva from its massive jaws.  Behind the bar, Rebecca screamed.  Ray stood up from his chair and stared at the monstrosity that swung its shaggy head from side to side, sizing them up.
Too slow, Billy thought. Should have killed one of us as soon as you came through the door.  Billy was standing now, reaching behind his back with both hands.  When his hands returned, they each held nickel plated Beretta nine millimeter pistols.  He aimed one at the werewolf’s chest, the other at the beast’s right eye.
The werewolf snarled and leapt as the twin Berettas roared. The bullets were lead hollow points, the hollowed out section filled with oak sawdust.  These alone would not have harmed the werewolf; but, the sawdust was held within the hollow point by a silver covering.  The two bullets caught the werewolf in mid-air and flung it backwards onto the horizontal, ruined door.
Billy continued firing into the werewolf’s body, each new bullet bringing a howl of pain.  The silver was working, the bullet holes were swelling in size due to the werewolf’s allergic reaction.  Billy’s mind accidentally touched the werewolf’s and he grimaced in pain.  The silver burned within its body like a blowtorch. 
Please, no more, the werewolf pleaded with its thoughts.  
Billy stopped firing and broke his mental contact as the creature died.
In death, the werewolf returned to its human form.  Billy did not have to look at the now human face to know that it was the young boy he had thrown out a few hours before.
Ray walked up behind him and looked at the dead youth, “Guess I’d better go down to the basement and bring up another door.”
 

Chapter 5

At 5:00 AM, Ray fell asleep in one of the red leather booths beside the bar.  With the proclaimed free hunt time at an end, few werewolves or vampires would dare attack a dwelling openly.  The demons were cruel masters, and they enforced their laws ruthlessly.  A predator that attacked a human in the Atlantic Coast states on a normal day would be tortured to death if captured.
Billy still sat at the table where they had played poker earlier.  He shuffled the cards in his practiced hands and dealt them one at a time without looking at the faces.  They landed face up on the table after Billy announced them, “Ace of Clubs, Nine of Diamonds.”  He predicted each one correctly.
He could hear the dreams of the people sleeping around him.  Charlie was dreaming about a box of cornflakes.  Billy laughed and shook his head.  People’s minds conjured up the strangest things when they slept.
He had never told Ray or Rebecca about his ability to look into their dreams.  He feared they would never be comfortable around him knowing that even their unconscious minds were open to him.
Ray was dreaming about his childhood in the Smoky Mountains of North Carolina.  He was playing in a field, a chubby child of nine with two good arms.  Billy laughed with him as he chased a scrawny dog through timothy hay.
If the witch dreamed, he could not read it.  She slept on the floor within the magic circle which kept out everything, even Billy’s mind.  Billy’s power flowed from the narrow portal to hell, and so did the magic used by the witch.  He wondered what the world would be like if that portal was opened wider?  If it were, he doubted Kathryn would need his help, she would be second in power only to the arch demons.
And what would his powers be like?  Sometimes he felt his gift would drive him insane with the portal only partially open.  If he were suddenly flooded with psychic power?  He didn’t like to think about it.
Billy, Rebecca cried in her dream.  
He dropped the cards onto the table and ran to her cot.
He touched her mind, but already knew where she would be:  Back in her house in the Lynchburg suburbs.  Back in her room with the demons coming through the door, through the window.  Billy saw her there, not a child as she had been but as the woman she was now.  Only, in this nightmare, sixteen year old Billy Murphy would not be there.  She would be alone and this time they would get her.
Billy touched her forehead. Only a nightmare.  I was there, remember? he pushed his thoughts into her mind.
In Rebecca’s nightmare, he was there again… and the dream changed.
It was raining, but the sun was shining. How is this possible? Billy thought as he stood with her in the dream.  They were drenched, but they were laughing.  He couldn’t place where they were.  It was familiar in some way, but he wasn’t sure how.  
“I love you,” Rebecca said in the dream.
Billy opened his mouth to answer, but the words wouldn’t come.
She looked at him with a smile that faded as he struggled to say the words he wanted to say so badly.
And then it was over.  He was kneeling beside her with tears welling in his eyes.  “She loves me,” he whispered to himself.  But he already knew this, had known it from the time it started.  First as hero worship, then as a crush, and finally now as the love that swelled within Rebecca each time she saw him.
Billy loved her as well.  Loved her enough to walk away from her.  She deserved better than him.  She deserved someone who didn’t have to drown himself in Scotch to keep from going insane.  She deserved someone who didn’t harbor so much hate for the monsters of this world that he could make jokes as he killed them.
He would protect the girl until they could reach New Zealand, but he knew that it would be a round trip for him.  He would leave Ray and Rebecca on that beach and then he would unleash every ounce of wrath his heart contained on the demons and their creations.
Today he was the protector of the two people in this world that he loved.  But one day, he would become death.
Rebecca’s thoughts became quiet.  Billy sat down on the floor by her cot, leaned his head back against the bar and slept.

Dawn came with a slight brightening of the demonic cloud that hung low in the skies above.  Billy and Kathryn sat in his office behind the bar, cold gray light filtering in through the dusty windows.  “I need you to drive me to San Francisco,” Kathryn said, leaning back in a battered leather chair.
“Why?”
“I have business there.”
Billy rubbed his gray eyes, “Dangerous trip.  I don’t even know if it’s possible.”
“I’m willing to pay a great deal of money.”
“You understand that the territory between Virginia and California has no laws?  It’s a free-hunt zone, around the clock.”
Kathryn leaned forward, “I realize that.  Precisely why I need your help.”
“Why me?  I’m a bounty hunter…”
“No, you’re a killer.”
“Excuse me,” Billy said, his eyes narrowing.
“Seventy-eight vampires in eight years.  Three dozen werewolves.  And, I’m sure more than a few demons,” She said, smiling.
“Every time I’ve killed, it’s been state sanctioned,” Billy lied.
“Whatever,” the smile was still there.  “I need to get to San Francisco, and I need someone to keep me alive until I get there.  As I said, I’m willing to pay a great sum…”
“The trip’s suicide…” Billy began.
“…$250,000.00.”
Billy stopped in mid-sentence and stared at her, “Are you serious?”
“Deadly serious.”
“You actually have that kind of money?” 
Kathryn laughed, “Witchcraft pays well.  I’ll give you half now, half when we reach California.”
Billy shook his head, “We’ll need gear.”
“Tell me what we need and I’ll buy it.  But, we have to leave today,” Kathryn reached into the inside pocket of her jacket and produced a fat roll of bills.
He whistled through his teeth, “You carry a roll like that on you?”
Kathryn laughed again, “You could search this jacket all day, tear it to shreds even, and never find my little magic pocket.”  She held her jacket open and placed her right hand against the lining.
Billy gasped as her hand seemed to disappear into the fabric.  A moment later, she withdrew her hand and waved her fingers at him.  “You hiding a car in there somewhere?” he asked.
“My junker won’t make it.”  She tossed the roll of bills on his desk, “We’ll buy one.  But it has to be today.”
 

Chapter 6
The elevator opened on the top floor of the Wachovia Building in downtown Lynchburg, and Barbatas stepped out into Lucifuge Rofocale’s office.  The elder demon, in his human form as was Barbatas, was conferring with two of his human generals.  After the portal had been narrowed, Lucifuge had tracked down any human military leaders he could find.  The remnants of the world military now owed their allegiance to hell; those who didn’t were tortured to death.
“No, no, no,” Lucifuge roared.  “No bombs.  I want as many of them alive as possible until we can have public executions.”
One of the generals, an older man with an inverted pentagram scar in the middle of his forehead, interrupted, “With all due respect, Lucifuge, public executions will make these men into martyrs.  It’s better to dispose of them quietly…”
Lucifuge rolled his eyes and caught sight of his visitor.  “Barbatas!  Finally, I can get another demonic opinion.”  Lucifuge waved his hands toward the generals, “These… these sheep don’t want public executions.”
“And, whom are we planning on executing, elder?”  Barbatas asked as he found a chair.
“The James River Militia, of course,” Lucifuge said with irritation, and then exclaimed, “Oh, but you haven’t heard have you?  We’ve found them Barbatas, we know the location of the militia.”
“How wonderful, elder.”
“I want public executions.  Beheadings, disembowelments, things that will really show the population we mean business.”
“Well, of course you do, elder,” Barbatas began.  “Make them pay for the damage they’ve created.”
“Precisely,” Lucifuge said, glaring at the generals who were trying to blend into the woodwork.
“And, so what if it causes more terrorist acts to be perpetrated in the name of those you execute,” Barbatas smiled, having successfully sprung the trap.
“Exactly… What?”
“There will inevitably be counterstrikes, elder.  This world seems to be filled with malcontents and extremists.  Human’s don’t have the good sense to know when they’re beaten.”
“You’ve made your point, Barbatas.  We’ll kill them without witnesses; however, no bombs.  I do want survivors to interrogate, just in case they have been in contact with other ‘malcontents’.”
“Good thinking, elder,” Barbatas said.  “Is this why you’ve sent for me?”
Lucifuge walked to his desk, took out a manila folder and handed it to Barbatas, “No, different matter altogether.”
Barbatas opened the folder.  Inside was a picture of a woman with red hair and green eyes, “I’ve seen this woman before…”
Lucifuge waved his hand over the picture, which changed slightly, “When you saw her, she looked like this.”  The woman in the picture began to change, the eyes becoming paler, the hair thinner, the face longer.
Barbatas’ expression changed to one of disbelief, “How can this be?  She died in the explosion.”
Lucifuge returned the picture and folder to his desk, “Evidently not.  This picture is less than a year old.”
“This is wonderful news, elder.  This means our original plans…”
Lucifuge waved his hands, “We have evidence that she is working against us.  She has secured the last spell of Asarlas: the spell of sealing.  We also have reason to believe that she knows the location of the prayer of Pope Urban VI.”
“But, I don’t understand.  She’s one of us, I gave her the mark myself.”
“Perhaps she does not wish to fulfill her destiny,” Lucifuge sat down in the large leather chair behind his desk.
“How did she find the spell?  We had it safely hidden…”
“She stumbled upon some ancient manuscripts that talked about the spell.  She was asking questions about it.  We sought to lure her into an ambush with it.  Unfortunately, she killed the changeling we sent to subdue her.  Worse, she escaped with the spell.”
Old fool, Barbatas thought.  “She must not be harmed, elder.  The prophecy must be fulfilled…”
“And if she succeeds in securing the prayer?  What then, friend Barbatas?  All could be lost,” Lucifuge stood up and leaned on the desk.  “Find her, Barbatas.  And retrieve the spell.  She escaped our ambush in Charlottesville two days ago, but I doubt that she’s travelled far.  She will probably be hiding somewhere in this part of the state.  She knows we’re after her.”
“Where is the prayer?”
“Somewhere in San Francisco.  We’re unsure of the exact location - there’s considerable unrest there.  Don’t worry, I’ve put our military on full alert in the Midwest. If she leaves Virginia, they’ll catch her.  Just try to find her before she leaves the state.”
 

Chapter 7
“Damn it, I knew that witch was going to be trouble,” Ray growled from behind the bar.  Rebecca had stormed into the back room when Billy had told them about Kathryn’s proposition.
“It’s a lot of money, Ray,” Billy began.
“Money don’t matter shit if you’re dead, kid.”
Billy rubbed his eyes, “I can handle this, Ray.”
“You don’t even know who’s chasing her, moron.  It could be Lucifuge himself for all we know.  And what the hell could she possibly be after in San Francisco?”
“I trust her, Ray.”
“Oh, sure.  A witch, somebody who sold their soul to the devil.  But, hey, you trust her.  Know what I think?  You’re thinking with your dick, that’s what I think.”
“Bullshit…”
“Listen to me, maybe all this psychic mumbo jumbo is rubbing off on me, but I’ve got a real bad feeling about this, Billy.”
“I’m going.  I’ll be back within six weeks and then we’ll get the hell out of this town.”
“And if you don’t come back?” Ray asked.
Billy looked down at the floor, “If I’m not back within two months, take the money we’ve already saved and book passage to New Zealand.  There should be enough for you and Rebecca.”
“Billy…” Ray began.
“No arguments, Ray.  I’ll be back in six weeks, rich.  Or, I’ll be dead.  Either way, you make sure Rebecca is on that boat.  It’s important,” Billy said.
“I was right.  You are in love with Rebecca, aren’t you?”
“It doesn’t matter now.  Maybe it will six weeks from now, but right now it doesn’t.” 

In the back room, Rebecca stared at the cracked plaster walls.  Her tears had fallen steadily as she listened to Ray and Billy talk out in the bar.  Their voices had stopped and she knew that Billy was looking at her through the open door.
“I have to go soon,” Billy said quietly.  He was standing in the doorway behind her.
“So, what’s stopping you?” Rebecca said, wiping the tears from her eyes.
“Don’t be like this, Rebecca,” Billy stood beside her and helped her stare at the wall.
“How am I supposed to be?” she asked, turning to face him.
Billy looked down at the floor, “I’ll be back…”
“You want her, don’t you?”
“Jesus, no.  Rebecca, we need the money.”
“I love you, Billy.  Please, I don’t want you to go.  Just a while longer and we’ll have enough money from the bar.  You don’t have to go.”
“It’ll just be six weeks, I promise.  Then we’ll be rid of this place and things will be different.”
Rebecca turned and stared at the wall again, “If you go, things are never going to be the same.  I know it, Billy, I just know it.”
“Trust me.  I’ll be back in six weeks,” Billy held her shoulders and turned her toward him.
“If you have to do this, just tell me that you love me…”
“We’ll talk when I get back.  Things will be different.  There’ll be time then.”
Rebecca turned away.

Outside the bar, Kathryn waited in the shadows.  It was getting late and they hadn’t even found a car yet.  The door opened and Billy stepped out into the gloom.
“Christ, you took long enough.  You look like somebody died,” Kathryn said with a grimace.
“Let’s go.  We’ve got a lot of things to do if we’re going to leave today,” Billy said as they walked away from the only two people he had cared about in eight years.
 

Chapter 8
Kathryn and Billy walked through the streets of downtown Lynchburg.  The town had been built on seven hills overlooking the James River.  In the 1800’s, Lynchburg had been a port for bateaus, flat bottomed boats that sailed from the north laden with furs to be sold in Richmond.
The bar was on the old waterfront that overlooked the James.  Billy led Kathryn away from it and up a steep narrow set of stairs to Church Street.  A few of the shops were open and the smell of fresh meat and fish filled the chill air.  
One shop advertised their meat as pork, but with livestock in short supply, it might have been dog.  People adapted.
They walked in silence.  Kathryn wondered how the conversation had gone in the bar, but from the expression on Billy’s face, she didn’t dare ask.  They passed the remains of a massive Catholic church that looked like a dragon’s skeleton.
“Nice neighbourhood,” Kathryn said as they walked into the courtyard of a ruined grey stone structure.  A blackened sign on the gate identified it as St. Paul’s Episcopal Church.
Billy spoke up, “Okay, this is the place.  You should stay out here while I do some negotiating.”
“Whoa, wait a minute.  I’m not going to stay out here alone.  I’m going with you.”
Billy sighed, his breath frosty in the cold air, “Suit yourself.  But, there’s a few things you should know.  These people wrote the book on paranoia.  If they find out you’re a witch, they will shoot first and ask questions later.  Let me do the talking.  And, no spells, even if you think no one will notice.”
“Gotcha.”
“I mean it, Kathryn.  No hocus pocus or you’ll get us both killed,” Billy repeated.
“I said okay, didn’t I?”
Billy led Kathryn down some crumbling steps into what was left of the parish house basement.  He opened a wooden door along the back wall and they descended a narrow staircase into a sub-basement.
“Don’t move,” a voice commanded from the dark at the bottom of the stairs.
Kathryn squinted into the pitch blackness, but could see nothing.
Beside her, Billy called out, “We’re here to see George.  We’re here to buy.”
“You’re on the approved list, Mr. Murphy.  But, I don’t recognize the woman,” the voice announced from the darkness.
“Ms. Adams is my client.  She’s buying the stuff, and she wants to see it firsthand.”
Kathryn could hear two voices whispering in the darkness.  Suddenly, the corridor filled with light.  The voices belonged to two men with Uzi submachine guns.  They were guarding a door at the end of the corridor.  Each wore night vision goggles, which were now flipped up on their foreheads.
“Good to see you, Billy,” one of the men said waving them toward the door.
Billy and Kathryn stepped through the open door into the room beyond.
Kathryn gaped in amazement at the cavernous room.  Lit by fluorescent lights, the room was easily the size of a football field.  The concrete floor was covered with machinery, guns and boxes of all shapes and sizes.  Over a hundred men and women were rushing around the floor, packing and unpacking boxes.  It didn’t take long for Kathryn to realize that they were preparing for war.
“Welcome to the James River Militia,” Billy whispered.
“Yeah, I figured that one out,” Kathryn said.
A tall man with receding red hair called out orders from the center of the room.  Dressed in blue jeans and a battered white oxford shirt, he didn’t look the part of a general, but his mannerisms coupled with the close attention that people were paying to his commands indicated that he was.
“You shouldn’t be here,” a voice startled Kathryn and she turned to see a grizzled man in a baseball cap.
Billy stepped between the man and Kathryn, “Hi, Frank.  What’s going on?”
“You shouldn’t be here, Billy,” Frank mumbled and walked away.  He stood by a stack of wooden crates and stared at them.
“What’s his problem?” Kathryn asked.
“I don’t know.  That’s not like Frank at all.”
Kathryn turned to see the leader walking toward them.  “Billy, man you picked a hell of a day to go shopping.”
“Kathryn Adams, I’d like you to meet George Leeds.  Arms dealer, car salesman, revolutionary and all around decent guy,” Billy laughed introducing them.
“You’re too kind,” George announced offering Kathryn his hand.
Kathryn returned the smile and extended her hand, but stopped before shaking his.  Something isn’t right, she thought.  Her smile faltered, and she felt a stab of fear low in her stomach. 
This is silly, she berated herself; but, her hand refused to move toward the man.
George’s smile faded as well, “Now what can I do for you folks?”
“We need a vehicle, something that will get us across the territories.  We also need weapons, ammunition, and supplies,” Billy explained, trying to understand what had just happened between the pair he had introduced.
“No problem.  Take anything you want.  No charge,” George said with a laugh.
“Excuse me?” Billy asked.
“Going out of business sale, my friend.  We’re going after Lucifuge tonight, before he executes anybody else.”
“George that’s suicide,” Billy said.
“Yeah, that’s the beauty of it.  Last thing they’ll be expecting, hell it might even work.  Either way, I don’t think I’ll be in business come tomorrow morning.  Take anything you need.”
“I don’t know what to say, George.”
“Just say thanks and get moving.  I’ve got a schedule to keep,” George said.  “Hey, I’ve got a Humvee down at the end of tunnel 8, all gassed up and ready to go.”
A slow rumble reverberated through the room.  On the ground above them, something had exploded.  Frank called out from where he stood still staring at them, “It’s too late now.  I told you, Billy.  You shouldn’t have come.”
George took a step toward the doorway Billy and Kathryn had passed through from the surface, “What the hell?”
Staccato bursts of gunfire sounded from the corridor.  Dozens of people who had been working on the floor grabbed their guns and headed for the door.  The gunfire intensified and one of the sentries ran back to George, “They’re busting in, George.”
“Who?”
The sentry caught his breath, “Lucifuge’s marines, we’ve killed about thirty but they just keep pouring down the stairs.”
“Why now?  I don’t understand,” George wondered aloud.
“I’m sorry, George,” Frank said softly and they turned to face him.  Frank’s hands were shaking as he fought back tears.  “I told them where we were.”
George grabbed the smaller man by his shirt and shoved him against the boxes, “Why, Frank?  Why did you do it?”
Frank was sobbing, “They got my little girl, George.  They were going to kill her tonight.  I couldn’t let that happen, George.”
Kathryn’s breath caught in her chest as George brought back his fist to strike the sobbing man.  
But the punch never came, instead George reached out his hands and grasped Frank’s shoulders.  “Don’t you understand, Frank?  There wouldn’t have been any execution tonight.  We could have beaten them…”
“Who are you kidding?  George, we can’t defeat them with guns,” Frank said standing up straighter.  “It’s faith we need.”
“Faith never did a fucking thing for anyone, Frank.”
Kathryn interrupted them, “Excuse me, is there a back way out of this place?”
“Billy, take her down tunnel 8 and take the hummer,” George said turning away from Frank.
A second sentry ran from the direction of the fighting and stopped in front of George, “We can’t hold them, George.”
“All right,” George said, climbed on top of a crate and began to yell.  “Listen up!  We’re screwed here.  All of you, get out as best you can.”
“Are we retreating?” a voice called from the crowd of militia.
“Retreating?  Hell, no, kid.  We’re running for our lives.  Scram!” George said and jumped down from the box.
The sentry stood waiting.  
“Ryan,” George said.  “This is a hard order for me to give…”
“We’ll cover the retreat, George,” the sentry said, nodding.
“Five minutes, Ryan.  Buy us five minutes, and then get out of here,”
“I’ll stay with the sentries,” Frank said.  “I’ll cover you.  Just, can you forgive me?”
George looked down at the floor, “I already have.”  He walked past the two and rushed with Kathryn and Billy toward tunnel 8.
“Thank you, Father,” Frank said too softly for anyone to hear.

The trio reached the opening to tunnel 8 and then stopped dead in their tracks.  Gunshots rang out from the far end of the tunnel.  “Shit,” George said.  “They’ve found the entrance to the tunnel.”
“What do we do now?” Kathryn yelled over the noise.
“Tunnel 3.  Move it,” George yelled and pushed them into another darkened entrance.
They ran into the inky blackness.  Kathryn almost collided with George as he stopped in front of her.  The passage filled with light as George pushed some loose boards out of the way and they emerged into a dimly lit garage.
Once Kathryn’s eyes adjusted to the light, she got a good look at the vehicle in front of her, “You have got to be kidding.”  
Covered in dust and bathed in the dim light that filtered in through the dirty windows was a 1972 Cadillac Eldorado convertible.
George grabbed a set of keys off the hook on the wall.  “It’ll get us out of here.”
Billy walked around the front of the vehicle and stopped, staring at the garage door.  He could sense someone standing outside the door.  Several someones.  “We’ve got company.”
George popped open the trunk and pulled out a large duffle bag.  He tossed it onto the back seat and closed the trunk.  “Time to leave,” George threw Billy the keys and dove into the back seat beside the duffle as Kathryn dropped into the passenger seat.
Billy turned the key and the big eight cylinder engine roared to life.  Whoever was outside was frantically trying to open the garage door, which clattered and strained against its lock.  “Is there a remote for the garage door?”
“Yeah, floor the gas and put it in drive,” George growled as he dug into the duffle bag.
“Okay,” Billy said as he gunned the engine and then slipped the transmission into drive.  The Eldorado’s tires screamed as it roared forward.  The garage door exploded outward.
Four lower demons had been trying to open the garage door from the outside.  One of them had been standing in front of the door as the car careened into the night.  His crushed body lay in front of the ruined door.  The other three turned in dismay.
George stood up in the back seat and hefted a long metal tube onto his right shoulder.  He pointed it toward the smashed garage and the demons.  “Down in front,” he yelled and pulled the trigger of the Karl Gustav rocket launcher.  Fire erupted from the back of the pipe as the rocket sped in a straight line directly into the garage.  The garage and the demons evaporated in a ball of fire.
“Oh, yeah,” George exclaimed.
“Uh, George, you got any more rockets for that thing?” Billy asked.  The road ahead was blocked by a large green tank.  As George looked at it in disbelief, the tank’s turret rotated until the barrel pointed toward the Eldorado.  George dropped the rocket launcher onto the back seat.
Kathryn stood, her hands pointed toward the tank.  Her long red hair blew back in the wind as she said, “Globus Incendium.”  A ball of blue fire the size of a baseball leapt from her fingers and streaked outward, disappearing down the gun barrel of the tank.  An instant later, the tank exploded with a loud roar and a flash of blue and orange flame.
Billy swerved to the right, avoided the carcass of the tank and sped away into the night.

Lucifuge stood in what had been the headquarters of the James River Militia.  Around him, the dead and dying lay in heaps.  There were few left to interrogate.  Searching the faces, he found one he recognized.  The informant lay dying, his body bleeding from numerous wounds.
Frank opened his eyes and looked up at the demon, “You lost.”
“Why did you stay here, human?  You knew we were coming,” Lucifuge moved closer.
“God has forgiven me for my weakness.  They’re telling me you’ve lost,” Frank smiled as blood leaked from his mouth.
“What are you babbling about?”
“I don’t understand either,” Frank laughed.  “Did you know three is a magic number?”
“Make sense, human.  Who is the leader of this group?” Lucifuge growled.
“You’re not ready for that answer yet, demon,” Frank whispered as his eyes glazed over and he died.
“Delirium.  Nonsense,” Lucifuge sighed as he walked away.
Behind him, Frank’s body sat up and began to speak.  Lucifuge turned in horrified recognition of the voice as it said, “Do you remember me?”
“Impossible.  It’s not your time, it’s our time,” fear resonated through Lucifuge’s words.
“He may change his mind.”
“No.  He won’t.”
“You backed the losing side, old friend,” Frank’s corpse whispered in a voice that had not been his in life.
“Michael, you bastard,” Lucifuge spat.
 

Chapter 9
George held the pistol behind Kathryn’s left ear.  “Pull this car over now,” he growled, leaning forward in the back seat.
“What exactly did I do wrong?” Kathryn asked.
“Shut the fuck up, witch.  And, if I hear so much as one syllable of Latin come out of that demonic mouth of yours, I’ll blow your head off,” George emphasized the point by pushing the gun barrel hard against her skull.
Billy eased the Cadillac to the side of the country road.  They were ten miles outside of Lynchburg, heading into the mountains.  As soon as George had recovered from the shock of finding out that Kathryn was a witch, he had pulled the gun on her.  “George, listen… Kathryn is okay…” Billy began.
“Okay?  Are you out of your mind?  She’s hellspawn, man.”
“I saved your life, asshole,” Kathryn said, gritting her teeth.
George hit her with the gun barrel again.  “I told you to keep your mouth shut,” George said, and then turned a cautious eye toward Billy.  “Your client here has sold her soul to the devil.  Now, I don’t know what she’s told you to convince you otherwise, but once a person is marked by the devil it’s all over.  They don’t change.”
“What are you going to do to her?”
George looked at Kathryn and grinned, “Well, I’d really hate to mess up these leather seats, so I thought I’d take her into that ditch and blow her brains out.”
George felt the cold steel nose of one of Billy’s nine millimeters against his temple.  “I can’t let you do that,” Billy said.
“All right, Billy,” Kathryn exclaimed.
“Shut up,” Billy and George both answered at the same time.
“Listen, George, in case you missed it back there, Kathryn saved your life.  Doesn’t that strike you as a little odd for someone in league with the devil?”
George stole a quick glance at the gun pointed at him, “Nope.  Just means she’s disciplined hellspawn.”
“Christ, would one of you guys just shoot?  I really need to pee,” Kathryn pleaded.
“You’re not helping, Kathryn,” Billy said, not taking his eyes off George.  “Look, George, we’re wasting time here.  The demons just sent an army to kill you.  It won’t take them long to figure out the leader got away.  You need to get out of town, we need to get to San Francisco.  Common goals.”
“Fine.  We’ll go.  But the witch stays here, in the ditch, sans brains.”
“No way.  All three of us go or you die,” Billy answered.
“Then me and the witch both die, because I’m taking her with me.”
“Guys, I’m not kidding, I really need to pee,” Kathryn said gritting her teeth.
“She didn’t have anything to do with killing your family, George,” Billy said quietly.
“Leave them out of this.”
“Why?  That’s what this whole thing is about.  Vengeance, right?” Billy asked.
“You know damned well that it is.”
“She’s not responsible.  I believe the demons want her dead as much as they want you dead.  Let’s put the guns away, call a truce and get the hell out of here,” Billy said.  He was pushing with his mind, just enough to do the trick he hoped.
George sighed and pulled the gun away from Kathryn’s temple.  She slumped farther down into her seat as Billy replaced the nine millimeter in its holster.
George sat back and looked up into the gray darkness, “Okay.  I’ll travel with you.  But the first opportunity I have to part company, I’m gone.  Got it?”
“Fair enough.  Let’s get out of here,” Billy said, starting the car.
Kathryn opened the passenger side door, got out and headed toward the trees beyond the ditch line.
“Where are you going?” Billy called out over the roar of the Eldorado’s engine.
Kathryn turned and yelled back, “I told you, I have to pee.”
 

Prelude: The 781st – May, 1943
Major Larry “The Shadow” Adams listened to the chatter coming over his headphones and cursed bitterly.  The bomber group that he and his men had escorted all the way to the Rhine had run into a swarm of ME-109’s fifty miles to the East and were dropping like flies.
He looked through the canopy of his P-51 and shook his head.  Two hundred feet away, his wingman and best friend Captain Willis “Wild Bill” Lackland stared back at him.  Willis’ voice came through the static of the headphones, “We’ll be running on fumes by the time we get to Dover as it is, Boss…”
“I know,” Larry said and looked back over his shoulder at the eight remaining members of the 781st fighter squadron, the Avenging Angels.  “Okay, Angels, listen up.  Our bomber pals are getting chewed up but good back there.  Any of you guys want to crash the Kraut’s little party?”
“Uh, where we gonna land?” one of the pilots called out.
“English channel, probably,” Willis replied.
“Anybody doesn’t want to risk it, just head for the barn now.  This is strictly a volunteer mission,” Larry said as he rolled his P-51 out of formation, banked hard right and headed back toward Germany.  Willis fell into step beside him.
Lieutenant Buford “Flash” Gordon chimed in as he turned his plane to follow the two leaders, “Damn.  My momma told me not to volunteer for nothin’, but I always was the dumb one in my family.”
The Avenging Angels turned back toward Germany.

Father Ian McKay always slept like a log.  He could never remember having a dream in the fifty years he had lived in Port Dawson, but tonight he was having a whopper.
In his dream, he was sitting in the local pub having a pint of Guinness.  There was nothing strange about that, he usually stopped by a little past nine and had a single Guinness.  It was the company he was keeping that he found strange.
He was sitting at the bar having a conversation with the Archangel Michael.
“How’s the Guinness, Ian?” Michael asked over his own mug.
“Oh, just fine, your Holiness,” Ian answered, unsure how you addressed an angel.
“None of that ‘Holiness’ crap, Ian.  Call me Mike.”
“Whatever you say, Mike,” Ian said and took another sip of the dark brew.  “So what brings you to Port Dawson?”
“Fate of humanity, Ian old son,” Michael said.  It disturbed Ian a little that the Archangel spoke with a decidedly American accent.  Somehow, he had always figured that God and his staff would speak proper English.
Michael leaned in and spoke with a hint of conspiracy, “If I asked you to do something without questioning it, something that’s going to sound really bizarre, would you do it?”
“Well, I don’t know.  If God wanted me to, I suppose I would.”
“No, no.  Upper management isn’t in on this.  This is strictly my idea.”
“No.  That’s different.  Nothing in my vows says I’m supposed to obey an angel.”
“Come on, Ian.  Show some initiative.  You think I became Archangel by playing it safe?  Besides, I just need you to do me a favor.”
“Well, I suppose…”
Michael slapped Ian on the back, almost causing the priest to spill his drink, “That’s the spirit.  And, you’ll only be breaking one commandment…”
“Now, wait just a minute,” Ian protested.
“A minor one, trust me.  You’ll be doing good, Ian.”
Ian took a long drink of the Guinness, “All right, what is it?”
“I need you to steal a boat,” Michael said.
“You want me to steal a boat?” Ian repeated to himself.  “Why?”
Michael shook his head, “Can’t tell you.”
“Well, I’m not going to do it unless you tell me why.”
Michael leaned heavily against the bar, “Hey, I’d tell you if I could.  But if I did, it might change the future.  So I can’t.”
Ian took another sip, “Might change the future, eh?”
“Yep.”
“So, you can’t tell me?”
“Nope.”
“Why me?”
“You’re the only company man in town.”
Ian looked at him, “There’s an Anglican down the block.”
“He’s got no faith.”
“No,” Ian exclaimed.  “Why he’s one of the most pious people I know.”
“Yeah, it’s a shame really,” Michael sighed.
“Is he going to hell?”
“No,” Michael said in astonishment.  “We don’t work that way.  Don’t believe everything you read.  Listen, Ian, time’s growing short here, so I’ll tell you this.  Think of the universe as a mechanism, like a clock.  The parts inside that make up the mechanism are people.  You following me?”
“I think so.  Yes.”
“A lot of different parts go into making a mechanism like a clock.  Now most people are bolts, they help hold things together, but they don’t really move the mechanism.  Understand?”
“Quite.”
Michael spread the fingers on both his hands and meshed them together.  “Some people though, they’re gears.  They are the vitally important pieces that make the whole thing work.  You, my friend, are one of those gears.”
Ian’s eyes widened, “I am?”
“Oh, yeah, absolutely.  A tiny gear, but a crucial one.  The fate of humanity rests with that gear, Ian.”
Ian looked down at the empty mug of Guinness, “I’ll do it.”
“Good man.  Now, wake up and get moving.”

“I’m going to have to ditch, Larry,” Willis called over the radio.  His fuel gauge had been hovering on empty for ten minutes.  He looked down at the choppy water of the channel.
Only two members of the Avenging Angels had survived the battle over Germany, but Larry had watched the last of the German Messerschmitts spiral into the green farmland before he and Willis had turned for home.  Fully half of the bombers had made it through and their thanks had kept the radio buzzing for over an hour.
Larry checked his own fuel gauge.  Not much left, but he would make it to shore.  Willis would not.  “Hang in there, Wild Bill.  Just ten more minutes and we’ll hit land.”
“You will, pal.  I won’t.”
“At least try to get a little closer.  Jesus, Willis.”
Willis’ engine began to sputter.
Larry cursed under his breath, “Okay, look, I’ve got your position.  I’ll land in the first town and they’ll send a boat.”
“Larry, something I never told you,” Willis croaked.
“What?”
“I can’t swim,” Willis said as the engine died and the P-51 began to glide.  The plane slowed and began its slow slide toward the black water.
“Hell,” Larry said as Willis performed what would have been a beautiful landing, if it hadn’t been into three foot waves.  The P-51 went airborne briefly as it struck a wave and bounced, but then fell with a powerful splash.
Five minutes, Larry thought.  Just five more minutes, and I can send a boat back.
Larry looked back and with the help of the moonlight, saw Willis climb out onto the wing of his rapidly sinking plane.  In that instant, he knew that he would never see his best friend again.
And, in that instant, he made a decision.

From the sinking plane’s wing, Willis watched as Larry did something very strange.  He banked his P-51 hard right, leveled off and then began to descend.  Larry plunged his plane into the water not fifty feet away.
A few minutes later, Larry pulled himself onto the wing beside Willis.
Willis stared at him in shock, and then said, “That was the stupidest damned thing I ever saw you do, Larry.”
“Shut up.  Can’t swim… What the hell is wrong with you, Willis?” Larry gasped, spitting out sea water.
“I can’t help it, I don’t like water.”
“Yeah, well you just landed in a shit load of it.”
“You think anybody heard us on the radio?  Think they’ll send a search party?”  Willis asked as the water rose on the wing.
“I don’t know, better inflate your vest,” Larry said, pulling the inflation pin on the Mae West.  Their vests filled just as the P-51 sank into the black water.  Luckily, the sea had calmed.
The two friends treaded water in the almost placid channel waters.
“Sure is a lot of water,” Willis said.
“Yeah.”
Willis looked down into the water around him, “You know what I hate about deep water, Larry?”
“No, what.”
“I always wonder what might be down there circling around my feet.”
“Shut up, Willis.”
After two hours, Willis began to tire.  Three times, Larry had to wake him up as Willis leaned forward in his vest.  He hadn’t said anything to Willis, but he figured that the two of them were done for.  Willis had nodded off again.
“Willis, wake up,” Larry said, struggling to keep his own eyes open.
“Wha?  I’m awake, I was just… Oh, Christ, we must be dead, Larry.”
“What makes you say that?”
“I see a priest.”
“Huh?” Larry asked.
“Right behind you in a little boat,” Willis repeated in awe and pointed behind Larry.
Larry turned his head just as Father Ian McKay called out, “Hello, boys.  Little late for a swim, isn’t it?”
A few minutes later, Ian had pulled them both into the boat and covered them with blankets.
“But how?” Larry asked just as he slipped into unconsciousness.
“The Lord works in mysterious ways, my son,” Ian said as he turned the boat back toward Port Dawson.  “I just wonder what sort of gears you two are?”

Chapter 10
“This is it,” George said waving them toward the dilapidated white farmhouse.  He had directed them to this spot thirty miles from Lynchburg, deep in the Blue Ridge Mountains.
“What is this place?” Kathryn asked.  They were high in the mountains, so the demon clouds seemed to roll just above their heads.
George kicked the front door of the farmhouse open.  “Johnson Farm.  It used to be a forest service exhibit on the Blue Ridge Parkway.”
“Why’d you want us to come here?” Billy asked peering into the gloom of the house.
“Come on in and I’ll show you,” George said and stepped across the threshold.  “When I first started the militia, I had a rule.  Everybody had to have a safe house.  A place to stockpile weapons and supplies in case everything went to shit.”
Billy and Kathryn followed George into the house.  George lit a lamp beside the old fireplace and the dusty room was filled with a golden glow, “This is my safe house.  Nobody knows about it but me.”
Kathryn looked around at the cobwebs and warped floorboards.  “Nice place.  Ever think about hiring a maid?”
If George heard her he gave no indication.  Instead he walked to the middle of the floor and moved a tattered rug aside to reveal a trap door complete with metal pull ring.  “Billy, there’s a hoe beside the fireplace, can you hand it to me?”
“Sure,” Billy said and handed it to him.
George hooked the pull ring with the blade of the hoe and the door flipped open with a thump and a cloud of dust.  A faint hissing noise came from the compartment below.
George leaned over the hole and peered down.
“Why do I get the feeling that there’s something alive down there?” Kathryn asked, backing away.
“Several things, actually,” George said and looked up at her.  “Rattlesnakes.  They make a great theft deterrent.”
“I don’t like snakes,” Kathryn said quietly.
George smiled, “Really?  I figured you’d get along with snakes pretty well, considering.”
Kathryn glared at him, “I’ll wait outside.”
“You do that,” George turned his attention back to the trap door.
Kathryn walked out and sat on the porch.
“You know, you might try being a little nicer to her,” Billy said peering down into the hole.
George lowered the blade of the hoe into the opening.  The hissing grew louder and the hoe jerked from side to side as the rattlesnakes struck it repeatedly.  “Yeah, well, I’ll keep that in mind,” George twisted the hoe to the left.  “Gotcha!” he exclaimed and pulled the hoe up slowly.  The blade had hooked the carrying strap of a large olive green duffel bag which emerged from the inky blackness.  Satisfied that no snakes had hitched a ride on the bag, he dumped it onto the wooden floor.
The hoe disappeared into the hole again.  When he was finished, George had pulled four duffel bags from the compartment.  He hooked the trap door’s ring with the hoe and it slammed shut with a muffled hiss from the rattlesnakes below.  “Thanks, guys,” George saluted the snakes and began opening duffel bags.
A vast assortment of weapons spilled onto the floor.  “Impressive,” Billy said as the last duffel bag vomited its contents.
George tossed Billy a small cardboard box, “Merry Christmas.”
Billy read the side of the box in the lantern light, “Laser sights?  How many of these do you have?”
“Ten… no, eleven.  They should fit your nine millimeters without any problem.  The instructions are in the box.  What are you carrying?”
“Shotgun, two nine millimeter Berettas, thirty-eight snub nose in my boot and a super soaker 2000 water pistol loaded with holy water.”
“Okay, well here’s two more Berettas,” George said, handing the two pistols to Billy.  “And you are going to love this.”  George held up two contraptions made of metal pipes.
“What are those?”
“Hold out your right arm.”
Billy held out his arm and George strapped one of the mechanisms below his right elbow.  There was a metal clamp on one end of the machine and George placed the grip of one of the Berettas into the clamp.  The gun rested against the inside of his right forearm, the muzzle four inches from Billy’s wrist.  “Is this what I think it is?”
George stepped back, “Flip your hand down like you’re hammering a nail.”
Billy flicked his arm straight and the mechanism deposited the Beretta into his hand.  “This is the coolest thing I have ever seen,” Billy said in amazement as he replaced the pistol in the metal clip and performed the magic trick again.
George returned to the pile of weapons on the floor, “Yeah, I found those up in Langley at the old CIA headquarters.  I think they’re museum pieces from the sixties.”
Billy strapped the second mechanism to his left arm, loaded the Berettas and placed them in the clamps.  Wearing his duster, no one would be able to see the concealed pistols.
A few minutes later, the two emerged from the farm house to find Kathryn asleep in the back seat of the El Dorado.  “Doesn’t look much like the wicked witch of the west when she sleeps, does she?”  George asked as he opened the trunk and placed the new weapons inside.
“What are we going to do about this car?” Billy asked, ignoring the comment.
“What about it?”
“It’s over forty years old, George.  It can’t possibly make it all the way to California.”
George laughed, “Looks can be deceiving, man.  You see this old car used to belong to the Sultan of Brunei.  He only used it when he came to the US on business, which wasn’t often.  It’s only got about thirty thousand miles on it.  And, it was specially made.
“It has a custom built, stainless steel engine designed to go five-hundred thousand miles at least.  The tires are solid rubber, no air which means they can’t blow out or go flat.  The glass is bullet proof, the body panels are armored and that cloth top is made of Kevlar.  The engine has a snorkel device, it’ll still run in three feet of water.  It has a fifty gallon gas tank, giving it a cruising range of about 900 miles without filling it up.”
George slammed the trunk and smiled, “And, it has the finest eight track tape player ever made.  Hope you like John Fogerty, ‘cause the Sultan was a big Creedence fan.”
Kathryn sat up in the back seat, “You guys get finished?”
“Yeah, we’re ready to go,” Billy said, climbing into the driver’s side.
“We have to stop one more place,” Kathryn said through a yawn.
 

Chapter 11
Ray wiped the bar down with a towel, then reached up and switched off the television.  The demons had been chattering all night long about the complete destruction of the James River Militia.  Ray poured himself two fingers of bourbon and downed it in one gulp, “Rest in peace, guys.”
Rebecca barred the door as the last of the patrons walked out into the night.  She dropped heavily into a chair and stared out into space.  Ray was worried about her.  She hadn’t said more than ten words since Billy had left.
He picked up the waste basket from behind the bar and started through the back room.  Ray reached the back door, opened it and stepped out into the alley.  
Billy should have taken her with him, Ray thought as he dumped the contents of the wastebasket directly into the lap of a scrawny werewolf who had been hiding beside the overflowing trash dumpster.  “Jesus,” Ray gasped as he stumbled backward.
The werewolf growled weakly.  Blood oozed from several deep wounds on its arms, legs and stomach.  Ray expected the werewolf to leap at him, but instead it curled itself into a ball with its head against the dumpster.
“Outta the way, old man,” a voice screamed, startling Ray from his shock.  The alley was suddenly full of teenagers, none of them older than eighteen.  They each carried a spear topped with a long blade that dripped a silvery liquid.  
Silver iodide, Ray thought as he was shoved back toward the door by the first youth.  The teenagers formed a semicircle around the wounded werewolf.
“Damn, Louis, I told you it was hiding down here,” one of the boys laughed as he poked the creature with his spear.  
The werewolf cried out and tried to squeeze itself behind the dumpster.
The oldest boy, Louis, spat at the werewolf and grinned, “That you did, Dave.”  Louis followed up with a kick.  The werewolf screamed in pain.
“Let it die in peace,” Ray said.  He took a step toward Louis and the younger man swung the spear toward him.
“Back off, old man.  This doesn’t concern you,” Louis growled.
“This is my bar.  Anything goes on in this alley is my concern.  There’s no reason to torture it like that.”
“You know what I think we got ourselves here, boys?  A fucking werewolf lover,” Louis said and the other boys began laughing.  “In case you missed the news tonight, the demons hit the militia.  Now it’s time for a little payback.”
“You want revenge?  Then go poke Lucifuge with those spears.  That pitiful werewolf over there is half starved, I doubt if it’s eaten in weeks.  It sure as hell didn’t attack the militia,” Ray said walking toward Louis.
“Go back to your bar, cripple,” Louis laughed.
Ray’s eyes narrowed as he walked closer, “It’s going to die.  You’ve got your revenge.  Now go away and stop torturing it.”
Louis pressed the tip of the spear against Ray’s chest, “I said get back in the bar.”
Ray heard the unmistakable sound of a Winchester being cocked behind him, followed by Rebecca’s voice, “Drop the spear, asshole.”
Louis looked up.  Rebecca was sitting in a second story window, the rifle nestled against her shoulder.  The barrel was pointed at Louis’ head.  The boy smiled, “You gonna kill all of us, bitch?”
“Yes,” Rebecca said without a hint of emotion.  The barrel did not move.
Louis snorted and then laid the spear across his shoulder.  “You know, I think she would.  Let’s get out of here.”  The gang began to back out of the alley.  “I’ll see you later, gimp.”
“You better hope not, white boy,” Ray said quietly.  The teens disappeared down the deserted street.
“That was fun,” Rebecca said from her perch.
“Yeah, just another day in paradise,” Ray said as he walked back toward the bar.
“What about the werewolf?”
“What about it?”
“You can’t just leave it there.”
“Oh, yeah?  Watch me.”
“Ray, come on, it needs help,” Rebecca pleaded.
“Jesus, Rebecca, that ain’t some stray puppy.  Besides, it doesn’t stand a chance.  Those wounds are dripping with silver iodide.”
“We have to try.  I’m coming down,” Rebecca said as she swung her legs inside the window.
“Shit,” Ray said.  “You stay right there.  It might still be dangerous.  The things I do for you…” Ray walked back to the dumpster.
“I love you, Ray,” Rebecca said.
“Yeah, yeah.  When it rips my head off, you can cry at the funeral,” Ray crouched down and looked at the werewolf.  It was hiding its face behind a blood stained right arm.
“Hey, werewolf,” Ray whispered.  The werewolf peered out from behind its arm.  Blood was collecting in a stagnant pool around the wounded creature.  “Crawl out of there.”
The werewolf stared at him, not comprehending.
“Come here, I won’t hurt you.”
“Your voice is too gruff,” Rebecca whispered, she had walked out the back door and now stood behind Ray.
Startled, Ray jumped, “Damn it, Rebecca, I told you to stay in the bar.”  The werewolf curled itself into a tighter ball.
“See, I told you.  It doesn’t like it when you talk mean.  Use a soothing tone.”
Ray sighed, “Okay… come on out.  We won’t hurt you.”
The werewolf looked up at them and began to crawl.
“That’s it.  Come on,” Ray whispered.
The creature stood up, shaking.  It was only about 5’9”.  Blood ran from the numerous gashes.
“Jesus, you are a mess,” Ray said and almost screamed as the werewolf collapsed against him.
It took Ray a few seconds to realize that the creature hadn’t attacked him.  The werewolf’s head lolled back and it almost fell over backward as Ray caught it with his arm and slung the unconscious form over his shoulder.  “This has got to be the stupidest thing I have ever done,” Ray said as he walked back toward the bar.
Rebecca stood on her toes and kissed his cheek.  “I think you’re wonderful,” she said.  She looked back at the spot where the werewolf had been lying and saw a small backpack.  Rebecca scooped it up and followed Ray into the bar.

Chapter 12
“I ever tell you guys how Larry here saved my life in WW2?” Willis asked as he dealt the cards around the table.
“Oh, hell, here we go…” Jess Winthrop sighed as he scooped up the cards in his brown hands.
“I had to ditch in the channel, on account of we ran out our fuel saving some bomber jockeys…”
“We’ve heard it already, Willis,” Sam Curtis growled, the youngest player at forty-two.  “You keep telling it and telling it and telling it.”
“Just deal the cards, Willis,” Larry Adams pleaded.
“Whew, that’s gratitude for you.  I try to provide a little entertainment and you guys bite my head off,” Willis said.
Jess looked at his cards, “It wouldn’t be so bad if you had a different story every once in a while.  Didn’t anything else happen to you two in the war?”
“Got laid in a whorehouse in Brighton,” Larry laughed.
Willis perked up, “Yeah, that was an adventure.  See, there was only ten girls there and there was ten of us.  Right when we all got paired off, this lorry load of British pilots pulls up.  ‘Course, they called dibs…”
“It was their country, you understand,” Larry chimed in.
“So, we fought it out.  Then the cops showed up,” Willis looked confused.  “I guess we didn’t get laid, we all went to the stockade.”
Sam began to laugh, “I like that story.  I like it.  I like it.  I like it every time you tell it.  Tell it again, Willis.  Tell it.  Tell it.”
“Sammy,” Jess looked concerned.  “Did you have your medication this morning?”
“Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.  I have to have my medication or I get, you know… you know… you know…” Sam began to scratch his head violently.
“Hyper, I know.  Maybe Willis could go and ask the nurse if maybe they forgot you this morning.”
“You know, yeah, you know I think that’s a real good idea, Jess,” Sam agreed.
“I’ll be right back,” Willis said as he got out of his chair.  “Anybody else need anything?”
“I think you need to bring Larry a pillow,” Jess said.  Larry had fallen asleep in his chair and had begun to snore.
“He’s having a good day today, isn’t he, Jess?” Willis asked.
Jess smiled, “He sure is, Willis.  His memory’s working fine today.”
“Who me?” Sam asked.  “My memory’s fine, Jess.  Really, really, really.”
“Why, of course it is, Sammy.  Willis and I were talking about Larry here.  You know, Larry forgets things sometimes.”
“Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.  But today is a good day, yes sir, yes sir.”
Willis stepped through the doorway into the central hall of the Marion, Virginia Veteran’s hospital.  At one end, the hallway opened onto a large activity room.  A girl with red hair and green eyes was walking down the hallway toward him.  “Kathy?”
Kathryn hugged the old man tightly, “Hi, Uncle Willis.”
“You get prettier every time I see you.  This is going to make Larry so happy.”
“How is grandpa?”
“He’s having a good day, Kathy.  Come on in,” Willis pulled her through the open door to the card table.  “Larry, look who came to see you.”
Larry’s eyes flickered open.  He stared at her for a moment, “Rachel?”
Willis interrupted, “No, Larry, it’s Kathy.  Matthew and Chloe’s daughter.  Your granddaughter Kathryn.”
Larry smiled, “Kathy, is that you?”
“It’s me, Grandpa,” Kathryn said as she leaned down and kissed his cheek.
“You look just like your Grandmother.”
Willis took her arm, “Kathy, let me introduce you.  This is Jess.  He was a pilot in World War II like me and your Grandpa.”
Jess shook her hand with a smile, “Pleased to meet you.”
“And, this is Sammy.  He fought in Desert Storm.”
“Hi, hi, hi,” Sammy said shaking her hand for about ten seconds.
“Hello,” Kathryn said and glanced up at Willis as Sammy stopped shaking her hand.
“Obsessive Compulsive Disorder… he’s harmless,” Jess whispered.
“Jess here was a shrink after the war,” Willis said.  “Which reminds me, I’m supposed to be checking on Sammy’s medication.  Back in a minute.”  Willis dashed out the door like a man half his age.
“So, what have you guys been doing?” Kathryn asked.
“Playing cards,” Larry said.
“And telling stories…” Jess began.
“Yeah, yeah, like when Larry and Willis went to this whorehouse, but they didn’t get laid.  Nope, nope, nope,” Sammy chimed in with a smile.
There was a moment of stunned silence until Jess spoke up, “Okay, Sammy, I think maybe we should go help Willis get your medication.”  Jess stood up and stepped toward the younger man.
“Naah, he can find the nurse, Jess.  Willis can find her, find her, find her,” Sammy protested.
“Be that as it may, let’s go look for him anyway,” Jess said pulling Sammy to his feet.
“Okay, okay, okay.  Nice to meet you.  Nice to meet you,” Sammy said as they walked into the hallway.
Kathryn looked at her Grandfather and smiled, “Whorehouse, huh?”
Larry leaned back in his chair, “It was seventy years ago and I was drunk.  And, I hadn’t even met your grandmother yet.”
Kathryn sat down and took his hand, “You have nice friends.  It looks like I left you and Willis in good company.”
“The best.  You’re in trouble aren’t you?”
Kathryn looked down at the floor, “It shows, huh?”
Larry closed his eyes and laughed, “I may be old, but I did raise you.”
“I remember.”
“So, out with it.”
Kathryn stood up and walked to the window.  Outside in the parking lot, Billy and George were checking the El Dorado’s oil.  “I have to leave Virginia for a few weeks.”
“Kathy, I haven’t seen you for two years and you come back to tell me you’re going to be gone for a couple of weeks…”
“I may not be back,” Kathryn said, looking at her reflection in the glass.  “What I’m doing is dangerous and I just wanted to tell you I love you before I did it.”
“Is there anything I can do?”
“No, I have to go get something in California.  And hopefully, by doing that, I can get something back that I lost,” Kathryn looked at her reflection and thought how empty it looked.
“Just something you have to do, huh?” Larry’s voice was almost a whisper.
“Yeah.”
“I love you, Kathy.”
“I love you too.”
A few minutes later, Kathryn stepped out into the hall.  Near the end of their talk, Larry had begun to drift.  The Alzheimer’s was getting worse.
Willis placed a hand on her shoulder and she hugged him tight, “See, I told you.  He’s having a good day.”
Kathryn wiped a tear away, “Yeah.  I’m afraid I won’t see him again before…”
“I know.  It’s okay, Kathy.  I’ll be here, until the end.”
“You’re a good friend, Uncle Willis.”
Willis looked back into the card room, “He didn’t leave me in the channel that night.  I won’t let him to face this alone.”  The smile returned to Willis’ face, “Now, you go on and do whatever it is that you need to do.  That’s what he would want.”

“Finally,” George grumbled as Kathryn walked out toward the car.  He and Billy sat in the driver and passenger seats respectively and watched her walk toward the car.
Billy could feel the sadness coming off the woman as she climbed into the back seat.  “You okay?”
“Yeah, let’s get moving.  It’s a long way to California,” Kathryn said looking up at the hospital windows.  She would never see her grandfather like this again.
“You’re the boss,” George said flatly.  He started the car and they pulled onto the road heading west.

Chapter 13
Ray worked the turkey baster deeper into the werewolf’s arm.  “A werewolf heals a lot faster than a normal human being,” Ray grunted with the effort.  “The trick is to get the silver iodide out of the wound.”  He released the rubber bulb of the baster and a mixture of blood and silver iodide filled the tube.
Rebecca watched in amazement as the deep gash, finally free of the silver closed itself without leaving so much as a scar.  Moments later, the wound was covered in coarse black fur.  “Ray you should have been a doctor.”
“Or a veterinarian.  Depends on your point of view,” Ray said.  The werewolf was lying on the bar.  Ray had tied towels around the creature’s paws and made a muzzle out of a length of clothesline, but it was hardly necessary.  The werewolf was very weak.
“Why doesn’t he change back to human form?” Rebecca asked.
“He can’t, too weak.  It takes a lot of energy for them to change form.  He may not be human for a long time,” Ray said as the last of the lacerations disappeared.  “Well, that’s it.”
“Do you think he’ll make it?” Rebecca asked.  The creature passed out as the gashes closed.
“I don’t know.  Some of the silver iodide probably made it into his internal organs.  He stands a chance if his body can filter it out.”
“So what do we do with him now?”
Ray loaded the still unconscious werewolf onto his shoulder, “For now, we put him in an upstairs bedroom and hope for the best.”
 
Bristol, Virginia

“Shit,” Billy whispered as he stared through the binoculars.  He was lying on his stomach on a hill overlooking the Tennessee border.  The interstate below was blocked by two police cruisers.  He stood up and walked back to the Cadillac.
“What’s wrong?” Kathryn asked as he sat down in the driver’s seat.
“There’s a road block at the border,” Billy said rubbing his eyes.  “They’re probably looking for you.”
“Or me,” George said from the back seat.
“Maybe both,” Kathryn said and stared out the window.
Billy sighed, “If anybody has any ideas, speak up.”
Kathryn nodded, “Okay, I know what to do.  I can make myself invisible.”
“What about George?”
“Wait a minute, I’m not going to be involved in any black magic,” George said.
“Christ, here we go again,” Kathryn scowled.
Billy turned to look at him, “Look, George.  This is the only way we’re going to get past them.”
“Today’s a bad day, but I think I have enough power to cast the spell twice.”
“What do you mean ‘Today’s a bad day’?” George asked.
Kathryn sighed and looked down at her feet, “It’s personal.”
“Too bad.  If your spell wears off early it might get us killed.  I want to know why today is a bad day,” George leaned forward and grinned.  “What’s the matter?  That time of the month or something?”
Kathryn turned and glared into George’s eyes, “No.  And if you must know that’s the problem.  This is the week after.  I’m strongest just before and weakest one week later.  So, take my advice, don’t ask me that question three weeks from now.”
George returned the stare but backed down.
“Could you two cut it out just long enough to get us past the roadblock, please,” Billy pleaded.
Kathryn closed her eyes and began to chant softly, “Facere caecus.”  On the third recitation she opened her eyes and stared at Billy.
Billy gasped – Kathryn’s eyes had turned completely black.
Kathryn giggled, “Sorry, temporary side-effect.  I should have warned you.  Facere caucus.”  And, with that, she disappeared.
“Kathryn?” Billy whispered.
“I’m still here,” Kathryn said and touched his arm.
Billy smiled, “This is amazing.”  He reached out slowly and touched her invisible face.
“Okay, George, your turn,” Kathryn said and then paused.  She had an idea, and if they could have seen her face, they would have seen a smile on her lips.
George cried out as Kathryn’s unseen hand clutched his wrist, “Facere femina.  Never piss off a witch, George.  Facere femina hilaris et amatorius.  You want to ask embarrassing questions?  Facere femina meretrix.  Oh, yes, and I take particular enjoyment in this:  Facere femina dolere.”
George suddenly doubled over in pain.
“Kathryn, stop it you’re killing him,” Billy pleaded.
“No, he’s just going to wish he was dead for awhile,” Kathryn’s voice floated across from the passenger’s side.  Suddenly she laughed, “Would you look at that… I really outdid myself.”
Billy looked into the back seat.  George was gone.  In his place sat a woman with dark brown hair and green eyes.  “George?”
The woman held her stomach and groaned in pain, “I swear to God, I am going to kill that bitch.”
“Why is he… she… George in pain?”
“He’s so interested in menstruation, I thought I’d let him experience it first hand,” Kathryn was laughing hysterically now.  “I’m sorry, but he really had it coming.”
“Keep laughing.  If I find my gun we’ll find out if your blood is invisible too,” George said through gritted teeth.  This caused Kathryn to laugh harder.
Kathryn touched Billy’s arm, “If you’re going to go through the roadblock today, I’d suggest you do it now.  These spells will only last about a half hour.”
“Did you have to make him look like that?” Billy whispered.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean she looks sort of… loose.”
“Oh, that’s what meretrix means: prostitute,” Kathryn laughed.
The Cadillac had almost reached the road block.  “The way she looks might cause problems.”
“Oh, I didn’t think about that.”
“Anybody makes a move on me, I’ll blow their head off,” George said.  He had found his gun.
“Great.  Now he looks like a psychotic hooker,” Billy groaned as he stared into the rear view mirror.  Why did she have to make the breasts so big?
Kathryn began to chant under her breath, “Just enough juice for one more small spell.  George, honey, docilis aestuosus et stolidus.”
George dropped the gun.
“What did you do to him now?”
A high voice sounded from George’s feminine lips, “Hi!  I’m Tiffany Klein.  Miss South Carolina.  If I could have anything I wished for, I’d wish that every child could have their own Dalmatian puppy.”
“Better?” Kathryn asked.
Billy just stared at the passenger seat and shook his head.
“Sorry.  That was the first voice that came to mind,” Kathryn said.  “Miss America pageant 1997.  I heard that woman’s voice and I swear I just wanted to throw up.”
“How come I can hear that woman’s voice but I can’t see her?” George asked with Tiffany’s voice.  
“Because I’m on the radio, Tiffany,” Kathryn said and rolled her invisible eyes.
“George really thinks he’s Tiffany?” Billy asked.
“Thinking isn’t really on George’s task list right now.  Chewing gum or tying shoe laces would probably give him a headache.  But, yes, he thinks he’s Tiffany.”
“Tiffany, I need you to just sit quietly until I talk to this policeman, okay?”  Billy had pulled up to the road block and a policeman in a battered highway patrol uniform was walking up to the car.  An inverted pentagram was branded on the man’s forehead.
“Kathryn, you and I are going to have a talk after this is over.”
“He started it…”
The policeman reached the Cadillac, “Where you headed?”
Billy looked into the cop’s eyes and focused, “We’re on our way to Kingsport.”
The cop blinked, “You’re on your way to Kingsport.”
“You should just let us pass.”
“I should just let you pass,” the cop said, his eyes had gone blank.
Abruptly, the cop shook his head, “What’s your business in Kingsport?”
Billy sighed.  The man wasn’t extremely intelligent, but he was determined to do his job.  The cop’s sense of responsibility was too strong.
The trooper shifted his attention to the backseat where Tiffany sat grinning.  “Oh, I get it… you’re a pimp, right?”
“Uh, yeah,” Billy said.
“How much?”
“What?”
“For the girl, how much?”
Billy’s eyes widened when he understood.  “Tiffany is very expensive.”
The cop leaned against the driver’s side door, “Well, today the toll to cross into the territories is one Tiffany.  Any objections?  Or, do I have my friends over there do a strip search?”  He motioned toward two ogres standing nearby with axes across their shoulders.  They were nine feet tall with two tusks growing out of their lower jaws.
Billy took a chance and looked into the cop’s mind.  The trooper hated ogres, but he had to work with them.
“What’s it going to be, pimp?”
Billy delved deeper and saw an ex-wife.  He saw a betrayal.
Billy focused, “You don’t like ogres.”
“I don’t like ogres,” the cop’s face was slack again.
“You loved your wife,” Billy pushed.
“God, yes,” the cop sobbed.
“She had an affair.”
“That whore…”
Now for a little change to that memory.  “With those ogres standing over there…”  Billy said and nodded toward them.
The cop whirled around and screamed, “You sons of bitches!”
The closer of the two ogres squinted at the cop and scratched his bald head.
The trooper drew his forty-five pistol, pulled the trigger and the ogre’s face exploded in a red mist.
The second ogre’s mouth dropped open as the first collapsed to the ground in a bloody heap.  The standing ogre had only an instant to react as the cop fired a second time and ran toward him.
The bullet missed the ogre by inches, but the trooper had closed the distance between them and was now within range of the huge axe.  The ogre screamed and swung the axe in a wide arc, separating the cop’s head from his shoulders.
Billy was still amazed that the memory modification had worked.  The ogre turned his attention to his fallen comrade.
“Nice job.  Now would be a very good time for us to leave,” Kathryn whispered.
Billy put the Cadillac into drive.  They rolled past the police cruisers and into the Tennessee hills.

High above, two red eyes peered with infrared vision through the clouds at the Cadillac as it roared away.





Part Two: Tennessee

Nurture your mind with great thoughts; to believe in the heroic makes heroes. 
	- Benjamin Disraeli


Seeds of faith are always within us; sometimes it takes a crisis to nourish and encourage their growth. 
- Susan Taylor


Apone: You'll love it, it's a rescue mission.
	- Aliens


Chapter 14
“Bucksnort?  What kind of people name their town Bucksnort?” Kathryn peered through the Cadillac’s windshield at the exit ramp sign.
“I wouldn’t call it a town, exactly,” George said leaning forward in the backseat.  “One gas station and a porno store.”
Billy checked the laser sight on one of his nine millimeters and replaced it in its holster, “Well, let’s hope that there is some gas in those pumps down there.  We’re running on fumes.”
“So, what’s the plan?” Kathryn asked.
“What plan?” Billy said squinting at her.
Kathryn rolled her eyes, “Well, that gas station hasn’t been open in years…”
“There’ll be some gas in the bottom of the storage tanks.  We have a hand pump in the back,” George explained.
“All right, let’s do this,” Billy shifted the car into drive.  “Keep your eyes open.  Everything from here to California is a free hunt zone.  You up to casting a few spells?”
“I’m at about a quarter power.  That’s enough to fry anyone who messes with us,” Kathryn was rummaging through the pockets of her leather jacket and mumbling Latin.
 
Lynchburg, VA
The werewolf strained against the chain wrapped around its throat.  Ray had secured the other end of the heavy chain to the iron bed frame.  The creature could sit up, but it could not move from the bed, which Ray had bolted to the oak floor.
“You think this will work?” Rebecca asked.
Ray held up his invention and admired it, “I think so.”  The device was simple: a soup bowl attached with duct tape to the end of a broomstick.  Fragrant steam rose from the chicken soup in the bowl.  “Anyway, I hope it works… because our friend here is a little too dangerous to feed at close range.”
As if on cue, the werewolf let loose with a loud howl and tugged hard against the chain.  Ray had no doubt that the creature would kill them if it got loose.  This had been a bad idea.  The creature stared at him with olive green eyes.
“Here goes nothing,” Ray said and extended the soup bowl toward the werewolf.  The creature stared at him, as if expecting it to be some sort of trick.  Finally, it dipped its black muzzle into the soup bowl and began to eat.
“He needs a name,” Rebecca said as the slurping sounds became more ravenous.
“I’m sure he already has one.”
“Well, he can correct us later.  I think I’ll call him Fred.”
Ray wrinkled his nose, “Fred?  What the hell kind of name is that for a werewolf?”
“I like that name.  He just looks like a Fred to me,” Rebecca said.  The slurping stopped as the werewolf finished the soup then licked its muzzle with a long red tongue.  “Did you like that, Fred?”
Fred turned his head sideways and stared at her.
“Fred… Do you mind if I call you Fred?”
The werewolf lost its placidity and lunged at Rebecca with a loud snarl.  The chain pulled taut and he stopped five feet from the girl.
Rebecca stumbled backward and fell to the floor as Fred continued to struggle against the chain.
“I’ll take that as a no,” Rebecca said as Ray helped her to her feet.
Fred had stopped struggling against the chain.  He lay on his back whimpering on the bed.
“What say we have some of that soup for ourselves?” Ray asked Rebecca as they turned to leave.
“Book!” the werewolf screamed in a coarse voice.
The two turned and stared at Fred.  He was sitting up on the bed again, trembling.
“What did you say?” Ray asked.
“Book!  Give book!” Fred held out his clawed hands.
Rebecca looked at the dresser where she had laid the werewolf’s backpack.  She walked over and started going through the contents.
“Need!” Fred’s newly found voice had taken on a pathetic whining tone.
From the backpack, Rebecca retrieved a battered paperback.  She stared at the title for a moment and then held it up for Ray to see.
“Essential Teachings of the Dalai Lama?” Ray said shaking his head.
“Give!  Give!” Fred cried in a high pitched voice.
Rebecca tossed the book onto the bed.  Fred leapt upon it, almost ripping the cover off as he flipped the dog eared pages.  He began to read to himself, murmuring as he rocked back and forth on the bed.
Ray rubbed his eyes and said with a sigh, “A Buddhist werewolf.  Why not?  Makes about as much sense as anything else around here.”
Rebecca laughed and stared as Fred continued repeating some mantra that only he could understand.  In a few minutes, his rocking, which had been furious to begin with, slowed.  His voice seemed calmer as well.
“He uses the book to control his rage,” Ray said quietly.  Rage that, uncontrolled, would have resulted in their deaths.
 
Bucksnort, TN
“This is going to take a while,” George sighed as he knelt behind the car.  The hand pump was shaped like a small fire plug with a crank on the side.  Two faded red rubber hoses snaked out from the base of the pump.  One of the hoses disappeared into a capped steel pipe in the asphalt, while the other was inserted in the gas pipe of the Cadillac.
Billy stood beside the older man as he cranked the pump.  He could hear the liquid trickling into the Caddy’s tank and the pungent scent of the gas burned his nostrils.  Billy glanced nervously left and right.  He knew they were being followed, could feel it hanging over them like a giant wave at the seashore, but so far their shadow was keeping its distance.  “Any idea how long?”
“Fifty gallon tank… half hour maybe.  I sure hope I’m getting good gas.  Could be I’m getting as much water as fuel.”
“Well, we don’t have much choice do we?” Kathryn said.  She was lying back on the long hood of the car looking up at the grey sky.  Anyone watching might think she was dozing, unless they saw the small blue ball of fire that weaved its way in figure eights between her outstretched fingers.  With a flick of her wrist, the ball would fly out toward its target, expanding to a six foot diameter before engulfing and incinerating it.
“True,” George answered.
Billy reached out with his mind, searching for anything that might be approaching the gas station.  Several people had walked here recently.  The psychic spoor they had left played like snippets of a movie in Billy’s head.  A young boy had been here as recently as this morning.  A werewolf had crossed the parking lot a week ago, but his psychic trail abruptly ended halfway past the gas pumps.  Billy looked toward the spot of its disappearance, but he could sense nothing more.
“You picking up anything,” George asked.
“No,” Billy whispered back, but even as he said it, he turned left toward the bushes behind the station.  “Wait.  We have company.  Kathryn, seven o’clock.”
Kathryn glanced slowly behind and to the left, “You sure?”
“Alone.  About forty feet.”
George, still kneeling behind the car, stopped pumping.  Beside him lay a small sub machine gun, and he picked it up slowly by the hand grip.  “Sure there’s only one?”
“Yes,” Billy straightened his right arm and one of the nine millimeter pistols dropped into his hand.  “Human.  He’s armed, 12 gauge.”
“I can take him,” Kathryn said, raising her left hand in the air.  The fireball spell hid behind her fingers, ready to fly.
George pulled back the slide on the gun with a soft click.  “I’m ready.”
“I’m taking the shot,” Kathryn whispered.
Billy concentrated his power on the figure approaching through the bushes.  The stalker was nervous, he had to pee.  The view through the stalker’s eyes was distorted to Billy, as if the man was crouched or very short.  Suddenly, Billy knew and he called out loud, “No!  Put them away.”
“Shit,” Kathryn cursed.  The ball had left her fingers, but at the last instant she directed it skyward.  It disappeared into the clouds.
The stalker, a short boy of about ten stared up at the clouds after the ball.  “Wow, is that going to come back down?” the boy asked.  The sawed off double barreled twelve gauge was still pointed toward Billy.
Kathryn rolled off the hood onto the asphalt, putting the car between herself and the kid.
“No, it’ll burn out in a few seconds,” Billy answered.  He pointed the nine millimeter toward the ground.
George stood, the submachine gun pointed to the right of the child.  “Are you sure this kid is friendly?” he whispered to Billy.
“Yes, I’m sure,” Billy answered.
“My Mamaw sent me to fetch you,” the boy announced.  He looked directly at Billy.  The boy was dressed in worn bibbed overalls and straight black hair was sticking out under the band of a green John Deere baseball cap.  The cap looked older than he did.
“What the hell’s a ‘Mamaw’?” Kathryn whispered from her hiding place behind the right front tire of the Caddy.
“It’s mountain slang for grandmother,” Billy whispered back.
“Your grandma send you to ‘fetch’ us with that twelve gauge, boy?” George growled.
“Nope, that was my idea,” the boy answered.  “And, my name ain’t boy, it’s Curtis.”  He aimed the twelve gauge at the ground.
Kathryn stood and leaned on the hood, “Does it bother you guys that Curtis’ Mamaw knew we were coming?” she whispered.
“Curtis, how did your grandma know we were here?” Billy asked.
“I don’t know.  She just told me to walk down to the filling station and fetch the tall thin man with glasses, the preacher, and Satan’s con Cuban.”
“Satan’s what?” Billy asked.
Kathryn rolled her eyes and hissed, “I think the word you’re looking for is concubine, kid.”
“Yeah, conka bind,” Curtis nodded.  He no longer looked at George or Billy.  His gaze was fixed squarely on Kathryn.
“Wait, wait, wait,” Kathryn said.  “What did he say?  A tall thin guy with glasses and a… did he say a preacher?”
George looked away.
“He was mistaken,” Billy said quietly.
“George, something you’ve been hiding?” Kathryn smiled.
“I’m not a preacher,” George answered.  “Not anymore.”
“Well, I’ll be damned,” Kathryn laughed.
George turned and looked at her, ice in his eyes, “You already are.”
“Touché, Father George,” Kathryn answered back with venom.
“Mamaw said if you’ll come out to the camp, she’ll feed you and you can have all the gas your car can hold,” Curtis called from the edge of the woods.
“What do you think?” Billy asked.
“Shoot the kid, take the gas,” Kathryn said with a smile.  “Okay, just kidding.  I vote we get the hell out of here before the rest of the cast of Deliverance shows up.”
“What can you read from the boy, Billy?”  George asked.
“He’s telling the truth, and he believes everything his grandmother told him.  He’s a good kid.”
Kathryn glared over the hood at Curtis, “If he’s so good, why does he keep staring at me?”
“He thinks you’re beautiful.  He’s never seen anyone who looked like you,” Billy smiled at her.
Kathryn blushed, “Well, obviously I misjudged him.”
“No accounting for taste,” George remarked.  “What the hell, I’m hungry.”
“Okay, Curtis.  Take us to your Mamaw,” Billy said.


Chapter 15
The vampire tapped his long finger nails on the arm of the wooden chair, “You haven’t given me much to go on.”
Behind the desk, Barbatas stood staring out the window into the gloom of downtown Lynchburg.  He was in human form.  “Unfortunately, it’s all we have.”
“The witch’s protector is known to us.  A bounty hunter named Billy Murphy.”
“He is of no consequence.  But, the witch must be brought here unharmed.”
“Of no consequence to you perhaps,” the vampire smiled.  “He has murdered many of our brothers and sisters.  I will take great pleasure in killing him.”
“Do as you will,” Barbatas turned from the window and leaned on the desk.  His body began to change until he loomed in demon form above the vampire.  His voice echoed through the office, “just bring me the witch!”
The vampire’s smile revealed his gleaming fangs, “Of course, Lord Barbatas.  Somewhere between here and California, we will find them.”
 
Bucksnort, TN
Billy, George and Kathryn followed Curtis into the woods behind the gas station.  They had parked the Cadillac behind the collapsed station to hide it from view, and they followed a narrow path into the hills.
“Curtis, who killed the werewolf at the gas station?” Billy asked as he weaved his way around a large rock in the path.
Kathryn and George looked at each other in confusion.
Curtis looked back over his shoulder at them, “I did.  But how did you know about that?”
Billy smiled, “I can sense things sometimes.”
“You and Mamaw are going to hit it off good,” Curtis said shaking his head.  “She has visions.  Listen, don’t mention that werewolf to Mamaw, okay?  She’d blister my butt if she knew I went hunting by myself.”
“Ten year olds hunting werewolves,” Kathryn wondered out loud.
Curtis straightened to his full four and a half feet, “I ain’t ten, I’m almost twelve.”
“What happened to the werewolf’s body, Curtis,” Billy asked.
“Yeah, that kinda had me perplexed too.  I couldn’t drag the body, he was too big.  When I come back the next morning, it was gone.  Reckon some animal come and got it.”
When they reached the top of the hill, they got their first look at the camp.  At one time, it had been a large farm.  The square white farm house and massive barn still stood at its center, but beyond that the collection of buildings in the small valley below looked more like a prison.  The perimeter of the valley floor was lined with high wire fences topped with razor wire.  Gun towers rose along the fence at irregular intervals.  Not a prison, Billy thought.  A fortress.  They’re not trying to keep things in, just out.
“Pretty impressive for Bucksnort, Tennessee,” Kathryn said as they walked down the hill toward the steel gate.  Two men with assault rifles stood guarding the entrance.
“My Dad designed it when I was a baby,” Curtis said with a smile.  “He was an engineer.  He built bridges and buildings and all sorts of things before I was born.”
“Where is he now?” Billy asked.
Curtis looked down at his feet, “He died.”
“I’m sorry.”
The men guarding the gate looked at the strangers wide-eyed.  They opened the gate and stepped aside.  
They’re afraid, Billy thought as he passed through.  
A narrow street of dirt stretched before them.  Women and children stood looking out the windows of small cabins along both sides, but they quickly stepped back into the shadows as the trio of strangers led by the boy passed.
“Mamaw said she’d be waiting on you in the barn,” Curtis said, pointing toward the structure at the end of the street.  He stepped in front of Kathryn, “But you can’t go.”
Kathryn frowned down at the boy, “Why not?”
“Mamaw said you were unclean.  You’re not to come in the barn or the main house, nor any house on the street.”
“All right, that’s it.  I’m going to go beat the crap out of grandma,” Kathryn said walking toward the barn.
“Kathryn,” Billy said and shook his head.
“Look, Billy…”
“Their house, their rules.  You’re a witch.  It tends to frighten people,” Billy explained.
Kathryn threw her hands into the air, cursed under her breath and stomped off toward an empty field behind the barn.
“We’ll bring you a doggy bag,” George yelled after her.
With her back to them, Kathryn extended the middle finger of her right hand and waved it.
“You know, she’s a class act,” George smiled.
“Knock it off, George.”
Billy and George followed Curtis to the barn doors.  The boy looked out into the field where Kathryn stood kicking at a clod of earth.  “I’ll wait out here,” he said and walked off toward the field.
Billy opened the door and took a step back.  He had expected to find a darkened space behind the barn door, instead a bright bluish light glared within the cavernous structure.  Billy and George stepped inside.
“They’re grow lights,” a woman’s voice called from inside.  The owner of the voice, a large woman with white hair walked toward them.
The barn floor was a garden.  Beans, tomatoes and potatoes grew in regular rows along the floor.  “When the demons came and blocked out the sun, my eldest Randall went out and found every grow light in Tennessee.  Brought them back here.  He was a smart boy, my Randall.  Saved us all.”
“Ma’am, I’m…” Billy began.
The woman grabbed Billy and hugged him tight, “Billy Murphy, you are a sight for sore eyes.  You look just like God described you.  To a tee!”  She turned to George and hugged him even tighter, “Father George, I can’t tell you how glad I am to see both of you!”
George looked down at the woman, “I’m not a preacher, Mrs.?”
She took a step backward, “Of course, you don’t know me from Adam.  I’m Cora Latham.  I’m Curtis’ Mamaw.  Kathryn is with you, isn’t she?”
“She’s outside as you requested,” Billy answered.
“I’m sorry about that; but, God was very specific on that.  He said, The witch must not enter your house, nor the houses of others, nor the places where food is grown.  I’m not sure why, but when God tells you how he wants something… well, I’ll not question Him.  Now help me gather some potatoes.”

Kathryn stood in the empty field talking to herself in a mocking falsetto, “Mamaw said you were unclean.  You’re not to come in the barn or the main house, nor any house on the street.”  She kicked at a clod of dirt and continued in her own voice, “Well, screw you old lady.”
She had watched the barn for a while, but had quickly turned away when the door opened.  Billy, George, and a woman who could only have been ‘Mamaw’ had walked out carrying potatoes.  They had walked to the kitchen door of the farm house and gone inside.  Mamaw had stood for a moment in the doorframe looking toward her.  From the corner of Kathryn’s eye, she could tell that the woman was looking at her in pity.  This infuriated her even more.
“Mamaw said she’ll fix you a plate when supper’s ready,” Curtis said.  He had crept up behind her as she talked to herself.
“Great.  You think she’ll poison it?”
Curtis replied in a serious tone, “Why would Mamaw do that?”
“Well, Curtis dear, I don’t think she likes me much,” and that bothered Kathryn, although for the life of her she didn’t know why.
The boy laughed, “Naah, Mamaw loves everybody.”
“Even Satan’s Conka Bind?” Kathryn favored him with a smile.
“Especially you.  She said you was lost, but God would find you in time,” Curtis said, then clapped his hand over his mouth.  “I wasn’t supposed to say that.  You won’t tell Mamaw, will you?”
At the boy’s words, the smile had frozen on Kathryn’s lips and slowly faded, “No.  I won’t tell.”
“What is a conka bind, anyway?”
Kathryn sat down on the dead grass and laughed, “The word is concubine.  And it means... well, it means girlfriend.”
Curtis dropped onto the grass beside her, “Why would you be the devil’s girlfriend?  That doesn’t make much sense.”
“Seemed like a good idea at the time.  Now, not so much.  It’s a pretty dysfunctional relationship… I’m thinking about ending it.”
“That’s a good idea,” Curtis said with a smile.
Kathryn laughed, “Course I could end up pretty lonely.”
“Naah, you could always be my girlfriend.”
“You’re pretty sure of yourself for eleven.”
“I’m almost twelve.”

If Billy had ever eaten this well, he couldn’t remember it.  Cora Latham had filled their plates with pork chops, brown beans, corn bread, green beans and sliced, fried potatoes.  She had worked methodically at the coal burning stove, frying and baking in well-seasoned iron skillets.
She had called the boy in to take plates for him and Kathryn, whom Cora referred to as that ‘poor girl’.  Finally, she sat down at the head of the long kitchen table and began to eat.  “As long as we have the grow lights and the pigs and chickens, I suppose we’ll be alright.”
“Thank you for the food, ma’am.  It’s delicious,” Billy said as he took a drink of milk.
“You can call me Cora, and you’re welcome.  It’s the least I can do for what you’re going to do for us.”
George stopped in mid chew, still leaning over his plate.  He glanced sideways at Billy, but he looked just as confused.  “What is it exactly we’re supposed to do?” George asked.
Cora looked puzzled, “You mean you don’t know?  I guess I just assumed… God, said you were coming to save us.”
“Save you from what, Cora?”  Billy asked.
“You really don’t know do you?  I never thought about that.  God said you would come here and kill my husband.”
George almost choked on a bite of pork chop, “Excuse me?”
“Oh, I should start at the beginning.  My husband is a…” Cora began.
“Ghoul,” Billy said quietly.
“Yes,” Cora nodded.
George stared at him, “How did you…”
“The gas station.  Something removed the dead werewolf from the parking lot.  The only thing big enough to cart off a dead werewolf and not leave any psychic trail is a ghoul.  But, that’s only part of it, isn’t it?”
Cora nodded, “It started a few days after the demons came.  We were hiding here in the house.  My husband, Lawrence, was… is a Baptist minister.  There was a knock at the door.  One of our neighbors had been attacked by something, nobody knew what, but he was near death.”  Cora pointed toward the living room, “They laid him there on the couch, and Lawrence ministered to him.”
“The man turned, there on the couch, didn’t he?” Billy asked.
“Yes.  It was awful, his eyes seemed to bulge out of their sockets and black saliva was pouring out of his mouth.  He bit Lawrence’s hand before one of the man’s kin turned a twelve gauge on him.”
“How long did it take your husband to turn?”
“A long time.  For the first few weeks, he had us chain him in the barn.  He prayed everyday out there.  After a month, he told us that he thought God had spared him, so he only chained himself at night.  Then one day, he just walked into the woods and disappeared.”
“But he did come back, right?”
“About a year ago.  One morning he was just standing out by the gate.  I don’t know what he told the men that were guarding it, but they let him in,” Cora looked down at her hands shaking her head.  “He was like a ghoul, but not a complete one.  Only part of his face had changed, his right eye was still normal.  He could talk, but it was all liquid sounding.  He started attacking people as soon as they opened the gate.  Lawrence was spouting bible verses and biting people.  And, the ones that he infected, they turned fast, almost instantly.”
“How did you get away?” Billy asked.
“Those that weren’t infected, we fell back to the house.  After awhile, when Lawrence saw that it was no use, he walked close enough to the house that we could hear him.  He said that God had told him the earth was dead, and that only the eaters of the dead would survive.  He said that he was starting a new church, and that we would all be part of his flock before long.  Then, they left.”
“You mean, the ghouls followed him?” Billy asked with amazement.
“Yes,” Cora nodded.
“That doesn’t make any sense.  Ghouls can’t communicate, and they don’t have the mental ability to follow orders.  They’re mindless eating machines, like sharks.”
“Somehow, my Lawrence controls them.  They congregate in his old church every Sunday morning, just like a regular church service.  There are at least sixty of them,” Cora sighed.  “But, that’s not the worst of it.”
George groaned, “Great, it gets worse.”
“A month ago, my daughter-in-law, Curtis’ mother, led a party to attack the church.  They were well armed, but by nightfall, they hadn’t returned.  Then, Lawrence came to the edge of the woods.  He told us that twelve men and women had come to service that morning, and that he had baptized one.  Then he said that he would baptize one every Sunday, and that we were all invited to the service.”
Billy looked down at his hands, “So, he’s infected four?”
“That’s what he said.  And, that’s why we’ve been waiting for you.  God came to me the night the twelve disappeared and said you were coming and there would be a cleansing.”
George stood up from the table, “Mrs. Latham, you have my sympathy, but I’m afraid you have us all wrong.”
“What George is trying to say, ma’am…  Well, I don’t think we are the heroes you are waiting for.  Kathryn hired me to take her to California, and George just kind of ended up coming along for the ride.”
“We’re just trying to survive this the same as you,” George finished.
Cora smiled, “You all must be tired from your travels.  You’re welcome to stay here tonight.”
George and Billy exchanged a confused look.  “Cora, you understand what we’re telling you,” Billy asked.
“Yes, dear, I understand.  You’re telling me that you can’t help us.  I understand exactly what you are saying.  Now, there are two rooms upstairs.  The beds are made. I’ll have Curtis make a cot for Kathryn in one of the guard towers,” Cora stood up and began clearing dishes.
“We’ll wash these,” Billy protested.
“No, dear.  I’ve been washing these dishes for a long time.  I do some of my best thinking with a washrag in my hand.  You boys get some sleep.”

The Dream of Ray Adair
Ray didn’t like to dream.  Usually, his dreams were disjointed and made no sense; but, this dream was different. 
He was sitting in a small circus side show tent.  There was a round table in front of his chair with a crystal ball in the middle.
Ray was sitting with his hands on the table.  Two hands.  He reached over with his right hand and gingerly touched the left arm that shouldn’t have been there.  It was so real.
A slender hand dropped a tarot card in front of him.  He looked up into the olive green eyes of a beautiful gypsy woman.  She was smiling at him and pointed at the card she had dropped.  The card was Death.
Ray looked at the gypsy, “Death?”
“Or change,” she whispered and pointed to Ray’s left.
Rebecca stood in the shadows.  A man stood behind her, but Ray could not see his face.  The man’s hands encircled the girl’s waist, each long finger tipped with a sharp black claw.  Rebecca held a Russian doll in her hands.
She stared into Ray’s eyes with fear as she removed the top of the wooden doll to reveal another doll within the first, then a third within the second.  “Help me,” she whispered.
Ray stood as the clawed hands scraped across Rebecca’s stomach, drawing blood through the white blouse.  Ray took a step toward her as the hands pulled her backward into the darkness.
“Rebecca,” Ray tried to scream, but it came out as a sigh.  He took a step toward the darkness.  The gypsy stepped in front of him and placed her index finger against his lips.  “Shh,” the woman whispered and pointed toward the crystal ball.
Ray looked toward the sphere as the gypsy tossed another tarot card onto the table: Swords.
Images boiled to the surface of the crystal ball.  He saw Billy walking into a church, a room full of vampires, a crying child, a monstrous demon, a clown, then darkness.  Ray felt the gypsy guide him back to his seat, and she knelt beside him.
“Please, I don’t want to see anymore,” Ray sobbed.
“Just one more card,” she whispered and dropped it onto the table:  the Lovers.
“Who?” Ray whispered as the gypsy stood and cradled his head in her slender arms.
Ray watched as the crystal ball began to roll across the table.  It seemed to linger on the edge for an eternity, then it shattered on the floor below.
Ray bolted upright in the bed, the shattering of the crystal ball still echoed in his head.  No, it wasn’t an echo, Ray thought.  Something had broken in the upstairs bedroom.  Fred’s bedroom.
Ray sighed and retrieved his pistol from under the pillow.  He flipped it open and stared at the five silver bullets inside.  Then he went upstairs to check on Fred.

Chapter 16
Kathryn was rolling two marbles in the palm of her hand.  One was so clear it could barely be seen except for the distortion of light it caused.  The other was blood red, and they clinked as they rubbed against each other.
Curtis’ head appeared from the trap door in the floor of the guard tower.  He tossed two blankets and pillows ahead of him onto the wooden floor, “I got you a blanket and pillow.”
Kathryn smirked, “Hmm, looks like enough bedding for two people.”
“Well, I thought I’d sleep on the other cot and keep you company,” the boy said hastily.
“Oh, I see,” Kathryn smiled.
The boy squinted through the darkness at Kathryn’s hand, “You playin’ marbles?”
Kathryn held up her hand.  The marbles continued to circle each other without her intervention, “These aren’t normal marbles.”
“What are they?” the boy whispered as he crept closer across the floor.
“Witch marbles.”
“What do they do?” he said mesmerized by the motion of the glass spheres in her outstretched palm.
“Anything I tell them to.”
“Can I see them?” Curtis reached out, but Kathryn closed her fist around them.
“Afraid not, they’re very dangerous.”
“But, they’re just marbles.”
Kathryn laughed, “Yeah, and a black widow is just a little spider, nightshade is just a little weed, and an iceberg is just a little frozen water.”  Kathryn thumped his nose with her index finger, “Dangerous things often come in small packages.”
Curtis flopped down on his cot.
Kathryn dropped the marbles into her jacket pocket, “And, don’t get fresh with me tonight, or I’ll slug ya.”
Curtis laughed and pulled the blanket over him.
Kathryn lay down on her cot as the trapdoor to the tower room opened.
Billy peered into the darkness, “Kathryn, we need to talk.”

Billy leaned against the porch rail of the farm house and looked out toward the gate.  He had been standing here for hours after telling Kathryn what Cora Latham had told them over supper.
The witch’s reaction had been the same as George’s, but her words were stronger.  
“Can’t sleep?” George asked behind him.  He stepped out the front door onto the porch.  In the corner, an old swing, designed to hold two people had been attached to the joists.  George sat down in it and began to rock.
“Haven’t tried,” Billy answered.
“Hell of a thing, her thinking God sent us like that,” George stared intently at the faded pattern of pink roses on a navy blue background covering the swing’s seat.
“Yeah.  You think she’s wrong?”
George looked up, “Billy, old buddy.  The only thing I can tell you with certainty in this world is that there is no God.”
Billy stared back into the yard, “You’re sure of that, huh?”
“Look around you.  The God I believed in wouldn’t allow things like this to happen.  Cora Latham is just a sad old woman with a touch of ESP like you have.  She saw a vision that we would pass through here and her mind manufactured the rest.”
“I suppose,” Billy said quietly.
“Well, you said it yourself.  We’re not heroes.  I mean, I want to kill the demons, sure.  But, that’s revenge, not courage.”
“All I want is to take care of Rebecca and Ray, get us away from this hell.  I’m an opportunist.”
George leaned back in the swing and clasped his hands behind his head, “And, Kathryn? Well, we both know what Kathryn is.”

The witch lay in the dark of the tower, looking up at the tin roof.  Across from her, she could hear the boy breathing steadily.  
The nerve of that old woman, Kathryn thought.  She had been unable to sleep since Billy had told her about Lawrence Latham and his congregation.  These people should be cleaning up their own messes.
She swung her legs off the cot and sat up.  “Valefar Felis Mira”, she whispered, calling up the spell that changed her eyes into things that more closely resembled the eyes of a house cat.  The pupils elongated and the room suddenly took on more detail.  She could see Curtis’ face now.  In sleep, the hard lines caused by having to grow up far too fast softened.  
He looks like a cherub, she thought.
Kathryn sat down on the floor beside his cot.  She gently brushed the hair away from his eyes.  “You poor kid,” she whispered.  
His eyes were darting back and forth, a good indication that he was dreaming.  Kathryn watched his mouth pull down into a frown, as he whimpered in the beginning of a nightmare.
She placed her index finger against his forehead and whispered, “No, no.  Somnis Tranquilis.”  In the boy’s mind, the nightmare dispersed and the frown disappeared from his face.
“First your father, then your grandfather, now your mother,” Kathryn whispered in the dark.

“We should leave before sun-up.  No need to impose on these people any more than we have,” George said from the swing.
“You know, they have a pretty good setup here if it wasn’t for the ghouls.  They’re being ignored by everything else,” Billy observed.
“Of course they’re being ignored, this is the middle of nowhere.”
“Must be hard for Cora, having lost so much and happy to see us show up here to kill her husband.”
“Yeah, she’s had it rough.  So’s the boy,” George said looking down at the floor.
Kathryn stepped out of the darkness and sat down on the porch, “Especially the boy.”
“Cora told me the youngest one of the group they’re holding is sixteen,” Billy said.
“That’s how old my daughter would be,” George whispered.
“We’re not heroes,” Kathryn said.
“No, we’re not,” Billy answered.
 
Lynchburg, Virginia
Ray stood for a moment outside Fred’s door.  He had stuck the pistol in the waistband of his boxer shorts, which were his only garment.  Everything had been silent after the initial crash.  He had looked in on Rebecca before ascending the stairs and had found her sleeping peacefully.  The sound had not woken her.
No sound came from the room beyond.  He reached out and twisted the knob slowly.  When the door began to swing open, he pulled out the pistol and held it in front of him.
In the dim light, Ray could make out the bed.  The chain, broken, lay in pieces on the white sheets.  Fred was nowhere to be seen.
Ray stepped through the door slowly, looked to his right at the dresser.  The backpack was gone.
He turned slowly to his left.  The werewolf was standing right beside him.
Ray brought the pistol around quickly, but Fred was faster.  The werewolf grasped the larger man’s wrist in a powerful left paw and the revolver tumbled to the floor.  Fred twisted Ray’s wrist, forcing him onto the oak floor boards.
The werewolf straddled Ray’s hips as he lay on the floor, his wrist still caught in the vice-like grip.
The beast stared down at the man for a moment, then lowered its jaws and closed them gently around Ray’s throat.
This is it, Ray thought.  I can’t believe I was this stupid.
Ray closed his eyes in anticipation of the bite that would soon come, but Fred did not close his jaws.
The werewolf began to tremble and moan. When the creature’s hips began to move, Ray opened his eyes.
“Listen up, asshole,” Ray growled.  “If you’re going to kill me, then kill me.  But, I’m not into guys or bestiality.”
Fred increased the pressure of his jaws on Ray’s throat.  The sharp teeth raked his skin, but did not draw blood.  The movement of the werewolf’s hips became more of a wanton grind.
Ray closed his fingers around the beast’s neck and pushed it away with all his strength.  The thick fur of the neck began to recede as Ray pushed.  The individual coarse strands seemed to retreat from his touch.  At the same time, the werewolf’s jaws began to shorten, the teeth becoming straighter, more even.
Abruptly, Fred sat up.  The werewolf’s crotch was now centered over Ray’s groin as it sat on him Indian style.
Eyes closed, Ray released his grip on Fred’s neck, dropped his hand lower to push on the now human chest above him.  His hand grasped a full breast, the turgid nipple pressed firmly into his palm.  Ray’s eyes snapped open.
Even in the dim light of the room, Ray could see that the woman who sat astride him was beautiful.  Her skin, tanned and flawless, was several shades lighter than his own.  The firm breasts were high on her chest despite their fullness.  Save for the hair on her head and her eyebrows, her body was hairless.
Ray realized that he was massaging her breast in his hand.  Immediately, he dropped his hands, “I’m… I’m sorry.”
The woman laughed, a warm bright sound that made Ray think about sunshine.  Her delicate hand closed on his and she held it to her lips.  She kissed it lightly, and then pressed his palm first to her left nipple, then to her right, her fingers encouraging him to massage her.
Ray caressed her, feeling the firm nipple grow firmer still.  The woman sighed, and pushed his hand to her side, sliding it down to her naked hip, then across to the point where their groins met.  She let go of his hand, and pushed her own hand under the waistband of his shorts.
As her hand closed around him, she lowered her upper body, pressing her breasts against his chest.  Her breath was sweet.  Ray looked into her olive green eyes as she released her grip on him and eased the shorts down.
Ray traced circles on the small of her back with his index finger, and she arched her back to meet his caress, “I take it your name isn’t Fred?”
She laughed, that sweet sound again, “No, my name is Saffron.”  She lowered her lips to his and their tongues entwined.
Ray closed his eyes as the kiss deepened.  He could still see her olive green eyes in his mind.  The eyes and face of the gypsy from his dream.
 

Bucksnort, Tennessee
George stood in the bedroom he had been given.  The Hechler and Koch submachine gun lay on the bed.  Beside it, George had arranged eight bullet magazines.  Each held one hundred rounds of nine millimeter bullets.  George stared at the clips, then began inserting them into pockets on his black vest.  Six clips went in the vest pockets, while he taped two of the magazines together overlapping end to end with duct tape.  He plugged one end of the magazine into the H&K with a click.  The second clip hung straight down.  When one magazine was empty, George would pull it out, turn it upside down and insert the other end.
“You don’t look natural with that gun, Reverend,” Cora said.  She had walked up behind him and stood in the doorway.
“I’m not a holy man anymore, Cora.”
“Whatever you are, I’m thankful for you.”
“How do you know we aren’t just going to go get in the car and leave?”
“Are you?” she asked smiling.
George sighed, “No, ma’am.”
“I have one more thing to ask of you, then.”
George turned to look at her.  In her hands, she held out a Bible, its leather cover battered and worn.  “What’s that for?”
“This community needs a church.  Our church has been desecrated.  After you’re done, you must bless the church and consecrate the grounds,” the woman said.
George sat down on the bed shaking his head, “Cora, you really have the wrong man now.  I don’t believe in God.”
Cora sat beside him on the bed, “I know you’ve been plagued.  I have too.  The whole world has been cursed.  The people living here need this.  They need you.”
“You don’t know what you’re asking of me,” George held his face in his hands.
“Yes, I do,” she whispered.  Cora stood, put her hand on his shoulder and walked out the door.
George sat on the bed staring at the floor for a while.  When he looked beside him, he found that Cora had left the Bible on the bed.

George walked onto the porch to find Kathryn and Billy waiting for him.  “You two ready?”
Kathryn thrust her hands into the pockets of the bomber jacket and looked out at the dim twilight of dawn, “This is really stupid.”
Billy slid one of the nine-millimeter Berettas into the mechanism hidden by the sleeve of the duster, “It’s Sunday morning… let’s go to church.”

The Bucksnort Baptist Church was less than a mile from the fortress at the end of a narrow dirt road.  The white clapboard building was bordered on three sides by steep hills.  Three figures crouched on top of the hill to the left of the church.
“You call that a plan?” Kathryn whispered.
“If you have a better idea, speak up,” Billy challenged.  Squatting on their haunches, the trio looked down at the empty church.
“No, but this is suicide.”
George dropped lower, “There they are.”
“Where?  I don’t see…” Kathryn whispered.
“Coming through the fog,” George answered.
Billy and Kathryn lay flat on the ground as the dark slouching figures began to emerge from the fog below.  At their lead stood a tall man dressed in black, a wide hat pulled over his eyes.  Behind him, the other ghouls emerged from the mist.
“I thought they would move slow,” Kathryn whispered.
“No, they’re quick,” Billy answered.  “And, they have excellent hearing.”
Kathryn mouthed the word ‘sorry’.
George was counting under his breath, “…64, 65, 66.”
“My God,” Billy whispered.  The captives had come into view.  Their hands were bound in front of them with loops of barbed wire, and a single strand of wire connected each captive to the one in front.  A ghoul held the very end and dragged the group forward.
“Why don’t we hit them now?” Kathryn asked.
“They’re too fast, we’d miss a few and it’d be all over,” Billy whispered.
Lawrence Latham stood by the open door of the church and greeted the monstrosities as they passed by into the pews.  When the last of the captives went inside, he went in and closed the door behind him.
“I counted sixty-seven ghouls plus Latham and eight captives.  This is going to be hard, Billy,” George said.
“I know, but it’s the only way,” Billy rose into a crouch.  “All right, we know from Cora that this is the layout of the church.”
Billy drew a rectangle in the dirt with a stick.  “It’s a standard church layout: two rows of pews on either side of a central aisle.  There’s a raised dais here at the far end with a pulpit in the center.  To the left of the pulpit, there’s seating for the choir.  To the right, there’s seating for the deacons.  Directly behind the deacons’ pew is a door that leads back to the church office and a bathroom.  There’s a back door in the office.  That one’s yours, George.”
“Thanks,” George said dryly.
“We did catch one break.  The church originally had a basement, but they filled it in because they couldn’t keep it from flooding when it rained.  So this is a two-dimensional problem.”
“Oh, that makes it much easier,” Kathryn said with a shake of her head.
Billy grinned, “You ever tried to take a multi-floored building?”
“No, I’ve never taken any building.”
“It’s harder.  Trust me.”
George screwed a silver cylinder onto the end of the H&K.
“What’s that?  A silencer?” Kathryn asked.
“Flash suppressor.  It acts as a silencer as well, but mainly it cuts down on the recoil,” George pulled back on the bolt of the submachine gun.  “I’m going to need it.”
“Have either of you ever defended against ghouls before?” Billy asked.
Kathryn and George shook their heads.
“Well, as you’ve seen, they’re not like zombies.  They’re fast.  Luckily, they’re also dumb.  Ghouls eat the dead, that’s how they feed.  If a ghoul bites you, he’s trying to infect you, not eat you.  If you’re bitten, you become a ghoul.  Simple.”
“Have you ever fought them?” George asked.
“Yeah, just once,” Billy answered.  “I was chasing a vampire through a graveyard.  We fell into a ghoul warren… as a matter of fact, we landed on top of two of them.”
“So what happened?”  Kathryn asked.
“They ate the vampire.  Ripped him to pieces right in front of me.”
“Vampires are pretty tough,” George whispered.
“Ghouls are tougher.  They don’t feel pain and they have no fear.  The reasoning part of their brain is completely gone, they’re all instinct… that is with the exception of the good reverend Latham down there.
“In any event, don’t aim between the eyes on a ghoul.  You’ll hit the higher part of the brain, which isn’t used anyway.  Aim for the mouth or throat, you’re more likely to strike the lower part of the brain stem.  The only other target is the heart, but they go down slow with a heart shot.”
George checked the duct tape holding the secondary magazine, “Got it.”
“Kathryn, this plan hinges on you.  Can you do it?”
“Don’t worry, I’ve got your back,” Kathryn smiled.

George walked slowly down the hill toward the back door of the church.  He held the H&K at eye level, panning it in an arc left to right and then right to left as he crept toward the door.  Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Kathryn and Billy making their way to the front of the church.  Billy’s hands were empty, and he walked like he was on his way to the corner store to pick up a loaf of bread.  This impressed George – the kid never seemed to panic, he was like ice.  The witch on the other hand, crouched low as her eyes darted left and right.  Soon, the side of the church blocked George’s view of the other two, and he concentrated on the back door.  There were no windows on the back of the church, just the single white door set in a frame at the top of two concrete steps.
George stood beside the door and listened intently.  He could hear a voice speaking, this must have been Latham he reasoned, but he heard no sounds coming from the room beyond the door.  He reached out and touched the knob.

On the front porch of the church, Billy and Kathryn stood by the brown double doors.  Kathryn was breathing heavily, and Billy looked at her with a frown.  Kathryn slowed her breathing and mouthed ‘sorry’ at him again.  He motioned for Kathryn to crouch beside the door.
He reached out with his right hand and touched the doorknob, closed his eyes and opened his mind to learn what was on the other side.  
Fear, he thought.  Not from the ghouls, he couldn’t sense them at all.  This was the emotion of the captives.  They were terrified, but silent.  He couldn’t sense the ghouls, their brain functions were too primitive.
Billy reached out with his mind and touched each of the captives minds.  One was Curtis’ mother, she was the least frightened of the group.  Most of her emotions were based on anger.  He focused on her and soon he could see an image of the room from her eyes.
The ghouls filled the pews on either side of the aisle.  She and the other captives, except for one, were seated in the deacons’ pew to the right of the pulpit.  The one remaining captive, a girl of sixteen lay on the altar below the pulpit.  She was dressed in a stained white dress, two sizes too small and the fear that Billy sensed was coming primarily from her.
Above her, behind the pulpit, the Reverend Lawrence Latham was preaching about baptism.  He was taller than he had looked from the crest of the hill.  He still wore the wide brimmed black hat, but through the woman’s eyes, Billy could see that it was stained with substances that Billy did not care to investigate.  The same could be said of the dusty black suit he wore.
Latham’s hands, pale and slimy, gripped the sides of the pulpit as he spoke.  A quarter of his face, the upper right from his bright green eye to the top of his head looked normal, but the rest was a grotesque bloated construction of white moist flesh.  It shined in the light from the low power wall sconces.  His left eye was a perfect ellipse of black liquid.  Black saliva dripped from his thin grey lips as he spoke to the congregation.  A bowl was balanced on the lectern before him to catch the black ichors as it fell.
The girl’s time was short.  Billy opened the doors wide and stepped inside.

At the same time, George opened the back door and stepped into the office.  He panned left and right, his finger light on the trigger.  The room was dusty, the floor covered with old church bulletins.  At the front of the room, a white door led into the church itself.  To the right was the door to the bathroom.
George closed the back door behind him.  He stepped cautiously toward the bathroom door, the sound of the floor boards creaking under his weight echoed against his eardrums.  He reached out with his left hand and turned the knob.

“I have come seeking sanctuary,” Billy called out as he entered the church.  He fixed his gaze directly on Latham and walked down the center of the aisle.  To his right, a male ghoul lept to his feet, but a glance from Latham caused it to sit back down.  
He is controlling them, Billy thought.
Latham’s moist voice rose from the pulpit, “Who is this man who comes seeking sanctuary?”
“A lowly sinner, reverend,” Billy answered, still walking toward the pulpit.  On both sides, the ghouls were becoming restless.  The stench in the room took Billy’s breath.
“As were we all, brother.  What brings you here to the church of the chosen?”
“Salvation, reverend.  Salvation,” Billy stopped now, six feet from the pulpit and the girl lying on the altar.  She looked at him with terrified eyes.  
George, Kathryn, the captives are in the deacons’ pew, Billy thought, pushing the words into the minds of his companions.
“Then salvation you shall have.  See here the blood of the new lamb!” Latham yelled, dipping his finger into the bowl of black ichor and allowing it to drip back in.  “I will baptize you after I have welcomed this sweet child into the embrace of the church.”

George opened the bathroom door to find an empty room.  The toilet had fallen through the rotten floor years before and the tank was visible through the hole.
Billy’s words echoed in his head, almost causing him to squeeze off a shot into the empty room.  He turned away from the ruined bathroom and walked back to the door that led to the church proper.  The doorknob was cold to his touch.

Kathryn crouched on the porch to the left of the double doors.  She could hear the conversation inside and knew that Billy was standing where he had planned, directly in front of Latham.
In her outstretched palm, the marbles – one clear, the other blood red, circled each other endlessly.  “Globus Mortis,” she cooed and the clear marble rolled to the end of her fingers.

“I would like to be baptized first, reverend,” Billy said.  He stared directly into Latham’s one green eye.
“No, no… the girl comes first,” Latham leaned over the podium and grinned at the girl.  Below, the girl tried to scream through the rag that had been crammed between her teeth.
“She’s frightened.  Perhaps if she sees me go first, willingly, she won’t be so terrified,” Billy said and then projected his thoughts to Kathryn and George, This is going south in a hurry guys, be ready.
“The fear doesn’t last.  When the spirit of the Lord moves in her, it’ll start to feel good,” Latham said as he pushed the podium to the side with more ease than his size and age should have allowed.  He dropped to his hands and knees and leaned out over the altar.  His voice became guttural, “Besides, I like it when they squirm!”  He lowered his head toward the girl.
Now!, Billy projected.  “Look at me, Latham!”
Inches above the girl, Lawrence Latham looked up at Billy and growled, “What?”
“Nothing.  I just needed a clear shot,” Billy said as his arms straightened and the nine millimeter pistols dropped into his hands.  He raised the pistol in his left hand, the laser dot appearing in the center of Latham’s throat.  The silence of the church was fractured by the report of the gun as the bullet penetrated above his adam’s apple and severed the lower half of his brain stem.  Latham’s body jerked backward and he landed flat of his back on the platform.
The captives in the deacons’ pew began to scream.

As Billy’s projected Now! echoed through his mind, George turned the doorknob – and it came off in his hand.  “Oh, shit!” he cried looking down at the rusted brown knob in his hand.
On the other side of the door, Billy’s nine millimeter barked.  George drew back his right leg and kicked the brown door off its hinges.  It landed with a thud behind the deacons’ pew.
George ran across the door to stand above and behind the now screaming captives.  He held the H&K at eye level and aimed into the pews directly in front of the captives.  The ghouls sitting there and in the pews on the other side of the aisle seemed to be in shock.  They stared at the spot where Latham had fallen, apparently waiting on him to get back up and tell them what to do.
George targeted the nearest ghouls and fired.  The entire front row of ghouls on George’s side of the aisle collapsed as the bullets ate into their faces and necks.  The captives screamed anew as the shell casings from the H&K fell into their laps.

Billy was on the move now.  He put himself between the front rows of ghouls and the still struggling girl lying on the altar.  The twin pistols in his left and right hands seemed to have taken on a life of their own and everywhere they pointed a ghoul was rocked backward by a bullet.  In his mind, Billy counted the shots remaining in each clip.

Kathryn stood in the open door frame as Billy and George opened fire from the front.  She held her right hand under her chin and appeared to be blowing a kiss toward the pews on the left side of the aisle.  “Globus Mortis”, she said and the clear marble took flight.  It passed across the threshold and began to grow like a gigantic soap bubble.
By the time it reached the first pew, the sphere was ten feet in diameter and growing even larger.  The outer edge of the sphere touched the first ghoul, a fat creature wearing the remains of a polyester suit - and passed around him.  The confused creature found itself inside the expanding ball.
When the edge of the sphere touched the floor, it flattened, conforming to the shape of the room - becoming a box.  More ghouls were absorbed by the growing prison until all the pews in the left side of the church - including over thirty ghouls - were inside.
The ghouls were panicking now as they found that entering the box was easy, but exiting it was impossible.  The polyester clothed ghoul lunged at Kathryn, slammed into the glass like substance and slid down leaving a trail of the black saliva.

As the sphere enclosed the ghouls on the left side of the church, George and Billy focused their fire on the right side of the church.  Billy counted zero rounds in both Berettas, and he dropped the empty pistols to the floor.  
The ghouls in the right pews from the middle to the back of the church had gotten over their previous hesitation and were leaping over their fallen comrades toward the captives and the two assassins.
Billy reached into his duster and pulled the other two Berettas from the crossed holsters at the small of his back.  The twin blasts caught two ghouls in mid-leap.  
Six feet to his left, George had emptied the first magazine for the H&K.  He pulled it out, flipped it over and slammed the second magazine home.  The gentle puffing noise of the H&K started again and four ghouls tumbled backward end over end.
“Globus Contractos”, Kathryn called.
Billy almost missed a shot as Kathryn’s crystal prison broke every law of physics by instantly contracting to its original size.  The thirty one ghouls trapped inside were crushed instantly into a marble sized blood red sphere.  The wooden pews had been left behind, unscratched.  
The magic marbles only ate flesh and blood.  The marble arced through the air back to Kathryn’s hand.  She smiled at Billy and winked.
Billy grinned in spite of himself and shook his head, firing three shots which downed the same number of ghouls.
The two marbles, now both blood red, circled each other in Kathryn’s palm.  She coaxed them together with the index finger of her left hand and the marbles rolled together, merged and became a single unit.  An instant later, a clear marble separated from the union and began to circle the single red one.
Kathryn staggered backward.  The fight or flight reaction of the ghouls nearest her had definitely swung in the direction of flight, and she was standing between them and the direction of their flight.
“Globus Mortis”, she screamed.  The newly born clear marble rocketed from her finger tips and engulfed the ghouls in the right side of the church.  The closest ghoul had been less than a foot from Kathryn.  It had been a woman once and now its slimy skin smeared the glass in front of Kathryn’s face.  The ghoul’s teeth snapped at her from behind the glass.
Kathryn looked into the woman’s blank shark eyes.  The witch leaned her head to the side, the ghoul behind the glass mirrored her motion. 
Kathryn leaned closer, “Globus Contractos.”
The ghoul and all her kin standing behind her became one shining red marble, which dropped into Kathryn’s hand.
George and Billy stopped firing.  There was nothing left to fire at, even the bodies of the dead ghouls in the right pews had been eaten by the marble.  
Billy shook his head in astonishment, “Jesus.”
Kathryn walked up the aisle toward him, her green eyes seemed to burn in the dim light, “Told you I could handle my part.”  Her voice was warm, seductive almost hypnotic as she stared at him.
She’s drunk on the power of it, Billy thought.  Magic was like a drug for her.
“Not just the magic,” she whispered as she stood in front of him.  In this state, she could read his mind as easily as he could read hers.  “It’s the blood, you see,” she held up the red marble.  “I am what I am.  Don’t forget that.”
George was untying the captives, “Billy.  Untie the kid, will you?”
Billy turned away from Kathryn’s smile and began to untie the girl on the altar.  Kathryn licked her lips, then walked around Billy and stepped onto the platform.
Billy pulled the rag from the captive girl’s mouth, and untied her hands.  She leapt from the altar, hugging him tight, “Thank you.  Oh, God, thank you.”
Billy stroked her hair, “It’s alright now.”
Kathryn was crouched over Latham’s body.  She looked into Billy’s eyes, “Waste not, want not.  Globus Mortis.”  The clear marble engulfed Latham’s corpse.
Still holding the girl, Billy asked, “I take it the marbles serve some other purpose than a corpse compactor?”
“Globus Contractos,” Kathryn whispered and Latham was crushed.  The marble dropped into her hand.  “Oh, yes.  I’ll show you sometime.”  She held up her palm to show one red marble and one clear marble.
The released captives were crying and embracing George, “Everything’s going to be okay.  We’re taking you home.”

George stood in front of the doors to the church, watching the former captives walk down the path that would lead them to the compound.  Billy and Kathryn emerged from the church behind him.
“Not a bad day’s work,” Kathryn commented.
Billy noticed that the tone of her voice had returned to normal, like a drunk who had sobered up, “Ready to go?”
“You two go on ahead.  I need a minute,” George said as he stepped back into the church.
Kathryn looked at Billy in confusion.
“Do you want us to wait, George?” Billy asked.
“No, you two go on.  I’m right behind you, I promise.”
Billy looked at Kathryn and shrugged.  They walked away toward the compound.
George walked to the podium.  The bowl which held Latham’s saliva was still balanced on the lectern.  George picked it up, walked to the door and flung it into the gloom.
His footsteps echoed in the empty room as he walked back to the podium and pushed the wooden structure back to its position behind the altar.  “I don’t believe in You,” George whispered.  “What have You done for me lately?”
He reached into the pocket of his vest and pulled out the battered Bible.  “But Cora wanted me to do this, and she’s a good woman.  They’re all good people.”
George faced the pulpit and waved the Bible in the sign of the cross, “I claim this house in Nominii Patris et Fillii et Spiritus Sancti.”  Silence greeted his words.
“What? No sign.  No burning bush.  Where are you?” George cried.
“Maybe you’re not listening.”
George spun on his heel to find Cora Latham standing in the doorway.  He turned back to the dais, “It’s done.”
“I heard.  I thank you for that, Father George,” the old woman said as she sat down heavily in a pew.
“Please don’t call me that.”
“What would you have me call you then?”
George sighed and walked to her.  He held the Bible out to her, “Here’s your Bible.”
“You’ll need it more than I.”
“No, I won’t,” George said and held it toward her again.
Cora looked up at him, “Then cast it away.”
George chortled, “Don’t tempt me, Cora.”
“Go ahead, if you can,” Cora stood emphasizing the challenge.  “You have free will.  God gave you that, but I don’t believe you know your own mind.  You tell me you don’t believe in God…”
“I don’t.”
“Yet, you stand here and curse Him.  Then you claim a church in His name.  You sure do waste a lot of time on something you don’t believe in.  So, go on, cast it aside.”
George looked at the floor.
Cora grasped his arm, “You can’t.  It’s not in you.  You don’t like God right now, no.  But you believe in Him.  Every time you bless water to make it holy, so it can be used as a weapon by Billy, you believe.  You know it the same way you know that if you were to touch the witch her skin would burn and blister… because you are a man of God.”
George looked at her, tears welling in his eyes.  He opened his mouth to speak, and then closed it - the words unsaid.
Cora released his arm, and George slipped the Bible into the pocket of his vest.  Cora watched after him as he walked out the door toward the compound.
 

Chapter 17
Rebecca sat at one of the bar tables.  She was engrossed in the thin Lynchburg Sunday paper, so she almost missed the black haired woman who passed behind her wearing nothing but one of Ray’s white shirts.  It could only have been one of her partner’s shirts because the left sleeve was missing.  The woman had cut open the stitch that closed the sleeve opening so that her left arm was unfettered.  She smiled and waved at Rebecca as she disappeared into the kitchen.
Rebecca dropped the paper to the table and looked at the kitchen door, her mouth hanging open in astonishment.
A moment later, Ray Adair came down the steps.  His face reddened as he saw the expression on Rebecca’s face, “I can explain.”
“There’s a naked woman in our kitchen,” Rebecca said pointing.
“I know, listen…”
“I know you know, she’s wearing your shirt,” Rebecca observed, then began to smile.  “Ray, in eight years this is the first time you ever brought a girl here.”
Ray’s brow furrowed, “Well, you act like you’re surprised I’m even interested in them.”
Rebecca laughed, “I don’t know.  I mean, you’re like a parent or something.  I never thought about it.”
“I’ve had several female acquaintances over the years, thank you very much.”
“Okay, okay.  I’ve never seen her before, she must not be from around here.”
“Umm, no she isn’t… but, you have seen her before,” Ray said as he leaned against the bar.
“I have?”
“She’s, umm, well she’s Fred.”
Rebecca’s eyes widened, “That’s Fred?”
“Her name is Saffron,” Ray said.
The kitchen door opened and Saffron appeared in the opening, “Ray, there’s no meat.”
“We keep it in the meat locker, not the refrigerator,” Ray said.  “Saffron, this is Rebecca.”
Saffron smiled, “I’m Saffron.  Ray and I are mated.  You are not to have sex with him.”  Still smiling, she turned and walked back into the kitchen.
Ray’s head slumped forward on his neck and he stared at the bar, his complexion turning darker by the second.
Rebecca’s mouth dropped open again, “I’ll keep that in mind.”
Ray looked up, an apology on his lips.
Rebecca whispered, “You’re mated?  Does that mean…”
“I don’t know what it means.”
“But, I mean you two had…”
“Well, of course we did…”
“And, now you’re…”
“Mates.  I think it means we’re engaged,” Ray whispered looking at the door.
“Uh, Ray, I think it means more than just engaged.  What are you going to do?”
“Have breakfast?”
“I mean, do you like her?”
“Of course I like her.  Except for the whole werewolf thing, she’s pretty amazing,” Ray smiled looking at the door.
“She’s beautiful,” Rebecca said with a smile.
Ray looked at her and returned the smile, “She is, isn’t she?”
“Found it,” Saffron called from the kitchen.
Ray laughed, “You know she scared the crap out of me last night.”
“I’ll bet.  She scared the crap out of me this morning.”
Ray looked at Rebecca, his eyes very serious, “Rebecca, in my entire life, I don’t think I’ve ever met anyone like her.”
“I’m happy for you,” Rebecca said.  Several moments passed with silence between the two of them as well as silence from the kitchen.  “Ray, you do think she’s cooking that meat, right?”
Ray stared at the kitchen door with a tight lipped grin, “Honestly, Rebecca, I don’t know.”
 
Bucksnort, Tennessee
Billy, Kathryn and George stood outside the open gates to the compound.  Inside the fence, Curtis Latham clung fiercely to his mother, tears flowing down their cheeks.  Throughout the compound, similar reunions were underway.
“We did a good thing,” Billy said quietly.
“Yeah, I guess we did,” Kathryn said, smiling at the boy and mother on the other side of the fence.
George only nodded.  He had been silent since returning from the church.
Cora Latham walked out and stood in front of Billy, “Can’t you stay for a while?”
Billy smiled down at the woman, “No, we’d better get moving.”
“God said you wouldn’t stay,” Cora said with a smile.  “He said you were pilgrims who would quickly seek the path again… or something like that.”  She reached up and hugged him to her.  Billy bent down and Cora whispered into his ear, “You trust in your mind and body; but, soon you must trust in your heart, Billy.  Promise me you will.”
Billy whispered back, “I don’t understand…”
She kissed his cheek, “Just you promise me.”
“I promise.”
Cora released him and wiped back a tear.  She turned to George.
Disbelieving, Billy saw that tears were welling in George’s eyes as Cora embraced him.
Cora whispered in his ear, “He hasn’t forsaken you.  I promise you.  Soon you’ll see.”
George kissed her forehead, then turned away and walked along the path which would lead him to the car.
Kathryn looked uncomfortable, “Well, I guess I’ll be going…”
Cora cut her off by hugging her tightly, “I’m so sorry.  It’s not fair to treat you the way I had to.”
Tears flowed from Kathryn’s eyes as she patted the shorter woman’s shoulders, “It’s okay, I understand.”
She whispered into Kathryn’s ear, “Beware of dreams.  That’s when he has the most power over you.”
Kathryn stepped back, “Who?”
Cora held a finger against Kathryn’s lips, “You know who he is.”  Cora smiled and walked toward the fence.
Billy and Kathryn turned to follow George up the hill.  
Behind them Cora had stopped, she looked up at the cloud covered sky.  “Listen ye and harken,” her voice called after them.  It was louder and stronger… seeming to come from someone much larger.
The three stopped their ascent and stared back at the old woman.  She was turned away from them.
The people of the compound could see Cora’s eyes.  They burned with a golden fire, only the three travelers could not see it.
Cora’s voice reverberated through the still air, “The forces of the demon Lucifuge Rofocale wait for you west of the great river, in a place called Oklahoma.  He has amassed many legions there, for he fears the witch as much as he needs her.  If you go to this place, you will die.”
Cora faltered, the glow gone from her eyes.  She turned and waved at the trio, as if oblivious to the words she had just said.
 
Lynchburg, Virginia
“So, where are you from?” Rebecca asked between forkfuls of bacon and scrambled eggs.
Saffron downed a last bite of bacon – she had eaten nearly half a pound and answered, “North.”
“Just North?”
Saffron laughed, “About two days on foot, between here and Charlottesville.”
Ray finished a bite of egg, “Do you live with your family?”
“No, I don’t remember them.  I can’t remember anything before I became, you know, what I am.”
“Do you live alone?” Ray asked.
“No, I live with the pack.”
Ray and Rebecca exchanged a confused glance over the breakfast table.
Saffron smiled at them, “Werewolves.”
“Oh, oh I see,” Rebecca quickly took a bite of egg.
Saffron laughed and pushed back from the table, “Honestly, the two of you act like you’re scared to death of me.”
“I’m sorry,” Rebecca said with a grin.  “We’re just not used…”
“…to having breakfast with a werewolf?” Saffron finished.  “Don’t worry about it.  Most normal people I meet are trying to kill me.  I’m a little nervous myself.  Listen, I’ll make a deal with you two.  I promise I won’t eat you, you promise not to throw any silver bullets my way, ‘kay?”
Ray laughed and looked at her with a look that Rebecca had never seen on his face before – he was truly in love with the woman.
“Deal,” Ray said.
Saffron rose from the table, “Rebecca, do you have any clothes that might fit me better than this?”  She pulled at the bottom of the shirt that hung just above her knees.
“Sure, look in my closet upstairs.  You can have anything you want,” Rebecca answered.
“Thanks,” Saffron said and promptly pulled Ray’s shirt over her head and handed it to Ray.  She stood naked in the warm kitchen, “I’ll be down in a minute.”
Rebecca’s mouth dropped open as she watched the naked woman walk out the kitchen door and into the empty bar.  “This is going to take some getting used to.”
Ray laughed, “I guess the ‘pack’ doesn’t have the same notions of propriety that we do.”
“I guess not.”
 
Memphis, Tennessee
“Wanna stop and see Graceland?” Kathryn asked from the backseat.  The three of them had spoken little since leaving Bucksnort, and now they were driving slowly along the empty lanes of Interstate 40.  Beyond them lay the Mississippi River.
“I think Graceland’s closed,” Billy answered.
“Elvis has definitely left the building,” George added.  “You’d think there would be some people left here.  It was a pretty big city.”
“Free hunt,” Kathryn whispered.  “The people who stayed put got wiped out by the predators.  Without prey, the predators left.  Only things left here are probably rats and ghouls.”
“I’ve had enough ghouls for one lifetime,” George said.
Billy slowed the car to a stop.  Ahead of them was the steel bridge that crossed the Mississippi.  Eight years of neglect had rusted the steel structure.  Its top was obscured by the low clouds.  Below, the brown water of the river churned around the supports.
“I never crossed the Mississippi before,” George said.  “I was always busy with my congregation, never had time to travel.”
“Every time I crossed it, I was in a plane.  It’s a lot more impressive at this level,” Kathryn said leaning between the front seats.
Billy turned and faced them, “We need to talk about what Cora said.”
“You mean about the legions waiting on us in Oklahoma?” George asked.
“Yeah.”
Kathryn asked, “Can we go around Oklahoma?”
Billy sighed, “It’ll be out of our way, but yes.”
“Well then, I vote we take the old lady’s advice,” Kathryn patted his shoulder.
“I agree with hellspawn on this one,” George chortled, drawing a glare from Kathryn.  “Question is, do we go north through Nebraska and Kansas, or south through Texas?”
“I have the answer to that one,” Kathryn announced.  “I did a little research before we left.  Most of the Northern Midwest is controlled by vampire clans, and they’re a little too chummy with the demons for my taste.  The south is controlled primarily by voodoo priests and witches.  I can get us by them.”
“All right, Texas it is.  When we get to Little Rock, we’ll cut West on Interstate 30 to Texarkana,” Billy said as he looked at the map.  “Then, we’ll catch Interstate 20 past Fort Worth, then finally Interstate 10.  That will take us all the way to Southern California.”
George laughed, “You make it sound so simple.  A lot of things are going to want to kill us between here and there.”
The Eldorado roared to life and picked up speed as they crossed the bridge.

Unseen in the girders high above the bridge, a pair of intense red eyes watched them pass.  He was about to take flight, when he stopped and froze on his steel perch.  Another car approached the bridge, too far back to be spotted by the occupants of the Eldorado.  A black SUV crawled along the bridge, passing beneath him.
Curious, he thought, and then with a flap of his great leathery wings, he soared straight up into the clouds.
 




Part Three: Arkansas

No more tears now; I will think about revenge. 
- Mary Queen of Scots


Lust is the craving for salt of a person who is dying of thirst. 
- Frederick Buechner


Sam Emerson: Guys, we're on our own. 
Edgar Frog: Good, just the way we like it.
- The Lost Boys

Chapter 18
They had parked the Eldorado outside the Gas-n-Go truck stop in Little Rock, Arkansas.  The passage through the city itself had been uneventful. It was as empty as Memphis, although, in the case of Little Rock, much of it appeared to have been burned.
The truck stop had taken them by surprise.  The sprawling parking lot and building were lit in the gloom by bright neon.  Flashing signs along the top of the one story building promised gas, cigarettes, alcohol, food, drugs and whores in bright letters six feet tall.  If the demon cloud had parted above them, Billy was sure that the structure would be visible from space.
By the pumps, huge tractor trailer rigs covered in armor plating and bristling with all manner of weapons drank down their diet of diesel fuel.  Everywhere there was the low rumble of idling engines.
“Why do you have to go, exactly?” Billy asked.  
“Because I’m the one paying the money remember?” Kathryn said with an impish grin.  “Besides, looks like my kind of place.  Coming along, Father George?”
George looked out the window, “I’ll watch the car.”
“You sure?  I’ll spring for a hooker for you if it will improve your disposition,” Kathryn laughed.
George looked at her, “It wouldn’t.”
“Knock it off, Kathryn,” Billy warned as he opened the Eldorado’s door and walked into the chill air.
Kathryn leapt from the back seat into the driver’s seat and then followed after Billy.  “Don’t wait up, padre,” Kathryn laughed as she licked her lips and slammed the car door.
She quickly caught up to Billy and hooked her arm in his, “Now, you leave the hookers alone.  You’re my date.”
“Kathryn, we need to get supplies and get out.  No sightseeing,” Billy warned.
“Oh, I’ll be an angel,” she laughed.
The double doors to the building opened and two truck drivers walked toward them.  The nearest one looked at Kathryn with a gap toothed grin which she returned with a wink.
“Jesus, Kathryn, would you stop?” Billy pulled her across the threshold.
“You know, you’re no fun.  Don’t you ever let your hair down, get crazy?”
“No.”
The inside of the building was a chaos of bodies, music and smoke.  Marijuana seemed to be the cigarette of choice.  The room was crowded with truck drivers and prostitutes in various stages of undress.
“Oh, my,” Kathryn whispered.  “Now this is my kind of freak show.  But, I’m definitely overdressed.”  Placing both hands on Billy’s shoulders, she pushed him back against the wall.
“What the hell are you doing?” Billy asked.
“Just watch,” she smiled and began to murmur Latin under her breath.  Her eyes stayed locked on Billy as her head began to sway to the rhythm of the hip hop song blaring from the stage.  Her eyes turned liquid black in the dim light and Billy gasped.
Her leather jacket seemed to melt into her skin, turning shiny black.  The cotton blouse under it evaporated, exposing her pale skin, which was pulled tight as the jacket became a bustier.  The legs of her beige pants began to melt together, turning into the same shiny black substance as the bustier.  The cuffs of the pants became the hem of a black skirt that slowly crawled up her calves, past her knees.
“Tell me when,” Kathryn said as she licked her lips.  The skirt hem crawled higher and higher on her thighs.
“When, when,” Billy hissed and it stopped just above mid-thigh.
She rose in the air as her brown shoes became black high heels, “Sure you don’t want it higher?”
“Kathryn, please…”
“Gotta pee, be back,” she announced and walked away across the room toward where signs above two doors announced ‘pointers’ and ‘sitters’ respectively.  Her hips swayed seductively as she walked.
Billy looked around the bar.  A group of truck drivers that had been behind Kathryn as she changed were staring awestruck after her.  A hooker lay sprawled on the floor in front of one of them.  Evidently, he had dropped her from his lap as he watched Kathryn’s transformation.
His heart racing, Billy sat down at an empty table.  How is she having this effect on me? Billy thought.  She was so alive, so vibrant.  Sometimes, like now, she just seemed to exude sex.  If he weren’t in love with Rebecca, he might have been tempted.  But he was.

In the ‘sitters’ room, Kathryn leaned against the wide sink and applied red lipstick.  She could have accomplished the same thing with magic, but she liked the taste of the lipstick on her lips.
She took a step back and looked at herself in the mirror.  Her brow furrowed as she studied herself.  “The skirt is short enough,” she said to her reflection.  “The problem is…” in the mirror, her legs began to thin and lengthen, exposing three inches more of thigh, “…the legs just needed to be longer.”
Now, six feet two inches, she wobbled a little on the heels, “Let’s see if you can ignore me now.”
“Fuck, I wish I could do that,” a girl’s voice came from behind her.
The owner of the voice was about eighteen.  Her thin body was encased in a tight, short red dress.  The backless dress had a high red collar and she wore red gloves that ran almost up to her shoulders.
Kathryn smiled, “I think you’re doing okay.”
The girl’s face was pale and gaunt.  She would never be considered pretty, “Oh, this dress.  It’s a necessity.  I’m Stacy, by the way.”
“Renee,” Kathryn lied.
The girl stepped beside her and looked at her own reflection, “I was pretty once.”
“You still are,” Kathryn smiled.
“Oh, no, not anymore, look,” she whispered.  Stacy’s glove encased hands went to the catch behind the red dress’ high collar.  With a snap, it opened and Stacy let the front of the dress fall.
The ruin of her breasts and abdomen were reflected in the mirror.  Kathryn gasped as she stared at the mass of scars that stretched from just above the girl’s navel to her throat.  Part of her left breast had been completely eaten away by what could only have been acid.
“My God,” Kathryn whispered.  “What happened?”
Stacy turned toward her and walked forward, pushing Kathryn farther into the corner.  The girl smiled, revealing long white fangs.  “This is what happens when a vampire is doused in holy water, you fucking slut.”
Kathryn opened her mouth to speak, but Stacy was quicker.  The girl jammed a stun gun into Kathryn’s midriff and the taller woman slumped forward into her arms.
Stacy dropped the unconscious woman to the floor, fixed her dress, and then lifted Kathryn onto her shoulder.  A small window at the rear of the bathroom opened and Stacy passed the limp body through it into her partner’s arms.

Billy sat at the table, waiting for Kathryn.  She had been in the restroom for a long time.  On the stage, two naked dancers were finishing their act.  The smaller woman lifted the larger into the air and sank long fangs into her thigh.  She turned and smiled at the crowd as they whistled and clapped.
“They’re hot,” a voice announced to his left.
Billy knew the voice instantly.  A flick of his wrist deposited the nine millimeter in his right hand, “Hello, Stacy.”
The vampire sat down in the seat opposite him.  “Put the gun away, or we’ll suck your bitch dry.”  She watched the dancers walk off the stage.  “Tell me, did that little vampire act make your tiny thing hard?”
Billy grinned tight lipped, “Stacy, I’ve got oak sawdust in these hollow points.  They’re pointed at your heart.  If you don’t tell me where Kathryn is in five seconds, I’m going to destroy you.”
“Don’t have her,” Stacy said.
“Where is she?”
“Kill me and you’ll never find out.  We’ll trade her for you,” Stacy smiled showing her fangs.
“You really want me?  Remember in Lynchburg, I messed you and Alfred Horowitz up pretty good.”
“Oh, I remember.  I’ll have the scars for eternity.”
“Cry me a river you leach.”
“Oh, no, you’re the one who’s going to cry.  I’ve got a sharp knife and a bottle of acid ready for you, lover.  I’m going to do things to you they don’t even have names for.”
“Stop it, you’re scaring me,” Billy smiled.
“We’ll trade you for the slut.  There’s a small building three miles west of here, just off route thirty.  It’s an old telephone office.  Be there in an hour, or I’ll bleed her dry,” she stood and backed away from the table smiling.
Under the table, Billy kept the nine millimeter pointed toward her chest.
Stacy turned and skipped through the front door into the parking lot.
Billy jumped to his feet and followed.  He pushed with his mind into the thoughts of the other patrons, making them step to either side of him as he dashed through the open doors into the chill air.  The parking lot was full of activity, but the vampire was gone, “Shit.”
George was asleep in the back seat of the Eldorado.  The sound of the driver’s side door opening roused him and he held the H&K level with Billy’s head, “God, Billy, don’t scare me like that!”
“We’ve got trouble,” Billy started the car.
“Where’s hellspawn?” George scratched his bald spot and placed the H&K on the floor beneath the backseat.
“That’s the trouble.  A vampire that I hunted down back in Virginia has abducted her.  They want to trade me for her,” Billy sped through the parking lot toward Interstate 30.
“Damn… guess that means we go home, huh?” George smiled.
Billy slammed on the brakes, causing George to slide off the backseat, “What the hell is wrong with you?”
George clambered back onto the seat, “If you think I’m going to risk my life for her…”
“You’re damned right I think you’re going to.  Jesus, how in the hell have you survived the last eight damned years?  You think you just leave friends to fend for themselves?”
“Friend?  You think she’s a friend of mine or yours?  She’s a witch, Billy!  She has motives for everything she does, and you can bet she would kill us in a heartbeat if it fit into the overall strategy.  Christ, you saw her in that church.  She practically orgasmed during that blood bath.”
“I’m not denying she’s got a dark side, George.  But, I think she’s trying to do the right thing.  Whatever it is she plans on doing in California, I… I feel like it’s the right thing for all of us,” Billy growled.
“How the hell would you know?  You’re thinking with the wrong head.”
“What the fuck is that supposed to mean?” Billy was leaning over the back seat now.
George didn’t retreat, “You want her is what it means.  You’ve lost your objectivity.”  George tapped his forehead, “Think!  Look at this from the outside for a second.  You’re trusting a woman who sold her soul to the Devil.”
“People make mistakes; but, they can change.”
George laughed, “You’re naïve, Billy.  My God, how can you have seen all the things you have and not know the truth?”
“What truth is that?”
“God is dead and most people are shit,” George hissed.
“You really believe that, don’t you?”
“You bet your ass I do.”
Billy flung open the driver’s side door and jumped out, “Get out of the car.”
“Hey, this is my car, asshole.”
“Get out of the car,” Billy repeated.
George flipped up the driver’s seat and stepped out onto the asphalt.  The lot was lit by a buzzing streetlight.  George threw his hands up in the air, “What!?”
Billy hit him with a right hook to the jaw and the big man crumpled to the ground.  “Ouch,” Billy cursed as he danced away shaking his bruised right hand.  George’s jaw was much harder than he had imagined.
On the asphalt, George got onto his hands and knees and shook his head to clear it.  Slowly, he rose to his feet.
Billy clenched his right fist again.
George stumbled toward him, shook his head.  Suddenly he straightened and landed a left jab in Billy’s stomach that doubled him over.  He followed it up with a right upper cut that flung Billy backward onto the hood of the car.  “Who the hell taught you to fight?  You never lead with your right.”
Billy slid off the hood and landed flat of his back, “Worked on you,” he spat.  Blood flowed from his lower lip.
“True,” George groaned leaning against the fender.  “What did you think this would accomplish?”
“I need your help to get Kathryn back.  If I win, you’re going to help me.”
George spat blood onto the asphalt, “Why would I do that?”
“You’re going to, that’s all that matters,” Billy answered.
“The fuck I…” George began.
Billy kicked him in the right shin, dropping him to his knees.  Billy kicked again, this time catching George just above the left eye.  The larger man went down hard.
Billy was on his feet, dancing away from where George lay sprawled.
George burst out laughing.
“What’s so funny?”
“I haven’t been in a fight like this since seminary,” George laughed even louder.
“Must have been a rough seminary,” Billy began to laugh as well.
“You know if old hellspawn was here, she’d probably have something witty to say about testosterone or male ego.”
“No.  She’d probably just like the blood,” Billy said and they both laughed harder.
“You really think she’s worth risking our lives for?”
“Hell, George, I don’t know.  But, we can’t just leave her.  No matter what you think of her, can you just walk away?”
“Not in this condition,” he said with a bloody smile.  “Okay, slugger.  Let’s go get her.”

“What do you mean there is a third?” the elder vampire asked Stacy.
“Some big guy.  He had a bald spot.  I’ve never seen him before,” Stacy answered.
“Barbatas never said anything about a third,” the elder whispered.  “Strange for a demon to be so imprecise.”
Behind them in the darkened telephone office, eight other vampires worked.  When they were finished, they stepped aside revealing Kathryn.  She stood in the middle of the room on her toes, her hands stretched high above her head.  Her wrists were tied together with rope over a pipe that ran the length of the room.  The witch was thankful that she had made herself three inches taller before Stacy had abducted her; if not, she would be hanging by her wrists rather than balancing on her toes.
She breathed loudly behind the gag that had been forced into her mouth.
The elder vampire stood in front of her.  He was tall and thin, at least four inches taller than Kathryn – and, like most vampires, his breath reeked of decay.  He ran a long fingernail up her bare midriff from the top of her left hip to the bottom of her ribs, causing Kathryn to gasp and writhe.  “Who else travels with you, pretty?”  He ran his tongue along her neck, tracing the carotid artery.
Kathryn was terrified that she would retch with the gag blocking her mouth, suffocating herself.
The elder smiled, “Of course, you can’t talk can you?  Maybe I should take off the gag?  No, perhaps not.  It wouldn’t do to have you whispering sweet nothings to me in Latin.”  He turned away.  “Stacy, go outside.  Try to ambush our mysterious third wheel should they separate.”
“But I wanted to be here when you killed him,” she whined.
“Don’t worry, we’ll save him for you…”

“I never thought I would say this, but this is even dumber than your last plan,” George mumbled through his swollen lower lip.
“Trust me,” Billy answered.  They had parked outside the telephone office.  It was a small brick building, thirty feet on a side.  It had no windows and only one strong steel door on a raised concrete porch.  A tangle of dead telephone wires ran into the building at the roof line.  Directly below the wires, a thick rusted steel pipe angled from the ground into the wall.  A giant black SUV was parked on the opposite side of the lot.
“You’re sure?”
“Positive,” Billy said.
“Okay, here goes,” George sighed and walked to the side of the building.

This is kinky, Kathryn thought.  But a little different than I had planned.
Around her, the vampires had grown quiet.  The elder sat on the floor with his head down, his back to her.  The door opened.
Billy stood silhouetted in the dim light from the parking lot.
“I see you found us,” the elder announced.
“It wasn’t hard,” Billy answered.
The other vampires lit candles at various points around the room.  
Billy counted them, eight.  The elder made nine.  Stacy was missing, but he recognized one of the eight, “Alfred Horowitz?”
Alfred the vampire glared at him.  He looked much the same as he had when Billy had decapitated him, except that his head was now attached to his neck with long steel staples.  Alfred held a small battery powered microphone box, the kind they used to give people with throat cancer, to his ruined throat.  His modulated voice filled the room, “Just kill him.  Do it now.”
“Patience, Alfred,” the elder comforted, rising from his place on the floor.
Billy smiled at Alfred, “I didn’t know you could staple it back like that.”
Alfred pleaded, “Please, just kill him.  He’s dangerous.”
“Calm down, Alfred,” the elder said.
“Yeah, don’t lose your head,” Billy chided.
The elder laughed out loud, “They told me you were witty.”
“I have my moments,” Billy said as he stepped closer.  He took off his duster and draped it loosely over a steel table to his left.  His arms were bare of any concealed weapons, the crossed holsters at his back were empty.  In his right hand, he held the grip of the four barreled shotgun.
If the elder took any notice, he didn’t show it.  He turned and looked at Kathryn.  “She looks natural like that, doesn’t she?  I believe she enjoys the bondage.”
You all right? Billy thought, projecting it toward the witch.
Do I look all right?  Why did you come here?  It’s a trap, Kathryn projected back.
In more ways than one, Billy silently replied.
“Now, now… if you have something to share with the class, you can say it out loud,” the elder said.  Around him, the other vampires began to laugh.
“You know who I am, who are you?” Billy asked.
“My name is unimportant, you will call me Master soon,” the elder smiled showing his fangs.
Billy shook his head and tightened his lips into a smile, “No, I don’t think so.”
The elder turned his attention back to Kathryn, “She is lovely.  I understand why Barbatas wants her so badly.  Now to a vampire, you see, she is desirable for a whole different reason.”  Standing behind her, he ran an index finger along her neck.
“You see?  Her pulse is strong,” the elder breathed.  “Healthy, sensual.”  He stood beside her, “But, the neck is a poor choice for feeding, she would be marked for eternity.  She’s far too beautiful for that, don’t you think?”
Billy stared at them.  Kathryn was trembling with every touch.
The elder grasped her upper thighs from behind and shoved them apart, causing her skirt hem to rise to her waist, “It is much better to feed from here,” he said as he ran an index finger along the inside of her upper thigh.  Kathryn cried out against the ball gag.  “You see her pulse here?  The femoral artery.  I could bite down and suck her dry in minutes.  Make her mine forever and leave only two small holes.”
Just hang on, Kathryn, Billy thought.  I have a plan.
This took Kathryn’s attention away from the molestation for a moment, but it was short lived.
“Demon lords, like Barbatas however… well, they only care about one thing,” the elder whispered and then roughly jammed his finger up into her crotch.
Kathryn screamed against the gag, kicking out with both feet.
Billy leveled the shotgun at the elder, “That’s enough!”
Around him, the vampires began to hiss.
The elder hugged Kathryn’s waist in his right arm, keeping his left index finger against her crotch, “Resistance.  A barrier.  That’s what Barbatas hungers for.  Who would ever have dreamed that such a seductive creature as this witch could still be a virgin?”
Tears ran down Kathryn’s cheeks as the elder released her and stepped away.  She hung by her wrists from the pipe, her legs too weak to hold her up.
Billy glared at the elder, “You know, I’ve never understood why vampires are so into sex.  I mean, your females are all dried up inside, and, correct me if I’m wrong, but male vampires can’t get it up, can they?”
“There are other ways…”
“The question was rhetorical.  Enough talk.  You wanted me here.  I’m here, now let her go,” Billy growled.
“That was the deal,” the elder said with a smile.  “But, well, we lied.  The witch goes to Barbatas, you go with us and, whoever your balding friend is outside, dies.”
George, careful you may have company, Billy projected.  “I have another idea.  You let Kathryn go and then she and I walk out the door, collect our friend, and leave.”
“And, why should I let you do that?” the elder said, the smile still on his lips.
“Because, otherwise, I’m going to destroy you all.”
The elder laughed, a humorless hollow sound, “With one shotgun?”
“Yes.”

Outside, George stood up from his kneeling position by the wall.  He had gotten the telepathic message from Billy and he turned slowly in an arc, scanning the woods beyond the building for any sign of movement.

Inside the building, the vampires laughed; but, Billy ignored them.  He was concentrating on Kathryn, who still wept as she dangled from the pipe.  Come on, Kathryn, pull it together.  It’s almost over now, I promise.
Kathryn regained her precarious footing on the tips of her toes.  But, how…
No matter what happens, trust me.

A vampire cannot turn into a bat.  Nor can it become a wolf or mist.  They can see themselves in a mirror and could, if they wished, consume a large quantity of garlic without ill effect.
A piece of wood piercing their heart can kill them, as can sunlight – which some attribute to the gaze of God.  And, a vampire can fly… which is what Stacy was doing.  She floated, her toes inches above the forest floor, gaining speed as she closed on George.  The man had his back turned to her as he scanned the field on the other side of the parking lot.

Billy turned sideways, his left side facing Kathryn.  His right hand kept the shotgun aimed squarely at the elder.  His left hand clutched the fabric of his discarded duster.  He smiled.
Alfred’s electronic voice called out over the laughter of the vampires, “Kill him!  Kill him!  You idiots, he’s going to do something!”
And, Billy did it.  He swung the shotgun away from the elder, toward the door.  Still smiling, he raised his hand, aiming the shotgun at the ceiling.  The vampires gazed as one at the point he aimed at.  The four barreled shotgun was pointed directly at the overhead pipe.  The same pipe that Kathryn dangled from: the sprinkler pipe.  The night exploded with the report of all four barrels firing simultaneously.  A huge gap appeared in the pipe where the twelve gauge slugs had struck.
The vampires stared mesmerized at the ruined pipe, but Billy was in motion.  He dropped the empty shotgun, grabbed the duster in both hands and leapt through the air.  The duster flew in front of him, and wrapped itself around Kathryn, who was now screaming again behind the gag.
Billy’s arms closed around Kathryn’s body.  He finished closing the duster around her and hugged her tightly against him.  “Hold on!”
Behind him, the pipe hissed, and then sputtered.
Arthur was right, the elder mused.  It was too late.
Water erupted from the ruined pipe, spraying the entire room.  Water from the pipe that stretched through the wall from the outside.  Water that a man who had once been known as Father George Leeds had blessed minutes ago.  The vampires began to scream.

George stopped looking at the empty field.  She was almost upon him, and he knew it.  Later, he would wonder at his calm as he turned to face her.  
She was less than six feet away, her red dress fluttering in the breeze, eyes blazing red.
George’s mouth opened and he began to speak, “In nomine Patris, et Filii, et Spiritus Sancti.”
Stacy stopped in mid flight, howling into the night air.  Her eyes had locked with the eyes of George Leeds, and now her eyes burned in their sockets.
“Pater noster, qui es in caelis,” George continued.
Stacy collapsed to her knees on the ground.  Her eyes now blackened husks.
“sanctificetur nomen tuum,” George dropped to his knees in front of her.
The vampire’s hands began to melt, and she wailed louder.
“Adveniat regnum tuum.  Fiat voluntas tua, sicut in caelo et in terra.”
Stacy’s forearms fell from her elbows and dissolved on the ground.
“Panem nostrum quotidianum da nobis hodie, et dimitte nobis debita nostra, sicut et nos dimittimus debitoribus nostris.”
“Misericordia!” Mercy! Stacy cried as she melted deeper into the ground.
“Et ne nos inducas in tentationem: sed libera nos a malo. Amen,” George leaned forward to look at her face as it began to dissolve.
“Veniae,” Forgiveness, she begged as she dissolved into nothing, leaving only the red dress and her shoes behind.
“Too late,” George whispered.

Inside, Billy loosened the ropes that held Kathryn.  Still wrapped in the duster, she collapsed into his arms.  He tucked the coat around her and carried her past the dead and dying vampires.  Taking care not to step under the still falling holy water from the broken pipe, he carried her out the door.
On the porch, he kicked the door shut behind him and sat down. Slowly, he unwrapped the witch.  She trembled as the night air touched her bare skin.  A single drop of water fell from the coat as he pulled it away.  The holy water ate into the end of her fingernail as it fell, dissolving the nail cleanly.  Kathryn held up her finger and stared at the round gouge.
“I am truly damned,” she whispered.
“Don’t say that,” Billy answered as he shook the remaining droplets free from the coat and handed it gingerly back to her.  He was still soaked.
She took it and wrapped it around herself, “What happened in there, with the elder vampire.  I don’t ever want to talk about it, okay?”
“Okay.”
Kathryn stood up, but would not look at him, “Thank you.  For everything.”
“You’re welcome.”
George was standing by the car, looking down at his feet.
“You okay?” Billy asked him as they approached the car.
Kathryn opened the door and climbed into the back seat.  She stared straight ahead with no expression.
George looked at her, “I’m fine.”
“Stacy?”
“Gone to meet her maker,” George whispered.

The three were silent as Billy drove West through the Arkansas night.  Kathryn had worked her magic on her clothing, causing the short black skirt to lengthen and divide.  She sat in the back, clothed in a dark grey sweatsuit.  She hugged the brown leather jacket that had been her bustier tight against herself.
Billy looked back in the rearview mirror occasionally.  
Finally, the witch favored him with a smile and thought to him, I’m okay… just give me some time.
Billy returned the smile and nodded.
George leaned against the glass of the passenger door, snoring lightly.

Lynchburg, Virginia
Under the thin sheet, Ray felt Saffron’s hand close around him.  She whispered in his ear, “Again?”
Ray groaned and pulled her closer, “You’re going to be the death of me.”
She giggled, and Ray loved the sound.
“Complaining?” she asked in the dark.
“Oh, no.  Never.”
“Good,” she whispered and began to kiss her way down his chest.
“Wait, wait, wait,” Ray laughed and pulled her up to face him.  He kissed her, his hand on the back of her neck.
She kissed back, hungrily.
“Mmm,” Ray said breaking the kiss.  “Talk first, sex later.”
“Aaaah!  Enough talk!”
“Hey, this is the first time you and I have been alone all day.  I have some questions to ask you…” Ray smiled and rolled her onto her back, pinning her to the bed with his greater weight.
“Ooo,” she grinned.  “Do you want to chain me to the bed again?” she asked with a twinkle in her eye.
Ray laughed, “You’re impossible!”
“All right.  Ask your questions, but then I want sex.”
Ray kissed her nose, “You’ve got a deal.  How long have you been a werewolf?”
“Eight years.  Now sex.”
“I’m not finished!”
She sighed out loud, “What?”
“What’s your last name?”
“I don’t know.”
“Is Saffron your real name?”
“I doubt it.  The pack named me.”
“You don’t remember anything before you changed?”
“No.  Look, it’s like this.  Werewolves go for the throat when we attack, it’s instinctive.  When you have your throat ripped out, which mine probably was, part of your brain dies from lack of blood.  Then, if the virus takes hold fast enough, it repairs your body.”
“Including your brain?”
“Yes, only it wipes the slate clean.  Memories can’t be repaired.”
“I’m sorry,” Ray whispered, kissing her tenderly.
“It’s okay.  I don’t remember any of it.  Can we fuck now?”
“In a minute…”
She growled - a sound that caused Ray to shiver even though he didn’t fear her.  “I could force you.”
“You said I could ask you questions.”
She rolled her eyes, “I wasn’t expecting an inquisition.”
Ray laughed, “No one expects an inquisition.”
“Huh?”
“Never mind, classical reference.  I have another question,” Ray rubbed her black hair from her eyes.  “Why me?”
She smiled, “I love you.”
“I know, I love you too.  But, why do you love me?  I’m older than you…”
“By ten years at most…”
“I’m not handsome…”
“You’re beautiful to me…”
“I’m not… complete…” Ray whispered.
Saffron reached up to the stub of his left arm.  Her index finger traced the scar where the surgeon had sewn him up.  “You are complete.  You saved me, cured me, fed me.  You saved Billy and Rebecca.  You are the best man I have ever known, Ray Adair.  You are brave, kind.  I am going to have your children… lots of them.”
Ray laughed, “Oh you are, huh?”
“I will be fertile in two weeks.  We are going to get pregnant then.”
“You have this all planned out, don’t you?” Ray smiled and shook his head.
“Not all of it, but most.”
“I love a woman with a plan,” Ray said as he kissed her deeply.
She broke the kiss, “Oh, and most importantly?”
“Yes?”
Her hand slid between their stomachs and grasped him, “It’s so thick I can’t get my hand all the way around it.”
“You are a wicked woman,” he laughed.

Part Four: Texas

Mephistopheles: Here to your service I will bind me;
Beck when you will, I will not pause or rest;
But in return when yonder you will find me,
Then likewise shall you be at my behest.
- Goethe, Faust

Cthulhu still lives, too, I suppose, again in that chasm of stone which has shielded him since the sun was young.
- H. P. Lovecraft, The Call of Cthulhu

We deal in lead, friend.
- Steve McQueen, The Magnificent Seven


Chapter 19
Kathryn watched the rolling hills of Dallas, Texas drift by.  The air had turned warm and dry, so they had lowered the Kevlar top of the Eldorado.  The dry wind whipped her red hair back, and she began to doze.
George had replaced Billy in the driver’s seat, allowing the younger man to sleep in the passenger side.  As they passed the empty streets of Fort Worth, Kathryn’s dozing turned to full sleep – the sleep turned into a dream.
In her dream, she sat in the backseat of the car.  Her sweat suit was gone, replaced by the short leather skirt and bustier from the night before.
Kathryn stared down at her bare legs, “Why did I put this on?”
“Because I prefer you in it,” a voice said to her left.
She turned to look at the man.  He was her age, tall and muscular.  His eyes were black, matching his hair.  The face was hard, angular, chiseled – the looks of a movie star.
“Do I know you?” Kathryn asked.
“Of course, you belong to me,” the man said, his voice smooth and low.
“I don’t belong to anyone,” Kathryn said shaking her head.
The man laid his hand on her left knee and began to massage up her thigh, “You gave yourself to me freely.  Don’t you remember?”
“Stop,” Kathryn breathed.
“I’m going to find you,” he said as his fingers slid under the skirt.  “Show me where you are, and I will send a legion to bring you home to me.”
Kathryn stared into his eyes, not comprehending.  Then suddenly it was clear, beyond the outside of the car, all was grey demon cloud.  All she had to do was open her eyes, look at a road sign, and he would be able to find her.
His fingers searched beneath the hem of the skirt and she screamed, “No!”
He clamped icy fingers around her thigh, and he leaned in close to her face.  His visage had changed, the chin became more pointed, the eyes more sinister, “Whore!  Tell me where you are, or I will tear you to pieces every day for eternity.”
Kathryn rocked forward in the seat, banging her head against the front seat headrest, jolting herself awake.  She held her eyes tightly closed until she felt the dream subside, the satanic presence gone.  “Stop the car!” she cried.
George immediately slammed on the brakes, sliding onto the shoulder, “What the hell?”
The car crunched to a stop in the gravel and Kathryn jumped out of the car.  She dropped to her hands and knees in the dead grass beyond the gravel and vomited into the ditch.
Billy sat up, looking around for a threat, nine millimeters panning left and right, “I’m awake, I’m awake.”
“Relax, hellspawn had to puke,” George said, rubbing his eyes.
Billy turned to see Kathryn, dressed in the skirt and bustier from before, retching into the grass.  Replacing the guns in their holders, he opened the door and walked to her side.  “Kathryn, are you okay?”
Kathryn dry heaved and rolled into a fetal position, “I’m a danger to us all.”
Billy knelt beside her, “What’s wrong?”
“I almost gave away our location,” her eyes stared at nothing.
“How?  To whom?” Billy asked.
“Satan,” she said.
 

Chapter 20
The simple metal structure that had been the University of Virginia High Energy Physics Building was gone.  The explosion of the three hydrogen cylinders eight years before had rendered it structurally unsound.  Barbatas had the ruins destroyed and had erected a new, grander structure in its place.
A pyramid of black stone now surrounded the abbreviated gateway to hell.  The structure was one hundred yards on a side and stood one hundred fifty feet high.  The pyramid had one entrance – a long hallway that led to a rebuilt control room and a cavernous room above it with a ceiling almost fifty feet high.  This was to be the chamber of the master.
Barbatas, in demon form, stood on the hillside overlooking the pyramid.  A pale, thin woman stood beside him – the first vampire he had created when he stepped through the gate to conquer this world.
“The news from the West is not good, Lord Barbatas,” the woman began.  Her red satin robe fluttered in the light breeze.
“They have failed?” Barbatas asked, half a question, half an observation.
“They have.  From what we can gather, they secured the witch; but, the bounty hunter was evidently able to affect a rescue.  All ten vampires were destroyed.”
“How were they destroyed?” Barbatas asked.
The woman sighed and looked down at her feet, “The most troubling part: they were soaked in holy water.”
Barbatas growled, “Impossible!  He would have needed gallons.  By our estimates, there are only ounces available on the entire planet.”
“The holy water was created at the location,” the vampire said calmly.
“You realize what this means?”
“Yes, it means there is a holy man with them… a priest of some sort.”
Barbatas shook his head, “I should be able to sense such a man.”  All demons had the power to detect the presence of priests.  This is how the demons had been able to track down and destroy them in the first days.  Faith drew them like moths to a flame.
“Apparently, this one is different.”
 
West of Dallas, Texas
Kathryn had changed her clothes back into the sweats, and she sat in the back seat.  George and Billy looked at her expectantly from the front seat.
She sighed and began, “I was there, the first night.  The night they came.  I was a member of a coven, just a bunch of kids really.  We were there in Charlottesville, in the building itself.  Barbatas himself marked us all; but my mark was special,” she lowered the front of her sweats showing three inches below her navel.  The top of an inverted pentagram was burned over her lower abdomen.  
She pulled the waistband back up.  “It took me a few years to figure out what it meant.  I thought they were just being kinky,” she laughed, a humorless hollow sound.  “Not many people can say they’re mentioned in the Bible…”
“And the woman was clothed round about with purple and scarlet, and gilt with gold, and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand, full of the abomination and filthiness of her fornication.  And, on her forehead a name was written: A mystery; Babylon the great, the mother of the fornications, and the abominations of the earth,” George recited.
Kathryn nodded, “Very good, Father George.  You must have paid attention in seminary.  I guess I get the mark on my forehead after my wedding night.”
Billy shook his head, “I don’t understand all of that.”
George laughed, “Nobody does, not even the subject herself… am I right, Kathryn?”
She nodded, “I know parts of it.  Satan, unlike Barbatas and Lucifuge cannot exist here – but his offspring can.  Barbatas wants to take me through the gateway to Hell where I will be impregnated by Satan.  Then, I come back here and our son, the ‘abomination’ the Bible refers to, will be born.  He’ll have all of Satan’s powers, and he will rule the Earth.”
“What about the dream?” Billy asked.
“Satan is reaching out with his mind through the opening to Hell.  He can invade my mind when I sleep, and if I were to open my eyes when I was in that state…”
George finished her sentence, “…he would be able to see the road through your eyes.  He could determine where we are.”
Billy nodded, “And, send a legion after us.  Got it.”
“You’ll need to be blindfolded while you sleep,” George suggested.
“Yes,” Kathryn said, producing a white scarf from the pocket of her jacket.  “I’ll do that.”  She unfolded the scarf which fluttered in the warm breeze.  It slipped from her grasp and flew into the field beyond the gutter.
“I’ll get it,” Billy said as he hopped out after it.
When he was far enough away, Kathryn smiled, “That worked well.  I need a favor, Father George.”
“I thought you might,” George looked into her green eyes.
“I’m not going through that gateway.  I’m not going to fulfill the prophecy, no matter what,” Kathryn said.
“If it comes down to it, I’ll do what has to be done,” George answered.
“Thank you.  I know you don’t like me very much, and, honestly, I don’t blame you.”  Kathryn smiled, “Maybe that’s why God put us together: so you’d make sure…”
Billy sat back down in the passenger seat and handed the scarf to Kathryn, “Here.”
 
Lynchburg, Virginia
Oh my God, Ray thought.  He stared at the door to the bar.
Barbatas, the second highest ranking demon on earth walked in, flanked on either side by two lesser demons.  His entourage stopped inside the door and glared at the startled patrons who began to file out between them.
Barbatas was in human form.  He appeared to be a man in his mid-forties, with jet black hair and eyes.  He wore an expensive grey silk suit.  He looked at Ray and smiled, his teeth perfectly white and even.
“Lord Barbatas!  To what do we owe this honor!” Ray yelled from behind the bar, smiling back.  He had spoken loud enough so that Rebecca and Saffron, who were busy in the small kitchen behind him would be alerted.  

Saffron froze, her hands washing mushrooms under the tap.  Rebecca opened a drawer and retrieved a heavy meat cleaver.
Saffron turned off the water and stared at the girl.  “What are you going to do with that?” she whispered.
“I don’t know.  It’s a weapon…” Rebecca said as she walked to the door and placed her right ear against the wood.
“He’d laugh at that and eat it, silly child,” Saffron chided as she dried her hands.
Rebecca sneered at her.

“Ray Adair, isn’t it?” Barbatas asked.
“That would be me.  What can I get for you, Lord Barbatas?”  Ray asked as he slid down the bar.  On the shelf under the bar, Ray’s .30 .30 lay fully loaded – he touched it lightly with his fingertips.
Barbatas laughed, “I’m afraid that I am prohibited such vices.  We do however encourage them in others.  Alcoholism, drug abuse, gluttony, fornication – all good for business.  Why don’t you have a drink, Mr. Adair?”
Ray laughed and leaned on the bar, taking care not to look into the demon’s eyes, lest he take it as a challenge, “No, no.  I’ve been on the wagon for quite some time.”

In the kitchen, Saffron could feel the stress in her mate’s voice.  She felt a shiver run through her – the beast begged to be set free to protect him.  She fought it back.  Against an archdemon, a werewolf was as useless as a meat cleaver or the .30 .30 that she knew Ray was positioning under the bar.

“Pity,” Barbatas observed.  “Actually, I’m here on business.  Do you know the whereabouts of your business partner, Mr. Murphy?”
“That bum!  He took off with the cash register money, and I haven’t seen him in two weeks.  Probably blown it on booze and whores,” Ray spat.

Saffron smiled, Good thinking, lover.
Rebecca smiled as well and shook her head.

“Really?  Well, when we capture him, I’ll make sure that you are compensated,” Barbatas said.
What have you gotten us into, Billy? Ray thought.  “Thank you.  After all I did for that little shit…”
Barbatas looked directly into Ray’s eyes, “He was last seen in the company of a powerful witch.  You wouldn’t know anything about her, would you?”
Ray shook his head, “No.  He kept to himself pretty much.  I didn’t know any of his friends.”
“He was reported to be in the company of another, a man...” Barbatas began then stopped.  His eyes scanned to the right, looking at the door behind Ray.  “Ray, tell me.  Is there someone in the kitchen?”
“No,” Ray said, his hand closing on the rifle.
“Are you sure?  I sense… something,” Barbatas smiled.  “No matter.”
Ray relaxed his grip on the rifle.
Barbatas continued to smile at the door.  He traced a finger idly on the wood of the bar.

Saffron’s skin began to crawl.  She could feel light touches over her body.  A spell, she thought and shook her head to clear it.
Rebecca could feel it as well, “What… is… that?”  She began to breathe hard.
“Relax, just shake your head and it will dissipate.  The spell he’s casting only works on virgins,” Saffron said as she crept closer to the door.
Rebecca moaned out loud.  Her left hand crept under the waist band of her jeans.
Saffron frowned as the girl began to masturbate.  “Oh, shit,” she whispered and grasped the girl’s wrist pulling it free.
Rebecca whimpered in protest and lunged toward the door.
Saffron stepped behind her and clamped a strong hand over the girl’s mouth.  She dragged the struggling girl back toward the sink.

In the bar, Barbatas continued to rub his finger on the wood as he spoke, “How did you lose the arm, Mr. Adair?”
“Bizarre racquetball incident,” Ray answered.
Barbatas laughed out loud, “A comedian.  A lost art in these days.”
“I have my moments.”

Rebecca bit down on Saffron’s left hand, but the taller woman did not flinch or cry out.  Instead, she hit Rebecca in the right temple with a quick right hook.

Barbatas reached out and grabbed the stump of Ray’s left arm with his free hand, “Strange how the loss of one appendage can make one feel like half a man.”
Pain seared through the stump and Ray winced, “I get by.”

Rebecca shook her head and looked down.  Saffron was holding onto the edge of the kitchen countertop as she struggled with the girl.  Rebecca smiled and swung down with the forgotten cleaver in her right hand.
Saffron gritted her teeth as four of her fingers tumbled into the sink.  Blood sprayed onto the countertop.  She let go of Rebecca’s mouth with her left hand, and spun her around to face her.  The girl’s tongue lolled out lewdly and she smiled.  
Saffron nodded her head forward in a flash, head butting the girl into unconsciousness.  Rebecca crumpled to the floor.
Saffron grabbed a hand towel and wrapped it around her maimed right hand.  The white terry cloth immediately turned bright crimson.  With her left hand, she grabbed a glass bowl.  She dropped her severed fingers into the bowl and held her wounded hand over it, catching the blood.  Saffron looked down at the sleeping girl and shook her head, “Virgin.”

Barbatas stopped rubbing the wood of the bar, “Well, I must be going.  If you hear from Mr. Murphy, you will contact me?”
“Certainly,” Ray said as he watched the demon walk out the door.  The lesser demons followed him out.  Ray waited until they were out of sight, then dashed to the door and locked it.
He ran into the kitchen and slid to a stop as he saw the carnage: Rebecca lay unconscious on the floor and Saffron was bleeding in crimson gushes into a bowl, “Sweet Jesus!  What happened?”
“Do you have any idea how dangerous it is to have a virgin around?” Saffron growled.
“What?”
Saffron rolled her eyes, “Demons are defilers, Ray.  They seek out the innocent and twist them.  Especially demons with allegiance to Asmodeus.  My God, how could you allow this?”
“Allow what?”
“Allow her to remain a virgin!  If you weren’t my mate, I’d have you take her virginity right here!”
“You’re hurt… Oh, Saffron!” he cried as he cradled her bleeding hand.
She pushed him away with her left hand, “Don’t change the subject!  Why hasn’t this Billy you keep talking about…”
“I don’t know, Saffron,” Ray said as he returned to examine her hand.  “This will have to be cauterized.  You could bleed to death…”
“No, Ray,” she held up her right hand and pulled off the towel.  Arterial blood painted the ceiling.  “Watch.”
And, she began to change.  Her jaws grew longer, her teeth pushing out.  She stared intently into Ray’s eyes as her eyes began to change color, becoming a pale yellow.  The bleeding stopped as coarse black hairs began to sprout and flourish along her arm.
Ray stumbled back against the wall.
She smiled at him and nodded toward her hand.  Lumps began to appear at her knuckles.  The lumps grew, became long and straight.  Four new fingers, each tipped with a gleaming black claw, had grown in a half minute.
The change stopped.  Saffron looked at Ray, the part of her that was still a woman and not the beast knew that he was terrified of her.  Sadness overwhelmed her as the claws changed, became fingernails.  The hairs disappeared back into her skin, the jaw and eyes returning to normal.  Tears welled in her eyes, “Please, don’t hate me for being what I am.”
Ray rushed to her caressing her right hand.  She leaned against him, “I don’t hate you.  It just takes a while to get used to, okay?”
Saffron nodded and hugged him.
Rebecca moved on the floor and groaned, “What hit me?”
“I did.  We have to get you deflowered,” Saffron said.
“Huh?” Rebecca said as she rose on her elbows.  She rubbed her bruised face.
“Never mind,” Ray laughed.  “I’ll take the bowl outside and clean…”
“No need,” Saffron said as she pulled her severed index finger from the bowl.  She peeled off the fingernail and dropped it into the sink.  She popped the finger into her mouth and crunched the bones.
Ray stared at her as she devoured the middle, ring and little fingers in the same manner.  He looked away when she drank down the blood in the bowl.  She wiped the blood from her lips with the dish towel and dropped it into the sink.  Saffron turned to see Ray and Rebecca staring at her in utter horror.  “What?  Oh, for crying out loud!  They were mine.  It’s just protein, fat, calcium and iron.  It takes a lot of energy to change like that.  What?”
 

Reykjavik, Iceland
While Billy, George and Kathryn crossed the vast plains of Texas and Saffron dined on her severed fingers, a small boy struggled through the deep snow a quarter world away.  The boy’s small, squat frame was smothered in a snow suit cocoon.  His breath rose in puffs from the dark recess of the snow suit’s hood.
In the days before the demons came, Iceland had been a place you might stop on your way someplace else.  After the demons came, there was little difference.  The island was free of ghouls and werewolves.  Occasional vampires were quickly dispatched by the human inhabitants, and the demon lords ignored it completely.
The boy puffed his way up the hill to the flat field beyond.  He had been picked for the task at hand because he was the smallest.  Everyone else was involved in some chore: cooking, cleaning, gathering fire wood.  The boy alone was available for this cold task – he promised himself that he would find a chore, any chore, for tomorrow.
He stood by the snow covered field.  “Afi!” he called in Icelandic.
Near the middle of the field, his ‘Afi’, his grandfather in English, looked up from the metal lantern he had been working on.  “What?”
“Grandmother says to come home,” the boy said as he walked out to join the crazy old man.  Each day when the gloom lightened, the old man would walk up to this long forgotten field and work on the parallel rows of lanterns.  The lines of the old runway stretched almost a half mile along the plateau.
“And, what else did Grandmother say?”
“She said: that old fool will catch his death.  And then she said: thank God none of my children inherited his cracked mind.”
The old man laughed, a warm sound in the frigid air, “And, what do you say, Petur Richter?”
“I say I don’t know why my grandfather stands out here and prepares a landing strip when there are no planes,” the boy said.
The old man smiled and whispered conspiratorially, “Then I will tell you why, Petur.  When I was a boy, no older than you, my father and I would come here and fuel the planes…”
“I know, during World War II, you’ve told me,” the boy said rolling his eyes.
“The Amerikani came in their planes, and some of them would stop here for fuel.  They were on their way to save the world and that is just what they did…”
“But, grandfather, that was seventy years ago…”
The old man sighed, “Yes, Petur, but you see God tells me they are coming back…”
 

Chapter 21
Texas is too damned big, Billy mused.  The fragrant bouquet of high octane wafted up from the gas pipe of the Caddy as he filled the tank.  They had driven through the night and into this, the following day.  During that time, they had seen nothing except for flat plains, scrub brush and the occasional billboard announcing things that no longer existed.  That is until they ran into this truck stop on the east side of Midland, Texas.
Haine’s Sword Truck Stop was the older brother of the truck stop in Arkansas.  Unlike its sibling sprawling across swamp land, the ground this establishment rested on was a small hill in the middle of a prairie field.  
It was better protected as well:  a high fence surrounded the truck stop on all six sides, forming a hexagon of razor wire almost a mile across.  Tall towers stood at each point of the hexagon, topped with .50 caliber machine gun emplacements.  Two men stood in each tower, one manning the gun while the other acted as look out.  A second high hexagonal fence was inset a quarter mile in from the first, enclosing a restaurant and motel.
They had been admitted through the gate of the first fence to the gas pumps with little molestation.  A grim faced security guard dressed in camouflage had eyed them for a moment and then waved them through when they arrived.  In the distance, Billy could see the entrance to the inner fence.  The guards there seemed to be taking more of an interest in those that passed through.
George emerged from the gas station and sat down on the back fender, “Not good.”
The pump clicked off as the tank filled and Billy hung it back on the pump, “No food in there?”
“Oh, yeah.  Jerky of, shall we say, very questionable origin and bottled water – that too being questionable in origin,” George said with a smile.
Billy grimaced.  Their rations were becoming thin and they could all use a hot meal.  He looked off toward the promising lights of the guarded restaurant.
“What do you think?” George asked as he too stared at the object of Billy’s gaze.
The younger man sighed, “Given the fact that we’re being stalked, I’m not much for hanging around in one place for too long.”
“True.  However, we are hungry and on the edge of physical as well as mental exhaustion.  Man does not live by jerky alone,” he said with a smile.
Billy grinned back, “A little profane for a priest…”
“Ex-priest.  And, if they can’t take a joke… fuck ‘em.”
Billy laughed out loud and shook his head.  He was tired – they all were.  And, hell, they should have been.  They’d cleared the church in Bucksnort, destroyed the vampire… what the hell did you call a group of vampires anyway?  A coven?  A flock?  A pack?  They’d been through enough.  All three of them could use a hot meal and maybe even a night’s sleep in a motel bed.  “All right.”
George jumped off the back fender and let out a whoop.  He rapped on the back window of the caddy with his fist, “Wake up, Hellspawn.  Even the Mother of Harlots has to eat sometime!”
Five minutes later, the three stood at the inner gate to the truckstop.  By the gate, a sign announced in bright red letters: Haine’s Sword Restaurant and Motor Lodge.  Below it, a cardboard sign had been stapled:

			No Demons
			No Vampires
			No Zombies
			No Ghouls
			No Werewolves
			No Dark Witches

And, below this, another sign had been stapled:
	
			No Tree Hugging Hippies
			No Vegetarians
			No Left Wing Commies
			No Gun Control Advocates
			No Lawyers

“Okay, guys, I’ll wait in the car,” Kathryn said and turned to walk back to the caddy.  She was getting used to discrimination.
Billy grasped her elbow and slowly guided her back to face the guarded entrance, “I don’t think you qualify as a dark witch anymore.”
“I am a left wing commie though,” she smiled.  It had been awhile since she had done that and Billy was surprised to find that he had missed it.  He would have been even more surprised to know that George had missed it as well.
George smirked, “I should have known.  Democrat or Green Party?”
“Democrat,” she said returning the smirk.
“If you are young and you are not a liberal, you have no heart.  If you are mature and you are not a conservative, you have no brain.  Paraphrasing Winston Churchill,” George said dryly.
“It was your military/scientific establishment that got us into this mess to begin with.  The demons would still be slow roasting in hell if it wasn’t for the fucking government black projects,” Kathryn complained.
George looked at Billy with a “Can you believe this?” look.  “Excuse me, but this whole thing started with a woman chowing down on an apple at the beginning of time…”
“Oh, here we go.  Just like everybody else in the church – somewhere along the line there’s always a woman to blame,” she growled, fists planted firmly on her narrow hips.
Back to normal, Billy thought.  “Quiet.  Both of you.  Jesus, I’m ashamed to be seen with either of you.”
Kathryn looked at Billy and pointed at George, He started it.
Billy had reached the gate in the inner fence.  A guard stood on either side, automatic rifles at the ready.  A man who could have been any age from fifty to one hundred sat on an old frayed web patio chair in the middle of the gate opening.
He wore a faded red pancho.  Keen brown eyes stared out through a dried apple face.  The man was native American, Billy thought.  Navajo maybe, or Apache…
Comanche, the old man thought to him and smiled a mostly toothless grin.  He had injected his thoughts so easily into Billy’s mind that the younger man took a step backward.  I don’t bite, kid.
Is this how you screen people?  Billy sent, then immediately added: That was a dumb question…
The old man laughed and nodded, “This one’s okay.  He’s just a little slow.”
Billy stepped through the gate and stood beside the old man.  He had never met anyone with power this much like his own.
Kathryn stepped up, palms beginning to sweat as she sensed the old man’s power.
The old man squinted with effort, and then projected to Billy, Powerful witch… she your woman?
No, just a friend, Billy thought back.
Oh… well, she thinks she’s your woman, the old man confided.
“Huh?” Billy asked out loud.
“You are slow,” the old man cackled.  Normally, I wouldn’t let a witch this powerful in.  Is she going to cause trouble?
No, definitely not.  She’s a good witch, Billy thought and felt absolutely stupid when the words slipped out of his mind.
Oh, just like Glenda.  I love that movie…  except those damned flying monkeys,  he answered.  “She can pass.”
Kathryn looked at Billy in confusion as she walked by.  Did he just…?
“Yeah, you just had your brains sucked out by an expert.  The man’s an artist,” Billy laughed.
Kid, you’re so full of shit you squeak, the old man observed which drew another laugh from Billy.
“God, I hate telepaths,” Kathryn sighed.
George took a step forward and the old man frowned, Who the fuck is he?
What do you mean?  Billy asked.
He’s invisible, the man answered and Billy could feel a shiver run through the man’s body.  Haven’t you ever been in his mind?
No.  What do you mean he’s invisible?  Billy was beginning to feel uneasy about this.
He’s invisible to my mind.  If I couldn’t see him and hear him, I wouldn’t know he was there.  Damned weird.  Whenever I try to see in his mind, I feel like I’m standing on the edge of a cliff and it’s a long way down.  Like I might fall over the edge and just keep right on falling forever.  
“Something wrong?”  George asked.  He was staring intently at the old man, but the old man was staring intently at his own feet.
“He can pass if you vouch for him, kid,” the old man whispered.
“I do,” Billy said.  And, for the first time he reached out with his own mind.  George Leeds was indeed invisible to him.
Come back later tonight, we’ll talk, the old man thought.
	
 
Lynchburg, VA
Shortly after midnight, she had been awakened by the sound.  Now, she crouched naked at the foot of the bed she shared with her mate.  Behind her, under the thin sheet she could hear the steady rise and fall of his breathing.
He had not heard the sound, could not have.  Humans had evolved, and during those millennia nature decided that hearing was secondary to eyesight.  Not so for the wolf.  For Saffron, hearing was second to smell.  Her sight, although keen was a distant third.
She closed her eyes in the darkness and listened.  She could hear a man breathing on the street below.  Occasionally, he drew cigarette smoke deep into his lungs.  She could smell it on the air.  Ray would not have been able to smell it, but to her it was an acrid stench.  Grimacing, Saffron drew in the smells.
She smiled in the darkness.  The man who watched from the street corner had already signed his death warrant.  Saffron could smell the beginnings of a Squamous Cell Carcinoma.  She couldn’t tell which lung it was in, but…
She stopped, bewildered for a moment.  How did she know that?  How could she know the types of lung cancer?  It made no sense to her, but the words swam in front of her mind: Adenocarcinoma, Large and Giant Cell Carcinoma, Small Cell Carcinoma and Squamous.  The last accounting for a third of the lung cancers diagnosed and directly linked to smoking…
Saffron winced and shook her head to clear it.  She hated the man on the corner, he of the unfiltered Camels, he of the spear tipped in silver iodide.  And, she knew that he hated her.  Or, rather, hated the werewolf within her: he had never met Saffron in the form she was now.
He hated Ray and the girl two doors away, the girl with the troublesome hymen.  Unfortunately for street corner man, Saffron considered him a threat to her mate and her mate’s adopted daughter (Ray treated her as such and so would she).  He was a danger to her family, her pack.  Saffron knew how to deal with dangers to her pack… knew well how to.
Outside, street corner man crushed out his cigarette and walked away into the darkness.  Saffron crawled up the bed, light sweat clinging to her body.  Beneath the sheet, Ray scratched idly at the stump of his left arm.  She leaned close, breathing in the aroma of his breath and licked his dry lips.  He grunted in his sleep and turned away.
Saffron smiled and slid from their bed.  Reaching to the floor, she pulled her jeans over her narrow hips and buttoned them.  After pulling the plain white tee shirt over her head and sliding into her tennis shoes, she blew a kiss at her sleeping mate and slipped away into the night.  
 
Midland, Texas
When Billy saw the tarantula staring at him with its eight tiny eyes from the top of the motel room’s wall mounted air conditioner, he almost killed it.  If he had killed it, everything that came after would have been different.  But he didn’t, so things went the way they did.  Some people died, other people lived and everyone changed either for the better or worse because Billy Murphy fought against his better judgment and trapped the spider under an inverted water glass rather than squashing it flat.

In the bathroom of the suite next door, Kathryn stood in the hot shower preparing to cast a spell, blissfully unaware that Billy had altered the future because he had never seen a tarantula and was fascinated by it.
Kathryn had been waiting a long time to cast this spell.  The preparation had taken years.  This was a permanent spell which would give her a remarkable power for the rest of her life.  The power was a gift, not for herself but for someone else.  With it, she could make Billy love her the way she had grown to love him.
Kathryn had been in love before, many times, both before and after being marked with the pentagram.  But every time she had loved, something had happened to keep the relationship from being… complete.
When faced with the prospect of sleeping with her, men had either started some argument resulting in her tossing them out of her apartment, or, worse yet, they would suddenly and inexplicably find themselves impotent.  Apologies would ensue: Christ, that’s never happened to me before, or, her personal favorite: Geez, sugartits, ol’ blue just don’t seem to want to hunt ‘round your bush.  This last was from a redneck she had met in a Mississippi bar before the demons came.  She had been too drunk to turn him down, but, unfortunately not drunk enough to forget that one line of hick prose that had stuck with her all these years.
Standing under the hot, steaming shower she hoped that Billy would not turn her down and that his version of ol’ blue would indeed be willing to hunt.  And, at this, she sighed.  She loved Billy, of that she was sure.  At least, she loved him enough – certainly more than any other man she had ever met.  He had a goodness about him, something she couldn’t quite place.  And, she wanted him.
But mostly, she needed him.  She desperately needed to not be a virgin anymore.  Things would be very different if she wasn’t.
Kathryn raised her closed palm and opened it in front of her eyes.  The red witch marble quivered in her wet palm.  She reached down with her right hand and turned the lever clockwise, stopping the hiss of water from the shower.  She raised the marble above her head and looked up at it.  “Morph,” she whispered and red liquid began to leak from the marble.
The blood covered her palm and then crept over her fingers, enveloping her hand like a crimson glove.  Soon the blood crept over her forearm to her elbow and beyond.  Later, as it covered her face and filled her eyes, she opened her mouth and let it coat her tongue.

In the courtyard below, the old man sat in the dark by the dry swimming pool.  He had pulled two lounge chairs so that they sat side by side with a cooler of unopened Budweisers between them.  He sat in one chair, the other was empty, and talked to a spiritual trinity – the man, the dog and the beautiful ghost. 
 
Lynchburg, VA
Even in Lynchburg, it was a night for changing destinies.  If Saffron had been content to allow cancer to take care of the man who had stood on the street corner and planned the death of Ray Adair (a plan only - he was intellectually far too dim to carry out his own grandiose plan, which in any event would have been forgotten by the next morning), things would have been different.  But, she was not content with a slow lingering death for her nemesis.  She had tracked his sickly aroma across the darkened, sleeping streets of Lynchburg.  Passing vampires gave her a wide berth, sensing the danger in her.  The few humans out at this hour: drug dealers, prostitutes, and people who traded their blood to law abiding vampires (what the vampires termed “blood whores”) ignored her completely.
At 3:30 in the morning, Saffron stood outside the one bedroom house on the seedier side of town occupied by her nemesis.  She didn’t care what his name was, only that he was a danger.  By 3:45, she had sealed the fate of her own trinity: the father, the daughter, and the prodigal werewolf.
It was 3:31 when she knocked at the door.  The nemesis opened the door wearing only pee stained white boxers and chain smoking his last Camel.  “Hi,” he said, drawing out the vowel sound as he took in the sight of her.  Mainly he took in the sight of her nipples straining against the thin fabric of her tee shirt.
Saffron licked her lips before she spoke, which caused a visible stirring of something within the previously mentioned boxers, “I live down the street.”
“Really?” I’m dreaming, the nemesis thought.  Women as a rule never showed up on his doorstep at 3:30 in the morning.  As a matter of fact, most women ignored him regardless of the hour.

“Yeah, I think you’re hot.  Can I come in?” Saffron breathed.  Men are easy, she thought.
The nemesis in stained boxers now slightly too small, invited her in.  A few minutes later, he ceased being a nemesis and became food.  She stuffed the leftovers into three garbage bags, exited the house and deposited the three bags in the bar freezer for later.  She never got to eat them.
 
Midland, Texas
At the same time, Kathryn prepared to eliminate a nemesis of her own.  Billy opened the door of his room at the second knock.  “Hi, can we talk?” she asked.  She was wearing a thick white cotton robe.
“It’s… late…” he stammered looking at her.  What was she up to now?
She stepped forward through the door and shut it behind her, but not before Billy got a glimpse of the old Comanche sitting in a lounge chair beside the dry pool.  The old man seemed to be talking to himself.

At this point, we must shift our attention to the third occupant of young Billy Murphy’s room, because it is his perception of the scene that matters most.  He watches the events that unfold through eight tiny, yet sharp, eyes.  The room is slightly distorted by the glass that imprisons him, but his view is excellent nonetheless.  He feels the vibrations of their voices, and, although he cannot comprehend the meaning of their words, he listens.

“I wanted to apologize to you for the way I acted at the strip club in Arkansas,” Kathryn said as she stood in front of Billy.  
He sat down on the edge of the bed in a tee shirt and jeans and looked up at her, “There’s no need…”
“Yes, there is.  I’ve never been good at telling people how I feel.  That show in the strip club was my clumsy attempt at telling you that I’m in love with you,” there she had said it and the weight slid from her shoulders.
Billy sat on the edge of the bed, speechless.  The old man was right, she thinks we’re…
“Now, would be the point at which you say something to boost my confidence,” Kathryn laughed.  “Because, I’m really feeling vulnerable right now and that look that you have on your face…”
Billy shook his head, “I’m sorry.  You’ve just… you’ve taken me by surprise…”

No denial, Kathryn thought.  No pick me up and spin me around the room in happiness either, but no denial.  “So, what do you think?”
“I… I don’t…”
Panic gripped her and in typical fashion for her, she overcompensated and destinies changed.  Kathryn untied the belt, shrugged free and let the robe fall to the floor.  Her hands immediately fell below her navel to cover herself.

Not to cover her sex, Billy noticed dry mouthed, but to cover the inverted brand of the pentagram.  She was beautiful, breathtaking and before his eyes she changed.  Her skin darkened to an olive shade, the hair turned black, the eyes taking on a feline quality.  “I can be anyone you desire, Billy.  A different woman each time you take me to bed, if it pleases you,” now suddenly she changed again, becoming a platinum blonde.  “I’ll give you anything you want, just say that you love me and then prove it.”  The changes came at a rapid pace now: one instant she was tall, the next short.  Now African American, now Asian, hair in every shade of every color.
Only her voice remained the same, “Just show me what you would love, and I’ll be that woman.”  She reached into his mind with her limited ability and plucked an image from his mind.  Here was his ideal, here was his love.  And, she became that image.
Billy gasped and fell back on the bed, “Change back, Kathryn.”
Kathryn turned slowly and looked at herself in the mirror above the cheap dresser.  A pretty blonde of medium height with green eyes stared back at her.  The face was familiar.  She had seen this woman before.  The face in the mirror looked confused for a moment and then understanding.  Comprehension.  The woman in the mirror was the bar girl from Lynchburg, Billy’s business partner.  Rebecca’s eyes stared back at her.  “Oh… Oh, God, I didn’t realize…”
“Change back,” Billy pleaded from the bed.  To see Rebecca and not be able to tell her how he felt was too much to bear.
Kathryn suddenly became herself again and scrambled for the robe, “Oh, I’m sorry.  I didn’t know… you never said.”  She ran from the room, her nemesis still looming over her.
From inside the glass prison, the spider saw all and remembered.

Ten minutes later, Billy stepped out into the warm night air.  He was on his way to comfort her, try to explain…
“Hey, kid.  You want a beer?” the old Comanche man asked from his lounge chair.  Bats snatched moths from around the buzzing lights above him.
Billy sighed.  Hell yes, he wanted a beer.  He could drink a brewery right then.  He walked across the concrete and sat down in the tired lounge chair beside the old man.  “Thanks,” he said as he popped the top and took a long drink.
“You’re a better man than me,” the old man observed.
Billy wiped suds from his lips, “How’s that?”
“I don’t think I could have turned her away, even for true love.  She’s a beautiful woman.”
Billy shook his head and looked accusingly at him, “You’re a telepathic dirty old man.  You spy on people like this all the time?”
“Naah, my heart would give out.  But, I mean what I say.  Of course, beautiful as she is, I wouldn’t have lead in my pencil without help,” the old man said as he popped open another Bud.
Billy smiled, “You mean some Comanche herbal aphrodisiac?”
“Fuck no.  Viagra, you ass.  Keeps my old woman happy when I can get it,” he smiled his toothless grin and Billy wondered just how old he was.  “We got a lot of things to talk about,” the old man observed and pointed off to the West.  “Come morning you have to go on your way, but there are a lot of things we need to talk about before then.”
“Such as?”
“First off, you’re on your way to California and you plan on following Interstate 10 to get there?”
Billy hesitated, “Is that bad?”
“Nobody’s ever done it successfully.  At least not to my knowledge.  The only reason people are even on this section of Interstate 20 is to get to Odessa.  Nobody goes farther than that,” the old man said and seemed to drain down his beer in a single gulp.
“What’s beyond Odessa?” Billy asked.
“Nothing, and lots of it until you reach Las Cruces, New Mexico.  So far in your quest, you’ve been in civilization.  If you go past Odessa, the lands get… dark,” the old man said.  He had stopped smiling.
Quest?  He had said quest?  Billy turned this over in his mind.  There was no quest.  Escorting Kathryn to California did not qualify as a quest.  He filed it away and moved on, “How is it dark?”
The old man pursed his lips together, “First, I have to tell you something.  Two nights ago, I was visited by your God in a dream.  I don’t trust this God, never had much to do with him.  Always doing things in threes this God of yours, makes me nervous.  Nature spirits don’t do things like that.  But, my wife, she’s a holy roller.  She said that the three that appeared to me when I described them were God, the Son and the Holy Spirit.”
Billy’s eyes widened, “What did they say?”
“The Spirit did all the talking.  He said that you were coming and that I wasn’t to warn you about the thing in Pecos, or the thing in New Mexico or the other thing in Arizona.”
“What things?” Billy asked.
“Fuck if I know,” the old man said and cracked open another brew.  “I think he said that to make sure that I did warn you.  God gave him a look like He was mightily pissed because he said that.”
Billy smiled, “By any chance, did the Holy Spirit look like a grey haired business man in an expensive suit?”
“Yeah, that’s him.  Funny, I can’t remember what the other two looked like.”
Michael, Billy thought.  Things were beginning to come together for Billy now.  Ray had gone on for hours about his brief meetings with the Archangel.  Now, if Billy could just figure out what this quest was.  “Did he say anything else?”
“Yeah, he said something to God like ‘You gave them free will, let them decide when to use it’.  I tell you, kid, I didn’t trust those guys.  Take my advice, you take the bypass around Pecos and when you get to Las Cruces, you take Interstate 25 up to I40 in Albequerque.  Lots of people on that route.”
Billy smiled, “I’ll keep it in mind.”
The old man shook his head, “No, you won’t.  But, you’ve been warned.  All I can do.”  He stood up and stretched noisily in the darkness.  “They call this place Haine’s Sword because a man named Haine and his buddies stood against the demons northeast of here.  They died there, but they took a hell of a lot of demons with them.  The battlefield is less than a mile northeast.  It’s haunted.”
Billy sat bewildered, “Why are you telling me this?”
The old man was walking away, “Tonight, three spirits came to me while I sat here waiting for you.  The man spirit told me you should walk out to the battlefield alone before morning.  The woman said you would be safe.  I believed them.”
“Why?” Billy asked.
The old man turned and smiled his toothless smile, “The third spirit was a dog, big German Shepherd.  I liked the dog.  He wouldn’t lie.”
 

Haine’s Sword: The Vision of Billy Murphy

A few minutes later, Billy was walking toward the North entrance to Haine’s Sword Truck Stop.  His breath rose in puffs in the chill night air as he walked along the hard packed earth of the dirt road.  Beyond the outer gate, the dirt path led off into the rolling hills.
Two sentries stood at the otherwise abandoned North gate.  They stared off into the hills beyond.  One of them hummed a Creedence tune, Billy wasn’t sure which song.  It might have been Bad Moon on the Rise or Who Will Stop the Rain, the grizzled looking guard was that tuneless.
Billy stepped up to humming man, ready to explain that he was going out for a walk; but, the man seemed to be ignoring him completely.  In fact, when Billy stepped in front of him, humming man shifted his gaze to the right.  Billy waved a hand in front of the man’s face, which caused him to squint then shift his gaze back to the left.  He was avoiding looking at Billy.
He can’t see me, Billy thought.  He glanced to the other man and saw that he was likewise staring away from Billy.  Someone is going to a lot of trouble.
Billy turned and stepped through the gate, followed the path to the top of the nearest gentle hill and turned northeast.
Eight years without sunlight had killed the vegetation here.  The prairie grass which would normally be just beginning to turn brown at this time of year was a mass of rot under his sneakers.  
However, life will not be denied.  Here and there, mushrooms grew on the remains of the grass.  And, moving through the ground under them were the worms, which were fed on by the rodents and birds, they, in turn, fed on by snakes and coyotes.  Nature was knocked down, but the old girl was far from out.  She adapted.
When the lights from the truck stop grew distant, Billy retrieved his small steel flashlight from a duster pocket.  It illuminated a circle twelve feet across in front of him.  Occasionally, small sharp eyes glinted in the glow, but they dashed away as he approached.
Topping a mushroom dotted rise, he looked down on the site of Haine’s battle.  The field below was roughly the size of a football field; but, the battle fought was not over a rubber ball.  The plain was filled with the bones of demons.  Their corpses had been left where they had fallen.  The men who had fought them had, however, been buried – albeit on the same field.
Billy took in the placement of the bodies and could see what had happened.  The men had fought a running battle as they had been pursued by the demons.  They had started with rifles, picking off the demons from range.
Then they had slowed, switching to handguns.  Here is where the first of the men began to fall.  The demons closed in, and, ammunition exhausted, the men had fought hand to hand against creatures much better equipped at rending and tearing than they.
The men had stood back to back, knowing that their end was imminent.  One by one they fell until only one remained.  And, finally, he too was overwhelmed.
Why had the men slowed? Billy thought.  But, then he knew.  They stopped and slowed the demons so that those they protected could escape.  A single tear ran down Billy’s cheek and he brushed it away.
There were ten graves in the field.  Ten men fell after standing off hundreds of demons.
Billy walked down the hill, stepping over the misshapen reptilian skulls.  He walked carefully by the plots of the men who had fought and died together.  In the center, stood the gravestone of the last man to die.
A wooden gravestone, but a gravestone nonetheless.  The flashlight lit the name that had been carefully painted on the board:  Samuel Haine.  Billy knelt beside the grave and studied it.  It was different from the graves beside it.  There was a curved shape lying on top of it, buried just under the surface of the soil.
Billy reached to touch the shape, and then recoiled.  This is desecration, he thought.
He knelt there for a moment longer, listening to the sound of the wind around him.  Something wanted me to come out here.  If not for this, then what?
Billy reached out and touched the shape.  The ground above the curved mound seemed warmer.  He brushed the loose soil aside.  Beneath it lay an object sealed in a green plastic garbage bag, the kind used for bagging leaves in the fall.  The object within was roughly three feet long and slightly curved.
He picked up the bag.  It was light, maybe five pounds.  The sack was tied with a yellow plastic strap.
His breath came in rapid puffs as his fingers fumbled with the plastic tie.  It came loose and, as the bag opened, Billy could smell gun oil and perhaps something heavier, some type of grease.  He pulled down the plastic to reveal the hilt of a sword.
The hilt was covered in woven chord over sharkskin.  Katana, Billy thought - a Japanese sword, first wielded by Samurais hundreds of years ago.  The scabbard below was of black lacquered wood.
The sword was old, Billy knew.  The scabbard and hilt were scuffed and pitted by age.  Samuel Haine had purchased this from an antiquities dealer.  There was a power to it.  No, not a power, a hunger.  Billy stared at it then reached out to touch the hilt.  When his hand closed around it, his head spun then everything went totally black.
In his vision, for that is the only thing it could be – a dream or nightmare required one to be asleep and Billy was quite awake and close to screaming. He fell.  He fell for miles it seemed.  Billy knew that the ground had to be rushing up to meet him.  Soon he would strike the earth with enough force to create a crater or worse, he feared he would hit with a sickening smack and bounce.
However, when he touched the ground he made no crater, nor did he bounce.  He simply found himself standing on the battlefield.  But, no… not the battlefield he started in – a different one.  Demons littered the ground of this field as well, but there weren’t hundreds of them.  There were millions, perhaps tens of millions.
The ground he stood upon was composed of lava rock.  Sharp mountains rose on the horizon, their peaks lit by flashes of lightning from the purple sky above.  Everywhere there was the stench of sulfur.  Demon bodies, freshly dead, were piled all around him.  Not the small lesser demons from the battlefield, these demons were huge.  They were big enough to have names: Asmodeus, Baal, Beelzebub.  At his feet, long forked tongue lolled out, lay the largest of them.  His dark blood flooded the rocks at Billy’s boots.
Boots.  Not sneakers as he had started out wearing.  These were boots made of a hard black glossy material.  Chitin, Billy thought.  The hard shell is called chitin, although it bears little resemblance to the chitinous shells of earth’s insects.
Billy stood in a field of dead demons, wearing black armor unlike anything he had ever seen.  A cloak of pure white hung from his shoulders, held in place with golden pauldrons at his shoulders.  On his left, the pauldron was the carved face of a lion.  On his right, the face of a lamb.  In his right hand, he held the sword.  Dark blood dripped from the blade and still, Billy knew that it hungered.
“Behold the left hand of God,” a voice spoke from behind him.
Billy spun to face the threat.  A man stood before him, older than he and shorter.  A bandage covered his head and left eye.  An inverted pentagram scar peeked from under the covering.
“Who are you?” Billy asked, and a trumpet cut through the air above.  Billy winced at the sound.
Other than the bandage, the man was dressed in the same chitinous armor as Billy.  He held up a hand and smiled, “My name is Nathan Campbell.”
“I know that name,” Billy said narrowing his eyes.  “They say you closed the door…”
Nathan nodded, “Not far enough, I’m afraid.”
Billy looked around, “Where am I?”
“Where do you think you are?”
Billy looked at the blood soaked stone of the ground, “Hell?”
Nathan nodded, “A good guess.  I’m a bit of an authority on hell after nine years.”
“Nine?”  Billy asked.
“Yes.  One year almost to the day from when you found Haine’s grave.  This is the future… a future,” Nathan sighed.
“You called me…”
“The left hand of God.  You are.  And, my right hand.”
Another trumpet sounded, and Billy looked up at the sky, “What is that?”
“Gabriel, I suppose,” Nathan mused.
“The end of time?” Billy looked down at the huge demon at his feet.  “Then this is Satan, and I…”
“Killed him, yes.  You and I have led a war in hell.  This was the battle of Armageddon.  Now, God calls home the righteous and hits the big celestial reset switch.  Time to start again,” Nathan kicked at the clawed toe of Asmodeus, and then looked up.  “You fucked up, kid.”
Billy stared at him, “What?”
Nathan nodded grim faced, “You think this is hell?  Well, technically it’s not.  It’s Kansas.  Or at least, it’s what Kansas is after the door to hell is thrown open wide.  Hell and earth merge and the final battle is played out here in what used to be a wheat field.”
“How is it my fault?” Billy whispered.
“Free will,” Nathan said.  “It’s always free will.  But, that’s not quite fair.  My good friend, Billy, you are God’s backup plan.  The third one, actually.”
Billy looked bewildered.
“God will win, must win, His battle with Satan.  It’s preordained.  The first plan was that the doorway between earth and hell would be opened and remain open.  There would be a fierce war, but in the end, man would lose.  Then Michael, who’s sometimes called God’s mercenary - the original left hand, fights Satan and kills him.  Fade to black and roll credits.  
“But, two things threw monkey wrenches into that plan.  First, Michael likes us.  He wants us to go on.  And, he can be a real conniver.  He set some events in motion to put individuals in the right place at the right time.  And, that’s where the second monkey wrench came in: free will.  In particular, my free will.  I stepped in and almost closed the doorway.”
“So, now there’s a plan B?” Billy asked.
“Yes, and you’re part of it.  A pivotal part I think…”
“You mean you don’t know?”
“No.  I don’t think anybody other than Michael and God Himself know.  But, I do know one thing: You’re going to blow it.  You’re going to screw us all with free will,” Nathan said pointing a finger at him.
Billy looked around at the destruction around him, “This doesn’t make sense, how could I be powerful enough to kill all these demons?”
Nathan sighed, “Do you remember what your mental powers were like when the doorway opened?”
Billy nodded, “I became much stronger then, slightly weaker after you closed the door.”
“You were young, inexperienced.  All psychic energy flows from the hell side, Billy.  You’ve learned to use the trickle that flows through, and you can do some pretty amazing things even with that trickle.  Now, imagine what it will be like when the door opens wide and the worlds merge…”
“My God…” Billy began.
“You’ll be the most powerful thing on earth and in hell.  God’s left hand isn’t a cap gun.  He’s a thermonuclear bomb on two legs.  It’s who you will be…”
“Unless… what do I have to do to keep all this from happening?”
Nathan smiled, “I only know one thing.  Something that Michael told me.  He said you must pick up the sword and use it, but the most important thing is that you know when to lay it down.”
Billy looked at him, expecting more, “That’s it?”
Nathan smiled and shrugged, “Angels suck, don’t they?”
Billy awoke on the cold damp earth of Haine’s grave, clutching the sword.
 

Chapter 22
Once she had been Angela Lancaster, but that had been eight years ago and she no longer thought of herself as that person.  She had been a senior technician at the high energy physics lab, although quite frankly she had barely understood the science behind the experiment that opened the door to hell.  Watch the monitors, balance the power output – that had been her world.  Then Barbatas came and made her so much more.
She was the Elder now.  The oldest vampire on earth, with the power to direct all those who came after.  No more monitoring and balancing, now she commanded respect.  So, it was with some distaste that she sat again before the power management console in the former high energy physics lab resplendent in her red satin robes.  There was simply no one else to run the equipment.
Barbatas had made a mistake in those first days.  He hadn’t known that he would need the talents of the scientists and technicians of the lab.  In his defense, he could not have known that Nathan Campbell would come to close the doorway, but the damage was done.  
Dr. Jennings, blowhard that he was, had completely understood the theories governing the experiment.  But he was dead along with most of the lab crew.  Those at the Chicago lab evidently died in the confusion that followed. 
For all Barbatas’ searching, only Angela had been located.  Indeed, she had not gone far at all.  Had she not been spreading vampirism through Charlottesville on the night Campbell had attacked, she would probably have been destroyed in the fire.
Luckily for Barbatas, the ranks of physics students had swelled to an all time high the semester before the demon invasion.  Talent had not been hard to find in places such as MIT, Stanford and CalTech.  The new lab, enclosed in a pyramid of black lava rock (no suicidal fool in a pickup truck would bring this structure down) – the new lab bustled with activity as the physics students worked.  
A thin male vampire approached her with a clipboard, “The new power measurements, Elder.”  He placed it in her hands.  
She nodded in approval and the scientist bowed as he backed away.  She had thought it best to convert all the scientists to vampirism.  This served two purposes.  First, she had complete control of all vampires, their ranks would be impossible to infiltrate.  Second, a room full of vampires, most created by the Elder herself and therefore very strong, were a formidable defense.
The Elder motioned to a female scientist who stood nearby.  The woman approached and the Elder said, “Inform Barbatas, we will power up by the end of the day tomorrow.”
 
Lynchburg, VA
Ray smiled at Saffron as she slept.  In fact, he suppressed a laugh.  Many people took on a beautiful countenance as they slept, Saffron however, did not.  She was still very attractive, but when she slept deeply, as she did that morning, the delicate lines of her lips were drawn into a strained oval through which she sucked in great lung fulls of air.  This resulted in a snore like a bear.
As he watched, she groaned in her sleep, twisted in the covers, stretched and farted in one long deep bass note.  Ray fell over onto the bed barely holding his laughter in.  He scratched at the maddening itch that had developed in the stump of his left arm.
Ray lifted his tee shirt and inspected the old scar.  It throbbed and appeared to be swollen.  He reached out with his right index finger and poked at it, half expecting pain.
A cry echoed through the bar, and Ray sat bolt upright in bed.  In the kitchen below, Rebecca had screamed.

Haine’s Sword Truck Stop, Texas
Billy sat on the hood of the caddy and watched the clouds above lighten from black to grey.  Somewhere high above the demon cloud, the sun had risen above the horizon.  Here in the calm stillness of the morning, his mind buzzed with questions.
Chief among them was the question of ‘plan B’.  He wasn’t part of any plan that he was aware of.  The old man had said that they were on a quest, but even this wasn’t true.  They were escorting Kathryn to California for… for what?  Why did she need to get to California?  Had she ever said?  No, he didn’t think so.
She had offered him a large sum of money and he had just assumed that it was ‘no questions asked’.  He tried to remember back to their original conversation.
I have business there, she had said.
Billy thought it was time that Kathryn came clean with them.  He was suddenly sure that her ‘business’ in California had everything to do with ‘plan B’.
The hood thumped loudly as Kathryn landed beside him, “Penny for your thoughts.”
“I’m not that cheap,” Billy said.
Kathryn smiled up at the sky, “Yeah, I figured that out last night.”
“Listen, about that…”
“I’m as subtle as a barracuda.  Totally my fault.  I’m really sorry,” she said.
“You don’t have to be.  I mean, I’m flattered…”  God, I sound like a high school freshman, he thought.  Was he really that immature?  Maybe.
“Forget it.  I didn’t know you were already spoken for.  So, does she know?” Kathryn smiled.
Billy reddened, “Of course she knows.  Can we not talk about this?”
“So, how long have you two been knocking boots?”
Billy sat up on his elbow and stared at her, “What?”
“You know, knocking boots.  Making the beast with two backs,” she asked.  When there was still no comprehension on Billy’s face she rolled her eyes and said, “Screwing.”
Billy looked back at the sky, “I am not having this conversation with you.”
“Oh, come on, we’re all adults here.  I mean you have…” she began.  The red look on his usual pale complexion was enough to answer the question before she asked it.  “Oh, my God.  You mean you haven’t?  She’s still a…”
“So are you,” Billy grumbled.
“Yeah.  But, now I’m losing all faith in the youth of tomorrow,” she looked at him with fascination.  “How about you?”
“No.  Thanks for asking,” he grimaced.  “I haven’t been a virgin in a long time.”
“Well, thank God.  I’d hate to think that I was following a virgin hired gun cross country.”
“We need to talk about that,” he said.
She looked at him, not liking the tone, “Talk about what?”
“Why you’re going to California.”

There it was, the question she had dreaded since they met in his office back in Lynchburg, “Why does anyone want to go to California?  To be a staaar.”
Billy was silent.
After a moment, Kathryn sighed, “It doesn’t concern you.”
“I think it does.  I think it concerns George and I both.”
Her words were hard cold stones, “No, it doesn’t.  Get me across the California border and we part company.  You and Father Asshole can take in Disneyland and the Golden Gate for all I care, but two feet across that line I go my own way.  Understand?”
Billy didn’t flinch, “Oh, I understand.  The question is:  do you?”
“What do you mean?”
“Yesterday and this morning, I’ve been doing a lot of thinking.  It started because an old man told me that we were on a quest.  I don’t know what the quest is.  I think you do…”
Kathryn sat up and laughed, “You’re going to believe that crazy old…”
“Telepath,” Billy finished her sentence.  “A telepath almost as strong as me, but without my scruples against snooping.”
“You’re being paid very well…”
“Fuck the money.  I’m done with it,” Billy spat.  “Keep it.  There’s more at stake here than money, and you and I both know it.”
“It doesn’t concern you,” she said through gritted teeth.
“And the ghouls in Tennessee didn’t concern you, but you fought them.  The vampires in Arkansas didn’t really give a damn about George and me, but we saved you anyway.  And, I have it on very good authority that we have more fun ahead of us.  Sorry to break it to you, but George and I are in this up to our necks.”
“You can’t force me to tell you,” she whispered.
“Actually, I probably could.  You’re a powerful witch, but I don’t think you could keep me out of your head if I decided to start snooping around in there,” Billy observed.
Kathryn spun on him then, fury and tears in her eyes, “You wouldn’t dare!”
“No, I wouldn’t.  I’m just making a point.  I’ve treated you with respect, stayed out of your thoughts and let you run the show.  And, you’ve repaid that respect by lying to me and holding back the truth.  Doing so to the point that we’ve been in danger even when we didn’t know we were.  The things you haven’t told us, like the fact that you’re the most valuable human on earth to the demons, those things could have gotten us killed.”
“So get lost, I don’t need you.”
“That’s exactly what I’m going to do,” he said and Kathryn recoiled as if she had been slapped.  “But, you’re wrong.  You’d be dead five times over without George and me.  I don’t think you’ll make it another hundred miles without us.”
“You egotistical piece of…”
“Not at all.  George and I will be lucky to make it back to Virginia alive without you as well.  The three of us together are great, separately we just manage to get by,” Billy said and realized that he was on a roll.  He was learning more from his argument with her than he felt he would learn should she tell him what the damned thing was about anyway.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Kathryn asked, finally intrigued and not horrified by the conversation.
“This is a quest.  Even though I don’t know what the object is, I feel… lifted by it.  I feel like forces are at work both for us and against us.  Powerful forces.  And, more than that, for the first time in my entire life, I feel like I am finally doing… something,” he said and stared at her through his round wire rimmed glasses.
She shrank from his gaze, looked at her hands.
“In the last eight years, I haven’t been able to get through a day without being half plastered.  Look at me, I haven’t had more than two beers in an entire week,” he grasped her hands.  “For the first time in eight years, I feel like everything might just turn out okay.  Tell me why I feel that way Kathryn, or I swear to you that George and I will turn around and drive home.”
Kathryn looked down at his hands.  Tears ran down her cheeks and for a moment Billy thought that she wouldn’t speak.  Then she looked up into his eyes and smiled, “Because that’s how you feel when you’re getting ready to beat the shit out of the school yard bully who keeps taking everybody’s lunch money.  It’s how you feel when you know that you can save the world.”
“Is that what we’re doing, Kathryn?” Plan B, Billy thought.
She looked at him, green eyes flashing, “Yeah, Billy.  I guess that’s what we’re doing.”
“What are we doing?” George asked with a just awakened voice from the motel balcony above.  
 
Lynchburg, VA
Ray crashed through the swinging door of the kitchen to find Rebecca backing out of the walk in freezer.  She had her hands over her mouth.  “Rebecca?”
She turned toward him, eyes wide.  She shook her head and pointed toward the open freezer door, “I was… getting a roast out to thaw for dinner.  There’s a… a body…”
Ray pushed past her into the freezer.  The frosted interior of the room was lit with a single bulb in the ceiling.  In the corner, beyond the meat hanging on hooks, were three garbage bags.  One of the bags had been opened and the head of a man, one eye pointing left, the other pointing up lay on the icy floor.  Ray looked at the man’s face for a moment.  There was something familiar, and then he recognized the punk from the alley.  The leader of the gang that had almost killed Saffron.
Saffron’s voice came from behind him, “He was a threat.”
Ray lowered his head at the voice.  Oh, no, he thought.  Please not this.
“He was planning to kill you,” Saffron said.  Her tone was the same she might have used to describe the weather.
Ray stood up, head still bowed, looking away from her, “How do you know that?”
“He was standing outside the bar, watching last night.  He was planning something,” she said.
“So, you didn’t really know,” Ray said as he clenched his fist.
“Why else would he…” she began.
“Who knows!” Ray screamed spinning around to face her.  “Maybe he wanted to rob us.  Maybe he just liked the fucking curtains.”
“He told you that he would come for you,” Saffron stepped into the freezer and touched his arm.
He brushed her away, “You murdered him.  He didn’t try to break in here, hadn’t even threatened…”
“He almost killed me,” Saffron growled.
Ray looked back at the bags, “Oh, sweet Jesus.  There isn’t enough there to add up to one man…”
She looked at him, “I was… hungry.”
Ray leaned on his right arm against the wall, “My God, you’re a monster.”
Saffron took a step back, “Take it back.  You have to take it back.”
Ray shook his head.  “You murdered…” he began as he turned to face her.
Saffron stood before him, eyes large and yellow, teeth becoming sharp in her mouth.  She had stretched out her right arm, coarse black hairs erupted from her pores and the tips of her fingers had grown long sharp claws.  “Take it back!” she roared and pulled her arm back preparing to slap him across the face with the long taloned hand.
Ray looked at her in disbelief.
She stopped then, tears sprang from her eyes as she looked at her lethal hand poised to strike.  “Oh, no, no,” she whimpered and she staggered backward dropping her hand to her side.  She shook her head as she retreated, never taking her eyes off Ray.  And, when she reached the door, she ran.
Rebecca stared after her in shock.
Ray sat down on the cold floor and wept.
 
West of Midland, Texas
“I guess I should start at the beginning,” Kathryn said.  She lounged across the back seat of the caddy.  “At least, the beginning for me.”
Billy watched her in the rear view window as he drove down Interstate 20.  George sat sideways in the passenger seat and looked on the verge of nodding off.
“I was there at the doorway on the first night.  My coven, all dead now except for me, we were there in attendance just after Barbatas came through,” she chuckled, a hollow dry sound.  “I never believed any of it, not really.  Not until I was there and saw it.  My coven was just a harmless bunch of misfits, I mean magic wasn’t real for chrissake.  I didn’t believe in God or Satan or Buddha or Allah… didn’t buy into any of it.  Witchcraft was for kicks, you know?”
She looked at Billy and George, “Of course, you don’t.  Rhetorical question.”  She sighed, “Anyway, there I was nose to nose with a real live demon.  And, he marked me, and it hurt like a mother.  I pissed myself.  And then, they locked me in a room a few feet from the doorway to hell.  
“I had pretty much resigned myself to whatever fate was in store for me.  I hadn’t figured out that I was the mother of abominations, I mean who the fuck thinks of themselves as the whore of Babylon anyway?” Kathryn looked back and forth at the two of them.  “Never mind, another rhetorical question.  Anyway, one night this guy in a pickup truck drove through the front door playing Creedence on his tape deck and blew up the whole place.  I was lucky to get out alive.
“I think Barbatas assumed I had died there.  I know they didn’t look for me right away.  I ran as far and as fast as I could.  After the demons made the truce, and I figured out that they weren’t looking for me, it got a lot easier to travel.  When you have the mark of the beast on you and all that hocus pocus you learned from the witchcraft books starts working for real, people don’t give you a lot of shit.  I went to Europe for a while, and I started searching.”
“For what?” Billy asked.
“A way to stop them,” She answered.
George looked at her, his brows knit, “And why would you want to stop them?”
Kathryn smiled, “Totally selfish reasons, Father George.  I don’t want to be the heavy from the book of Revelations.  I want my damned free will.”
Billy smiled, Didn’t everyone?
George shook his head, “You think that will save your soul?”
Kathryn laughed, “I highly doubt it…”
“Good, because it won’t,” George continued.  “Until you ask for forgiveness, it doesn’t matter if you kill every demon on earth.  You’ll still burn in hell.”
Kathryn glared at him, “I thought you didn’t believe in God anymore?”
George returned the hateful glance, “I don’t.  Which means, if I’m right, you’re damned no matter what you do.”
Billy could see the anger in her eyes, but behind it he thought he could see the beginning of tears, “Go on, Kathryn.  Finish your story.”
She glared at George a moment longer, then shook her head, “While I was in Europe, I went to the ruins of the Vatican.  The demons had pretty much decimated it, but what I was interested in was something I thought they might have missed.
“The pope has or had a private library, accessible only to him.  Popular theory held that documents considered too dangerous to the church were kept there.  I hoped that I would find something, anything that could be used against the demons there.”
“And you did find something?” Billy asked.
Kathryn nodded, “Almost seven hundred years ago, a group of powerful witches managed to open a doorway to hell in Romania.”
George laughed, “You mean Transylvania?”
“Yeah, I know how it sounds, George. The doorway was weak, barely big enough for a single demon to step through at a time. But, it was enough.”
“All the diseases: Vampirism, Lycanthropy, Ghoulism – they came through then, didn’t they?” Billy asked.
“Yes, which is why they became part of popular culture – except for Ghoulism, it was stopped quickly. Vampirism and Lycanthropy weren’t able to spread far. It was a matter of logistics: the terrain was rugged, few people, few roads,” Kathryn said.
“In any event, two Franciscan monks were travelling through the area when the gate was opened. They managed to reach the Vatican for help. Pope Urban VI himself led an army against the doorway, and they fought the demons back.
“The Pope knew that prayer and arms alone could not close the doorway, so he made an alliance with a powerful warlock named Asarlas. Pope Urban wrote a prayer that forced all the demons back to hell, and Asarlas created a spell that closed the doorway behind them.”
George shook his head, “The leader of the Catholic Church joined forces with a witch? I’m not buying this.”
“Yeah, well, the alliance was short lived. Just as Asarlas finished his incantation, the Pope had him tossed through the doorway as it closed – after ripping the spell of sealing from his hands.”
Billy looked at her, “So, you think this spell and prayer would work again?”
Kathryn smiled, “I hope so. I found the spell in Charlottesville. The prayer is in San Francisco. That’s what this has all been about. The Whore of Babylon wants to save the world.”

Chapter 23
Billy slowed to a stop in the breakdown lane just outside Pecos, Texas. He frowned at the road ahead.
His two companions followed his gaze.  Ahead of them, the interstate split.  The right fork read Pecos, the left read El Paso.  The map indicated that the left fork was a bypass around Pecos, while the right took you past three exits into the town itself.
Billy stared down the right fork.  The road was lost in haze a few hundred yards past the split.
“What’s wrong?” George asked.
“When I talked to the old Comanche last night, he warned me about Pecos.  I think we should take the bypass,” Billy said.
“Sounds good to me,” Kathryn said.
Billy bit his lower lip, “I… I’m not sure.”
“You feel something?” George asked.
“Yeah, something bad is about to happen down that right fork,” Billy said.
“Good enough, go left,” Kathryn said.
Billy squinted into the haze.  Shadows moved in it.  Fate, he thought.  It all comes down to free will versus fate.
The shadow in the haze became more distinct.
“Something’s coming,” Billy said, and he was out of the car sprinting along the shoulder, drawing his Berettas as he ran.
“Oh, shit,” Kathryn cursed as she and George dove out of the car and ran after him.
The shape was recognizable now.  Two shapes.  A woman with matted brown hair was running holding a toddler with blonde hair in her arms.  “Help me!” she screamed as she caught sight of Billy.
She skidded to a stop on the opposite side of the road from Billy.  The child, a girl, wailed.
George was pulling back the bolt of the H&K as the woman’s pursuer roared into view.  A black and white police cruiser, red and blue bubble lights flashing, slid along the road out of the haze.
The car hadn’t quite stopped moving when the driver and passenger doors swung open.  A tall man in a tan uniform emerged from the passenger side, a short skinny man, similarly dressed got out of the driver’s side.  “Hold it right there,” the skinny man ordered.
Billy’s mouth dropped open.  Oh, my God, he thought.  It’s the ghosts of Andy Taylor and Barney Fife.  We’ve stumbled on hell’s version of Mayberry.
“You’ve got to help me,” the woman cried.  “They’re going to kill my baby!”
“Shut up,” the tall man barked.
The Mayberry illusion was shattered.  It was obvious that the tall one was the deputy, the short one was the sheriff.
“The woman has abducted this child,” the sheriff explained.  “Put your guns away.”
George had walked to the center of the road, gun held straight out to his right side.
Kathryn had walked into the field to Billy’s right, whispering Latin.  The blue fire ball appeared at her fingertips.
Billy grinned - without conscious thought, the three of them had spaced themselves perfectly to flank the sheriff and deputy.  They worked damned well together.
“I swear to you, I didn’t abduct her.  She’s my daughter,” the woman sobbed.  George kept one eye on her, one on the tall deputy.
“Why don’t we all just put away our guns and talk this over?” Kathryn said with a smile.
The sheriff returned her smile, “We’re officers of the law, Ma’am.  Now you folks put down your guns and leave the woman to us.”
“Get back in your patrol car and go home,” Billy said.  The laser sights blinked on, painting two red dots on the pavement.  “We’ll bring the woman to you if we decide she’s lying.”  She wasn’t lying.  Billy knew this, could feel it in her voice and his intuition told him that he needed to kill these two assholes.
George sensed Billy’s decision.  He walked farther to his left, putting himself between the woman and the deputy.
“You stay where you are, cocksucker,” the deputy growled at George.
“Hey, Billy.  Are we killing these bastards or what?” George asked with a smile.
Kathryn walked farther into the plain.  At this angle, she would incinerate the sheriff and probably ignite the patrol car’s gas tank.  “Yeah, I’m bored.  Let’s end this.”
The sheriff watched her.  “Witch,” he mumbled.
“Smile when you say that, pilgrim,” Kathryn drawled.
The sheriff smiled and dropped a glass ball he had been holding in his left hand.  It shattered on the pavement.
Kathryn felt an electric tingle, like scrubbing your feet over new carpet on a cold day.  The fireball spell she had been preparing fizzled.  Anti-magic field, she thought.  “Billy!” she cried.
Startled, George and Billy turned toward her.
Mistake, Billy thought.  Before he could turn back, he saw the sheriff and deputy raise their hands in unison.  He felt his body jerked up and backward, saw George collapsing onto the blacktop, and everything went black.
Kathryn ran toward Billy as the sheriff pulled a second stun gun and fired it at her.  Her body spasmed and jerked as she collapsed onto the road beside Billy.  The last thing she heard was the woman’s scream.
Billy saw images in the darkness.  He saw desert sand and something looming in it… a brown tent surrounded by red rocks… a reptile’s eye… clouds… a black pyramid.  He swam in this darkness for a long while, felt a sharp pain in his stomach.  Finally, he heard voices in the distance.
“Foolish… foolish…”
“The younger two… healthy…”
“The older one?”
“I think the boy might be coming around,” a high pitched voice whispered.
Billy was awake, but held his eyes closed.  Someone was leaning over him, he could smell their breath, their sweat.  Billy’s eyes snapped open as his hand closed around the skinny neck of the very old man who leaned over him.  He squeezed.
The old man struggled, blood vessels bulging on his temples and capillaries breaking in the whites of his eyes.
“Malcolm’s very old.  You’ll kill him, Mr. Murphy,” a man said to his left.
“That’s the idea,” Billy said.  He was lying on a bed in a bedroom with green wallpaper.  Two other elderly men stood around the bed.
“It won’t help your situation,” the man said.  He was tall and skinny, with thin hair gone mostly grey.
“I want my guns, and I want George and Kathryn, in that order.  Otherwise, I pop his head like a zit,” Billy said.
Malcolm was turning blue.
“Your companions are unharmed, I assure you.  This has all been a huge misunderstanding.  Our sheriff and his deputy will be reprimanded for their behavior.  For God’s sake, man, you’re killing him,” the tall man pleaded.
Billy stared into the dying man’s bloodshot eyes, “My guns and my friends… now.”
“Your friends are in the other two bedrooms.  I will not give you the weapons.  No one is allowed weapons here, except the sheriff and his deputy.  Kill Malcolm if you will, but you’ll not get your guns back while you are in Pecos,” the tall man said.
Malcolm was almost unconscious.  Billy sighed and released his grip.  The old man collapsed beside the bed, gasping for air.
The tall man ran to his fallen friend, “Malcolm?  Are you all right?”
The old man gasped and wheezed, “Violent… too violent, Jeffrey… we should have killed…”
The tall man, Jeffrey, raised Malcolm to his feet and guided him to a chair by the bed, “There now, you’re all right.”  He turned to Billy, who had risen and sat on the edge of the bed, “You should be ashamed.  Malcolm is easily three times your age.”
Billy shrugged, “I’ve killed older.”
Jeffrey scowled at him and walked to the curtained window, “We were about to give you a fine gift before your homicidal outburst.”
“What’s that?” Billy asked.
Jeffrey pulled the curtain aside and the room filled with golden radiance.  The sun beamed through the glass - illuminating dust motes in the still air.
Billy winced, and then opened his eyes wide as he felt the warmth on his skin, “My God…”
“A sight you haven’t seen in eight years?” Jeffrey asked with a smile.
“This is some kind of…”
“Illusion?  No, I promise you it is not.  The demon cloud is open above Pecos.  We have clear blue skies and sun almost three hundred days per year,” Jeffrey said.
Billy stood and looked out the window.  His stomach was sore.  The scene outside was a slice of small town America.  People walked down a bright street lined with stores and shops.  They smiled and talked to each other as they walked bathed in the golden glow.
There was no fear here in this place.  No vampires, no demons, no ghouls – the demons had passed this place by.  Billy had never wanted to walk outside so badly in his life.
“Have a look around if you like,” Jeffrey said.
Billy looked at him, his expression grim, “How is this possible?”
“Later.  For now, go out and enjoy the sun.”
 
Lynchburg, Virginia
Ray poured himself two fingers of bourbon, stared at it for half a minute, then poured it carefully back into the bottle.  He’d repeated this exercise at least ten times in the last hour.
Ray wanted the drink, needed it.  But, if he climbed into a bottle now, he wouldn’t climb out for a very long time.  And, that was unacceptable.
Rebecca needed him.  Billy could fend for himself, could probably have fended for himself from the beginning, but Rebecca needed him and that was enough.
Saffron had not come back.  She would never come back, Ray knew.  And, why should she?  He’d called her a monster – had meant it when he said it.
A monster?  So what? Ray thought.  She killed a creep I would have killed myself – almost did kill in the alley that day.  And, he called her a monster for it.
He scratched at the stump of his left arm.  This morning he’d looked at it in the mirror.  The scar was angry and red, the veins surrounding it pulsed in black convulsions.  Cancer? He thought.  Maybe.
“She’ll come back,” Rebecca said from the stairs.  She had been watching him pouring and returning the bourbon.
Ray glanced up at the sound of her voice.  She wasn’t a child any more.  She was a beautiful, smart young woman, and when Billy came back he’d better make things right with her.  If not, Ray thought, I’ll kick his narrow ass.
 
Pecos, Texas
“Any idea how this is being done?” Billy asked.
Billy, George and Kathryn sat on a green park bench in the late afternoon sun.  The park was green, the cottonwood trees in full bloom.  Around them, townspeople strode and laughed, enjoying the day.
“Must be some powerful magic,” Kathryn said.
“Maybe it isn’t magic,” George said.  He leaned back in the chair and let the sun warm his face.
Kathryn stared at him, “Will of God?”
George shrugged, “Maybe God let them off the hook.  Maybe he found three honorable men and spared them.  Who the hell knows?”
“Yeah,” Billy said.  “Or maybe they’ve made some kind of deal with the demons…”
“Possibly, but I doubt it,” Kathryn said.  “The demons are terrified of sunlight.  They think God can see them in it.  For them to open the cloud willingly…”
“Okay, maybe not demons.  But, something doesn’t feel right,” Billy said.
“I’d be a lot more comfortable if we were armed,” George said.
“Your magic coming back?” Billy asked Kathryn.
“No, and it won’t.  This place is protected with anti-magic sigils,” she said.
“What?” Billy asked.
“It’s a spell that negates magic within the protected area,” she said.
“All magic?” George asked.
“Sometimes.  But in this case, I think whatever cast the spell used a variation that allows it to use magic within the protected area.  It just keeps others from casting.”
“What about the glass ball the sheriff used on you?” Billy asked.
“I’ve never seen one before.  Judging from what it did to me, I think it was some sort of temporary nullifying field.  I’d like to get my hands on one to look it over…” she said.
“We’ll see what we can do about that,” Billy said.  “Okay, we have no weapons and no magic…”
“What about your psychic powers?” George asked.
“Those don’t seem to be effected,” Billy nodded.  “That’s the one trick we have up our sleeve.  Let’s hope it’s enough.”
“I don’t get it.  Why didn’t they just kill us?” Kathryn asked.
“You complaining?” George smiled.
“No, not me.  I like breathing,” Kathryn said.  “But, if they’re bad, I mean, they had us.  They could have killed us in our sleep.”
“They want something,” Billy said.  He stared across the park to the street beyond.  

Deputy Samuel Purvis stared back at him from the patrol car.  Purvis didn’t like the tall, skinny man with the round wire glasses.  He hated Billy Murphy, and he had no idea why.
“Purvis,” Jeffrey’s voice came over the two way radio in the patrol car.
The deputy reached down and unclipped the microphone, “Go ahead, Mayor.”
“What are they doing?”
“Just sitting.  Talking.  Planning, I’d guess,” Purvis stared into Billy Murphy’s eyes.  Killer’s eyes.  This Murphy was evil incarnate.  He was every bad guy in every western Purvis had seen since childhood.  The deputy wanted to kill him.
“Keep watching them,” Jeffrey said.  “Don’t let them leave…”
“I know what to do,” Purvis said.  One day soon, he would kill Billy Murphy.

In the park, Kathryn looked at Billy, “Hello.  Earth to Billy.”
Billy broke his gaze from the deputy and smiled at Kathryn, “Sorry.”
“What were you doing?” George asked.
Billy shook his head, “Making friends and influencing people.”

A few blocks away, Mayor Jeffrey Cambridge sat with the sheriff and Malcolm in the sheriff’s office.  “They’re dangerous,” Jeffrey said, wringing the sweat from his manicured hands.
“Say the word and I’ll have Purvis take them out,” the sheriff said, a smile on his thin lips.
Malcolm shook his head, “The old god says we must take in the young and fertile…”
The sheriff glared at him, “Then we should have at least killed the older one.”
Jeffrey nodded, “If you get the chance, kill him.  His sperm count was low.  But, do it away from the other two.  I’d rather keep them willingly.  It’s so much… more pleasant.”

“Okay, here’s what I know,” Kathryn said as the three walked along Main Street.  “The hole in the cloud cover looks to be about ten miles across, and its center is there.”  She pointed toward a large circular building topped with a gleaming white dome.
“Sports arena of some kind?” George asked.
“It takes an enormous amount of power to open a hole like that and maintain it,” she said.
“You think it’s a witch doing this, don’t you?” Billy asked as they neared the building.
“No witch I ever heard of could do this.  Power on this scale is usually only wielded by demons…” Kathryn said.
“Or angels,” George said.
A voice called out behind them, “This is a restricted area!”
The three turned to look as Purvis climbed out of his patrol car, “No one is allowed in the temple.”
“We thought it was a sports arena…” Kathryn began.
“It used to be.  It’s been consecrated,” Purvis said, his eyes never wavering from Billy.
You would like to kill me, wouldn’t you? Billy thought.
“Consecrated in the name of whom?” George asked.
“The old gods.  It’s sacred ground, and you’re uninitiated – stay away,” Purvis said and glared at Billy.  “As a matter of fact, stay out of this end of town altogether.”
“Sure,” Kathryn said, smiling.  “wouldn’t want to disturb the old gods.”
Purvis turned his glare on Kathryn who continued to smile.  He turned around and got back in his patrol car.
The three began to walk back the way they had come.
“Charming guy,” George said.  Purvis had turned his car around in the middle of the street and was rolling along slowly behind them.
“A real prince,” Kathryn said.
“Old gods?” Billy asked.
“Sorry, no clue,” Kathryn said.  “I mean, if you take the events of the last eight years as any indication – I think we can be pretty sure that the Judeo-Christian traditions are the only ones of any relevance.  Old gods?  He could be talking about any number of mythological beings.  The Greeks had Zeus, the Romans had Jupiter, the Scandinavians had Odin – hell, he could be talking about Ahura Mazda from Zoroastrianism for all we know…”
“Would any of them be able to do this?” Billy asked.
“Well, yeah, if they were real.  Billy, these are just myths,” she said.
“One thing’s for sure, we’re not going to get any answers with Deputy Barney following us around like this,” George said.
“Actually, he looks more like Andy…” Kathryn said.
“You’re right – the Sheriff looks like Barney,” Billy said and smiled.
Kathryn laughed softly.  Billy looked tired to her – he’d looked tired since their stop in Midland.
“And, the mayor looks like Floyd the barber,” George said.
“Now there’s a mythology for you.  Why couldn’t we be stuck in a town that worshipped the old gods of Mayberry?” Billy said and this time he laughed out loud.
“Not much chance of that,” Kathryn said.
Billy’s expression turned serious again, “Tonight, we’ll sneak out.  We need to find out what’s doing this, and we need to find the girl with the baby.”
 
Lynchburg, VA
Ray was dreaming.  He’d been dreaming a lot recently, and he didn’t particularly care for it.  He preferred a nice restful sleep without reliving painful episodes from the past or visiting fortune tellers who told him frightening things about the future.
At least this dream was pleasurable.  Saffron sat naked astride him rocking her hips gently as they made love.  He reached up and cupped her full left breast in his right hand and she smiled down at him.
Her smile turned to a frown as he then cupped her right breast with his left hand.
This isn’t right, he thought.
“It’s not natural,” she said, her voice a growl.
“No, wait,” he said.
Saffron’s face rippled and suddenly it was her beast form above him.  Her strong clawed paws grasped his left arm and ripped it off…
Ray woke in the darkness with a strangled cry.  He grabbed the stump of his left arm and cried out again.  Pain shot through his shoulder and he passed out.
 
Pecos, Texas
“So, what do you think of our little slice of heaven?” the mayor asked.
Billy, Kathryn and George sat in the parlor of the mayor’s house surrounded by the town elders, the sheriff and the deputy.
“Looks like you have a pretty good thing going here,” Billy said.
“We think so,” the sheriff said as he puffed on a cigar.
The mayor leaned forward in his chair, “I guess what I’m asking is, would you like to make this your new home?”
“We don’t often offer citizenship to outsiders,” Malcolm said, his voice still a little hoarse from his earlier rough handling.
“We certainly appreciate the offer,” Kathryn said.
“I’d just like to know what happened to the woman and her baby,” Billy said.
Are you nuts? Kathryn thought.
Stick with me, Red.  I got a plan, Billy projected telepathically back to her.
“Yeah, we’re a little worried about her,” Kathryn added.  You damned well better have a plan.
The mayor sat back and smiled, “Like any community, we have malcontents.  People who don’t trust the motives of our benefactor.”
“And, who is this benefactor?  Purvis here referred to him as an ‘old god’,” George asked.
The mayor shot Purvis an icy look, “I’m shocked.  Deputy Purvis of all people should know we don’t discuss religious matters with those from outside the faith.”
“Sorry, mayor,” Purvis said.
“If you agree to stay with us, you will of course be indoctrinated into our beliefs,” the mayor said.
“The woman said you were going to kill her baby,” Billy said.  He was leaning back in the soft chair and staring intently at the mayor.
“She was hysterical.  I can assure you, no one in this room was going to harm the child…”
“She seemed pretty convinced,” Kathryn said.
“You calling the mayor a liar?” the Sheriff asked.
“Well, either the woman was lying or her child is in danger,” Kathryn said.
“All gods demand… sacrifice,” the mayor said.
“The one I always followed only asked for it twice.  He called it off the first time - turned out He was just testing. And the second time, well, he asked that of Himself,” George said.
“Mayor, are you telling me that you’re sacrificing children in exchange for daylight?” Billy asked, but he already knew the answer.  He had suspected as much from the beginning.
“We’re just doing what everybody else is doing.  We’re trying to survive,” the mayor said.
Billy reached out with his mind and read the emotions of his friends.  Kathryn was agitated but calm.  George was dangerously close to leaping on the mayor and strangling him.  George, calm down, he projected.
Billy, you don’t understand, George thought.
Yes, I do.  And, I promise you that we’ll make them pay.  Just give me some time, Billy projected.  “Mayor, under the circumstances, I think we’ll have to forego citizenship…”
“Religious differences,” Kathryn said.
“If you don’t mind, we’ll be on our way,” Billy said.
“Actually, I’m afraid I do mind…” the mayor said.

“Nice plan,” George said from his position lying on the grey blanket of his cell bunk.
The three of them had adjoining six foot by eight foot cells in the Pecos jail.
Kathryn was standing on her head in the corner of her cell.  She opened her mouth and a great imitation of Edward G. Robinson came flowing out, “All right, you mugs, listen up.  We’re breaking out of here, see?  Billy here’s gonna fake a stomach ache, see.  And, when deputy Purvis comes in to bring him the pepto, I’m gonna make a grab for his gun.  Yeah.”  She rolled onto her feet.
Billy and George eyed her with disdain.
“Hey, it always worked in the movies,” she said.
“I have a plan,” Billy said.
Purvis opened the front door and walked in.  He glared at Billy through the bars.
“So it begins,” Billy sighed.
“Hey, Purvis, nice of you to join us,” Kathryn said.  “We were just getting ready to sing some old camp songs.  Do you know Kumbaya?”
“You’re a real smart-assed bitch, aren’t you?” Purvis said.
Kathryn smiled, “You hear that?  He thinks I’m smart.  Come on in here, let’s have some fun.”
“Shut up, cunt,” Purvis hissed.
“And, he knows how to talk to a lady.  Be still my heart,” Kathryn said, licking her lips.
“Y’all want to live through tonight, don’t piss me off,” Purvis said.
Purvis was wearing his gun, a .44 colt revolver in a western holster.  It hung low on his hip.
A song came to Billy’s mind.  An old cowboy song, called “Big Iron” by Marty Robbins.  To the town of Agua Fria rode a stranger one fine day, Billy projected to Purvis.

What is Billy doing? Kathryn thought.
Purvis walked back to a locked cabinet behind his desk and opened it.  He pulled out the katana sword Billy had found in Midland.  “Damn!  That’s one hell of a toothpick,” Purvis said as he pulled the silver blade free of its sheath.  He began to hum a tune.
Hardly spoke to folks around him didn't have too much to say, Billy pushed with his mind.
Purvis hummed louder.  “You any good with this, four eyes?” he asked Billy.
No one dared to ask his business no one dared to make a slip, Billy projected, then said, “Haven’t had it long…”

George stared at the deputy.  He could almost place the tune the man hummed – an old cowboy song.

For the stranger there amongst them had a big iron on his hip.
“For the stranger there amongst them had a big iron on his hip.  Big iron on his hip,” Purvis sang.  He lay the sword on his desk and walked to Billy’s cell.  “I don’t like you much.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Billy said.  You’re faster than me.
“You know, I’ll bet I can draw my gun faster than you can swing that butter knife,” Purvis said.
“No doubt,” Billy answered.  “I haven’t had the sword long.”
Purvis opened the cell door and backed up to his desk, “I’ll tell you what.  Why don’t we put it to a test?”  He picked up the sword and tossed it underhanded toward Billy.
Billy caught it upside down by the hand grip, the blade extended down toward the floor, the sharp edge turned toward the deputy.  Billy stepped out of the cell.
“Hey, now.  Hang on a minute.  This is hardly fair,” Kathryn said.
Billy closed to within ten feet of the deputy, still holding the blade point down.
“That’s close enough,” Purvis said, his hand hung motionless two inches above the butt of the .44.  He was smiling.
“Purvis, I’m going to give you an option.  Unbuckle that gun belt and let it drop to the floor…” Billy said.
“And the rangers aim was deadly with the big iron on his hip,” Purvis sang.
Billy might have been able to persuade him telepathically, but if Purvis was guilty of even half of what Billy thought he was…
“Draw,” Purvis said and his hand dropped to the revolver.
In truth, Purvis drew the gun and aimed it from his hip faster than Billy could swing the katana; but, Purvis was aiming at a point in space Billy no longer occupied.
Billy had crossed the ten foot gap between them and stood directly to the right of Purvis as he levelled the gun.  The katana’s blade skimmed along the deputy’s side, slicing through his shirt and the skin between two of his ribs.  The blade bit deep and severed the lower half of the man’s right lung before exiting.
For an instant, Purvis’s mind cleared.  As the ruined lung collapsed, he tried to understand why he had made such a stupid mistake.
Billy turned on his heel and spun the katana around one hundred eighty degrees so that the blade pointed at the ceiling.  He chopped down hard, pulling the blade toward him in a sawing motion at the same time.
The sword sliced off Purvis’s right hand just behind the wrist – hand and .44 Colt tumbled to the floor.
Purvis’s wide eyes shifted to look at Billy.
I’m sorry, Billy projected as he raised the sword to shoulder level and swung it like a baseball bat.
Purvis’s head toppled from his shoulders and his body fell to the floor.
The room was silent.  George and Kathryn just stared at Billy, their mouths open.
Billy knelt and wiped the blood from the katana blade with a clean section of Purvis’s shirt.  The blade gleamed in the light of the jail.  It’s been hungry, Billy thought.
“Billy, are you all right?” Kathryn whispered.
He looked up at them and smiled, “Yeah.  I’ll get you out in a second.”
“Somebody could come in any second,” George said.
Billy stood up and picked the cell keys up from the desk, “No.  There’s nobody near.  I’d feel them if they were.”  He opened Kathryn’s cell.
“The sword… how did you know how to do that?” Kathryn asked.
Billy looked down at the sword in his hand as he unlocked George’s cell, “It’s eight hundred years old.  Forged near Hokaido.  I know everything that everyone knew who ever picked it up – from the craftsman who made it, to the samurais who used it, to the thieves who stole it.”
Kathryn wondered at the power of Billy’s psychic gift, “You knew all that from the minute you picked it up?”
Billy nodded.
“And the deputy?  You ‘influenced’ him… brainwashed him into giving you the opportunity…” George said as he stepped out of his cell.
“Yeah.  He had the weakest mind out of the lot,” Billy said as he opened the steel cabinet behind Purvis’s desk and began recovering their weapons.
George snatched up his H&K submachine gun and pressed his lips to the cold metal.  “Hello, baby, did you miss me?”
Kathryn rolled Purvis’s body onto its back.  A gold chain gleamed around the stump of the deputy’s neck.  She slipped it off and pulled it free from his shirt.  A medallion hung from the chain – a circular disk about three inches across.
The disk was inscribed with runes and in the center was the head of a creature with a skull shaped like a reptile or perhaps some strange antediluvian fish.  Tentacles extended from the back of its head and from its mouth.
“Recognize it?” Billy asked.
Kathryn stared at it and shook her head, “It looks… familiar somehow.  I just can’t quite place it.”
“What about the Runes?” George asked.
“No.  Again, they look familiar, almost Arabic… but, they’re just nonsense.”
George looked at Billy, “What do we do now?”
“They didn’t want us anywhere near the arena – so, that’s where we’re heading,” Billy said.
“What about him?” Kathryn said, pointing to the corpse.
“Leave him where he fell,” Billy said and they went out into the Texas night.
 
Lynchburg, Virginia
The echo of Ray’s scream had barely died when Rebecca burst through his bedroom door, the Winchester held low with a round chambered.  She dropped it to the floor when she realized Ray’s scream was from an internal pain, not an intruder.
The man was tangled in his bed sheets that were becoming dyed a bright crimson from seeping blood.
“Ray!  What happened?” Rebecca said as she climbed onto the bed beside him.
“The stump… something wrong,” he croaked.
Rebecca carefully pulled his white tee shirt over his head.  The stump of Ray’s left arm was oozing red blood onto the bed.  The stump somehow looked… longer than before.
“Barbatas squeezed it the other day.  I think… he did something to me,” Ray wheezed.
Rebecca watched it grow another half inch as Ray screamed in fresh pain.
 
Pecos, Texas
“I can’t sense anything beyond the doors of the arena,” Billy said.  The three of them stood in an alley directly across from the domed structure.
“It’s able to block you?” Kathryn whispered.
“Yes.  But there’s something else…” Billy sighed, his mind reaching out to the buildings around it.  “There.  The building to the left of the arena.  There are people inside.  Women and children mostly.  They’re afraid.”
“We should…” Kathryn turned to tell George, but he was already walking toward the building Billy had pointed out.
The building had one guard who was more concerned with making sure nobody got out – no one had ever tried to break in.  The guard never even reached for his gun as George walked up to him and struck him repeatedly between the eyes with the butt of the H&K.
“George!” Kathryn hissed at him from the street.  “There could be more of them.  Slow down!”
“No.  There was only one,” Billy said as he led the way into the old hotel.  The prisoners were held in the ballroom – over sixty parents and well over one-hundred twenty children.
The smell in the room was overwhelming.  No one here had bathed in a very long time.  Billy, Kathryn, and George entered the room through the big double doors.  The women immediately formed a circle around the children in the middle of the room – the few men, dressed in rags, malnourished, bruised and bloody advanced on the three strangers.
They think we’ve come for the children, Billy thought.  How many times have they fought and lost?
George held up his hands, “Don’t be afraid.  We’ve come to help you.”
The men stopped, confused.
“It’s going to be all right.  We’ve come to rescue you,” Billy said.
One of the men dropped to his knees and cried, “Oh, thank God…”
The crowd moved toward them as one, touching their clothes.  “We knew someone would come…”

“Most of us were passing through, on our way West to California,” a woman said, balancing a toddler on her knee.  “When we realized what this place actually was, it was too late.”
“How long have you been here?” Billy asked.
“Some of us have been here seven years,” one of the men said.
“They breed us like cattle,” another woman said.  She stared down at the floor.  “Then they take the children.  It used to be only one per month…”
“On the night of the new moon…” the first woman said.
“But, now it’s more often.  Lately, it’s been every two weeks.  One little girl they took tonight,” the man said.  “To punish her mother for running…”
“The woman from the interstate,” Kathryn said.
“Do they take the children to the arena?” George asked, he was checking the slide mechanism of the H&K.
“Yes, they give them to the beast,” the first woman said.
“What beast?” Billy asked.
“They say it’s some kind of old god.  They call it Cthulhu,” the man said.
Kathryn gasped in recognition.  She looked at Billy and motioned for him and George to follow her.
Away from the crowd, Kathryn looked grim.
“You know about this Cthulhu?” George asked.
“Oh, yeah.  It’s all beginning to make sense now,” Kathryn said.
“What is it?” Billy asked.
“Monstrous sea creature, big as a battleship, covered in tentacles…” she said.
“Great,” Billy said.
“… and totally fictitious,” Kathryn said.
“What?” George asked.
“It’s a made up creature.  A writer named H.P. Lovecraft wrote a whole series of short stories about it in the first quarter of the twentieth century,” she said.
“Maybe he only claimed it was fictitious…” Billy said.
“No.  It’s pure imagination, Billy.  I promise you.  Cthulhu never existed anywhere except in the imaginations of Lovecraft and his writer friends.  No.  That’s no elder god across the street.”
“Then what is it?” George asked.
“I think it’s a witch.  A very old, very powerful witch,” she said.
“Why does it need the children?” Billy asked.
Kathryn frowned.  She didn’t want to answer the question.
“Kathryn?” Billy asked again.
She looked weak.  “These children… they’re unbaptized…”
“So?” George asked.
“An unbaptized child is… useful.  They’re used in very powerful magic…” Kathryn said, her voice barely above a whisper.
“I don’t guess we have to wonder how you would know that,” George spat.
Kathryn looked up at Billy, “You know I would never do…”
He squeezed her hand, “I know.  I know you wouldn’t.  This witch, this is how he keeps the cloud open, isn’t it?”
Kathryn nodded.
“Then let’s go kill the bastard,” George said.
Kathryn looked at him pleadingly, “You think you’re just going to waltz in there and take out a witch that powerful?”
“We’ve faced tougher…” George said.
“No.  We haven’t,” Kathryn said.  “This witch could kill you with just a few lines of Latin.  And the odds are, you’d never even see it coming.”
“What do you propose, Kathryn?” Billy asked.
“We have to go in as if we’re going to fight this Cthulhu.  We can’t let the witch think that we’ve seen through his illusion,” Kathryn said.
“Then when he’s distracted, we kill the man behind the curtain,” Billy said.  “Just like some twisted version of the Wizard of Oz.”
“It’s our only chance,” Kathryn said.
“Then let’s get moving.  The kid they took earlier might still be alive,” George said and he walked toward the door.
“George, there’s something else we have to do,” Billy said.
“What?”
Kathryn looked at George, “We might fail, George.”
“So?”
“These children will be unprotected,” Billy said.  “The mayor and sheriff will offer them up as sacrifices after we’re dead.”
“Then let’s get them out of here…” George said.
“That’s not what they need, George,” Kathryn said.  “They need to be baptized.”
George shook his head slowly, “Don’t ask me…”
“George, they won’t be safe unless you do,” Billy said.
“God is dead.  I don’t have any faith left,” George said.
“What if you’re wrong, George?” Kathryn said.
He stared at them – looked beyond them to the children and parents who watched him.
Billy walked to his side.  George did not resist as Billy took the H&K from him.
George reached into his jacket.  He pulled Cora Latham’s tattered Bible from the pocket.
“What do you need?” Billy asked.
George’s eyes were far away, “I’ll need water.  A bucket or pan full should do.”  He looked Billy in the eye, “I don’t believe in God anymore, Billy.”
“They do, Father,” Billy said.  “I’ll get the water.”
The crowd was already moving toward him.  Murmurs spread through the group, “Is he a priest?  He can’t be.  There aren’t any left.”  They formed a circle around George.
George opened the Bible without looking at it, then looked down at the page.  He had done this many times before – it was superstitious of him in a way.  He always liked to open the Bible at random and see what God wanted him to read.  He read the passage, then re-read it, and finally read it aloud, “Suffer the little children to come unto Me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God…”

Billy and Kathryn stood back at the door and watched as George baptized the children one by one, drawing the symbol of the cross on each forehead.  They had explained why the children needed to be baptized and as George said the words In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit, Billy could feel the tension and fear in each of the adults begin to fade.
He could sense the change in George Leeds as well.  George’s anger was subsiding, little by little.  Being replaced with… what? Billy thought.
“He must have been quite a priest,” Kathryn said.
Billy nodded.  “I don’t remember falling asleep on Sundays.”
“You realize, it was his lack of faith that saved him, don’t you?”
“How so?”
“Faith is like a homing beacon to the demons.  It infuriates them.  They would have tracked him down and killed him.”
“You think that’s why he survived?”
Kathryn chewed her fingernail, “Don’t you?”
“I don’t know.  But, I know this.  He may not have any faith – but those people have hope now,” Billy said and nodded toward the crowd.  “And that’s a lot more than they had half an hour ago.”
George baptized the last child, and turned toward his two companions.
One of the men stepped in front of him, “Wait.  Where are you going?”
George slipped the Bible back in his pocket, “It’s done.”
“But, what about us?  What about the adults?”
“What about you?”
“Aren’t you going to baptize us, Father George?” a woman asked.
“You’re in no danger…” George said.
The adults looked at each other in confusion, ”Have we done something wrong, Father?  Is God punishing us?”
“No!  Why would you ask such a thing?  You’re innocent victims…”
“Then why won’t you baptize us, Father?” a woman asked.  Her eyes were filled with tears.
George turned and looked at Billy.  Am I a hypocrite? George thought.
Billy caught the thought and answered it, If you truly believe you are, walk away from them.
George sighed and turned back to face the prisoners.  “Of course I will baptize you.  All of you.  It was thoughtless of me to forget.  Please, forgive me,” he said and pulled out the Bible to begin again.

“The jail is three blocks that way,” Billy said.  Three of the male prisoners listened attentively as he spoke.  “Once we’re in the arena, go to the jail and get all the guns and ammunition you can find.  There’s plenty there.  Then come back here and wait on us to come out.  If we aren’t out within an hour, steal some trucks and get the hell out of here.  There’s a truck stop east of here near Midland.  You’ll be safe there.”
“What if the townspeople try to stop us?” one of the men asked.
“Kill them,” Billy said.
The men looked horrified.
“Listen,” Billy said.  “Every person in this town who isn’t a prisoner is your enemy.  Get your kids and yourselves out of here, no matter how many of these bastards you have to kill.”
The men nodded.
Billy walked over to George and Kathryn.  They stood on the street and looked at the entrance to the arena.  “Giant imaginary sea monster, huh?” Billy asked.
“Yep.  It drives you insane then eats you,” Kathryn said.
Billy flipped his wrists downward and the twin Berettas dropped into his hands.  The laser sights winked on and painted two red dots on the dark sidewalk.  “It’ll be daylight in two hours.”
“Not if we’re successful,” George said.
“Good point,” Kathryn said as they climbed the steps toward the doors.  “Remember, once we step across the threshold, everything will be illusion.  Don’t trust your senses – and, whatever you do, don’t fire a weapon unless I tell you to.  The witch can make you think you’re shooting at an enemy, but you’ll actually be shooting at each other.”
Billy looked at her in astonishment, “Then how will we…”
She smiled at him, “Trust me.  I know what I’m doing.”
They opened the doors, stepped through, and left Pecos, Texas far behind.
 
Charlottesville, Virginia
“My compliments, Elder.  A great accomplishment,” Barbatas said.  He stood in his reptilian form looking down at the doorway to Hell.  They had powered up the device opened it another foot in diameter.
“Another few days, and we will have opened it wide enough to begin moving demon troops back to this side,” the Elder Vampire said.
“Good.  I grow weary of this place.  This occupation has gone on far too long.  It is time to end this and fulfill the prophecy,” Barbatas said.
“Speaking of which, how goes your search for the witch?”
Barbatas smiled, “We’ve tracked them to a truck stop in Texas.  She is still in the company of this Murphy.  They left there early yesterday morning.”
“Do you have any idea where they have gone?”
Barbatas held up his left hand, a fat tarantula sat on his palm, “No.  But they left something behind.”
The Elder cocked her head to the side and looked at his palm, “A spider?”
“An act of compassion, you see it was in Mr. Murphy’s room.  He could have killed it, yet he decided to take pity on it.  He placed a glass over top of it and trapped it.  Fortunately, he forgot to release it before he left.  I’ve been waiting for just such a mistake,” Barbatas said as he stared into the spider’s eight eyes.
“I’m afraid I don’t understand.”
Barbatas closed his fingers around the spider and crushed it, “The spider saw things, heard things, and remembers things.”  The demon opened his great jaws and swallowed the pieces of the tarantula.
The elder smiled, “You can see what it saw?”
Barbatas’s reptilian eyes turned in their sockets as he chewed.  After a while, he smiled, “Yes, I can see…”
 
Somewhere
Billy, George and Kathryn stood on the rocky shore of a great sea.  The sky above was grey and foreboding, the sea was rough with treacherous waves.  Behind them, fog shrouded the mainland.  In the distance, an ocean storm brewed.
“Kathryn?” Billy asked over the crash of the surf.
“Remember what I said,” Kathryn called.
Out beyond the waves, rocks rose above the water, like the great broken stone arches of some ancient sunken cathedral.
As each wave rose, Billy could see shapes in the water.  Creatures swam within the waves, and they stared at the three intruders.
“Look, out past the rocks,” George yelled.
A dark shape was coming toward shore.  The shape grew larger as it drew near.  The smaller shapes swimming in the waves began to scatter, as if some huge predator was coming.
Cthulhu’s coming, Billy thought.  
It pushed a great wave ahead of it, and Billy knew that the water would crest at the height of the rocks they stood upon.
“We should…” George began, but his words were lost as the wave reached them, and the great form of Cthulhu exploded from the swirling grey sea.
The sea monster stood before them, a huge grey green mass of pulsating flesh as tall as a skyscraper.  Billy tried to take the sight in, to make sense of the shape of the creature, but it was no use.  It was a roiling mass of tentacles and he could not discern any other body features.
Three great tentacles whipped down and wrapped themselves around each of them before they could even scream.
The tentacles lifted them high into the air, and Billy almost did scream, but he felt words enter his mind.
Illusion, only an illusion.  It can only hurt you if you let it, Kathryn thought to him.
Billy passed the thought on to George.
“Very impressive,” Kathryn said.  She didn’t bother trying to yell her words over the sound of the wind – it was, after all, an illusion.  “I’ll bet it was very effective on the mental degenerates in this town.”
A wave of nausea passed over Kathryn.  She squinted her eyes shut, then reopened them.  Cthulhu, the sea, the wind – all were gone.  The three of them stood just inside the doors of the arena in Pecos, Texas.  “See?  Told you,” she said to her two companions.
They did not respond.  Their foreheads dripped with sweat, and they held their arms close to their bodies, as if they were being squeezed by the great tentacles.
“They can’t hear you,” a voice said.
Kathryn turned and saw a figure walk out of the shadows of the arena.
The man was thin and bald, his beard shaved into a neat red goatee.  He wore old tennis shoes, ragged jeans and a yellow t-shirt with the word Adidas written across it.
“The Great and Terrible Oz, I take it?” she asked, smiling.
“A very good book,” the man said.  “Forgive my manners, I am Oren Asarlas.”
Shock crossed Kathryn’s face, “Asarlas?  Not, the Oren Asarlas.”
“I have that distinction.  I believe you have a certain spell of mine.  The spell of sealing?” he asked.  He motioned with his hand and Kathryn’s leather jacket flew open.  The spell she had carried with her all the way from Virginia flew from her pocket and sailed across the room into the witch’s hand.
“Asarlas would be almost seven hundred years old,” Kathryn said.
“Six hundred forty-seven, to be exact,” he said as he unfolded the ancient parchment.  “Here it is.  My undoing.”
“I don’t understand…”
“I used this to close the first gateway to Hell in the fourteenth century.  Of course, had I known that bastard Pope was going to betray me, I never would have written it,” he turned the parchment in his hands as if he were going to tear it in half.
“Wait!  I didn’t know you were betrayed,” Kathryn lied.  He mustn’t tear that spell or everything was for nothing, she thought.
“The Holy See tried to close it themselves when it was discovered in Romania.  They found it didn’t respond to their prayers.  Urban VI sent a personal envoy to me, offering peace between the church and the covens if we would help him close the gate,” he said.
“I know that part.  According to the story, you created the spell of sealing, closed the doorway, and you were allowed to leave in peace,” Kathryn lied again.
“Leave in peace?  In peace!” Asarlas laughed.  “Oh, I left – but not peacefully.  You know that the closing required two parts?”
“Yes.  A prayer and a spell,” Kathryn said.
“Urban’s prayer was supposed to be to remove all evil from the face of the earth.  Every evil creature would be drawn into the gateway and then it would be sealed.  But, that’s not what his prayer said.  I said my incantation, and then in his prayer, he asked that all infernal creatures be sent to hell, along with all magical creatures and practitioners of magic…” Asarlas spat.
“Oh, no,” Kathryn whispered.
“That’s right, I caused the gateway to begin closing, and then I was swept inside with all the rest of the ‘undesirables’.  I spent six hundred fifteen years in Hell.  Can you imagine?  The things I’ve seen?  Do you have any idea what it’s like to be a living person in Hell?”
“You haven’t aged,” Kathryn said, looking at his unlined face.
“Nothing ages there.  Not physically, anyway,” Asarlas said, staring down at the parchment.
“You’re working with the demons?”
Asarlas laughed, “Working with the demons?  They hate me.  I closed the gateway the first time, remember?”
“I see.”
“I’ve been tortured for centuries.  Then when the door was reopened, I slipped away, slipped through.  And, I came here,” he said.
Kathryn tried moving her left foot, but she found that she was just as immobilized as her companions.  “Why are you telling me all this?  You could have just killed me.”
“You’re a witch.  There are no other witches here,” he said looking down at his feet.
Kathryn felt a laugh rising in her throat, but she crushed it.  Here was Asarlas, probably the most powerful witch on the planet, a man who had lived through six centuries in Hell; yet, at heart he was still just some greasy kid with a hard-on and no social skills.  She smiled, “I see.  You want me.”
He looked wounded, “You make it sound dirty.”
She laughed, “It’s only dirty when it’s good.”
The six century old witch blushed bright crimson in the dim arena.
Kathryn looked directly into his eyes, “I’ll tell you what.  You help us close the gateway, and I’ll rock your world.”
“Us?  No, I’m afraid I’m going to have to kill these two,” Asarlas said and waved his hand toward Billy and George.
“Must you?  I’ve grown fond of them,” Kathryn said, her mind racing.
“They aren’t witches.  They’re just cattle,” Asarlas said.
He’s an elitist greasy kid with a hard-on and no social skills, she thought.  “If you kill them, will you help me close the gateway?”
“I want the demons gone as much as you do,” Asarlas said.
“Can I kiss the younger one goodbye first?”
“What?”
“The younger one.  We’re lovers.  I just want to kiss him one last time,” she said.
Asarlas frowned, “Do it quick.”  He released her.
Kathryn felt her body loosen as the paralysis spell was removed.  She smiled sweetly at Asarlas and walked over to Billy’s motionless form.  He stared straight ahead, his right arm outstretched pointing the Beretta at a point on the wall, a point he thought was a monster.
She pressed her body against him, her breasts crushing against his chest, her arms wrapping around his neck.  Kathryn stared into his unfocused eyes, then pressed her lips to his.

Billy hung in midair.  A moment earlier he had been staring at the mass of Cthulhu, now Kathryn was being squeezed against him by the tentacle.  She was kissing him deeply her tongue probing deep in his mouth, she opened her eyes.
Kathryn, what…, Billy projected.
She closed her eyes and kissed him harder.  Move your right arm three inches to the right and fire twice, she thought.
But, there’s nothing there…
Trust me, she thought.
He fired.
The three of them fell to the floor in the arena.  A few feet away, Oren Asarlas lay flat of his back, two black holes above the bridge of his nose.
Kathryn stood up and walked over to the body, “Sorry, Oren.  I may be damned, but I keep better company than the likes of you.”
George sprinted into the main room of the arena beyond the body.
Billy walked over to Kathryn.
She looked up and smiled, “Nice pattern.  You’ve got pretty good aim, considering…”
George emerged from the depths of the arena, carrying a sobbing toddler, “There now.  It’s all right.  We’ll find your Mommy.”
Billy looked down at the body, “Who was he?”
“Nobody important, I’ll tell you later,” Kathryn said as she pulled the spell of sealing from Asarlas’s dead hand and replaced the parchment in her jacket pocket.
The three of them walked out onto the steps of the arena.  Dawn had risen, but the demon cloud above them was beginning to close, plunging them back into twilight.
The tires of the sheriff’s car screeched as it skidded to a stop in front of the steps.  The driver’s side door opened.
George whispered to the little girl in his arms, “Don’t look, honey.”
The sheriff was drawing his weapon as he climbed out, but he was not as fast as Billy.  The Berettas roared as he put a bullet in each of the man’s kneecaps, then fired a third into his lower abdomen.  The skinny man crumpled to the ground.
The passenger door opened and the mayor stood up, his body protected by the car.  “See what you have done?  You’ve destroyed this town!”
Billy looked up, the last glimmering rays settled on his eyelids, warming them.  He smiled.  “This town was destroyed before we got here.  You destroyed yourselves.”
“What will we do now?” the mayor screamed.
Billy pointed behind the mayor.  “They’ll decide that.  It’s their town now.”
The mayor turned.  The prisoners stood, pistols, shotguns, and rifles pointed at him.  Some turned the children away so they would not see.
“You… you have to understand.  It was a logical choice.  The price was high, but I had to look to the good of the community as a whole,” he turned back to Billy.  “Murphy, tell them.  Tell them.  We did what we had to.  For the love of God, help me!”
“For the love of God,” Billy echoed.
And the prisoners fired.
 
Lynchburg, Virginia
Rebecca sat on the wood floor, her knees drawn against her chest.  She rocked herself slowly.
Ray was finally, thankfully quiet.  He lay sprawled on the bed.  His new left arm, pale white in the light from the approaching dawn, hung over the edge.
Rebecca stared at the arm, and wished for the thousandth time that Billy was there to help them.

Part Five: New Mexico

As geographers, Sosius, crowd into the edges of their maps parts of the world which they do not know about, adding notes in the margin to the effect that beyond this lies nothing but sandy deserts full of wild beasts…
- Plutarch, The Life of Theseus

When all the world dissolves,
And every creature shall be purified,
All places shall be hell that are not heaven…
- Christopher Marlowe, Faustus

If you desire faith, then you have faith enough.
- Elizabeth Barrett Browning

Chapter 24
The big Cadillac rumbled along Interstate 10 outside Mesquite, New Mexico.  They’d passed the burned out hulk of El Paso an hour before.  Soon, the empty road would turn sharply west toward Arizona and California beyond.
Billy drove, his left hand holding the bottom of the steering wheel.  George snored in the passenger seat.  
Kathryn lay across the back seat, her bare feet hanging over the side of the car, “You know what I miss?  Ice cream.  I haven’t had ice cream in eight years.”
“Wouldn’t know.  I’m lactose intolerant,” Billy said.
“Sucks being you,” Kathryn said, kicking at the back of his head with her right foot.
“I’m not the one missing ice cream.  Who does it suck being now?” Billy laughed.
She pondered this for a second, “Guess you’ve got a point.  Rocky road.  Oh, what I wouldn’t give…”
George turned to look in the back seat at her, “Sell your soul for it?”
She held up the middle finger of her right hand, “And the horse you rode in on, padre.”
George laughed, shaking his head.
They’re bickering, but at least they don’t hate each other anymore, Billy thought.

It followed along behind them, cruising through the thick demon cloud.  The mist was opaque to human sight, but the creature’s eyes saw in the infrared – the mist was completely transparent to its keen eyes.
The three below careened along the interstate, not knowing what lay ahead.  But, from its height, the creature could see the fate that awaited them.  It stopped flapping its great wings for a moment and pulled the leathery membranes closer in.  The creature began to drop through the mist, toward the Cadillac.
I can warn them, it thought.  Save them from what lies in the west.
It thought these things for a moment, and then began to beat its wings again.  No, it thought.  Some things must be experienced no matter the risk.  The creature rose and veered toward the west.  There it would wait and watch.

Billy looked up at the clouds above them.
“Something wrong?  I’ve seen you staring at the clouds several times on this trip,” George said.
“Something has been following us through the whole trip,” Billy said.
“’Tis God and all his angels watching over us,” Kathryn said in a practiced Irish brogue.
“Well, if it is, they’re doing a lousy job,” George said.
“We’re alive aren’t we, padre?” Kathryn said.
“By the skin of our teeth, hellspawn,” George said.
Kathryn opened her mouth to say something witty, but the words never came.  At that instant, the world turned upside down.
Physics is strange, she thought.  Lying in the back, she wasn’t wearing her seatbelt, but she moved with the seat as the Cadillac left the ground.  The impact had come from the left side, rolling the convertible into the air as it continued to move forward at sixty miles per hour.
Kathryn could see the road passing under them as they tumbled.  A pair of wire rimmed glasses floated through the air toward her.  She snatched them in mid-flight.  Billy’s, she thought.  He’ll need these.
The grey-black of the pavement turned into the yellow of the desert sand as the Cadillac sailed through the dry desert air.  The forward motion of the car had slowed since the tires were no longer in contact with the ground, indeed would not be again at their present attitude.  It occurred to her that she should cast a spell to cushion their fall.
“Valefar…” she began, but her voice was cut short as the Cadillac ceased its graceful aerial ballet and crashed into the desert floor.  The world around her went black.
 
Lynchburg, Virginia
Ray sat at the kitchen table and looked at his pale white left arm, “It’s got to come off.”
Rebecca dropped a dish in the sink and stared at him wide eyed, “What?”
Ray held the arm up and looked at the fish belly white fingers, “It’s not right.  It’s not natural.  Demons don’t give gifts without strings.”
“How do you know it was the demon?  Maybe it’s just more magic coming through from the other side,” Rebecca said, but she knew in her heart this wasn’t true.
Ray continued to stare at the arm, “I’ve been without this arm for forty years, but it doesn’t feel like the old one.  Not at all.”  He looked at her, “If I take it off, will you help me?”
Rebecca nodded.
 
Outside Carne, NM
Billy opened his eyes.  He was staring at the surface of a rust colored boulder two inches in front of his face.  The Cadillac had come to rest upside down, the crumpled dash balanced on a boulder five feet in circumference.
Three inches, Billy thought.  Three inches more and his head would have broken open like a watermelon on the boulder.
The car was lying on its top at a thirty degree angle, the front end balanced on the bumper, the crumpled rear resting on the ground.
George moaned from the passenger side, unlocked his seat belt and tumbled to the sand.
Billy followed him and together they rolled out from under the car.  “What the hell happened?”
“Whatever it was, it hit the driver’s side,” George said.  “I was looking off to the right when it happened.”
“Kathryn!” Billy called.
There was no response.
Billy crawled back underneath the car.
She was there, face down on the sand, the back seat lying on top of her.  Blood covered the sand by her head.
“Kathryn, can you hear me?” Billy asked as he crawled closer to her.  He held his hand in front of her nose.  She was still breathing, but her eyes were closed.  He shook her shoulder gently.
The woman did not move.
“George, she’s unconscious,” Billy said as he crawled out.
George Leeds was searching through the tangle of equipment that had been scattered around the car when it flipped.
“George?”
George said nothing, but pointed away into the desert.
Billy strained to see, his glasses were gone and he couldn’t make out the dark shape that stood in the desert on the other side of the road, “What is it?”
“God as my witness, I don’t have a clue,” George said.  He pulled a gun from the tangle, a heavy Weatherby rifle.  The bolt slid back, revealing, as George had hoped, that the rifle was loaded.  He closed the bolt and sighted through the scope.
The monstrosity that had rammed them stood in the desert on the other side of the road two hundred yards away.  It was a demon.  George was sure of that, but it was unlike any demon he had ever seen.  It was the size of an elephant, with huge curling black horns on each side of its bull-like head.  It walked on four massive reptilian legs.
In the distance, it snorted.  Dust rose up in front of it like a cyclone.
George centered the crosshairs just to the right of what he thought was its breast bone.  He let out his breath and then squeezed the trigger.
The recoil was incredible.  George had only fired the Weatherby once during a target practice session.  The kick had been painful then and it was painful now.
The demon beast staggered and roared.
George looked back through the scope at the creatures hide.  There was no hole, no spouting of blood.  He hadn’t missed, couldn’t have missed.  The bullet, an armor piercing round, had struck the demon full on at two hundred yards and had bounced off.
“Oh, my God,” George said and dropped the Weatherby.
“What is it?” Billy asked, the sound of the shot still echoing in his brain.
“It’s a demon the size of a freight train.  An armor piercing round didn’t even phase it.  We’re going to die,” George said, frantically searching through the remaining equipment for anything he could use.
“What about the rocket launcher?”
“I used the last rocket the day we left Lynchburg,” George said.
Billy began crawling under the car, “We have to get Kathryn out of here.  Maybe we can hide in the boulders.”
George turned and looked at the demon beast.  It was pacing back and forth.
Billy crawled in close to Kathryn, “Kathryn, come on.  I need you to wake up.”
She was silent.
Billy grasped her shoulders and pulled as gently as he could.  She moved a few inches, and then stopped.  Billy crawled farther back, “Oh, no.”
Kathryn’s left foot was pinned by the ankle under the crushed car.
“George, she’s pinned,” Billy said.
“How bad?”
“Her left foot is pinned in the wreckage.  It won’t budge.”
George winced, “It’s getting ready to charge us, Billy.  You need to get to the rocks.”
“I won’t leave her, George,” Billy said.
George had known he would say it.  As hard as it was to admit, he couldn’t leave her either.  Catch-22, he thought.
He put his hands in the pockets of his jacket.  His fingers touched the smooth, weathered surface of the book.
“Why are you just pacing out there?” George shouted to the beast.  “What are you waiting for?”
It stared at him and roared – a deep bass rumbling that vibrated through the boulders.  The beast began to pace again.
“You’re afraid,” George whispered.  “Why?  What are you afraid of?”  He pulled the Bible from his pocket.
“Is it this?” he screamed.  “Are you afraid of this?  It’s a book, you stupid son of a bitch.  I don’t believe a word of it!”
The beast pawed the ground, kicking up a plume of dust.
“You hear me?” George yelled at the sky.  “You’re nothing but a God of pain!  You took away everything I ever loved.  Why should I turn to you now?”
He turned and looked at Billy, who was frantically digging at the shifting sand, trying to free Kathryn’s foot.
For them, George thought.  That was why.  That was the reason.  He began to walk toward the beast.
The creature galloped toward him.
He had blessed the church in Tennessee because the old woman had needed it.  He had blessed the fire sprinkler water in Arkansas to save Billy and Kathryn.  He had baptized the children of Midland, Texas to save them from the evil in the town.
It wasn’t about him.  It never had been.
The beast crossed the interstate in two bounds.
Behind him, George heard Billy calling his name.
Alright, alright, he thought.  I can’t run away any more from what You want.  You sent this whale after me.  Show me what You’ve got.
The beast closed the distance between them.  
It was so close now that George could hear the great booming breaths that erupted from the creature’s nostrils.
George walked slowly toward it, the Bible clasped firmly in his right hand.
Two feet away, the beast seemed to strike an invisible wall.  Its body swelled around George, and then disintegrated into a million pieces.
George Leeds’s eyes rolled back in his head, and he fell face forward onto the yellow sand.

The Dream of Saint George
“God says this was a perfect day,” his daughter said as she arced up in the playground swing.  
George stood behind her, his hand launching her higher in the swing as she descended.  “Do you talk to God here?” he asked.
The playground was deserted except for them.  The sky was azure blue, puffy white clouds flew overhead.
This is a dream, George thought.  She’s the same age as she was the day she was killed, eight years ago.
“I thought it was a dream at first, too,” she said, brown hair flying forward, then back as she was launched skyward.
“You read minds now?” George asked, a smile on his face.
“No!” she said with a laugh, her feet digging into the ground, bringing herself to a stop.  She looked at him, her eyes much older than the eight year old face that surrounded them.  “I just sort of… knew.”
“I see,” he said.  But, he didn’t, not really.  George decided to stop questioning this miracle, and just accept it.
“God says you’re angry with him,” she said, looking down at the dust on her tennis shoes.
“Yes.  I am,” George said.  He sat in the swing beside hers, turned so he could face her.
“I understand.  I was angry with God too.”
George smiled, “Why were you angry?”
“Because He took you away from Mommy and me,” she said.  “Why are you mad at Him?”
“Because He hurt you and Mommy,” George said, the tears beginning to well in his eyes.
She looked confused, “No, He didn’t.”
“Don’t you remember?  The night the demons came?”
Her eyes opened wide, “I was asleep, and something woke me.  I looked up, and…”
George nodded, “And then?”
“I was here,” she said.
George stood up from the swing, knelt in front of his daughter, “You don’t remember the demons?”
“No.”
“Does Mommy remember them?” George asked.
“No one remembers them.  God says that was part of the Rapture…”
George looked up into the sky, “All these years, you were the ones that were saved.  I was the one who was left behind…”
“God says He’s real sorry about that.  He says He needed you to stay behind, just for a while.”
“Is God here?” George asked.
“Of course, God’s everywhere.  You just have to believe.”
“Will He forgive me for hating Him?” George asked.
She looked to the side, looked at a spot where George could see nothing but empty air.  She nodded and smiled, “God says that what’s in the past is in the past.  You have things to do now.”
George smiled, the tears beginning to flow, “Will I be able to see Him?”
She smiled and nodded.
And, George could see.  He could see everything.

Chapter 25
The desert clouds had begun to rumble, and they poured out their contents on the three people in the sand.  The red-headed witch stood on one foot, holding her twisted ankle up.
The thin man knelt over his friend who still lay face down in the sand.
The rain soaked them.
“Tell me he isn’t dead,” Kathryn whispered.
“No, he has a pulse.  I think maybe he…” Billy said, and then he fell backward onto the sand.
George rose onto his knees, raised his upper body.  He turned his face skyward, the rain washing the sand from his cheeks.  And, the Reverend George Leeds began to laugh and cry at the same time.
Kathryn stumbled backward at the sound, “Jesus.”
George stopped laughing long enough to say, “Don’t blaspheme.” And, then continued to chuckle.
Billy took his arm and raised him to his feet, “George, are you all right?”
George smiled, “Yes.  Yes, I’m all right now.”  He turned and grasped Billy’s shoulders, “We’re all going to be all right now.”
“Billy, think maybe he hit his head?” Kathryn hissed.
George threw his head back and laughed at that, “In a way, maybe I did.”  He walked away from the pair toward the crushed car and the road.  “Guess we walk from here.”
Kathryn looked at Billy, “Aren’t you even going to ask how he killed Demonzilla?”
“George, where are you going?” Billy yelled.
“California.  What about you?” George called back as he turned west and began to walk down the shoulder of the road.

Lynchburg, Virginia
Ray and Rebecca stood looking at the kitchen table.  They had laid out the “medical instruments”: a bone saw Ray used to cut rib roasts, several small sharp knives, a basin of water, three bottles of vodka, a bottle of tequila, a suture kit, and several syringes full of Novocain that Ray had once scavenged from an abandoned dentist’s office.
“Are you sure about this?” Rebecca asked.  Her small hands shook as she looked at the display.
“Hell no,” Ray said.
“You could die.”
“I have a feeling this demon arm will definitely kill me.  Probably strangle me in my sleep,” Ray said.  He was leaning on the pale left arm.  So far, it was obeying his thoughts, but for how long?
“I don’t know if I can do this, Ray,” Rebecca said.
He stroked her golden hair, “Yes, you can, honey.  You’re stronger than you know.”
“I’m scared.”
“You think you’re scared?  A man should not have to lose his left arm twice in one lifetime,” Ray said.
“You never told me how you lost it the first time,” Rebecca said.  
“Bizarre incident with a pet hamster,” Ray said.
“Ray – not the time,” Rebecca said through clenched teeth.
“My father.  He got drunk one night, started beating me.  He was so drunk, he didn’t realize he broke my upper arm in four places.”
“My God,” Rebecca said.
“We lived out in the mountains, and he didn’t want anyone to know what he had done.  By the time they got me to the hospital, I had gangrene.”
“That’s horrible.”
“Probably saved my life,” Ray said.
“How’s that?”
“They put him in prison.  By the time he got out, I was too big for him to mess with,” Ray said.  “I need you to help me cut this arm off now, Rebecca.”
“Okay… Ray?”
“Yes, Rebecca.”
“You’re a very good father.”
Ray smiled, still looking at the knives, “I love you too.”

Outside Lordsburg, NM
Billy and Kathryn had walked for several hours behind George.  They had watched the horizon the entire time, frightened that they would see another hulking “demonzilla” in the distance.
George never looked away from the road they walked on.
In Deming, they had found an old pickup truck.  Kathryn had charged the battery with a few words of Latin, and they had set out for the New Mexico / Arizona state line.
“What do you think happened back there?” Kathryn asked.  Billy was driving, Kathryn sat in the passenger side, and George was sitting in the truck bed, his back to the cab.
“I don’t know.  Something about George destroyed it,” Billy said.
“Maybe it was the Bible…”
Billy shook his head, “You don’t believe that any more than I do – I’ve tried using a Bible against one.  It doesn’t work.”
Kathryn looked back over her shoulder at George. He was sitting in the truck bed, face turned toward the sky.  “He frightens me a little.”

Lynchburg, Virginia
“Can you feel that?” Rebecca asked as she poked the tip of one of the sharp knives against Ray’s upper arm.  The division between Ray’s dark skin and the beginning of the pale demon arm was easy to discern.
“No, the Novocain is working.  Tequila is working pretty good too,” Ray said.  He was lying on his back on the kitchen table.  He tipped back the bottle of Cuervo and drank.
Rebecca smiled, but her eyes betrayed her fear.
Ray let out a long breath, “Start by cutting with the small knife, long incision.  You’re looking for the major blood vessels…”
She stroked his forehead, “I know, Ray.  I have the medical book right here.”  
“Sorry,” he said.
“What I need is for you to stop moving your arm,” Rebecca said as she moved the pale appendage back onto the table.
Ray stared at her, “I’m not moving it.”
Ray’s demon arm moved again.  It slid itself closer to the edge of the table.
“We need a hammer and nails,” Ray said.
At the sound of his voice, the fingers of the demon hand spread out like spiders legs and grasped the edge of the table tight enough to splinter the wood.
“Rebecca!  We have to pin it to the table,” Ray yelled as he grabbed at the demon forearm.
Rebecca did not move.  She stood immobile, staring at the floor.
“Rebecca?” Ray said as he pulled at the rogue appendage.
“Barbatas est. Ego autem ad eum,” Rebecca sighed, as if she were talking in her sleep.
Ray’s Latin was rusty, but he recognized the first word.
Barbatas stood in the kitchen doorway, “Yes, child.  You do belong to me.”
She walked to him and knelt on the kitchen floor at his feet.
“Leave her alone!” Ray screamed as he yanked so hard against the arm he felt something give in his shoulder.
“Whatever were the two of you doing?” Barbatas asked as he crossed to the table.  “Knives?  My, you humans do have strange fetishes.”
Rebecca rushed to the demon’s side and knelt again.
Barbatas reached down and caressed her face, “So beautiful and ripe.  She’s going to make my Master very happy.”
Ray pulled hard, grabbed a meat cleaver with his right hand and slashed at the demon.
Barbatas stepped away, the blade missing him by a foot.  “You may as well stop struggling.  The hand will never release its grip on the table.  You will be trapped here until you are dead.”
“Motherfucker,” Ray hissed and pulled.
“I had no mother.  And my Father and I don’t see eye to eye.”
“What are you going to do to her?”
“Hmm… well, I could do anything I want.  Fuck her brains out right here in this kitchen, and then gut her in front of you.  Would you like that, Rebecca?” Barbatas asked as he turned her face roughly toward Ray.
“Yes,” Rebecca said, her voice still the sound of someone sleeping.
“No, I don’t think so… I grow weary of rape and murder.  But, here’s a thought: I’m going to take her to my Master as repayment for what you and your associate Mr. Murphy have taken from him.”
Ray looked at him, not comprehending, “What the hell are you talking about?”
Barbatas smiled, “A witch named Kathryn Adams.  Mr. Murphy is with her somewhere in the Southwest.  Kathryn is very special, a virgin pledged to the Master.”
He grabbed Rebecca by the hair and yanked her head back, “A breed sow.  But the time grows short, and the bitch is obviously not going to cooperate.  So we need another Whore of Babylon.”
“No, please… leave her alone,” Ray said.  He held out his right hand, trying to reach the girl who looked up with a smile at the demon.
“Have a nice death, Mr. Adair,” Barbatas said, as he pulled Rebecca to her feet by her hair.  The smile never left her face as he led her from the room.
“God please… take anything but her,” Ray whispered to the empty room.

Outside Lordsburg, NM
“Rebecca!” Billy screamed and slammed on the brakes. The pickup slid sideways on the asphalt.
Kathryn was thrown against the passenger door.
In the truck bed, George rolled onto his side against the steel.
“What? What’s wrong?” Kathryn said.
“He took her,” Billy said as he put the truck in park and climbed out. He took three steps from the truck and collapsed onto his knees. What have I done?
The images had come flooding into his mind, and he had experienced it all in horrifying detail. Ray, with the strange pale arm gripping the edge of the table like a vise. Rebecca’s mind blank, staring with adoration up at Barbatas.
He had stopped himself before actually touching the mind of the arch demon, knowing that, if he did, the creature would know exactly where they were.
I should never have left them, now I’ve lost them, he thought.
“No, you haven’t,” George said as he climbed down from the truck bed.
Billy looked up at George, “Barbatas took…”
Kathryn knelt beside him, “We know, you’re mind was broadcasting the whole thing to us as well.”
George’s hand was on his shoulder, “The power is stronger, isn’t it?”
Billy nodded, “They’ve done something. The doorway to hell is opening wider.”
“Then that will be their undoing,” Kathryn said. “My magic is growing stronger as well. We’ll make them pay…”
“No!” Billy said. “You don’t understand. Without her, none of it matters!”
“Billy,” Kathryn said as she squeezed his hand.
“Get away from me! I have to go back,” Billy said as he stood and walked toward the truck.
“The only way to end this is to finish what we started, Billy,” Kathryn said.
Billy gritted his teeth, “I know how to end it. I’ve seen it. I destroy them all.”
George grabbed his shoulder and spun him around, “And, everyone else? What about everyone else, Billy?”
“God’s business, not mine,” Billy said. His eyes burned with anger. “Now, take your hand off me, George, or I’ll kill you.”
“Billy!” Kathryn said.
“Quiet!” Billy said. “This is all your fault. Barbatas wouldn’t have taken her if it wasn’t for you.”
George kept his hand on Billy’s shoulder, “You’re right. You could have stayed there, and maybe you could have kept her from being taken. But, the door is opening again, Billy. The invasion is going to happen again.”
“It will be different this time,” Billy said.
“Who stood with you on that field of Armageddon, Billy? Ray? Rebecca?”
Billy swallowed hard, his voice was low, barely a whisper, “Only one man, and I’m not sure he was actually there.”
“One possible future, where you alone stand at the end of time,” George said. “There are other futures, Billy. Better ones. You need to believe that.” He looked back at Kathryn, “We have to believe that.”
Kathryn walked to them. She stood behind Billy and wrapped her hands around his waist.
Billy’s tears flowed, and the two of them held him up, “I’ve lost her. My God, I’ve lost her.”

Lynchburg, Virginia
Ray strained and pulled the table across the kitchen floor. 
The fingers of his pale left hand clamped down tighter, trying to dig the finger tips into the smooth oak.
He could feel the sensation of the fingers straining against the wood, the pain in the sinews as they strained to hold him firmly in place; however, he had no control over the appendages.
The grinding pain in his shoulder as he pulled told him that he had at least twisted the arm out of joint with his shoulder. He had possibly broken the arm at the point it had grafted itself onto the stub of his upper arm bone.
I have to get free, Ray thought. I have to get Rebecca out of this mess. 
His left arm had a mind of its own, and he prayed it couldn’t read his.
He slid the table close enough to the kitchen sink to open the doors beneath. Ray reached in and pulled out a small orange pail filled with nails and a hammer.
The left arm immediately released its grip on the table and wrapped the fingers of the left hand around Ray’s throat.
Ray stood and slammed his chest down on the table, hard.
The fingers around his throat gripped tighter and he felt close to blacking out. He reached out with his right hand and found the sink drawer. He reached inside.
God, I’m going to need serious therapy after this, Ray thought. He slid a pair of open scissors between his throat and the constricting fingers. And, then he squeezed.
His pale little and ring fingers fell onto the table, and the hand gripping his throat let loose and flopped onto the table beside the digits.
Ray breathed in loudly and screamed in pain.
Blood spurted from the severed finger stubs.
Ray brought the scissors point down as hard as he could on the open palm of his left hand and impaled it on the bloody oak.
The hand spasmed and jerked as Ray passed out.

Part Six: Arizona

Entertain a clown and you become a part of the circus…
- Unknown

The world in which you were born is just one model of reality. Other cultures are not failed attempts at being you; they are unique manifestations of the human spirit.
- Wade Davis

Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost.
- Acts 8:17

Chapter 26
Billy sat in the bed of the truck, his back to the cab, as George drove through the grey desert toward Tucson, Arizona. The rotted husks of Joshua trees and Saguaros ticked off the miles.
He reached out with his thoughts, trying to touch Rebecca’s mind. But, he could not. The momentary burst when Barbatas had taken her appeared to have been a perfect storm of psychic energy. Try as he might, he could not reach her again.
Ray also appeared to be too far away.
His mind turned to Cora Latham in Tennessee, and for an instant he felt her mind. An instantaneous feeling of compassion and understanding, followed by a single “I am so sorry,” before she faded into the background noise.
The old Cheyenne telepath at Hain’s Sword Truck Stop came through loud and clear: Watch your skinny white ass – demons have been sniffing around here, looking for you.
Are you okay? Billy had projected back.
Don’t worry about me. I got enough power flowing through me now to crush them all. Finish what you started, kid.

Lynchburg, Virginia
Ray sat on the floor and downed the last of the Tequila. He desperately wanted to be drunk for what he knew had to be done.
His left arm flopped above him, trying desperately to free itself from the scissors and half dozen nails he had added to secure it to the table.
Ray reached up and pressed the edge of the butcher knife against the line where pale skin joined dark. His screams reverberated in the small room as he began to slice.

Rebecca lay on her back on a field of grass on a beautiful, bright day. White puffy clouds sailed across a blue sky, and children laughed and played around her. She rolled onto her elbows and smiled at a little girl with brown hair playing on a swing nearby.
The girl smiled and waved back.
“A beautiful day, isn’t it?” a man asked.
She turned to see an old man sitting on a park bench that faced a harbor. Sea gulls flew around anchored ships, diving and swooping for their dinner.
The man wore a blue suit and a tweed hat, “Come and sit with me?”
Rebecca hopped to her feet and sat down beside the man, “It is a beautiful day.”
“It’s May 16th, 1982, Charleston, South Carolina. The day is beautiful, the sun is warm,” the man said as he breathed in and smiled. “Can you smell the honeysuckle?”
Rebecca closed her eyes and sniffed, “Yes, it’s beautiful.”
“Nobody dies today, Rebecca. Nowhere in the world. It’s a perfect day.”
Rebecca looked at him. His eyes were kind, with a glint of mischief and sadness, “Am I dead?”
“Why? Do you want to be?”
Rebecca shook her head, “No.”
“Good. I was hoping you might like to stay alive. I’m rooting for you, you know?”
“Are you Michael?” Rebecca asked, trying to remember how Ray had described the angel.
“Well, that’s a difficult question to answer,” the old man said. “You might say he’s like a son to me.”
Rebecca swallowed, “That makes you…”
“Very old,” the man said and laughed.
Rebecca laughed with him, it was infectious, “Is this heaven?”
“No, I told you: Charleston, South Carolina, May 16, 1982. A perfect day – one of only a few in all of history. And, do you know how many people paid attention to it?”
Rebecca shook her head.
“Nobody. No one even noticed. Suffering is what people remember. Do you remember suffering?”
Images flooded into Rebecca’s mind. She remembered walking with Barbatas through a black stone corridor into a room full of vampires. Hands lifted her into the air, and passed her through… something. She could only remember the ceiling becoming a sky, a sky of roiling black clouds, and the stench of sulphur.
“I remember…”
“Hell?”
Rebecca stared at him wide eyed. She remembered a man with long black hair and red eyes. He had put his hands on her naked body… and then she had woken up here. “He… he did…”
“Nothing, child. He did nothing, because he couldn’t do anything,” the old man said. “They tried to break the rules. You didn’t go to him of your own free will, and his bride must be pure and accepting. You are pure, but you did not go willingly.”
“So, they killed me?” Rebecca asked.
“No, they have possessed you.”

Outside Tonopah, Arizona
Kathryn leaned over the pickup engine and cursed. A few minutes earlier, the truck had died in the middle of the road.
George leaned in beside her, “Any idea what happened?”
She pointed at a cylindrical metal housing, “Alternator is shot.”
Billy stared down the road toward the west. California was only a hundred miles further. Travel would be much easier once they crossed the border due to the demon peace treaty governing the Atlantic and Pacific states. Easier, but not without peril.
Now, they were in serious danger of having to walk the hundred miles. Time, Billy thought. I’m running out of it.
George handed a duffel bag and backpack to Billy, “Up for a hike?”
The three of them walked side by side under the grey skies.
Kathryn squinted at the green and blue road sign ahead, “Tonopah… Isn’t that in a song?”
Billy nodded, “Willin’ by Little Feat.”
George smiled and sang in his deep baritone, “And I've been from Tucson to Tucumcari, Tehachapi to Tonopah… Hey, I thought that was The Grateful Dead.”
Billy shook his head, “Nope, Little Feat. And, this isn’t the right Tonopah. They’re singing about Tonopah, Nevada not Tonopah, Arizona.”

Kathryn looked at George and smiled. They had to cross Arizona, but they were starting to pull Billy back from the edge.
They paused by the exit.
Billy reached out with his mind toward the truck stop below. No lights shown through the gloom, and it appeared deserted.
“Getting anything?” George asked.
Billy shook his head, “I’m not sure. There’s something there, but I can’t quite touch it.”
“This is the last town of any size before the California border. We really don’t have much of a choice,” Kathryn said.
Billy dropped the magazine from one of his nine-millimeters. It was full. He popped it back in place. “Let’s go.”

Lynchburg, Virginia
Ray Adair was dying. He had managed to sever his connections to the pale left arm still pinned to the oak table. It still flopped about, guided by whatever intelligence Barbatas had imbued it with.
Ray had thought he could staunch the flow of blood – he had hoped that the blood vessels in the stump had not actually been connected to those of the demon arm. He had been wrong.
His blood poured onto the floor as he cut. Once he had finished the amputation and fallen onto the kitchen tile, he did not have the strength to stand up and move to the stove to cauterize the wounds.
I’m sorry, Rebecca, he thought. His clouded mind seized on her name and he rolled onto his stomach. He pushed with his feet toward the stove, sliding through the dark blood as the disembodied arm continued its thump, thump flopping on the table above.
Just a few more feet, he thought. But there was something in his way: Two small feet in muddy sneakers.
Ray reached out and touched the left leg of the person who stood over him. And, then he lost consciousness.
 
Saffron looked in horror at the scene before her: the pale arm attached to the wooden table, and Ray pulling himself through a pool of his own blood. She screamed his name and dropped to her knees, pulling Ray up and into her arms.

Tonopah, Arizona
Billy walked across the tarmac toward the gas pumps. The asphalt was totally devoid of vehicles. “Bother you guys that there are absolutely no cars here?”
“Somebody’s moved them,” Kathryn said. They had seen many abandoned truck stops on their way across the country, but none of them had been this empty.
Billy stared into the gloom to the south, “There’s something…”
The wind shifted, and a sound came with it. A whisper of music, organ music.
George stood beside him and listened, “A carnival?”
“I can smell…” Kathryn started to say.
Billy finished her sentence, “Popcorn.”
Kathryn swallowed. She desperately did not want to walk south on 411th Avenue into Tonopah. “We should check out the north side of town. Because you know, I mean you absolutely have to know that a carnival out here is not something you want to visit.”
Billy looked at George, “What do you think?”
George’s face was unreadable, “We need a car. Someone’s gone to a lot of trouble to clear all the vehicles from the truck stop.  I doubt seriously that we will find any cars in the north part of town. Either we check this out, or we walk to California.”
Billy nodded, “Okay, let’s load up.”
George looked at his feet, “I left my guns behind.”
Kathryn and Billy stared at him. “You did what?” Billy asked.
“I don’t need them anymore,” George said.
Kathryn shook her head, “Oh, I think you do…”
George smiled at her, “I can’t kill anyone. I’m sorry.”

Lynchburg, Virginia
Saffron slipped the hammer under the demon hand and pried it off the wooden table. Once free, it began to slap at her wildly.
She held it at arm’s length and swung it like a bat at the steel door to the walk in freezer.
The arm went limp.
She opened the freezer door with one hand and tossed the arm into the frozen interior.
The cold revived the arm and it skittered toward her on the three remaining fingers. 
Saffron slammed the door shut.
She leaned her back against the freezer. Ray was sitting slumped against the kitchen cabinets. She had managed to stop the worst of the bleeding, but a small pool was forming to her mate’s left.
She opened the cabinet under the sink and found what she was looking for: bleach. She poured a few cups onto the kitchen table and then washed it away with water from the sink.
Saffron wiped the table down with a towel, then tossed it and repeated the process.
Not exactly a sterile field, but it will have to do, she thought.
She pulled Ray to his feet, and then pivoted him onto the table.
Ray sat on the edge and opened his eyes, “Saffron?”
She smiled at him, “I’m here.”
“I’m so sorry,” Ray said, his eyes unfocused. “Shouldn’t have said those things to you. I love you.”
“Don’t talk. Just lie down.”

Tonopah, Arizona
The red and white big top rose from the grey field to a height of over sixty feet. Out front, a cloth sign was stretched between two upright wooden poles. At one point it had read “Portman Brother’s Circus”, but the names of the proprietors’ had been crossed out and changed with bright red paint to read: “Samedi’s Circus”.
The tent flaps were tied down. Light shown under the edges as they flapped in the strong desert wind. The sound of a circus organ wafted from the inside along with the smell of popcorn.
To the right of the sign was a portrait, ten feet tall. A clown’s face had been painted in whites and reds, on his head was black top hat. The name at the bottom read “Le Pitre Samedi.”
“Samedi, the clown. Not a carnival,” Kathryn said as they stood outside the gate. “A circus.”
Billy stared at the tent. Nothing, he could sense that something was within, but whatever it was resisted his ability to read minds. “George, do you know anything about this?”
George shook his head, “No, I don’t.”
Billy knew that something had happened to George when he faced down the demon in New Mexico. The man was different, not only because he had stopped carrying a gun. He knows something, Billy thought.
Kathryn took a step back from the gate. “Maybe we should just go around it. I mean, at best all we’re going to find in there is one of those clown cars.”
George laughed, “That would work, we’d just pile in it.”
“I really hate clowns,” Kathryn said.
Billy sighed, “One thing I’ll have to say about our trip so far.”
“What’s that?” she asked.
“We haven’t left anything behind us to give chase.”
“Nothing living that is,” George corrected.
Billy nodded, “I’ll go in. If I’m not out in five minutes, come and get me.”
“No,” George said. “We should all go.”
“He has a point, Billy,” Kathryn said.
“Okay, Kathryn and I then – but, I want you to stay behind, George.”
George stared at him for a moment, “If this is about my not carrying a gun anymore…”
Billy shook his head, “That’s part of it, but not all. I have a feeling that one or more of us need to stay out here. Call it a premonition – I’m okay with that, considering.”
George leaned against the gate post, “Okay.”

Lynchburg, Virginia
Saffron closed the last stitch and tied it off. Then she sat down in the kitchen chair and laid her head on Ray’s stomach. 
She could hear his heartbeat. It was weak and irregular.
He’s lost too much blood, she thought. 
An idea came to her: she could bite him. As soon as this popped into her head, she pushed it away. The lycanthrope infection would cure him almost immediately. But the price? The price was too high.
At least too high for now, she thought. She would not lose him, could not lose her mate. Her own stupid loss of control had almost cost her dearly already – she had let the beast free in anger and had almost attacked him right here in this kitchen a few days before.
And, now she knew that he blamed himself for that. He was wrong, of course. It wasn’t his fault. Ray’s reaction had been normal, but her anger at his reaction was not. She knew better than to lose control like that. She had shamed herself and her pack, which is why she had left: she had gone back to the pack to try to come to grips with what she had almost done.
Ray was fortunate she had not been here when Barbatas took Rebecca. She would have fought to the death for her mate and the girl. And, death would have been the outcome.
A werewolf was more than a match for a demon, but not an arch demon like Barbatas? Saffron doubted her entire pack could defeat him.
And if she had not been alive to finish the amputation, Ray would also be dead.
She looked at the stump of Ray’s left arm and examined her handy work.  Ray’s first aid kit had been well stocked with sutures, but no hemostats or clamps. She had found a box of metal hair barrettes in Rebecca’s room, which she sterilized in boiling water. She had used them to clamp off the blood vessels before applying the ligatures.
Not bad for an amnesiac surgeon, she thought. Surgeon? Had she been a surgeon, or some other sort of doctor? Maybe, that would explain some things.
Ray moaned in his sleep.
He needs blood, she thought. She had to get him to the pack, she could protect him there. And, although werewolf blood was tainted, there were enough normal humans living with the pack to transfuse him.
Moving him would be a problem. She couldn’t trust anyone here to help, and that meant they would be on foot: Saffron did not know how to drive. If she had known how before being infected, she couldn’t remember now.
They would have to walk.
Saffron listened to Ray’s ragged breathing and knew that he would most likely be unconscious for hours, if not days. Leaving him in the bar alone and going to the pack for help by herself was out of the question.
She would have to carry him twenty five miles north through the woods, a man twice her weight. There was a way she could do that, but she was terrified by the thought.
Among the members of her pack, she had one of the highest levels of control while in wolf form. But, could she maintain that control while carrying Ray? She wasn’t sure. He was wounded, and the beast would smell the blood. If instinct got the better of her…
No, she thought. He is my mate. Even the beast will understand this.
She would need to eat first. Not only to feed the change, which took a huge amount of calories, but also so that the beast would awaken satiated and not ravenous.
Saffron walked to the freezer door. She had not heard any movement from within for several minutes, but she did not like the idea of walking into the enclosed space with the disembodied arm.
She opened the door and peered inside. The arm was crawling along the floor of the freezer, toward the back. Ice had formed across the surface of the pale skin, and the three remaining fingers had turned black from frostbite.
Saffron kicked it across the floor and into the freezer wall. 
It lay palm up, the dead fingers curling and uncurling, unable to right itself.
I should burn it, she thought. But, there was no time.
She inspected the contents of the freezer, hoping she would find the remains of the man she had killed before running away, but the trash bags were gone. The only meat in the freezer was some chicken, fish, and a ten pound package of raw hamburger.
She picked up the hamburger and walked into the kitchen, latching the freezer door behind her. Saffron set the microwave on defrost, and placed the parchment wrapped meat inside.

Tonopah, Arizona
Billy pulled aside the tent flap. He and Kathryn stepped inside. They found themselves in a dark ten by ten canvas walled room within the tent. The sounds of the circus organ were louder inside the first layer of thick canvas, and the popcorn smell was stronger. Light showed under the tent flap directly in front of them.
“Still not getting anything?” Kathryn whispered.
Billy shook his head.
They walked to the flap leading into the main part of the tent and pulled it aside.
“My God,” Billy said.
Within the main tent was a three ring circus to rival anything imagined by Barnum and Bailey. The bleachers were packed with people, laughing and smiling, pointing up to the trapeze artists and tightrope walkers who soared overhead.
Elephants in bright red regalia trumpeted as they stood on their hind legs at the urging of their trainers. Under this sound was the roar of lions, and the crack of the tamer’s whip.
And everywhere: clowns. Cavorting in the rings, dancing around the lion cage, tumbling and somersaulting away from the path of the marching elephants, and mingling with the crowds.
One clown stood in the middle of the three rings. A tall, thin African American man, his head shaved, his face painted in white and red, an old black top hat balanced precariously on his smooth head. 
His voice boomed out from the center of the tent, “Mesdames et Messieurs, Bienvenue a le Cirque de Samedi.” He bowed then, the hat rolling into his outstretched hand.
Billy stared into the faces of the crowd, and felt nothing. He looked into the eyes of the performers, and felt nothing. Finally, he looked into the eyes of the man in the top hat, and although he could sense nothing with his psychic abilities, Samedi’s cold stare spoke volumes. In an instant, Billy knew this man had to die. He stepped into the main tent.

Kathryn screamed out, and reached for him as he stepped into the bright light of the big top. Her hand passed into the light. Mistake, oh, no, she thought.
As soon as her hand passed over the threshold, her body was drawn through as well. She stood beside Billy on the sawdust.

Illusion, Billy thought. All illusion. The smell of popcorn, so heavy and inviting was gone, replaced with the acrid stench of decaying flesh. The bleachers, which had been filled with smiling audience members, were now filled with the dead bodies of those same people. Their decaying lips were pulled back in grimaces - the magic had made their death masks appear to be smiles.
The performers were dead as well. The tightrope walkers and trapeze artists lay in crumpled heaps on the sawdust, their limbs angled in unnatural directions due to their falls from the heights above.
Even the elephants lay dead and moldering on the stained sawdust.
The myriad clowns stared at him through milky, lifeless eyes.
Billy stared in horror as the corpses of spectators and performers alike turned their heads to look at him, “They’re zombies…”

Kathryn tried to answer, but no sound would come from her lips. She stared at Samedi. 
His finger came up to his lips, “Shhh. Silence, sòsyè.”
Sòsyè? Kathryn thought. Witch, that’s Haitian for witch. She understood now, Samedi was a bokor, a practitioner of vodou – voodoo for those unfamiliar with the true name. The hundreds of zombies that surrounded them were under his control.
And, he had nullified her magic by silencing her.

Billy flipped his nine millimeter pistols into his hands. He knew he had to shoot Samedi quickly before… but, it was too late. The zombies fell upon them like a wave.

Lynchburg, Virginia
Saffron scooped a handful of the still cold hamburger meat from the butcher paper and stuffed it into her mouth. Blood dribbled from her lips as she swallowed, more than chewed, the ground beef.
As soon as that handful went down, she scooped out another and downed it. Soon the paper was empty.
She stared over her shoulder at Ray to make sure he was still sleeping. Satisfied that he was still unconscious, she licked and sucked the last drops of blood from the paper.
“Time to go,” she whispered. She took off her sneakers, stuffing them into her blue backpack. She stripped off her jeans and t-shirt, put them in on top of her shoes, and zippered the pack shut. She hooked one strap of the pack around Ray’s good shoulder.
Naked, Saffron walked to the back door and opened it. The beast wasn’t picky about exits. Smashing through doors, windows, or even walls was the norm, but it would almost always choose the path of least resistance. An open door would be chosen over one that was closed, and, although she doubted that the beast would close it on the way out, at least it wouldn’t knock it from the frame.
She walked back to Ray and knelt, “All right, my love. Here we go.” She leaned forward on her hands, keeping her eyes on his sleeping face.
For a werewolf, the change begins at the body’s center, just below the navel. This is the point eastern medicine associated with the source of Chi, or the natural vital energy in all of us. Whether you believed in such things or not, this is where the transformation always begins.
Saffron felt the change starting in her lower abdomen – a tightening of her muscles there, and movement, a shifting of her internal organs from one formation to another.
The feeling spread, crawling down to her genitals and buttocks and up to her flattening breasts and widening shoulders. Her slim hips became slimmer still as her hip joints popped and groaned.
The transformation always hurt, and for Saffron the worst part always came as her knees bent backward, the kneecaps migrating from front to back under her darkening skin.
Saffron is alive, the pain will pass. Saffron is alive, the pain will pass, she repeated over and over in her mind as white hot pain in one part of her body was drowned out by a feeling of power and strength in the area the pain had just left.
Coarse black hair spread out over her body as her upper and lower jaws distended, her mouth sprouting long sharp teeth.
Here comes the wave, she thought. The rush of emotions and urges as the beast fought for control built in her mind like a great wave. And, then it washed over her.

The beast watched the man sleep. There was recognition of a sort – this was the protector, the one who was kind, the one who fed her. She licked his face, tasting him, recognizing him. A word passed through the beast’s mind: mate.
“This is the mate, and he must be protected,” a voice whispered in her head.
She caught scent of the blood. Normally this would have filled her with hunger, but instead the smell of his blood infuriated her. He was hurt and the beast paced around the room, looking for the enemy that had harmed him.
She scented it on the floor and jumped backward with a yelp. The smell on the floor was of a bad thing, a very bad thing. She could track it, but this very bad thing was better avoided.
“Take the mate to the pack,” the voice whispered in her head.
Yes, the pack, the beast thought. Her mind filled with smells and images, sounds of laughter, of family. She loped back to Ray, lifted him into her arms, and ran into the dark alley.
She paused just outside the door, hearing the voice inside her head again. The beast looked left and right, trying to understand the command of that other that always seemed to be inside her head.
Finally comprehending, she kicked the back door shut.

Tonopah, Arizona
A zombie is by definition a re-animated dead body, but there are two important classifications of zombie. The first is a mindless eating machine, akin to a shark. Something that will attack without provocation and either kill or infect its victims. A survivor of an attack who is bitten by a zombie will die and come back to life, thus perpetuating the cycle. These are the zombies of popular culture.
They are a myth – a mixture of ghouls who eat the dead and infect the living, and a true zombie.
True zombies are the re-animated dead, their souls trapped within their rotting corpses. Rather than being a mindless body, the mind is trapped within a body under the control of another.
And, while they don’t bite without being commanded to do so – they’re bites are deadly, and the infected can die a horrible agonizing death from sepsis within hours.
Kathryn knew all these things, and as they swarmed over her body, pulling and prodding, their decayed breath washing over her, she screamed a soundless scream. She wanted to push them away, but the thought of moving, of trying to push against their yielding, oozing weight filled her with revulsion.
She closed her eyes and clamped her mouth shut, full of fear that something would drip from one of them onto her, or worse yet, into her. She wanted to reach up and pinch her nostrils shut, but she could not bring herself to do it – she was afraid that this would trigger some response, a biting response, and she would lose her fingers, or her hand, or her arm.
She felt herself lifted up onto her feet, and the sea of dead faces parted in front of her.
Samedi stepped in front of her, “Hello, mon petit sòsyè. I have taken your beautiful voice so that you will keep your latin to yourself, comprenez-vous?
Do I understand? Yes, I understand, you prick, Kathryn thought.
Samedi threw his head back and laughed, “A prick am I? Little witch, you have no idea…”

Samedi stepped to the side. Billy had been lifted up by his captors as well, and Samedi faced him, “You are the telepath, yes?”
Billy stared at him, You appear to be a telepath yourself – you tell me.
Samedi laughed again, “Baron Samedi, my namesake, he came to me last night and told me you were coming. This is a special performance in your honor.”
Baron Samedi is one of the major deities of vodou, Kathryn projected at Billy. Oh, fuck me, one of them is leaking on me. A steady stream of green putrescent drool was streaming onto her leather jacket.
Billy glanced toward her, “I don’t need a magic history lesson. Just tell me how to kill this asshole.” The zombies had stripped Billy of all his weapons, and his psychic powers seemed to have no effect on the man.
Samedi shook his head, “You have underestimated Samedi, as have many others before you. Most of them serve me here under the big top.”
“You want respect, I’d suggest losing the clown outfit. A guy in size forty-eight shoes that honk when he walks generally doesn’t get much.”
Samedi didn’t seem to hear him, “Samedi the Clown is now Samedi the Bokor, the greatest Bokor that ever lived. Look around me, I control hundreds of zombies, and I feed from their souls. I am a god.”
“You’re a leech preying on the innocent, just like every one of your hellspawn brethren,” Billy said.
“I could make them tear you apart, a mere thought is all that would be required.”
“Please, kill me. Just don’t bore me to death.”
Samedi smiled and waved a finger at him, “You are a rude man. And, here I have arranged a new aerial act for you to witness.” Samedi snapped his fingers, and the crowd near the rings separated.
The corpse of a woman in a trapeze artist’s outfit lay convulsing in the sawdust. Her arms and legs were broken and twisted.
Samedi nodded toward the corpse. Three zombies stepped forward and began removing her red sequined leotard. “Ah, my poor Marie. She did her best on the trapeze. But, I am afraid she was not so very good at it. She was the seamstress, you see. When I forced her to wear the costume and climb up, she cursed my name. To her credit, she held on to the trapeze bar for four whole seconds before she fell.”
Samedi turned to Kathryn, “Tell me, mon petit sòsyè, can you fly?”

The zombies began to strip away Kathryn’s clothes as her mouth contorted into a scream. 
Once naked, tears poured from her eyes as they began to slide the bloody stained leotard up her bare legs. The stench of the dead wafted from it as they pulled the straps onto her shoulders.
Kathryn passed out.

George, bring guns! Billy shouted in his mind.
Samedi was on him in an instant, his teeth inches from his face, “Who is this George you cry out to?” Samedi screamed the words. “There is no one here with you, I would know this! Speak, boy!”
He can’t sense George, Billy thought.
Samedi’s face contorted in fear for an instant. He pointed toward the entrance to the tent and a dozen zombies walked through the tent flaps into the darkness.

George stood outside the circus gate and looked out toward the truck stop and Interstate 10 beyond it. He thought he had heard Billy’s voice before, but he now believed he was mistaken.
The desert wind caused the big top behind him to flutter like the sail of a boat. 
Turn around, Father George, a voice said in his mind.
He turned to look into the dead eyes of a dozen men and women. They made no sound as they shuffled forward on the clumsy remains of their legs. They surrounded him, reached out to him.
George Leeds wept.

Amherst, Virginia
The beast ran through the mist laden field, her mate cradled in her strong arms. She could hear his weak labored breathing. Twice she had stopped when the breathing had ceased, ready to bite him, infect him, make him strong again so that they could hunt and breed in the forest. This would have been the right thing to do.
But each time, he had begun to breathe again, and the maddening voice in her head had whispered, “Not yet.”
She had howled then, angry at the voice. The beast had snapped at the cool night air. Sometimes she hated the voice, with its soothing words. That voice had landed her in danger before, but just as often it had saved her.
The beast stopped and sniffed the air, her long black ears pricked up and scanned for sounds. Surrounded. Yes, surrounded, her thoughts on the mate, not on the trees. And, now surrounded.
She lay her mate on the soft grass in front of her. The beast dropped to all fours and circled him, her eyes on the trees that encircled this clearing.
Smart, so smart, so clever the dead things. And fast, oh so fast as they flew through the air. But, fragile, so easy to break. So easy to rip and tear and sometimes to eat.
She looked down at her mate. They wanted her mate, wanted to consume him.

“Here, puppy, puppy, puppy,” the sweet voice called from the trees. “My puppy, what do you have there?” the woman dropped from the tree and smiled at her. Her long fangs shining in the dim light. “Mmm, it looks delicious. Don’t suppose you want to share?”
The beast lowered her head and snarled at the vampire.
“No, I thought not,” the vampire said. “I suppose we’ll just have to take it from you.”
A dozen vampires emerged from the trees that surrounded the clearing. “Would you look at that – I think she already ate one of his arms,” a male said as they tightened the circle around the beast.
The beast snarled and took a step toward the nearest vampire.
“No,” the voice in her head said. It was calm but unmistakable in its authority. “That’s what they want. Do not leave our mate. Stand your ground.”
The beast stopped, and stood up on its hind legs. She flexed her long black claws and looked down at her mate.
“Diane,” the male vampire said. “You ever see one do that before?”
She shook her head, “They always attack.”
The beast growled and seemed to smile at her.
The vampires began to circle the beast, getting closer with each rotation.
“Watch her,” Diane said.
The beast turned slowly on her feet, keeping her eyes on Diane. This was the alpha, the leader. She could sense it.
Behind her, the male vampire who had been talking suddenly lunged. The beast turned on him, catching him in mid-air. She grabbed his forearms and pulled, feeling his shoulder joints separate.
He screamed in pain just as her jaws closed on his throat and ripped his head off.
The male’s head rolled backward and the beast tossed his body toward Diane. She stepped to the side and watched his lifeless corpse slide across the wet grass.
The vampires stopped circling and began to walk backward.
Diane stared into the beast’s eyes, “Okay, okay. You win. We’re walking away now.”
The beast could not understand the woman’s words, but she got the meaning from how the vampires were backing away.
She looked into Diane’s eyes. And, although her beast mind was cloudy, she had one fact in her long term memory that had been proven time and again: dead things lie.
The beast snarled and leaped.

Tonopah, Arizona
Kathryn stepped forward, her legs shaking, and not under her control. Samedi was pushing her with his mind, and she took one shaking step after another toward the trapeze tower. A tall narrow ladder led up from the floor to the trapeze platform sixty feet above.
The thought of climbing the ladder was nauseating in and of itself, but the thought of this leotard that had been covering the body of the zombie aerialist who still wriggled on the floor beneath the tower – that thought caused her to wretch repeatedly as she walked. She tried to block out the knowledge of the things that had to be on and in the suit, things that were now touching her bare skin.
She wretched again as her hands grasped the rungs of the ladder and she began to ascend. In her mind, she recited the words repeatedly, words that would save them both if only she could say them aloud: Globus Incendium.
One rung higher. Globus Incendium.
Now, ten feet high. Globus Incendium.
The eyes of the dead looking up at her from twenty feet below. Globus Incendium.
Billy looking up at her, projecting ‘It will be okay’ at her from thirty feet below. Globus Incendium.
Samedi smiling up at her with his maniacal red painted lips from forty feet below. Globus Incendium.
Her hands wet with sweat, and oh, no, please, the crotch of the leotard pulling up into her there chafing her skin and she wretched fifty feet in the air. Globus Incendium.
Pulling herself up onto the platform finally, teetering for an instant, willing herself away from the edge and the sixty foot drop to the floor below. Globus Incendium.
She touched the chrome plating of the trapeze bar. Her hand moved not of her own accord as she unhooked the safety rope that tethered it to the tower. The bar swung free in her hands and she grasped it. Globus Incendium.
Her toes were on the edge, her hands holding the bar tight as she looked down. Globus Incendium.
Sixty feet below, she could see Billy’s face, the look of horror behind his round glasses. Samedi with his painted on smile. Globus Incendium.
And then, she could see George Leeds. The man who had been a priest until the world turned to shit. The man who had held a gun to her head only weeks before, but who now would not touch a gun. The Reverend George Leeds who stepped through the magic barrier as if it did not exist, his face a red mask of rage. Oh, please, Globus Incendium.

“Blasphemy!” George screamed. He roared the words at the clown. “Who is this man who thinks he is God? Who is this false prophet?”
Samedi spun on his huge clown shoes, a sight that would have been comical with any other man and in any other setting, “Who are you?”
“Only a messenger to tell you of the reckoning that awaits you. Release them and pray for His mercy,” George screamed.
Samedi raised his arms in a circle and pointed both palms toward George. The zombies moved as one, leaping from the bleachers, releasing Billy, even the mangled bodies of the trapeze artists crawled on the ground toward George.
George did not step away, instead he moved forward. The first zombie reached him and George put his hand on the man’s forehead, “In Nominii Patris et Fillii et Spiritus Sancti.” 
The zombie’s body seized up and tumbled to the sawdust.
“No!” Samedi screamed as George began to walk among the bokor’s slaves. As his hands touched them, they fell, their souls released.
“Come unto me, children. The kingdom of the Lord awaits, your servitude is at an end,” George said and the zombies scrambled toward him, reaching, straining.
Billy stood, his mouth agape, watching as the waves of the dead rose in front of George, and just as quickly fell away.

Samedi was on his knees, murmuring in Creole, trying to recapture the souls as they slipped through his fingers.
As the souls rose, Samedi’s powers began to fade. He called on Baron Samedi and the other members of his family, the Loa. Just as his hope faded, he saw something lying in front of him on the ground and smiled.

Kathryn saw it all from her vantage point high above the ground.
George strolled among the dead, releasing them.
Billy stood motionless, watching in disbelief.
Samedi leaned forward, picking up one of Billy’s discarded nine millimeters. He aimed it toward George.
In that instant, Kathryn found the words to save them all, “Globus Incendium!”

Her Latin shout echoed through the tent.
Samedi looked up as the ball of blue fire leapt from Kathryn’s fingertips and sailed through the air toward him. It expanded as it flew. He murmured a spell as the fireball drew closer, but the words that left his lips were not the spell he had intended.
He crossed his white gloved hands over his head as the fireball enveloped him. Samedi was submerged in a hell of blue flame that burned away his costume and the skin beneath. He opened his mouth to scream and the flames burned him inside and out.

Exhausted, George dropped to his knees as the last of the zombies found peace.
Billy looked up as Kathryn floated gently down from the trapeze platform.
When Kathryn’s feet touched the ground, she ripped off the leotard and threw it onto Samedi’s still burning corpse.
Billy took off his duster and held it out for her.
She smiled weakly but shook her head and knelt on the ground, “Purifico Corpus.” She felt her body burn as the bacteria and other things she didn’t care to think of evaporated. She retrieved her stained clothing from the ground, “Purifico Vestibus.”

George heard a rasping breath coming from Samedi’s smoking corpse, “Oh, no.”
The burned corpse looked at him, a pleading look in the dead eyes, “Release me, please. I beg you.”
Kathryn, now fully clothed, stood over him, “He tried to fend off the fireball with a spell. I believe, he misspoke.”
George swallowed, “He raised himself with his dying breath.”
“Help me, please. You can’t leave me like this,” he whispered.
George leaned over him, touched his scorched flesh, “In Nominii Patris et Fillii et Spiritus Sancti.”
Nothing happened.
George leaned in close, “Samedi, you must pray for your own release. There is nothing I can do.”
Billy pulled one of his retrieved nine millimeters and pointed it at Samedi’s head.
George stood up and turned Billy away from the damned soul, “No, this is God’s will.”
Kathryn shook her head, “We can’t just…”
“Yes,” George said. “We can.”

Amherst, Virginia
Saffron woke covered in blood and dew as the grey clouds above her lightened. She lay naked, a woman once again, her arms around Ray. She put her head against his chest and listened: his breathing was slow and shallow, but he was alive.
She rose up on her hands.
The beast had been busy. Around her were the corpses of twelve vampires. In Saffron’s dream, she had guided the beast’s actions – this was the gift of her time with the pack. They had taught her to take control of the beast, to guide it.
In terms of strength, a vampire was no match for a werewolf. It was intelligence that made the difference. A vampire could think clearly, plot and plan – the beast could not.
But, properly trained and guided, the beast was far more formidable. Saffron’s mind guiding the beast’s power made them unstoppable.
Still part of her rebelled at what the beast was capable of. The dismembered bodies around her had not only been ripped apart and partially consumed – the beast had toyed with the bodies, rearranging pieces into shapes and totems that only it could understand.
This is why each of the vampires’ heads had been impaled on a dismembered forearm, and those forearms were stuck elbow first into the ground. The beast had created pushpins and made a circle with them around herself and her mate.
Perhaps the beast thought this was some sort of protection: a magic circle to ward off evil.
Saffron crawled to the nearest body. She believed this was the corpse of the alpha, Diane, but it was hard to tell. She looked back at Ray to make sure he was still unconscious, and then lowered her mouth to the ruined torso and began to feed – her small white teeth ripping into the dead flesh.

Ten miles east of Ehrenberg, Arizona
“Never thought about this,” Billy said as they stared at the map on the hood of the Jeep. They had found Samedi’s house a block south of the circus. The Jeep Wrangler had been stored with a charged battery and a full tank of gas in the garage.
Just short of California, they had realized a flaw in their plan: the Colorado River.
“No matter how we slice it,” Kathryn said. “We have to cross the river, that means a bridge, and that means a checkpoint.”
George nodded, “They’ll be looking for us, and they’ll be well defended.”
“We could go south into Mexico, get a boat and go up the coast,” Kathryn said.
“No way, last place I want to be trapped is on open water with airborne demons swarming us,” Billy said.
“Ouch, good point,” Kathryn said.
“Our only choice…” Billy began.
“…is to trust that God wants us to succeed,” George said.
Billy looked at him, “You know something we don’t?”
George laughed, “You keep asking me that. First with the circus, and now this. If you’re asking me if I know what’s waiting for us in California, I don’t. All I know is that God hasn’t abandoned us, and no outcome is off the table. Beyond that, it’s all on us, Billy.”
“Bullshit,” Kathryn said. “You know something.”
“No, I don’t. My outlook is a little different, and my faith is restored. Beyond that, nothing else has changed.”
Billy tried once more to peer into George’s mind, but just as before, George was invisible to him.
He smiled at Billy, “You’re just going to have to trust me.”

Amherst, Virginia
Saffron began her second transformation in twelve hours. Even fully fed as she was, she wondered how much more her body could take.
As much as it has to, she thought as the beast’s mind overwhelmed her own.
It growled low in its throat and turned, surveying the dead vampires from the night before with a snarling laugh.
She gathered Ray into her arms and ran off into the woods to the north.

Part Seven: California

The great defense against the air menace is to attack the enemy's aircraft as near as possible to their point of departure.
- Winston Churchill

(Upon being asked to surrender the town of Bastogne to the Germans during the Battle of the Bulge)
To the German Commander: 
NUTS! 
The American Commander.
- Brig. General Anthony C. McAuliffe

We’re in some pretty shit now, man.
- Hudson, Aliens


Chapter 27
They had stopped the Jeep midway across the Ehrenberg Bridge. The bridge spanned the Colorado River between Ehrenberg, Arizona and Blythe, California. It also marked the dividing line between the Pacific Coast safe zone and the territories.
To their astonishment, the bridge was completely deserted. A single guard station was setup midway across, but it was unmanned.
“Why would they leave the bridge unguarded?” Kathryn asked.
“They wouldn’t,” Billy said. “Something’s wrong.”
“We can’t sit here all day,” George said from the back seat.
Billy nodded and shifted into drive. He drove around the crossing gate, half expecting a volley of gunfire as he did so. They rolled slowly across the bridge.
Kathryn rolled a small blue fireball back and forth over the fingers of her right hand, ready to let it fly should the need arise.
Billy kept one of his nine millimeters in his left hand.
Kathryn nodded toward the pavement ahead of the Jeep.
Blood, Billy thought. And, beyond it, another pool and another. “There was a battle here.”
“Yeah, but where are the bodies?” Kathryn asked.
George looked out the window to their left, “I believe they’re floating down the Colorado.”
Billy turned his head to the left. The river downstream was filled with bodies: soldier demons and humans wearing camouflage. “Christ. Whatever happened here, we’re taking advantage of it.”
Billy floored the accelerator and left Blythe in the rear view mirror.

The creature soared through the clouds above and watched them drive into the desert. The air above his back was warm, and he longed to climb higher, let the sun warm his reptilian body.
He rolled onto his back, angling his long thin wings so that he could glide inverted for a time. The clouds above were a bright white, and he knew that the sky beyond would be blue and perfect. He could almost reach up and touch it, but he dared not.
He rolled upright and dove slightly, picking up speed as he followed the Jeep.

Tye River, Virginia
Saffron fell against the door of the old farmhouse the pack called home just before sundown. She felt the beast retreating even as she slumped onto the wooden porch.
Ray landed on his back and Saffron, naked, fell on top of him in human form. The last ten miles of the journey had been too much even for the beast. She passed out, her chest heaving as she breathed.
The door opened, “Oh, God, it’s Saffron. She has a man with her – I think they’re injured.”

Outside Desert Center, California
“We can cut north here, go toward Twenty-Nine Palms. Then go west through the mountains to the Pacific Coast Highway, just above Santa Barbara,” Billy said as they sat idling at the turn to Desert Center. 
“Straight through Los Angeles would be closer,” Kathryn said.
“Yeah, it would. But, we need to avoid LA if we can – too many people,” Billy said.
They turned right onto route 177 into the desert.
Chapter 28
The Pacific Coast Highway winds its way up the coast from south Los Angeles to northern California. Before the demon invasion, it offered scenic views of the ocean and breathtaking cliffs.
As the jeep wound its way slowly along the narrow road, those vistas had been replaced by terrifying fog shrouded twists and turns. Visibility was less than ten feet in any direction, and the trio expected at any moment to round a curve and plummet into the sea that roared all around them.
Before the invasion, the state had constantly maintained the road, clearing landslides and shoring up cliff hugging sections. For eight years, the treacherous road had been left to its own devices.
Billy stopped the jeep at the entrance to a bridge a little over a mile north of San Simeon. They were a third of a way to San Francisco.
“According to the map, this is Little Pico Creek. The bridge isn’t very long,” Kathryn said.
“I’m going to walk it, just to make sure it’s still in one piece.”
“I can use a spell…”
“No, it’s okay. I need to walk a little.”

Billy stepped out onto the black asphalt and looked at the point where the bridge began. He stepped out onto the concrete.
To the left, the pacific surf roared as it crashed on the sandy beach somewhere in the fog. Billy walked across the concrete sections, and each appeared to be sturdy. A few minutes later, he stepped onto the asphalt at the end.
Billy walked to the concrete wall of the bridge and sat down with his back to the sea. He took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes.
Looking back down the bridge, he saw a shadow approaching through the fog.
“It’s safe,” Billy said.
The shape in the fog stopped just beyond Billy’s visibility.
Billy stared at the shape – it was large, larger than Kathryn, “George?”
“No,” the shape said as it stepped out of the fog.
Billy drew his nine millimeter as the demon stopped in front of him.
“Please, I mean you no harm,” the demon said as it held up its muscular reptilian arms. His red eyes looked into Billy’s.
“What do you want?”
“I am Dantalion. I’ve been watching you,” the demon said.
Billy didn’t lower the nine millimeter. “You’re the one who’s been following us?”
“I am.”
“Why?”
“To see if you could actually accomplish what you set out to do.”
“And, to stop us?”
The demon shook its huge scaled head, “No, our goals are the same.”
For the first time, Billy noticed the necklace around the demon’s neck: a simple stone crucifix on a leather chord. “That’s not possible.”
The demon smiled and held up the cross, “I have renounced my allegiance to Satan, and I have prayed for forgiveness.”
“And, how were your prayers answered?”
The demon looked away, “With silence.”
Billy shook his head, “Not sure I’m buying any of this…”
“There is a war in hell. The Archdemon Asteroth has fallen, beheaded by our forces. We are being led by a man, not a demon. A man in the company of a dog and a ghost. Each day, he builds his army stronger.”
“Nathan Campbell,” Billy said.
“The Lord General Nathan Campbell, leader of the army of New Canaan. He is waging war against Satan and the legions of Asmodeus and Baal,” Dantalion said. “I only wish I could be there to help them. I came through the doorway in the first days, my mission was to sabotage the invasion wherever I could. We didn’t realize you humans were perfectly capable of defending yourselves.”
“And, you’ve been following us?”
“The Lord General says you are vitally important in what is to come, and that I am to provide help wherever I can.”
Billy thought for a moment, “The border crossing at Blythe?”
Dantalion smiled, “Barbatas’ forces were waiting for you there. You would have been annihilated.”
“You wiped out the garrison?”
“Yes, to clear the way for you to San Francisco. You should encounter no further problems, that is until you reach the city. It is under siege.”
“Siege?”
“Lucifuge and Barbatas have surrounded Treasure Island in the San Francisco Bay. The last church is there, and in it the prayer you seek.”
“California is a free state, this is a violation of the treaty…”
“The treaty was abandoned the moment you crossed into California. The Atlantic and Pacific free zones are no more. The war has returned, and Lucifuge intends to capture the prayer before you. The end is near, Mr. Murphy.”
“Will you help us?”
“Yes, when the time comes. We will fight alongside.”
“We?”
Dantalion motioned toward the fog beyond the bridge.
Billy became aware of thousands of shapes moving in the fog.
“When I came through the gate – I brought two legions with me.”

Veterans’ Home, Marion, Virginia
This morning, they were the caregivers. This evening, we are their protectors, Jess Winthrop thought as he patted the hand of a volunteer nurse who crouched on the floor beside him, her eyes running wet with tears. “There now, don’t you fret. We’ve been in tighter spots.”
The siege had come at dawn. The demons had descended from the skies and rushed the doors of the home. They had taken the left wing of the building within minutes, but the right wing, the wing which was home to Jess, Willis, and Kathryn’s grandfather Larry, had been able to fight the demons back.
Thirty old men, many of whom were dying, and two dozen nurses and staff had barricaded themselves within the halls. Eight years earlier, Jess and Larry had made sure the building had been well stocked with firearms and ammunition.
Sammy ran by the activity room.
Jess called out to him, “Sammy, what’s going on?”
“We’re holding them, Jess. I came for ammo,” Sammy said as he continued down the hall to the supply closet.
Jess looked up at Larry and Willis. Larry was lying on the threadbare couch, and Willis crouched beside him, nervously checking the fire selector on his AR-15 rifle.
Larry was having a good day, he looked at Jess and shook his head.
We can’t hold them, Jess thought. He looked down at the pretty blonde nurse crying beside him. She was going to die with the rest of them.
“Yes, they are going to die,” a voice said from the hallway.
Jess looked up. The man in the hallway was old and dressed in a grey suit.
Sammy ran past the man but didn’t seem to pay any attention to him.
“He won’t notice me yet,” the man said as he stepped into the activity room.
“Larry, can you…” Jess began.
“Yeah, I see him. Willis?”
“I see him too, Larry.”
Jess raised his rifle and aimed it at the man, “Who the hell are you?”
“My name is Michael. And, I need your help.”

Outside Plaskett, California
“So, we now have two legions of demons on our side?” Kathryn said.
“Maybe, what do you think, Father George?” Billy asked.
“I’ve never heard of anything like this,” George said. “They aren’t supposed to have free will.”
“Yeah, that’s what worries me,” Billy said. “But honestly, they could have killed me on the bridge.”
“But, I mean, the thought of demons asking for forgiveness…” Kathryn said.
“Why not? They’re His creations the same as us,” George said. “Who says we cornered the market on redemption?”
“Could they be forgiven?” Kathryn asked. Her eyes looked far away.

Veterans’ Home, Marion, Virginia
“You want our help? Mister, you obviously aren’t paying attention. We’re getting our asses kicked,” Larry said as he struggled to sit up from the couch.
“They’ve made a critical error and left the rear exit unguarded,” Michael said as he took Larry’s arm and helped him up.
“Now, why would they do something like that?” Jess asked.
Michael gave him a wry grin, “Well, they started out defending it. I think they suffered some unexpected losses.”
“Doesn’t matter if it is unguarded – only a few of us are in any condition to take advantage of it,” Larry said.
Michael nodded, “I know. But, a few of them could escape, if a few brave souls covered their retreat. I think you gentlemen are all familiar with that strategy?”
Jess looked down at the nurse. She seemed to be totally ignoring the conversation going on around her. Jess nodded and laughed, “Man, the three of us made whole military careers out of that maneuver.”
“Someone will need to lead these people out,” Michael said.
“Willis, you can still move fast enough…” Larry said.
“Like hell – you and I have been friends for seventy years. If you’re staying, I’m staying.”
Sammy ran by again.
Jess called out, “Sammy, come here.”
“I gotta get more ammo.”
“That’ll wait. Come here, there’s someone you need to meet,” Jess said.
Sammy walked into the room and looked at Michael, seeing him for the first time. He raised his rifle and pointed it at the man, “I don’t know you…”
“It’s okay, Sammy. Michael is a friend,” Jess said. But, how do I really know that?, Jess thought. He had nothing but this man’s word that he was on their side.
But, he did believe him. Something told him Michael could be trusted. He looked at the expressions on Larry’s face, on Willis’ – they both seemed to trust him as well.
“Sammy, we’re going to need you to help get the nurses and as many of the able bodied folks as possible out the back door,” Jess said.
“You’re going too, right Jess?” Sammy asked.
“No, Sammy, I have to stay here.”
Sammy shook his head, “I get… confused sometimes, Jess. I’d need you to go with me; otherwise, I might get lost or something.”
Michael walked over to Sammy, “I think I can help with that.” He took the rifle from the man’s hands. “It’s actually just a tiny bit of brain damage, not much at all. Certainly within my power…” He touched Sammy’s left temple, “…to fix.”
Sammy jumped as if shocked. He shook his head and looked around the room.
“Are you okay, Sammy?” Jess asked.

San Francisco, California
Coit Tower rises 210 feet into the air above the San Francisco streets. The edifice that once gleamed white under the northern California sun was now a pale grey, stained in places with the ever present black and green mold brought on by the warm damp air and eternal clouds.
Billy, Kathryn, and George stood on the observation deck and looked across the foggy bay to Treasure Island. Demons darted and swooped in the air above the old naval base, as tracer rounds streaked upward from the buildings.
Even at this distance, the staccato burst of the fifty caliber machine guns could be heard as they breathed a torrent of death into the attacking demons. Occasionally, a stream of bullets would find their target and one of the winged attackers would plummet toward the earth, limbs and wings separating from its body as it fell.
The only path to the island, the Bay Bridge which once connected San Francisco to Oakland, had been collapsed at both ends, leaving only the center sections with no way to access them from either side.
Kathryn sighed and leaned on the concrete wall of the observation deck, “How can we get through that?”
Billy rubbed his eyes, “I don’t know. The only way would be by boat and that would be suicide.”
“What about it, Father George? Up to walking on water, parting the San Francisco Bay?” Kathryn said with a wry smile.
George smiled, “I haven’t received any instructions along those lines.”
Kathryn’s smile faltered. As odd as it seemed to her, she missed fighting with him. She almost felt as if he had died there in the desert when he (or was it God?) had destroyed the giant demon. And, what was he now?
“I don’t suppose you guys scuba?” Billy asked.
“Really deep water, sharks - no, Billy,” Kathryn said.
“How about a spell? Teleportation, maybe?”
“Sure, teleport into a place you know nothing about. Odds are you’d materialize inside a wall. Besides it takes days to prepare that spell.”
“We’re stuck,” Billy said.
“We also have company,” George said and pointed toward the ground below the tower.
A man in a windbreaker stood looking up at them. He was too far away to hear, but Kathryn could see his lips moving.
Is it you? The man was asking from the dead grey grass of Telegraph Hill.

Veterans’ Home, Marion, Virginia
Sammy helped Larry down the hallway toward the doors to the left wing of the home. Staccato bursts of gunfire erupted as they walked, the few defenders at the doors firing at demons who ventured into the hall beyond.
“Are you sure about this?” Sammy asked.
Larry nodded, “I don’t have much longer either way, Sammy.”
“It doesn’t feel right, leaving you and Jess and Willis like this,”
Sammy said as he eased the old man into a chair beside the doors.
“How are you feeling, Sammy?”
“What do you mean ‘how am I feeling’? I feel like a jerk leaving you guys behind,” Sammy said as he put a .45 caliber automatic in Larry’s hand.
“No, I mean your mind, Sammy.”
Sammy nodded, “I can focus. I haven’t been able to do that in a  long time.”
“Good. Use that to get those folks to safety,” Larry said and motioned toward the crowd of people waiting for Sammy at the back door.
Sammy smiled at the pretty nurse who was smiling back at him, “Was she always that cute?”
Larry laughed, “Yep, you just now noticed?”
“I guess I really was confused.”
“Time for you to go now, Samuel,” Michael said as he walked up beside them.
Sammy nodded and walked toward the back door. He turned back and looked at the double doors to the left wing. There was pain in his eyes.
Michael took his arm and turned him around, “Take them straight out the back and into the woods.”
“I can’t leave them…”
Michael smiled, “You’re a brave man, Samuel. All of you are – their destiny lies here, yours lies with these people who are counting on you to lead them to safety.”
Sammy nodded, “I understand.”
“Get them to Roanoke, and let those that cannot fight stay there where they will be safe. Samuel, there is more to your exit than just saving these people.”
“What do you need me to do?”
“You will make your way to Afton Mountain, west of Charlottesville. As you travel, people will join you. Hard people, like you. Some of them won’t know why they’ve come, others will know that you are going to lead an army.”
“Whoa, wait a minute, Michael. I think you got the wrong guy…”
Michael laughed, “The best ones always say that.”

Telegraph Hill, San Francisco, California
The man in the windbreaker stood with his hands on his head as Billy walked slowly around him. He didn’t have to touch the man to check him for weapons. His mind was an open book.
“His name is Richard Morgan,” Billy said as he circled. “He hates his name because in high school the other kids called him Dick. He’s hiding a switchblade in the pocket of his jacket.”
Richard stared at him wide-eyed, “You really are psychic.”
“Shut up and hand over the knife, Dick,” Kathryn said. She smiled as she tossed a fireball spell back and forth between her hands. 
Richard pulled the knife from his pocket and Billy took it from his hand.
They were standing on the grass at the entrance to Coit Tower.
Billy stared into Richard’s eyes, “He’s a… no, that can’t be right.”
“No,” Richard said. “I’m not yet. I haven’t taken my vows.”
“The vows of priesthood?” George asked.
“You’re him, aren’t you?” Richard said as he looked at George.
Billy took a step back – Richard’s mind was filled with admiration, awe, and… fear.
“My name is George Leeds.”
“I know. You’re an Episcopal Priest from Virginia. And, you’re Billy Murphy, the psychic.” He looked at Kathryn. “And, you’re… well…”
“Whore of Babylon, Mistress of Satan, Bitchy Witch of the East,” Kathryn said with a sneer.
George laughed, “Stop it. You obviously know who we are, Richard. Why have you come to find us?”
“He’s here to lead us to the island,” Billy said.

Veterans’ Home, Marion, Virginia
The demons filled the hallway beyond the double doors. Larry sighted along the barrel of the .45 and fired his last round. Midway down the hall, a demon’s face disintegrated.
“I’m out,” Larry said, but no one could hear him in the thunderous gunfire.
“It’s all right, Larry. Just rest,” Michael said as he knelt beside him.

One by one, the men guarding the doors ran out of ammo. Their guns went silent.
The demons had suffered horrendous losses. They advanced slowly down the hall, fearful that the old men at the door would open fire again.
Jess and Willis fell back to where Larry sat.
“Gentlemen, it’s been an honor,” Jess said.
Larry smiled, “Likewise.”
The first demons reached the doorway, and, when they realized the defender’s ammo was gone, they rushed in.
Jess and Willis were pulled away into the mass of leathery wings and claws.
As the defenders screamed out their dying words, Michael leaned in close and whispered to Larry, “There are more worlds than this.”

San Francisco, California
Billy and Kathryn watched the skies as they walked through the dark streets toward the piers.
“I think he could find his way without me,” Richard said as they walked.
George nodded, “Most likely. He has immense power.”
Richard looked at his feet as he walked.
“Something troubling you, Richard?”
“Father…”
“Call me George.”
“I… I’m not sure I can do that.”
“Out with it, kid.”
“I need to know.”
“Know what?”
“Are you the son of God?”

Billy and Kathryn whirled around in shock. George and Richard had been talking quietly on the street behind them, and then George had burst out in a gale of laughter and had sat down on the damp sidewalk.
“Would you two pipe down?” Billy hissed.
“I’m sorry,” George said as he laughed.
Richard stared down at him, embarrassed.
George looked up at him and shook his head, “Oh, I’m sorry, son. That was no way to react to your question.”
“No, but I suppose that answered it.”
George stood up, “What on earth would make you ask me that?”
“You don’t know?”
“No.”
“Father, word’s been spreading throughout the city, the whole country. They say you blessed a church in Tennessee.”
“I did.”
“And, that now roses are blooming in the darkness around it.”
George stared at him, “Well, I don’t know anything about that.”
“They say in Arkansas you looked at a vampire and it melted.”
George nodded, “Reciting the Lord’s Prayer in Latin might have had a little to do with that.”
“In Texas, they say you blessed all the people in a town, and now the demons can’t go near the place without bursting into flame.”
“Again, I can only confirm the blessing.”
“In New Mexico, they say you faced down a giant demon with nothing but your faith.”
“I just stood there, the rest was… not me.”
“And finally, in Arizona, they said your touch was all that was needed to release hundreds of zombies. You laid the undead to rest.”
George looked uncomfortable, “Richard, have you ever driven a really fast car?”
“I’m sorry, but what does that have to do…”
“Just humor me.”
“I suppose, yes. When I was a teenager before all this.”
“When I was young, I used to love fast cars. An empty stretch of road, that feeling as the car gained speed. The way a sports car seems to hug the curves of a road, getting more and more responsive in the turns. That sense of power as you realize you are directing that force, guiding it. You feel like you are one with the machine and the road. Do you know that feeling?”
Richard nodded.
“But, it’s the machine that provides that power, Richard. Not the driver. We simply guide it, point that power in the right direction. That’s what these past few weeks have been like. I’m behind the wheel of a very, very fast car. Do you understand what I’m saying?”
“Yes, I think so – He’s working through you.”
“Through all of us, I think,” George said as he turned to look at Kathryn and Billy as they walked farther down the sidewalk. “Working through all of us, even the unlikely and the unwilling.”

They stood looking at the entrance to the Bay Area Rapid Transit, or BART, station. The old, wide escalator hadn’t run in years. 
“You have to seriously question the sanity of people who build a subway in one of the most earthquake prone places on earth,” Kathryn said. “Don’t suppose there’s an express train down there waiting to take us to Treasure Island?”
“Not exactly,” Richard said.
The sounds of gunfire from the island were louder here, and a few times they had seen demons flying at rooftop level over the street. The demons had ignored them, their attention focused on the siege.
“Follow me,” Richard said as he descended the escalator steps.
They followed him down into the darkness. When they reached the bottom of the escalator, they could see the glow of fires deeper within the cavernous space of the station.
They emerged into a city beneath the city. Thousands of people huddled within the old BART station: families with their belongings gathered around them, merchants selling mushrooms and fish, armed gangs with the eyes of predators, prostitutes in various stages of undress. The smell of fish, smoke, unwashed bodies, and decay filled the concrete tube this portion of San Francisco’s population called home.
“It’s like a vision of hell from a painting by Hieronymus Bosch,” Kathryn said as she choked on the stench.
“No, Miss Adams – it’s warm, and comparatively safe. Trust me, there are much worse places,” Richard said.
We’re being followed, Billy thought. He turned and looked directly into the face of a man with steel piercings in his cheeks and brows.
“You haven’t paid your rent,” the man said. His head was shaved and he carried a spear made out of a broomstick with a butcher knife duct taped to the end.
Billy sliced into the man’s brain with his mind. A rapist, and a murderer, this man had killed three people this week. Wrong telepath, wrong day, Billy thought.
“You going to pay up?”
“How much?”
The man laughed revealing rotten teeth that had been filed to points, “Arm and a leg.”
Billy pushed with his mind, “Sounds about right.”
The man was still laughing as he plunged the spear into his own left thigh and began to saw into the bone. He collapsed onto the concrete, still laughing as he cut himself.
Billy turned away.
George and Kathryn stood looking at him in horror.
“He had it coming.”
“Are you judge, jury, and executioner now?” George asked.
“No,” Billy said as he turned back to the laughing man. 
The people around the man were scrambling away from him, as if they feared his insanity might spread.
Billy flipped his hand down and the nine millimeter dropped into his palm. He raised the gun and put a bullet between laughing man’s eyes. The tunnel echoed with the crack of the pistol.
Billy turned and walked between Kathryn and George. “Haven’t you heard? I’m the left hand of God.”

They walked on through the station, and the subterranean denizens of San Francisco gave them a wide berth. Word spread through the station faster than the four of them could walk.
Billy’s powers were growing by the minute. His mind was opening to the power that flowed through the door that was opening wider in Charlottesville. The energy flowed through it from the hell side, and it flooded into him.
Since he had felt the demons take Rebecca, his thoughts were growing colder, darker. He could have easily walked away from the man he had just killed, confused him with a thought. But instead, he had killed the man.
It hadn’t been out of self-preservation, or even justice. He had wanted to destroy, and he had destroyed.
Not that the man hadn’t deserved what he had gotten – he was a horrible person, a murderer and a rapist. It wasn’t the act of killing him that now worried Billy’s conscience, it was the fact that it really wouldn’t have mattered.
God’s left hand isn’t a cap gun.  He’s a thermonuclear bomb on two legs.  It’s who you will be…, that’s what Nathan Campbell had told him in the vision. But, a thermonuclear bomb isn’t a precision instrument. There will be collateral damage, innocents will be caught in the middle of that last battle in that mixture of Kansas and hell. 
You fucked up, kid, Campbell had said. At the time, he couldn’t understand how he would choose this path, the path that would lead to the end of the world. Now, with Rebecca gone, with his hatred fueled beyond anything he could imagine? Yes. He would be the left hand of God, and he was going to bring this whole damned mess down around their ears – consequences be damned.

George watched Billy walking along the concrete platform. He had hoped before, held out hope that things could be made right. But, now? Now, he was losing that hope.
He watched Billy walk, and the people near him shook with fear, even those with their backs to him. He was giving off waves of psychic energy like radiation, and anyone near enough to feel it fled whether through conscious thought or subconscious feeling. Only he, Kathryn, and Richard seemed immune to the force field of dread that emanated from their friend.
George was losing hope by the minute.

Richard reached the end of the station. A dark train tunnel led to the east at a steep decline. “The tracks go under the bay here. They go all the way to Oakland on the other side – the station on that side has collapsed.”
“Is there a station at Treasure Island?” Kathryn asked.
“No, the tunnel bypassed Treasure Island and Yerba Linda Island completely.”
“But, this is the way across?” George asked.
Richard nodded, “It isn’t pleasant.”
He climbed down onto the tracks, and the trio followed him into the darkness.
Chapter 29

Ray Adair opened his eyes and stared up at a high ceiling with wide wooden beams that supported it. The ceiling was white plaster, the beams brown and made of roughhewn wood.
Saffron’s thin body was wrapped around his, her head in the crook of his right arm. She snored, her breath sweet against his face. He kissed her forehead, and she smiled in her sleep.
They were lying on a futon, a thin sheet covering their naked bodies. The room was filled with the scent of sizzling meat.
“You’re awake,” a voice said.
Ray raised himself slightly. 
An oriental man, his head shaved, sat near the bed on a pillow. He was wearing reading glasses, and on his lap was a copy of The Odyssey by Homer. He was dressed from head to toe in orange and yellow robes.
“Where am I?”
“With Saffron’s pack, my pack, your pack if you like,” the man said. “My name is Tenzin.”
“You the leader?”
“No leaders here, Ray Adair. I’m only a teacher. Hungry?” Tenzin asked as he shifted strips of meat on a sterno grill beside him. “Venison, quite good really.”
“Figured you for a vegetarian, with the Buddhist robes and all,” Ray said.
Tenzin laughed, “Used to be. Not practical for a werewolf. You have to embrace parts of it just to control the beast.”
A spasm went through Ray as he accidentally pressed the stump of his left arm against the futon mattress. The pain was like a white hot fire.
“Here, for the pain,” Tenzin said as he handed him a glass of water with white powder mixed in it.
Ray gently nudged Saffron off his right arm, then sat up and took the glass. “Some kind of herbal remedy?”
Tenzin laughed, “BC Headache Powder, man – it’s crushed up aspirin.”
Ray drank it down, “How long have I been here?”
“Almost a week. As soon as Saffron recovered enough, she took care of you.”
“Recovered? Was she hurt?”
“Exhausted. She carried you all the way from Lynchburg. I believe she encountered trouble on the way, but she doesn’t share a lot of information.”
“She carried me? You mean…”
“The beast carried you, protected you. Her love for you is strong, strong enough to tame the beast. She’s exceptional.”
Ray looked at her, brushed the raven hair from her brow, “Yes, she is.”
“Your fever broke last night. As soon as she knew you were out of danger, she passed out. She’d been awake for almost seventy two hours.”
Ray had an odd taste in his mouth, “I could swear I’ve been eating meat…”
“Yeah, you squeamish?”
“Not really.”
“She didn’t have an IV, so she’s been chewing your food for you.”
“Okay, maybe I am a little squeamish.”
Ray looked under the sheet, “Why is she naked?”
“That’s the other thing. At one point during your fever, she thought you might die. She was also fertile…”
Ray shook his head, “Please tell me we were at least alone in the room.”
Tenzin nodded, “Most of the time. Werewolves aren’t big on decorum.”
“Yeah, I’ve noticed that.”

Under the San Francisco Bay
Kathryn had learned one very important thing from the experience of walking through a narrow concrete tunnel under 160 feet of ocean: she was mildly claustrophobic.
The tunnel was a tube, just a little wider than the BART trains themselves. Fluorescent lights had once lit the interior, but the power to the tunnel had been shut off for years.
Richard walked ahead of them, a high powered flashlight illuminating their path.
He stopped and shined the light back toward them, “This next bit is tricky. It’s one of our security measures.”
Kathryn could hear murmurs of voices from the tunnel beyond, “What kind of security measures?”
“It’s easier just to show you. Just stay close and do what I do,” Richard said.
He turned the light back toward the tunnel ahead. Cages made of chain link fence lined both sides of the tunnel. 
Kathryn stopped in her tracks. There were things in the cages, and they moved, “What is that?”
“The demons would rather stick to the sky, but the vampires – sometimes they explore the tunnels. We needed something they were afraid of.”
The things in the cages looked out at Kathryn with the lifeless black eyes of sharks, their teeth stained black with their infectious saliva.
“Ghouls. You’re using ghouls for protection?” Kathryn asked. There was a narrow passage between the cages. “Oh, you have got to be kidding…”
“They have to bite you to infect you. Behind the chain link, they can’t do that,” Richard said. “Just walk sideways, and don’t touch the fences.”
Richard walked sideways between the cages. George followed after him.
Kathryn sighed and stepped into the cramped space.
The ghouls crushed against the fence, trying desperately to reach her.
A ghoul pressed his fingers so hard against the chain link that the skin between the digits ripped away, black blood poured down the wire links as Kathryn stepped carefully over the pool of ichor.
A huge ghoul wearing a t-shirt that said: ”Come Over to the Dark Side, We have Cookies” slammed his body hard against the cage wall.
Kathryn screamed as she saw the fence begin to bend outward.
A hand touched the sleeve of her jacket and she screamed again.
“It’s okay, Kathryn,” George said as he tugged her by the jacket sleeve through the end of the passage. “See that wasn’t so bad.”
She fell against him, tears flowing down her cheeks. Her face was different, her fear causing her glamour spell to fall away. The nose was slightly larger, the eyes smaller, the hair thinner. “I’m sorry, I don’t know what’s wrong with me.”
George led her away from the cages, “Nothing to apologize for. It’s just fear.”
Kathryn recovered her composure and the glamour spell returned. She looked back between the cages, “Where’s Billy?”

Billy Murphy stepped between the cages, but he did not turn sideways. His shoulders brushed the cage walls on either side. He did not look at the ghouls as he walked toward the end of the passage.

The ghouls cowered against the walls of the tunnel within their cages, their primitive minds filled with fear of the thing that walked between the chain link walls - the thing they knew could kill them with a thought.

Tye River, Virginia
Saffron woke to see Ray looking at her.
She stretched and kicked the sheets off her naked body with a smile.
“You know, you might want to check to make sure the room is empty before exposing us like that,” Ray said.
“Why?”
Ray shook his head, “It’s just… polite.”
“They’ve all seen me naked.”
“Yeah, well I don’t like people looking at my naked wife.”
“Oh, jealousy – it’s okay. They know you’re my mate. The other males won’t touch me, and the females won’t touch you. No need to be jealous.”
“You’re missing the… oh, never mind. Just help me find my clothes.”
Saffron rolled onto her stomach, “Where are you going?”
“I have to go back to Lynchburg. I have to get Rebecca,” Ray said as he began to search the spartan interior of the room.
Saffron sat up, “You can’t do that.”
“Watch me.”
“Ray, they’ve had her for over a week…”
“I know that. She’s my kid, Saffron.”
Saffron put her hand over her stomach, “And you have two more here.”
Ray rolled his eyes and lay down beside her, “How can you possibly know that this soon?”
“I know. The beast knows, and I know. There are two, a boy and a girl. And, they will need their father.”
Ray held her face in his hand, “She’s my daughter. Part of my pack – our pack. I will not abandon her.”
“He’s too powerful. You’ll die.”
“Then I’ll die – Saffron, what kind of man would I be if I just left her. I won’t abandon her, no more than I will abandon you. I want my pack whole.”
Saffron’s eyes filled with tears, “Then we will find her together.”
“Oh, no – you’re staying right here…”
Saffron leapt on him, growling low in her throat, “You’re my mate, but what gives you the idea you can tell me what to do?”
Ray laughed and pulled her lips to his, “Nothing. I just want you, and my babies safe.”
She smiled, “You’re my mate – if you’re going, I’m going.”

Under the San Francisco Bay
Richard shined his flashlight on a section of the curved tunnel littered with sheet metal and rebar. He pulled away a piece of corrugated tin and exposed a three foot wide hole in the bottom of the tunnel.
“The BART tube doesn’t connect to the island. We had to make our own tunnel,” Richard said.
“But, how did you…” Kathryn began.
“Concrete culverts. We brought them in on a barge and dropped them between here and the closest Bay Bridge support. Divers connected them together to form a tunnel. Then we pumped the water out.”
“Is it safe?” Kathryn asked.
“No, no it isn’t,” Richard said as he dropped down into the tube. “Last one in, pull the tin back over the top.”
Billy looked down into the tube. Four feet down, it branched to the left and Richard crawled out of sight. He looked at  Kathryn and smiled, “After you.”
Kathryn grimaced, “Gee, thanks.” She grasped the edge of the culvert and lowered herself down. “Valefar Horreat,” she said as she crawled into the tunnel branch.
The tunnel seemed to grow larger around her, but she knew this was an illusion. In reality, she was growing smaller. She stood up straight in the confined dank space.
Billy dropped down into the tunnel, “Oh, my God.”
Kathryn had shrunk into a perfect tiny version of herself slightly shorter than three feet tall. “Magic is handy,” she said in a high pitched voice.
She walked up the tunnel toward Richard.
The young man went pale at the sight of her, and genuflected.
“Oh, please,” Kathryn said.
Behind her, she heard George drop into the tunnel and pull the tin back over the entrance.
Richard turned away from her and continued his crawl through the tube. “Just to warn you, occasionally rats find their way into the tunnel.”
“Great, throw a saddle on one and I’ll ride it.”
This jerry-rigged tube was much different from the BART tunnel. There were sounds here: low moans and gurgling’s mostly, but the occasional creak from the concrete. She found it worrisome.
“Does it always sound like this?”
“Yes, occasionally you can hear whales.”
“That must be amazing.”
“No, actually it’s terrifying.”
They reached the end of the horizontal section of the tunnel. From here, a ladder led up into the darkness. “It’s three hundred feet straight up.”
“Closed in spaces and heights, nice.”

Tye River, Virginia
“It’s not a good plan,” Tenzin said as he set the table. The farmhouse kitchen was large, and there was room around the table for twenty people.
“I have to get her back, Tenzin,” Ray said. The room was filled with the scent of stew: venison and mushrooms.
“Demons have had her for over a week, what makes you think she’s still alive?”
“I don’t know that she is; but, that doesn’t matter.”
Tenzin stirred the contents of the kettle with a long wooden spoon, “I understand that, Ray. Really, I do. But, you’re asking me to risk my pack. For eight years, we’ve managed to stay off their radar.”
“How much longer do you think that’s going to last? Now that the war is back on? You’ve taught werewolves to control their rage, Tenzin – the demons aren’t going to like that.”
Tenzin tasted the stew, “Needs salt. I understand what you’re saying.”
“And?”
Tenzin sprinkled salt from the shaker into the pot, “You know, in Buddhism there isn’t a hell – I mean we had this place called Naraka, but it wasn’t a place of punishment. It was more like purgatory. You can imagine my annoyance when the gates to your Judeo-Christian hell opened up wide. Existential pain in the ass.”
“If it’s any consolation, I didn’t believe in much of anything.”
“Yeah, but you do believe in something now?”
“I believe I want my family back together.”
Tenzin nodded, “Anything else?”
“What are you asking me, Tenzin?”
“You going to get the girl? Or, are you going to fulfill some prophecy?”
“I want Rebecca back – I don’t care about anything else.”
Tenzin stared into the stew pot, “That I can support. All right, Ray, the pack will go with you – we get the girl and then we leave. By the way, he doesn’t have her in Lynchburg.”
“He doesn’t?”
“No, he has her in Charlottesville at the doorway. I sent a few members of the pack out to gather intelligence a few days ago – I figured this might be your plan.
“I understand a pack, Ray. Someone takes a member of your pack, you fight like hell to get them back. That, we’ll help with – but this whole Armageddon, end of time shit? That gives me the willies.”

Bay Bridge, San Francisco Bay
The Bay Bridge is made up of two decks, one upper and one lower. They emerged from the top of the repurposed culvert pipe into the chill sea breeze of the lower deck. The walk through the tunnel had seemed to go on forever, but looking out at the dark city behind them, the distance was actually small.
Billy turned and looked at the exit from the bridge that led to tiny Yerba Buena Island and Treasure Island beyond. The air above Treasure Island was alive with flying demons.
“Stick to the shadows, we should be fine,” Richard said as he led the way down the concrete ramp to Yerba Buena.
Kathryn whispered, “Stick to the shadows? They have heat vision.”
“I think he’s trying to make us feel better about our chances,” George said.
Billy checked his nine millimeters, “Better juice up the fireball, Kathryn.”
“Way ahead of you,” Kathryn said as the fireball began to dance between her fingers.
“George? I’ve got another nine-millimeter.”
George smiled, “Keep it, you might need it. I don’t.”

North of Roanoke, Virginia
Sammy stood on the overpass and looked down at Interstate 81. The line of cars rolled steadily forward four abreast. Michael had been correct, people had sought him out almost from the minute he had left the veterans home. Sammy had given a very simple order: go up I81 to I64 and wait for him at Afton Mountain on the road to Charlottesville.
One of his new “lieutenants”, a man named Kerwin stood beside him on the bridge, “I don’t understand, this is the long way to Charlottesville. Why not go through Lynchburg?”
“Lynchburg will be fortified, the demons have been using it since the first days.”
“Samuel, we have an army of at least 50,000. We can take Lynchburg – take down Barbatas and this war is over.”
“It’ll cost us time. Our target is Charlottesville and the doorway.”

Lynchburg, Virginia
Where did we go wrong? Barbatas thought. From the top floor of the Wachovia building, he looked out over the empty streets of Lynchburg and the James River beyond. “Continue.”
“We have reports of massive troop movements from North Carolina and Tennessee. One militia group we intercepted before they could cross the border into Virginia appeared to have originated in Texas,” the vampire said as he read from the report.
“What is their target?”
“At first, we believed their target to be Lynchburg; however, now they appear to be heading towards a point thirty miles west of Charlottesville.”
“They’re going to attack the doorway.”
“We can divert air assets from Lynchburg.”
Barbatas shook his head, “We don’t have the units to spare. Divert three legions of demons to the midway point between Charlottesville and the human encampment. We’ll face them on the ground. What of the prayer?”
The vampire looked at his feet, “So far, we have been unable to break through the defenses at Treasure Island. Again, if we diverted some air units…”
Barbatas turned and glared at him, “Your Mistress is holding back her forces and hiding behind pleas for air support. Why?”
He went pale, “Lord Barbatas, I assure you…”
“You assure me of nothing.”
The vampire nodded, “There are… rumors.”
Barbatas turned away, “What sort of rumors?” But, he already knew.
“The vampires in Arkansas were destroyed by a holy man. None of my people will go near Billy Murphy or Kathryn Adams – they fear the holy man.”
“There is no holy man,” Barbatas lied. There was, he knew there had to be. The fact that no demons could sense him filled Barbatas with anxiety. This priest was being protected, hidden from their sight. And, whoever he was, he was deadly.

San Bruno Mountain, southwest of Treasure Island
Dantalion stood at the top of the red and white radio tower on San Bruno Mountain and watched the siege of Treasure Island. The Pacific wind was a constant pressure at his back as it whistled through the swaying steel structure. He rubbed the stone crucifix between the claws of his right hand and murmured a prayer.
“They are there?” Proserpine asked. She had flown up from the ground and landed lightly beside him on the steel pipes.
“Yes,” Dantalion said, not taking his eyes from the battle. 
Proserpine placed her clawed right hand over her mate’s, “You were not at prayer.”
Dantalion smiled at his mate, “I said my own prayers here, my love.”
“The others worry when you do not join them. They begin to doubt.”
He took her reptilian face in his eyes, “And, do you doubt?”
She kissed his scaled hand, “I could never doubt you.”
He placed his forehead against hers, “I’m afraid as well.”
“You’re sure about them? About all this?”
Dantalion nodded, “They are our only hope.” He held her close.

Treasure Island
They crouched in the bushes outside the old Treasure Island Naval Base. The sound of the guns was deafening as the defenders held off the demon air advance. The asphalt tarmac was covered with the bodies of dead and dying demons and the mangled corpses of many of the defenders.
“The prayer had better be worth all this,” Billy said.
Kathryn shook her head, “It’s at least three hundred yards across open ground. How can we cross that?”
Richard dug in the leaves at the edge of the bushes. He pulled a small bag from the hole, inside was a black plastic two way radio. “We’re here,” Richard said into the microphone.
The radio crackled to life, “Roger that. Be ready in two.”
“Copy,” Richard said as he put the radio into his pocket. He looked at Billy, “Be ready, this will be fast.”
“What are you going to do?” Kathryn asked, her muscles tensing.
“We’re going to get you inside.”
The gunfire from the base suddenly increased in volume and was joined by the roar of an engine as two headlights appeared in the distance. A military truck sped toward them, followed by a mass of men and women who spilled out of the base’s garage. They fired into the demons above as the truck crossed the tarmac and slid to a stop in front of the bushes.
“Move!” Richard yelled and the four of them scrambled from the bushes.
The canvas top of the truck had been thrown aside and the four climbed into the truck bed.
Billy stood, a nine millimeter in each hand as the truck spun around and headed back for the garage. He picked his targets, and each pistol report ended with a demon tumbling from the sky.
The demons had pulled back for an instant, unsure of what had happened. But, this was short lived. They fell upon the people standing on the tarmac, swooping down and slashing with their claws.
They’ll be slaughtered, Billy thought. He looked down at Kathryn.
She nodded, “Not for us. These people aren’t going to die for us.”
George pounded on the cab of the truck, “Stop here.”
Richard looked at them, “Wait… what are you doing?”
Kathryn stood up, a fireball passing lazily across the fingers of her right hand, “What we do.”
The truck slid to a stop ten yards from the garage as Billy, Kathryn, and George climbed down from the back of the truck and walked toward the people who had been covering them.
Billy fired the nine millimeters in both hands as they walked.
A woman turned and ran toward them, the ammunition in her rifle expended. A demon swooped behind her, caught her shoulders in its taloned feet and lifted her into the air.
Billy dropped the nine millimeters and pointed his palm at the demon. It stopped, as if crashing into some invisible wall.
Billy closed his palm into a fist, and the demon’s body folded, it’s wings snapping as it dropped the woman to the tarmac. She hit the ground running as the crushed demon hung in midair.
Billy flicked his hand to the right and the crushed demon flew through the air and into the bay beyond the island.
The people on the tarmac were running past them now, fleeing toward the safety of the garage.
“That got there attention,” Kathryn said as the swarm of demons regrouped and flew toward them.
George closed his eyes, “I bless this island, in Nominii Patris et Fillii et Spiritus Sancti.”
Smoke began to rise around Kathryn and she looked down at her feet. Smoke billowed from the souls of her shoes, “Shit, George, really? Valefar Volito.” She rose a few inches into the air and the burning stopped.
George smiled up at her, “Sorry, should have warned you first.”
She pouted down at him, but then smiled, “No you wouldn’t have.” There was the gleam in his eye, the mischievous glint she had despised at first but now missed. He was George for just a moment, the witch-o-phobic George who would have laughed hysterically at the thought of giving a witch a hot foot. Kathryn turned her head to look at the demons, “Globus Incendium.”
Blue fireballs streaked upward from Kathryn’s fingers and the demons shrieked in pain as they caught fire. A few sought refuge on the ground, but as soon as their feet touched the island they burst into flame – the island was now blessed.
Billy stood with his hands outstretched, eyes closed.
The demons above them tried to fly out of range of the fireballs, but soon found that they could not – Billy’s telekinetic powers had created an invisible bubble around the island. The demons were trapped inside and were easy targets for the never ending stream of blue fire from Kathryn’s fingertips and the fifty caliber guns on the building roof.
A few minutes later, the sky was clear and the demons lay burning on the tarmac.
Cheers erupted from the roof as the guns went silent. People began to stream out of the building. Some looked into the silent sky, but most looked at the three visitors who stood side by side in the middle of the carnage.
Kathryn whispered, “I had no idea we could do anything like this.”
“God works in threes,” George said
“We could end this ourselves,” Kathryn said. “We could push them back, all the way back to hell.”
George smiled, “No, we can’t. In the end, we’re only human. Isn’t that right, Billy?”
Billy looked away, “I know what’s coming. We don’t win.” He walked toward the garage.
“Hey, you want your guns?” Kathryn asked.
“I don’t need them anymore, either,” Billy said.


Chapter 30
In San Francisco, Billy, Kathryn, and George had cleared the demon horde from the skies above Treasure Island. Dantalion and two legions of demons who had pledged themselves to defeating the forces of Barbatas waited a few miles away to aid the three in what would come next.
In Virginia, Sammy led an army to Afton Mountain, ready for a downhill battle to Charlottesville and the gate to hell. At the base of Afton Mountain, Barbatas’ forces waited for them.
Ray, Saffron, and Tenzin with their family of werewolves made their way north to Charlottesville to save Rebecca. To their east, Barbatas flew through the night to guard the gate.
In the skies above Kansas, Lucifuge Rofocale stopped his westward flight. Word had been relayed back to him that the siege of Treasure Island had failed. He turned back to Virginia and the doorway, knowing that the final battle would be there.
Rebecca remained trapped, a prisoner in her own body.
At Haine’s Sword Truckstop in Texas, no demons dared come near for fear of a toothless old Comanche man who could crush their bodies with a thought. He looked toward the west and laughed, knowing that one even stronger than he had defeated the demon horde in San Francisco in a night.
In Bucksnort, Tennessee, Cora Latham prayed. Her family watched her to see if she would begin to spout prophecy again. Tonight, she did not disappoint: she floated two feet in the air, her body surrounded by a golden glow the same color as her burning eyes. She pointed to the west and said, “Behold, the three return. And, in their company, the fallen who shall rise again. And, in the east, He raises the dead for the final battle.”

Ashford, Kent, United Kingdom
Fields of decay were all that was left of the farmland that had once been Ashford. Low mists crawled across the mold laden ground. England itself was a wasteland, long abandoned by the few individuals that had survived those first days of the demon onslaught.
Long before the demons came, these fields had been the location of Ashford Air Base, a home for American bomber and fighter pilots during World War II.
The base had been demolished after the war, and the fields returned to their original use as farmland.
But, the ghosts remember.
The mists rolled across the ground, and in the darkness they shifted. The fog traced the outlines of buildings that had once stood there. The field was a place where time is fragile, and on that night time turned. It found a different place, a warmer place, and the ghosts returned.
The building stood silent in the cold air. Gradually, lights began to glow in the windows. The decayed ground flattened, became runways. P-51 D Mustangs, their aluminum skins shiny even in the meager light, were parked along the asphalt in straight lines.
The ghosts walked out of the darkness, touching the planes, opening the cowlings and checking the engines. Fuel trucks, long since gone, returned again to gas up the aircraft.
Major Larry “The Shadow” Adams stood in front of the Commanding Officer’s desk. The older man sat in front of him filling out paper work.
Larry was confused. Things weren’t quite right. He was standing at attention in his uniform, a uniform he hadn’t worn in seventy years. It was seventy years, right? He couldn’t quite remember.
“Something on your mind, Major?” the CO asked.
“Sorry, sir. It’s just... well, I’m having trouble remembering. This is Ashford Air Base, isn’t it?”
“Yes.”
“I feel like I was somewhere else before,” Larry’s voice trailed off.
The CO was gone, Michael sat behind the desk, “You were, Larry.”
Larry blinked. The desk was gone, as was the office itself. He stood alone with Michael in the grey field. “How can this be?”
“Remember, I told you there were more worlds than the one you knew. This is one of them – something in between the time you left and 1945.”
The room was back. Michael was the CO again.
“Why have you brought me here?”
“One last mission, for both of you,” Michael said.
“Both of us?” Larry asked. He turned to his right, “Jess?”
“Lieutenant Jess Wynthrop, sir,” Jess said. He was seventy years younger, a thin mustache replacing his scruffy beard from the veteran’s home.
Larry smiled, “You’re young again.”
Jess smiled back, now his eyes were those of the old Jess, “Looks like we both are.”
“Gentlemen, I’ve called you here today because I need volunteers for a tough mission,” Michael said. “I won’t lie to you, it will most likely be your last.”
Larry nodded, “What do you need us to do, sir?”
“Take the 781st back to the U.S. Rendezvous with a plane carrying VIPs, and escort it to an airfield in Virginia.”
Jess looked confused, “Back in the States, sir? Surely they’re in no danger there.”
“I can’t go into it, gentlemen – but, they’re in great danger.”
Larry shook his head, trying to clear it, “Michael, the 781st – they’re all dead.”
The room was gone, now they were standing on the field in front of a line of P-51s.
Buford “Flash” Gordon climbed down from the closest and spit a stream of tobacco juice on the dead grass. “Hey, Major, it true we’re heading back home?”
“Buford?” Larry asked. “I haven’t seen you since…”
Buford scratched his head, “This morning?”
Larry nodded, “Yeah, I guess it was.”
Jess tapped him on the shoulder, “You going to introduce me?”
“Buford, this is Lieutenant Wynthrop. He’s going to be my wingman on this mission.”
Buford nodded, “Pleased to meet you, Lieutenant. No Willis?”
Larry thought for a moment, where was Willis?
“I’m afraid he won’t be joining you on this mission – he’s been delayed.”

Marion, Virginia
Willis’s head rocked back from the blow. The demon held his arms behind his back while the soldier with a pentagram burned into his forehead punched him in the face.
“One more time, old man,” the soldier asked. “Who was with Kathryn Adams when she came here?”
“Sorry, I got a bad memory. Who’s Kathryn?” Willis said with a smile across his swollen lips.
The soldier drew back to punch him again.
“Stop!” Lucifuge Rofocale roared as he stepped into the room. He was in his demonic form and he towered over everyone else.
The soldier bowed and backed away.
Lucifuge leaned down and stared into Willis’s eyes, “Do you know who is with her?”
“Like I told your goon – I don’t know shit.”
Lucifuge turned and walked away, “Leave him, he knows nothing.”
“Don’t turn your back on me, you ugly bastard,” Willis said.
Lucifuge turned and looked at him, “Are you insane, old man?”
“You think we’re scared of you? We’re not. You’ve had your time, and you’ve done your worst. And, we’re still here.”
“You’re nothing to us,” Lucifuge said as he turned back toward the door.
“Oh, that’s a lie. You’re scared. Scared out of your mind. Scared of Kathy, but you’re a lot more afraid of who she’s with, aren’t you?”
Lucifuge turned and lunged at him, picking Willis up by the back of his shirt, “You know something?”
“Who? Me? All I know is you’re scared. And, I like that a lot. Means your time is almost up. But, I got news for you – I’ve known Kathy all her life, and if you’re more afraid of somebody else? Ugly, you ain’t seen nothing like her when she gets good and pissed. She’s a lot like her grandfather in that respect.”
“We’ll find her. She has a destiny to fulfill,” Lucifuge said with a smile on his fanged lips. “She’s going to be the bride of Satan.”
Willis smiled, and then laughed in his face, “Ugly, you put Kathy up against the devil himself? I’m betting on Kathy.”
Lucifuge snarled and threw Willis to the floor, smiling at the sound of the old man’s brittle bones breaking.
Willis lay still for a moment, and then began to laugh again, blood spilling from his lips onto the tile floor.
“Something amusing?”
“Just wanted to thank you,” Willis gasped.
“Thank me for killing you?”
“There are more worlds than this,” Willis said.
Lucifuge’s reptilian eyes widened, “What did you say?”

Treasure Island
The dark hallways of the naval station were filled with the wounded. George walked ahead of them, and people reached out to touch him as he walked past. They all knew of him.
Kathryn and Billy walked a few paces behind him.
“Hi, how are you?” Kathryn said as she walked past the wounded. People turned away from her, pressed themselves against the wall. “Nice night, huh?”
Billy walked along, staring at the littered floor.
Kathryn smiled at him, “Welcome to the Pariah club. I’m the Whore of Babylon, you’re a male version of Carrie – we should go to the prom together. Something tells me it’ll be me that gets dowsed in pig blood, though.”
“What?” Billy asked.
“Never mind, classical reference.”
Two men stepped in front of them, “Only the priest beyond this point.” They held their fingers on the trigger guards of their rifles.
“Yep, just as popular with the church goers as usual,” Kathryn said.
Billy looked up from the floor and gazed at the two men.
They dropped their rifles and began to convulse as they collapsed back against the walls to either side.
“Billy,” George said. “It’s okay. Let them go.”
Billy looked away, and the two men collapsed to the floor, “You sure you want to do this alone?”
“It’s their house, they want it this way.”
Billy frowned, “What they want doesn’t matter anymore.”
Kathryn stared at him. He wasn’t Billy anymore, no more than George was himself. They were different people than the ones she had met in Lynchburg, and she was afraid of both of them.
George walked down the hall.
Kathryn and Billy sat down on the floor.
“Penny for your thoughts,” she said.
“Thinking about how we get back,” Billy said.
“Yeah, I’m not really looking forward to driving back the way we came.”
“It will be different this time. George and I are much more powerful. I don’t think we’ll have much trouble.”
Kathryn nodded, “Only, you’re thinking we would go back on a more northern route, like I70 through Kansas.”
“Maybe.”
“Makes it much more convenient to start the battle of Armageddon, right? I mean in your vision you fight the battle in Kansas?”
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Billy said.
Kathryn stood up, “I need some air.”

George was led to a set of double doors on the second floor. 
A man wearing a priest’s cassock met him, “I’m Father Sullivan.” He was an older man in his mid-fifties. His vestments were dirty, his hair unkempt.
George followed him into the room and Father Sullivan closed the doors behind them. The room beyond was warmed by a small fireplace. Old books were stacked from floor to ceiling.
“Why do you lie about being a priest?” George asked as he walked to the window.
Sullivan stopped, a frown on his face, “How do you know?”
“Because I’m the only one, Mr. Sullivan. I have that on high authority.”
Sullivan sat down on the edge of his desk, “High authority?”
“The highest.”
Sullivan swallowed.
“Again, why are you lying?”
“It’s a habit now, I guess. I’ve been telling the lie for so long. I was working for the Diocese of San Francisco when the war came.”
“In what capacity?”
He looked at the floor, “I was the janitor, Father.”
George smiled, “So, you told people you were a priest so they would protect you?”
“No, no Father. To protect it.”
“It? The prayer?”
“Yes, the Archbishop gave it to me just before he was killed. He asked me to keep it safe, and I have, Father. I’ve kept it safe for eight years.”
“May I see it?”
Sullivan looked uncomfortable, “Yes. If you must.”
“You’ve read it, haven’t you?”
“The Archbishop asked me never to open it.”
George smiled, “But, you’ve taken no vows. So, you opened it.”
Sullivan opened the desk drawer and pulled out a small wooden box. He laid it on the green blotter, “Yes, may God forgive me. I did.”
George walked over and took the ornate box, “All this way, so many dead along the way. All for the piece of paper in this box.”
Sullivan looked away as George opened the box.
George took out the old piece of parchment and looked at it.
Sullivan’s voice cracked as he asked, “Tell me, Father. Is it what you expected?”
George laughed, “Yes, it is.”
“Then please explain it to me, Father. I’ve puzzled over it since I opened the box in my moment of weakness six years ago.”
“When the first doorway opened in the Transvaal Mountains almost six hundred fifty years ago, Pope Urban VI was in power.
“Many in the Church believed that the doorway to hell signaled the end of days, but the Pope believed it would be the salvation of the entire world.”
“I’m afraid I don’t follow,” Sullivan said.
“In 1385, the world was a much different place. People believed in witches, vampires, and werewolves. They believed in magic. Do you know why?”
Sullivan shook his head.
“Because it was real. Magic was real, vampires were real, all of it was real – because the doorway had been open for thousands of years, just a little. Just enough for those things from the hell side to seep into our world.
“When the doorway was opened wide in Europe, Pope Urban VI formed an alliance with a powerful wizard. A man named Asarlas. We killed him a few weeks ago in Texas.”
“What?”
“Wait till the end, you’ll understand. Urban made a pact with Asarlas to turn back the demons, but leave the doorway open a bit more than it had been open before. No demons could get through, but magic would be stronger. Asarlas agreed. My friend Kathryn had part of the story right, but she didn’t know that.
“Urban and Asarlas went to the doorway with an army. The army beat back the demons, Asarlas closed the doorway enough so they couldn’t return. And then, Urban sprang his trap.”
“The prayer.”
“An exorcism. He prayed to God to cast the demons back into hell, along with all the witches. Asarlas was cast into hell along with all the magic users.”
Sullivan shook his head, “But, that doesn’t explain the paper.”
George laughed, “You mean the fact that it’s blank? It was a prayer, Mr. Sullivan. Just a prayer from a flawed man to God. There was nothing to write.”
“It’s horrible,” Sullivan said.
“Yes, it was. But, a hundred years without magic led to the Renaissance, Mr. Sullivan. Mankind traded his magic circles and grimoires for telescopes and the periodic table. I won’t judge him, and neither should you. We lost Alchemy, but we gained DaVinci.”
“But, aren’t you angry? You traveled across the country, risked your lives, lost friends.”
“The Buddhists say it’s not the destination, it’s the journey. Perhaps they’re right,” George stood in front of the man. “What’s your full name, Mr. Sullivan.”
“Timothy Sullivan, Father.”
“Timothy, I’m not a Catholic priest. Frankly, I find the whole idea of a chastity vow to be silly. I’ll leave that part to you.”
“I don’t understand.”
George held his Bible in his right hand and placed his left hand on Timothy’s shoulder, “I’m paraphrasing here: Timothy Sullivan, do you vow to resist the Devil and all his temptations and to follow the one true God for all of your days.”
“I do, but I still don’t understand.”
“Then I anoint you Father Timothy Sullivan, in Nominii Patris et Fillii et Spiritus Sancti.”
Timothy looked at him in shock.
“There, you’re no longer a liar. I’d lay low for a while in here, if I were you. Every demon on earth will be gunning for you,” George said as he tossed the parchment and box into the fire.
Timothy genuflected, “That’s all I have to do?”
“Father Timothy, you held the secret of how to save the world safe for eight years. You inspired all these people to help you. I’ll let you in on a secret: God gave me a short list of things to do in the time I have left, your vows were next to last on the list.”
“I don’t know what to say.”
“Well, technically you’re Pope now. I’d suggest you start building back the church. And, I meant what I said about that whole celibacy thing – creates a lot of problems,” George said as he walked toward the double doors.
“Wait!”
George sighed, “I’m in a bit of a hurry here, Father. I have to get the Left Hand of God and the Whore of Babylon back to Virginia without either of them destroying the world.”
Timothy stood, “We can help with that.”

Billy found Kathryn standing at the threshold between the open garage door and the asphalt. She was touching the asphalt with the toe of her right shoe and watching it smoke and sizzle.
“I’m sorry,” Billy said as he walked up beside her.
“Yeah, usually I’m the bitchy one.”
Billy smiled, “That’s true.”
She punched him in the shoulder, “Still pals?”
“Yeah,” Billy said.
George walked into the garage behind them with Richard, “What are you two standing around for? We need to get moving.”
“You have the prayer?” Kathryn asked.
“Yes, I do.”
She held out her hand, “I’ll take it.”
George laughed, “A Pope’s prayer? You’d burst into flame.”
“Then put it in something. You’re part in this is done.”
He shook his head, “Not quite, Kathryn. But almost. Richard here is going to give us a lift to the airport.”
Kathryn and Billy just looked at him.

Reykjavik, Iceland
Petur Richter stood beside his grandfather as he lit the last of the oil lanterns that marked the snowy landing strip. Setting out lanterns for planes that were not coming was one thing, grooming a landing strip that would never be used was one thing, but actually lighting the lanterns themselves? His grandfather had gone over the edge.
“Afi, grandmother is going to be angry you are wasting oil.”
Grandfather smiled, “Let her be angry. Tonight will be a night you will tell your grandchildren about.”
“Afi,” Petur began, but he didn’t finish the sentence. How did you argue with insanity?
His grandfather pulled him to the other side of the lanterns, “You must be careful, with the overcast they might not see you until they rolled right over you.”
“Afi, they are not coming.”
His grandfather wasn’t listening, “Nights just like this I stood with my father and listened to them. Each sounded different, you know? The English Spitfire sounded so different from the American P-40. When I was your age, I could identify them by sound alone.”
The wind picked up on the field.
“Yes, all different sounds. But, I liked none more than this sound, Petur.” The wind became louder, and the air began to buzz.
The boy stepped close to his grandfather, “What is this sound?” He felt as if the teeth in his head were beginning to shake.
His grandfather was laughing now, his voice a shout against the engine roar, “P-51 Mustangs.”
The first of the silver planes touched down on the field, a whirling vortex of snow behind it. Eleven more followed close behind. The tails of the planes were decorated with winged figures, all accept one which was painted a bright red.
“How can this be?” the boy screamed as the silver planes rolled down the strip.
“I told you, they’ve returned to save the world,” the old man said.

The boy ran down the strip after the planes. They reached the end of the field and turned. The canopies began to open as the props slowed.
Petur stopped as the men began to descend from the cockpits. A big man with blond hair and a name tag on his jacket that said Gordon waved at him, “Fill her up with Ethyl, kid.”
Another pilot yelled out, “Yeah, and if you don’t got Ethyl, her sister’ll do.”
“Damn, that’s an old joke,” Buford said.
“Still a good one, though.”
Petur’s eyes grew wide as his grandfather caught up with him, “Afi, they need fuel. We have no fuel.”
“I am sorry, my friends, we have no fuel,” his grandfather said.
The commander, a tall thin man with red hair walked up to him, “What do you call that?” He pointed behind Petur’s grandfather.
A fuel pumper on a handcart stood just beyond the lights.
The boys eyes grew huge in the light from the lanterns.
The commander smiled, “Come on. We’ll help you.”

Petur helped his grandfather and the pilots fuel the planes. When they were done, he pulled his grandfather aside, “These men, they are ghosts, grandfather?”
His grandfather nodded, “I think so, Petur.”
The red haired commander walked over to them, “We’re heading out, Mr.?”
“Richter, Eric Richter. This is my grandson, Petur.”
“Pleased to meet you, Major Larry Adams.”
Eric reached out and shook the ghost’s hand. The grip was firm and warm, “May God be with you, Major.”
Larry laughed as he walked toward the plane, “Just so long as he isn’t against us.” Larry searched the pocket of his jacket, “You like chocolate, kid?”
“He’s never had it,” his grandfather said.
“Never had it? This rationing is getting crazy,” Larry said as he tossed the boy a slightly broken Hershey bar.
Petur caught it in midair.
The boy and his grandfather stood back as the fighters started their engines and rolled to the opposite end of the runway. They turned at the end and one by one accelerated back toward the old man and the boy, climbing into the air midway down the strip.
Major Adams was the last to take off.
The boy watched as he banked hard right and flew back over the field, barrel rolling as he did, before returning to formation with the others.
Petur and Eric stood watching the horizon long after the planes had disappeared into the clouds.
“No one will ever believe us, Afi,” Petur said.
Eric pulled his grandson close and tapped him on his forehead, “Ha! Then let them explain a seventy year old chocolate bar.”

San Francisco Bay
The speedboat surged through the dark waters of the bay. The demons had fled the area completely, and all along the waterfront lights began to appear in the windows of buildings.
“They’re taking it back,” Billy said.
George nodded, “They’re emerging from the darkness.”
Kathryn looked out on the dark water, “Did we drive the demons away?”
“No,” Billy said. “They’re calling them back to Charlottesville. They know we have the prayer. They’ll put everything into guarding the gate now.”
George smiled, “It’s a pity. Here these people are, crawling up from the underground, thinking they have a chance again. But, we know that you are going to end the world. They’re better off dead.”
Billy looked at him, “There a point to this conversation?”
“All the great evils in the world have been committed when men thought they had no choice, no free will. They were committed to a course of action from which there could be no deviation. All fate.”
“I’m choosing my path.”
“Yes, I believe you are. But, if the path you’ve chosen truly leads you to Kansas, do us all a favor: walk there. Give Kathryn and I enough time to try to end this the right way, before you screw over the whole world because you’re in pain.”
Billy turned away, “Don’t lecture me.”

The boat pulled up close to the rocks beside San Francisco Airport. Richard threw out the anchor and the four of them climbed across the rocks to the runway.
They could see light in the distance, and as they drew near they could see it was from burning trash barrels in front of an open hangar.
“We found it about a month ago. We’ve kept it gassed up, one of our people turned out to be a pilot,” Richard said as they drew near.
Billy reached out and gripped Richard’s shoulder, “Wait, something’s not right.”
“No, it’s okay, we’ve left it well guarded.”
“Not good enough,” Kathryn said. She pointed at a crumpled form lying near one of the barrels. She started a fireball spell.
“You can put it away,” Billy said. “There’s nothing here but the dead.”
The bodies were strewn across the inside of the hangar. Their throats had been ripped out.
“Vampires,” Billy said as he checked the bodies. They had been drained, not turned.
“Oh, no, the plane,” Richard said as he looked at the crushed and ripped fuselage of a Learjet.
“They knew. Probably known for a long time. When the demons were destroyed, they hit the hangar. All just to slow us down,” Billy said.
Kathryn walked deeper into the hangar.
George sighed, looking old in the flickering light of the fires. He needed speed. He had to get Billy back to Virginia before the younger man grew so powerful and angry that he couldn’t control himself.

Kathryn stood near the back of the hangar and looked at the dark shape that loomed there, “Valefar Felis Mira.” Kathryn’s pupils elongated into cat’s eyes. The room filled with light. “Oh, my God.”
The plane sat on its landing gear, the aluminum skin painted a pale beige. The tail was marked San Diego Freight.
“Guys, can you come here a minute?” Kathryn called as she looked at the old plane.
George and Billy walked up behind her. Richard pulled a flashlight from his pocket and shined it on the plane.
“Looks old,” George said.
“It’s a Douglas DC-3, C-47 Skytrain variant. Last ones rolled off the assembly line in 1950,” Kathryn said as she ran her hand down the smooth aluminum of the starboard wing. She looked reverent. “These engines – twin Rolls Royce Darts. They’re not original, probably added sometime in the 50s.”
Billy and George stared at her.
She shook her head, fighting back tears. “After World War II, my grandfather and Uncle Willis, they flew C-47s carrying freight all over the country. I know every inch of a C-47, every rivet. The only happy times of my life were spent on these planes.”
“Kathryn, this plane is seventy years old. What makes you think it will even start?” Billy asked.
“Faith,” George said.
“It’ll start, and it will fly,” Kathryn said. “Because in all the world, this is the only plane I know how to fly, and it’s sitting here in a hangar precisely when we need it.”

University of Virginia Observatory, Charlottesville, Virginia
Eight years after Nathan Campbell and his dog had watched the comings and goings of the demons through the doorway from the UVA observatory, the building had changed little. The flat part of the roof leaked in places, and the wooden floor under these leaks had rotted and warped.
A close look at the floor would have revealed the spot where Friday had ripped away the throat of a warlock named Seymour “Lightbane” Levitz. Nearby, the coat hanger Nathan Campbell had used to brand himself with his homemade pentagram rusted in the darkness.
Now Ray Adair and twenty werewolves waited inside the building.

Ray punched the vampire in the face and immediately regretted it, he barely rocked the man’s head back and almost broke his fingers in the process, “Ouch, son of a bitch.”
The vampire, a physics technician they had grabbed when he ventured out of the black stone pyramid that now housed the doorway, laughed at him. They had tied the vampire to a chair.
“Are you trying to impress me?” Saffron asked Ray. “I know you’re very strong for a human. You can hold me up with one hand when we breed. You don’t need to impress me.”
Ray pointed at her, “We really have to work on tact.”
She frowned at him, “Not following.”
“Never mind,” Ray said. He kicked the vampire in the face, and that drew a much better reaction. “Once more leech: pretty blonde, about twenty. Barbatas would have brought her here and passed her through the doorway.”
The vampire spit blood on the floor, but healed almost instantly, “I keep telling you. I’m a technician, I look at the monitors, keep things running. I don’t pay any attention to what the demons do.”
“Bullshit. They brought her in, you would’ve noticed. You can smell humans from a mile away, like a bear smelling a cookout.”
The vampire smiled at him, “I didn’t smell anything delicious come through, old man.”
“Fine. Have it your way. Saffron, you hungry?” Ray asked.
“Famished.”
“Good, eat his face – leave his tongue so he can tell us the truth once you’re finished.”
Saffron smiled at the vampire and started to change. She opened her mouth and licked her sharp fangs with her long tongue.
“Sorry, leech, I tried. Just so you know, once they get a taste of you, they can’t stop.”
“Wait, stop. Okay, Barbatas brought a girl here about a week ago,” the vampire said.
Saffron took a step back.
“Keep talking,” Ray said.
“They put her through the doorway, then a few hours later, they brought her back through.”
“What did they do to her?”
“I don’t know, whatever it was, it didn’t work. Barbatas was screaming about it not working unless she did it willingly.”
“So, they didn’t do anything to her?”
“No, they put a demon inside her – possessed her.”
Ray sat down on the floor, “Jesus.”
“You’re going to let me go now, right?” the vampire asked.
“Where is she?”
“On the second floor in the great hall above the doorway. She stays there. Hey, I told you what you wanted.”
“That you did. Saffron, get the others.”
The vampire looked panicked, “What are you going to do?”
“I have a building full of werewolves to feed,” Ray said.
Saffron smiled, her teeth growing as she began to growl.

San Francisco Airport
They had used a tractor to pull the C-47 out of the hangar. The old plane had creaked and groaned as it rolled. Kathryn had spent two hours under the engine cowlings before declaring them sound.
Richard stood outside, ready to pull the chocks away from the landing gear.
Billy sat in the copilot’s seat, and watched Kathryn as she performed the preflight checks.
She looked nervous, but Billy sensed she was having the time of her life.
George stood behind them in the doorway to the cockpit. He looked at Billy, “Can’t you learn to fly this thing just by touching it?”
Billy shook his head, “The plane was refurbished. The seat and controls were never actually used before. No psychic imprint.”
Kathryn grinned, “What’s the matter, George. Don’t trust my flying?”
“Just thought you might need a break at some point. Better to have two pilots.”
“No, way,” Kathryn said. “I’m going to fly this old girl all the way to Virginia.”
“If it will start,” Billy said.
“It will,” Kathryn said. “Okay, let’s see, battery switch on.” She reached over her head and flipped a switch. The cockpit filled with a low hum as power was applied to the engine.
“Boost pump on,” she flipped a second switch. “Now, we start the engine spinning – eight rotations.”
The starboard engine began to turn slowly.
Kathryn counted the rotations, “Seven, eight, and switch on.” She flipped another switch and the starboard engine roared to life with a billow of white smoke. “Woohoo! Would you look at that?”
Billy shook his head and smiled.
“Okay, okay, calm it down, Kathy. Starboard oil pressure, starboard oil pressure… there it is, yeah looks good. Now for the port engine.”
The port engine began to turn slowly, “Seven, eight, and switch on!”
The port engine roared to life.
Kathryn was giggling uncontrollably, “George, if I wouldn’t spontaneously combust, I’d even kiss you right now.”
George smiled.
“Oil pressure is good. Okay, let’s fly this puppy,” she leaned out the window. “Chocks away! So long, Richard.”
Richard waved and yanked the rope attached to the chocks away.
The plane began to roll down the runway.
“Whoa, steer with your feet, Kathy,” she said as she worked the rudder pedals. She straightened the plane on the runway and ran the throttle up.
The old plane picked up speed. The tail lifted.
“Kathryn, you know that’s the bay at the end of the runway, right?” George asked.
“Forgetting something, forgetting something,” Kathryn said. “Oh, shit, flaps!”
She pulled down a lever and the flaps extended on the wings.
The plane bounced once. They could see the choppy water beyond the end of the runway.
“Kathryn, the bay,” George said.
“Stop talking you’re making me nervous,” Kathryn said.
The plane bounced again, and then a third time. She nudged the throttle once more and the plane leapt into the air just short of the bay.
“Yes! See I told you I could fly this plane!”
The C-47 rose into the air and the landing gear retracted.

Richard watched the plane as it grew smaller against the dark skyline of Oakland, “Godspeed.”
Above his head, the air was suddenly filled with the sound of beating wings as two legions of demons soared over the airport and took up formation with the plane.
Richard genuflected, “God save us all.” 

Part Eight: Flight

The first time I ever saw a jet, I shot it down. 
- General Chuck Yeager

A lost battle is a battle one thinks one has lost.
- Jean-Paul Sartre

Ah, well; who wants to live forever? Dive! 
- Vultan, Flash Gordon


Chapter 31
Sammy stood on the eastern slope of Afton Mountain and looked down at the valley below through binoculars. Smoke trails from hundreds of demon encampments rose into the air till they merged with the grey cloud above.
“What are you thinking?” Kerwin asked as he walked up beside him.
“I’m thinking we are seriously outnumbered.”
The younger man nodded, “Looks like it.”
“How many do we have now?”
“Last estimate was 80,000.”
Sammy whistled, “80,000 militia with no supply chain and no shelter. We’re outnumbered three to one. Our objective is twenty-five miles away, but it might as well be 25,000 – we’re stuck.”
“Yes, sir. But, on the positive side, we hold the high ground, and our enemy uses medieval weapons, if they use any weapons at all.”
Sammy shook his head, “We can’t last up here more than another couple of days. We’ll need a frontal assault down the mountain, and I’m not sure we can break through. Why send us here when there’s no way to attack?” 
Eighty thousand people, Sammy thought. Not enough, not nearly enough. We couldn’t possibly make it through that. And, then it came to him. “I need a map.”
Kerwin pulled a map from his pocket and unfolded it on a large limestone rock at their feet.
Sammy knelt down, “Only one road to Charlottesville?”
Kerwin nodded, “Yeah, unless you want to take the park road.” He traced a long meandering line that hugged the mountain ridges. “Narrow, and slow – it intersects route 33 at Swift Run Gap and comes out north of Charlottesville. No way you’re moving 80,000 troops down this.”
“No, not 80,000. You take that many men to destroy a city. That’s not what we’re trying to do. We need a surgical strike on the doorway. Pick out one hundred of the best men we’ve got, and the fastest transports.”
“You’re going to leave all this militia here and attack with 100?”
Sammy smiled, “Not exactly.”

Over Blair, Nevada
Kathryn looked out the cockpit windows at the demons that flew beside, above, and below them. Occasionally, they swooped in close, trailing their long black talons along the smooth aluminum skin of the plane.
They’re like dolphins, she thought. Dolphins swimming beside a ship, playing in the wake.
It was so hard to think of them as anything other than evil, but it was clear to her, although their home was in hell, they were born to soar through the skies.
She looked out beyond them, as far as the cloud laden sky would allow. Somewhere ahead of them were more demons, only when they arrived it would not be to play.
In the co-pilot’s seat, Billy stirred, “Where are we?”
“Just crossed into Nevada.”
“How far can we fly on the fuel we have?”
Kathryn held up a map, “Sixteen hundred miles – that should get us to the St. Louis area.”
“You do know how to land this thing, right?” Billy asked.
“Of course, last thing my grandfather taught me.”
“So, you’ve landed before?”
“Yeah, once.”
“Once?”
Kathryn rolled her eyes, “Look, takeoffs are easy – grandpa let me do that all the time. Landings are harder. He only let me land once just before I went off to college.”
“How did you do?”
“I got the wheels on the runway,” Kathryn said with a smile. “Mostly.”
“Great,” Billy said as he got up and walked into the back.

George was standing midway back looking out the windows on the right side of the plane. He looked up at Billy, “It’s amazing, beautiful even without the sun.”
Billy looked out at the grey hills below, “Kathryn says there’s enough fuel to make St. Louis. I think it best if we put down somewhere in Kansas. We’ll part company there.”
The color drained from George’s face. “You’re going to do it, aren’t you? You’re going to leave us to close the doorway on our own.”
“George, listen to me. If you manage to close the door, great. But, I’ve seen what happens. It doesn’t work.”
“You don’t know that. You saw one possible outcome, one possible fate. Nathan Campbell told you that you screw it up – this is precisely how.”
“None of it matters, George. Not anymore.”
George shook his head and sat down on the bench, “Yes, it does. There are millions of people left.”
“Without her, none of it matters.”
George opened his mouth to say something when the door at the rear of the plane opened.
Dantalion grabbed the sides of the doorway and pulled himself into the cabin, “Pardon the intrusion, gentlemen.”
“I thought opening the door would suck all the air out of the plane?” George asked.
“Not at this altitude,” Dantalion said as he pulled the door shut and latched it. “Above 18,000 feet, things become more difficult. I need to speak with you.”
“About?” Billy asked.
“I sent a patrol to fly ahead of us. They just reported back that there is a force of demons ahead of us at Cortez in Colorado.”
“How many?”
“Less than a legion. Barbatas has made a line of demon encampments from north to south. He will know when we cross this line.”
“I don’t understand,” George asked.
Billy nodded, “I do. He’s got no way of coordinating an attack against us unless he knows where we are. Once we get to Cortez, he’ll know our position.”
“Exactly,” Dantalion said. “We’ll be fighting a running battle after that. All the demon forces from Colorado to Virginia will converge on us.”
“Dantalion, do you think Barbatas has any idea your legions are with us?” Billy asked.
“I think not.”
“You think one of your legions could handle an encampment on their own?”
“Yes, they could. I don’t see…”
“Send a legion to the southeast to the encampment closest to the Mexican border.”
Dantalion smiled, his thin reptilian lips pulling back to show a long row of sharp fangs, “We’ll make them think we’re flying a southern route, draw their forces to the south, while we pass through hundreds of miles to the north.”
“Once the encampment is completely destroyed, have the legion circle back and rendezvous with us.”
Dantalion bowed as he walked back toward the door, “Truly, you are the Left Hand of God.”
George looked at Billy as the demon swung his body into the wind and pulled the door shut behind him.


Afton Mountain, Virginia
“At dawn, you’re going to lead 20,000 men down the mountain and attack the demons head on,” Sammy said.
Kerwin looked at him, “You’re shitting me, right?”
“I’m dead serious,” Sammy said. “At the same time, I want every man left in the camp shooting into the air.”
“What?”
Sammy pointed up at the low clouds above them, “I think there are demons flying in the clouds overhead, watching us. I want them distracted, watching the forces heading down the mountain and dodging bullets when I take my one hundred men up the park road.”
“Okay, can we go back to the suicide mission you want me to lead down the mountain?”
Sammy laughed, “Make the demons know they were in a fight, then retreat back up the mountain. Then just dig in at the top and wait.”
“Wait for what?”
Sammy shook his head, “I don’t know – a miracle, sign from God, a burning bush. Shit, man, I don’t know any better than you do.”

University of Virginia Observatory, Charlottesville, Virginia
Ray looked out the window and down the hill toward the black stone pyramid. In the darkness, he could see nothing, but he knew it was there.
And, she was in there, somewhere. He squeezed his right hand into a fist so tight his knuckles went pale.
He felt Saffron’s small hands on his shoulders, “You should sleep.”
He reached up and stroked her hand with his, “If I do get to her, what do I do? She’s possessed – hell, I don’t even know what that means, really.”
“She’s our pack, we’ll figure it out,” Saffron said.
Ray turned and pulled her to him, “Everything’s simple to you, isn’t it?”
She smiled, “I don’t waste time with worry. I focus on the doing, not the planning. When the time comes, we will know what to do.”
“I love you, you know that?”
“Of course you do, you’d be a fool not to.”
Ray kissed her, “Tell Tenzin we’re attacking at dawn. It feels right.”
Her eyes flashed in the dark, “I pity them.”
“Who?”
“The demons. Tomorrow, they will know what hell truly is.”

The Black Pyramid, Charlottesville, Virginia
Barbatas stood in front of the massive fireplace in the great hall. The room was as big as a football field and built of smooth black rock. The walls were lit with torches, and their flickering light cast long shadows throughout the room.
The large room was meant to be the celebration hall for the birth of the antichrist, but Barbatas feared that it would never serve its intended purpose.
Circumstances, Barbatas thought. Circumstances have changed.
A vampire walked up the wide stairs from the first floor, “Lord Barbatas, there is a report from the west.”
“The plane has been found?”
“The garrison at Las Cruces, New Mexico has been wiped out.:
“How?”
“Unknown, my Lord.”
Barbatas leaned against the mantle, “Wiped out. I expected them to be attacked, but wiped out?”
“My Lord, given this information, should we move the forces to intercept? We should be able to catch them in north Texas.”
Barbatas hesitated. He had expected someone in the garrison to be left alive to confirm the sighting of the plane, but there was no time to lose. “Yes, move our forces in the west to intercept. What of the army on Afton Mountain?”
“We believe they intend to attack soon. They appear to be making ready. Our forces in the valley will destroy them.”
Barbatas turned and looked at the vampire, “Any other news? Strange occurrences?”
“Well, we do have a missing technician. He left the pyramid yesterday afternoon and hasn’t been seen since. I’m sure it’s nothing, my Lord.”
Barbatas nodded.
The vampire went back to the stairs, leaving Barbatas to stare into the fire. “And, how are we this evening, my dear?”
Above him, a shadow moved on the ceiling. The shape climbed along the sloped wall. Rebecca climbed down into the light and looked at him with pale red eyes.

The vampire descended the stairs and re-entered the doorway to the control room.
The elder stood looking at the latest report on the power levels and shook her head.
“Something wrong, elder?”
“Walk with me, Peter,” she said as she led him out of the control room and into the first floor hallway beyond.
“I need you to do something for me.”
“Yes, elder?”
“Go to the airport and have our plane readied for departure. We’re going back to Chicago.”
Peter looked confused, “I don’t understand.”
“We’ve finished analyzing the power requirements to open the doorway completely – given the amount of power at our disposal, it’s impossible.”
“Lord Barbatas will be…”
“Furious,” the elder said completing his sentence. “He will kill us all. We will fall back to Chicago and prepare to fight whoever wins this damned war. At this point, I believe it will be the humans – and I believe they will attack this place very soon. I will not lose one of our people for Satan’s war, let the demons burn.”


Over Dodge City, Kansas
As dawn drew near in Charlottesville, Billy Murphy stared out at the bleak landscape of west Kansas. He had told Kathryn to find the closest airport and set the plane down. It was time he went out on his own.
George glared at him from the cockpit door, “What was this all for, Billy?”
“Ask God, I think he started it,” Billy said as he turned back to the window. Power surged through him. He seemed to be charging like a battery, absorbing the raw psychic energy from the hell side. He could read the minds of people within a thousand miles without effort.
Billy reached out with his mind. A massive number of troops at Afton Mountain were preparing to attack the demons. He reached out farther, a plane load of vampires had abandoned the black pyramid and were heading back to Chicago. It wouldn’t be far enough – he would find them, and destroy them.
He reached out to Charlottesville and felt… “Ray?”
George looked at him, “Did you say something?”

University of Virginia Observatory, Charlottesville, Virginia
Ray Adair stood on the front lawn of the observatory with twenty werewolves, among them his pregnant wife. They were beginning to change in the foggy morning gloom.
Tenzin smiled, his mouth full of sharp teeth, “Lead, and we will follow.”
Ray smiled back, “Let’s go get…” He never finished the sentence. His eyes rolled back in his head, and he fell backward onto the dead grass.
A moment later, he was sitting in the cabin of an old plane with Billy.
“Billy? How?”
Billy broke into a smile, “I thought… I thought you were dead.”
“No, no, almost… did you bring me here?”
“You’re in my head, or maybe I’m in yours,” Billy said. “I’m glad you’re alive, Ray.”
“Likewise, kid – where the hell are you… we?
“Over Kansas, Ray I need to tell you. I’m going to destroy the world today. You need to hide somewhere till I’m done.”
“What?”
“It’s a long story, I’m glad I got to talk to you first.”
Ray’s eyes flashed with anger, “Look, kid, I don’t know where the hell you are, or why you think you can destroy the world, but you need to get your ass to the doorway. Barbatas has Rebecca.”
Billy looked away, “Rebecca’s dead, Ray.”
“No, she isn’t. They sent her through the doorway and brought her back with a demon inside. She’s possessed, not dead.”
“Rebecca’s alive?” Billy asked. How could this be? He had sensed her death, and he could no longer feel her.
“She’s alive, kid, but not for much longer. Listen, I’m in Charlottesville with a pack of werewolves…”
Billy was smiling, tears flowing as he spoke, “She’s alive?”
“Yes, Billy, she’s alive.”
Billy wiped his eyes, “Wait for me, we’ll be there by noon, Ray.”
“Christ, kid, hurry up.”
“Did you say you had werewolves with you?”

Ray opened his eyes to see Saffron crouched over him, “What happened?”
Ray laughed and then leaned up and kissed her, “Billy’s coming. Get the pack back inside the building. We’re waiting till he gets here.”

Over Wichita, Kansas
George shook Billy, “Are you okay?”
Billy looked at him and smiled, “She’s alive! George, Rebecca is alive!” He leapt to his feet and ran to the cockpit.
Kathryn looked up, “I’ll have you on the ground in fifteen minutes.”
Billy leaned in and kissed Kathryn’s cheek, “Forget it. Get this crate to Charlottesville. She’s alive, Kathryn! Rebecca is alive.”
Kathryn rolled her eyes, “One minute he wants to end the world, the next he’s dancing. You’re seriously demented, Billy Murphy. What do you think, Padre?”
George wasn’t listening, he was on his knees in the cabin praying.

The Black Pyramid, Charlottesville, Virginia
Barbatas roared as he ran down the stairs. The control room was empty. “Where are they?” he bellowed.
A demon rushed to his side, “They disappeared before dawn, Lord Barbatas.”
Barbatas struck the demon, knocking him across the stone floor, “Cowards! They’ve fled.”
“Who has fled, Barbatas?” a voice asked from the entrance.
Barbatas turned as Lucifuge Rofocale entered with an entourage of demons and ogres, “The elder bitch and the other vampires have abandoned their posts.”
“Vampires have no loyalty except to their own kind. It is unimportant. What of the plane?”
“Last night we diverted our forces to north Texas. I believe this was a ruse. They have slipped through our grasp, but only for a moment. I will send the forces back to the northeast. They must be somewhere over Kansas or Missouri. We will find them.”
“This has gone on for far too long, Barbatas. They are only hours away from us with that damnable prayer.”
“They will not reach us.”
Lucifuge grasped Barbatas’ arm, “There are forces at work here. The situation is being manipulated. Throw every air unit we have at stopping the plane.”

Earlysville, north of Charlottesville, Virginia
Sammy climbed down from the bed of the truck and stretched. The drive along the park road had been long and nauseating – the narrow road had been made to hug the contours of the mountains. Sitting in the back of a flatbed had been murder on his inner ear.
He held back the gorge that was rising in his throat as he stood on the side of the road. The last thing his one hundred commandos needed was to see him toss his cookies in the ditch.
“You look a little green,” a man’s voice asked behind him.
Sammy turned. The owner of the voice was tall and skinny and wore a black duster. Round glasses framed his face below short blonde hair. “Do I know you?”
“No. My name is Billy Murphy,” the man said.
Sammy rubbed his eyes. The man seemed not quite solid. He stared at the younger man and realized he could see the outline of the flatbed through the man’s body. Sammy’s hand dropped to his sidearm, “What the hell.”
Billy held up his hands, “I mean you no harm.”
Sammy looked around. None of the other men seemed to notice Billy at all.
“They can’t see me. I’m in your head, Sammy. I apologize for the intrusion, but I need your help.”
“What sort of help?” Sammy asked. He was aware that some of the other men were beginning to look his way. Their general was talking to himself.
“I’m a psychic, I’m traveling your way with the Reverend George Leeds and a witch named Kathryn Adams.”
“Kathy Adams? Larry Adams’ granddaughter?”
“You know her?”
“Yes, and I knew her grandfather very well.”
“Sammy, I don’t have much time. I know you’re headed to Charlottesville to destroy the doorway. I have friends waiting there to help us do the same thing.”
“We’ll take all the help we can get.”
“I need you to rendezvous with my friends and wait on us to reach you. Can you do that?” Billy asked.
Sammy thought for a moment, “How do I know I can trust you?”
Billy smiled, “You’re on the side of the road in Earlysville, Virginia with one hundred men. If I was in league with the demons, you’d already be dead.”
Sammy nodded, “Okay, good point. Where are your friends?”
“The observatory on the hill above the pyramid. They’ll be expecting you. One thing, Sammy: the people at the observatory are mostly werewolves.”
Sammy sighed, “Great. Werewolves. You realize werewolves and humans don’t mix well?”
“You might be surprised by these.”
“Man, at this point, nothing surprises me.”
Billy turned away, then stopped and looked back, “You said something about Kathryn’s grandfather?”

Above Clinton, Missouri
Billy walked into the cockpit and looked down at Kathryn. She looked small in the big wool covered seat.
“I’m going to have to find a place to land and refuel in the next half hour. We’re getting low,” Kathryn said.
Billy knelt down beside her, “I’ll tell Dantalion.” Billy closed his eyes and sent his thoughts to the demon who flew beside them. He took Kathryn’s hand.
She smiled at him, “Everything okay?”
“Kathryn, I’ve been talking to someone who knows your grandfather, Sammy – do you know him?”
Kathryn smiled for an instant, but the realization of what this meant washed over her face, “He’s gone, isn’t he?”
Billy nodded, “I’m sorry, Kathryn. The demons attacked the home.”
“Looking for information on me, no doubt,” Kathryn said.
“Don’t do that to yourself. The demons did this, not you,” Billy said.
She gave him a weak smile, “I know.”
He kissed her forehead and stood up.
George was standing in the doorway.
Billy whispered as he walked by, “Stay with her?”
George nodded, “Of course.”
Billy walked back into the cabin. He had to talk to Ray.

University of Virginia Observatory, Charlottesville, Virginia
“You see, this is exactly what I’m talking about. Psychics telling you what to do. Prophecies and scary Judeo-Christian shit,” Tenzin said as he pointed an accusatory finger in Ray’s direction.
“Tenzin, this is still about Rebecca,” Ray said.
“Then let’s just go in and get her like we planned.”
“With one hundred soldiers and Billy, we can save Rebecca and end this thing outright.”
“I told you when we started this…”
“Take your people back to Tye River. I’m waiting on Billy,” Ray said.
Saffron took his hand, “We’re waiting on Billy.”
“You’re all crazy,” Tenzin said. “You ever read the Bible? Bad things happen when you get in the middle of angels and demons.”
“In or out, Tenzin. Choose,” Ray said. His expression was hard.
“In. But, mark my words we’re all going to die.”
One of the pack came running into the room, “Tenzin, the soldiers are here.”

Sammy and his men stood on the lawn in front of the observatory. Good grief, this is stupid, Sammy thought. Almost at the demon’s doorstep and here we are rendezvousing with werewolves.
A one armed man walked out of the building followed by a skinny brunette and a tall oriental man.
“Sammy?” the one armed man asked.
“Sammy Curtis. Are you Ray?”
“Ray Adair. This is Saffron and Tenzin.”
The men with Sammy looked nervous.
“Let me be blunt, Ray. My men aren’t too happy being around werewolves.”
Tenzin glared at him, “We’re a little less than enthused ourselves.”
“All of us are here for the same reason,” Ray said. “Are your men armed with silver bullets?”
Sammy looked around at his men, and then back at Ray. “No, we came here to kill demons.”
Ray smiled, “Good. So did we.”

The Black Pyramid, Charlottesville, Virginia
“They came down the mountain, at least 20,000 of them, my Lords,” the demon said. He was bruised and bloodied.
“And, then they turned and went back?” Barbatas asked.
“Yes, Lord Barbatas. Many of our forces broke ranks and gave chase.”
Lucifuge smiled, “Courageous.”
The bloodied demon looked confused.
Barbatas looked away and rolled his eyes, “But foolish. What happened then?”
“It was a trap, my Lord. Three times as many humans were waiting at the top of the mountain. All those who went up in pursuit were killed.”
Lucifuge smiled, “But, you held them back?”
“This attack was a feint,” Barbatas said, his temper showing through. “A false attack to draw our attention away from their true purpose.”
“Which is?” Lucifuge asked.
“The doorway. The doorway is always the goal.”
Lucifuge looked panicked, “Barbatas, this is all outside my expertise. What should we do?”
Now, at the final hour, the old fool asks me my opinion, Barbatas thought. He sighed, “We must assume this feint was successful. An attack on the doorway is imminent. We must bring all our forces in Virginia back to guard it. All other forces must be focused on locating the plane.”
“Agreed.”

Otten Memorial Airport, Versailles, Missouri
Billy stood on the runway and looked into the darkness beyond the chain link fence. They were being watched. Dozens of people were standing along the road that ran parallel to the airport.
“What are they doing?” Kathryn asked. Behind them, the demons were fueling the plane under Dantalion’s supervision.
Billy reached out with his mind, “None of them could sleep. In their dreams, they were told to come here.”
“Why?” Kathryn asked.
“To bear witness,” George said as he walked past them into the field.
Billy and Kathryn watched as George reached the fence and began to touch the hands of the crowd beyond. More and more people walked out of the darkness, all to touch his hand as he walked down the fence.
Kathryn grasped Billy’s hand, “My God, what is he?”
“I don’t know. But, I think in the end, he’s more important than either of us, or the demons, or the doorway.”
Kathryn nodded, “He’s hope.”
Dantalion stood beside them, “The plane is fueled.”
George returned from the fence, “Is it done?”
“Yes, we’re ready,” Billy said.
“Good. They’ve found us,” George said as he walked past them toward the plane. He pointed to the southwest.
Billy looked. The grey sky beyond the airport was filled with dark shapes, “Dantalion!”
The big demon scooped up Billy and Kathryn and flew them to the plane, “Get into the air!”
George reached the plane a moment later.
“The people outside the fence,” Kathryn said.
George smiled, “They will be fine. Start the plane.”

The big C-47 roared to life and accelerated down the runway as the first of the demons reached the fence. The people below cowered in fear, but the demons ignored them completely.
As the plane left the ground Dantalion’s forces flew directly into the oncoming horde. Demons and Repentant alike grappled in mid-air, tumbling and tearing at one another like birds of prey.
“How are they making out?” Kathryn called from the cockpit.
Billy stared sideways through a window. “I don’t know. It’s impossible to say.”
“If someone could take the controls, I might be able to help,” Kathryn said.
“No. Fly the plane. I’ll help them,” Billy said.
Dantalion, Billy said in his mind. Pull your forces closer to the plane.
Dantalion’s voice, deep and reptilian, came into his head, You have something in mind?
Yes.
Dantalion and the other Repentant drew closer to the plane. The demons regrouped and then flew closer themselves.
Billy closed his eyes. He imagined a bubble surrounding the plane – an invisible bubble of pure thought.
Outside, the closest demons hit the invisible wall and fell away, stunned.
Whatever, you’re doing, it’s working, Dantalion’s voice said in his mind. The demons swarmed around the invisible bubble like angry bees, but they could not enter. Try as they might, they flung themselves against the barrier and went ricocheting away.
Oh, I haven’t done it yet, Billy said. He imagined pressure building within the bubble, growing heavier the farther the distance from the plane.
The air within the plane became thicker. Billy’s ears thrummed from the pressure. He swallowed hard and cleared them.
What’s happening? Dantalion cried out in Billy’s mind.
“Just hang on,” Billy said out loud. And, in his mind, the bubble burst.
The air pressure dropped abruptly in and around the plane. The windows frosted over and froze instantly.
The invisible bubble exploded outward, a shockwave propagating as a sphere away from the plane. The demons nearest the bubble were torn to pieces, their crushed bodies falling toward the ground.
The ones beyond were either tossed miles away or thrown directly into the earth below. 
An unlucky few were tossed high into the clouds and higher, into the clear sky above. Their burning bodies fell past the plane and the wide eyed Repentant.
Kathryn stared ahead as the burning demons fell from the sky, “They’re burning.”
George sat beside her in the copilot’s seat, “They’re fallen angels. Above the clouds, He can see them. And, when He does, they burn.”
Chapter 32
“They have been located, my Lord,” the demon said.
“Where?” Barbatas asked. He and Lucifuge were in the great hall when the demon had rushed in with the news.
“South of St. Louis, on a direct heading to Charlottesville.”
Barbatas smiled, “We have them. Alert the air units to attack. Tell the legion that found them to pursue but not engage.”
The demon looked nervous, “The legion was destroyed, my Lord.”
“What?” Lucifuge asked.
“The legion that found them sent word of their location, and then attacked. They were annihilated.”
“That isn’t possible? How?” Barabatas asked.
“Many were killed by the other demons, my Lord.”
Barbatas looked at Lucifuge, “What other demons?”
“Then it’s true,” Lucifuge said. He seemed to deflate before Barbatas’ eyes.
“What’s true?”
“Dantalion. He is here, with many of the Repentant,” Lucifuge said.
“And, you didn’t tell me?” Barabatas asked.
“It was only a rumor.”
Barbatas grimaced, “If I am to defend this doorway, I must know about any and all enemy forces. How many Repentant?”
“At least two legions.”
Barbatas glared at him, “It no longer matters. We have jet fighters at our disposal with loyal human pilots. They can intercept the plane somewhere over the Appalachian Mountains.”

Afton Mountain, Virginia
“See what I mean?” the man asked.
Kerwin looked down the mountain at the demon encampments with his binoculars. They were moving back toward Charlottesville. “They know it was a ruse. They’re falling back to guard the doorway.”
“What the hell do we do now?”
Kerwin grinned. He had been told to hold the mountain, and he had. The army he had faced was leaving. “Fuck it. Get the men ready. The demons are retreating. Let’s make them pay for every inch of ground they cross. Frontal assault, now!”

The militia moved, driving down both sides of Interstate 64. Eighty thousand men and women, armed with rifles, rode in trucks and walked down from the top of Afton Mountain.
The retreating demons turned, unsure of what to do. They had been told to fall back to Charlottesville, but the oncoming humans caused them to hesitate.
In the end, some continued toward Charlottesville, but most attempted to hold their ground against a heavily armed force that did not hesitate, but opened fire as one as soon as they were in range.
The militia sliced through the demon ranks like a knife, driving forward and dividing the enemy. Within an hour, the militia stood between the advancing demon horde and Charlottesville.
And although the demons moved forward, they paid for every inch of ground with their lives.

Somewhere
Rebecca stood by the harbor in a place that looked like Charleston, South Carolina, but was not. She understood that it was inside her own mind, something her subconscious had created to protect her from the truth.
There was a demon inside her, and it was in complete control.
She had no idea how long she had been here. Worse yet, she had no idea what the demon was making her do in the real world.
“How long have I been here?”
“A week, no more,” the old man said from his place on the bench.
She turned and looked at him, “Are you real?”
He smiled, “Now that’s hard to say. You’re asking if I’m a figment of your imagination?”
“Yes.”
“You’re the only one who could know for sure. Perhaps you’re a figment of mine.”
“What’s happening to me? In the real world, I mean?”
“Aren’t you ready to find out for yourself?”
Rebecca looked out at the blue water of Charleston Harbor, “Yes.”
“Then go find her.”


Over Hazard, Kentucky
Billy looked out the window as the mountains of east Kentucky rolled by. Barbatas’ demons were following along behind them, but maintaining a safe distance. Occasionally, one or more would venture too close and the Repentant would fall upon them, ripping them to shreds before they got close to the plane.
The problem with hope was that it brought another emotion with it: fear. Fear disappears when you have nothing to lose. But, now, he had a great deal to lose – not only Rebecca, but Ray as well. Last night, he had been without a family, now he had them back, and he was terrified.
“You have a plan?” George asked as he sat down beside him.
“It’s a stone pyramid with two levels. It will be heavily guarded by demons and ogres, including both Barbatas and Lucifuge Rofocale. We have a powerful witch, two legions of Repentant demons, one hundred militia, twenty werewolves, a one armed bartender, and whatever you are, George.”
George smiled, “I’m just a priest.”
“You have power.”
George laughed, “I have faith, and I suppose that’s power. But, I doubt I will be much help against the demons. And, what about you?”
Billy nodded, “I have to get to Rebecca.”
“And, then?”
“Get her somewhere safe, then go back for the doorway. George, I’ll bring the whole damned pyramid down around their ears once she’s out of it.”
“Yes, I think that’s why Barbatas kept her even when she couldn’t be used by Satan – to keep you from destroying the pyramid. He’s going to use her against you, Billy.”
“I know. But, I don’t have a choice.”
George smiled, “No, you don’t – but we do. Find her, take her to safety. And, while you do that, we’ll destroy the doorway.”
“Ray says she’s possessed. George, I don’t know what to do about that.”
George put his hand on Billy’s shoulder, “God is with us, Billy. And, we’re not talking the touchy feely New Testament God, we’re talking the rain down frogs and destroy cities God. When the time comes, He’ll show you the way.”
Dantalion’s face appeared in the window beside them.
“Something wrong?” George asked.
Billy looked up, “He says there’s something in the sky above us.”
“You mean in the clouds?”
Billy shook his head, “No. Above them.”
Billy stood, reaching out with his mind into the sky above. Something was there. “I can hear words, lots of voices saying ‘Fox Two’. Do you have any idea what that means?”
“Fox two? I don’t know.”
Billy’s eyes widened as he brushed a mind above them for an instant, “Kathryn, dive the plane! Get closer to the ground!”
George looked out the window. Dantalion and the Repentant were flying up over the top of the plane, “What is it?”
Then, George could see them: white trails of smoke streaking out of the cloud. “Missiles?”
George fell onto the deck as the plane dove toward the mist shrouded hills below. 

“Dantalion, how many missiles?” Billy said out loud.
The demon’s voice came back in his head, Dozens.
The missiles were heat seeking, and they were homing in on the C-47’s engines. The Repentant flew beside the missiles, barely able to match their speed and unsure how to dispose of them. A few demons reached out and grasped several of the missiles, which exploded. The demons close to the explosions were blown to pieces.
“Billy, take the controls,” Kathryn said.
“Are you nuts?”
“Can you make fire, because I sure as hell can,” Kathryn said.
Billy sat down in the co-pilot’s seat, “What do I do?”
“Take the wheel. Keep us level and flying straight,” Kathryn said as she stood up and ran into the cabin.
Billy grabbed the wheel and the C-47 lurched upward.
Kathryn skidded on one foot, “I said keep it level!”
“I’m trying,” Billy said as he eased the wheel forward and brought the nose back to the horizon.
Kathryn shook her head and ran back to the main door. She undid the latch and pushed it open. Cold wind hit her in the face, and she felt the sudden sensation of being pulled outward. She steadied herself against the frame and looked out.
Missiles were raining down from the clouds. The Repentant were throwing themselves in front of them, often with catastrophic results.
“Globus Incendium,” Kathryn began to chant. Blue fireballs flew from her fingertips and arced down toward the ground.
The missiles veered after them, following the fireballs into the dead pines below.

Over Beckley, West Virginia
Larry scanned the horizon ahead of his P-51 looking for any sign of the C-47 they were supposed to rendezvous with. The damned cloud cover had been thick all the way up to 17,000 feet. The C-47 could climb higher, but he believed they would be low, below the cloud cover. “Anybody see anything?” he asked over the radio.
“I don’t see Jack shit,” Flash said.
Larry had the squadron spread out in a line, hoping to increase their chances of spotting the plane.
Jess’s voice came over the radio, “Flying monkeys.”
“What?” Larry asked.
“I don’t know what else to call them, but I swear I can see flying monkeys, just like in Wizard of Oz. At your two o’clock, down at about 9,000 feet flying west.”
“Aww, come on, Jess,” Buford said. He was quiet for a moment. “Holy shit.”
Larry squinted his eyes. There in the distance were hundreds of dark shapes with large leathery wings. “Flying monkeys.”
“What do you think?” Jess asked.
Larry exhaled. “Hell, follow the flying monkeys.”
“Yeah, but give ‘em some distance. Those things are scary,” Buford said.

Somewhere
How do you find a demon when you’re locked in your own dreams? Rebecca thought. She had started walking away from Charleston harbor. The lush green South Carolina low country had given way to steep hills and dark woods. She knew that Charleston had no forest like this. These reminded her of the Blue Ridge Parkway near Lynchburg. Her parents had taken her here as a child before the demons came.
I’m getting closer, she thought. But, to what?
“Your body,” the old man said. He appeared out of nowhere and walked beside her through the pines.
“You mean I’m close to waking up where my body actually is?”
“Yes,” the old man said. Out of breath, he leaned against a tree. “The farther you walk, the closer to waking you will get. But, when you get as close as you can, she’ll be there. She’ll be blocking the way out. You’ll have to face her.”
“How do I fight her?”
The old man sat down in front of the tree, “She is a demon, but a small one. Tell me, how many demon’s do you know by name – here on earth I mean?”
She thought for a moment, “Only Barbatas and Lucifuge Rofocale.”
The old man smiled, “That’s right, but they all have names. Each and every one of them. There’s power in a name, child. The arch demons like Barbatas, they tell everyone their names to show they fear no one. The smaller demons, the lesser demons, they fear the power of their own names. The power to conjure, and the power to banish.”
“Do you know her name? The name of the demon within me?”
“Yes, I do. Her name is Hantu. When the time comes use that name against her.”
Rebecca looked at the old man. He looked ill. “Who are you?”
The old man smiled, “Someone who cares. I’ve been watching you, all of you, for a very long time. You never fail to amaze me. So unpredictable – one minute you build the Taj Mahal, paint the Sistine Chapel, construct the Golden Gate Bridge. The next you make war and bring yourselves to the brink of destruction. You kill indiscriminately, and then you will sacrifice yourselves without a thought to save one another. I hope, when you become adults, you will focus more on the wonder and less on the profane.”
“Will you help me stop the demon?”
The old man shook his head, “I’m afraid this is as far as I can go. The rest is up to you. You should hurry. Billy’s coming to save you, and if the demon still has control of you, he will die.”

Over Tazewell, Virginia
“I can’t keep this up all day,” Kathryn called from the back of the plane. A continuous stream of fireballs dropped from her fingers.
The missiles kept coming, and they were powerless to stop them. Worse yet, the Repentant were being distracted by the missiles, and the pursuing demons were picking them off one by one.
“The jets are flying too fast, I can’t get into the pilot’s heads,” Billy called back from the cockpit. He looked at the horizon ahead, struggling to keep the plane level and straight. More demons were approaching from the east. “Dantalion, we have more company.”
I see them, Dantalion said in Billy’s mind. At least three legions approaching, with two more behind us. My friend, I fear we have failed you.
“We’re not dead yet,” Billy said.

Even from ten miles away, Larry could tell that the C-47 was in trouble. The flying monkeys had them surrounded, although some appeared to be defending the plane. The biggest threat though was from the rockets that streaked down from the skies above.
“Jess, take half the squadron and protect the plane. Buford, on me. Let’s find out who’s shooting those rockets.”
“Be careful, Larry,” Jess said as he and the other men peeled off and flew toward the C-47.
“Can’t be careful in a P-51. Just deadly,” Larry said as he and the others disappeared into the clouds above.

“All right, let’s kill us some monkeys,” Jess said as they dove into the fight.
“Which ones?” one of the other pilots asked.
“The one’s attacking the plane. Leave the one’s fighting the other monkeys alone.”
“Roger that.”
The P-51s began to fire, their .50 caliber guns filling the sky with tracer rounds. Demons began to disintegrate.

“What the hell is that?” Billy said as the first of the P-51s roared past, guns firing into the demon horde.
Kathryn leaned out the door and looked, “P-51 D’s, Mustangs. But, that’s not possible.”
George stood beside her, “All things are possible.”
“These are the kinds of planes my grandfather flew in World War II. It’s just not possible,” she said.

Colonel Ernest Jenkins, previously of the United States Air Force, but currently employed by hell itself led his force of F-22 jet fighters in a circular pattern over the C-47. His frustration with the situation was growing. His one hundred planes had fired over fifty air to air missiles at the propeller driven plane below, but had hit nothing.
“All right, on me. Let’s make another pass,” he said into his radio.
And then, the impossible happened. P-51 D Mustangs began to emerge from the clouds below, heading straight for them.
“What the hell?”
“Are those Mustangs?”
“Never mind what they are, engage.”

“First flying monkeys, now the krauts have Buck Rogers space ships shooting rockets at us,” Buford said as an air to air missile streaked by his canopy but did not lock on.
“All right, guys. Take these assholes out of our sky,” Larry said as he began firing tracer rounds at the oncoming F-22s.
Two of the jets exploded in mid-air, and the others veered to the left and right.

Jenkins’ pilots were panicking. “Get some altitude, those Mustangs can only get up to about 40,000 feet.”
“Why the hell aren’t our missiles locking?”
“No idea,” Jenkins said. “Regroup up top till I can figure out what’s going on.”

Below the clouds, the rain of missiles had stopped and Kathryn ran back to the cockpit. She dropped into the pilot’s seat and immediately reached for the radio. “Unidentified aircraft, this is the C-47. Can you read me, over?” she repeated this over and over as she changed the channels.

A woman’s voice came over Jess’s radio and he thumbed the transmit, “This is Lieutenant Jess Wynthrop assigned to the 781st fighter squadron, U.S. Army Air Corps, who is this?”

The color had drained from Kathryn’s face. “No, no this can’t be.”
Billy looked at the radio, “Did he say ‘Army Air Corps’?”
“The 781st was my grandfather’s squadron. Jess Wynthrop was one of his friends from the home.”
“Are you trying to tell me that a bunch of ninety year old men came to our rescue in antique planes?” Billy asked.
“No, I don’t think so,” Kathryn said. She pressed the microphone button, “Lieutenant Wynthrop, my name is Kathryn Adams. Is Major Larry Adams with you?”

Jess laughed as he keyed the microphone, “He’s up at altitude taking care of your rocket problem. I’m here to take care of your monkey problem.” Oh, no you don’t, Jess thought as he dove on a group of demons trying to sneak away from the fight. His guns opened up on the group and they were destroyed.

Kathryn looked at the microphone in her hand, “Billy, my grandfather is dead.”
“I know.”
“Then these men?”
“Are ghosts,” Billy said as he took the microphone from Kathryn’s hand. “Lieutenant Wynthrop, the demons flying closest to us, the ones with crosses around their necks? Don’t shoot at them, they’re with us.”
“Demons?” Jess’ voice came across the radio. “I’ll be damned, old Adolph conjured up some demons? Why am I not surprised?”

“Well, ain’t this some sorry shit?” Buford said. He had tried three times to climb high enough to attack the jets, but the P-51 wasn’t made to fly that high.
“They can’t stay up there forever,” Larry said.

Jenkins looked down at the antiques flying below him, “Okay, missiles can’t lock on. Let’s do this the old fashioned way. Guns, Guns, Guns.”
The F-22s dove down on the P-51s, their 20mm cannons pouring bullets into the smaller, slower aircraft.
Larry’s breath caught in his chest as the first of the bullets passed through his canopy and through his body. He felt nothing, no pain, no burn from the white hot projectiles. The canopy above him was unscratched.
“I’m hit,” Buford screamed over the radio.
“Me too,” Larry said. “All of you, check yourselves.”
The radio was filled with voices, all had been hit, but none had been harmed.
The F-22s passed by, their pilots unnerved by the undamaged P-51s.
“Guess God really is on our side,” Larry said. “Well, they can’t hurt us, but we can sure as hell hurt them.”
The P-51s banked left and right and fell in behind the jets.
Larry lined up a jet in his sights and filled the air with tracer rounds. The jet in front of him exploded in a ball of flame.

“Altitude! Get away from them,” Jenkins screamed as his wingman exploded, torn apart by seventy year old bullets from a ghost plane.
The F-22s roared skyward, returning to the safety afforded by four more miles of altitude. Behind them, they left twenty of their comrades strewn across the landscape of western Virginia.

“Jess, should we pursue the demons?” a pilot asked on Jess’s radio.
“No, get in formation around the C-47. Protection is our mission.”
Kathryn looked out the window as Jess flew up alongside. The bright red painted tail of his P-51 contrasted with the shiny aluminum of the rest of the plane.
She could see him clearly, his face a younger version of the Jess she had known. He smiled at her.
“I know you, don’t I?” Jess said over the radio.
Kathryn smiled, tears in her eyes, “I’m Kathy. Larry’s granddaughter.” Even from this distance, she could see his face change, becoming the older version of Jess once again.
“I thought so,” he said. “Sometimes I lose track. One minute it feels like today, one minute it feels like 1944. It’s good to see you, Kathy.”
A voice interrupted on the radio, “Look out down there. Those damned jets are at it again, Jess. They’re flying too high for us to engage.”
Jess nodded, young once again, “Miss Adams, more rockets are coming down.” He peeled away and gained altitude, “All right, everybody pick a target and try to take one out.”
The missiles emerged from the clouds and began to track the C-47.
One popped out directly in front of Jess and he opened fire. The missile exploded in front of him.

Dantalion watched as the missiles streaked in, more of them than before. His mate, Proserpine, flew up to him, “What do we do?”
“There are too many. If the jets are not stopped, one of them will hit the plane.”
They watched as the P-51s streaked across the sky. Whenever they could, the Repentant helped – sometimes by throwing themselves in front of the oncoming missiles.
Kathryn appeared in the open doorway of the C-47. Fireball spells began to drift toward the earth.
Dantalion looked up at the cloud above him, and he was afraid. Afraid of what was above the cloud, afraid of failing below it. “Gather the Repentant.”
Proserpine banked away.
Dantalion shouted into the sky, “I have asked You to forgive me, to forgive us, for millennia. And, I fear You. If this is our last act, then know that we are doing this in Your name.”

Billy was flying the plane when Dantalion’s thoughts came to him. His eyes grew wide, “Are you sure?” The response came back, and Billy swallowed. He pulled back on the wheel and the plane began to climb.
Kathryn looked forward as the plane began to climb, “Billy? Why are we going up?”
Billy keyed the microphone, “Lieutenant Wynthrop, fall into formation with us.” Billy looked back down the aisle at Kathryn, “It’s what they want.”

The P-51s fell into formation with the C-47 as Kathryn’s fireball spells continued to draw the missiles away. The Repentant flew beside the planes as they entered the cloud.

Dantalion felt a hand in his as Proserpine squeezed it tight. “I am unsure,” he said.
“Don’t let me go, no matter what.”
The cloud above them grew brighter as they rose. As they emerged into the bright daylight above, they were consumed.

Kathryn screamed and looked away, “Oh, George, they’re burning.”
George looked out as one by one the Repentant were enveloped in white light. “Open your eyes, Kathryn. Open your eyes and look.”
Kathryn looked again. The Repentant glowed white hot against the blue sky. Gradually, the white light became subdued, turned golden as their scales burned away, revealing skin the color of brass. Their talons remained, but where they were once black, now they glimmered like burnished gold.
“This is what they were, before they joined a fallen angel who believed he was more than God. They’re no longer just repentant, now they’re forgiven,” George said as the Repentant darted and swooped in the bright light of day.
Dantalion and Proserpine flew close by, their faces no longer reptilian. They held each other’s hands and kissed as they passed by.

They broke their kiss and looked up at the F-22s high above. 
“Not so high now, I think,” Proserpine laughed.
“No, dearest, not nearly high enough to save them from us.”
The Repentant streaked into the sky as the rain of missiles stopped from above.

Jenkins looked down at the demons that were flying up out of the cloud. “Impossible. They can’t fly above the clouds.”

Dantalion grabbed hold of the fuselage of the first jet. He smiled at the damned man within. He drove his talons under the canopy and ripped it away, then hooked his talons in the man’s chest and ripped him from his seat.
He stared into the man’s eyes through the visor and saw what he had hoped for: fear. He tossed the pilot into the jet intake and dove away as the plane exploded.

Kathryn and George stared into the sky above as the Repentant ripped the jets to pieces. Explosions ripped through the sky above as the former demons swarmed each jet in turn.
The remaining P-51s flew down to join them.
Kathryn smiled as her grandfather drew up alongside.
She pointed to the cockpit of the C-47 and ran forward. She jumped into the pilot’s seat, “Grandpa?”
“Hey, kiddo. They didn’t tell me in England that you’d be flying the C-47.”
“England?”
“It’s a long story.”
“I’m sorry – sorry I wasn’t there,” she said.
“I’m not, darling. I’m just glad we could be here to help you. You and the other people on that plane must be pretty special. A bunch of old ghosts, jet planes from the future, and flying monkeys, demons, angels, whatever the hell they are.”
Kathryn laughed as the tears rolled down her cheeks.
“Don’t cry for me, kiddo. I’ve had a hell of a life, and I wouldn’t trade a minute of it. Now, you go make one for yourself, okay?”
Kathryn smiled, “I will.”
“You better.”
A voice came over the radio, faint but recognizable, “Major Adams, you’re being called back to base.”
Larry laughed, “Willis, you son of a bitch, where are you?”
“Not really sure, but I was told to tell you guys to follow the angels. Whatever the hell that means,” Willis said from far away.
“Where to?”
“Like I said, I don’t have a clue. But, Larry, Michael was right. There are more worlds than this.”
Dantalion and Proserpine flew down and came alongside Larry.
Larry smiled at them and then turned his head back toward the plane, “Gotta go, kiddo. You’re almost to Charlottesville. Five minutes on your current heading then dive under the cloud. You’ll know what to do then. I love you, Kathy.”
“I love you too,” she said as the 781st banked to the left and flew toward the horizon accompanied by the Repentant.

Charlottesville, Virginia
Barbatas and Lucifuge stood outside the pyramid and looked at the grey cloud above. A demon had brought them word of what had happened a few minutes before.
Their air force was annihilated, destroyed by the Repentant. Their legions to the west were flying to reinforce them, but the plane would reach Charlottesville before them.
The city was surrounded by eighty thousand militia, and the citizens of Charlottesville were joining them.
“We must hold the doorway, Barbatas. We must hold it at all cost,” Lucifuge said.
“We have underestimated them. From the beginning, our own hubris has been our downfall.”
“If we can hold the doorway, destroy the psychic and the priest, send the witch through the doorway to fulfill her destiny.”
Barbatas shook his head, “And even if we do, what then? We cannot open the door wider, and the humans know we can be defeated. They have hope now.”
“I will not hear more of this,” Lucifuge spat. “We must try.”

Over Afton Mountain, Virginia
Kathryn, Billy, and George looked out at the sun lit blue sky above the demon cloud.
“We were so pre-occupied with the fight, I didn’t even notice,” Kathryn said.
“The sun, after eight years,” Billy said.
“This is the way we were meant to live: in the light,” George said.
“It’s time,” Kathryn said as she lowered the nose of the plane.
“Past time,” Billy said. “Past time to end this.”
“Amen,” George said as the C-47 slipped beneath the grey clouds and back into darkness. 

Part Nine: The Left Hand of God

It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. Then the victory is yours. It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell.
-Buddha

Hell is yourself and the only redemption is when a person puts himself aside to feel deeply for another person.
-Tennessee Williams

Scheming demons dressed in kingly guise, beating down the multitude and scoffing at the wise. 
-Rush
Chapter 33
Rebecca stepped out of the woods at the top of a hill. She hadn’t been expecting the house that sat in the clearing at the top. It was made of brick with white columns and a white dome.
She knew she had seen it before, but she couldn’t think of where. The grass and gardens around it were dead, the dark grey demon cloud hung overhead. I’m getting closer, she thought. This place, although still within her mind, was grounded in reality.
Rebecca walked up the dirt path that led to the wide porch. A sign by the front door read ‘Monticello’. She knew this place, the home of Thomas Jefferson. It was just outside Charlottesville.
She walked around the side of the porch. The building had stood for over two hundred years, and from the looks of things it would stand for two hundred more.
The back of the house had once been dominated by gardens, but now they were little more than piles of grey decayed vegetation. The porch branched off and became a raised brick walkway around the garden.
In the distance, she could see the gleaming dome of the University of Virginia Rotunda. Beyond that at the far end of the school grounds, she could see the top of the black pyramid.
A woman stood near the end of the walkway. She was bent forward looking through an old brass and wood telescope.
“You took that from the house,” Rebecca said.
“What of it, he’s dead,” the woman said. Her voice was like a dry wind through leaves.
“You like to take things that don’t belong to you?” Rebecca said as she walked toward her.
The woman straightened and looked at her, a look of annoyance and confusion on her face.
Rebecca gasped. She was looking at her twin. The face was pale, and the woman’s cruel eyes were red.
She smiled, revealing small even teeth, “Who woke you up?”
“I think it was God,” Rebecca said.
“You should have stayed where you were.”
The sound of a plane filled the air, and Rebecca looked out over Charlottesville to see an old plane dive down out of the clouds.
“My boyfriend’s back,” Rebecca said with a smile.
“Oh, and I suppose I’m going to be in trouble?” the demon said with a smirk.
“Oh, no, bitch, you’re all mine.”

Kathryn shook her head, “I can’t land on Route 29, this is insane.”
“We trust you, Kathryn,” Billy said. The four lane stretched out ahead of them. In the distance, the black pyramid loomed on Observatory Hill.
“Okay, okay. Flaps down, throttle back,” Kathryn said. The old plane creaked and groaned as it slowed. “Gear down.”
The landing gear dropped down from under the engines and locked in place.
Kathryn sighted along the yellow lines of the road, “This may be a little rough.”
The landing gear hit the asphalt and the plane bounced.
Billy gripped the sides of his chair arms and squeezed, as the plane fell back to earth. The landing gear creaked and the wheels squealed as the tail wheel found the road.
Kathryn cut the engines and braked with her feet, willing the plane to stop in her mind.
And then, it was done. They sat in the middle of the empty four lane as the props spun down.
“I did it. I landed a plane twice in twelve hours. And, the second time was on a four lane,” Kathryn said. She had her hand firmly clamped on the throttle.
Billy reached out and gently unlocked her fingers from the controls. “You okay?”
“I think I peed a little.”
“Me too,” George said as he stepped into the cockpit. “Did you see the militia as we were flying in?”
Billy nodded, “Yeah, we landed in a war zone. We need to get moving to the pyramid before we end up in the middle of it.”
Billy reached out with his mind, Ray, we’re here.

Ray smiled. “I know, we heard you,” he said aloud.
Sammy, Tenzin, and Saffron looked at him expectantly.
“They just landed. They’ll be here within ten minutes.”
Sammy looked at Tenzin, “You ready for this?”
“Probably not, but what the hell?”

Rebecca slammed her fist into her demon self’s jaw and sent the creature sprawling. She smiled down at her, “Too bad this is just imaginary.”
She moved in to kick the demon.
The creature held up her hand and Rebecca found herself frozen in place.
The demon rose up from the ground and back onto her feet without effort, “Idiot girl. I own your body. You can do nothing to me.”
She walked around Rebecca smiling at her, “I’ve made you do things, vile, disgusting things. Would you like me to tell you about them?”
“All I want to hear about is how I’m going to destroy you,” Rebecca said as she struggled to move.
“Fornications, blasphemies, and you’ve killed, Rebecca. Your victims screamed out your name,” the demon said as she leaned in close.
“And what name did your victims call me?”
The demon threw her head back and laughed, “Why your name, of course.”
Rebecca smiled, “I would have thought they would have used your name.”
The demon took a step back, “They don’t know my name.”

Billy, George, and Kathryn stood on Observatory Hill as the militia and werewolves in human form stepped out into the gloom. Ray came out and looked at them. He looked at Billy and smiled.
Billy walked up to him. “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, you were right. I shouldn’t have left.”
Ray cut him off by throwing his arm around him, “None of that matters now. I got one of my kids back, and now we’re going to go get the other one.” Ray took a step back, “Don’t you ever leave us alone again, you hear me?”
Billy smiled, “I won’t.”
Saffron walked up to him.
“You must be…”
She threw her arms around him and pulled him close, “Call me Mom.”
Billy laughed and looked at Ray for help.
Ray shook his head, “Don’t fight it, kid. She just adopted you.”
“Billy, what’s the plan?” Sammy asked.
Billy turned and looked down the hill at the opening to the pyramid. “There’s only one door inside. No other way in. Let’s knock.”

The doors to the pyramid were normally open, but Barbatas had ordered them closed when news of the plane’s arrival reached them. The doors were steel reinforced concrete, too heavy for a dozen men to open. Two ogres stood in front of the doors, their battle axes resting on their broad pink shoulders.
The pyramid was covered with demons who perched on the black stone blocks.
Billy Murphy stood on the hillside and stared at the concrete doors below. He closed his eyes.
The ogres began to tremble. They looked at one another, unsure of what was happening.
Billy imagined a bubble of pure thought inside both of them. He poured more and more energy into each bubble. The pressure built higher and higher.
The ogres dropped to their knees and cried out just as the bubbles within them exploded outward. Their bodies vaporized in the blast, and the shockwaves propagated out. The explosion ripped the steel hinges from the concrete doors and they blew inward, crushing a dozen demons who had been waiting on the other side.
“Now, Kathryn,” Billy said.
“Globus Incendium, Globus Incendium, Globus Incendium,” Kathryn chanted as the blue fireballs sprang from her fingers. They arced upward and then fell down on the sides of the pyramid. The demons guarding the outside were engulfed. They tumbled down the sides of the pyramid or took flight as they burned.
The militia charged down the hillside, firing into the mass of demons that emerged from within the pyramid. The men and women stopped outside the doors and fired into the oncoming demons, holding them at bay.
Tenzin’s pack ran down the hillside, their bodies changing as Billy watched. At the line of militia, twenty werewolves ran past and into the pyramid itself, ripping apart demons as they entered.
The militia stood and followed the werewolves into the dark entrance.
Billy, George, Kathryn, Ray, and Saffron walked down the hill. Ray held Saffron’s hand, felt it change shape as they walked. She smiled at him, her teeth growing into fangs.
By the time they reached the pyramid, Saffron walked on all fours in front of them, snarling into the darkness as they advanced.
Inside the pyramid, they could hear the sounds of gunfire and howling, and the screams of demons.

“Go back to sleep,” the demon said in Rebecca’s dream. But her eyes were on the scene below.
They stood on the brick walkway and watched as smoke began to rise from the black pyramid.
“Looks like your friends are in trouble,” Rebecca said.
The demon smiled at her, “Let them come. This is our time.”
Rebecca returned the smile, “Not anymore. No, things have changed.”
“You are his weakness. He is coming for you, and when he does, I will kill him.”

The werewolves and militia had pushed the demons back from the foyer. When Billy and the others entered, they found the entrance unguarded. Down the hall lay the doorway and the control center. Up the stairs to the right was the great hall.
Billy reached out with his mind. He could not sense Rebecca. But, he knew where she would be. “Rebecca will be on the second floor. Barbatas knows I will come for her, and he would want me as far from the doorway as possible.”
“We’re going with you,” Ray said.
“No, this I do alone,” Billy said.
George looked at the hallway floor.
Kathryn took Billy’s hand, “We should all go to the doorway. If we close it, this all ends.”
Billy shook his head, “If I go to the doorway, he’ll kill her.”
Tears were flowing from her eyes as Kathryn spoke, “We’re no good apart, Billy.”
“This is how it has to be,” Billy said as he kissed her forehead.
“Goodbye, Billy,” George said. He held out his hand and Billy shook it.
“Any words of advice, Father George?”
George shook his head, “Only one: There are more worlds than this. It might pay to remember that.”
Billy looked at Saffron, “Take care of him.”
Saffron whined and looked at Ray.
“Go get our girl back,” Ray said as Billy turned away.
The left hand of God climbed the stairs to the great hall alone.

In Rebecca’s dream, the demon laughed, “He comes to me.”
Rebecca smiled at her, “I know a secret.”

The militia broke into the control room and the werewolves poured in after them, tearing apart the demons that guarded the machinery. Sammy aimed his M4 rifle and blasted away at the instrumentation around the room.
Kathryn walked in as the controls erupted in a shower of sparks. The lights in the room blinked. “Subtle, you know we might have needed that, GI Joe.”
Sammy shrugged, “Sorry, seemed like a good idea at the time.”
The doorway stage was empty. From where she stood, this did not look like the doorway to hell, it looked like somebody’s basement.
Saffron paced back and forth on the far side of the stage, sniffing and growling at the wall beyond.
Sammy turned to one of the militia, “Guard the entrance to the room. No one gets through.”
The militia filed back into the hallway.
“Tenzin!” Sammy yelled.
The big werewolf turned toward him and growled from in front of the stage.
“The room is empty. We need to clear out and give them space,” Sammy said.
Tenzin and the other werewolves with the exception of Saffron followed the militia into the hall.
Ray looked at the doorway. “This is what all the fuss was about?”
George smiled, “Doesn’t look like much, does it?”
“No, it doesn’t. What do we do first?”
George took his arm, “We don’t do anything. What comes next is for Kathryn and I. You and Sammy shouldn’t be here.”
“Are you sure?”
George nodded, “Yes, Ray, I’m sure.”
“Saffron, come on,” Ray said.
She turned toward Ray and whined, still pawing at the wall. Ray walked into the hallway. Saffron growled at the wall, but then turned and ran past George and Kathryn into the hallway.
George walked to Kathryn’s side in front of the stage.
“Are you ready, George?” Kathryn asked.
“I thought when this moment came, that I would be. But, I’m not. Can anyone truly be?”
Kathryn started to say something, but behind them great black stones slid from their place in the ceiling – the room around them was sealed.
And then, the wall behind the stage slid open.

Billy entered the great hall. At his end, the room was lit only by the meager light that drifted up through the stairwell behind him. The rest of the room was pitch black up to the other end which was lit by the great fireplace and the torches to either side.
Barbatas stood by the fire, his human form discarded. He towered above the mantle, reptilian scales shining in the flickering fire. His eyes glinted like black diamonds, “The elusive, Mr. Murphy, come home at last.”
Rebecca stood beside Barbatas, her red eyes two pinpoints of light.
“Let her go, and I will let you live,” Billy said as he walked to the center of the room. Haine’s sword was in his hand, the steel glimmering in the firelight.
Barbatas laughed, “Oh, will you? Look at me! What are you to me, boy? I was old when this world was new.”
“I am the left hand of God. And, I have come here to destroy you.”
“By the will of God? You are powerful, what do you need of God? Join us, and I will give her to you.”
“Let her go. We will leave here, and you’ll never see us again.”
Barbatas smiled, “Defy the will of God? Careful, boy. My masters and I did that once and became what you see before you.”
“No. You believed yourselves to be more than God. I’m just a man. I don’t know anything about divine will. All I know is, I want her back with me, and there is nothing more important in this world or any other.”
“Enough of this. Rebecca, dearest, kill the fool.”
Rebecca smiled in the dim light of the fireplace. She walked toward Billy.

Ray and Saffron beat at the black stones that had fallen in the control room. 
“George! Kathryn!” Ray screamed. There was no sound from the other side.
“Ray, we’ve got trouble,” Sammy said from the hallway as the militia began to fire.
The far end of the hallway was filled with demons.

In Rebecca’s dream, the demon laughed at her, “What secret does a mere girl know that could interest me?”
“Come closer, and I’ll tell you.”

Lucifuge Rofocale emerged from the room beyond the false wall that Saffron had been scratching at. With him were two ogres and three demons.
“You’ve led us on such a chase, Kathryn,” Lucifuge said as he stretched out his wings. “Fulfill your destiny child, your master awaits beyond the doorway.”
George stepped in front of her, putting himself between her and the arch demon, “By what right do you claim this child?”
“Silence, priest. Her fate was sealed before she was born.”
An ogre stepped forward raising a fence post sized spear above his head.
“No one’s fate is sealed before they are born, Lucifuge Rofocale. Not even yours. You chose to follow Satan.”
“She bound herself to him as well, priest.”
George turned and looked at her, “Yes. When we are young, we do foolish things. But, God is not a lawyer bound by contracts – he is a judge, and sometimes a judge must look at what is right, not just what is law.”
He turned back to the demon, “Lucifuge Rofocale, in the name of God I command you to leave this place, as I bless it In Nominii Patris…”
Kathryn screamed out as the ogre threw the spear.

Billy called out, “Rebecca, fight it. You have to fight.”
The demon smiled, “Rebecca is dead. She screamed out your name when they pushed me inside her.”
Billy looked at the sword in his hand, as the thing in Rebecca spoke and closed the distance between them. He felt the power pouring into him. If she was truly dead, if nothing was left of Rebecca in this shell that drew ever closer to him, then he would tear this pyramid apart, cast the stones into space, rip apart Barbatas with a thought.
Free will… know when to pick up the sword, and when to lay it down. Decide.
Billy looked up into the darkness of the pyramid, “I’m just a man. I’m sorry, I can’t be what You need me to be. Without her, none of it matters. You’ll have to pick someone else to be Your left hand.”
He tossed the sword away, and dropped to his knees as the demon in Rebecca’s body stood above him. She drew back her hand, each finger tipped with a razor sharp black talon.

The demons filled the hallway as the militia ran low on ammunition. The werewolves charged into the mass of demons.
Saffron was surrounded as they closed in on her. Ray grabbed the closest demon and tore it away from her. The demon turned and drove it’s claws deep into Ray’s stomach as Saffron howled.

Kathryn caught George as he fell backward into her arms, the spear driven deep into his ribs. Her hands began to smoke as she lowered him to the floor. She screamed out as the demons and ogres moved toward her, “Valefar Murum.”
The demons struck an invisible wall and could come no closer. The ogres struck at it with their spears.
Lucifuge laughed, “Come now, whore. Will you hide in there forever?”
Kathryn paid no attention to him, “Why did you do that? Why? I could have protected us.”
George smiled up at her with blood stained lips, “Can you feel it? He chose, Billy chose.”
“Don’t talk. Save your strength.”
George laughed, “For what? I don’t think I’ll be making any more trips to California.”
“I’ll end us both,” Kathryn said. “I’ll cast fireball in here. They won’t get their fucking prophecy.”
“You will not commit suicide. He won’t forgive that… well, maybe in this case he would, but, no, Kathryn.”
She touched his forehead and was scalded, “Oh, God, Ray. I can’t even comfort you.”
“Witch! Come forward now, before I become truly angry,” Lucifuge bellowed.
George looked into Kathryn’s eyes, “You have been a comfort to me. I love you, Kathryn. I’ve seen the good in you from the day you would not walk away when Cora needed us in Tennessee, when you helped free the town in Texas, when you felt pity even for that damned clown in Arizona.”
“Too little, too late,” Kathryn said.
“Never, never too late,” George said as the blood dripped from his mouth.

In  Rebecca’s dream, the demon leaned in close.
“Hantu,” Rebecca whispered. “Your name is Hantu. Now get the fuck out of my body.”

Billy closed his eyes as Rebecca’s hand touched his face. It was not a slap, but a caress. He looked up to see her standing over him, her eyes green, her hand soft against his cheek.
Billy stood and pulled her to him, his lips closing on hers. He broke the kiss and looked into her eyes, “It is you right?”
“I think so.”
Something moved on the floor behind them. It looked like a monstrous slug that was sliding along the floor back toward Barbatas.
“Oh, no, you don’t,” Rebecca said as she stepped down on it, crushing the demon.
Hantu screamed out in pain as Rebecca crushed her body against the stones., and then was silent.
Barbatas roared from the end of the room.
“Oh, shit,” Billy said as he dove to the right and picked up the sword. “Get behind me.”
“You have any of those powers left?”
“Not a thing. But, I do remember how to use this sword.”

The beast that was sometimes Saffron wailed as she knelt over Ray. The damned woman’s voice was in her head, trying to calm her, but she was too enraged.
The werewolves and militia made a circle around them, holding the demons at bay.
Her mate was bleeding out on the floor, and the woman in her head would not stop talking. The beast hated her, wished she could tear her apart. She held Ray in her arms and howled.
The voice in her head was panicked, but still soothing. The voice said, “Now.”

“Listen to me,” George said. “I didn’t want to wake up that day in the desert after I passed out. I saw my family again, I was with them, Kathryn.”
“You will be again,” Kathryn said as she knelt beside him and cried.
The demons circled them, pushing and striking the invisible wall.
“I know I will, Kathryn. But, I had to come back,” he coughed, choking on his own blood. “God needed me to do two things. The first was to bring back the church. I did that in San Francisco.”
“And, the other?”
“You know, Richard asked me if I was the son of God. I’m not.”
“I know,” Kathryn laughed.
“Gee, thanks. I’m a little hurt that you’re so sure,” George said as he laughed. “Oh, oh, don’t make me laugh.”
“So, what was the second thing you had to do?”
George looked into her eyes, “He sent me to forgive one person. Just one.”
“Me?”
“Yes,” George said. “But, there’s a price.”
“Always a price,” Kathryn said.
“Billy isn’t the left hand of God anymore, Kathryn.”
“What are you saying?”
“There’s always a left hand. Before Billy, there was Nathan Campbell.”
“I don’t know, George.”
“Kathryn Adams, do you renounce Satan in all his guises?”
She looked into George’s eyes, “Yes, I do.”
He laid his hand on Kathryn’s stomach, “Then, you are forgiven, In nomine Patris, et Filii, et Spiritus Sancti.”

The beast bit down on the stump of Ray’s left arm, and blood sprayed from the wound.
Ray screamed out in pain, “Did you just bite me?”
The beast looked at him and lolled her tongue, his blood dripping from her muzzle.
“Why did you?” Ray asked, and then screamed in pain as the stump of his left arm began to throb and pulse.

Barbatas swung his huge taloned hand at Billy and he blocked it with the sword, then spun on his heel and slashed at the massive reptilian thigh.
The demon roared as dark blood sprayed from the wound.
Billy drove Rebecca backward toward the stairs, “Don’t suppose you would consider running?”
“Oh, I am not letting you out of my sight again, Billy Murphy,” Rebecca said as she hid behind him.
Barbatas stood upright.
“Wanna try again?” Billy asked.
The demon scowled at him and rushed them. 
Billy pushed Rebecca to the side and then slashed at the demon.
Barbatas stepped to the side and backhanded him, sending him flying through the air.

Lucifuge stared at the scene that was playing out on the other side of the invisible wall. Kathryn was crouching over the dead priest, the end of the spear still embedded in his chest. “Come, woman, this game is done.”
Kathryn raised up, her arms under the dead priest. She lifted him into the air, and then stood up straight. She carried him back to a table, and laid him upon it. Then she pulled the spear from his chest and cast it aside.
“Lower the wall, woman,” Lucifuge said.
“Silence!” Kathryn said. Her voice filled the room like thunder.
Lucifuge took a step back.
She stood with her back to him, “Lucifuge Rofocale, traitor, coward. Should I lower the wall? Yes.”
An ogre that had been pressing against the barrier stumbled forward as the magic was canceled.
Kathryn turned and looked at them. Her eyes burned with a golden light, “Behold the left hand of God.”
The ogres moved forward, ready to throw their spears.
“Salinarum,” Kathryn said.
The ogres froze in place, their pink skin going pale white. A moment later, their bodies cracked and fell apart, leaving nothing but piles of salt.
Lucifuge continued to back away, “Truly, you are a powerful witch. Your master will be pleased.”
“You mean your master, and I don’t think he will be pleased. As for my power, I have none. I am only the messenger. And, I have a message for you: the master you betrayed millennia ago would like to speak with you,” Kathryn said. She floated inches above the black stone floor.
“Seize her,” Lucifuge roared and the three demons with him hesitated, looking at one another.
“Cower,” Kathryn said with a smile.
The demons dropped to their knees and looked at the floor.
Kathryn waved her hand and the back wall of the pyramid blew outward. Grey light filled the room as the boulder sized blocks rolled away into the forest beyond.
Lucifuge turned and ran through the hole in the wall. Once clear of the pyramid he beat his great wings and rose into the air.
Kathryn flew into the air after him.
She caught him by his leathery wings and bent the bones down. Lucifuge’s wings broke and he cried out in agony. Kathryn carried him high into the clouds.
“You could have had this entire world,” Lucifuge cried out as Kathryn carried him higher and higher.
“What would I do with that?” Kathryn asked as they burst through the clouds into the late afternoon sun.
Lucifuge’s eyes grew wide as he caught fire.
Kathryn pushed him away as flames boiled from his body, blocking out his screams as he burned to a cinder. His ashes fell back into the cloud and scattered to the four winds.
Kathryn hung in midair, her golden eyes closed. She felt the chill breeze on her skin, the warm sun. She smiled as she slipped back into the clouds and floated back to the ground below.

When the back of the doorway room was destroyed, the entire pyramid shook. Barbatas fell onto the floor, giving Billy and Rebecca time to crawl away toward the stairway.
“Stop!” Barbatas screamed. He stood and walked toward them.
Billy rolled onto his back. The sword lay yards away on the now uneven floor.
Rebecca put her head on his shoulder, “I love you.”
“I love you,” Billy said.
Barbatas took a step toward them and stopped.
“What are you waiting for?” Billy asked.
The pyramid shook. Dust fell from the blocks high above as the floor beneath them rolled and tilted.

On the first floor, the demons began to flee, leaving the circle of militia and werewolves alone as the ceiling began to shake.
Ray rolled to his feet, his wounds healed, “Out, all of you, out!”
They ran through the hallway as blocks began to fall behind them. They emerged into the grey afternoon light.
Ray turned and looked at the top of the pyramid. The blocks began to fly away into the sky above.

Grey light flooded the great hall as the roof of the pyramid disintegrated. Wind poured upward from the floor and Billy felt it pulling him skyward. He grabbed the edge of a block in the floor with his left hand and held Rebecca with his right, “Hang on to me!”
Rebecca pulled herself down his arm and wrapped her arms around his chest.
Barbatas spun around on the floor and watched as the blocks of the pyramid flew into the air above.
He gasped as the point of Haine’s sword forced its way through his back and tore a hole as it exited his rib cage.
Kathryn stood behind him, her hand on the hilt of the sword.
Barbatas turned his head and looked into her eyes, “This was to be our time. The prophecy.”
“Even He can change his mind,” Kathryn said, and she ripped the sword downward, splitting the demon in two.

Billy stared up at the demon cloud, “Look.”
Rebecca opened her eyes as the clouds began to part, bathing the ground below in bright sunlight. Rain poured down as the clouds evaporated, drenching them.

The demons flew away in every direction, trying to stay under the cover of the cloud as the hole above the collapsed pyramid widened.

Kathryn floated above Billy and Rebecca as the winds subsided.
“Kathryn?” Billy asked.
She smiled at them, “Listen to my words.”

In Bucksnort, Tennessee, Cora Latham rose into the air in front of her farmhouse, “And thus does childhood end.”

In Reykjavik, Iceland, Petur Richter’s grandfather was floating in the air, “With you, I make a new covenant.”

Everywhere in the world, wherever three people were together, one would begin to say the words.

Kathryn smiled down at the crowd that was gathering, “This world and all that is in it, and the worlds that you will discover in time, all these worlds I give unto you. But, listen to my warning and take heed: there are more worlds even than the ones you will find, more universes than you can imagine, and, in the spaces between these universes, I walk alone. Do not venture into these places again.”
She floated down to the floor and knelt beside Billy and Rebecca, “You didn’t destroy the world, nice going, Billy.”
“George?”
Kathryn’s smile faltered, “Gone to the world he wanted.”
“You’re the left hand of God?”
She shrugged, “Someone is always the left hand of God.”
“The words you said, what do they mean?”
“I don’t know for sure, but I think you should make absolutely sure nobody repeats the experiments done here. We’re on His good side for now, but I think He gets pissed easily. Gotta go,” Kathryn said as she walked toward a hole in the floor over the doorway.
“Where are you going?” Billy asked as he pulled Rebecca closer.
Kathryn turned and looked at them, “There’s a war in hell. I think I’m going to go see if I can help out. Leave George where he is, Billy. He’s a saint. Even if they manage to open the doorway again, they won’t be able to pass by his bones. Seal the whole thing with concrete. And, don’t look back.” She disappeared into the floor.
“We won’t,” Billy said as he held Rebecca close and they watched the clouds blow away in all directions.
Epilogue
None of us ever saw her again,” the prophet said. “That there was, and perhaps still is a war in hell, of that I am sure. I choose to believe that the left hand of God, Kathryn Adams, former witch, and almost Whore of Babylon went on to help Nathan Campbell and the Repentant defeat Satan and his minions. I choose to believe that, but their fate has nothing to do with our own.”
“Open the blinds, please,” the prophet said.
His assistants pulled the ropes and the wooden blinds opened on the south wall. The room filled with bright sunlight.
The prophet Ray Adair, his hair gone white with age, his left arm restored by a bite from the woman he loved, squinted as he spoke, “The long night we remember is at an end, and the bright day we celebrate is here at last.”

Saffron held Ray’s hand as they walked out of the building that had once been the University of Virginia observatory, “This is the last year I am going to allow you to do this. Talking all night long is too much for an old man. Tell him, Billy.”
Billy smiled as he and Rebecca walked beside them, “Oh, leave me out of this.”
Ray patted his back, “Maybe you should speak next year, you are the one who went to California, after all.”
“No, no, no. You’re the prophet, Ray. Not me.”
Rebecca hissed, “Oh, no, here they come.”
The reporters pushed by the line of werewolves that guarded the procession.
A woman in a pencil skirt followed closely by a large man carrying a camera rushed up to them, “Mr. Adair, what is your reaction to the New York Times article yesterday saying the entire demon invasion was simply mass hysteria?”
Ray sighed, “How old are you?”
“Twenty seven, what does that have to do with…”
“Go ask your mother and father if they were caught up in mass hysteria. They can tell you just as well as I can about the veracity of the New York Times.” Ray pushed past the woman.
“One more question,” the woman said.
Saffron smiled at her, the laugh lines crinkling around her eyes, “The prophet is done answering questions, try back next year.”
The reporter laid her hand on Saffron’s arm.
Saffron growled.

About the Author


Tony Bowman writes Horror, Science Fiction, and Thriller novels from his home in Raleigh, North Carolina.

He is a native of the Appalachian Mountains of Virginia, and grew up in Butcher Knife Holler (or, "down on Butcher Knife" as the locals would say). It was a magical place where witches, bigfoot, and UFO's were considered fact and no street lights blocked out the view of the milky way at night.

Tony learned to read through comic books like Creepy, Turok: Son of Stone, and Superman. Later, he devoured the works of Heinlein, King, Bradbury, and Koontz.

His beautiful wife Laurie is his biggest fan, and his beautiful daughter Sara is his inspiration.

Tony has a few books to write, hopefully you'll enjoy reading them.

http://thattonybowman.blogspot.com

Other books by Tony Bowman:

Four members of a mercenary team are marked for death by the CIA. They hideout in the small town of Vales Hollow, Pennsylvania, seeking only to live quiet, peaceful lives. But, can these adrenalin junkies adjust to life in the slow lane? Or, is Vales Hollow really as peaceful as it appears on the surface?

Seventeen tales of terror, from a dating site that finds your match in the city morgue, to a sociopath in a beautiful package, to the witch next door. Horror writer Tony Bowman takes you to the edge of horror and suspense.

