

SMALL WORDS


By
Ross Ray


SMASHWORDS EDITION


Small Words
Copyright © 2014 by Ross Ray


This book is a work of fiction.  All characters, organizations, and events portrayed in this story are either products of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously.

All rights reserved.  No part of this publication can be reproduced or transmitted in any form by or any means, electronic or mechanical, without permission in writing from the author.

This story contains adult language and scenes of violence not suitable for young readers.

Best read by mature readers.


More From Ross Ray to come…


For Nick.


* * * * *


“So then, she starts going downstairs.  The priest adjusts his glasses for a third time, looks at the professor, and says, ‘But this is not my horse.’”  An uproar of lewd laughter and maniacal snorts filled with wet air blows from Jim’s nostrils at such high speeds that a lone, thin line of snot blasts its way past the steering wheel onto the dashboard.  He does not wipe the snot away and he does not stop laughing.  This is Jim’s favorite joke, and whether or not he is the one telling it has no affiliation with the resulting hysteria that always follows the punch line.  Tears trickle, and Jim slaps the wheel to better find himself in the laughter.
“The light’s green, Fuck-O.”  The truck ebbs forward.  Vincent writhes at these sounds in the passenger seat like a kid with a stomach bug, moaning in an anger dipped with fear, one that keeps Vincent guessing at how his best friend will react to what he has to say.
Jim smiles under his glowing red cheeks.  “What did you call me, Needledick?”
“I called you by your first name,” Vincent cracks, but Jim’s smile recedes into a thin, indifferent line lacking all humor.  It is expected of best friends to whip snide remarks and insults at each other.  The insults fly like baseballs, each one caught with a thick friendship-padded glove that removes the force of the throw and dissolves it into laughter.  The priest joke had always been reoccurring―told under unique circumstances that sprouted only several times a year―and while Jim drove a steady twenty down the semi-abandoned suburban streets of Grand Rapids, he reflected on how dry Vincent’s tone was and thought back to the last time the priest joke had been made.  Vincent had been the one telling the joke then.  They were drinking and watching their favorite―Point Break―while trying to have a sophisticated, professional conversation on philosophy when Jim hiccupped and dropped his bottle, draining the remnants on his crotch and ruining his pants.  As waves crashed on the television and in Jim’s head as he cursed himself, Vincent only laughed.  Jim joined only after Vincent whispered, “But this,” pointing at his drunken friend’s accident, “is not my whores.”
Jim coasts the truck to its next red light and asks, “So, Vinnie, what’s grinding your dick?”  Vincent glares at the snotrocket still sliming the dashboard.  Pressed on his lap are two fists, each white as snow.  “Don’t pretend there’s nothing.  Something clearly crawled up your butt this morning.”  Vincent’s fists flex to palms that clench his knees.  He looks out the passenger window and groans.  “Be grumpy somewhere else.  This is a no-sourpuss zone.  The last thing I want is to work with someone who dyes their hair black and mutters ‘no one understands me’ while closing doors on friends who want to help.”
“Does it look like I want your help?”  Vincent keeps his gaze outside on the empty sidewalk.  His head is now leaning on the window.
“What it looks like,” Jim starts, “is that you have an excessive amount of gravel in your vagina.”  The phlegm globber on the dash slides down to the untouched radio, zipping through the plastic layers of the air conditioning’s vent.  It strikes Jim juvenile for him to have left the snot, so he decides to clean his mistake.  He reaches for one of the many of stolen fast-food napkin in his door as Vincent speaks again, dryly.
“Light’s green.  Maybe I should drive.”  Jim takes off, leaving his napkin quest for another time and takes turns staring over the empty streets and his empty friend.  The next stop comes and goes.  The silence surmounts the awkward passive aggression in uncomfortableness, but even it falls when Vincent pretends to sneeze, covering up what may or may not have been an escaping sob.
“Hey, if you don’t want to talk or shit, then fine by me.”  The cold air inside the truck is thin, as if reality and its strings that held Vincent and Jim’s friendship together were looser than ever before.  “But, I said that joke for you, bro.  I knew you were shitty even before we got inside this truck.  We’re friends.”  Jim takes his free hand―known in younger years as the drinking hand―and pats Vincent’s shoulder.  Vincent trembles at the touch and squirms away as if being molested.  Jim’s had draws back slow, hurt.  “Vinnie?”
“Jim, what the fuck are we doing?”  Vincent gives him time to think.  “We’re going to some old fuck’s house, that’s what.  And just what in the ever-loving-fuck are we going to do when we get there, hmm?”
“Are these rhetorical questions?  I’m not following your bitch logic.”
“We’re going to empty out that stupid house, throw away most everything, pretend that our jobs have some remote form of purpose, and then do it all over again, and again, and again.”
Jim frowns.  “So you’re suffering from an existential crisis.  Terrific.”
“Then we go home.  We eat, drink, fuck, rinse and repeat.”
“Well, you and the wifey can plow ‘till the cows come home.  At least you have that to go back to.  You think I like creating a ballocaust every night?”
“I think you enjoy playing with yourself very much,” Vincent continued.  “That’s probably why you do it every night.”  The duo come to a fork.  Jim turns left into a cul-de-sac.  “I bet you even like this job.  I bet you enjoy throwing away people’s lively hood.  Daddy’s fucking little helper.”  The words floated out from Vincent’s mouth without care, and as he heard the screeching of tires―mistaking them for something other than a moving truck―he arched into the dashboard, head first.  Neither wore seatbelts in company trucks.
Jim eased his foot off the brake.  They were parked in the middle of the dead end street.  There were no cars to honk, no passing children to gawk and point.  It was just the perfect spot to set a friend in place.
“You not like this fucking job, Vincent?  Then leave!  Get the fuck out the door and take that sasshole attitude with you.”  Vincent cradled his scalp and untwisted his legs.  Jim had slammed the brakes harder than expected, but the surprise on Vincent’s part left Jim with elbow room to talk―without interruption.  “I don’t care that I work for my Dad.  In fact, I like it.  Whenever you get into these moods you’re so found of, you always seem to hold that above my head.  And fuck you, Vinnie.  Fuck you.  Am I some kind of sell out for sticking to the family business?  Are you jealous?  I don’t mind being a mover.  Money is money.  If you want to cure cancer and fly spaceships, then maybe you tagged along for the wrong ride.  You were hired as a friend, Vinnie, but to me, your family.  So fucking act like it.  Start by―oh shit.”  Vincent laid back, blood trickling from his nose, Jim’s dashboard splatter hanging on Vincent’s forehead like a wad of gum.  “Bro, you got a little…”  Jim waved his drinking hand around his face.  Vincent stayed motionless.  Jim set several napkins on his friend’s lap and resumed driving.
Their truck idled to the final house of the cul-de-sac.  It held a cobblestone porch with moss and weeds thriving on it like chest hair.  The building itself was a traditional faded two-story croak’n choke: the decrepit old man living in it croaked, and now the sad saps de-gutting it would choke on moldy air and―mostly likely―used diapers as they sifted through the abandoned belongings and threw them in dumpsters.  No broken windows, but no one could overlook the dirt stains caked on the walls or the broken screen door hanging by a hinge beside the scratchy, wooden front door.
Vincent watched a robin swoop from the porch onto the truck’s hood.  He tried ignoring its beauty when it stretched its wings by saying, “Amber’s pregnant.”
The truck’s engine wheezed into silence as Jim pulled out the key and fumbled it to his feet.  “Freals?” he asked, but Vincent had already left the passenger seat.  He was pace walking to the house, hands in pockets, eyes on ground.  Jim nearly leapt from the truck without closing his door.  “No way?  No way!  No shit!”  He force hugged Vincent from behind and only tightened when he tried to break free.  “Take it, Dad.  Get used to hugs.  You’re going to be getting a lot of ‘em.”
“I don’t know how I feel,” croaked Vincent.  “Numb, I guess.”
“Numb?”  Jim released Vincent and slid to his front.  Eye contact was out of the question, but Jim felt conversations held more weight when the toes were aimed at each other.  “The fuck is this numb shit?  You’re going to be a dad!  I’m going to be an uncle!”  The words came natural, and only after thinking about them in context did Jim’s words find their footing.  His mouth gaped for a second.  “Jesus Christ, I’m going to be an uncle.”
“Yeah,” Jim agreed.  “Uncle Jackoff, reporting for duty.  Don’t act so shocked.  You won’t have to deal with anything.  I have the fucking weight of the world on my mind right now, and you’re just a bachelor!”
“Is… Is that a bad thing, Vinnie?”
“No,” sighed Vincent.
“Then don’t talk down to me.”
Three robins now perch on the truck’s hood.  They chirp and hop and fly as one unit to the cobblestone porch, tweeting all the way.  It was all too happy for Vincent look at, so he threw a rock.  It clanked against the stone wall and sent the small family of birds screaming.
“You need the day off, man?”  Jim’s question hung in the air like a bad odor.  He couldn’t tell if Vincent was ignoring him.  “House is shit, but the old bat didn’t actually die.  Nursing home a la Alzheimer’s disease.  He took most his stuff.  I could do this whole house on my own, if you wanted?”
Vincent wiped where he felt fresh blood.  He smeared the two drops along his philtrum as if wiping up a strawberry milk mustache.  He then looked at his rosy hand and blankly stated, “I don’t know what I want.”
“Well tell ya what, this is what I want.”  Jim locked Vincent’s shoulders with his palms and waited until he had captured his best friend’s undivided attention.  It took fifty seconds.  “I want you to calm down, take a walk, sleep in the truck―whatever the fuck, and just take a break.  Life’s hard, man.  You need breaks once in a while, amirite?”  Vincent blinked one tear down his cheek.  Jim’s hands clamped harder.  “Yeah, I’m right.  I’ll take care of this house.  You focus on finding yourself.  You seem… lost.  In thought or shit.”  As Vincent trundled past the truck onto the street for an aimless escapade, his pal called out, “Bro, you need help?”
Vincent’s response involved his back, one hand, and one finger.
“Love you too, bra!” Jim shouted.  “Stubborn fuck,” Jim whispered.
From that final house on the dead end, Vincent strayed nearly a mile, nodding his head at foreclosed houses and wincing when he realized he had been in most of them.  How many livelihoods had he ruined?  Just how many priceless family photo albums and heirlooms had he tossed?  It was staggering to think about, but it was also his job.
He recalled a blue farm house with a full acre within the city’s limits.  Farm house?  More like mansion.  It was three stories, had two connecting porches from the base floor to the second, and beaming, glowing stained glass windows on the top story that illuminated rays unlike anything Vincent had ever seen when he and his best friend arrived with the keys in hand.  The blue farm house had belonged to the Dillard’s, a simple family cluster of three that neither Vincent or James (originally) knew anything about.  The three family members where Don, Eleanor, and Dylan Dillard.  Don and Eleanor were a warm husband and wife couple of nearly sixty years, both living healthfully and lovingly in the house Don’s grandfather had built with his own two hands.  They had one child their whole marriage.  Their daughter grew, developed, and in the years, the Dillard’s were grandparents.  Dylan Dillard joined the family tree with strapping grip strength and eyes that would never focus on who was talking.  The child had a burning passion for airplane and ship models and nothing else.  When Dylan’s parents found he was struggling to hold conversations and almost always seemingly on his tippy toe, they took him to the hospital.  At four years of age, Dylan Dillard was diagnosed with autism, and at seven years of age, when Dylan was being babysat at his grandparent’s blue barn house, he was told his mother and father had died in a car accident while driving to Colorado for vacation.
With nowhere to go, Dylan became adopted by the only two people left that he knew by name.  Grandma and Grandpa were always there for Dylan, becoming the family he needed and the family he missed all at once.  With years, Dylan recovered from his loss.  His passion for model aircrafts and aircraft carriers developed into a hobby.  Every birthday―and every other weekend, if Dylan had been well-behaved―Don would pick up a new model and a small canister of glue from the hardware store and feel his eyes sparkle as Dylan assembled it in minutes.  Dylan conquered his autism.  He honed down, developed, and believed.  He never used the instructions, but he also never made a mistake.  At age sixteen, Dylan had hundreds of plastic and metal models sitting, hanging, floating and rolling around in his extravagant bedroom: the blue barn house’s entire third floor.  Vincent had seen them himself, actually, and he was stupefied.  The entire third floor of the house was a historical monument.  Battle fields padded with real dirt, air-zones kept alive by string, a sea (fish tank) with floating ships and missiles dating back to every skirmish and world war American history had every touched prior to the 1980’s.  It was like being in a museum, one made with the mind of a keeper who had literally memorized every piece to every ship for every reason by memory yet could not look at people without blushing or stuttering.  Yes, Vincent had been vastly impressed by what he saw, and that made him hate himself even more.
Dylan had no friends.  He was an autistic model lover with no social skills and no wants to press out from his bubble of safety.  So, as Dylan grew into his manhood always loving his (grand)parents, always making and memorizing models, always trying his best to be happy, always talking like a child, he turned thirty-seven.  He was making a Bell P-39 Airacobra when he heard the phone ring all the way down on the first floor.  He left it on his desk never to finish.  Vincent had looked at the P-39, at its unpainted, unassembled parts.  They seemed so cold, unloved and unwanted.  Dylan abandoned his P-39 ran down the stairs on his toes and answered the phone.  At age thirty-seven, Dylan became an orphan once more.  Don and Eleanor had gone shopping for groceries.  Don’s heart had stopped on the highway; Eleanor’s stopped in a ditch.
When Vincent and Jim arrived at the big blue barn house, they knew the story, but it held no weight for them.  They had already been demoralized by the job; emptying out houses was their calling it seemed.  The two best friends were known for their efficiency as well as their persistent vulgar bickering, but this house took the longest, and for all the wrong reasons.
Dylan Dillard had been missing for three days.  His grownup body had been placed in adult foster care along with his child-like brain.  Reports had shown strong discomfort on Dylan’s side, even instances of violence.  He didn’t get along with anyone, and when his caretaker came to his room only to find an empty bed and a smashed window, a missing person’s report was filed.  On day one, panic and tears filled the eyes of no one.  Dylan had no friends.  On day two, his case became more severe, almost on a federal level; almost.  On day three, Vincent and Jim opened the door to Don and Eleanor’s grand bedroom on the first floor of the big blue barn house.
Dylan was lying in the center of the bed, waiting, wearing only his birthday suit.  His foster care cloths were in a rag pile by the door and reeked of piss.  The ribs on his chest were extruding like sand dunes, and the shoulders they connected to held two separate outfits.  On his right, Dylan’s shoulder tucked under a fully assembled tuxedo; on his left, a gorgeous white dress of wedding stature.  All that was missing was Don and Eleanor.
When Dylan realized he wasn’t alone, he flashed up and ran to the farthest corner.  His withered body rattled against the nearest window, and only after the house was fully degutted did Vincent realize Dylan had been trying to break out.
“Don’t take me back!” the thirty-seven-year-old shrieked.  “Gamma!!  Grumpa!!  MMOOOOMMM!!”  Jim approached cautiously as Vincent blocked the bedroom door.  When Jim got within two feet, Dylan fell backwards onto him and cried hysterically.  “Everyone’s dead!  Everyone’s dead!  Everyone’s dead!”  Vincent called an ambulance, watching sorrow spin the room and Dylan’s legs as he kicked and shouted, “Everyone dies!  I want Gamma!  I want Grumpa!  Don’t take me back!”
The ambulance arrived faster than expected, and when Dylan heard its siren, his dynamism became restored.  He fled from the room with the agility of a child and vanished in the mini-mansion.  Vincent assisted the paramedics in finding Dylan, opening every door to every room and closet.  Jim waited outside, his head in his hands.
Minutes dragged on for figurative hours, but finally Vincent shouted, “He’s up here!”  Vincent saw the forgotten P-39 on the workshop bench of a desk for the first time, and curled up in a ball beneath it, Dylan.  The starving, malnourished naked man held two armfuls of models against his chest, resting on top of them as if they were his children.  When the paramedics came up, Vincent whispered, “He’s okay, I think he just wants his toys.”  The paramedics ignored Vincent, pulled out a sedative filled syringe, and began crawling to him.  As Dylan screamed, he began accidentally smashing his models.  They crunched under his feet, and when the desk flipped, he dashed to the fish tank and knocked it over.  He flopped twice in the water before becoming tackled and stabbed.
“NO!  NHAW!!”  His voice dropped.  His body became weak.  “No one loves me.  No one loves ME…”
The thin staircase leading up to Dylan’s secret historical stash of models made bringing a stretcher impossible, so Vincent watched awestruck as the suited up paramedics carried him down the stairs.  One man held him by the feet, another by the hands.  It didn’t seem to Vincent as if the paramedics cared whether Dylan’s body bonked into walls or stairs, and as Vincent became the only person left in the flooded museum, he looked at all the perfectly amassed WW2 fighter planes and thought of a horrific photograph from his childhood that he had found amongst all the war magazines his father collected.  The black and white still was of two men smiling and waving to the camera as they carried the mostly dead body of a starving, weak, abandoned old man by his limbs.  The old man was also looking at the camera, but all life was absent in his eyes.  They were black marbles holding only the emotion of pain.  Vincent thought of the paramedics and their colored cross insignia, and then he thought one last time of the photograph with the two smiling men wearing swastikas and shuddered.
Vincent and Jim spent the rest of the day throwing away trinkets and knick knaks with Don and Eleanor’s antiques.
“But that’s the convenience of having a shit job,” spat Vincent.  “You can always look at the grind and use it as an excuse.”  But what was Vincent’s excuse?  “I’m stressed about being a dad and it’s amplifying my hatred for this fuck-up job where I trash everyone’s belongings.”  Believable to a T.  Why, even a best friend would have no problem believing such a simple lie.  Everyone gets stressed out; we’re only human.
Give the man some air!
He’ll be back in no time, ready to kill another house and make anxiety his bitch.
Vincent might even finish early.  He’s always been such a hard worker, bubbling up his own emotional problems and keeping them from surfacing.  If he does finish early, he’ll skip to either the bar for Jim or to bed for Amber.  What was it that the wifey always said?
“You’re always going to the bar―sometimes I wonder if I married a man or a child,” Vincent mimicked, his voice high and airy.  “Whenever we fight, you runaway to the bar with your tail between your legs and drink your problems away with a high school chum.  You’re so passive; you’re not even a real man.”  But every married couple fights, right?  It’s healthy, perfectly normal, just like how it’s normal for Vincent to go to the bar five nights a week.  “You never this, you never that.  Bitch, make up your mind!”
A gasp murmured out, and Vincent saw a mother covering her child’s ears while they sat at a bus stop, staring at Vincent.  “That man said a swear!” the child exclaimed, using both index fingers to aim at the severity of Vincent’s word choice.  Blushing, Vincent turned around and ran away from his newest―ever so comical and minute―problem.
He found a park, one without playgrounds and picnic tables, and decided to sit.  The grass was muddy.  Vincent wondered what he would find at home if he went back for a new change of clothes.  “That’s stupid,” Vincent whispered.  “I always pack two pairs.”  He stared hard into the mud, looking as if constipation was holding him by strings.  “I’m dependable,” he guessed.
Amber and Vincent have been married for just under six years, a fact Amber keeps reminding Vincent of as his 29th birthday looms closer and closer.  It sounded absurd to Vincent―five whole years?―but it was true.  Year six was fast approaching, and regardless of how many of those years Vincent could remember, how grey they all seemed, birthday preparations were in order.  He’d have to invite all his pals.  Shots for everyone.  Amber would make their dining room table a party orgy of flavors in pizza, salsa, and cake.  Maybe an erotic cake?  Something tasty, funny, and covered in nipples.  Everyone would love that!  It would be a blast!  Jim and everyone else would talk about Vincent’s 29th for weeks!
Sometimes I wonder if I married a man or a child.
“And sometimes, just sometimes, I wonder if I married the love of my life or a slut,” said Vincent.
One month ago, Vincent had been on a solo croak’n choke at a trailer park.  The family that lived there had taken most all of anything that had value, and apparently that was everything.  All Vincent had to do was sweep cat hair and seal windows.  In and out; five minutes.  Because this was his only assigned house of the day (and also because Jim had taken it as a literal sick day), he had the whole day to spend with Amber.  He texted her giddily―like a child―and asked, “Guess who’s coming over?”  He smiled at his phone and raced out of the trailer.  When he buckled up and pulled out of park, he looked one more time at his phone and read Amber’s response.  “gimme that cock,” it read, and that was just what Vincent planned to do.
He swerved into the driveway some minutes later.  Vincent’s mind was driving something other than a car.  As he tore off his belt, her text slipped in and out, in and out, in and out of his brain.  “When was the last time?” he wondered.  It was at least three months, but who’s counting?  Not Vincent, nope!  He’d never!  Vincent is above such trivial sensations as sex.  It’s him and whatever Amber wants first, and then, only then if he’s lucky, will he dare to coax cock into the relationship.  And then there was Amber’s text.  “gimme that cock”  So bold, so strong.  This was a new side of Amber, one that Vincent wondered if he was ready to break into.  He locked his car door and saw his jeans screaming to be ripped off, literally pushing with all of its might at the bulge between his legs.  “Gimme gimme gimme,” Vincent smiled, and jokingly limped to the front door.
The last time―and the time before that―had been in bed, in the dark, after work.  Today, given Amber’s hungry text, Vincent was thinking something a little more spicy.  A table?  The living room?  The windows open?  The front door unlocked?  Something, anything, all for his love.  It had been years since he had come back from work so early.  Poor Amber was dying in there!  Starving to death!
Vincent slammed open the door and shouted, “Honey!  I’m home!”  He shivered his jaw, adding vibrato to his enthusiasm while he stamped his feet and posed.  He was aiming for the physique of a lumberjack.
“Vincent?!”  The shock in her voice screeched out and stung his ears.  He looked to where her voice had traveled and saw her in bright shades of neon blue; a short skirt that pressed firmly into her legs and squeaked as she waddled backwards.  Vincent’s eyes crawled up and down, eventually to focus on Amber’s chest that was left mostly exposed through thin lace.
Of all the emotions to pick, Vincent chose appreciation.  Amber had dressed up just for him.  She was never into lingerie or much of anything else mildly kinky, but today, she wanted it, and Vincent was just the man to give it.
He crept to Amber with open arms and whispered sweet nothings.  Amber―blushing more than her husband had ever seen before―coughed over her own words before sputtering, “Why don’t you put on something else a little more…”  Vincent swept in for a slow hug.  Amber gently pushed away, a thin smile on her face.  “Take off your work cloths.  I’ll be waiting upstairs.”  As she strutted away―carrying herself with sultry mannerisms Vincent hadn’t seen in years―he saw her blue high-heels.  They were bright, thick and glossy.  As he stripped (and closed the windows and locked the doors), he thought very little about how he had never seen her neon blue outfit before or how she would have known to have bought it in the first place.  He never got back this early.  She must have nabbed it for a steal of a price and kept it tucked away for months.
It was hard to contain his excitement, and with that fiery passion that had been burning him ever since the wifey’s text, he was only able to contain it for two minutes.
“I’m sorry.”
“No, no,” Amber sighed.  “That was good.  I liked it.  It was just fine.”  Vincent laughed as she sat up.  “What?”
“Your shoes!”  He pointed at her blue high heels, still strapped to her feet.  “You never took them off!”  His laughter bounced into a chuckle.  “I was so busy getting busy, I didn’t even notice!”
Amber shrugged.  “I didn’t notice either.”  She hopped out of bed and pulled a matching blue towel around her waist.
“Whacha doing?”
“I’m going to take a quick shower,” she said.  “Need to wash up.”
“Need company?”
“Nah, you’ve done enough.”  Perplexed lines wrinkled on Vincent’s forehead, so Amber tossed a trying smile and laughed, “Love ya, babe,” and then left Vincent alone just as quickly as the fling had started.
Vincent lay on his back, arms and legs extended like da Vinci’s Vitruvian Man, and began to doze.  How beautiful, no, gorgeous had Amber looked in blue?  How terrific did he feel knowing she dressed up just for him?  Why did she sound so shocked when he walked in?  Was that all part of the ploy?  It had made Vincent’s collar hot, so what else could it be?  He loved her, she loved him, and the night was just beginning!
His eyes closed, his thoughts creeping to a halt, and he heard a buzzing that made him bolt up ninety degrees.  He looked around.  His wife and what he had just imagined to be in her hands was nowhere.  “Not that kinky,” he thought, and then shot his eyes back and forth as he heard the buzz once more.  Its light died with the buzz, but Vincent saw the cellphone before this happened.  He picked it up wondering if Jim had tried calling when he felt a crack on screen.  “Oh,” he burped.  “it’s Amber’s.”  As he began placing it back on the nightstand, it buzzed one final time, revealing the two most recent texts, sent while Amber was in the shower.
1.he gone yet?
2.you there???

In Jim’s arms was a cardboard box of well-read paperback novels.  Most dated back to the early seventies and sixties, and when Jim threw them into the truck, particles of paper flew like dust.  He coughed into his arm and forced himself from the truck.  Just after sneezing, he saw Vincent, hands in pockets, posture slouched.
“Well fuck me!  Look who decided to help his friend do their job?  You feelin’ better?”  Vincent walked closer, each second excruciating for Jim.  “Lead in your ass?  Hurry up!  I found a whole medicine cabinet full of―bro, you been crying?”  Vincent’s eyes were like his wife’s blue high heel shoes he had never bought: glossy.  His eyes were also kept on his feet, a Vincent trademark for disgruntlement.  Jim leapt in front of his best friend before Vincent could veer past and keep walking.  “The buck stops here, Vincent.  What’s wrong?  No way you’re this upset about a pebble sized embryo.  What’s really wrong.  You can tell me.”  Vincent adjusted his pants.  They were starting to sag; the legs were covered in thick squares of dirt and mud.  “Vincent, you my nigga.”  Jim clapped Vincent’s shoulders.  “Come on, man.  Say it.  Say it for me.”
Vincent sucked in with his nose and blew out a wad of phlegm onto the sidewalk large enough to rival Jim’s dashboard splatter.  After the snort, Vincent whispered, “You my nigga too, Jim.”
“Good,” Jim started, “now tell me everything.” 
Vincent sifted in place.  How much was everything?  Was it five good years of marriage plus one month text-poisoned doubt?  Was that really all there was to talk about?  Thinking about it this way made it seem too simple; made Vincent feel naïve.  How could he possibly let Jim feel the genuine weight of his conscience?  What advice could he possibly give?
“Amber,” Vincent said.  “I don’t think…  I can’t trust―”
“Can’t trust?” interrupted Jim, shaking Vincent by the shoulders.  “Can’t trust?”  He shook again―involuntary, it seemed―causing Vincent to shove back in anger.
“Did you want to fucking hear me say anything or did you plan on patronizing me the whole time?”
“Vincent, for fuck’s sake!  How long have you been married?  Three, four, five years?  You’ve been married this long and you think you can’t trust her?”
Vincent could feel the fire in his cheeks.  It twisted his lips into a scowl.  “Why did I even think you’d be able to help with anything?”
“Yeah, and why did I ever look up to you?”  Jim’s newest remark swiped Vincent’s scowl for a frown, but Jim went on.  “Vin, you’re made out of trust issues.  You’re mad at your wife for who the fuck knows why and now that means you can’t trust me or anyone else.  It’s always the same when you get grumpy.”
“You sound like Amber.”
“And you’re a broken record.  Whatever Amber did―whatever you’re accusing her of―can you look at me and say it with one-hundred percent certainty?  Do you even trust yourself?”
Nope.  But Vincent wasn’t about to blurt that out.  What?  And look like more of a fool than he already felt?
“Well,” egged Jim, “do ya?”
Silence.
“Vin, you knew full-well going into this conversation that you were going to underplay my opinions solely on the fact that I’ve never been married.”  Vincent opened his mouth and managed two syllables before being cut dry.  “Shut up.  I’m your best friend.  I’m the one you cry to whenever whatever, so just spend the next few seconds shutting the fuck up while I try my best to set you straight.”
“Thank you?” shrugged Vincent.
“You love Amber.  You love her so fucking much you married her.  Said your vows and everything.  Said that you’d trust her and love her and forgive her and shit.”
“Real poetic.”
“So if you really love her, then act like it!  Be the man of the relationship!  Stop speculating over stupid shit and fix this aversion you have with growing up.  I see it, clearly, so Amber must see it too.”
Sometimes I wonder if I married a man or a child.
Jim continued, “You’re going to be a dad now, Vin.  We can’t go on drinking at the bar our whole lives, can we?  I’d be scared if I was going to be a dad, believe me, petrified even, but I’d just have to eat shit and face the facts: it’s scary growing up.”  Vincent wondered if this was a pre-rehearsed monologue that Jim had been working on for years, but Jim also knew there to be some truth in what was being said and felt it resonating in his cheeks, soothing the fire.  “If you can’t pin anything, if you’re just searching for excuses, then you owe Amber a big apology.  If I can barely handle you, it’s a wonder Amber’s been able to for so long.  Four years, right?”
“Six.”
“Exactly.”  Jim crossed his arms.  “Vin, I still got this house to gut.  You can help or walk.  Doesn’t matter to me either way.  Not much left inside.”  His voice was dropping.  Normal frequencies under relaxed weather.  His pride shown brightest when he suggested, “Maybe you should go home?  Talk it up with the misses?”
It was only one day, thought Vincent.  For only one day had he ever felt his marriage veer into insanity.  Only one day and only two texts.  He reflected the entirety of his marriage, and comparing all those years to just one bump on the log seemed no longer authoritative but infantile.  Vincent knew she wasn’t like that.  He had had years of experience.  She was above that.  They were above that.
Through carefully cut lines of thought, Vincent stacked his way back into confidence while Jim resumed the task at hand, clearing his pants of dust before reentering the croak’n choke.
“I could always walk home,” whispered Vincent.  “The house isn’t more than five miles away.  I could walk that.  I could run that.”  He spun and tapped his feet.  His knuckles bounced.  “But what if I get there, and what if I find…”  What was it that Jim said?  How did he put it?  “I’m made of trust issues.  I think the worst and expect the worst.”  He kept one foot tapping, pacing it rhythmically to his humming and newly found appreciation for Amber.  “I’m lucky she hasn’t left me already, the way I think.”
Jim kicked the front door open.  A crumpling box with cast-iron paperweights began slipping from his grip as he tried to walk.  Vincent swiped in to save it from crashing.
“You back?”
Vincent gave back the box, wiped his eyes.  “Yeah, I’m back.”
“Terrific!”  His voice sank suddenly, becoming grim and cartoony.  “You can start wi’the basement.  Ain’t no one been down them parts in ‘bout ‘hundred years.  Some say it’s cursed.  Most every’n else is dead.”
“The sooner I go there the sooner I’ll be away from you and your humor.”
“Funny thing ‘bout movie impersonations, one day they’ll―”  A soft punch to the side fluffed out any air that would have otherwise been wasted on Jim’s joke and gave Vincent just enough silence to enter the house stress free.
With each blink, Vincent saw a new sea of dust cover the last in stale, lingering drafts of air caused by simple steps.  Vincent stomped―for good measure―and heard something beneath him crack.  He blinked and witnessed a smoggy cloud of lint and skin cells squeeze into its room shaped shell.  The floorboard had cracked, but the fine line proving this was nothing more than a hairline.  The line seemed to squiggle in the dust, and as he blinked Vincent discovered the strangest of urges festering deep in his lungs.  It tore at his veins with each cloudy breath of air and told him to stomp a few more times.  Harder, though.
Jim pushed through the front door just as Vincent slammed his foot for the third time.  The floorboard snapped in two, sending toothpicks and popsicle sticks into the now tornado brew of wind and dust.
“Can’t find the basement?” asked Jim.
Vincent held his eyes shut.  His back was to Jim and the front door.  “Yeah,” he rasped.  “Got frustrated.”
“You’re fucking staring at it, dickweed.”
Vincent waited for the storm of dirt and dust to settle.  He opened his eyes after he could no longer feel filth layering on his face and stared at a partially open doorway of descending stairs.
“I knew it was there,” he wheezed.
“Get in the fuckn’ basement, Vincent.”
He stomped the whole two steps there, and after he entered, slammed the door shut, tried to find the stairs, he reopened it and cracked in just enough light to see but also to remain privately sulky.  Vincent was forced to trend lightly on the steps.  If he stomped here, he’d be sent falling, and if he had to put up with Jim’s annoying laugh one more time…
From wood to concrete, Vincent’s feet swept cautiously in the dark while his hands swiped around for a punching bag.  With years of moving under his belt, it was under Vincent’s acquired knowledge of house trashing that he reasoned there to almost always be a miniature gym in the old, single, and dying department of his job.  Yeah, it was a stereotype, but yeah, it was almost always right.  The older, more mature eagles like to keep their feathers fluffed far past their tolerance with denial or their acceptance with abandonment.  Some weren’t eagles at all.  Some were just lone wolves waiting for a pack that would never be.  There were several other stereotypes, actually, and even when easiest to tack on weighted jokes like race or religion, he and his best friend kept it the strictest of their hilarity filled taboos and made sure not to abuse it.  But still, Vincent knew it would feel nothing shy of amazing to plow a punching bag to Hell and back, and even then, statistically given and routinely proven, he was much more likely to find one in the abandoned old man’s house than anywhere else.
A chain bobbled between Vincent’s fingers.  When he found it again, he pulled lightly and showered the square outlet of basement in light.  The old bulb hazed with yellow and grey, a perfect shade for the moldy clothes and oil stained concrete he was seeing.  A glimmer bounced in the back with the swaying light, revealing another bulb and another chain.  It could have been the light, or it may have been Vincent’s false sense of security, but either way, when he marched forward to nab the next light, his legs wrapped around a thick hidden box like shadows.  He flew over the box.  With his hands flying around like panicked doves, he slammed them into each other and then into what felt like the thickest of timbers imaginable.  He heard and felt something pop over his cursing, and after he successfully stood and pulled the chain he thought would have been so much easier to pull, he saw that his left knuckles were already beginning to swell.  His arms had flailed into a pinewood table, vintage, with what appeared to be metal carvings of deer wrapped around its legs in a thin blanket of rust.  The deer danced up the legs.  On the flat surface of the table, Vincent saw that the wood had been carved, burned, painted and smoothed.  The table was an all wooden painting of a forest, the fawns who loved it, and the bucks who protected it.
“Should be fun throwing that one away,” said Vincent.  Holding his throbbing knuckles, he saw how heavy the piece would be, how awkward the metal casted legs would be to aim up the stairs, how much easier it would be if he just took an axe and chopped it up into little firewood-sized pieces.  “It would be that much easier.  Just chop it up.”  As his fingers rolled in pain, he looked over his shoulder in disgust filled anger.  “What the fuck did I trip on?”
With a fitness model in what could only be a pink and teal nightmare of an outfit from the nineties, strong red letters and numbers covered the box with empty claims and promises.  After reading half of them, Vincent noticed he was looking at the unopened box of a punching bag.
He was too angry to ignore it and way too frustrated to open it.  Even if he assembled it, he’d be too tired by then to punch it.  And then, of course, he’d throw it away.  What he wanted most was right before him, practically laughing at him in the basement he knew he’d find it in, but the idea of getting any frustration out with it unassembled and lying useless in its outdated box was out of the picture.
Vincent fought off all urges to kick the box and walked into another corner of the room.  A third chain dangled limply above cardboard boxes.  He pulled.  Cooking and outdoors magazines that no one would ever want to read.  Books, all with next to no spine and all of an unhealthy yellow stained ivory than anything resembling white.  More magazines.  Rotten ragdolls with buttons for eyes.  Newspaper clippings.  A notebook.  Spiders.  More newspaper clippings; cut ones, taped along the wall.  They’re in bold black captions and each headline seems like the announcement for another unwanted war.  Another Vietnam, to be precise.  The date of each article is in the late seventies.  The man pictured on each article seems destroyed.  Like his whole world is crashing.
“What the fuck am I looking at?”  Vincent scans his eyes up and down the papers taped to the wall.  True Evil! one article states.  A Nightmare For All reads another.  All the papers tacked to the wall were from Grand Rapids, but as Vincent allowed his eyes to bleed down the wall, he saw all the other newspaper clippings sitting in the box by his chest were all speaking about the same event.  The event had made national news, it seemed.  Michigan left speechless!  McCarthy’s confessions revealed!  Grand Rapid’s child count confirmed and rising!  He looks deep into the man on the papers, Mr. McCarthy.    The older man is tall, slender but fit and wears a face of pure anguish.  In one article it looks as if McCarthy’s lips are curling into his nose, another has his eyes so tightly squeezed shut with tears that they appear to be drawn on.  McCarthy looks full of unimaginable regret, but Vincent wonders if that regret is from the crime or the capture.  Child count?  A sick fuck like this would probably bawl his eyes out in court once the judge tells him he didn’t erase all of his computer history.  “Wait.  No.  Too early.  Way too early.”  No computers in the seventies.  No cellphones either.  No way to call for help if someone snatched you up at a playground.
Vincent felt his legs shake.  His brain followed and bubbled as a rotisserie chicken at the thought of fatherhood and the faintest possibility that people like McCarthy are still lurking everywhere.  As Vincent sat on the concrete floor, he thought less of the national headlines and more about the local clippings.  “McCarthy was from Grand Rapids,” thought Vincent.  “How many other fuckers are there?  How many people just in GR?”  The word ‘parenthood’ fluttered in his stomach.  He gagged and tried focusing his mind on something else.  Something less disgusting.
His first attempt:  “Why… Why does this old man have all these clippings?”
His second:  “The notebook.  There’s a notebook sitting right in front of all the newspapers.”
It was small for a notebook―only larger than Vincent’s palm by an inch―but its weight seemed immaculate.  There was a thick sharpie stain on the cover.  A date.  The number four, a slash, and then the number twenty.  Nothing else.
April twentieth held its own personal weight for Vincent, but as he kept staring at the notebook, the date seemed less like a time and more like a fraction.  The slash was too slanted, the numbers too skittish.  Four twentieths?  If the old man was smart, he could have just reduced that fraction down to one fifth, twenty percent, but if the newspaper clippings haunting the walls had any relevance to this oddly placed notebook, the numbers may have been left unfiltered out of respect for what they represented.
Vincent clutched the notebook and ripped to the first page, a sting of cold fear sliding up his arms.  As he read, his blood chilled the core of his heart into a gasp of shock and intrigue.  It was like looking at a car accident.  He felt obligated to stare, but the obscenities of the subject matter would haunt him in his sleep.  He knew this, but on he read until he finished the first paragraph.  Vincent caught his breath and readied himself to dive back in, but the journal was snatched from his hands and flew out of sight.
“Four-twenty?” asked Jim, holding the book upside-down.  “Blaze it faggot?”  He flipped through the pages, not bothering to read its words.  Vincent tore it from his grasp.
“It’s not a Highku book, you idiot,” he snarled.  “It’s a journal, and I was fucking reading it.”
“Sweet.  Now you can go read it somewhere else where I won’t bother you.  Why not outside?”  His dry humor was revolting to Vincent, but there seemed to be something underlying his otherwise brutish orders.  “You should be able to have lots of peace and quiet outside.  Better reading light too.”
“The fuck, Jim?”
“I’m saying take the rest of the day off.  I was out of my element thinking you could work today after that baby bombshell.  You should really just take a nap.”  Jim smiled slowly, sincerely, it advertised.  “Naps are always good, and don’t say they aren’t.”
“So you’re kicking me out then.  You’re forcing me into an early day.”  Vincent felt more hurt than he knew he should, but even if it was in his best regards to take a[nother] break, it meant Jim could do his job better without his best friend.
“Yup,” he shrugged.  “That’s about it.”
“Well, I think I will take the day off.”
“Fine.  Good.  See ya.”  Jim turned his back and began nesting up an armful of moldy cloths.  He dropped them into a pile and began to silently stack, intentionally ignoring Vincent’s presence and secretly encouraging him to leave.
It worked.
Vincent marched out the front door.  When he hit the sidewalk, he basked in sunlight until beads of sweat worked up and down his neck.  He then searched around for a cozy reading spot and settled with an abandoned bus bench, its wooden frame leaning against a vine covered fence.
“From here,” he thought, “I can read―wait, shit.”  He reached into his pocket and pulled out his cellphone.  He looked at the non-buzzing screen and made sure it stayed black.  After turning it off, he felt at ease.  “I can read here in the shade without being fucked with.  When was the last time?  I never get to read like this.”  His lungs snapped with the last word, stabbing like a thick needle of pain from the bottom up.  Remembering the context of what the notebook held, he frowned and scolded himself for talking so lightly about his time.  “Do I even want to read this?”
It was a question that floated from shade to sun in the light summer breeze.  After the hairs on his arm receded, he re-opened to the first page.

I am a dying old man.  I can’t eat, I can’t write, and I can’t remember.  I spend my days sleeping, waiting.  Every day is a new gamble.  Some days I don’t even remember my own name.  But my name…  Nothing good ever came out of my name.  I never did anything with myself.  I never did anything with my life.  I’m an old raisin, a prune, and when I’m not exploring the everyday new halls of my house, I’m trying to recall anything about myself that I like.  I never find anything, and it’s not because of my Alzheimer’s.  It’s because of what I did, or really, what I didn’t do.  It’s because of what haunts me, what I can’t forget even after years of trying.  My diagnosis was a blessing in the beginning.  I wanted to forget it, him, but it seems that when my death comes, my brain will be blank of all but that one lone, unrelenting memory.  I try—for years I’ve been trying, every day―to hide it, suppress it, but that only makes it worse.  I get nightmares when I do that.  In those nightmares, I never escape.  He grabs me.  I scream, thrash and kick, but I never escape.  He always gets me.  But if there’s anything else to keep me from slumber, it is the always present uncertainty of my soul’s final destination.  If any of my friends were alive, they’d say, “Ol’ Nick?  He’s nicer than a new belt buckle!  He’s the brightest bulb in the shack!  He’s a glowing example of what can come out of Baptist Reformed Churches!”  But they don’t know what I’ve done.  They don’t know what I did―and what I didn’t.  But I hold no grudge or even a single freckle of malice to my fallen friends.  There is no reason to be angry.  It’s not like they would have ever known, ever would have been able to guess.  I didn’t tell anyone.  ANYONE!  And now, here I am, a deflated balloon with only the air of a sinister confession left keeping me alive.  Maybe that’s why I’m writing it?  If anything is to come of this journal entry, maybe it’ll be a clean conscience?  I can hope.  If He feels I’m truly sorry for what I’ve done, maybe I won’t go to Hell.  I can hope…
I was twelve years old.  It had been a hard winter, the best for sledding and hot chocolate.  The snow actually went up past my head in several spots.  This was before the big plow trucks we have now, you see.  Kids could run around anywhere in the snow, even down streets, and at no time would it feel like they were anywhere else but Narnia.  Our imaginations were better then, too.  Twigs were guns, snowballs were grenades, and the American team always won against the Japs.  My friends at the time would all gather up on Saturday mornings and we’d have competitions on fort building.  Their merits were in height, durability, and appearance.  You can’t just make a mound of snow and call it a fort, no sir-ree.  You need an entrance, something you can cover with bark to block out the enemy.  You also need an escape tunnel to crawl out of if they make it up your walls.  But the snow fights rarely got that intense.  They mostly just turned into rounds of freeze tag or king of the hill.  And none of that touch rule stuff the kids are taught nowadays.  The king of the hill is the king, and you only get there by shoving.  And kicking.  And sometimes fighting.  But it was always a good time.  That winter in ’52 especially, because that was when my father introduced me to the concept of money.  Not what it was or how it worked.  He taught me that when I was much younger.  No, he introduced me to turning profits.
“Grand Rapids is getting blasted in snow,” he told me, early that January.  “Too much snow for everyone to keep up with.  What do you think about Mrs. Gale?  How do you think she’s ever going to get out of her house with so much snow?  I hope she doesn’t get trapped in there.”  My twelve years were above such simple mind tricks, but I willingly went to our old neighbor’s house and shoveled her stoop.  A real sweet woman, that Mrs. Gale.  She was in her eighties.  She died only a few winters later, but on that day, when I finished clearing the snow, she gave me two quarters!  I nearly passed out from excitement, and when I told my dad what happened, I nearly passed out again!  “You march right back there and give Mrs. Gale her money,” he scolded me.  “Goodwill doesn’t come from a profit, son.”  So I went back sorer than a bruised banana, but Mrs. Gale refused to take back the money.  I felt panicky.  Mrs. Gale must have seen it.  She was always so nice.  She told me that the two quarters were our little secret.  If my father ever asked, she’d deny any incriminating details, and I’d be half a dollar richer.  When I came back home for a second time, a grin wiggling on my lips like a spool of loose thread, he asked, “Why are you so happy?”  I made a fib about being proud for my non-profitable actions of righteousness, and no sooner did I finish did he put on his boots and march right over to Mrs. Gale’s.  Father instructed me to stay put, to not move an inch until he came back.  I didn’t move, but my sweat did.  I was no longer grinning, and when he reentered the kitchen, I had to hold my breath.  “I’m proud to have you as my son,” he shined, and then we hugged, me not shaking my legs for fear of the damning jingle of two coins in my pocket that would condemn me.
Secrets seemed all the more welcoming after that day.  Instead of playing with my pals after school, I’d race home to my trusty orange snow shovel.  I wielded it like a sword, something you could always depend on.  I used it to defeat my dad, lying about how I was running around GR voluntarily shoveling sidewalks and driveways when really I was running and under-the-table gig that raked in nearly three dollars a week.  THREE DOLLARS!  It was hard never to waste it all in one spot, or on one thing, that above all.  If my father found a small collection of newly purchased comics, questions would be asked.  What I mostly bought was candy.  I shared it with all my friends.  I ran the streets, you might say.
Until mid-February, I had been scouting drives and streets all within two miles of my house.  Everyone’s walk was shoveled already, see, and I was faster at working than the clouds were snowing.  It was a Saturday, I think.  No, I know it was a Saturday.  I had made a map in class the day prior.  I traced new routes, new roads and paths to lap around the city.  There were large neighbor hoods just east of us, ones with drive ways much bigger than necessary.  My dad called the east side “snob side,” but I think he was just jealous.  Two cars or not, money was to be made in the east, so on Saturday, after my father left for work, I bundled up in extra layers of clothing and ventured out with only my shovel and an empty pocket of great expectations.
I―
I can’t remember where my dad worked…
But I remember how much money I made!  After nearly a dozen houses, seven hours, and at least ten miles under my feet, I hit it big.  I had four dollars and twelve cents, but they were all in coins anyways, so they were all cents on their own.  But in just one day, I had made just shy of five bucks.  I began walking home―loathing the five miles ahead―and came across one final house.  It had bars on the windows, sharp triangles on the fence.  When I knocked on the door, an older man came out and stared at me funny.  I asked if I could shovel his walk, but he merely grunted and turned away, locking the door behind him.  Don’t ask me why I did what I did next, but for whatever reason, I shoveled his walk.  Maybe out of the good of my heart?  Maybe to make the lies to my father hold some truth?  But anyways, when I finished―and I did a fine job, stellar―the old man came back outside and walked directly to me.  I was confused at first, but then he pulled out a green bill and passed it to me.  A FIVE dollar bill.  He told me that he didn’t ask for it to be shoveled, and that even after I had continued when he grunted proved that there was still hope left in my generation.  I nodded, blushed, and ran.  The richest kid there ever was.  The slickest, too.  Too slick for my own good, perhaps.  As I ran, I decided on a back plan.  I would hide all the coins―mine, I earned them―but I would be open about the five dollar bill.  I’d tell my dad, tell him that I shoveled the man’s drive without being told and was rewarded for my generosity.  My dad would either congratulate me or drive me to the man’s house and give back the money, but either way, I still had a mad sack of coins to sleep on.  Slicker than shit.
But not the brightest, I’m ashamed to admit.  With four miles to go, a black mound of clouds covered the sky in preparation for the storm, the big one, that I had frivolously ignored before deciding to work all day.  I had heard rumors about it in school, when I was making my map on Friday, actually.  Kids were saying school might closed forever, that Antarctica would be second to Michigan, but only kids said this.  It was just another blizzard, but to be caught in it would mean certain defeat, perhaps even death.  Winds picked up, and it wasn’t the breeze that slowed me, it was sand like snow swirling up from the ground digging into my eyes.  After that was the hail, and then came the real wind.  I held up by a tree on the sidewalk.  I wasn’t scared.  That’s what I told myself over and over and over again.  As I clung to the tree, keeping from falling down, I discovered that I hadn’t the faintest clue where I was, or even what direction I was faced.  The coins in my pocket felt heavier than ever before.  They pulled me into the snow―the greed my father was oblivious to―and acted as an ice pack against my leg.  I had half the notion of tossing the coins, but before I could do that, a large black box blocked all the wind from my body.
It was the box of a truck.  Its body shielded me, and when the passenger window rolled down to reveal the driver leaning across the seat, warm relief poured from my ears like pool water trapped longer than a week.
“My gosh!  Kid, you alright?”  The man was in his early thirties, it seemed.  He had very fine, mild lines along his bald head that could be nothing else but experience.  His large, boxy body shape loomed through the truck’s seats like a cloud of smoke and seemed to almost hover.  He was a very tall man.  If he wanted to, he could have just grabbed me through the window.  “Come on!  Get in!  The blizzard’s getting worse!”  I waddled through the still strong blasts of wind to his door as he opened it for me.  I slid in my shovel, then my body.  When the door closed, all sound seemed to stop.  The truck was warm, calm, inviting.  “Are you crazy, Kid?  What were you doing out there?”
He started driving.  I told him my name but then paused to catch my breath.  I had been afraid after all.  My heart rate was lowering significantly.  “Nicholas, eh?  That’s a terrific name.  Beautiful.  I had an uncle Nicky when I was little.  He’d always take me to the movies.”  I half listened, rubbing my hands for friction and staring at the man with his hands on the wheel.  His eyes were lit up, fierce, burning green licking from inside as snow glimmered though the windshield.  I noticed under his jacket that muscles were bulging.  It was as if he were flexing his arms.  “But what in heavens were you thinking, Nick?  You live around here?”  I did, but I didn’t know where.  North, South, East, West, it all looked the same in the blinding white that blew outside.  I told him my address, and then I noticed a large scar on the back of his neck.  It was jagged, like a lightning bolt, and almost looked like a vanilla flavored birthmark.  “That’s ten miles from here!  Were you walking home in that?  You’d never had made it!”  The concern in his voice was sharp, shrill to the point of girly-ness.  It didn’t match his large body type.  It was almost funny.  But ten miles?  Had I really gone that far?  “Nick, I’m going to take you home, but before I can do that, we’re going to need to make a pit stop.  Can’t see more than ten feet ahead my engine.  Weather like this is what causes accidents.”  He was right, so I agreed.  “Hey, Nick, my house is just around the corner.  How about we check in there and wait for this storm to blow over a little bit.  I’ll make you hot chocolate.  How’s that sound?”  It sounded terrific.  “Oh, dear Nick, I don’t think I’ve introduced myself.”  The man held out a warm, almost steaming hand and offered it to me to shake.  He groaned when I touched it.  “I’m Mr. McCarthy, champ, and it’s just so wonderful that we can be friends.”
It came to me as a dream in the truck.  A sudden, airy puff of knowledge.  I knew Mr. McCarthy.  He was the youth pastor for Grand Rapids Eastern Catholic.  I never talked to him before, but I had seen him on several occasions.  On every first Wednesday of the month, all the youth groups of Grand Rapids would meet up and play games after quizzes on verse memorization.  My youth pastor for Western Baptist, Mr. Pl… Mr. Pra…  My youth pastor was friends with loads of people, and McCarthy was one of them.  It had been the storm that kept me from recognizing him.  I was just pleasantly warmed up, remembering the first time I saw that scar on his neck.  I was lucky to have been picked up by such good company, I thought.
“Don’t I know you?” Mr. McCarthy asked.  I told him what I knew.  “Oh!  Yes, I remember you.  You’re in P―’s youth group, down on Franklin.  P―’s a great guy.  Close friend.  It’s people like him you want to be more like.”  Yes, he was.  My father was against the idea of merging (opposing) youth groups, but P― was the reason he changed his mind.  They talked one Sunday afternoon.  I believe my father told him something about birds of feather, to which P― responded with something about the palms of your hands.
“What about that shovel?  Were you digging a hole to China?”  He laughed while asking, and I laughed while answering, but Mr. McCarthy seemed too enthusiastic.  He was acting like a stepdad trying to win over the son he never had.  “Is that the ringing sound I hear in your pocket?  Money?”  I showed him the loot.  “Holy cow!  You’re richer than the three kings!”  I pulled out the five-spot.  His car eased down from ten miles per hour to four.  “What in the world did you do to get that?  You must have had to do something huge!”  He snickered, then patted his chest with a fist.  “I never make money like that, but if I did, I don’t know, I guess I’d put it into the church.  To get, you have to give.”  Everything he said made sense, but he was putting unnecessarily long pauses between his sentences.  Every time he looked at me, his big green eyes gleaming, I felt as if he was speaking in riddle.  “So what, you made almost ten bucks today, right?  Insane!  What are you going to do with that money?”  I had no idea.  “Well, no matter what you do, make sure to save at least half of it.  You’re still a kid right now, but trust me, if you keep saving bits and pieces, you’ll have a fortune when you turn into an adult.  How old are you anyways?”  When I told him, he groaned again, just like when we shook hands.
The blizzard let up.  As McCarthy pulled into his driveway, visibility was raised significantly.  It was still snowing, but the calm was serine.  It made McCarthy’s house pop out from the white gusts as a scenic brick mansion in a calendar.  I awed over his yard.  It was nearly an acre, and that was within city limits.  At the corner of his yard, a brick wall fence blocked up from the floor and cast a light shadow on the street sign.  It read “Franklin,” which meant one of two things.  McCarthy had either lied about being ten miles out, or I was so far from home that a new Franklin street had been erected.  I didn’t give it much thought, though.  McCarthy was talking to me.
“Looks like the storm’s cooling off.  Maybe it’ll stop for a spell.”  I told him I didn’t know.  “You like money, right?”  He slapped his forehead, rolling in his seat like a wobbling bowling pin.  “You’re a boy.  Of course you like money.  How silly of me.”  He turned his broad shoulders my way.  His arms and chest blocked out any sun that could have snuck in through his window.  He waited nearly a minute before talking again.  We just stared at each other, the truck still running, my legs suddenly beginning to sweat.  “How would you like to make a few dollars?”  He rolled the L’s while talking.  He was treating me like a toddler, making goofy kid noises through his excitement.  “I need my driveway and front porch shoveled.  Was going to do it myself, but I saw you by chance, and I saw your orange shovel.”  He cleared his throat without blinking.  “Since the storm’s all stopped, it should be safe for a while.  If it gets bad, you can always just warm up inside and take a break.”  Dollars, he said?  “Oh, I don’t know.  How about five dollars if you can finish in under ten minutes.”  I remember my jaw dropping, and then I remember closing it when McCarthy laughed.  I was shocked about his offer, but not the money.  It would take twenty, no, thirty minutes to shovel all the snow off his walk.  The only way I could possibly do that would be for me to work at inhuman speeds.  But if I did it, I would be rewarded greatly.  This five would slip right into the coins.  Daddy would never have to know about this second five dollar blessing.  I stepped up to the challenge, accepted it, and exited the car.  As I flung the snow, my arms jerking and heaving about furiously, I got one last look at McCarthy before he went inside.  He wiped his running nose and said, “Don’t be afraid to push yourself too hard.  If you get tired or sleepy, just come inside and I’ll take care of you.”  I thought he licked his lips, but I might have imagined that.  Flashbacks become fuzzy when you let them control your life.
So I worked.  Feverously.  My legs became sore minutes in, but I was surprising myself.  I had made it through his drive way in under five, leaving me with the porch and the path to it.  I wasn’t doing the best job, but adequacy is compromised with speed.  As my arms shoved, they too began to tire.  By the time I was on the porch, I could feel fatigue latching my lungs and squeezing them with such a force that I nearly fainted, right there at his door step.  I swerved, rested on one knee, and looked up.  McCarthy was staring at me through the front window, but it was something more than just that.  He was looking at me, yes, and he was even smiling, that too, but there was something in his eyes, something that made my twelve-year-old self chill to the bone and lock like a rusty lunchbox.  His eyes were dull, almost black.  It could have been the glass, maybe a stream of bouncing light, but there was no mistaking that his pupils were thriving, stretched open at remarkable lengths covering all of his green tinted irises, and all of it shown straight through me.  They aimed at my chest, not my face.  It was like he was staring though me, or into me, judging my soul and witnessing all that I have ever done.  His smile flipped.  I bent to rearrange myself, and as I tried to stand, I looked back at an empty window.
He came from the front door with remarkable speed.  His arms were outstretch, bent back like a Venus fly trap’s jaws just before dinner.  “Are you okay?  You look winded.  Let me help you up.”  McCarthy used both of his hands with mine and pulled up.  He kept lifting―he was so tall, you see―and held me up by the hands, my feet swinging two to three inches off the ground.  “Whoa, lighter than I thought,” he laughed, and then set me down.  “You shot up those stairs like a rocket.  I’m shocked you didn’t break the speed of sound.”  I wanted to ask him to stop patronizing me, to stop treating me like such a kid, but I held my tongue.  He was going to pay me five whole dollars, and weird as he may be, he truly seemed like someone I could trust.  The kind of person you’d never think twice about going inside with.  “I already whipped up the hot chocolate.  Come on in.”  His massive arm surrounded me like a tree, then it pulled me to him with its branches.  “Maybe it was a mistake to try and trick you into shoveling it all in ten minutes.”  Trick me?  “Well, I was actually in a hurry to meet P― before this storm came in.  Now that it’s mostly gone, I want to get back as soon as I can, so I wanted to trick you into working extra fast.”  As we neared the open door, an immense batch of warm air swirled to us and sucked us in, pulling us to the fireplace.  “But that’s why I was going to pay you so much.  Good boys deserve good money, Nicholas.”  I set my shovel to the floor as McCarthy turned and slammed the front door shut, keeping all the cold air out and everything else in.
He had an immaculate living room.  Hard wood furniture with padded pillows and blankets of every color sat before a fireplace with roasting logs a spec brighter than the orange of my shovel.  As I neared, still feeling wobbly from the shoveling, I saw his radio.  It had rounded edges that rolled into a glossy black bright enough to make you blink.  Its dials were ivory, and between them was a clock, ticking each second with the dry snaps of timber burning with the fireplace.
“Go ahead and turn it on, sport.”  I frowned at this new nickname, but I didn’t let him see it.  I did as instructed.  Smooth jazz filled the room.  “I always leave it on this station.  Has the best music ever.”  I sat on the chair closest to the fire.  The chair was low, and I let the fire’s flames calm me with the music, piano dissolving into sax, rainsticks rotating on end.  I was veering towards a cat nap.  I shook my head and found McCarthy at my side, my head just above the height of his belt in the tiny seat.  I looked at his face.  He was sweating.  “Let me get that hot chocolate,” he whispered through his teeth.
Alone, my brain swam through warm jazz as I looked at the walls.  Pictures, tons of pictures.  All were black and white and framed with wood that appeared to be hand cut.  The photos were of family members and past church events, one being the Halloween pumpkin toss.  McCarthy, surrounded by his students of that year, held a fourth place ribbon and wore a monstrous grin in the center of the team hug.  The living room cut into the dining room.  That room was much simpler, much more vacant.  It had a table for two, a cabinet of old plates, and nothing more.  That room led into a turn for the kitchen, but I couldn’t get a good look.  McCarthy was blocking the way, walking straight to me.
“Hope you like marshmallows,” he bellowed, almost spilling a few drops on himself.  He handed me a mug with a cow on it.  The cow’s only black spot was in the shape of a cross.  The phrase HOLY COW ran beneath it.  I couldn’t help but chuckle.  “My dad made that for me.  Back when I was just a little sprout like you.  Must’ve been eight or nine.”  I was twelve-years-old.  “Oh, of course.  Sorry about that.  Forgetful me!”  His cup was green.  It matched his eyes, or would have anyways if his pupils weren’t so big.  He looked bug-eyed, like an alien almost.  And when he drank, his face became hot and flustered.  I wouldn’t have been surprised if steam came from his ears.  “Whoa!  Too hot!  I’m like a pumpkin over here!  I’m going to burst!”  It seemed like the perfect description.  He had taken off his jacket since returning from the kitchen and put a white tank top in its place.  His arms were bigger than ever, and the round shape of his chest―it bouncing whole as one unit with each laugh―plus the bulging veins on his neck would not say otherwise on that bursting part.  It was like McCarthy was expanding, getting closer, growing sweatier.  “Aren’t you hot in that jacket, Nick?”  I was.  “Don’t be afraid to take it off.  I took mine off the instant I got in.  This fire’s too hot some nights if you ask me.”  He took another, longer sip of his hot chocolate.  I was staring at the fire, but I could feel his eyes burning into my back.  “Not thirsty?” he asked, his voice now remarkably lower.  I sipped from the side with the cow on it.  It tasted strangely sour.  “I love coco, don’t you?”  McCarthy began swallowing large gulps of hot chocolate.  I watched his neck and the veins on it pulsate.  He shed one pain-filled tear for each eye as he slammed it and dropped the empty cup to his side, but he smiled, enjoyed every second of it.  It was like…  It was like he wanted to burn his throat, as if he wanted to feel the sting of it pouring down like a sour chocolate river from Hell.  But maybe only my cup was sour.  Maybe his tasted sweet, untainted.  “I drank all mine.  Now it’s your turn.”  Uneasy vibes were filling the room, making it much hotter than it should.  I said I was no longer thirsty.  “Well then take your jacket off.”  I did as instructed.
Something was happening to my legs.  If felt like millions of ants were digging into my pores, searching for the queen.  The tingling sensation tightened, and next it felt like the bones in my legs were ropes, the ends at my foot and pelvis being pulled far past their limits.  My legs must have been asleep.  I had plowed more than a grown man’s share of snow that day, and after McCarthy speed demon session, there was no doubt that my lack stamina was on me and my lying goodwill.  But why did it hurt so much?  My legs had fallen asleep before.  It never felt like this.
I started crying.  Through the panic and unease rattling my brain, I knew at once my hair was also asleep.  It was tingling as well, but softer.  HARDER!  Softer.  HARDER!  I wondered if my hair was going to be pulled out and felt a snake slithering along my scalp.  It went to my eye and butted against it like a lifeless sausage link.  It was not a snake.  It was McCarthy’s middle finger.  One of my tears was hanging from the nail.  He brought it to his mouth and licked as if it were frosting.  He then sucked the finger while stroking my hair with his free hand.
He was going to say something.  He was going to open his mouth, yell, scream, shout, curse.  He was going to make up more lies.  He was going to deceive me even further.
But he didn’t.  He simply stood, petting me, eating my tears, wearing that fiendish grin so many others trusted.
At one point I remember thinking that I was dead, that he had killed me and I was floating away to heaven, but this was just a stress-filled wish that came from optimism as he lifted me inches from the seat by the roots of my hair.  I let out a sharp cry and searched for an escape.  I saw the fire and wished to be inside it.  I would have rather been in Hell.
Something inside the living room clicked.  It sounded like a hinge breaking, a lock opening.  McCarthy dropped me and ran to the front door.  I didn’t know what was happening until he was already back.
“Could’a sworn I heard someone coming in.”  He let out a dark, menacing sigh of relief.  He stood ten feet from me, but I could still smell his breath.  It smelt like burned flesh, maybe from his hot chocolate.  “Whew!  That would have been bad, right?”  I was lying on the ground like a baker’s unwanted pretzel.  My arms were crossed, my legs asleep.  I was what all children are to predators: vulnerable.  His arms opened, just like on the porch, but he wasn’t going to lift me up this time.  His knees bent and his back curved.  He came to me like a confused football player, or maybe a disgruntled wrestler.  “C’mere Nicky.  Give Mr. McCarthy a big ol’ hug.”  He shuffled forward, and now I saw something I had I missed before.  He was shirtless.
As his foot brushed against mine, the click came back louder and echoed.  We stared at the door, each other, and then the gloss radio as it clicked one last time before the announcer came on.
The voice on the radio was stern yet apologetic.  The woman who normally introduced record labels and song titles was practically stuttering.  What she was reading to us was unrehearsed and irrevocably thematic.  It was like she was speaking to me, directly.  She was in the room with us, she was looking at me, at McCarthy, and she was crying, there was no mistaking that.
She announced the name Timothy Baily, told us of his age (seven), and reported that her interruption was brought on by an amber alert.  Little Timmy had last been seen sledding with friends four hours ago.  His parents were in shambles, and if anyone knew anything, anything at all, they should report to the police immediately.
The radio clicked.  Timothy and any remaining time for stalling vanished into the floorboards.  The radio clicked again.  A sad trombone stretched out with notes all flat.  It didn’t even sound like an instrument.  It sounded like a dying child; children.  One named Timothy, another called Nicholas.
My neck rocked back.  I could feel every bone in my spine click like shuffling cards.  Two pair.  I lose.
But McCarthy just stood.  He blinked maybe twice, then started scratching his armpits.  The skin on his chest wobbled.  He hugged himself, placing both palms on his nipples, and finally came down to my level.  I watched as a cat in the grass hoping the predator next to me wouldn’t bite.  I wasn’t hiding―no grass―but when he lied next to me on his side and propped his head with an elbow, his eyes belonged to only the fire.  The flames flickering in his pupils―only his pupils―danced without rest.  I had to look away.  I placed my head flat on the floorboards and closed my eyes.  Surreal was the word that best describes that moment.  It felt more than ever like a dream.  I believed, truly believed, that if I kept my eyes shut and remained motionless that the monster, the boogie man, the youth pastor, would completely forget I was here.  He’d go to the kitchen, maybe to drink some boiling water, and the instant I’d hear that kettle, I’d spring from my nest and fly out the front door.  I’d find my way home, however many miles, even with sleeping legs!  I’d do it!  I really would!
But if he chased me, followed me out that door…
I awoke from my dream of escape and reentered the nightmare of McCarthy’s lair.  He was still looking at the fire, but his left arm―the one not holding up his head―was rubbing my shoulder.  I felt like a dog.
“Isn’t that awful?” he asked me.  I could do nothing more than shake as he patted me.  “I wonder what’s happening to that little guy right now?  I hope he’s not lost.”  His hand clamped down, pinching my skin as if I had been caught between two closing doors.  “But no matter what, I think Timmy’s scared.  I bet he’s probably screaming.  Right now even.”  This made McCarthy flash a toothy grin, and this time he did lick his lips.  No mistaking it this time.  I thought back to the three little pigs, and then I thought of the big bad wolf.  “But until they find him, no one will ever know what really happened.  They can guess all they want, but they’ll never know.  They’ll never find out.  Never, unless…”  The respected youth pastor sat up.  Flakes of wood and dust had collected on his back where the sweat and skin were stickiest.  It looked like someone dropped a slice of cheese pizza in the dirt.  “There are some bad, bad bad bad people in this world, Nick.  Did you know that?”  My head was rattling.  He mistook it for a response.  “Well there are, Nick.  You’ve got to be careful.  You can’t just trust anyone.  You never know what kind of secrets people hold.”  He grimaced.  “Everyone has secrets.  Everyone keeps secrets.  Why, even you have secrets too, I bet.”  Something slid into my pants.  It was his hand.  He reached into my pocket and pulled out a fist full of nickels and dimes.  “Look at all this money!  How many people know you have this much?  If you’re smart, no one, not even your parents.”  The loose change spilled through his thick fingers like sand.  Over their jingling, McCarthy whispered, “Especially your parents.”
A penny bounced from the pile of coins and rolled into me.  Its metal touch was that of a railway.  It took all of my breath, and when I came back up gasping, I found my voice.  It was confused and hurt.  It didn’t sound like me at all.  If I had to give the voice a name, it would be Timothy.
I attempted to ask a question.  I didn’t know what to say, what to do…  I didn’t know anything.  The words that spilled from my lips were slurred and arranged by a toddler.  My voice cracked into silence as I kept trying.
“There are people out there, Nick, that want to do awful awful things to you. Things we don’t talk about with other people.  You know the kind I mean?”  I didn’t want to, but my imagination was running rampant.  My tongue snapped behind my teeth, and in that instant, I steamed enough energy to ask if he was going to kill me.  “Kill you?” he choked, throwing false surprise like wedding rice.  “Son, what do you really think happened to that Timmy kid?  Do you think someone gobbled him up just to kill him?  Really?”  I didn’t like how he used that word, gobble.  He had revved his hands when saying it, loosely shaking them as if he was stuffing his face.  “So maybe he’s dead.  Maybe someone picked him up on the side of the road and took him home,” he chanted.  “Or, maybe not.  Maybe he’s just lost?  Maybe he’s at a friend’s house?  He could have walked out on thin ice.  It happens a lot in Michigan.”  McCarthy stood up.  He stretched in what looked like a madman’s yoga stance and plopped down on his pillow padded bench.  The couch was too long and narrow for one man, but his muscles streamed along the edges as if it were a custom built throne for the King of Kids.  He must have heard me think this because he sifted to the side and began tapping the pillow beside him.  “Come,” he ordered.
I was dead.  I felt it in both heart and soul.  That is why I stood.  There can be no other explanation.  I watched my body stand from above the room, beside the fireplace.  It went from fist to knees to feet, tipped back, and began trudging to its master’s voice.  The body inched, and when it arrived to the bench, it remained walking, the knees whacking the wood.  I was under his trance.  His spell.  Those pitch-black snake eyes where rolling in my gut and pulling me to him as magnets.  My body locked in idle, causing McCarthy to slowly swing his hand to my neck.  He chuckled like a disciplining father and pulled me in with the strength of a gentle bear.  We leaned into one another as if on a loveseat.  His left arm wrapped all the way around me and slid down my side to my knees, swinging while they kept trying to walk.
“Timothy didn’t get lost in the snow,” he hummed.  I asked how he could be so certain, but he only hugged me tighter against his waist, his smile growing.  “There’s a bunch of sick men out there, Nick.  Sick men all over.  Even in Grand Rapids.”  The hand on my knees elevated to my belly and pressed gently like an iron.  It began sliding loosely as if on ice.  “They want to do inappropriate things to you.  They want to touch your pee-pee and get it extra dirty by doing extra dirty things.”  The hand lifted and seized.  His arm shook with mild electricity and McCarthy began grunting.  He sounded like an athlete who had just lifted twice his weight.  He leaned back on the couch and spread out to form an X shape with his arms and legs.  He looked winded, but he breathed with such remarkable satisfaction.  The air slipping past his teeth almost whistled as if to second his pleasures.  McCarthy moved only his eyes to me and asked if I knew what sex was.  I was speechless.  “Sex is when you put your pee-pee somewhere nice and warm and let it get wet.  That’s all it is, really.  At the end of the night, it doesn’t matter if you got kissed or hugged or even slapped.  It’s all about getting your dick wet.  Pee-pee.  Getting your pee-pee wet.”  His eyebrows lifted.  “Yours ever been wet?”  I had wet the bed once.  My father asked me if I had to go potty while tucking me in, and my response was to piss a pond into the blanket from beneath and jokingly say ‘Not anymore!’  I had also taken countless showers in water that was nice and warm.  I had even been swimming in Lake Michigan, and the water was warm there, too.  It appeared that my pee-pee had been wet on multiple occasions, so I whispered it had.  McCarthy sprang from his X and balanced his head in his palms as his elbows struggled against his leg’s wobbly skin.  “Really?  You’ve been wet before?”  His voice was rasp and shaken.  I thought he was mad at me, so this time I shouted.  “What’s your dad’s name, Nick?  I might know him and not even realize it.”  I froze in his eyes, those rocks of coal, and McCarthy only sighed.
A new type of music was stemming from the radio.  I heard a flute and a xylophone―a strange combination, but I remember it like always, even now―and then a break into piano with a steady rhythm of clicks coming from drumsticks.  It seemed like saloon music, the kind that breaks out when women dance on tables and men throw beer bottles.
“Sex is a funny thing, Nick.  You can do it anywhere with anyone, anyone, but there’s one gal-blasted word that keeps sex from being the bee’s knees.  You’re probably too young to know it, so I’ll just teach you.”  McCarthy oozed off the couch like muscular slime and walked on his knees.  When he was in front of me, he placed his palms on my kneecaps is if they were shifters for a car.  “Consent.  It means both people want sex.  Without consent, all that’s left is rape, and if you ever rape someone, you need to make sure they never talk about it.  But you can’t go around trusting your life in the hands of a rape victim.  You’d never make it.  They’d just blab afterwards, even if it takes them years to amount the courage.  So, when you rape someone, the goal is not to make sure they don’t talk about it, but to make sure they never talk period.  Know what I mean?”  His palms tightened, loosened, rubbed my legs like a child polishing a snowsled, tightened.  “Of course you do.  You’re a smart boy, Nick.  A good boy.  You’ve been wet before.  Said it yourself.”  McCarthy’s head lowered to his palms, between my kneecaps.  He looked up to me with flaring nostrils that seemed they would rip off if only he sneezed.  “Men rape twelve-year-old boys like you all the time in Michigan and that makes me sad.  They especially rape seven-year-olds.  Does it make you sad?”  It made me feel like a stone.  I remained stiff as he pinched his head with my knees and smelled my pants.  I remember comparing this particular scenario to a nutcracker, McCarthy’s head the evil walnut that just wouldn’t crack.  “Ooohhhh,” he groaned.  “Oh how sad that makes me.”  The head whipped up and lunged my way.  Our noses were almost touching.  “People put little boy’s penises in their mouth and bite with their teeth until it pops off, POP, just like a baby carrot.  Other people like to place things, big long things, where they normally shouldn’t go.  They push them all the way in.  So far you can taste it.”  He melted in front of me.  His body rested on my lap while his head hung by my side.  He bit the pillow I was sitting on until his face turned red.  When done, he resumed his place by my knees.  “But that’s all bad stuff.  That’s all rape.  The kids there didn’t give their consent.  Boys who don’t give consent are the ones who get raped, simple as that.”  The room was swirling.  My brain was on fire.  “You know I’d never rape you, Nick.  I’d never do those horrible things to you.  You can trust me.  Watch.”  His mouth opened and the outspread lips dove to my right knee, giving it a sloppy kiss.  “I’d never hurt you,” he kissed.  “See?  I love you.”  He worked his way to my other knee.  “And you don’t have to be scared, Nick.  Never be scared.  I’ll never ever rape you.  Do you know how I know?”  I didn’t.  “It’s because you trust me, because I know you’ll give consent.”  I didn’t trust him!  I didn’t trust him!  “Why, sure you do.  Why else did you hop into my car?  If you didn’t trust me, then how’d you get here, in my house?  Shoot!  Everyone trusts me!  I can do no wrong!”  His laughter howled like a hyena feasting on veal.  “So let me ask again, this time officially.  Nick, do you trust me?  Do you give me your consent?”  McCarthy was on pins and needles.  He rocked on his knees and looked pleadingly into my eyes as an alley cat begging for a thin slice of chicken meat.  I coughed before trying to speak, and when I tried I coughed.  The pleading cat now looked like a starving lion.  “Nick, I don’t want to get mad or anything of that nature, so when I ask you again, you’re going to answer, and this time without coughing, got it?”  I could feel tears streaming, but I refused to blink.  If I did, anything could happen.  The ravenous lion placed its claws on my shoulders and stood on its back paws.  “Nick, please,” McCarthy whispered.  His eyes were glazed in emotions, all confused and scattering, but his voice locked in low keys of sympathy.  “Nick, I’m asking you as a friend.  The last thing I want to do is rape you.  The absolute last thing in the world.  But without your consent, that’s all I can do, and I would never want to rape someone as handsome as you are, Nick.  I only want to have sex, no rape, just sex.  Just some nice clean good old fashioned sex.  There doesn’t have to be blood.  I’ll be careful.  I promise.”  As children played in their living rooms, as parents cooked and prepped for supper, as my dad slaved away at work to feed and nurture, myself and many other unfortunate children at that precise moment battled conflicts of such immaculate internal proportions that it would be foolish to label them as anything other than scarring.  “Please, Nick,” he cried, “don’t make me rape you.”
What was I to do?  What could I possibly say?  The frozen corpse-to-be was far beyond speech or thought.  I merely watched my life pan out as a grisly movie scene without commercial break, and while the lion’s sympathy vanished―he was squinting―his claws dug deeper into my skin.  He wouldn’t be begging for much longer.
“Son, I’m starting to think you lied to me.”  He growled.  It would have been playful otherwise, if at an Easter egg hunt for instance.  The head on his shoulders shook with dissatisfaction.  “I don’t think your dick’s ever been wet, and I don’t like liars.  You know who else doesn’t like liars?  GOD.  If you lie to me, you lie to God, and liars go to Hell.”  The faults in his logic were crazy, but I listened intently using every word and second it brought as another excuse to live in agony that much longer.  “I know you’re no liar.  You go to church.  So answer me this, Nick, and don’t you dare lie.”  His arms rose from my shoulders.  Pinches of pain rippled through out my existence.  There would be bruises larger than baseball gloves if I lived.  “All boys love money.  You yourself were walking around my part of town searching for money with that orange shovel of yours.  You made good money, too.  You also shoveled my driveway and the whole walk to my porch.  A boy like you deserves lots of money.  You still want the five dollars I owe you, right?”  Easy first question.  I nodded my head.  “Right.  That’s what I thought.”  He hoisted over the arm of the pillowed bench and carelessly stomped around his keep.  As McCarthy wandered into the kitchen, a message trailed from his dissolving voice in the dining room.  “I’ll be right back.  I got a gift for you.”  I heard whistling.  I write this as a dying man with nothing to lose, but I swear on anything left worthwhile inside my heart that he was whistling, and in my dreams, in those darkened coldhearted dreams, I hear him.  He was whistling, “Jesus Loves the Little Children,” the clanking of knives and various silverware slipping through his fingers while he sang.
If I had been watching a movie, this was where it ended.  The light chimes of happy air were like a siren’s call, promising a wealth beyond comprehension.  But five-hundred pennies wasn’t enough to keep me rooted.  I arose from the bench and watched the room spin on end.  I didn’t black out, but when I opened my eyes, I was at the front door violently shaking the knob.  It turned like mad, but the door was never going to open.  At the top, far past my twelve-year-old reach, a golden bolt clung the door and kept it locked to the wall.  I tried again, this time watching the bolt.  Not an inch.
“What are you doing?”  I spun and nearly twisted my wrist out of socket.  McCarthy plodded to me.  I remember being too scared to think, but there is one thought that came from that moment, and it was gratitude.  His pants were still on, you see.  The worst was yet to come.  Smooth sailing until then, I prayed.  “I asked you a question, and you know what the Devil does to liars.  Tell me.”  I wanted to go home.  I wanted to go home.  “Is that it?” he said.  “Nick, you know I can’t let you do that.  That’s never going to happen.  I thought you were smarter than that.”  Please!  Please!  “Nick,” he sighed, “why would I ever let you leave in the middle of a snow storm?  You’d freeze to death.  You didn’t even bother to put on your jacket.”  I hazed to the porch window.  He was right.  The blizzard was back.  I couldn’t see past the driveway.  It was certain death to be caught outside, just as it was certain death to be caught by McCarthy.
He twirled me around.  “This is for being so helpful and handsome .”  A five dollar bill lied crisp and unnerving in the sweaty man’s palm.  “Take the cash, boy.  You take it and you keep it, and no matter what I do to you, the five dollars is yours forever.”  I stared into the president on the paper.  (Washington?)  It fluttered as McCarthy’s hand trembled in anger.  He barked, “All, boys, love, money.”  When I still did not take the bill, he gave one last warning.  “Boy, you take the money right now or I’ll wear your body like a new suit.”  When I snatched it and hid it in my fist, shame showered my soul.  I was happy he was no longer angry.  I was glad I took the money.  “Now, time for some fun.”  His other hand possessed a blue rag.  As he swirled it like a flag and rubbed it on my chest, I saw it was instead a pair of swimming trunks.  “I was friends with a little guy just like you, once.  It was a long time ago.  I must’ve been twenty.  He loved these shorts like no one’s business.”  He stared into the swimming trunks, hoping to see a treasure chest float up from the blue, and then he saw my face.  “I think he’d want you to wear them.  It’s a shame they go to waste…”  I grabbed the shorts with my other fist.  It felt damp.  “If you walk past that little hallway with the bird clock,” he said, pointing past the cut to the dining room, “the bathroom will be on your right.  You have five minutes.  Don’t make me wait.”  I gave the porch one final stare.  If I was exposed to the blizzard in swimming trunks, I’d―  “Nick?”  I turned and walked to the fireplace.  I searched it for tender warmth of any kind but remained chilled like ice.  My smile fleeted when I passed.  It was the last time I ever saw that fireplace again.  “All boys love money,” McCarthy bragged, talking down to an invisible audience of younger, learning pedophiles.  “All boys love money.”
It was a thin hallway.  I remember thinking (how? how? how?) about the walls and how I could so easily climb them but also about how easy it would be for McCarthy to grab me as I waited at head level trying to dig into the ceiling.  He would have his way, do the dirty things that made his face blush.  I was in McCarthy’s lair, and there was no escaping that horrid fact.
A staircase just as narrow as the hallway sliced up for the second floor beside a wooden door that could only be a bedroom.  I went for the other door, the one with a yellow moon painted on it, and entered the bathroom.
The air inside that particular bathroom was putrid to the point of vile, but the sink remained marble, the toilet pearl white, and tiles by my boots squeaky clean and reflective.  It wasn’t the smell of the air, no, it was the taste.  Dry, stale, makes your lungs dusty and feeling sharp like you’re rolling in asbestos.  This was probably because the room had no windows.  No windows.  None.
HE SENT ME TO A BATHROOM THE SIZE OF A BIRD CAGE WITH NO WINDOWS!!
McCarthy wasn’t really laughing, but I still heard him in my head.
“Foolish little boy!” the voice giggled.  “You thought you were safe!  You thought you there was going to be a window for you to escape through!”  The voiced seemingly blanketed my head and soon I was in the fetal position.  I hugged the blue swimming trunks just before tossing them in a freak sting of panic.  “McCarthy knew what you were thinking.  He knew you were going to try and escape.  He knows everything.  He’s friends with God!”  He was a youth pastor.  His name was Mr. McCarthy.  He was best pals with my pastor.  Dozens of adults love him; hundreds of kids.  “You can trust him,” the voice murmured.  “You have to trust him.”  I didn’t want to, but―
“Nicky?”  My name sounded alien.  I couldn’t even be certain it was said.  Then McCarthy cried out again.  “Nicky, what’re you doing?  You’re not being clever in there, are you?”  My balled fists slammed the tiles.  Time was up.  I’d exit only to be… He’d do things.  He’d do dirty things.  The dirtiest, most foul and disturbing things a grown man can imagine happening to their child.
But it happens.  It happens every day.
How many children in America?
How many children in Michigan?
In Grand Rapids?
Right now?
“Nick!” he roared, and this time I felt his voice resonate through the tiles.  The door even creaked.  I picked up the swimming trunks and began sliding them over my boots.  They tangled in knots and laced with my feet.  It was more than five sizes too small.  “Nicky, I’m counting to three!  Christ help me if I get in there, Nicky, ‘cause I won’t be able to control myself!”  With swimming trunks that small, they’d rip off if I so much as walked funny.  But they were going to get ripped off regardless.  I didn’t know this as fact, but I felt it in my heart.  No matter what McCarthy said, I was still smart, or at least smart enough to know when to give up.  “ONE!”  Mr. McCarthy, I don’t want to.  That’s what I’d say.  Mr. McCarthy, you can take these swimming trunks back and keep your filthy money!  I’d throw the trunks on the floor, then throw the bill in the fire.  Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to walk home, thank you very much.  After that I’d walk home, tell my father everything, call the police, and then finally be able to drink some real hot chocolate.  It was a simple plan, but it was all I had.  It had to work.  “TWO!  I’M AT FUCKING TWO, NICKY!”  It had to.
I walked out in two firm steps and held my eyes to the floor.  I had left the swimming trunks in the bathroom.  My plan was already falling apart.
Then I heard it.
The wet playful snapping sound of a towel in a boy’s locker room shattered the words of my arranged speech into an unwanted garble of stuttering.  The snap was so out of place, so unnatural.  It was like hearing the bell ring for school at a campground on summer break.  It just didn’t belong.  It made my skin crawl.
I looked up.
McCarthy was standing in front of his couch.  He had just stood up, actually, and that was where the wet snapping came from.  The elastic pink undies he was wearing sucked into his gut and lapped against his skin while he struggled to breathe in the garment meant strictly for little girls.  The undies were tearing in the middle.  Something elongated and monstrous was forcing itself out from the pyramid shape at the center with throbbing zeal.  Whatever it was wanted out just as badly as I did.  “Nicky?”  His naked torso wrapped around his neck, and just above the veins―thick as pencils―was his face.  Anger and embarrassment meshed with rosy vigor on his cheeks, matching his eyes.  They reflected the fireplace’s glow, and in those black pools only Hell existed.  The flames wiggled, nervously, confused.  “Why aren’t you wearing your swimming trunks?”  His question shook the house as a giant’s.  I trembled, and then my eyes bounced to his arm, the one holding the knife.  It dripped steaming water as if crying.  There were even soap suds on McCarthy’s hand, the only part of his body that wasn’t blush red; it was a cube of sugar, and it clung to that butcher knife with the strength of a gorilla.
McCarthy ran to me.
In all that could have been two seconds, I spun against the wall, smearing my nose, and jumped for the staircase.  I landed on the first step and began ascending as if on a ladder.  I crawled on all fours, screaming.  Halfway up, McCarthy shook the house.
“NICHOLAS!  NICHOLAASS!!”
I leapt for the top rung and rolled into a somersault.  Disheartening cracks followed close behind as McCarthy climbed three steps at a time, slamming all his weight.  I scurried to my feet.  He staggered with the drunken anger of love-struck teen and leapt to me with the knife held above his head.  I skidded as reflex and landed on my bottom.  I watched what happened next as a child in front of a television, my legs in a V, my palms holding my back up from behind.  McCarthy’s jump was not successful.  I should have died right then and there, but the tips of his colossal feet swiped the final step and slammed him down relentlessly.  A muffled snap bubbled from his spine with the stretching coo of his pink panties.  “Fucking shit!” he screamed, and using the knife, he slit the undies.  They shot off as if held by rubber bands and McCarthy didn’t notice the gash he gave himself, more than an inch deep.  He arose naked.  “Come here!”
The hall we were in was easily three times larger than the downstairs one.  It possessed six separate doors with an Egyptian type rug holding them together in the middle.  But McCarthy wasn’t going to let me choose a door.  First come, first serve.
Using my palms, I slid backwards on the rug.  I would be brushing against the wall shortly.  McCarthy would have his way, and that knife of his would cry red, but this didn’t happen.  I kept sliding back, further and further.  When would it stop?  I kept pushing as McCarthy narrowed in closer and closer, and when he readied for his second jump―oh how this predator loved to pounce―I swiped up and slammed shut the door idling by my left leg.  He bashed into it and the hinges squeaked, giving me just enough time to latch the chain lock.  I was in another bathroom.
The door opened.
But not all the way.  Only an inch or so.  The golden chain locked it in place, but McCarthy’s fingers and nose bleed wiggled in the empty patch of doorway and shook, spraying the white walls in dots of red.
“Open this door!  Open this fucking door!  NICHOLAS!!  NOW!!”
McCarthy’s body and all the pounds of evil within slammed against the wooden door.  I watched the golden chain whimper with each blow, slowly loosening, breaking.  He went on, and next to go were the hinges.  The bottom hinge had been assembled poorly―or intentionally―with nails that poked out and fell with McCarthy’s wrath.  If McCarthy didn’t give leeway, the hinge would fly off just like his pink underwear, and then he would be able to crawl in, the top hinge and the chain keeping the door held like a dog door.
But something worse happened instead.  The butcher knife slid in through the ajar door’s crack and slammed down on the chain.  It bounced gracefully, almost detached, and then the knife sliced again.  If the recoil didn’t bounce the chain out of place, the blade would simply slice it in two.  All this, and McCarthy was still slamming into the door.  He wanted me, I was his property now, and he was going to get inside that bathroom with me no matter what.
Silence graced the building for a fraction of time while we both caught up with our overworked lungs.  It was broken by laughter, then by whistling.  The knife slid in again, but this time, instead of stabbing the chain, it began slicing.  In that bathroom I saw only McCarthy’s menacing shadow seeping through crack and that butcher knife grinding away as if sawing a log.  He kept whistling, but he sputtered his air.  We were both already so tired.
A link on the chain cracked but held in place like tightly wound thread.  The knife went deeper into the chain, slicing at the sound it heard.
“Someone’s been bbaaaad,” his voice slithered through the cracks.  “Nicholas has been very very naughty.”  The knife sliced faster, matching his nerve strung words.  “I’m coming in now!  You have this coming, Nicky.  You think you’ve been wet before?  Just you wait, Lil’ Nick.  Just you―FUCK!”
McCarthy had become what he accused every little boy of being before he had his way with them: careless.  The knife was working, it actually cut through the chain and would have gone all the way if he committed rather than buttering it up with verbal foreplay.  I had seen the knife, yes, and it was nearing completion, but then I saw the basin and the razor resting on it, so I grabbed it and stabbed the knife.  I hadn’t harmed him, only disarmed and infuriated him further into his madness when the knife slipped from his hands like soap and shot into the bathroom.  When it clanged on the tiled floor, I pissed my pants.
“Oh no you don’t!  Don’t you dare!”
With the chain half broke, McCarthy was very easily able to force his arm into the room.  It flexed and shook in all directions while feeling for me.  I only stood urinating as the hand whipped stale air into my face.
“Easy, easy, easy.”  McCarthy’s arm was limp.  “Come on, now.  You got this.  Baby carrots.  Baby carrots.”  His arm snapped back to life and flung for the chain and where it connected to the door.  The fingers splayed up and down, grabbed where it was grounded, and lifted.  The door began to open.
But I stabbed him!  I stabbed that heartless demon right in the arm with his own knife!
The door shoved open and I went toppling into the tub.  My legs kicked in the air, and in the confusion of arrangement, I slit my knuckles on the knife.  The blood shot out in a mist, but I had no time to look.  I fell out of the tub―the knife left inside―and ran back to the door.
McCarthy was in the middle of the hall.  I had stabbed into his bicep, and when he pulled back in reflex, the blade sliced along his arm like a red marker.  The cut crawled up to his wrist.  His other hand clenched the wrist as liquid streamed through the fingers.  He saw me.
I slammed the door once more and pressed the chain.  I managed this time, but my luck was running out.  If I had been slower, if I had made sure the knife in the tub didn’t cut my knuckles, McCarthy would have been in the bathroom with me, and I would have never lived to thirteen.
But he was going to enter the bathroom, that I can never forget.  It would happen in under three minutes.  He’d enter laughing, howling, and then…
But before he got in, he resumed slamming the door, this time cursing up a storm of words I had yet to hear and no longer want to remember.  They were unique insults, ones catered to my age and his wants.  I had been praying on the inside of that bathroom to better block out his words, for I knew the inevitable.  I was a smart twelve-year-old boy.  Not smart enough to stop praying and look for help of any sort, but smart enough to know when you’re too deep in the fire to return.
I’m not going to write those insults here.  Even now, even after all that I have been through; the horrors of words spewing from behind his lips as he steadily broke down that door…  If I write what he said, what I remember, I would have to burn this.  Words are only words, but when you write them, when you hear the voice of Death laugh manically in your head as you recreate your worst nightmare…
It was the bottom hinge.  Not the chain, the hinge.  It blasted like dynamite under his strength and ricocheted off the floor.  Momentary silence, and then, just like I imagined, he flopped to his belly and began pushing the bottom half of the door.  He peeked in, backed, and then the muzzle of a werewolf jolted inside the bathroom and thrashed.  He was inside partly―only his head and shoulder blades―and he bounced relentlessly as he tried to free himself from the bear trap that was the door.  His gut prevented him from sliding all the way in, but his strength―he pushed with his head, and on the other side of the door, he pushed with his hands that could only have been at his waist.  As he lifted, he flashed a toothy grin my way and made the top hinge cough an eerie creak.  When he came back down to the floor, he lapped up the blood on the tiles.  Most of it was from his nose, but when he got to my little stain, the one I bled from the tub, he snorted like a pig.  Again McCarthy lifted.  The top hinge cried out in pain but would not budge.  His smile waned, formed an O, and then goosebumps covered his bald head like grains of rice.  He stared at me, the tub, and then he scuttled backwards like a turtle crawling back into his shell.
What had he seen?
I scanned the tub and saw the knife staring back up at me.  No way could he have seen the inside of the tub from the ground.  Past the tub were more tiles and finally the toilet, sitting by a small broom closet.
Not a broom closet!
The door was slit open, and behind the frame I saw a thin slice of a master bedroom.  The bathroom and bedroom were connected!
The entire house bounced as McCarthy lapped around the second floor, sprinting his way through the master bedroom to my hiding spot.  He roared magnificently, like a lion, and boomed closer with each thunderous step.
The door had no locks.
I screamed in a high-pitched waver of pure terror and began flailing around the room like a chicken.  When my hands met the basin, they threw themselves into the mirror above and became showered in glass.  I was in a sadistic holiday themed snowglobe that rained glass shards, but then the rain lifted and I saw its contents.  The medicine cabinet held a library of cologne, most violet, crimson and black.  I didn’t bother to read the labels.  Instead, I manically thrashed them from my sight.  They fell like fighter bombs and sent explosions of fragrances in nauseating numbers.  As McCarthy entered―roaring in spurts of insane laughter―I saw that one of the bottles hadn’t broken.  It was a red bottle shaped like a strawberry with a green leaf cap.  It also wasn’t cologne, it was perfume.  All the bottles were perfume.
He rocketed in and angled his body for the final grab but his bare feet slid on the perfume soaked tiles with enough inertia to throw him into the wall before rolling in the glass.  He landed on the strawberry with his cut arm and the bottle blew up, making his arm scaly and red like the devil he was.
Words foamed in his anger as he tried to stand, but his temperament combined with the oil slick kept him flopping like a fish.
“You’re dead!  You’re fucking dead!  I’ll eat you!  I’ll gobble you up like a worm!”
His thoughts scrambled my mind into a randomly assorted collection of ideas, and one of them was to unchain the broken bathroom door.  I spun and tried, but the weight of the door was pushing back because of the broken hinge.  The chain kept all slack firm and hidden, and I could not undo the lock.
“Mine!  MINE!”  He slid to me like a slug on butter, collecting a tray of glass along his chest.  I saw this and never unsaw it.  He’s always still sliding, getting closer, closer…
Instead of pushing, I pulled.  The bottom of the door leaned and I darted through the gap that McCarthy was too big to pass.  I was out like a puppy, and I had left a rabid adult pitbull behind.  Again with the head and shoulders, McCarthy poked out and flared at me.
“Get back here!  You’re nothing!  God hates you!  You’re pathetic Nicky, pathetic!”  I back-stepped.  The staircase was on my heels, but what waited me down there?  A door with a bolt out of my reach.  There were windows, but the blizzard―and what would happen if I didn’t fit through a window before he followed me to it?  “I’m coming!  I’m coming!”  Rattling glass clanked inside the bathroom as McCarthy jerked around.  He was panting unlike any animal I have ever heard since, human or otherwise, and the glass stopped making noise.  I wished he had died of a heart-attack, but then his arm slammed through the hole, and in it was the knife.  “I’m coming again!  This time for real!”  The knife stabbed into the carpet of the hallway and then sank further yet into the floorboards.  The buttered slug pulled, and with the knife’s firm grip on the wood, he pulled his wet naked body into the hall, the bottom corner of the door digging into his back, McCarthy moaning in pleasure.
I ran to my left.  Two doors.  I entered the widest and imitated my bathroom visit, only there was no chain in this room.  This door had a handle above the knob and when I turned it, the deadbolt inside it poked into the wall.  I was too smart to feel relief of any sort, so shock refused to destroy me when McCarthy began digging into the door with the knife.  He stabbed as a crazy woodpecker dying to get into the center of a hallow tree.  He knew what waited for him.  He too was smart, and knew what inevitability was.
“Real clever,” he spat.  “Real fucking smart!”  The door loosened and McCarthy stomped in circles, fuming.  “You’d be dead without me!  I saved you from the storm you ungrateful BITCH!  And this is how you repay me?  You hide like a little girl?”  He stomped harder now, trying (I think) to break something―the floorboards or his foot.  As long as something breaks, he’ll be happy.  That’s how sadists work.  They feed on the pain.  Theirs, or others.
The metallic clunk of the falling knife sprang and sank in one sharp note.  I could hear McCarthy whisper under his breath though the door, and then he limped away without his knife.
But not down the stairs.
He was still with me, just not in the room.  Like that lion purring angrily inside him, McCarthy was most likely lying in the dark of a shadow, waiting to pounce when the door opened.  Or maybe he was in the bathroom, cleaning himself, wrapping his wounds?
I dismissed the speculation.  All that mattered was I was in…
A bedroom.
I was in a guest bedroom, and as long as I remained inside, McCarthy could not get me.  I was safe.  I was just fine.  Easy breaths.  In through the nose.  Out.
I fell on my gut and began sobbing without remorse.  These were not tears of fear or sorrow, simply drops of water followed by gagging dry heaves.  Robotic in nature and grey, only grey, no other colors.  Rivers formed, and they poured while I stared blur-eyed at a twin sized bed and a sliding door closet large enough for any mom in the world.
I heard footsteps.  They tipped lightly to the door and rubbed against the wood.
“Yes, keep crying, kid.  Keep crying.”  He groaned on the other side as if his soul was being torn by the roots, but I blocked it out by drowning in emotionless gags and breathing fits.  When my heart-rate lowered sometime later, the gags turned into hiccups, and the tears flowed like perfume, and I was no longer able to ignore his moans.  “What you thinking about in there, Nicky?  What’re you gonna do next, hmm?”  I blinked and blinked and blinked and blinked.  “Not much left to do anymore.  All you have to do is open the door, Nicky.  Open the door and let me in.”  His palms patted the door as they would to discipline a disrespectful child.  “Nicholas, this is my house, and these are my rules.  You open the door this instant or I’ll condemn you.  You hear me?  If you don’t let me in, I’ll tell God all about you.  I’ll tell him everything, and when he finds out how bad you are, you’ll go to Hell.”  The door knob rattled like a spin top.  “I hope you’re listening!  I hope you like it in there!”
I never stopped crying.  From this point out, my face was always red and covered in tears.
When I finally rolled off my legs, I climbed up the side of the bed and sprawled.  My heart was in my throat.  I could taste blood.
McCarthy had left me for the time being, so this gave me ample time to investigate my surroundings.  A bed, a master closet, a desk with a typewriter, and two windows.  I ran to the glass.  The blizzard was still tossing snow in every direction, but when I squinted my vision, I saw the lawn and my half-assed mounds of snow littering the edges of the walk like connect-the-dots.  Both windows were to the porch’s side.  Climbing on the roof of it was out of the picture, but that didn’t mean I couldn’t stare at it wistfully and begin praying for another mini miracle.
Jumping out the window meant death, if not from the drop, the cold, and that’s only assuming I could run home with a broken leg or two if McCarthy didn’t scoop me out of the snow like a lost Frisbee.
I went to the desk.  The typewriter was heavy and black.  It looked like a pupil, so I ran to the closet.
As I opened it and peeked in at the first few articles of clothes, someone knocked on the door.  It was McCarthy (obviously), but I had been praying, and the knock rasped so gently that I mistook it for a genuine pastor, like Mr. P―.  I walked to the door with my head in the clouds, and before I undid the lock, McCarthy’s voice snapped me back to life.
“Knock knock.  You tired?  Tuckered out?”  He gently knocked again, and lost in desperation I nearly opened the door.  But I didn’t.  I was smart.  “Nick, I know you won’t open this door, but I also know you’re not jumping out of that window.”  He knew!  He knew everything!  “And that, Nicholas, is why I’m going to give you something that the others never had: a choice.  You still listening?  I won’t repeat myself.”  The silent stream of tears dripping along my chin slid into my shirt, and then I wet myself for a second time.  McCarthy heard the dripping and stomped his feet.  “You are going to let me in, Nick, it’s just a matter of when.  If you let me in now, right now, I’ll forgive you.  I’ll tell God I was just messing around with what I said earlier.  I’ll make sure you get to Heaven.  Scout’s honor.”  He clapped his hands or did something else.  I heard skin slapping on the other side.  “And when you let me in, I’ll make it quick.  It’s going to hurt; I will kill you, but let there be no mistaking my swiftness.  Even seven-year-olds wish for death when I get a hold of them, but it won’t be like that with you.  It’ll all be over in less than an hour or two.  A small price for eternal salvation, if I do say so myself.”  His words were cold and metallic.  It was like he was beating me to death with the small words alone!  The horror!  The stress!  “That’s choice one, Nicky, and if there’s any good left in that little brain of yours, you’ll open the door that way I won’t have to tell you what choice two is.”  I was back on the bed, resuming the fetal position.  My head rested on a lump of a spring and bounced slightly with the silent sobs I kept tossing.  I blinked, blinked, blinked.  Why had he stopped talking?  Was he even at the door?  Maybe there was no choice two?  Maybe I was still caught in the webbings of his mind games?  Regardless, I was still trapped in his house.
With each passing minute, I laid waiting.  The horrors of the unknown were crawling deep into my mind, so deep I could taste it!
When more minutes passed and still nothing more was said, I rolled off the bed.  I landed on my back and decided to keep still incase McCarthy tried anything.  More silence.  My body rolled to the closet and opened it all the way.  It was the only thing in the room I hadn’t investigated, and really, anything was better than waiting or wanting to die.
The closet was nearly as wide as the room.  Hundreds of hangers, all filled, and boxes and boxes of folded laundry.  The bright happy colors of spring and summer was everywhere I looked.  Dresses, skirts, baseball caps, kiddie shoes.  Not a single outfit was black, but that’s not a color kids should want to wear.  No one above the age of ten would be caught dead wearing these cloths (in public), if the person attempting such a feat could fit in them to begin with.  They were too small for me, even, and I gasped when I discovered the box labeled ‘extra.’  The word was written in red ink.
I think it was ink…
I toppled over my heels and screamed.  The bedroom door exploded with a splintering blast of fury.  It sounded like McCarthy was taking an axe to the door!  I ran to it and stared.  The door blasted in place again, and this time a blade slit into the wood.
And yes, it was an axe.
The blade removed and McCarthy cast one of his eyes on me through the crack.  “Choice two, Nicky!  Choice two!”  I scattered around the room searching for anything.  I kept luring back to the closet.  Back to that box with ‘extra’ slapped on.  I refused to open it, but every two laps around the room I’d dip by it and touch the corners to make sure it was real.  I didn’t really want to know what was inside.  I could guess.  “You didn’t let me in!  YOU DIDN’T LET ME IN!”  A wedge of wood flew into the bedroom.  It was the size of a brick, and now almost all of McCarthy’s head could peek in at me.  He stuck his tongue out and bit it, drawing blood.  “I’m coming in now!  You can’t stop me!  Just you try!”  The mad man swung harder, but now the axe refused to chop.  It only bonked the wood like a dull rock as McCarthy’s arms danced in excitement.  “This… is… going to be the longest day… of your life, Nicholas.  Of your entire life.  I’ll go so slow you’ll hear time stop!”  His arm weaseled inside and went for the lock.  The hole was too high up.  He had been chopping at eye level.  After the arm retreated I saw his face again, and this time I hid.  I ran to the closet, sat beside the ‘extra’ box.  The door made hideous breaking sounds and I sat and waited.  “I’m going to do things to you I haven’t done in years!  Stuff I’m forgetting!  But practice,” he slammed the door, “makes perfect!”  Each slice drew closer, and each blast made me jump.  “Dirty things, Nicky!  Extra dirty things!”  I jumped once more and my arms opened the box labeled ‘extra.’
It was filled with red clothing, but most had been white or blue before the blood came.  I picked up the first rag, a toddler’s onesie, and gaped at the stab marks.  They went all the way through.  I could see through the holes like windows when I held it up to the light.
“EXTRA EXTRA DIRTY THINGS!”
Hands not under my control shoved the box of extra dirty cloths and carried me to the bed.  I peeked at the door and McCarthy’s bald head vibrating on the other side.  The axe swung and pried into a hole now larger than a watermelon, and then his arm came in for a second time.  The fingers fiddled about the door’s flat surface like a confused spider and swarmed to the lock.  They touched the knob and molested it with their tips, but the monster was just an inch shy of actually being able to turn it.  His fingers glided over the metal just out of reach and zipped back to resume chopping.
I was going to die, there was no escaping that, but I refused for it to be under McCarthy’s conditions.  I bolted to the nearest window and began lifting.
The axe stopped.
“Go ahead.  Do it.  I’ll watch.”  McCarthy stared me down from the hole in the door with an intensity comparative to biblical proportions.  His eyebrows raised and dropped along the bald sphere of his scalp while the eyes themselves clicked.  They clicked.  Not blink.  Click.  I could hear them shut and reopen, separately, one at a time.  They were damp from his compassion and sprinkled in miniature shards of glass from perfume bottles.  They clicked, like the keys of a typewriter, they clicked.  “I don’t mind.  You can jump.  Look.”  He dropped the axe and held both hands behind his head.  They wrapped around his skin like tights on a bowling ball.  “See?  I really mean it.  You go right on doing what you were doing.  I won’t interfere.”  His lips pursed and whitened.  They popped open, and like his eyes, the tongue clicked, “Do it.”
I cradled the lower half of the window from the base, allowing a thin draft to bite my fingers from the finger-thin gap.  I kept my eyes on McCarthy while lifting.  If I left my back to him for one second―one second is all it takes.  It slid at first, then in small chunks.  I pressed up, this time with all my might, and felt my strength wedge into a divot.  Something was stuck; I could tell by McCarthy’s face.  His smile stretched from ear to ear, and he wasn’t afraid to get himself dirty.  Blood from his nose and mouth scribbled along his chin with other fluids, and as his smile grew even brighter, he mushed the gunk on his chin contemplatively as if there were a beard.  I looked away, to the window.  The sides were pushing against thin snippets of wood in the frame.  I had actually lifted the glass from the foundation (my palms were cut horizontally) and shoved it into an open slice of chapped wall.  If given more time, I might have pulled down on the glass to free it and position another angle, but I only lifted more furiously when McCarthy spoke.
“Nope!”  Nothing more needed to be said.  The axe did the rest of the talking.  I flashed a glance and watched his eyes click unevenly between swings.  Like a typewriter.  Click, click, click…
I was at the desk and holding the typewriter in a heartbeat, and both hearts in the house were racing far past their limits.  I sped to the window, shrieked, and threw with all my might.  The metal chunk of garbage shattered all the glass on the lower pane, but the majority was still held in place by the edges.  It was like looking through the mesh of a square-cut paper snowflake, the ones four-year-olds make on their first attempt.
A snapping so terrific that I imagined a falling ancient maple bellowed into the room, and with it a muscular arm.  “NononoNONOOO!”  McCarthy’s fingers gripped the lock’s thin handle and wound.  His eyes were burning into mine, and as he screamed, he continued to turn.  The metal lock clicked―just like his eyes, dear God how it sounded exactly like his glassy eyes―and slipped through his fingers onto the floorboards.  He had ripped it off in his fury, and as his hand contorted and twisted further, I saw he was also oblivious to what his inhuman strength had accomplished.  “No!  No-no-no!  You can’t!  You can’t!”  His arm spun like a bound slinky, and when it whacked the door knob, he came barging in, every inch of his body tense and erect.  He pounced.  “Nicholas!!”
I jumped into the glassy snowflake and held my breath.  I would have made it, but I waited for too long.  I had been lost in fright watching McCarthy break down the door, and when I jumped, it just wasn’t enough.  My body made it, you see, halfway out the window, but my pants caught glass, and falling, McCarthy’s hands grabbed my boots.
My body rocked like a swing and with only my feet inside the building I slammed into the outside wall of the second story.  I felt my nose snap, and then I smelt that sensation of pennies that I’d learn later in life to be blood.  My face peeled the wall while McCarthy pulled me to my doom.
“I’ll show ya!  I’ll fucking show you everything there is to know about Hell!  Here we go!  One, two, three!”  He pulled up with all his strength.  I would have gone all the way in if not for my pants.  They snagged in multiple parts now, giving me just enough slack to fling about.  He had caught me, but the fish was still in the water.  “Stop!”  Searing pain jolted my legs uncontrollably.  He bit me!  His jaw line was on my calf, and when his teeth ripped away at their contents, he ate a mouthful of my pants and a tablespoon of my skin.  He cried, “I said stop!” and dove for a second bite.  His grip on my other leg had loosened, so I kicked.  The boot dug his ear and tore away the [bulb thing].  “FUCK!”  He let go, and then I fell.
But he grabbed my boots again, mid fall, and I went toppling into the wall once more.  I looked up at him from outside, upside-down and covered in gunk.  For the first time ever, his face wore no expression.  He was pallid, stiff, like a robot, and his arms bent for the final pull.  McCarthy yanked my boots as if he were pulling a tree stump, and when he plopped backwards into the house with the momentum of his tug, the boots followed sadly, stuck in his grip.
But I wasn’t in the boots!  They were fully laced, a size too small even, but the mighty rip from McCarthy’s arms was just enough to pop them off in a wicked, cartoonish fashion.  I saw both boots and arms zip into the window, and then I saw the snow below.
Here.  Right here is when I knew without a doubt that God existed.
I’ve been told that everyone has a purpose, that everyone’s suffering is all part of an elaborate plan concocted by Him―I have also been lied to.  What was McCarthy’s purpose?  Why did He allow McCarthy so many children?  What did those kids gain in dying?  And their families?  Did God plan for all of this to happen?  Many believe that, but if that’s true, then the roots of my Christianity are burrowed in Calvinism.  So God wanted McCarthy to fuck boys?  It looks like God also wanted McCarthy to go to Hell.  He didn’t give McCarthy a chance; his crimes were written before his actions.  It was all God’s plan.
What tripe.
God only appears to those who seek him, and with all the self-advertised Christians I’ve seen―and very sadly, the youth pastor McCarthy is one of them―it’s confusing at the very least to only hear about God during times of tragedy, anger, or lust.  Someone died, so let’s pray about them.  Someone’s sick, so let’s pray for them.  Someone’s beautiful, so let’s pray she notices me.  Today’s not Sunday and all is fine inside my well-kempt personal bubble of happiness, so let’s ignore God until we’re forced to be thankful by watching the fallings of others.
But where there is evil, there is hope.  I prayed for God.  I prayed inside of McCarthy’s house covered in piss and blood.  I prayed for help, for rescue, for anything, and you know what?  I GOT OUT!  But how could it be God?  How did I know it was God that saved me?
As I fell from the second story, my sight rested on the ever growing metal typewriter.  I was heading straight for it.  My head would smash, my neck would crack, and then McCarthy would do whatever he wanted.  So as I fell, as I watched my future seconds of life vanish in black, I closed my eyes and prayed.
Please no.
And this is what happened.
I opened my eyes.  I was more than five feet from the typewriter and resting soundly in a pile of fluffy snow.  My pile.  It was one of the many small piles I had made when shoveling, but it gave me just enough padding to sink to the grass without becoming winded.  The only pain I felt was in my legs where glass and skin dangled like frozen flags.
I was underneath two feet of snow.  I dug free and sifted into a layer of thin ice that I recognized to be McCarthy’s walk.  When I stood, a stitch of pain roared along my ribs into my belly.  I started to pass out.  McCarthy’s front door burst open.
I was at the porch’s front steps―that’s less than ten feet to the door―so instead of looking back and risking becoming a pillar of salt, I booked it for the street waiting near his driveway.  The footsteps behind were that of a stampeding elephant with the most vile trunk in existence.
“Nicholas,” he heaved.  “Nicholas, come back!  Come back!”  Everything about McCarthy was growing louder.  Without my jacket I could feel his body heat and imagined imagine the snow melting before the Devil’s skin even touched it.  “I want you!” he shrieked.  “I NEED YOU!”  Both his feet clapped and fell mute.  To this day I don’t know what happened.  I feel that between his wounds, the ice, and of course his naked body, he had found a way to slip up, but how could he have slipped on something this important?  No, it would be more reasonable to argue that he pounced, one last time.  I had seen him jump more than twice, but why would he jump on ice?  Desperation does amazing things to people, and what it did to me was push me forward to the driveway without a kitten’s curiosity―until I touched the sidewalk and looked back.
The storm was picking up again, but I could still see him.  Every muscle on his naked body was bulging, throbbing.  With his legs out in a V, his scaly red arm swiped down and began tugging vigorously.  He did this while staring into my eyes.
“You will rot,” he whispered in the wind.  “You’re going to Hell now, Nick.  Nothing can change that.”  He squeezed.  Blood came out.
My body raced to the street, and then it flew.  I was in no control of my actions.  I was like an angel flying invisibly while everyone else inside sat warm and cozy beside a fire.  As I grew weaker, my eyes clouded with spots of black.  I started wishing for someone to save me from the storm and give me a ride, but that thought didn’t get much farther than the opening of my mouth.  I’d never hitchhike again, even if my life depended on it.
I was without a jacket or boots, and I was helplessly lost.  However many miles I was from home didn’t matter.  I wouldn’t make it.
The certified and well-loved youth pastor of Grand Rapids told me I was going to Hell.  I prayed anyways.
I prayed to find my dad, to hug him and love him and cry.  My eyes blackened deeper into blindness.  I wouldn’t make it home.
I prayed that McCarthy would eat justice.  I didn’t want him locked up; I wanted him castrated and dragged around town by rope.  I wanted justice.  That wasn’t going to happen, but I still prayed for the maliciousness like how McCarthy prayed for God to keep giving him children.  As my hatred broiled, I began limping.  It wouldn’t be much longer now.
I prayed that no child ever had to go through what I had, and then I fell into the snow and sobbed.  I couldn’t move.  I wanted to give up.  I was such a foolish child!  Such an idiot!  I was praying for no one to share my fate while hundreds of dying kids around the globe looked at their captors and wished for a life half as lucky as mine.  I was the lucky one.  I was the one that got away.
In the road, crying and no more than three blocks from McCarthy’s, I gasped.  The winds were fierce and my eyes were dull, but I still saw his black truck, and when it drove to me, McCarthy got out from the driver’s side.  He had put his clothes back on, covering all of his wounds and anger, and he ran to me with determination that enhanced his tolerance for pain.  Each time the snow cracked under his boots, I felt it on my skull.  I rolled and tried to scream.  This was it, and it was over.
I relaxed and accepted what would soon be my future.  McCarthy grunted and swiped me from the road with the wingspan of an eagle.  He pulled me into his chest and hugged as hard as he could.
“Nicholas!”  He began crying, squeezing me tighter.  “Where were you?!  What were you doing?!”  I clung him like an infant and was carried into the car.  Not a truck, a car.  “Lord no, Nick, please say something!”  The inside of the car was like an oven.  I would have died in that blizzard…  “My son, talk!  Talk!”  I would have died if my father didn’t save me.  “What happened?  Where’s your jacket?  Your boots!”
In the rasp of air that whittled my chapped lips, a response made of nothing but small words puffed.
I don’t know how.
I don’t know why.
I don’t know.
I don’t.
I don’t.
I don’t.
I don’t.
“Nicholas!?”
I had been hit by a car.

There is only black until he opens his eyes, and then there is only gray tinted fear.  He sees the room.  He searches for anything to ground himself into existence, and then he forgets why he was trying.
He is a he and nothing more.  He is a nameless body waiting to burn.  Waiting to rot for all eternity.  He flops in his bed.  He thinks about the only part of his life he can’t forget.
“Nick?”
The old man opens his eyes.  A man and woman are waiting.
“Who are you?  What do you want?  I don’t know you.  I don’t know him.”
“Nick, it’s me, Dolly, your nurse.  I was just going to swing in and see if you needed anything, but you got a visitor before I left the front desk.”  The woman in white gestures the man forward.  The man is young and ambitious.  Probably another stranger asking for an inheritance that didn’t exist.
“Uncle Nick?” the man asks.
“I don’t have no kids.”
The nurse and the man go the bedside.  Wearing a smile, she says, “He’s not your son, Nick.  He’s a nephew.”
“I don’t have no brothers.  No sisters.”
This was true.  Nicholas was an only child.  Not like he remembered that, though.
“Well, I’m not really blood related,” the man confessed, “but you were like a father to me.  You raised me; you helped look after me and my mom.”
“No I didn’t.  No.  I don’t know you.”
The nurse sighs through her smile and whispers to the man.  Nick hears the faint callings of an apology, and then she leaves without looking back.  The man sits on a waiting room chair conveniently placed by Nick’s table and crosses his legs.  His eyes are glazed.  And his pupils…
Nick’s heart-begins to spike.
“Nick, I’m, uh,”  The man idles his fingers and mumbles to himself.  Then, he states, “Nick, I’m not your nephew.  I’ve never met you before.  I’m just some guy.  A nobody.”  The nobody reaches for a handshake and is left in the cold.  His hand falls on his lap.  “My name’s Vincent.  I’m just a mover.  I’m the guy who had to clean out your house when you, uh, came here.”
“I’m not rich,” wheezed Nick.  “I’m not rich.  And I don’t know you.  Who are you?  Why are you here?”
Nick’s skin is the tan of soupy aged oatmeal.  Vincent can see the veins swimming below like eels.  The hands look weathered enough to flak away in a gentle summer’s breeze, and small scraps of skin do just that as Nick pulls a lever on his bed and sits up.
Vincent remembers the war photograph from his childhood and wonders what other terrors rest behind Nick’s eyes.
Vincent loosens his belt buckle and pulls out the notebook.
“I found this in your basement,” he says.  “I… I didn’t know if I should throw it away… or if you wanted it?”  The numbers on the cover (4/20) seem much more disordered than before.  There’s no denying an old man wrote it, someone with little coordination, but the contents of the notebook had been written with such clarity.  It seemed impossible to believe that Nick had penned the entire thing.
But Vincent saw the gleam in Nick’s eyes, and when the old man lifted his arm, Vincent placed it in his hand.
The old man groaned.  “This book,” he cried.  “This book.”  He groaned much deeper, as if pulling the cork from a stubborn bottle of wine, and when it popped, so did legions of his Alzheimer’s.
“Sir?”
“I got away.  I got away, and that was all that mattered.  I was safe.  I was safe and nothing else mattered.”  His hands trembled and flipped the notebook to the floor.  Vincent picked it up slowly, not to miss any of Nicholas’s dialogue.  “I couldn’t.  I couldn’t.  I didn’t want to.  It was so icky.  What would they say about me?  I thought about that, and what if they didn’t believe me?  What if I was crazy?  What if I dreamed the whole thing up?  That’s not crazy.  Kids have bad dreams all the time.  I prayed that it was a dream.  I prayed.”  Nick holds his head and screeches like a feral cat.  Vincent drops the notebook back on Nick’s lap and covers his ears.  “I prayed that it didn’t happen.  I couldn’t have happened.  It didn’t make sense.  I was scared, son.  I was so scared.”  His head flaps onto his pillow and sinks.  “And maybe it was a dream?  Because he finds me every night.  He slips into my dreams, infects them into nightmares.  He glides on the bathroom tiles like a superhero from Hell, and he gets me.  When I sleep, he always gets me, and when he gets me, I never forget.”
Nick sank deeper into his pillow.  He was like a rock.  Vincent felt panic crawl up his legs when the possibility of a heart attack crossed his mind, but Nick was not done, yet.
“It is a dream,” the tired old man sighed.  “It is all I can think about.  It’s all I know.”  His arms gripped the handles of his bed and squeezed.  He convulsed as if under a defibrillator.  “I can’t forget, no matter how hard I try, I can’t!”
Vincent caresses the hands on the bed posts.  He tries his best to comfort and confirms, “McCarthy was caught.  They got him.  He’s gone forever and he will never, ever do anything but rot.”
“Rot!?  ROT!?”  The arm under Vincent’s touch flies to his face and slaps him.  Vincent falls backward and lands on his chair.  “He’s dead!  He’s dead!  He died in ‘94!  He’s gone!  But them,”  Nick’s lifts the notebook to his face and slides his fingers along the numbers as if tracing them.  “All of them.”
Vincent held a gaze on the door.  Dolly would be back soon, and Vincent, the lying nephew, was causing quite the scene.
“They got that monster in ’77, fifteen years after my secret, my dream.”  The uneasiness in Vincent’s gut was growing.  He felt it was a mistake to visit the nursing home.  He wanted to forget the whole thing happened.  How easy it would be to go to the bar with Jim and get drunk and just forget―  “Since ’52, when he… and I… They found McCarthy guilty of murdering four children and molesting more than twenty.”
“Jesus,”
“Since ’52.  He confessed to dozens of other murders, ones done before I…”  Nick’s diaphragm boomed back and forth with his words.  His pain stricken eyes were now more bloodshot than milky white, but the tears were just the same as always.  “I killed them.  I didn’t tell anyone, and I killed them all.  God gave me a chance.  God saved me, but I ran away and hid.”  He inhaled, “It was God’s plan for me to stop McCarthy.”  He exhaled, “And now, all I have left to do, is rot.”  Vincent removed himself from the chair and walked to the door.  “Timothy Baily’s still missing,” he wheezed.  “His body’s out there, somewhere.  He’s somewhere, but he ain’t on McCarthy’s list.”  This was too much for him.  “Someone else gobbled up Timothy,” Nick cries, “or there are more children that belong to McCarthy than we will ever know.”  And also, this wasn’t Vincent’s problem.  The sooner he could forget about this, the better.  This whole week had just been one big nightmare.  He didn’t need anything else clogging his day.  Vincent turned the knob and put one foot in the hallway.
“My son?”  Nick’s words came to Vincent like a dying wish, and as Vincent turned, Nick raised his palms to Vincent as if giving a blessing.  “Some small words of advice: if there is anything, ANYTHING in your life that you’re unsure, anything that doesn’t feel right, you confront it.  If you don’t face your problems when they face you, they’ll eat at your soul until you’re dead.  Dead!”  Nick fell into his pillow and closed his eyes.
When Vincent left the nursing home he was unable to escape Nick’s world.  The old man’s advice had followed Vincent like a tail, and as he walked for miles down the sidewalks, he tried complying.  It made him scared―scared shitless―but maybe Nick was right.  It is always good to learn from your mistakes, but it is always better to learn from the mistakes of others.
When he opened his front door, Amber was lying on the sofa with her cellphone glued to her face.  This changed when she saw her husband.  The phone was off and black and on the floor, and now, Amber is standing on Vincent’s toes.
“How’d you get back so quick?” she giggles.  “If you keep startling me like that, I’ll have to divorce you.”  The dry humor is not appreciated today, and where Amber once found lust, there was only bitterness.  “Vincent, honey what’s wrong?”  Her phone buzzes on the carpet, signaling a text.  Vincent stares only at his wife.
“Babe, we need to talk.”
