César
 The Demon Lover’s Chronicles 
 Book 1


By Julian Coleman
Julian Coleman, Copyright 2011

Smashwords Edition

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

ISBN: 9780990893905 

The author is hereby established as the sole holder of the copyright. The author may enforce copyrights to the fullest extent.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold, reproduced or transmitted by any means in any form or given away to other people without specific permission by the author. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. 

Table of Contents
Chapter 1: 1939
Chapter 2: Dead Eyes
Chapter 3: Escape
Chapter 4: The Something Else
Chapter 5: Auntie
Chapter 6: César’s Turned
Chapter 7: Rachel’s Loss
About the author

Credits
Editor: John Hudspith
 http://www.johnhudspith.co.uk/

Cover Art: Fiona Jayde Media
http://fionajaydemedia.com/




Dedication:
to My beloved Mina



Chapter 1 
1939

Rachel pushed against the drowsiness that glued her eyelids together. As her heart thumped fitfully against her ribcage she fisted her eyes to dissipate the foggy caress of sleep. She knew instinctively that her sleep was too deeply imbedded to be normal. She remembered tidbits of her nightmare, and a fear she hadn’t tasted in eons rushed over her stupor. Immediately, she sat upright in bed.
Rachel was shaking and sweaty as she tossed aside the covers. She tried to rise on boneless legs and fell back on the pillows, while the grogginess draped over her like a heavy coat. Again she fought the unnatural urge to sleep and this time she stood with more determination. She had to wake up. She needed to wake up, she told herself as her head pulsated angrily.
New pieces of the nightmare slithered into her consciousness. Although the segments were vague and somewhat abstract, true terror seized her heart. She snatched her bathrobe from the bedpost and swept down the hall. Angelina’s bedroom door was closed. Rachel swallowed hard as despair stiffened her body. She silently prayed before clasping the cold doorknob. The touch of porcelain in her palm was real. She was awake and this assurance forced a moan from her lips. She knew even as she cracked open the door that the bed would be empty. A wedge of light angled through the open window and shone on the lace covering. Earlier that evening she had kissed her sister goodnight, but the bed appeared unruffled, pristine. Angelina’s head probably hadn’t graced the pillow.
The windowpane was raised and a slight breeze fluttered the curtains. Rachel stumbled across the room and leaned out the window. Better to see Angelina sprawled out on the ground than with that demon, she thought. The full moon lit up the night like a lantern and washed the rolling lawn that abutted a dirt road and acres of harvested cornstalks in a milky glow. Her heart threatened to tear free and crack bone. She clutched her chest and caught her breath.  She didn’t see Angelina.
Their handyman, Old Moses, had nailed a trellis to the side of the farmhouse years ago. It was a crisscross contraption threaded with the stems of a robust rosebush. Rachel noticed a sliver of fabric clinging to the trellis.
Angelina had always been a tomboy. There wasn’t a fence or a tree or apparently anything nailed to the house that she couldn’t climb. How often, Rachel now wondered, had her sister slipped down surefooted just to meet up with him? Tears threatened to fall as she plucked the piece of cloth from the latticework. The world was quiet except for the weathervane, a sun-bleached rooster perched atop directional arrows that creaked in the mild breeze and filled the house with an ominous sound. 
She started at her reflection in the mirror and saw the worry in her dark eyes. They were so different, she and Angelina. She was reserved and cautious and Angelina was…well, a carefree tomboy. They were physically different too. She had their father’s African features, ebony skin, deep-set eyes, flared nostrils and full lips. She was wiry and quick, just like their dad. And just as tall. Angelina resembled their mother: lots and lots of enviable hair, cinnamon complexion and a gentler countenance, which belied the trouble beneath a mischievous grin that only Rachel recognized as mischievous. 
Rachel placed a hand over her heart. Damn her. Leave it to Angelina to root out trouble and embrace it! Damn.
Just as it had in her nightmare, her sister’s scream came out of nowhere and rose up from the pit of Rachel’s bowels, clawed along her spine and filled her brain with blasts of pain. She absorbed the intensity and the sensation behind that scream…betrayal. She was startled into action. She ran out of the bedroom and called out to the men camped in the farmhouse.
She had met with her guests earlier that evening, a dozen farmers who trusted her gifts. They grumbled and hobbled as they spilled out of the guestrooms. Rachel clapped her hands in front of faces, and demanded, “Wake up! We been tricked. Ask yourself if this sleep feels different? Can you feel it? Ain’t natural. Shake it off. She’s with that demon and I gotta get her back. She don’t know what she up against, but we do!”
Allen Silverstone was the only one alert enough to run down the hall and look into Angelina’s bedroom. Rachel hurried after him. She grabbed his arm and spun him again. “What? Do you think I would lie to you? Now you see she ain’t here!” Allen jerked free, rage emblazoned on his face. 
Rachel wanted to accuse him. She knew that if Allen hadn’t dragged his feet and proposed to Angelina, then her sister would’ve been a dutiful wife despite the temptation. She chastened her thoughts. She was burdened with as much blame as Allen. She should’ve known something was wrong. Her intuition, her feeling, had been haunting her for weeks, told her that she was being watched. But she had to get the crops to market and sometimes her feelings were wrong. No, now was not the time for blame when Angelina was screaming in her head.
She hurried Allen down the stairs. The others followed and seemed to settle into an uneasy silence. Rachel regretted baiting Allen when she saw how he struggled with Angelina’s betrayal.  
She said, “C’mon! Ain’t got no time for pity! He’s got her, but I know where she is. Thank God she’s gifted.” She hadn’t been able to save her parents, but she would save her Angel.
Chapter 2 
Dead Eyes

Angelina was hunched in the darkness. She clapped both hands over her mouth to keep the scream from escaping, pressed her back against a tree and slid to the earth. At least she had some cover in the woods. Thorns from the rosebush had scraped her skin and drawn a few beads of blood. That had been enough to show Angelina the truth. But not at first. Tears leaked from her eyes and rolled over her fingers. She had been so foolish. César had never loved her. He had betrayed her; she was nothing more than food. 
Only a few hours ago the evening had seemed to hold a romantic promise like the soft petals of a delicate rose. She had snuck out of her bedroom and within minutes she was down the dirt road. He’d been waiting for her in his brand new Cadillac Coupe. Angelina had been meeting César in secret for weeks. She was still a virgin, but meeting an older man, a stranger to their clan, while unchaperoned had caused gossipy tongues to tell lies.  So they had to meet in secret.
Angelina hugged herself under the tree. While the tree’s protection was false, she felt safe blending into the darkness. Dampness from the grass seeped into her panties and drilled into her bones. Her tears flowed even though she didn’t think she had any tears left. Despite everything that had happened, she still loved him. How could she love a monster? But she had fallen hard since that first moment they touched. She didn’t want to remember, but tried to recall any time spent with him that might have hinted he was a fiend. She rocked in the darkness as the chill left her bones and seeped into her soul. She did remember that…
…they had bumped shoulders at Wimbush Eats, a popular Second Street diner. Angelina had opened her mouth to apologize for her clumsiness when she was struck by the sight of him. She had thought that men weren’t supposed to be that beautiful. He had the most incredible chocolate-colored eyes and they were fringed with long eyelashes. He had smiled as he brazenly stared back. Angelina was sure her tongue was hanging out like some kid waiting for a piece of candy to be placed there…yes, sweet candy. Oh my, she had thought. 
Had she salivated? She wouldn’t have been surprised. The caramel-hued stranger seemed to favor her in the same way, or had she just been hopeful? Strangely and without uttering a single word, he had seemed to ask her to follow him outside.  He held the door open and although she felt close to fainting – like a feeble-brained girl -- she followed. His scent had been earthy with a hint of spice that had stoked her with an uncommon and uncomfortable longing. They seemed to move together in a slow gait like sensual dancers, away from the diner’s entrance. She couldn’t stop staring at him. 
He had a commanding presence, like someone who was used to giving orders, like Rachel.  He had seemed, maybe twenty-eight, or even thirty years old. From his curly, close-cropped black hair, down to his square chin, he was exquisite. More than that, Angelina felt that he was new. His eyes were as clear as a babe’s; his skin perfectly unblemished and his attention to the sights and sounds in the city made him seem less sophisticated and more childlike. But new? She would’ve laughed if she hadn’t been struggling with the overwhelming urge to taste his full lips. Her eyes were drawn to them. They were parted and appeared to be soft and moist. She trembled from the urge as she clamped her thighs closer together. When she looked into his eyes, she saw that he was watching her and she couldn’t read any reactions. The air evaporated in her lungs. A fire sparked in her belly…and elsewhere.
“Would you like to dine with me?” he’d said.
Angelina had tilted her head as she considered his proposal. At the same time, she absorbed the sexual hunger that swelled just from the sound of his voice. He had an accent, a sweet cadence that she had found fascinating. Words tumbled from her lips. “I can’t. I’m waiting for my sister. We like to come to the city once a week to have dinner. We went shopping, but we don’t like the same clothes and I was late getting back. I see that she’s not here either.” Angelina wished she could stop talking.
A light wind had lifted a strand of hair against her cheek. He had brushed it aside and as he did so, his fingers lightly stroked her skin. Angelina melted and closed her eyes briefly. He leaned forward, and his voice was deep and husky, “Come with me.”
She had glanced at him slyly. They were close enough to kiss. “Why would I do that?” He seemed to regard her reluctance with surprise. She wondered if any girl had ever dared to turn him down. She tried not to laugh, but couldn’t resist. Then he laughed too. Even his laughter pricked her with naked lust.
The diner’s proprietor, Mr. Wimbush, was a member of their clan. He had tapped on the window and waved for Angelina to come inside. She sidestepped to let a middle-aged couple enter the diner. The opened door had assailed her with the sweet smells of cooked meats and the clinks of cutlery. Wimbush Eats had the best apple pies. Her empty stomach took precedence over her immodest daydream. Only idiots fell in love with handsome strangers – and was it love? She loved Allen Silverstone, after all. She waved back at Mr. Wimbush who made a big showing of wiping down her favorite table by the picture window. Then she dismissed Mr. Wimbush when the provocative stranger took hold of her arm. His lips looked sweeter than apple pie.  Her stomach knotted up.
He filled her senses. “What’s your name?”
She mumbled, “Angelina.”
“César.”
An odd name, she had thought. But she whispered as if his name was a complete poem, “César.”
“May I kiss you?”
Angelina had reacted as if she had been slapped. “What? I don’t go ‘round kissing strange boys. You must think I’m loosey-goosey!” She turned up her nose with as much sassiness as she could muster, then she left him standing there as she strode around him to open the door. She marched into the diner, climbed into the booth and raised up the menu. When she had peered from the laminated selections, he was gone. Her heart had sank and not even the thought of warm apple pie could revive her appetite. 
Mr. Wimbush, a stodgy man bent from osteoporosis, wiped down an imaginary stain as he asked too intently. “Who was that young gentleman?”
Angelina had taken his question as an imposition. Clan members were overprotective of Angelina, but more so of their priestess, Rachel. Angelina had shrugged and hoped that she had shown the right amount of disinterest.  “I don’t know him, Mr. Wimbush. It was just conversation.”
He had pointed an arthritic finger at her. “You have to be careful. A young pretty girl like yourself shouldn’t be wandering the streets so late unescorted.”
“Yes, Mr. Wimbush.”
That had been that. César was relegated to raunchy late night pretend trysts where she could imagine his kisses and touch herself. But César had shown up at the farmers’ market the following weekend. 
Angelina remembered how that evening had hinted rain and the darkening sky had merged through the red horizon. He had pulled up in a shiny Cadillac Coupe and slid from it exuding such raw virility that she gasped unexpectedly. Angelina had chastised herself. She hadn’t given her daydream version enough credit as the intensity of his gaze caused her to melt. She felt…starved. She had glanced about quickly. Rachel was supposed to be selling corn, but she was surrounded by clan wives as they laughed and probably gossiped. Angelina was glad that Rachel was distracted and tried a sexy saunter over to César who smiled. Angelina had laughed at her pretense. She asked, “You’re still here?”
He said, “You’re still here, so I’m still here.”
Her smile disappeared. “Don’t tease me, César. It’s not nice to make fun of me because I’m from the country.”
“You remembered my name?” He had bowed, swept her tiny hand in his and pressed it against his lips. Angelina caught her breath as she moistened between her thighs. She had pulled herself free. She knew that her desire was poorly masked. He had straightened and stared deeply into her eyes. “Come with me.”
Angelina shook her head. If she left with him she knew she wouldn’t have the strength to resist. Only the previous evening she’d dreamt of taking his clothes off with her teeth. She wanted him to love her as a woman. But she treasured her virginity and shook her head again as she took a few backward steps. 
He seemed to understand. “I just want to be with you. We won’t do anything that will hurt your reputation. But if I’m lucky, you may let me kiss you?” Then he lifted one thick eyebrow and gave her a radiant smile.
Goosebumps prickled up her arms.
Somehow Angelina had slipped into his car without Rachel’s knowledge. He had driven her to Dandridge Isle, Richmond’s version of a lovers’ lane. It was an isolated stretch that forked ten miles and ended at a wooded cliff overlooking the James River. At night, especially during a full moon, the sound of the waves thrashing against the rocks was hypnotic. There were other cars at the isle, other couples and to her dismay, a few of the cars rocked gently. 
Angelina strained to keep from yelling, “How do you know about this place? How dare you bring me here?”
César said, “I asked around. I wanted to talk to you some place private where no one could interrupt us by wiping down tables.” He smiled.
She said, “Talk is all that’s going to happen.” And she had done just that. She talked for hours while César listened and smiled as he seemed to regard her with a tender expression. After that first night, they had spent many evenings on Dandridge Isle talking and listening to the waves.
Tonight had started out so wrong. Rachel had told Angelina that she’d consulted the cards, which Angelina always regarded as a bad sign, and sent her to bed like a child. Shortly thereafter, the men started arriving. Angelina watched the procession and grew more outraged as more trucks lined up in the driveway. When she saw Allen, she had to grit her teeth together to keep from spitting. He had glanced at her once and then looked away quickly. She wondered what his gesture had meant. Did he know about César? Had they been spotted at Dandridge Isle? Had Rachel said something? 
When Rachel appeared to say goodnight, Angelina demanded an explanation. Rachel had said, “We got to draw the demon out.”
Demon? 
Yes, she had been seeing someone who was not Allen, but that hadn’t made him a demon. Yes, he wasn’t a member of the clan. But demon? 
Rachel had scoffed at her naiveté and questioned her virginity. Angelina had been outraged. She had called Rachel a twenty-five year old spinster. They had flung harsh words at each other until Rachel reminded Angelina why she might seem overprotective. She relented to Rachel’s demands, at least that was what she had promised, but as soon as the house grew quiet Angelina had used the trellis to escape. 
Angelina ran away, unaware if her feet actually touched the ground, until she saw him and then she was in his arms. Her heart had filled up with love. She allowed his kiss. His lips were soft and moist and cold. She yielded as he pulled her close so that she was pressed against him. His tongue parted her lips and slid inside her mouth as she wrapped her arms around him and reveled in his masculinity. She stood on tiptoe and whispered in his ear, “Each time you leave me, I wonder if I will never see you again.”
“Then you have no idea what you mean to me,” César had said in a manner so frank that he seemed to stun them both. He had held her hand as he helped her inside the car. He started the engine, and appeared to whisper to himself, “Is this what love feels like?” Then he drove quietly down the unpaved road. 
She slid closer to him as he turned on the radio. Blues filled the car like something warm and rich and reminded her of the music of her heartbeat. His scent was as warm as the music and she hungered to taste his lips again. He draped an arm around her and guided the car through the darkness. She never wanted to leave his side.
An odd feeling settled on her good mood. She noticed the car’s interior had grown cold, and feeling her shudder, César turned on the heat. But she couldn’t find any warmth even with her body next to his. Perhaps it had been her argument with Rachel, but Angelina had the unnerving sensation that he was staring at her. Although his eyes were focused on the road, it was as if he was staring directly at her and, while this didn’t make any sense, she grew more uncomfortable. With the pretense of yawning, she stretched slightly and used the moment to slide closer to the car door. If he had noticed her deception, he said nothing.
On Main Street, he had made a left turn and continued onto Dandridge Isle Road. Tonight, the lulling tranquility created by the waves seemed more like rumbling apprehension. When they reached the place where young lovers usually parked, she saw the area was deserted. Her heart sank as fear salted her tongue. 
He parked the car. Without looking at her, he asked, “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing,” she lied. She studied his handsome profile and felt ashamed of her childishness. He leaned over and held her close, but a moment later, he jumped back as if shocked.
“What’s this?” he challenged, as he looped the cross and gold chain around his pinky, careful not to touch the symbol. “Do you believe in this?”
Demon, that’s what Rachel had said. 
Her lower lip trembled as she said, “Yes, with my whole heart. Don’t you?” 
“Can you take it off?”
She was hesitant. The way his eyes fell on the swell of her breasts, heightened her edginess. She had been wrong to kiss him. She reached under her hair and unclasped the cross.
“Here,” he stated, “Put it in the ashtray so that it won’t get lost.”
She held back her tears but not the misery in her voice. “I want to go home.”
His demeanor continued to change as he sniffed the air around her until his attention was focused on the light scratches on her arm. “You’re hurt.”
Angelina had jerked her arm free more forcefully than she meant. In the semi-darkness she could barely see the scratches and thin strip of broken skin. She had lost her footing on the trellis, slipped a rung and caught a thorn in her arm. The scrape had only drawn a little blood. She looked up from her examination and saw there was something wrong with his eyes. The chocolate had turned white. They were dead eyes. 
Angelina recoiled but César climbed on her, heavy and stiff. His kisses were insistent and biting. She had dreamt of this moment but now she only prayed to get away. She felt for and then snatched up the cross. He rotated his pelvis against hers and forced a moan from her lips. His desire was so delicious that she nearly drowned in the moment. His tender kisses, his wicked thrusts, she didn’t care if the universe shone in his eyes except that when she looked at his face, she didn’t see any love. She only saw naked hunger and deformed teeth. Instinctively, she raised the cross. He jumped as if scorched, and then he made a low noise in his throat like a growl. 
She stared into his dead eyes as she reached behind her back for the door handle. There was a moment when she felt drawn in, but she had enough grit to hold the cross up like a shield. Aware that she had to escape, she worked the handle with frantic desperation but it seemed to resist her efforts while she pleaded to God to wake her up from the nightmare. During the erratic pauses between her heart beats, she forced herself to remain sane. César raised a hand to protect his eyes from the cross. When he reached for the cross, the door handle rotated down and the door opened as if from divine intervention. Angelina took flight on shaky legs. Blinded by her tears, and using her natural gifts, she mentally screamed, “RACHEL!”
Chapter 3 
Escape

 “Angelina!” he shouted. “I want us to be together. I can make you so powerful that you can turn your enemies into your dogs.”
She choked down a gasp. Enemies? She didn’t have any enemies. Oh God, how had she not seen? Since childhood, she’d heard whispers about unnatural deaths. She used to hush nonsense talk by reminding old folks they lived in the twentieth century and that science could throw light on dark nightmares. Science couldn’t explain César. As tears slid down her cheeks, she cursed herself again for her naïveté. 
Angelina rose from her hiding place. She hoped the trees would shield her while she made her way back to civilization. Hidden by the trunk of the large oak, she was only a few paces from the car. Maybe he’d left the keys in the ignition. Angelina didn’t know how to drive, but the open door was so tempting. She could be home in minutes instead of hours. Rachel would know what to do. Rachel always knew how to make things better. That was a part of her gift.
Then she saw him, marveled at his profile, at his well-muscled body and natural agility. She caught herself and wondered what he would do to her, would he really feed on her like some animal? A scream rolled up from the empty hole in her stomach and she clamped both hands over her mouth to keep it deeply and quietly inside. She was only capable of sobbing, so she allowed herself to do this silently as she considered her dilemma. 
César stepped into the moonlight. Angelina caught her breath. He was so beautiful. The way the light caressed his caramel-colored skin left her awestruck. He slid out of his jacket, then his tie and shirt. Under his tight skin, muscles rippled and despite her fear, Angelina felt herself grow weak and then without further provocation, she ran from him, from the car, from the trap. Like a winged goddess on the wind, she ran because she knew her tomorrow depended on escaping to Main Street. 
At first, she thought she imagined it, but now she wasn’t so sure. Was he actually close behind, tracking her by sound or scent like some untamed thing? She distinctly heard the soft thuds of his footsteps on dead leaves. At times he seemed so close she could feel the hairs on the back of her neck bristle and she had to bite her knuckle to keep her fearful screams inside. 
Then he was on her left, behind that oak. Then he was on her right, crouching in the tall grass. Occasionally, his disembodied eyes floated a few feet in front of her, and herded her in a different direction. She doubled back, she had to, but too soon she realized that she was lost. The cluster of centuries-old trees hid the moonlight, and the blackness made her disoriented. Although she kept moving, he continued to taunt her with his presence. Her heart pumped blood saturated with fear each time she imagined his dead eyes floating toward her, and her horror was so intense that she thought her heart would explode. 
She ran, in circles it seemed, as she brushed against unyielding tree barks, scraping skin and drawing blood. And her tears flowed like the James River. Finally, the woods opened up and to her despair, she was far from her destination. Oh God, she was less than half a mile from where she’d started! He had been toying with her.
The tears streamed down her cheeks. Tired and breathless, she staggered toward the cliffs. She gasped for air, and although she was frightened, she knew she couldn’t run any farther. She peered over the edge at the long drop into the stony river where the waves battered the boulders before collapsing into white foam. This mesmerizing sight riveted Angelina to the spot and lured her into an artificial tranquility. She snapped to attention suddenly, when she sensed him. He appeared in the clearing silently ridiculing her.
“A great chase, Angelina,” he teased. “I thought I had lost you.”
She averted her gaze to keep from succumbing to his dead eyes. With a sense of mourning, she stared down at her tattered dress and remembered another life when she had chosen it just to please him. As he continued his approach, a slow and measured gait like a predator mocking his prey, she backed to the edge of the cliff. 
Suddenly and surprisingly, she became unafraid. In her heart she hoped that God would forgive her. She could never surrender to the evil he commanded. With that bit of certainty, she said, “You have lost me, César.” 
She spun around and leapt into the full, white, and forgiving moon before floating down in a graceful plunge into the frigid embrace of the river. The James River first seemed as unyielding as tree bark, but after a moment of buoyancy, she sank in the chilly waters where the coldness folded over her like a garment. The weight of the river overcame her and she sank dispassionately like a stone. The water filled her nostrils, and although she couldn’t breathe, or see, she gladly drank in the fluid darkness. She didn’t offer any resistance, and as she sank, she wanted death to seal the open cavity in her chest. Her fingers grew too numb to hold onto the cross and it eased from her delicate grasp. What did it matter? Fool that she was she still loved César. She couldn’t imagine living…without him. 
In the cold wet cocoon, she descended without a struggle as the twisting blades of his betrayal became less and less important. Then she felt his steely grip on her wrist. Instantly alert, she tried to fight, but the frigid water made her incapable of movement. César’s dead eyes shone like beacons in the black waters which offered Angelina no comfort. He pulled her against him and crushed her like a prize. Without meaning to, she rested her head on his shoulder as he swam. She sensed his urgency and opened her mouth to drink in more water to quicken her death. 
They emerged on the beach where Angelina felt very close to the end. As he lowered her gently on the sand, she hemorrhaged water from her lungs. Her waterlogged head seemed the size of a gigantic balloon and thundered with pain. After a moment of fitful coughs, she opened her eyes and saw his dead eyes piercing her soul like twin globes of moonlight. Despite the frightening visage, she wavered. 
“I’m only food,” she wanted to say, but her lips moved wordlessly. He kissed them to stop them from working. Her heart sped up quickly and she started to cough again as the water that had filled her lungs continued to escape in the spasms. 
“Angelina,” he whispered hoarsely. “I need your virgin blood. I have to have you. I can’t let you die until I’m satisfied.”
Angelina stopped coughing, stopped moving. His desire was tangible and the power of his need forced her into obedience. She knew then that he meant to take her virginity as well. “No,” she begged. 
Without any measure of tenderness, César ripped off the fragments of her dress. The night air forced her wet nipples into erectness. He pressed his cold lips on them and suckled noisily like a greedy infant. Angelina shuddered, but offered no resistance. He ran his hand along her body and buried his fingers inside her warmth. His tender and skillful manipulations forced her moans. He kissed her passionately, and in the moonlight, he completely disrobed. Gracefully he slid between her thighs. She allowed this. She wanted him. Inside of her. She gazed upon his handsome face unafraid of his dead eyes. He was her César and she devoured his kisses hungrily. She experienced a moment of trepidation, a moment of hurt, and then he was filling her and the immediate rapture swept aside her initial pain. A tidal wave of ecstasy overcame her as he continued to rotate his hips with rhythmic thrusts. With the same animalistic ferocity he had used to track her, he rode her and the sensations were so overwhelming and so powerful, she thought that she would go insane. Her violation was sweet and savage. She never wanted him to stop loving her. Even his kisses were deeply penetrating. Her cries of surrender echoed in the stillness as another wave of orgasms rocked her body. As inexperienced as she was, Angelina tried to match him thrust for thrust. Finally spent, he looked down at her and his soft eyes were brown again. He asked silently with obvious regret. 
As if in a dream, Angelina heard herself surrender, “I understand. You can do it.” She couldn’t stop herself from extending her neck as an offering. She loved him dearly, God help her. She was satisfied that his kiss would be the last taste she would know. With that realization, she dug her hands in the sand and waited. In moments, his lips were on her skin. He teased her with playful nibbles. When she didn’t protest, his teeth penetrated her skin. Angelina stifled a scream. He drained her greedily, noisily. Her cries were not from pleasure. As he drank, he held down her wrists and she was roughly penetrated once again. 
She didn’t resist as the life flowed from her body. She willingly gave herself up to this decadent and fatal eroticism. The waves that crashed around them calmed her with the sweet promise of an unending soft and cold blackness. She was content to die in the arms of her beloved. 
Cries of disbelief and alarm snatched her from the blackness. She heard César’s low growl like a startled and angry animal. Suddenly there was emptiness where he had filled her. A light, not the moonlight, was shone in her face and, although she tried to draw up her hands to cover her eyes, she didn’t have the will to raise them.
A familiar voice screamed in shock, “Oh my God!”
Rachel? 
Panic marred her sister’s beautiful face. “No, this isn’t happening!” Tears streamed down her lovely cheeks. She took off her shawl and draped it over her Angelina’s nakedness. “I-I-I can’t lose her,” she stammered. 
Angelina should’ve felt shame, she knew this, but she had no regard for her sister, or Allen, who observed her with wounded revulsion. She had not meant to hurt him, but she loved César—only César. Weakly, she searched for him and saw that several of the dozen or so men who had accompanied Rachel now held onto César like game from a successful hunt. A large cross was hung around his neck. He sank to his knees and appeared to struggle to remain conscious. 
Rachel, still sobbing, loudly argued with the men. Angelina knew one thing; she couldn’t let her sister hurt César. Even now as she studied him, they had made no attempt to cover up his nudity, she ached for him again. Although he silently compelled her to rise up and remove the cross, he had left her with little life in her body. Angelina didn’t have the strength to raise even her head. In her lethargic pose, she wanted only to surrender to black infinity.
Rachel touched Angelina’s face and recoiled. “She’s so cold,” she sobbed. “Allen, she’s so cold! We can’t lose her.” 
Before Allen could respond, César gasped, “Let me have her, then.”
Allen, with tears in his eyes, punched César, who responded with a grin. “Are you upset because I got there first?”
Rachel interrupted, “The Devil knows your weakness, and we are wasting time! Don’t you agree with me, Allen…that we have to save her?”
Toby, Allen’s older brother, reprimanded, “Leave him out of this! You have to be careful with the kind of magic you’re talking about! It’s best to send them both to glory right now!”
Angelina eyes rolled back in her head. The air dried up too quickly and she couldn’t fill her lungs. She gasped in soft, desperate rhythms, acutely sensitive to the cold darkness that had found and embraced her. Her eyes rolled forward and momentarily locked with Allen’s. In the typhoon of dissent, his voice asserted above the others, “I agree! Do what you need to do to save her.”
Rachel motioned for César to be brought to her. Although he fastened his dead eyes on her, Rachel didn’t flinch. She admitted, “To my shame I didn’t put a stop to this when I suspected, but God knows I am grateful that my sister is gifted.” She extended her right hand and someone placed a hunting knife in it.
“Rachel! You can’t do this!” Toby insisted. “This is why we left Louisiana! We will all suffer if you do this.” 
She was beyond listening. The decision had been made, two against eleven. Some of the men quickly created a bonfire from discards they found on the beach. Other articles were retrieved from cars, candles, incense, fresh chicken blood, and ritual sand. A blood and sand circle of protection was poured around the group. Rachel began to chant and channel her power near the fire. She marked Angelina with oils as the others responded to her prayer in a tongue older than English. The chanting reached a rhythmic crescendo as Rachel jerked in an almost erotic but spastic dance. When the chant ebbed into a low throb, Rachel grabbed César by his dark hair and snapped back his head. Then with much venom, she chopped the blade in his skin and sliced it across his jugular. Blood squirted from his wound in a thick geyser. It took four beefy farmers in bibbed coveralls to lower the flailing demon over Angelina and allow his blood to rain on her full lips. 
“Drink, baby sister,” Rachel commanded. 
César stopped resisting. 
Obediently Angelina opened her mouth and flicked her tongue against his wound. The thought of drinking his blood was repulsive but the actual taste strangely warmed the coldness in her mouth. The liquid filled the emptiness in her stomach and fanned warmth through her body. The blood tasted so good that she moaned as she drank. She wanted more. She wrapped her fingers around his bloody neck and pressed her lips against his wound. César tried to pull away, but the others held him down as she drained him. She licked his wound, and then she bit into his flesh so that more of his blood could fill her mouth. César grew weaker the more she drank while she grew stronger. Rachel prayed as she circled and sprinkled them with dust. César was as weak as a newborn when the men released him to her hunger. 
César was close to death. Angelina could feel it, and holding him so intimately abated her hunger and nourished her love. If he died, then she would too. This realization completely doused her hunger. She stopped feeding and their eyes met. An eternity passed. She would love him forever. His lips found hers and he slid his tongue in her mouth. She slipped her fingers under the heavy chain and gave the cross an easy yank. 
His eyes seemed to say, “I love you.” 
It was a lie. She knew she’d only been food, but couldn’t help how she felt, so she released him. Before the others could do anything, he disintegrated into a shadow and became one with the night.
“Oh God,” Rachel cried.
“Yes,” Toby taunted with a trace of sad satisfaction. “What you started tonight will kill us. She couldn’t help it, but you two knew better. What are we going to do with the demon’s whore now? Angelina would never have done anything like that. She was a virtuous girl. Even you two have to admit that Angelina is dead.”
Allen, in a move worthy of a heavyweight champion, gave his older brother a powerful right hook that sprawled Toby out on the ground. “Don’t you ever call her a whore!” Then his voice cracked with emotion, “She is not dead.”
Despite the approaching warm September dawn, Angelina shivered. Her slight tremble quickly energized into spasms. The blood that she had drunk so greedily filled her stomach like cement. When the sweet cold then grew hot, hot enough to melt her insides, she screamed. 
Angelina cried out to Rachel, who stood over her as she shared her spasms. Together they writhed as the men, surprised by this aspect of the ritual, renewed their chants. Rachel stood, with her arms outstretched as if in a plea while she also shook as if from a seizure. In a haunting spectacle, her eyes rolled back until only the whites could be seen. 
Toby challenged that the rite proved they were mixing with evil, that the ceremony should stop and that they should give Angelina her peace. Angelina just wanted the pain to go away. She wanted the day to go away. She wanted only César.

Chapter 4
The Something Else

No one spoke.
In the backseat of the sturdy old car, Allen cradled Angelina in his arms like an infant, but his embrace was colder than her skin. During those occasional moments when she grasped a hint of lucidity, she noticed that her very best friend wouldn’t look at her. She was ashamed, to be sure, yet she ached deeply and naturally for César. So she hid from these conflicting emotions by closing her eyes and embracing her pain. For Angelina, the pain was easier to deal with than the haunting betrayal etched in Allen’s sweet features, or the scathing memory of César’s seductive kisses.
As the dawn blazed into a bright morning, no one dared to mumble a sound. Angelina, who was sheathed from head to toe with home-quilted blankets, didn’t make any attempt to peer outside her soft confines. She was afraid a lick from the sun would sear the flesh off her bones because the gospel implied this death for the unfortunate unnatural who couldn’t find shelter from the sunlight. 
She didn’t feel just plain strange, she felt out of sorts in her own skin. Pity still, she’d drunk blood and enjoyed it. In performing this sensual and perverse act, she had also surrendered her humanity and the right to sunlight. Maybe Toby had been right, maybe she was a demon’s whore. They had all seen how she had been so wanton with César. She shuddered from shame. Oh God. The men had seen her naked. Despite her ever-growing bloom of shame, the memory of his barbaric thrusts forced a moan from her lips. Allen’s immediate, clearly mechanical response was to hold her tighter, and to soothe her with gentle rocking, but he didn’t look at her and this rooted her shame. 
Their car jerked to a haphazard stop and the two men wordlessly climbed out with too much haste. She heard other cars pull up nearby. Car doors slammed shut, and then came sounds of men gathering in the distance for an impromptu meeting. Angelina remained cradled like a babe, with the two people who loved her most, Allen and Rachel. Rachel, who usually strode through turmoil at a self-righteous gait, sat mutely in the front seat.
Ordinarily, Angelina would’ve been concerned about her sister, but she was more startled by something else. She could hear the men! Although they whispered, she heard their words, their outrage and their terror. She knew they wanted to kill her and be rid of the bad business they had conjured up an hour earlier, and while they were afraid of César, they were just as afraid of Rachel. 
A decade earlier Rachel had used her gifts to help the clan escape persecution in Louisiana. In the years since that flight, Rachel had protected them like a guardian. While the country was wracked by widespread desperation and uncertainty, the clan prospered. But this was different. This was evil business and these strong, proud Negro men who scoffed at the threat of lynchings in the former Capitol of the Confederacy, were troubled by the supernatural shadow that suddenly descended on their families. 
Angelina heard their every gasp, every drawl, and every hateful word. Alerted by the conspirators’ tone, Rachel seemed to reanimate with a deep and painful sigh. She pleaded in a raspy voice, “You have to stand by me on this. Are you with me?”
Without hesitation, Allen said, “Yes, I am.”
Angelina studied Allen’s face, his handsome yet delicate features. He possessed a woman’s full lips, yet his chin was strong and his eyebrows were a rugged frame for his soft light-brown eyes. His coloring was nearly fair, with just the faintest hint of chocolate, and his dark hair, hardly tamed, was jet-black and tightly curled. She had adored him as a child, before chores on his family farm had broadened his chest and turned his arms into steel. Amazingly, dreamy Allen had fallen in love with her too, but that was before her gaze had met César’s. Angelina, still wrapped in the cocoon of her shame, looked away. 
Without a hint of provocation, the hot-cold rose up from the pit of her stomach and filled her veins. For tense minutes, she convulsed from bone-chilling yet fevered spasms so intense that she knew she was dying. Allen wrapped his steely arms around her to keep the blankets in place.
Rachel turned in her seat at the commotion. Her eyes leaked as she begged, “Please, don’t go! My Angel, I need you!”
Mercifully, a fuzzy blackness reached up from under the blankets and covered Angelina like a death shroud. Very quickly, she lost consciousness.
Angelina aroused gradually, but until she finally recognized her surroundings, she wondered if she had died. She realized that hell couldn’t possibly resemble Dr. Sherman’s sterile and quaint examination room in the west wing of his neat home. With that realization, Angelina nearly sobbed with relief.
The Howard-educated physician was one of a few outsiders the clan trusted. He had treated Angelina for whooping cough, colds, and a brutal spell of the flu when she had first arrived in Virginia as a haunted eight-year-old. Her current malady, she knew, was beyond his expertise. 
She suffered from extreme cold one moment and extreme hot the next, while she shuddered as if possessed by a mild seizure. In addition to the fever, she suffered from the throbbing bite wound, a blazing raw injury that dripped fire-like needles through her veins each time she moved her head. Worse still were those blessedly few moments when she couldn’t breathe, where she felt compelled to dig her fingernails into her skin and claw her throat to help get the air inside her body. 
“How are you, child?” Dr. Sherman, a squat man in his mid-forties, asked in a soothing voice. While his tone sounded serene, his eyes were wild with disbelief.
“I can’t die until I’m forgiven!” Angelina managed. 
“Shush that talk about dying.” Dr. Sherman went to the door, called on his wife, who was also his nurse, and asked for more blankets. 
He examined her eyes by shining a bright light in them. He was a professional man, but after his brief examination, he couldn’t hide his shock. In a daze, he mechanically placed his stethoscope on her chest and asked her to breathe. By the time he took her temperature, he was sweating and shaking almost as profusely as Angelina. Deliberately, he turned her head to gain a better view of her injury. Angelina cried out and clamped a hand over her wound.
“Come child, let me take a look,” he said, with practiced gentility.
Angelina snarled at him, she unleashed a rage, hot and mean and without a grain of reason, to protect her vulnerability. Still clutching her injury, Angelina placed a hand on his chest and shoved him with enough force to slam him into the wall. Stunned and wounded, he grunted as he slid to the floor. 
His wife rushed into the room, her arms laden with blankets. Seeing her husband slightly embedded into the wall, she dropped the blankets and screamed. Her screams pierced Angelina’s blind and insane rage. She would’ve climbed down from the examining table to apologize, but at that moment she was seized by tremors. She fell back and convulsed so violently that she was in danger of falling off the examination table. Dr. Sherman quieted his wife as he staggered to his patient, and worked a tongue depressor between her teeth. 
Rachel and Allen ran into the room. Rachel grabbed the discarded blankets and covered her naked sister while Allen helped to hold Angelina down. After the spell passed, Rachel placed a bit of something dry and hard in Angelina’s mouth. When she tasted the root, she tried to spit it out, but Rachel closed her hands over Angelina’s nose and mouth and forced her to swallow. Almost instantly, Angelina began to breathe without the pain. She whispered, “Thank you.”
Dr. Sherman rubbed his side, and stated, breathlessly, “What was that you gave her?” 
“Something that isn’t supposed to work on humans.”
“What did you say?”
“I’m sorry, Doctor,” Rachel said. “We shouldn’t have left you alone with her while she’s in this condition.” She glanced at the indentation in the wall, and added, “I didn’t know she was so strong.”
Dr. Sherman coughed in his fist. Now that the commotion was over, his wife began fussing over him, but her eyes never left Angelina. When he asked his wife to leave, she did so with obvious reluctance. Dr. Sherman set about treating Angelina’s neck wound, this time with Rachel and Allen in the room. After he dressed the wound, he gave her a shot.
He motioned to Rachel that he wanted to confer with her, but she refused to leave. “Doctor, she has a right to know her condition,” she stated. “We all do.”
Dr. Sherman said, “She’s suffering from hypothermia. I don’t know the cause, yet, but I suspect the bite on her neck contributed to massive blood loss. And the wound looks infected. I would like to call the hospital, get her in for a real exam. If I can, I’d like to keep her overnight to run some tests, then I can give a more thorough diagnosis.” He leveled them with an unflinching stare, “I won’t lie, I’m quite baffled. I don’t understand why her temperature is the same as the room temperature.” 
Allen asked, “Are you sure?”
“Slightly above, perhaps. Her reflexes are above normal, as if her body is anticipating my moves, even when I vary them. It’s like she’s reading me. Her eyes…” he cleared his throat. “Her heartbeat is so slow that I don’t know how she remains conscious, but she lives.”
Rachel sighed with relief. “She has a heartbeat? She’s alive?”
“Am I?” Angelina asked, incredulously. “I’m still alive.” She wept as her eyes grew round with gratitude, not at the doctor for his care, but at her sister.
Rachel asked, with more than a hint of desperation in her voice, “Can you stop the infection?”
Dr. Sherman said, quite frankly, “We can try to identify the infection and apply a cure, but I don’t think there is a cure for what is infecting you, is there?”
Angelina’s exuberance melted. She shook her head. “Death?” 
“You’re too young to be so morbid.”
She heard the doctor’s quickened heartbeat. She could smell his sweat and buried deep in that odor was the scent of his fear. He regarded her oddly, as if he wasn’t capable of taking his eyes off her. Somehow she knew that if she wanted to brush her lips against his throat, he would allow this. Somehow, she sensed that he wanted this very badly. And so did she.
Rachel discreetly cleared her throat. Angelina became aware that Rachel knew what she was thinking, how she was feeling, that possibly Rachel knew everything. Her sister added, “I don’t think modern medicine can help us.” She shook his hand vigorously. “I think it’s time Angelina saw my old nana. Auntie can teach her how to control the infection.”
Dr. Sherman questioned, “Where is she going?”
Allen said, with undue harshness, “That is none of your concern.” He effortlessly scooped Angelina up as Rachel paid the doctor for his services. Angelina wanted to protest her treatment, but she resigned herself to the indignity of being carted about like a baby. 
The others had waited near the examination room. A pall with the pomp of a funeral procession awaited the trio as they left the room. Rachel waved Allen on as she spoke to the men briefly, but firmly. Although there were some mutterings of surprise and disgust, only Toby spat a cursing protest. 
Angelina tried, but for some reason, and perhaps it could’ve been Rachel’s will, she couldn’t hear their words. Allen covered her in the blanket, and once he was assured every naked patch of skin was hidden, he carried her to the car. After a brief negotiation with the car handle, he slipped inside the backseat of the old Ford and nestled her comfortably on his lap. 
He shut the car door so harshly that she had to ask, “Will you ever speak to me again?” He didn’t answer. 
Angelina could feel the effects of the root starting to wear off, and she buried her head in the crook of his neck. Then she realized, with a whimper, that Allen didn’t flinch. Unlike the others, he had absolutely no fear of her; he didn’t worry about her bite. Bitterly she also understood that he wasn’t looking at her not because he was afraid; he wasn’t regarding her because he was ashamed. 
“I’m sorry I hurt you,” she said, but only received his icy silence. 
Although she closed her eyes, sleep was an illusion. Angelina was strangely sensitive to time as being less fluid and more linear. This perception made her aware of everything. Her senses of sight, smell, and hearing were all honed with straight-razor precision. She could hear the wind whisper her name in a blissfully surreal manner. Angelina knew then that while she wasn’t dead, she was evolving. 
Rachel got into the car finally, and one of the farmers, Rusty, climbed behind the wheel. 
Allen asked, in a hushed whisper, “What happened?”
Rachel shook her head, “She’s faking her sleep and she hears everything. Ain’t no need to whisper. Ain’t that right, my Angel?”
Angelina remained mute and immobile, but aware.
“We’re sending her to Auntie,” Rachel confided. “This time old medicine is needed more than new medicine.”
Rusty grunted with hostile disbelief, “She wants some of us to go back to the bayou and spend time with Auntie! I still can’t believe how this thing is gittin’ crazier and crazier.” He challenged, “How on earth do you think taking her down to Hell will save her?” 
Rachel froze him with a stare, and Rusty immediately grew respectful. He choked life into the Ford and drove down the long driveway past neat rows of twisted crepe myrtles. Their leaves, deprived of oxygen, burned a bright red. Just like Angelina, they fluttered near death.
Although his action was reflexive, Allen cradled Angelina close to his heart just as his heart began to beat rapidly. “I still can’t be hearing this right. You surely want to send her to Auntie? In Louisiana? That’s a long drive through the South for colored folks.”
Rachel snorted, “It ain’t the Klan you’re worried about. You don’t have to go.” Then she paused, “But I’m hoping that you’d want to go. You have to git over what you saw and realize that she wasn’t in her right mind. My Angel tried to kill herself before she let that demon touch her, do you hear me? I saw it.” Rachel’s voice cracked as her voice trailed off, “I saw it.”
Allen looked down at her then, softly and full of remorse, his lips parted in stunned appreciation, as he mouthed the words, “I’m sorry…”
Rachel added, “Don’t you repeat what I just said to anyone or I’ll have sausage and balls for breakfast! Now, Allen, I can’t leave our people, but you’re the only person I can trust to protect her. Once she gets to Auntie, everything will be fine, but right now she has too many enemies.” 
The word enemies conjured up the promise César had made to her just hours earlier, that she would have the power to make her enemies her dogs! She hadn’t had enemies then, but she had them now and in her own clan? Her painfully ordinary life had descended into a hell where the people she loved wanted to stamp her out like a cockroach. This awareness was too much to bear.
Angelina listened to the thumps of Allen’s heart and the sound was as tranquil as the sound of waves spraying the rocks along the James River. The cars returned home lined up like a funeral motorcade. Angelina and Allen stayed in the Ford while the others scuttled about with their tasks. Alone, listening to his soothing and rhythmic heart, Angelina had the courage to ask, “I don’t remember that much about Auntie. Do you?”
Allen’s heart quickened sharply, “Barely, but I don’t want to talk about it now.”
“We both lost our parents,” Angelina said, disconcertedly. “I remember Rachel and Auntie saved us. I remember Rachel…” and her voice trailed off as the memory assaulted her like a bonfire. She flinched from odors of fire and soot and blood. Angelina had a pain-induced image of an old woman, with glorious white hair, stationed behind a young and angry Rachel. With her Auntie’s guidance, Rachel had fearlessly chanted a dark curse on the Trinitys, and all those who followed them. Angelina couldn’t remember most of the night her parents had been murdered, but she did remember the fires. 
“Ssssh!” Allen comforted her like an infant. 
Then she thought of César. She could see his handsome face hovering over hers, delivering kisses as sweet as chocolates. The sudden switch in images was jarringly surreal.
Rachel opened the car door and teased, “It’s not my intention that you carry her all the way to Louisiana.”
“I don’t mind,” Allen said.
“Well, I do,” Rachel retorted, and then she opened her fisted right hand and blew white powder into Angelina’s face.
The moment the powder touched her, Angelina collapsed as if in slow motion. The substance settled on her skin like snow, but burned her nostrils like fire. Her muscles grew tight and rigid, until she felt like a corpse with rigor mortis. She was acutely conscious, but completely immobile. Not only was she unable to speak, but she couldn’t close her eyes.
“What did you do?” Allen asked, alarmed.
Angelina felt hands on her ankles as she was yanked from Allen’s grasp. She heard her own sister say, “We can’t trust her. I’ve agreed that she has to be put away for everyone’s safety until you get to Auntie’s. Now go, freshen up and put some food in your belly. I’m sure you’re not the only one who’s hungry right about now.” 
The farmers draped the blankets over her naked and paralyzed body. This blinded her and fed her terror. If Rachel had not been there, she would’ve been more fearful of the men who toted her like a repulsive dead thing. She heard a door creak open, something heavy was dropped to the ground. She caught the aroma of new wood and then she was placed in a space so tight that she barely had shoulder room. Although they kept her confined in the blankets, she could hear something fitted above her and again came the strong smell of wood. All at once, she was surrounded by the finality of loud hammering. 
Oh God, she realized, they are nailing me in a coffin. 
Angelina would’ve wept if tears had been possible. She caught a whiff of Rachel’s florid perfume and heard her fingers as they lightly brushed the wood. Her sister’s voice was strained with emotion as she swore, “When you git back to me everything will be just as it was. Auntie will make everything all better, promise. Me and Old Moses will be waiting.”
Although Angelina was incapable of speech, she could feel her heart breaking. She wasn’t going to have a chance to say good-bye to Old Moses. The farmhand was a little slow, but he had a gentle soul. He used to fix old tractors, scraped knees, and dolls that had been loved too hard. 
Angelina wished that she could cry. 
The coffin was hoisted and slid into what felt like another vehicle. For very long minutes she was acutely aware of everything. The idleness nearly drove her mad. Rachel had been the one constant in her entire life. She grieved. How she could live without Rachel for one day?
“Angelina,” he said, as if he read her mind. “I’ll take care of you.”
Allen’s voice settled on her warmly in the darkness, and her apprehension melted just a little. Suddenly coldness crept into her bowels as the heat sprang from the wound in her throat. As they pulled out of the driveway, in what sounded like a caravan of three cars, Angelina began to convulse violently. She would’ve screamed if she could, but nailed in the coffin, all she could do was ride out the spasms as the infection tore hotly through her veins and clawed at her organs. She emptied her bladder and bowels as she fought to hold on to her humanity.
Chapter 5
Auntie

She hungered. 
Bouncing for hours on unpaved back roads through the southern states, and filling up her coffin with urine and excrement, Angelina couldn’t ignore her grueling discomfort. Yet, her primary thought was the gnawing hunger that filled the black void in her gut with greedy tentacles. She had never felt anything like it, so searing and consuming that she needed to obey it to sate it, but she didn’t know how she could do this without taking someone’s life. 
In the paralyzing blackness, all she could think of was how Allen had practically offered his throat to her, and his sweet, aromatic blood. In her waking dreams, she imagined how delicious he would taste on her tongue. She knew how fragrant his blood had been in her nostrils and now she wondered how strong he would be in her arms. For miles she dreamt of drenching Allen with her love as her teeth found that vein in his throat that jumped rhythmically under his tinted brown skin.
The truck, or hearse, or whatever she rode in stopped abruptly and aroused her with a jolt from her waking nightmare. This break was longer than a quick fill-up at a gas station. The air was moist and thick with the odor of moss. She heard flies and toads and muffled whispers. Mercifully, the effects of the powder had worn off hours earlier. 
First she had blinked. Angelina had further tested her freedom by moving a finger, then a wrist, but the confines of the coffin limited what she could do. She had thought of trying to force open the lid, but had been too terrified. Because of her blackouts, she couldn’t tell if it was morning or evening, and the uncertainty bridled her with a yawning fear that any tender caress of sunlight would char the skin right off her bones. So she didn’t rise from her prison despite the monstrous hunger that ripped through her. 
A door creaked as it swung open and then Angelina felt hoisted and carried. She was angered by her shabby treatment; that for hours she had been forced to lie in her own filth. But God knew, more than soap and water, she needed to drink blood quickly and with lusty relish. Memories of César’s blood on her tongue taunted her to near insanity. She would’ve sold her soul for a drop or just enough to force the tentacles of hunger to recede. Then her coffin was settled, delicately on the ground.
“Whew! What a smell!” a withered voice intoned. “Get that tub and fill it for me, handsome. And you, go in the back room and look in my bureau for some towels. We have a mess to clean up, eh cherie?”
Angelina was ready to pop out of her prison like a child’s toy. She couldn’t stand to endure her cell any longer, but somehow she managed to wait. She heard the chosen men silently rummage around as they followed the old woman’s wishes. Now Angelina wondered if Auntie was like Rachel. She wondered if the old woman knew that she heard every muffled word. Once, Auntie cried out, “Don’t break that mirror, it was a gift from ma mere!” 
Finally, there were the blessed creaking sounds of sturdy nails pulled out of new wood. Then came the sweet aroma of fresh air as the blanket was lifted off her face. Angelina blinked a few times to adjust to the light, but her vision remained distinctively sharp and abnormally bright. 
Gasping, most of the men protected themselves from her stench by covering their mouths with handkerchiefs. The burliest behemoth in bibbed coveralls didn’t reach his handkerchief fast enough and retched on the floor. A wizened old woman scolded him passionately and stood watch, with hands on her hips, as he mopped up his mess and then retched again. 
Angelina’s gaze followed the conversation and then focused on the familiar, but unfriendly faces that shunned her. The old woman with a crown of white hair gave her a nearly toothless grin and uttered, “Ma cherie! Do you remember your Auntie?”
Alarmed, Allen finally said, “What’s wrong with her eyes?”
The old woman shushed him as she smiled and behaved as if she was speaking to a little child, or an imbecile, “You do remember me? Oui?” Then without flinching from the odor, she leaned very close as if to examine Angelina.
Angelina ignored her as her gaze found Allen. She only wanted Allen. She wanted to feel him between her thighs as she tasted his skin with her tongue. His visage was haloed in a bright light, as he became the center of her universe.
“Ah,” Auntie said, as if she fully understood the nuances of everything. Swiftly, she opened her gnarled hand and blew white snow-fire into Angelina’s unsuspecting face. 
Angelina released a harsh bellow of omnipotent rage that shook the small house as if the structure was besieged by a tiny earthquake. The effects of the powder quickly silenced her anguish. She was forced to submit to the sensation that crawled through her muscles, and while paralyzing, this powder was different. She could blink and her muscles didn’t stiffen with rigor mortis. Somehow, this powder robbed the hungry tentacles of vitality; without that vast, black and needy hunger, Angelina could feel reason and remorse.
Auntie uttered, in a hushed whisper as her rheumy eyes mapped Angelina’s face and then seemingly, her soul, “Amazing! What magic has Rachel wrought on this poor child? I sense and see the vampire, but something else. She’s something else? Do we need the priestess, I wonder, to call it out?” She shook her head and clucked disapprovingly, “Mayhap better to let poor baby die. No one else but me see how she suffers so?” Auntie, with some difficulty, stabbed an accusing and crooked finger at the men, “I see it, in your faces, ready to stomp her,” and then she smiled slyly at Angelina, as she added, “…like a cockroach!” 
She shooed out the men, save Allen. She examined him with the same intensity she had reserved for Angelina. “What a handsome morsel you are. Not too bright though to think she would toss you over for a strange man.”
When Allen tried to protest, Auntie shut him up with a slice of her hand and said, “My back is too old. Help me bathe her.”
Allen blushed. “I can’t do that.”  
Auntie said, “Look at how she wants you. She’s not ashamed of you seeing her naked. She wants this, she wants you, she dreams of making you as she. Know your enemy! Be a man!” Auntie prodded him in the ribs. “Build up your defenses!”
Gently, Allen unfolded the blankets as tenderly as a bestowed gift. He drank in her nudity and despite his best efforts; it was obvious that he hungered for her, regardless of her condition. Delicately, he carried her a few paces and placed her in the awaiting tub. As he scrubbed the putrid mess from her skin, he was reminded that she was no longer a natural woman. He mumbled, “Her wound is gone.” 
“No matter.” Auntie stood by his side and directed his actions. “See the eyes? The eyes, give her away. When those eyes go dead, you run the other way. When those eyes go dead, she ain’t your woman no more.”
Angelina was still hungry, starving in fact, but she had to admit Allen’s touch accentuated her forced calmness. A righteous purr escaped her throat and provoked a smile from him.
“Trouble,” Auntie said. Then as an afterthought, “Maybe not.” She produced an old cotton nightgown as she chided, “Enough of that! Remember your Bible. You is being seduced, young man. Mayhap you need to go back home before I have to straighten out two vampires?”
Allen protested, “Rachel wants me to stay here. Angelina is not safe without me.”
Auntie offered a rickety chair. Allen propped Angelina against the chair, and like a doll he forced her body to sit. As he toweled her, delicately but not intrusively, Auntie studied them. “So you were betrothed?”
Allen admitted, sheepishly, “Not officially, but I was hoping to...” Then he stopped, and added, “But then she met…”
Auntie interrupted, “Don’t say the Devil’s name, child! Don’t ever call the Devil by name unless you’re ready to fight him, and don’t ever look him in the eye!”
Angelina, who couldn’t speak, watched them and took it all in, but eventually, her eyes found only Allen’s countenance pleasing and tranquil. Again, she purred as he slipped the gown over her head. Easily he tended to her and despite his avoidance of her eyes; there was great tenderness in his touch. He carried her like an invalid through the rundown shanty to a small back room. 
The room was bare, and cheerless, and seemed only large enough to accommodate the small iron cot and tiny handmade bureau. A single candle on the bureau offered withering light, just enough to illuminate the meager furnishings and highlight a collection of crude, makeshift wooden crosses that adorned the walls without order. The solitary window had been boarded and nailed shut. Placed dead center of the boarded window was a huge, ornate cross. 
Angelina stared at the crosses somewhat puzzled as she remembered how César had cowered from her simple necklace. Because of that memory, she expected to shrink in agony too, and perhaps that had been Auntie’s point, her way of keeping Angelina docile and controlled. But truthfully, although the walls were filled with crosses, she had no fear of any of them. As Allen carried her to the cot with the lumpy-looking mattress, Angelina had only a desire to touch the nearest cross and beg God for His forgiveness.
Auntie must’ve seen this because she shuffled up next to Allen and ordered, “Stop, young mister.” She freed a wooden and poorly-wrought cross from a bent nail. The cross was slightly larger than Auntie’s palm and heavy enough to cause her hand to tremble. Allen’s eyes widened and he tried to sweep Angelina away but not before Auntie was able to lay the cross on Angelina’s ample bosom. They both watched and waited as nothing happened.
Allen said, amazed, “I thought they couldn’t stand..?”
Auntie cut him off, “We don’t know what’s true and what ain’t.”
Allen stared down at the cross as it rose and fell on the firm bosom with erect nipples. “No,” he insisted, thickly, “I saw a cross drive that bastard to his knees. It had real power over him.”
Auntie smiled, “Then Rachel did turn her sister into something else. Now all we have to do is find the priestess so we can keep the vampire inside. Then, she might have a normal life. Put her down before you git yourself into trouble.”
Allen, renewed by hope, placed his prize delicately on the cot and kissed her forehead. “Who is this priestess? She’s stronger than Rachel? Nobody’s stronger than Rachel.”
Auntie cackled, “And you’re here to keep her human, to keep the vampire from eating us? Mon dieu! Not too bright, eh? Just keep watch and don’t let them stomp her like a cockroach. Keep watch and don’t let her eat us!” Finally Auntie added, a bit sadly, “Yes, there is a stronger priestess than Rachel. I’ve seen her with my own eyes. Now, finding her, mon cheri, that is the trick.” 
Allen tucked Angelina under thin white cotton sheets. He kissed her fully on the lips and asked, “Do you still love me?”
Angelina would’ve given anything to respond; she could only hope that he read the answer in her eyes. 
“I’m glad you didn’t die last night,” he said, and kissed her again.
“Careful,” Auntie cautioned. “We ain’t found the priestess yet. Best to keep your distance before you end up a snack!” She cackled again and nearly shoved Allen out of the room. “You supposed to save us, who gonna save you? C’mon, young man, help me git this house clean. You can start by emptying that there tub.” 
Angelina was alone with her hunger. Allen’s skin, aroma, kisses were all as tantalizing as a slab of hickory-smoked beef. Lord, she had so desperately wanted to take a sip of his blood while he had admitted his love. 
She didn’t need to adjust her vision to the darkness; she could see the entire room clearly. She concentrated her gaze on a simple and tiny cross that hovered on the ceiling just above her bed. Yes, she loved Allen, but she prayed for César. 
* * *
Apparently, deep sleep was something that could be enjoyed only by humans. Angelina closed her eyes, but some part of her remained alert and aware. She didn’t grow weary, so she didn’t need deep sleep to replenish her, but missed the sensation of nothingness, and she missed having dreams. 
She was aware that she straddled life and death as easily as Old Moses straddled his horse, and perhaps this was why her existence had a dreamlike quality where nothing seemed truly real and where she sleepwalked through her days. Angelina would’ve given anything to stop feeling like a stranger in her own skin. During that long ride to the bayou, she had somehow shed one of the remaining slivers of her humanity. Some of her bodily functions had stopped. Like a corpse, she no longer sweated or urinated or defecated. What continued to remind her of her humanity was her unnaturally slow and rhythmic heartbeat. 
Auntie was a tedious companion, speaking desperately of locating the priestess. She mixed many potions on her black wood-burning stove to induce the priestess to visit them in the bayou. In desperation, she began insisting on late-night ceremonies where chants and offerings were performed to invoke the presence of this powerful priestess. On those evenings, as Angelina nursed a bland bowl of beef blood made palpable by Cajun spices, she anxiously listened to the drumbeats. Only Allen guarded her during ceremonies that seemed to serve as distress calls. Throughout these late evenings she and Allen were too apprehensive and too hopeful to utter a sound. They knew, and Auntie probably sensed, that Angelina was running out of time.
What if the priestess didn’t come? 
Her will weakened and each day the hunger became harder to control and each night she edged closer to losing another slice of humanity. She couldn’t continue drinking beef or pig blood when she knew how human blood sated her so sweetly and gave her such orgasmic pleasure. Her only other option was death, which had to be better than this murderous and emotionless sleepwalk.
The evenings when the ceremonies were performed were the worst because they began so bloated with hope. Yet there was never a day where this powerful deity showed up to submerge Angelina’s lethal or suicidal tendencies. And Angelina wasn’t the only one who started to wonder if such a powerful priestess existed. Still, it was Auntie’s persistent determination that kept them all from totally losing hope.
Their days in the bayou evolved into a caustic routine as they waited. Auntie began her mornings cooking up breakfast and potions. The farmers busied themselves by adding to the shanty, or making repairs, or venturing into the city to call home or make purchases. 
Angelina unsettled everyone by staying inside and watching them with an anxious and greedy expression. Her hungry leers kept the farmers on edge and when the nights were unseasonably warm, most of them opted to take their chances by sleeping outside with the snakes and gators. As the fall days waned, the men grew petulant and more vocal. They were in hell in Louisiana and they longed to return to Virginia, to their families and their crops. Back home, they had warm beds and warm bodies waiting for them. Back home, they had a chance to escape their nightmares. 
On some late evenings when the shanty was quiet, the farmers lit up their smokes, drank too much shine, and played rowdy hands of poker. Bravery, induced by a few hearty swigs of moonshine, loosened tongues; discussion and cussing revolved around the old days. Some of the reminisces were funny and heartwarming, like Stokes’ courtship of his wife and his future mother-in-law’s determination to keep her unwed daughter pure, or the year Jimmy Kane lost his barn and his crops in a lightning fire. His church family, his clan, had given him an old-fashioned barn-raising and funded the family for an entire year. 
Angelina, when human, had rarely noticed these old men who average more than thirty years, but listening to their lives now as they cheated at poker and gin, she knew them as individuals—proud and family oriented, and oh God, she knew them as blood bags too. While she lay across her tiny cot in her tiny room, she could hear each spoken syllable and imagined piercing each rugged farmer with her sharp white teeth. 
Tonight, nestled with the urgency of her hunger, was a curious desire to have someone reminisce about the fires that had forced them to leave New Orleans. Unlike Allen, she wasn’t afraid to hear about the fire. That may have been because Allen had his memory of that night and she had only glimpses of what had occurred. All her images of that night centered on Rachel and the mingling odors of blood, soot, and burning wood. 
If she were forced to call up her clearest and earliest memory of that night, then she automatically remembered the hideous sounds of breaking glass. Lying on the cot, listening to the men talk, that’s exactly what she remembered; the harsh sound as a rock shattered their bedroom window. 
She remembered being startled. Eight-year-old Angelina had wanted to climb out of bed to investigate, but Rachel, who shared the room with her, slid into Angelina’s bed and hugged her as the sounds of shouting men grew loud and encircled their farmhouse. Amid the commotion, a loud crack quaked the house. The door to their home had been broken open. 
Her mother had slipped into their dark bedroom, and tried to reassure them. During her remembrances, Angelina could never quite see her face. She and Rachel were hustled out of the bedroom as voices roared up the stairs in a hot and angry wave. She had heard her father shout back. Then came the definite click of his favorite rifle followed by the paralyzing sound of a shotgun blast. He had been able to fire off another shot before the anger, like a living thing, had grown louder and rougher until the gun and her father had both been silenced. Quickly, their mother had led the girls down the narrow hall and into their parents’ bedroom. She had opened the closet door, and then opened a hidden trapdoor in the closet floor. She and Rachel had slipped into the musty, dark hole and their mother hurriedly closed the door over their heads. 
Rachel had hugged her, hugged her tight, and whispered that she could not make a sound. Then she heard their mother’s screams from a far-off place, and if Rachel hadn’t clamped a sweaty hand over her mouth, Angelina would’ve screamed too. Rachel was brave, even then, and had held onto Angelina and told her to be quiet and tempered her entreaties with, my Angel. She had pled, “Be quiet, my Angel” or “Don’t move, my Angel.” 
Angelina had clutched her sister and felt her heated fear through her cotton nightgown when the angry voices thundered up the stairs. They would hurt them and make them scream as they had made their parents scream. This time Angelina hadn’t needed Rachel to tell her to be quiet or not to move. This time her fear had turned her to stone as she looked up through a crack in the dark crawlspace and waited for a monster to open it up and yank them out by their hair. Frustrated perhaps because the sisters couldn’t be located, the men started destroying the house. Then Angelina felt Rachel think that those men were going to pay that night. 
After an eternity, the mob had left the house whooping loudly with raucous cheers of victory. Although the sisters had heard them drive off, they had been too afraid to leave the safety of their hiding space. They probably would’ve stayed hidden forever if they hadn’t heard a lone set of lighter and less-hurried footsteps invade the quiet of their sanctuary. The footsteps had walked directly to the crawlspace, and without hesitation, Rachel had pushed open the crawlspace door as if she recognized the light and careful tread. 
Rachel had shouted, “Auntie!” 
After seeing the white-haired old woman embrace her sobbing protégé, Angelina had almost no memory. Snatches of gossip filled in some of the holes. She knew that Rachel had spared most of the others from the mob by causing the fires. This feat fried some of the leaders and turned the dissenters’ homes and crops into soot. That night had started with broken glass and had ended with a firestorm. Rachel’s tit-for-tat act was powerful enough to buy the shell-shocked survivors enough time to gather what they could and follow the fifteen-year-old priestess to Virginia. 
After a decade, the pain of that night continued to burn as brightly as the fires that had spared them. Each night in the dilapidated shanty, as the old men gambled and drank, the flight from New Orleans was a carefully avoided topic, as carefully avoided as the mention of César’s name. 
Angelina had always been an impatient young girl, but she found that she was a patient vampire. She didn’t need to wait that long. On a cool November evening, Auntie had gone to bed early spitting her usual frustrations at the resolve of the elusive priestess. Minutes after Auntie had retired, and as Angelina lay on the uncomfortable cot with her hands folded over her breasts in a corpse-like repose, she heard the gambling and drinking flourish. The smell of cigar and cigarette smoke wafted into her room as idle chatter rose to an animated crescendo. This night, Roscoe dared blurt again his contempt for their situation. What was different was that he insisted the vampire whore wanted to eat him; he could tell by the way she stared at him. 
Angelina’s eyes fluttered opened. Noble Allen protested and defended her honor. Roscoe, twice Allen’s age, silenced the young man by attacking his divided loyalties. Toby tried to step in and champion his brother, but Allen remarked that he was old enough to settle his own disagreements. Angelina smirked with cool confidence in Allen until Roscoe rubbed tender a fresh injury. He remarked that he had been on the beach too and had seen how the whore couldn’t get enough of that slick nigger. No virgin acted like that! 
Allen snapped. The men scuffled. Angelina heard punches land. The card table and chairs were overturned. She heard the other men betting on the winner. After several intense minutes, Angelina caught a whiff of human blood, God help her, the aroma was heaven-sent, but it wasn’t Allen’s. Then there was a solid and defining thud that shook the house. 
Angelina squirmed under her immediate desire to leave the room and tend to her knight. But she had been wrong; Allen had knocked Roscoe to the ground. Only Roscoe’s wounded belligerence kept her on the cot. Finally, Toby insisted that everyone calm down. Roscoe chastised the brothers and assured them Allen’s victory didn’t prove he was wrong. His true disdain, naturally, was reserved for the whore, Angelina. Everyone, he claimed, knew the priestess had the good sense not to help a vampire tramp! More men got involved in the argument as they again chose sides. 
Repeatedly, Toby dispensed cool reason until his rationale was answered with the up-righted rickety card table and chairs. The game resumed with one exception. The front door opened, Allen swore under his breath, and slammed the door shut as he left. Cigars were relit and shine was poured. 
Angelina’s thoughts drifted until Roscoe chewed, “All Emily had to do was give them what they wanted. If the Trinitys wanted to share the power then Emily Thrust should’ve let them have some of it.”
Angelina stopped breathing. Emily Thrust. He was talking about her mother. For the first time in years, Angelina saw her face as she hid them in the crawlspace. She had such a kind face, and that night it had been streaked with tears.
Someone, Rusty perhaps, begged, “Man, have a drink and let it go.”
“…that fight didn’t have anything to do with us, but my mother-in-law followed Emily and that meant my wife followed Emily.”
Someone else tried to shush him, but Roscoe was tired of being afraid and since they’d crossed the Louisiana border, fear was the only seasoning he tasted. Sweet moonshine couldn’t wash away his fear of New Orleans or the desirable evil in the backroom. He had an audience now and they listened greedily as he ranted. 
Roscoe slurred, “I say the Trinitys had every right to want to lead. Sometimes a change in leadership can be a good thing. Emily and Hank should’ve given them a shot. No? So what happens, they get themselves lynched. Colored folks blame everything on the Klan, but we knew better. When they killed Emily and Hank, we should’ve known they’d be coming after us for not following them in the first place…”
“But they were wrong, Roscoe,” asserted Toby, no longer the lone voice of reason. “We ain’t ever handled a problem with blood before. And murder? We ain’t that kind of people. They went about it all wrong. Weren’t nothing but greed that made then do what they did to Emily. We’re simple folk. They were talking about bringing us into the twentieth century, but what they wanted us to do—hurt people just to have more things? That was crazy talk, mean talk. Our ways are different, but we follow God and Jesus Christ.”
Roscoe was persistent in his rage, “God and Jesus Christ ain’t got nothing to do with what is in that room right now! I know I’m not the only one who’s thinking they found us in Virginia and set that vampire on them sisters. And where the hell are we? Right back in New Orleans, right back in the spider’s web, this had to be their plan. C’mon now! Why couldn’t that crazy woman come up to Virginia?”
“Auntie never leaves her bayou!” someone said. This too was a drunken slur. “You know that. And you can say what you want, old man; I was there when she and Rachel whipped up those fires. Emily was good, but Rachel, now she is a priestess! After what they had done to her folks, she lit up all those people and all those houses. She bought us time.” 
There was a unifying round of “AMEN.” Then another voice chimed in, “She did give us some time to get out of town. I know you scared man, but we’re all scared.” A card was laid down, bets were made, and Roscoe quieted. 
Finally, Toby confided, in a shine-soaked voice, “I just hope this other priestess shows up soon. She got to be something if Rachel needs her to work the magic.” 
Angelina’s head hurt as a new memory sliced through her brain like a gleaning blade. Her beautiful face twisted into a mask of torment. The memories started again with the sharp sounds of breaking glass followed by rabid shouts and the door splintering open. Then one shotgun blast and then another. Again she remembered running with chaotic fear, this time she had the sweet image of her mother’s frightened face, before sinking with Rachel into the enveloping darkness. Suddenly an insignificant, but new memory inserted itself with a slash of pain; she remembered clutching her ragdoll. 
“No,” Angelina whispered in the darkness. She didn’t want to remember, but the fragments continued to reveal themselves like scenes at a picture show. 
Angelina wept, as incredible as that seemed, and placed her hand over her heart to keep the hurt inside while she forcibly relived each horrific moment. She clamped her hands over her mouth as she exploded into sobs. 
Rachel, she now remembered, had worn a veil of pure hatred as Auntie had led them out of their house. Clutching onto her older sister, Angelina saw where every piece of furniture had been destroyed. Pictures and paintings had been removed from the walls and smashed. She had to tiptoe lightly over broken glass and bits of wooden furnishings where twisted nails were exposed like tiny spikes. 
 Auntie had led them on a little march across the field. The night had been cool. Angelina remembered how the moonlight had at first bathed Rachel then shone the hatred that flickered in her eyes like a fire. She remembered how Auntie had stood behind her sister and softly guided her rage. 
She also remembered something else, something almost as insignificant as clutching her doll. Angelina remembered how she had tried to act as a big girl in the face of such horrific losses, but she had been so scared. While holding tightly to her dolly, she had slid her hand into Rachel’s. Her skin tingled as their eyes and fingers had locked. At once, she had experienced the exhilarating rush of Rachel’s power. Energy crackled through their hands like bolts of lightning. The intensity had been so great that Angelina thought her skin would peel off. Admittedly that was the first and last time she had been truly afraid of Rachel. 
When Angelina finally managed to regain a semblance of her wits, Roscoe’s words lassoed her with a kernel of common sense. What if her encounter with César at a Second Street café hadn’t been happenstance, but part of a plot? A tear slid down the side of her face as she whispered, softly, “I knew that he never loved me.”
“Bonjour!” Auntie announced, and Angelina thought it strange that she hadn’t been aware of the dawn. “Interesting night, eh? All that fighting?” Auntie produced a chipped bowl of warm beef blood. Without a shred of daintiness, Angelina grabbed the bowl and greedily slopped the spiced blood down. 
This morning Auntie appeared spry and sly. Angelina was automatically cautioned by her open demeanor. She could never tell when she held the fire powder in those gnarled hands. Carefully she handed Auntie the empty bowl and rose hesitantly off the bed. 
“What’s the matter, child?” Auntie cooed, “Do you feel different this morning?”
Angelina lowered her head, “I’m ashamed of what I’ve become.”
Auntie pooh-poohed, dryly, “Ain’t your fault. You were a young girl who fell in love unwisely. Me, I’ve got my own stories to tell on that! But mayhap it’s something else? You heard the men argue last night?”
Angelina sobbed suddenly as fat droplets cascaded down her cheeks. “How could they do that to my mom and dad? And they would’ve killed me and Rachel too. We were only little kids. And César, did they sic him on us, on me?” She blurted, incredulously, “He never loved me? It was all a trick? I’m the way I am because of fighting among my own people? I wish Rachel had let me die that night.”
Auntie stared at Angelina with a wide-eyed expression. “You’re crying?”
Angelina repeated, softly, “He never loved me?”
Auntie touched her skin with a soft caress. “How do you feel, child?”
Angelina stared at her a little bewildered. “What?”
Auntie further intruded by placing her hand over Angelina’s left breast and smiled at the response. “A little slow, yes, but it is much stronger than yesterday.” Auntie stroked her dark hair and asked, “Would you like some more blood? Did you sleep well last night?”
Angelina bawled so loudly now that she barely heard the old woman’s words. Allen, wrapped in the aroma of grits and bacon, rushed into the room and stared at Angelina with raw amazement. He asked Auntie, “What did you do? Did the priestess show up?”
Angelina reined in her grief. She didn’t want Allen to know that she cried for César. She slid into his arms easily and placed her head on his shoulder. He was, after all, her champion. 
Auntie rudely pulled them apart, and demanded quite passionately, “Child, would you like some more blood?”
Angelina heard the question and then her eyes widened in delightful surprise. “No, ma’am, I’m full.” She was shocked. “I can’t believe it!”
Auntie asked, carefully and quite slowly, “How did you sleep last night?”
Angelina shook her head amazed, “You just woke me up. I couldn’t believe it was morning already. Oh my God! What happened? Did the priestess work her magic?”
“In a way,” she admitted. “I heard the men fighting last night, and I was going to stop it, but I felt something too,” she said, turning to Angelina. “I try and I try to slip potions into your food to awaken the priestess in you, but ah, nothing. Then memories awaken the priestess. Your gifts have been mostly dead since you helped your sister call up those fires. Mayhap then it was too much power for such a small babe, but you remembered that power last night. You remembered and you called it up the moment you remembered your ma’s face. Foolish woman that I am thinking a potion could unlock you. Wasted too much time.”
Angelina was dumbfounded, “What? The priestess you were waiting for was me? Why couldn’t you tell me?”
Allen was just as exasperated, “We could’ve done this back home!”
Auntie snapped, Mon dieu! Don’t tell me my business!” She stabbed a crooked finger at Angelina, “Would you have believed me?” Then she poked Allen’s chest, “Finding the priestess is one thing, but teaching her is another. Takes time and skill. Now, let’s stop this arguing! Too much arguing in this house! Let’s celebrate, we’ve found the priestess!”
Chapter 6
César’s Turned

The priestess’s presence allowed Angelina to easily mimic basic human behaviors, while her agonies as an insatiable vampire slowly subsided. Seeing her transformation, the farmers’ apprehensions gradually melted. They knew that finally getting home was more than an obscure dream. Even Auntie was delighted because hopeful farmers worked harder. She used their good spirits, and the money Rachel sent, to persuade them to enlarge and fortify her home, and then to move and expand her outhouse. After all that work was done, she had enough money left over for some store-bought furniture. Once upon a time she refused charity from Rachel, but now she saw Rachel’s money as payment for teaching Angelina how to direct her gifts. 
Under Auntie’s cantankerous tutelage, the priestess began to channel the gifts of her ancestry until gradually these abilities allowed her to sleep and dream, and more importantly, to eat food. Still, she needed fresh blood to be completely sated. She began to excrete and sweat and function like a human. Yet, Angelina considered the return of her reasoning as the greatest gift the priestess had granted. It was this gift that muted her obsession for César and crystallized her love for Allen. 
But she was still a vampire, and there were moments where she really had to concentrate to keep her monster leashed. She could never predict what would rile her unnatural impulses, so she remained cautious and alert and at times emotionally distant. With her renewed humanity, she had dared to test and then embraced the sunlight. Her very first bath in the exquisite hues of a sunrise had given her such a warm delight that she had wept like a newborn in gratitude. Now, her mornings righteously began before dawn so that she could see the golden colors fill up the sky to make even the bayou look brand new. 
And she did love her bayou. She could only think of the place as home, despite the bizarre creatures, eternally moist terrain, and rancid smells. For hours she wandered the bayou, or simply spent those hours looking upon the shanty as the sunlight showered the tin roof, slate-gray walls, and resurrected brick chimney with a myriad of golden tones. In actuality, the shanty was a dressed-up testimony to decay and poverty, but to Angelina, it was now the home of her rebirth. Within those thin walls, the farmers were once again like kin, while her renewed love for Allen also coaxed her ever closer to humanity. 
Most mornings, after dawn, she and Allen gingerly navigated a rickety old footbridge to cross the swamp and the bald cypress trees that surrounded Auntie’s isolated home. On the other side of the footbridge was a path that led through more dense woods. At first, Allen complained loudly about the damp cold, the bug bites, and the rank swamp odors. He was forever watchful of gators that quite easily blended with the topography. Angelina couldn’t digest his complaints. She was never cold, the swamp odors had no effect, and quite plainly and painfully, bloodsucking bugs the size of her fists never tried to pierce her skin. She wondered if they recognized their own kind. The animals, including deadly snakes and hungry-eyed gators, scurried to get out of her path. During these outings, she was reminded that no matter how much she wished otherwise, she wasn’t human. Allen, forever observant and devoted, saw this too and stopped complaining. 
Although the priestess’ power tried to reestablish some remnants of her humanity, that power also created an odd side-effect. There were nights where Angelina wished she still didn’t dream because when she did, she dreamt, with obscene clarity, that she wandered her home in Virginia like an aimless spirit. She was deeply homesick, and she missed her Rach. Maybe that was why her dreams were now so uncannily real. How else could she explain actually smelling the apple cider, or feeling the warmth from the dying embers in the fireplace? When she wandered through the dream farmhouse, she inevitably climbed the carpeted stairs and would always find herself facing Rachel’s bedroom door. Her hand touched the cold doorknob, and turned it gently. In the canopy bed, Rachel’s slight form curved into a crescent under layers of patchwork quilts. In the black darkness, she hovered over her sleeping sister and watched as Rachel dreamt. Her heart would explode with such longing that she seemed to float there forever. At times the grandfather clock in the drawing room would chime the hour and, mingled with the residual odors from the evening’s supper, Angelina would swear that she was actually back home. The homesickness would gnaw at her guts until she was forced to release her grief as desperate haunting wails. 
On those occasions she would awaken from her nightmare to find Auntie holding up a candle and examining her face. In her simple cotton nightgown and with her white braids extended from a colorful bandana, Auntie’s normally unreadable features would often be etched with concern. “Such a beauty,” she would cluck, before she shuffled back to her own bedroom, “Such a power.” 
Those dreams always haunted Angelina with the passion to return home. But she could tell by her progress, and Auntie’s exasperations, that her lessons weren’t over. Gradually she began to act as a priestess. Auntie’s clientele had heard rumors that it was now safe to venture back for readings. The desperate souls braved the trek to the bayou despite the gossip that true evil now resided there. Her clients didn’t seem to care if the Devil himself lived with Auntie as long as she could help them turn around their bad fortunes. 
Auntie, using worn tarot cards, held readings in her newly decorated living room. She had converted the card table with a simple black satin tablecloth and sat opposite her client as she flipped each card and revealed the message. The cards told her how she needed to guide her clients so they could resolve their pain. Yet, there were times in the middle of a reading where Auntie had to excuse herself to consult her pupil. 
Angelina, hidden in her bedroom, didn’t need the cards to interpret their torn lives. How easily she read complete strangers while she somehow missed the tragedies of the people she loved. Usually Angelina would simply gaze at an individual, shake her head, or offer up a tsk-tsk in pity. With virtually no effort, she would whisper what she saw and felt to the old woman. Yes, there were times when nothing could be done, when death was near or money woes were too much to be contained, but usually Angelina merely confirmed Auntie’s assessment. Then there were those hopeful instances where Angelina saw an image, a different path, and suggested advice to Auntie who relayed the same advice to her clients. 
Only once, Auntie had remarked, “You’re just like Emily.”
To Angelina, those words were extraordinarily high praise.
Rumors of Auntie’s accuracies increased her clientele. For a token fee, Auntie offered advice, protection charms, and good old common sense. But only after she tended to all her clients did she refocus her efforts on teaching Angelina how to control her unnatural abilities. 
At first, when threatened, her dead-eyed vampire surfaced quite easily. During those early lessons, a frightened Auntie was often forced to conclude her instructions by flinging the paralyzing powder into Angelina’s snarling face. Angelina had never been able to discover what subtle thing she did had warned Auntie and gave her away. Gradually, she was forced to gain control by recognizing the onset of her vampire tendencies before they turned threatening, and then she was able to call up her gifts in time to tame her monster. After much practice this maneuver started to work without any concentrated effort. 
Still her frustrations were wrapped around the cleaving of her identity. Who was she? She seemed to be priestess one moment, vampire the next. But she had been only Angelina before. And she only wanted to be Angelina now.
Delusions of returning to her former life ended on a gloriously warm Thanksgiving eve. That afternoon Auntie stood over her stove, stirring in spices to the crawdad gumbo she lovingly prepared for her impromptu family. She hummed as she stirred and then she broke out in a full-fledged Negro spiritual. Auntie had a strong voice and, despite herself, Angelina sang the chorus with her. 
She was in the back bedroom, singing and perusing a worn Life magazine until their joyful noises were interrupted by a series of heavily measured knocks on the front door. At once, Angelina was struck by a sense of foreboding. She jumped up to see who would intrude this day for advice. Auntie wiped her hands on her white apron and cast a wary glare at Angelina. When she didn’t get the obvious hint, the old woman then shooed her back into her bedroom. Angelina kept the door opened a crack and watched as Auntie admitted a tall, elegantly dressed middle-aged man into her home. He quickly apologized for the intrusion, but begged for an audience, while at the same time he doffed his fancy fedora and edged into the shanty with slippery insistence. 
The women were alone. The men were in the city gathering supplies and calling loved ones. Angelina tried to ignore the burden she had placed on them, as she now spied the dapper stranger who cast furtive glances in her direction.  
She saw him, but she sensed him too, sensed as anyone could sense another in a dark and seemingly empty room. Although she could hear his beating heart, his heartbeats seemed to pulsate faster than humanly possible. With his head hung low, he pleaded with Auntie to find his missing daughter. Outwardly he appeared to be quite distraught, but to Angelina the words that slipped from his thick lips were unemotional lies. 
She thought to shut her door, but couldn’t. Too many unnerving things had been happening lately, and she was on edge. Worse, she was still haunted by the nightmare she had survived the previous night. Maybe these sensations were just a lingering effect of that nightmare? 
Last night she had dreamt of returning home, but this time no one had been asleep. She had wandered through familiar and well-lit rooms like an observant and homesick ghost until she found her Rach holding court in the drawing room. A vicious brawl had occurred. Furniture had been flung in chaotic disarray as if a tornado had touched down in the center of the room and had torn everything asunder. A group of eight men, heaving for breath, and bleeding from small injuries, surrounded Old Moses who had been hogtied to a sturdy ladder-back chair. 
Her surrogate grandpa, the kindest, sweetest person in Virginia, held a vague resemblance to the crazed-eyed snarling thing that had boldly taunted and challenged Rachel. Angelina had prayed to God to awaken her right then, but He had continued to allow the nightmare, or the vision? She had stared helplessly as Old Moses’ dead eyes betrayed a sly cunning he had never possessed in life. Subdued by a thick cross that had been roped around his neck, he had snarled and snapped like some feral and rabid animal. 
Convinced that she was unable to awaken from this nightmare, Angelina had floated behind Rachel. She saw a thick wedge of oak, honed to a fine point, and gripped like a weapon behind her back. Angelina relived, with uncannily vibrant flashes, how Old Moses’ grandfatherly touch had soothed skinned knees and brushed dirt from her coveralls. He had always been a little slow, but she remembered how he used to doctor her dolls until they were like new. 
 Unlike the men who had trapped him but avoided his direct gaze, Rachel stood over Old Moses, and demanded, “What did you tell him?”
Him? César? 
Instantly jolted by the totality of what had happened to Old Moses, Angelina had read him as easily as she read Auntie’s clients. She had seen images of how César had trapped the terrified old man and then fed on his blood and his fear. He had deliberately turned her beloved Old Moses into this hapless creature. After having seen César’s handsome face, even as someone else’s memory, she had struggled to regain her composure, but she had been stabbed with a longing that was akin to raw, boundless hunger.
Old Moses had leered as he boasted, “I told him what I heard, that you hid her in New Orleans with that old witch woman in the swamps.” 
Hearing that betrayal from his taunting lips had forced a startled gasp from her lips. At her sound, Rachel had straightened up and turned around in a swift and fluid motion. Her brows knitted as she seemed to concentrate. Then her brown eyes gazed directly into Angelina’s. She said, softly, “You weren’t meant to see this, my Angel.”
Stunned, Angelina had stammered, “R-R-Rachel, you can see me?”
The men started mumbling and even Old Moses had seemed baffled as Rachel appeared to chat with empty space, “I can usually tell when you’ve been here, but you need to wake up now.”
“This can’t be real,” Angelina had cried, “…César wouldn’t be so cruel.”
Rachel reached forward to comfort her and then she understood that she couldn’t, but she had sadly confided, “Three of our virtuous girls disappeared. We realized instantly the demon had plucked them. I guess those poor girls couldn’t tell him what he needed to know. Then yesterday I found Old Moses eavesdropping in the root cellar. I’d been too worried about the missing girls to pay attention, but we had our hands full stopping them and saving their families. I’m a dunce. I just didn’t notice when he’d stopped doing his chores.” Brave Rachel had begun to sob, “Angel, you know how that sweet old man was as regular as clockwork? What am I going to do without him?” Then she shouted, “And to turn him into this mockery!”
Angelina, overcome by guilt, had wanted to console her sister. She could see how recent trauma had cut worry into Rachel’s face and grayed the hair around her temples. She had aged beyond her scant twenty-five years. Then Angelina found comfort in reminding herself that she was simply having a nightmare and nothing more. 
Dream Rachel had complained, “That demon is clever, and I wised up too late to save all but a few of those poor souls.” Then she added solemnly, “We were forced to give five of our people a peaceful death. We will have to do the same to this poor creature. I wish you didn’t have to see him like this…I know how much he meant to you. But our Moses is dead.”
Then as fast and as deadly as a lightning strike, Rachel had raised the wood shard and buried the weapon in the snared vampire’s chest. Old Moses opened his cavernous mouth and belched a bloodied scream as his dead-white eyes rolled in his head like marbles.
Angelina had screamed too as his death became her death. Gushes of blood had spewed from his chest while he had bucked against his bindings. Angelina had clapped her hands over her ears to silence his guttural howls. Her eyes had been riveted to the cross that hung across his chest. She had watched, in horror, as his blood washed over the intricate ironwork. She had prayed again to wake up as she heaved the Lord’s Prayer while Old Moses monstrous pain-filled cries echoed in her ears. 
When she awakened, the lingering image of the wood spiked into Old Moses’ chest permeated her golden morning. All she could see was the wood, and the iron cross drenched with squirting blood. All she could hear were his agonizing cries. With a heart swollen with foreboding, Angelina had pleaded with the men as they departed that morning to call home and wish Old Moses a Happy Thanksgiving. 
Please, God, no more. 
Even as she had tried to pretend her odd request was just that, a jovial but odd request, the men had regarded her with obliging servitude. She could see they were starting to consider her with the same respect they willingly offered to Rachel.
Angelina had watched as the men silently, too silently, crossed the footbridge and piled into their autos. Not one of them, she noticed, uttered a word after she had made that uncharacteristic request. 
And now this giant had invaded their privacy. 
With sophisticated guile, he spun his woe as he begged for guidance from a reading, just a moment of dear Auntie’s time, to calm his mind. He oozed debonair charisma as he slid out of his coat and handed over his fedora. Relieved of his outer garments, he politely asked permission to join Auntie at her table.
Auntie relented and Angelina watched as the old woman’s nimble and dutiful fingers shuffled the cards. She noticed too that Auntie’s shuffling was a little more labored than usual. Intuitively, Angelina felt that Auntie sensed something was amiss.
In her rational fear, Angelina silently spoke to the old woman, Auntie, she thought, can you hear me? Please get up and get away. He means to kill you. 
Auntie stopped shuffling immediately. She raised her fist and coughed. “Mon dieu!” Then she coughed again, dryly, “Mon dieu,” she repeated. “Excusez moi, I have get some tea to clear my throat. Would you care for some?”
Without waiting for his response, the old woman rose, and as she stood so did he, but his manner threatened as he loomed over her and his pleasant smile broadened, unpleasantly. His lips pulled back until his grin turned into an angry, hungry grimace. He leaned on the table by rolling forward on his knuckles as thick saliva dripped from the upturned corners of his lips. To protect Auntie, the diminutive eighteen-year-old quickly floated into the room and positioned herself between them. Almost instantly, she realized that she had been provoked and that her action had been a mistake. 
Pleased with his cunning, he chortled. With a creepy return to diplomatic charm, he quickly donned his coat and fedora, and announced, “It was nice meeting both of you.”
Angelina was immediately troubled by a cascade of unwanted images that hammered her with the viciousness of blows to her face. In life, he had been a businessman. But that successful life had ended unnaturally when his young daughter had disappeared and then reappeared days later without explanation. The night of her reappearance, just before thin ribbons of sunlight had stretched across the horizon, she had given her bewildered daddy a special embrace. Now he was a soulless shell serving a vengeful demon. In this being, through him, around him, Angelina sensed César’s will. And because of what he had done to her people, to her Old Moses, she wanted no part of him. 
Absorbing the stranger’s memories left her frightened and weakened, but she realized this pretender couldn’t leave the shanty. Even the priestess relented to her vampire as a ferocious coldness filled her veins. Her gums itched as her canine teeth extended, and at the same time, the appearance of the room lightened as her eyes turned a dead white. 
 The stranger made for the door, but with vampire swiftness Angelina reached the door first. She asked in a softly hypnotic and detached tone, “He thinks I’m here, but he isn’t sure?” 
Cornered, the stranger sincerely smiled and delivered a hard blow to Angelina’s stomach. Auntie screamed at the abrupt violence. Angelina regarded him in amazement as she folded over the blow, but her action had only been reflexive. The stranger tried to shove her from the door, but Angelina was rooted to the spot. She grabbed his wrists and threw him to the floor. They were both amazed.
 Undaunted, he meant to deliver his message. He flashed his perfect smile, but there was only malevolence and then fear in his grin as he struggled to rise. Angelina quickly straddled him, drew back her dainty fist, and drove her rage into his skin, muscle, and bone. Her blows cleaved his skin and opened up rivers of blood. The aroma of fresh blood opened up her nostrils and filled her mind with lusty fury. She turned into an angry, hungry thing as she pounded his face into the wooden floor and his blood and bone and then finally brain rained on her. In the distance, she heard Auntie beg her to stop, but the bloodlust had melted her humanity like warm tears. When his head was little more than a mixture of raw meat and bone, Angelina thought to drink his blood while it was still warm, still fresh. She only wanted to sample this orgasmic delight, but just as Auntie had taught, the will of the priestess rose up like nausea and quickly diminished her unnatural instincts. 
Auntie had crept up behind her, had unfolded her gnarled hands and was positioned to blow a cloud of powder into her face when Angelina confided, “You don’t have to do that, Auntie. I’m all right now.”
Angelina dismounted the dead man and turned away in disgust. She deadpanned, “I don’t know what came over me.” She was covered in blood, and while a part of her recoiled, another part of her wanted to lick her fingers. “We have to leave. César is in New Orleans. I was praying that my nightmare was just that…but I think Old Moses is dead.”
Auntie’s eyes were round with shock and fear. Then her eyes glazed over as she stared down at the corpse spread-eagle across her floor like a bearskin rug. The odor of blood permeated the scent of the crab and crawdad gumbo stewing on the stove. Finally her gaze found Angelina, and she mumbled, “You saved my life.”
“I couldn’t let you die because of me. I love you.”
Auntie smiled. “I know, child.” Then she asked, “You called up the priestess?”
“She came without the calling.”
“Bonne. Good.”
Angelina added, “We won’t be able to leave tonight. The night will be on us too quick.” She had to ask, “I was right? Those weren’t dreams, were they? Whenever I used to wake and find you staring down at me?”
Auntie sighed, heavily, and admitted, “Mais non, they weren’t dreams.”
Angelina began to sob freely, “Why did he have to take Old Moses? Why is he after me?”
Auntie argued, frankly, “How is he different from any other man? He wants what was taken away from him, what he knows he can’t have. We’re wasting time. He will be waiting for an answer from his messenger.”
Then deftly and deceptively, Auntie unfolded her arthritic left hand and blew powdered fire into Angelina’s startled face. Without any grace at all, she sank in a heap on top of her victim. Her muscles stiffened. She could move only her eyes and breathe. Feeling betrayed, she held her rigor mortis pose while Auntie knelt beside her and began to sob uncontrollably. “I’ve been so happy to have you all here,” the old woman cried. “You and Rachel are like my own children. I can’t save you this time. I just hope that I’ve given you enough.”
Angelina’s eyes leaked too. They both knew that César was too powerful. They also knew whatever happiness they had managed to achieve in the bayou was now gone.
The men returned from New Orleans just before sunset. A dead body, a frozen priestess, and a sobbing old woman flung them further into bickering chaos. Auntie was inconsolable as Allen picked up Angelina and hustled her into the back bedroom. In the privacy of her room, he stripped her of the bloody nightgown and slipped her into a clean one. 
Although she had no voice, in the waning sunlight, she was able to stare into his eyes. He was afraid, she could see that, but she could also taste his fear when he kissed her with quick desperation. 
He whispered, “We got news from home. It was bad news, but I think you know, don’t you? We picked up some chickens…” Then he snarled, “Jesus Christ, I can’t believe that bastard is tracking you!” He kissed her again, more urgently this time, before he joined the others in trying to comfort Auntie.
Angelina, stretched out on her cot like a corpse, heard their talk. After some tea, Auntie consulted her cards and then silently she consulted Angelina. Although she was sincerely terrified, the women were in agreement. Somehow, they had to survive the night and, if they lived long enough to embrace the sunrise, they needed to get back to Virginia. There, the three priestesses might be strong enough to defeat César. 
After sharing their plan with the men, Auntie, carrying a small candle, led Allen into the back bedroom. Angelina, they had all agreed, was still too unpredictable and too savage. Allen was obliged to bind her hands and feet to the bed with thick hemp that bit into her skin. Auntie fussed over her, combed the hair out of her eyes, and kissed her lovingly. 
I’m in control, Auntie. Please let me help, she silently begged.
Allen bound the rope around her waist and then dragged it under the bed before he secured her with a double slipknot. Silently, he reinforced the binding on her hands and feet to the tiny posts. Angelina didn’t have to be a priestess to know that he was reliving that night César had taken her virginity. This time, Angelina resolved not to feel ashamed. 
Allen tested the binding, and said, “I think that should do it.”
A couple of the farmers entered the room and plucked some of the crosses off the walls. They tested the durability of the boarded window and then secured the crosses to the window with thick nails. Like the atmosphere, like Allen, they were brisk and businesslike. The sounds of hammering echoed through the tiny house. Outside, Angelina caught a whiff of incense and heard the clucks of the sacrificial chickens. 
Auntie said, “I will get him lost, eh? That is the best I can do, but we will have to be out of here first thing in the morning. You can show me your Virginnie then, eh? It will be good to see my Rachel again.” She slipped her fingers through Angelina’s thick locks and kissed her forehead.
Allen waited for Auntie to leave the room. He knelt beside her in the growing darkness, to whisper in her ear, “You’re mine. Do you understand that? You belong to me. Once you’re better, we’ll get married.” Then he stammered, “You, uh, you do want to marry me?”
Angelina wished she could at least nod or blink or somehow let him know that she would love him forever. Without hesitation, he pressed his full, moist lips against hers. Then he added, huskily, “I don’t know, Angelina, seeing you all tied up like this makes me want you even more.” Quickly, quietly, he closed the bedroom door and left her cocooned in the inferno of his desire. 
Angelina scanned the dark bedroom with her vampire eyes. The incense was thick, the air was ominous, and she was afraid. She knew, just as Old Moses had known, that binding by rope was meaningless. She was strong, and she suspected that she was stronger than any man, and she wondered if Rachel had made her stronger even than César. 
She tried hard not to think about him. She tried hard not to remember his fingertips on her skin. Or the way his lips suckled her nipples. She didn’t want to remember his handsome face or how easily she gave in to his forceful kisses. In her heart, she had already betrayed Allen. Despite all the evil that César had done she craved to taste his lips just one more time.
Or did she feel that way because she was sensing him? Oh God, he felt so near.
Angelina was suddenly aware that despite his murderous rages, despite his turning Old Moses, and despite feeding on the innocent girls who eventually lost their natural and unnatural lives, she needed to join with him. She had to satisfy this immediate and decadent urge. Bound to the bed, she could only dream of pressing her pelvis against his, of melting from his massive hardness as he rode her with relentless abandon. She dreamt too of sinking her teeth in his throat and having his blood fill her mouth, warm and sweet like liquid candy. Lastly, she wanted to slip her fingers through his curly hair and hear his heavily accented voice utter his undying love.
In the soft blackness of the small bedroom, Angelina wept because her personality cleaved so completely as she struggled to understand her love for a monster when she knew that she truly loved Allen too. Who was she? What was she? 
As the long fingers of darkness stretched across the unseasonably warm sky and the night filled with the songs of fat-bellied toads, Angelina could hear Auntie anxiously flipping her cards while at the same time praying to God for guidance. Auntie, poor woman, had one of the Devil’s own residing in her house. What to do? How to save her child? Angelina easily read her, but when she tried to see through her eyes what the cards recommended, the old woman became aware of her intrusion. Angelina felt Auntie’s tinge of fear for a fleeting second and then the old woman blocked her out.
As the stars shimmered like diamonds on black satin, the air grew more pungent with the cloying scent of potions. The ceremony started with low drumbeats and the sacrifice of a chicken. The men chanted outside her bedroom window, and she heard Auntie’s rhythmic and desperate song to ward off the demon. Trapped in her body, the magic turned on her as the hypnotic pulse of the drumbeats scattered Angelina’s thoughts. 
The drumbeats grew louder and more provocative and the chants burrowed into Angelina’s brain like a crazed animal burrowing into soft earth. The pain was unyielding and endless, and she was as stiff as a statue so she had no choice but to survive the agony. Fluid leaked from her eyes and she knew by the aroma and consistency that she cried blood instead of tears. She tried to reach out to Auntie, to beg her to stop, but her path to Auntie was closed so she suffered in silence as her kin continued to drive her mad. But despite her internal chaos, she knew she truly sensed César. 
Distantly, she heard the wind howl as a sudden rain began to pound mercilessly on the tin roof. In the emerging gale, she heard his voice call out her name, and dear God, she was powerless to respond. The ritual resounded as if fortified. The chants vibrated with the renewed purpose of protecting her against the evil that hid in the storm. Both sides were fighting for her, but it wasn’t until Auntie begged their ancestors for help that her sense of him started to wane and then he seemed to disappear like a wisp of smoke. 
Angelina longed for mobility so that she could run after him, bare-assed if necessary, in the downpour. She hungered to touch him, to taste him. Then the sound of the drumbeats tightened the pain that constricted her brain. Finally and thankfully, Angelina passed out. 
Her eyelashes ached, and she was starving. Sunlight slipped in through the cracks of the boarded up window and hinted at a spectacular day. Angelina moved her fingers and thought to free herself of her bindings, but she didn’t. She listened to the bustling sounds outside her bedroom window and picked up snatches of conversations. Then her thoughts drifted to the madness that had taken hold of her hours earlier and she felt ashamed at how casually she had given up her weeks of training just to be with César. And what of the people he had murdered on her behalf? Angelina was smothered by her own disgrace. 
By the time Auntie and Allen visited her, hunger had torn a black hole in her guts. Silently, Allen cut away the ropes and Auntie offered her a fiery gumbo that contained raw chunks of beef and thick blood. Without uttering a word, they left her alone and bolted the door. Angelina realized that last night Auntie had read her as easily as a tarot card. Auntie wouldn’t have said anything to the others, but she would’ve confided in Allen. He knew? Her hunger evaporated as she flung herself across the bed and wept.
Although she was exhausted and overwhelmed by guilt, Angelina dried her tears and paced the tiny room. She prayed that she hadn’t lost Allen. In an inspirational moment, she raised her gaze and fixated on the cross nailed to the window. She freed it, nails included, quite easily. She plucked out the nails and held the cross against her left breast. She wondered if God heard her pleas for peace. When Auntie opened her door an hour later, Angelina was still on her knees in prayer.
Auntie sat on the bed. “That war inside of you gotta be something fierce.”
Angelina placed her head in Auntie’s lap and hugged her waist. “It is.”
Auntie said, “I have faith in the priestess.” Angelina looked up at her and silently accused her of lying. 
Auntie quickly lowered her gaze and spotted the full bowl of gumbo. “Aren’t you hungry?” 
This time Angelina looked right through her and reluctantly withdrew her embrace. She remarked, softly, “We both know that I don’t need human blood.”
Auntie snapped, “Child, it was just a simple question!”
“That’s not what your heart says. Your heart is telling me that I’m scaring you.” She stood indignantly.
Behind her, a calm voice said, “Well, what do you expect after last night?” 
Angelina couldn’t face him. “I love you,” she mumbled.
Allen pressed against her, his breathing hard and his heartbeat angry. “You love me? Whenever he is not around, you love me? I don’t need love like that. I don’t want love like that. I want you to be my wife, Angelina. You can’t have me and him. You decide now and you decide for that vampire in you. Because unlike the others, unlike Auntie, I believe that you can control yourself.”  He wrapped his arms around her waist and kissed the back of her head. He whispered, “I believe in you.”
This time it was Angelina’s heart that sped up, her breathing that became labored by emotions. “Allen, I…”
He interrupted, “Just answer this one question. Will you marry me?”
“Yes,” she said, without hesitation.
Allen grabbed her arms and held her, as Auntie arose in a single awkward motion and blew a cloud of white dust into her face. The powdered fire melted on her skin like snow but drifted up her nostrils and burned like lava. Paralyzed, Angelina fell back and she was forced to stare at the ceiling. 
Allen carried her like a babe and placed her gingerly on the bed. “I hate doing this to her. I know we don’t have a choice, but I hate doing it.”
Auntie quickly closed the door, and pulled up her nightgown. Allen shouted, indignantly, “What are you doing?”
Auntie, kneaded her stomach like dough, and said, “Making sure she doesn’t get to her sister the way she came to me. She hasn’t eaten so this time it won’t be so bad, but don’t go soft. You have to chain and padlock that coffin. She’s a lot stronger than she pretends! Oui, I did see that. And she moves like a moment. Oui, I did see that too. The priestess grows strong, but so does the vampire. Mon dieu, a frightening gift I’m giving my Rachel.” Then Auntie looked down at her, “Can’t always fool Auntie, eh, ma cherie?”
Angelina, who had no control over her own body, much less her bodily functions, was silently disgusted as her body responded to Auntie’s manipulations. After a few minutes, she urinated and shat on the bed. Auntie spared her some indignity when she sent Allen out of the room to get a tub of water and some towels. She tended to Angelina as if she were a newborn, but she did need Allen’s help changing her clothes. Finally, when she was dressed and attired for travel, she saw Auntie give Allen a note, and she caught one word before Auntie had blocked off her thoughts. Recipe.
Auntie said, “Give it to her again in three hours, mayhap when you stop for gas.”
Allen asked, “Ain’t that too soon?” 
“Mais non, she is becoming immune. She gets her feelings back quicker each time. Tell Rachel she may have to work up a stronger recipe. For your sake, I hope it ain’t necessary.”
Allen stated, cryptically, “Where we’re going, I won’t need a recipe.” Then he called out to the men, “She’s down! Let’s get going before we lose more of the sun!”
The men filed in and then toted her out like a corpse into the living room. She was placed, like a delicate package, into the simple coffin. Angelina wanted to scream her frustrations. She glanced over at Auntie for sympathy. They just couldn’t chain her up in this box like a dead thing with no light and no life! 
Just before the lid confined her to what seemed like everlasting darkness, Auntie appeared and gave her a ragged smile that was full of love. Without uttering a word, she said, I’m not going to Virginnie with you. My place is here. I only know my bayou. But don’t worry, I will be safe. We have to get you away before he finds you. After all he’s done, you still love him too much. Mayhap you will never be strong enough to fight him. Keep Rachel safe. Then Auntie glanced up at Allen too quickly for anyone to notice, except Angelina, and the old woman cryptically thought, Best keep Allen safe most of all. 
Angelina’s slow heartbeat nearly stopped. Allen? She cried out to her Auntie, but her pleas were ignored. Yes, she loved César. Yes, she adored him. And she knew that César was not just evil, he was also vengeful. 
Angelina mentally screamed. She wanted to keep her Auntie safe! She looked over at a grim Allen and hoped he would convince Auntie that she was thinking crazy, but she couldn’t get him to meet her gaze. Frustrated and powerless, she wept.
With a flick of her index finger, Auntie motioned to the others. Before they closed the lid, Allen leaned into the coffin, dried her eyes with a cotton handkerchief, and gave her a soft kiss. 
Toby pulled him aside and said, “We ain’t got much time.” 
The coffin lid was settled into place and nailed shut. She heard the chink of heavy chains and the snap of closing padlocks, but despite those brutal sounds of finality, she was able to nurse the memory of his kiss, and during her long and lonely journey his love did keep her warm and safe.
Chapter 7
Rachel’s Loss


Traveling through the Deep South was dangerous for Negroes even when they traveled as part of a motorcade. The somber procession stuck to the back roads, and they were compelled to be polite and act ignorant when they drove into filling stations. The group drew suspicions, but was subservient enough to appease the intolerant rednecks. There were no confrontations. The truth was that even good ol’ boys had instincts, and wasn’t that last car a black hearse? Even good ol’ rednecks knew something unnatural was in that hearse. Eyeballing them serious boys was one thing, but standing close to that hearse? Well, that was enough to freeze any wiseacre jibber-jabber. One proprietor after another had the same related thought, Seemed like nasty business in that hearse, best to send those boys on their way. Best to get them away from my fillin’ station before nightfall. 
The caravan sped through the states with a few breaks, only long enough to fill up the gas tanks, or fill up their stomachs at Colored-Only diners. There, they could also take a leak and change drivers. There was almost no conversation among the men. The sense of urgency was palpable and not one had a good feeling about leaving Auntie to face that monster in the swamps. They drove throughout the night and arrived in Virginia shortly after dawn. 
The caravan traveled another four hours before Angelina, who was awake and asleep, welcomed the dogwood aroma of home. The hearse screeched noisily on worn breaks, and Angelina, weary of being jostled in that uncomfortable wooden box was tempted to break right out of it. But she didn’t. She listened as the men piled out of the cars. She couldn’t sense Auntie, but now she felt Rachel as her sister ran toward the hearse. Angelina, blanketed by a veil of melancholy and dread over leaving her Auntie behind, felt her heart lift at the scent and sensation of her older sister’s nearness. 
“Rachel, wait a minute,” Allen warned. Then came the voices of the other men as they surrounded Rachel. Finally Allen interrupted, “Sssh, she can hear us, let’s go inside.” Their voices diminished, and then she was alone in her darkness. She heard other sounds, other voices, and there were lots of them. She could smell food, breakfast food cooked outdoors, and her stomach grumbled.
Angelina worked her arms up above her waist, swaying side to side as she jimmied first one and then the other in the tight space. She was so hungry that she was ready to tear the wood apart and eat it. She pressed her palms against the wood and gave it a small push. The nails groaned and the chains clinked. Too soon, the voices came back, and she crossed her hands over her breasts, guiltily. 
 “Let me out!” she screamed. 
 “Quiet girl, we’re trying to figure out what to do here,” Rachel demanded. “Seems to me that if we bust you loose, you’d be ready to eat anything that ain’t moving and we can’t have that! The clan is here having a day-after-Thanksgiving picnic and we can’t have you scaring people!”
Angelina pleaded, “C’mon, Rach. Don’t do this to me. Tell them to go home, then. Why do big sisters always have to tease?” 
The hearse door creaked open; the coffin was slid out and lifted. She heard her clan grow silent as she was hustled among them. She was a pall on their fun. In the distance, she heard a child sobbing. Angelina’s heart sank. She had always loved children, and now she was probably the boogeyman in tales clan wives spun to convince their offspring to behave. Under her palms, she felt her slowed heart still beating as it broke. 
The coffin tilted back with her feet momentarily higher than her head as the men carried her up the stairs. She heard the screen door open and, the coffin was settled on the floor. The chains rattled and then nails moaned as they were removed from her prison.
A moment before the lid was lifted, she heard Allen whisper, “Rachel, prepare yourself.”
“After what you done just told me, I don’t think there’s anything else that can surprise me,” Rachel said.
Angelina blinked as the sun, filtering through the white laced curtains, blinded her momentarily. She batted her eyes furiously before shadows peered down at her and blotted out the sun. She searched the expectant faces until she found her sister, and her heart sang.
Rachel said, without any emotion, “Angelina? My God she’s so beautiful. It just ain’t natural.”
Angelina sniffed, “What is that supposed to mean? Will someone lift me out?” Her hunger was like a living thing ravaging through her stomach with sharp and sadistic teeth. Despite the hunger that almost blinded her as surely as the sun, she knew that she had to convince Rachel that they needed to go back to the bayou and save Auntie. 
The autumn sun shone on Rachel’s brown skin in radiant hues and haloed her like an apostle in a painting, but her lovely features were expressionless. More than ever, she reminded Angelina of their statuesque father, dark and graceful with short cropped hair and a long nape. 
Wordlessly, Allen scooped Angelina out of her box and placed her gingerly on the sofa. He seemed more accustomed to caring for her as an invalid child. There was still love in his eyes and Angelina was grateful. And grateful too to be home and, for a moment, she allowed herself to forget that they had left Auntie behind, alone in the bayou and that, of course, she was thirsty.
“Honestly, Rach, why are there so many people here?” Angelina asked. She could immediately tell that her question was the wrong thing to ask.
Rachel responded simply, “Protection.”
Angelina’s heart sank, “Oh.”
Rachel thanked the men who had spent those long months away from their families just to tend to her sister. Although a few wore their exhilaration of freedom quite visibly, they all seemed to ache to flee. Rachel kissed each man on the cheek in gratitude, said a special blessing on their behalf, and promised that each of their family members were safe. The men, some twisting their hats anxiously, thanked her, shook her hand, and, like a stampede, ran out to join their families. Allen, and his brother, Toby, were the only exceptions. 
Toby challenged, “Now what? I got a bad feeling about leaving that old woman in the bayou.”
“Me too,” Allen chimed. 
Rachel remarked, “Sounds like she was set to come here, but things changed overnight,” then she glanced accusatorily at her sister.
Angelina whined, “I couldn’t help it.”
Allen interjected, “It’s not her fault.”
Toby hung his head, “Here we go. I can’t listen to this anymore. Little brother, I will see you back at the farm.” 
He fitted his cap on his head and crossed the threshold when Allen said, “I don’t think so.”
Toby froze, grunted mournfully, and somberly marched out of the house with his head hung low. 
Angelina asked, “What’s going on?”
Rachel looked down at her, but said, “Allen, have something to eat and rest up. We will speak later. I would like to spend some time with my sister.” When it appeared that he would protest, she stated, “I do insist.”
When they were alone, Angelina questioned, silently, What is it, Rach?
Her sister smiled. “You are a priestess, then. I wasn’t so sure.” She offered her hand, but when Angelina took it, she grimaced at her touch. “You’re cold.” Then she stared down at the simple frock Angelina wore and noted, “You may need to rest up too.”
Angelina’s need to feed was barely controllable. She could only dream of Auntie’s spicy beef and blood gumbo. She opened her mouth to speak, but didn’t trust her voice. As Rachel led her out of the drawing room, Angelina caught her reflection in the mirror. She was startled that she had one. Auntie had all the mirrors removed in her shanty the evening Angelina first arrived. She didn’t recognize the seductive waif who stared back at her. Her hair, always long was now thicker and darker. Angelina ran her fingers through the softness of her mane. Her eyes, surrounded by thick, black lashes, were lighter and, even staring at them now, she could see a small light reflecting back. The reflection was unnerving, and yes, scary. Her eyebrows were fuller and perfectly arched over eyes that belied the waif-like demeanor. Her skin, once assailed by acne was now flawless perfection. She didn’t possess a mark or blemish, but her cinnamon-hued skin was lighter, or bloodless. Her lips were deep red like blood, and her teeth were as white as moonbeams. 
“Oh God,” she whispered. 
Rachel drew her in her arms, and sobbed, “I’m sorry I did this to you. We must make this right somehow.”
Angelina sobbed, “But, Rachel, Auntie is in the bayou. He’s going to kill her!”
Rachel’s self-possessed manner caved in as she clung to her sister and they wept for the abandoned priestess as if she were already dead. 
“I’m being a silly goose,” Rachel finally said, as she dried first her tears and then Angelina’s. “My nan is wise. She can outfox him.” She kissed her sister fully on the lips and ruffled her hair. “So, what’s been going on between you and Allen?”  She took her sister’s hand and led her out of the farmhouse.
“Nothing,” Angelina lied, uneasily. 
It appeared the entire clan was spread across their expansive land. Large tents had been set up. The adults conversed and picnicked in communal groups while children played games as cars continued to roll in a seemingly infinite procession through the gates. 
Rachel admitted flatly, “He will come here looking for you, once he finds out you’re not in the bayou. So I have to keep everyone safe until he realizes that you are gone.”
Gone? Angelina felt the ground shift under her feet as her knees buckled. “What?”
Rachel grabbed her quickly and drew an arm around her waist as she supported Angelina while she explained. “You can’t stay. My Angel, I’m sorry, but you’re too unpredictable.” 
Angelina would’ve protested, but she noticed how her own people quickly turned away or tried to hide as she passed. Mothers shielded their children. Infants started to cry, and men stared with unabashed lust. She still felt like the darkness that had encroached on their warm Indian summer festivities.
Hurriedly, to stem their blatant fear, Rachel led Angelina to the barn. The stench of cow dung was overpowering and, because of her presence, the cows protested loudly. 
“Which one?”
Angelina was unsure of her question.
“You need to eat. Or is it drink? Or feed?”
Angelina was instantly disgusted. She wanted a bowl of gumbo. “I can have food.”
“Please, baby.” Rachel’s eyes welled up, as she confided, “I need to see what my selfishness has done to you. I don’t ever want to hurt anyone else the way I’ve hurt you.”
Angelina shook her head. “I won’t do it.”
Rachel commanded, “Do this for me.” Then she slapped her face, hard. 
“Don’t!” Angelina protested.
Rachel tripped her, slammed her in a pile of dung, and delivered a mean kick in her abdomen. Then she jumped on Angelina, pinning her arms in dung, and slapped her again. 
Angelina tried to raise her arms to fend off the blows. “Please, stop it.” She was already weak from hunger. Within moments, the barn grew lighter and more clearly etched as if through a white veil. The vampire had surfaced so swiftly that the priestess didn’t have time to rise up. Her gums itched as her canine teeth protruded. 
Rachel jumped off her as if scorched. “Angel?”
Angelina floated onto her feet in one effortless and graceful motion. She heard her sister’s terrified heartbeat, and although she knew human blood was sweeter, the large cow hearts, pumping delicious blood through their thick veins, goaded her unrelenting hunger. The animals sensed a predator and protested their vulnerability in loud panicked cries. The aroma of their fear was so intoxicating that Angelina felt ready to swoon as saliva betrayed her hunger by leaking from a corner of her mouth. For a moment, she observed Rachel with sly cunning, but the priestess within asserted a bead of rationality and she was able to resist that urge. Instead, she glided to the nearest occupied stall. Her hypnotic stare forced the cow to quiet, even as the others tried to free themselves. 
As silent and as subtle as a viper, she cut her teeth on the cow’s furred throat and felt the hot blood filled her mouth. The sensation on her taste buds was utterly sweet, and her delight was nearly orgasmic. She wrapped her arms around the cow in a lover’s embrace as the warm and nourishing blood slid down her throat and filled her stomach. The taste of fresh blood was so satisfying and pleasing that she couldn’t imagine how she had existed for months on gumbo. 
When the cow fell, Angelina fell on top of it slurping and sucking and draining until she was sated. Amazed, she stood up with a loud and bloody belch. Now she felt more than normal. Now she felt omnipotent. She looked down at her hands. The color had returned to her skin. Only when she stood back and saw the crippled cow did she realize what she had done, and how easily she had succumbed. She used the folds of her dress to wipe the blood from her lips, but she couldn’t bring herself to look at her sister. Still, she could smell the fear draped over Rachel, and she could hear the thread of words that raced through her sister’s mind, What have I done…what have I done… what have I done? 
In her blood and dung-soaked dress, she freed herself from Rachel’s self-incriminations and hurried back to the house. She had taken a few paces when she heard the shotgun blast and knew that her bovine victim had been slaughtered. As she crossed the yard, there were some brave members of her clan who dared to stare at the mess on her frock. Most allowed her to pass in a gauntlet of silent fear. 
Propelled by an immediate need to wash, Angelina ran inside her home and climbed the staircase. She slammed shut the bathroom door and was immediately confronted by the deadly stranger’s reflection in the mirror. She poured water in the basin and freed herself from the incriminating blood as her tears fell. Then spontaneously, she fisted the mirrored glass and sent shards into the porcelain basin. The bovine’s blood had been easier to digest than her sister’s fear. After she bathed, she grabbed Rachel’s nightgown from the hook on the door and slipped into it. Wrapped in Rachel’s natural scent, she sought comfort in the privacy of her bedroom. Her heart lifted at the familiarity of her room and at the gift sleeping in the canopy bed. She closed the door and allowed herself a moment to drink in his masculinity. 
His eyes fluttered open, and he smiled up at her. Then, alarmed by her expression, he asked, “What’s the matter?”
Angelina shook her head, as if what bothered her didn’t matter. She disrobed without shame and slid under the covers next to him.
“What are you doing?” he protested, weakly.
She pressed her naked body against his as she caressed his chest. “Do you want me to go?” 
Allen closed his eyes at her touch. His Adam’s apple bobbed and his breathing became labored.  He said, “I never want you to leave me.”
Her fingers travelled lightly down his chest. She toyed with his navel and then grazed her fingertips over his pubic hair. His eyes opened dreamily as he said in a husky voice, “Angelina, we shouldn’t.”
When she wrapped her fingers around his penis, he moaned. He was thick and hard in her palm. She had never seen a man up close, except…and then she blinked rapidly to disperse the uninvited memory. She just had to see, and so she tossed aside the covers to gaze at Allen’s nakedness. She gasped before swallowing down a bit of drool. He groped for the covers until she touched his wrist lightly and said, “Don’t. You’re beautiful.” 
She stroked his penis, and he released a throaty grunt.  She leaned forward to kiss him, but hesitated when she saw him shrink into the pillows. Her eyes welled up. First Rachel and now Allen. Her embarrassment was too much to swallow. “Please don’t punish me too.”
Allen pulled her close and kissed her hungrily. He studied her face and ran his fingers through her hair as he said, “You’re right. I’m sorry, Angelina. I know that you jumped into the James and tried to kill yourself to keep him from…so I’m the one who’s sorry. I promise never to do that again.”
“Promise?” When he nodded, she smiled and this time he allowed her kiss. His full lips were warm and moist.  His tongue slid past her teeth and invaded her mouth. He made her so wanton. She had to have more of him. She needed to feel more of him. 
Suddenly he pulled away. He said, “Stay right there.” When she sought to cover herself, he added, “Don’t you move.” 
Allen strode across the bedroom to the bureau. He smiled at her reflection in the mirror as he dug through her drawers. He scavenged for a few minutes until he selected an old shirt. Then he scanned another drawer and pulled out a bobby pin. He used the pin to punch a hole in the material. He worked his finger in the hole until he was able to tear the material into strips. His handsome face was fixed with a devious grin as he crossed the room. He grabbed her arm and tied her wrist to the bedpost using one of the strips. The binding was tight, but they both knew it was also meaningless. However, the effect on his desire was evident by the rigidness of his penis. He kissed her mouth and fondled her breasts before he tied her other hand to the bedpost. 
Angelina wanted to ask about his chastity, or why he preferred their first time this way, but then he slid under her legs and hoisted them over his shoulders. He covered her face with kisses before he devoured her lips once again. His fingertips caressed her nipples as he whispered in her ear, “You’re mine, Angelina Thrust. Until death do us part, you’re mine and I promise to love no one else but you.” He kissed her again. 
Tears of gratitude rolled down the sides of her face. “Me too.”
Angelina gasped as he grabbed her waist and entered slowly. She moaned none-too-softly as he began to rhythmically rotate his hips. She bit down on a scream and closed her eyes against the intensity of sensations that filled her with unrestrained tension. His thrusts were delicious and wicked. She twisted against her bindings and bucked under his manipulations as she tried to choke down cries of pleasure. He was kissing her and murmuring her name as he impaled her savagely. A massive orgasm pummelled the sexual tension and erupted through her body and soul. Angelina had to concentrate on not breaking her bindings. 
After the wave crested and then subsided, Allen peeled her legs open like fruit and buried his face between her thighs. She felt his lips kiss her lips, while his tongue probed and licked. She arched her back against a pleasure too engulfing to contain. She couldn’t help it, Angelina cried out in ecstasy as she pleaded for mercy. He hovered over her, kissing her, teasing her nipples into erectness before finally sliding again into her wetness. “My God, you feel so good,” he whispered. “I can do this forever.” 
* * *
Rachel didn’t know which was worse, to bear the burden of being a vampire or of loving one. If she asked Angelina, she would assuredly respond that loving a vampire was better than being one.
Rachel had failed. Auntie had failed. They had all failed. That demon had won, as he knew he would that night on the beach. In time he would claim her, and the pair would feed on her entire clan. The fault was solely Rachel’s. She could still hear echoes of Angelina slurping that poor cow’s blood with such lusty gusto that her skin cringed and her hair stood on end.
Rachel busied her restless mind by standing at the kitchen sink peeling potatoes. The time had come for her to try to permanently redirect the evil. During the day, she could verify folk from fiend. Admittedly the five unnatural deaths had been her fault; still, Rachel couldn’t comprehend banishing her sister. Although Angelina was all she had left, she didn’t have a choice. 
There were things that she hated to confess, even to herself, but truthfully, like the rest of her clan, Rachel was afraid of what her sister had become. She had compromised with evil to spare her sister’s life and, because of that evil, Angelina was even more powerful than she had fully recognized. This awareness surfaced when Angelina, tucked in the Louisiana bayou, would visit her late at night. In her simple bedroom, Rachel would awaken to find her sister standing at the foot of her bed. Despite the pitch-dark room, Rachel could clearly see the light of her sister’s dead eyes. There had never been any warmth in her visitations, only a sense of cold loneliness and heartbreaking despair. Rachel would draw her knees up to her chest and hug herself against this visage knowing that she had turned her sister into a monster. 
Even today, there was no joyous veneer Rachel could wash over this tragedy. After those hauntings, when the image of her sister had faded, Rachel would roll onto her side and curl up in a fetal position, where she would remember cutting that vampire’s throat and feeding his blood to her own sister. With her help, the demon could easily claim his victory.
The mornings after Angelina’s visitations, when her reality appeared normal and she conceded to a hopeful illusion she had merely been dreaming, she dared wonder what she’d brought back. Through messages Roscoe had relayed from Auntie, even her nana didn’t know, but she did warn that while she loved Angelina, the creature was not to be trusted.
Rachel washed the peeled potato in cold water and dumped it in a bowl with others before she picked up another. She pared the eyed skin slowly, thoughtfully, as she remembered how stunned everyone had been when the demon had not fled as expected. He had begun to prey on them to find her sister. Was it possible that he loved her? Surely he couldn’t be capable. But his pursuit was relentless, and to have followed her down to New Orleans was astounding. She should’ve killed them both.
She carved the skin expeditiously and dropped the crooked peel on the counter. She sighed with bloated regret as she remembered killing poor Old Moses. Even as a vampire the poor dear didn’t possess any smarts, but his capture had not been easy. He had been turned into something ungodly and strong. Although he revealed nothing to her during her interrogation, he had learned just enough to send the vampire to the bayou. 
Rachel, now swallowed whole by her guilt, had created a zone around the farm. Using the magic had nearly killed her, but the refuge worked, as they had formed teams and sought out vampires among their kin and neighbors. So far no one else had been afflicted. She scraped off the last bit of skin and dumped the potato in the bowl. Then mechanically, she picked up another potato. 
She glanced at the ceiling and heard their noisy lovemaking. Was this their first time, she wondered? Like his older brother, Toby, she felt sorry for Allen. In many ways Angelina was as different as she appeared, and Rachel couldn’t imagine touching her. Apparently, this wasn’t a problem for Allen. With a smirk, she thought how the defilement of her clan continued to spread.
She paused for a moment as she stared out the window and witnessed the people who continued to drive through the gates. Women ventured in and about her kitchen, bringing food, retrieving plates, making nuisance small talk, and then, upon pinpointing the ribald sounds of debauchery, they quickly abandoned a silent Rachel to her redundant chore. Although the women were exceedingly polite, it proved hard to be civil among the cries of ecstasy, or the unnerving rhythm of the bedsprings. Rachel picked up another potato and cut the paring knife into the brown skin.
She looked away from the group of men in the distant field as they burned the cow carcass. Rachel thought it best not to eat any portion of the beast since her sister had fed on it. Her heart sank heavily at the vision of her Angel attached to the cow like a tick, probably completely unaware of how she rubbed her pelvis against the poor beast as she fed. The sight had disgusted Rachel thoroughly and she knew then that her cause had been lost. 
Lastly she thought of Auntie. Staying alone in the bayou like a sacrifice was a clear admission that their cause was lost. At least she bought them some time, but how much? 
Soon she would have to start the ceremony to fortify the perimeter, but Rachel couldn’t do anything now, of course, until she rid the clan of her sister. She was horrified by the notion of sending her away again. No matter how much she was afraid of Angelina, she didn’t want to do this. She loved her, but she had to exile her soon. Just then the knife slipped and cut a gash in her thumb. She stared at the blood beading on the cut. She hesitantly brought the wound to her lips and clamped over the injury. With bitter conviction, she thought, Damn that bastard.
As she wiped her hands on her apron, she noticed the loud sounds of lovemaking had ended abruptly and a new fear crept up her spine. Had her sister fed on Allen? Had she committed another fatal judgment error? 
Without hesitation, Rachel raced up the stairs. Her heart pounded and she began to sweat. What would she say to Toby? She paused before Angelina’s closed bedroom door. Again, she was paralyzed by the memories of those late-night visits. 
Today, she could still smell Angelina’s soft scent and Rachel tasted the fear as she raised her hand to rap lightly on the door. 
“Come in,” Allen said.
Immediately, she began to breathe with relief. Obediently, Rachel opened the door and found Allen lying in bed, covered by a thin sheet. She stepped inside and gazed casually at his throat. He covered up quickly while she was assured there were no wounds. Rachel finally understood, and smiled. 
“She really loves you,” Rachel said.
Allen scratched his nose, clearly uncomfortable with his near nakedness, “I hope so, because I’ve asked her to marry me.”
Rachel was shocked, “I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
Allen looked at her dumbfounded, “What did you think was going to happen? She was meant for me, not him!”
 Gazing upon his youthful beauty, Rachel was overwhelmed by an unaccustomed moment of lust. Luckily, he fluttered his dark lashes, and looked away as he started to rant. 
He misread her candor as he assessed their situation. He admitted, embarrassed, “I know I was wrong, but she came in and then she dropped the bathrobe, and I don’t know what happened. Then…well, we and then...” 
Rachel interrupted and as unemotionally as possible, she said, “It’s time to go. I have some money, but it’s only for a start. As I’ve told you, The Victoria Dawn departs from Norfolk so you will have to drive down there. Leave the car near the pier so he can pick up her scent. She can’t come back until it is safe for her to be here.”
Allen asked, “Or you kill him?”
Rachel whispered with a sense of defeat, “I don’t think I’m strong enough.” She noticed that he didn’t ask the easy question. Was Angelina strong enough to kill him?
He said, “This is not your fault or hers.”
She smiled sweetly at his pretense. “How kind, but everyone knows it’s my fault.” She found his gaze engulfing, mesmerizing, and his unabashed stare reminded her of staring into the eyes of a fawn’s that had grown round with naked awe and wonderment. She regained her composure by quickly changing the subject, “Do you need more zombie dust? I will make some for your trip. I will give you the recipe, but keep it hidden from my sister. I’m hoping that as she grows stronger as a priestess, you will need it less often.”
Allen chagrinned, said, “Zombie dust? That’s what that stuff is? I was hoping it was something we could use on him.”
Rachel thought about his remark, and she then laughed. This was the first time she had laughed so heartily in months. “Vampire dust?” 
Allen laughed with her when he had to admit the idea was pretty silly. Yet, he had to ask, “So how can zombie dust work on her? She didn’t die and zombies don’t have souls.”
Rachel, corrected, a little saddened that the lightheartedness had faded so soon, “She’s not a zombie and she has a soul. When she was at the edge of life or death, I just had to make sure I could control her.”
Allen finally asked the hard question, “Is she strong enough to kill him?”
“I think so, but she has to want to kill him and you know that she doesn’t. I don’t think she can. From what you all said, it sounds as if César still has power over her. I know that you love her, but I think marriage is unfair to you. She can’t give you children and she won’t grow old.”
“No children, I understand that happens to married folks sometimes. But she won’t grow old? Damn! That means I’ll be an old coot with a young wife calling me darling!” He chuckled as he reveled in his good fortune. “What a present! I know how you feel, Rachel. I know you think you’re protecting me, but I know what I’m doing. I promise you I won’t let her hurt anyone. You and I made the right decision that night; don’t let anyone make you think different, including my apple-headed, brother!”
Rachel laughed, again. “There is a word for men like you, and I think it is ass.” She was blushing again. As a priestess, she had to be strong, insightful, and beyond reproach, but the heady aroma of their sweaty lovemaking hinted at pure rapture. The scent forced her to wonder what it was like to fall into his strong arms, to feel his full lips on her mouth, on her nape, on her breasts. He was so young, so manly, so captivating. 
Rachel raised a trembling hand to her throat, and said weakly, “I will meet you downstairs. Please get dressed.” 
Rachel remembered how the men had reluctantly confessed in succinct detail the whirlwind sensations of tangible fear entwined with frenzied lust that had emanated from Angelina like perfume. During those early nights they had been afraid to sleep near that hungry woman-child who watched them like prepared dishes of roasted pork. Luckily, the priestess had surfaced and their fear-tinged calls had dwindled. 
They, Rachel included, had all been calmed into a state of false contentment. If César had not surfaced, had not hunted and turned their most vulnerable, then Auntie would’ve been successful. Rachel knew this. But this was his game and the demon had forced all their hands. 
Still, back then she had decided their complaints were nothing more than lusty old men needing to bed their wives. Today, she wasn’t so sure. Allen appeared to be immune, or he was less affected because his lust was entwined with real love. And she wondered how Allen’s love kept him fearless when her own love couldn’t do the same. This last lustful episode where she wanted to sample Allen, of all people, wholly convinced Rachel that Angelina had to leave quickly. 
As she walked morosely down the familiar corridor to her own bedroom, weighted down by her regrets, she sensed her sister’s presence. In her bedroom, perched near the opened window, Angelina waited. Just as Rachel had done earlier in the kitchen, she appeared to stare out of the window without really focusing on any one thing. Rachel had the keen sensation that somehow Angelina was looking directly at her, almost as if she literally had eyes in the back of her head. 
 “I gave myself to Allen,” she said, without passion. “I don’t know what happened. After I fed like that, I just needed him. I couldn’t control it.” As an afterthought she added, “He didn’t seem to mind.”
Rachel shrugged, “That isn’t important now.”
A light breeze filled the room and fluttered the lace curtains and her dress, softly and surreally. Rachel needed her to turn around so that she could see her face, but especially her eyes. She wanted to dislodge the chilling memories of those floating eyes that had burned right through her on those haunted nights. But the fear ratcheted a notch at those memories, and she involuntarily took a few backward steps. 
Angelina said, almost seductively, “I’m sorry you feel that way about me. Of all people, you shouldn’t be scared of me, Rach. You are my mother and my sister. I adore you.”
Rachel asked, cautiously, “How do you..?”
Matter-of-factly, Angelina said, “I can hear your heartbeat.” She dropped her head as her voice cracked. “Please tell me how you can be so afraid of me.”
Rachel wanted to sob, but she didn’t. “I don’t know why, but I am. I don’t want to lose you, Angel, but you have to stop coming here when you dream…it ain’t natural and we don’t want César thinking you’re here when you’re only dreaming.”
Angelina whispered, as if in awe, “César? That’s an excuse and you know it. Only a priestess can see me that way. But I am surprised that you’re not afraid to say his name. I know you want me to hate him, but I can’t.” 
“Allen and I both agree that none of this is your fault.” Then after a time, she begged, “Can you forgive me and my excuses?”
Without giving her an answer, Angelina brushed past her sister and floated out of the room. Rachel thought to pursue her, but instead she closed and bolted her bedroom door. With her back pressed against the door, she had to admit that she was still terrified. What on earth had she done? Then she threw herself helplessly across her bed and drowned in her grief. 
She must’ve dozed. 
A light rap on her door jolted Rachel into clumsy wakefulness. She yawned, stretched, and resigned herself to alertness. Then she remembered and stared out the window. Thank God, it was still daylight and they still had time.
 With some hesitation, she unlocked her bedroom door. Allen smiled down at her. He was scrubbed clean in his pressed suit and tie. Rachel smiled back at him because his lust was so easy to interpret. 
“Now you behave with my sister,” she teased.
Allen confided, “Toby said the farm was in great shape. So thank you, Rachel. He dropped off some of my things too. I guess he didn’t want to take a chance that I may have stopped by the house with Angelina.” Then his handsome face broke into a wide grin. “But I do promise to behave. I’m going to be a married man soon, so what choice do I have.”
Rachel was happy for them, but she understood how Toby felt. She asked, “Where is she?”
Allen nodded, “Downstairs. She told me what happened. I know that she has an effect on people, and she has it on me too. But I don’t know. How can anyone be afraid of Angelina? C’mon, she’s Angelina. I see the scary eyes and the fangs, but it’s still just Angelina. Maybe if I’m good, she will let me tie her up.”
Rachel didn’t know what to say. Finally, when she found her voice, she said, “I know I didn’t just hear you say…”
Allen gave her a sheepish giggle. “Look,” he said, changing the subject, “We were talking back at Auntie’s and we kinda figured that Angelina wasn’t César’s real target.”
Rachel froze. “What did you say?”
Allen started to whisper, and then realized it was fruitless. “Think about it, Rachel. I mean, we had all those empty hours in the bayou when Auntie wasn’t working us to death.” He paused, and added tightly, “Damn that stubborn old woman. But like I was saying, we all kinda guessed the Trinitys had called up César, but they couldn’t control him. I mean, I think that.” Allen stammered, “I s’pose Angelina was more…”
Rachel finished, “More to his liking? Younger? Prettier? Huh?” She had never given César’s appearance a thought. Like any natural disaster, he had just happened to them. “Auntie didn’t work y’all hard enough!”
However, she had to admit that turning a blood-sucking demon on an enemy was a clever way to deliver cold revenge. If César had turned her, instead of falling in love with her sister, the entire clan would’ve served as food. Even Angelina, who would’ve naturally been Rachel’s first victim, would’ve been too unschooled to save anyone, including herself. Yes, if the circumstances of César’s arrival into their lives were true, then the Trinitys’ great plan misfired. Rachel swore they were going to pay for setting that demon loose on them, but not today. 
She checked her reflection in the mirror, smoothed the wrinkles in her dress with a quick swipe of her hands, and then led Allen out of the bedroom. Angelina waited for them in the drawing room. No one else was in the house. There wouldn’t be any tearful farewells or bon voyages from the clan as they slipped out of Virginia. Rachel suffered her heartbreak anew. Easily she was able to reconcile this graceful but cold beauty with the warm bundle of flesh she had carried as a new infant. The unusual devotion she held for her baby sister reignited and swelled in her chest like a blossoming flower.
Her voice cracked, as she implored, “I’ve already asked you this, but you didn’t answer. My Angel, can you forgive me?”
Angelina’s timid voice cracked, “I see a great painting of us in your house. You had an artist create it. Jim O’Shea.” She giggled softly. “He’s very talented, but he’s gifted too, and he thinks he’s in love with me, how sweet.”
Allen charged, “What are you talking about?”
Rachel silenced him with a glare. “What else do you see?”
Angelina continued, “Rach, the painting looks so lifelike. It’s of us as we are now. But...” Angelina paused as if she was having difficulty hearing and seeing, and then she continued after a time, “…but you also wove magic in the painting to protect anyone who comes onto the property, and to keep the vampires out. Every family will have O’Shea portraits that will bless them and keep them safe. Yes, it works. You will give every clan member charms. Yes, that works too.”
Rachel swelled with pride. “My Angel, that’s a good idea. What else do you see?”
Angelina continued as if relaying troubling scenes from a horror movie, “Your children are afraid of me…hate me. I…” then she stopped. Her lower lip trembled. “I can’t see anything else.” Tears turned her round eyes glassy. “Rach, I will never touch you again.” 
Rachel covered her mouth and tried not to cry. She had experienced her own disturbing visions of her descendent, a goddess-savior. She drew Angelina into an embrace as she managed, “The future can always be changed.”
“I hope so,” Angelina whispered. She held Rachel in a desperate embrace as she buried her face in the crook of her soft neck. And Rachel was unafraid.
The room bloated with foreboding. For a long time, no one said anything, and then Rachel turned to Allen and asked, “Is she always like this now?”
“How is she different than before?” 
They snickered and the moment was tragically heartwarming. Without saying anything else, the young couple followed Rachel, whose presence naturally lent a morsel of respect. But today, when the screen door opened and the trio emerged from the farmhouse, the festivities evaporated abruptly in the warm November sunlight. The silence was haunting. 
Scared children sought their mothers and hid behind skirts. Women huddled in gossip and fanned themselves or gasped, while others shielded their eyes with handkerchiefs under the pretense of wiping their brows. 
Best not to look evil in the eyes or call upon it by name. 
Still others, learning of the flagrant debauchery that had occurred that very afternoon in that very farmhouse, whispered about the Devil’s whore and spat her name in spite. It appeared that while Rachel was forgiven and revered, Angelina was hated. 
With her dark tresses spilling over her slender shoulders, and her cotton dress barely containing her bountiful and youthful curves, the men yearned for her with undeniable lust. Like the Red Sea, people parted as the taut atmosphere crackled with fear. For her part, Angelina held her head high as she walked, or floated, with Allen to his black DeSoto. He held open the door for her, and Toby, who had remained to see his brother off, helped him load in the steamer trunks. He too seemed amazed by the rapid change in atmosphere.
A slight breeze tossed Angelina’s dark tresses. She looked over at her sister and said, finally, “Of course I forgive you, Rach. That was such a stupid question.” 
Rachel smiled wholly and pressed both her hands over her heart. She mouthed the words, Thank you.
Angelina raised her hand and cupped her eyebrows to shield her face from the sun. The diffused sunlight made her pupils glow unnaturally in the semidarkness and reminded Rachel of the countenance of wolves she had seen once at the zoo. With her hands still pressed over her heart, she tried to muffle the telltale sounds of her fear-driven heartbeat. 
Angelina, if she noticed, didn’t say anything. She inquired, “And Auntie? I don’t sense her, but I don’t feel that she’s dead either. Is there anything we can do to protect her?”
Rachel shook her head sadly. “She’s been in danger before and the bayou has always kept her safe.”
Allen slipped into the car, and started her easily. Angelina turned to her sister and said without moving her lips. César won’t kill her. He wouldn’t do that to someone who means so much to me. 
Rachel challenged, “I hope you’re right, little sister.” She leaned into the car and kissed Angelina on the lips. Although her touch was cold, Rachel didn’t recoil. Then she did something that would haunt her into her old age. She slapped the hood of the car, signaling them it was time to leave. The sound was a hard and hollow bong that reminded her of a door closing…the hard finality of something vital ending. Allen eased the DeSoto out of the crowded driveway and down the long avenue of trees.
Rachel had seen visions of a petulant woman, graceful in a way that reminded her of goddesses in folklore. Somehow, she knew this creature as their savior, and this goddess-savior will suckle an incomprehensible rage. In a particularly frightful vision, Rachel once witnessed her wielding a bow and arrow like powerful appendages. Her stance was proud and her body was as muscular as any man’s. In a future darkness, under a brooding moon, she will line up her arrow to pulverize the demon’s dead heart. The goddess-savior wasn’t in love like Angelina, and she wasn’t afraid like Rachel. Hatred made her fiercely determined to see him die. By her hand. Then the goddess-savior uttered a chilling cry after she released her arrow. 
Rachel would emerge from the vision, weak and weepy. Her visions of late were all so brutal. She couldn’t bear the heartbreak of knowing that her decedents would have to continue the fight against an enemy that seemed eternal. 
Oh Lord, what have I done! 
When the DeSoto disappeared around the curve in the road, Rachel lost the strength of her legs. Stunned, she sank onto the ground nearly devoid of sensation. She cupped her face in her hands and sobbed. When, she wondered, would she awaken?
Cars continued to roll in through the fenced opening and park haphazardly on the manicured grass. Families greeted each other as the children played games under the century-old trees. The atmosphere was absurdly festive again with cheerful chatter and picnic baskets. 
Rachel, still folded on the ground like a napkin, felt the tears leak down her strong face as she tried to swallow a grief that was bottomless. She would always remember, with bitter irony, that despite her reckless attempts to keep her sister safe and close, she had managed to lose Angelina after all.
The End of Book 1.
####

Look for César’s Revenge: The Demon Lover’s Chronicle - Book 2 
Release anticipated for November 2014.

Do you want to know something crazy? I think writing is better than self-medicating! Sounds kind of weird, doesn’t it? But you must know that sometimes when I sleep, I dream of monsters and not cute cuddly ones either. The upside of my monster nightmares is that I never, ever suffer from writer’s block. 
Thank you for reading, César: The Demon Lover’s Chronicles - Book 1. I treasure your opinion so contact me directly, and share. I can be reached at: 
My website: http://www.JulianColeman.net
Email: JulianColeman@verizon.net.  
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/JulianMColeman
Reviews are important. Take a few minutes to look at these helpful videos and then please leave a review:
VIDEO: How to Write a Book Review on Amazon (3:53)
VIDEO: Indie Authors Need Your Help (1:01)
Thanks again and keep in touch.

