



Z-MINUS 1
by Perrin Briar

CONTENTS PAGE
DECEMBER 2013
MAY 2014
JULY 2014
SEPTEMBER 2014
OCTOBER 2014
5:56AM
6:23AM
7:14AM
Z-MINUS: 7 HOURS 44 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 7 HOURS 21 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 6 HOURS 58 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 6 HOURS 47 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 6 HOURS 31 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 6 HOURS 16 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 6 HOURS 2 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 5 HOURS 33 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 5 HOURS 14 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 4 HOURS 50 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 4 HOURS 39 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 4 HOURS 21 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 4 HOURS 9 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 3 HOURS 36 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 3 HOURS 12 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 2 HOURS 45 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 2 HOURS 28 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 2 HOURS 2 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 1 HOUR 51 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 1 HOUR 45 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 1 HOUR 32 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 1 HOUR 16 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 0 HOUR 56 MINUTES
Z-MINUS: 0 HOUR 16 MINUTES
3:56PM
4:23PM
4:36PM
4:51PM
4:59PM
5:07PM
5:24PM
NOVEMBER 2014
WHAT TO READ NEXT?
BE KIND, REVIEW
OTHER BOOKS BY BRIAR
WAS IT GOOD FOR YOU?
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
COPYRIGHT 

DECEMBER 2013
Statistics from the World Health Organisation
EBOLA CASES: 1
EBOLA DEATHS: 1


Dr Victoria Kahn, Chief Medical Officer, Saint Bartholomew’s Hospital, from her article The Virus: Humanity’s Natural Archenemy
The most successful virus in the world will be one that keeps its host alive while simultaneously shutting down the body’s self-defences. It won’t be long before we have such a specimen on our hands.


Dr Barry Evans, naturalist, from her book Mind Control in the Animal Kingdom
There are some species of fish known to alter another species’ behaviour. They implant their eggs inside a fish and then make the fish suicidal, so they are easily caught by their natural predator, the heron. Once consumed, the eggs warm up and hatch. It is not beyond the realms of possibility that a virus might evolve to be able to do the same to us; to shut down certain systems, to control the host’s behaviour. In essence, we lose our minds to the virus’s whims.


Felix Nethershall, historian, from his Ted lecture The Virus & Technology: A Match Made in Heaven
The Black Death killed more than half the human population in the fourteenth century. Not only were we woefully ill-prepared for such an attack, we rather helped it along with our cooperative city living.
Despite our advanced technology, we are no better off when it comes to defence against this invisible killer. And with aeroplanes and the ease of moving across the globe, one can only imagine the terror it might bring upon us should we let it.

MAY 2014
Statistics from the World Health Organisation
EBOLA CASES: 396
EBOLA DEATHS: 202


The Daily Express, Ted Hughes, Health Correspondent, from his article entitled The Race We Didn’t Know We Were Losing
Despite all the advancements of the human race we have still not uncovered a cure for the common cold. While farmers force feed copious amounts of antibiotics to cattle in the never-ending quest to produce ever-larger specimens, and encourage deformities in animals to satisfy our own grotesque needs, we are ultimately strengthening disease and weakening ourselves in the process. [These] drugs then pass into the human food chain. Farmers have long known that bacteria and viruses can evolve at a much faster rate than other organisms. We are providing a species capable of rapid evolution with the resources it needs to develop faster than we can combat them with ever-stronger antibiotics.
Sooner or later we are going to fail to provide the right drug at the right time, and each day that passes we are drawing ever-closer to that moment.


Tweet conversation
@JamesLaker153 Is it normal to be bitten in bed by your girlfriend?!
@SysRq83 Only if you’ve used chocolate body paint
@JamesLaker153 She drew blood. Should I worry about tetanus?


Dr Jenny Packer, Oxford University, transcript of her lecture Why You Should Be Worried About The Plague
The spread of Spanish influenza in the nineteen twenties was truly prodigious. It can be matched only by the Plague in the fourteenth century, and the plague in the seventeenth. There is a cycle at work here. Whenever humanity reaches a certain level in regards to its population, the earth reacts and throws up a defence to protect itself. It is no coincidence that these moments occur precisely at the time our most significant cultural developments also occurred. Perhaps some of you think I’m looking at this with black dahlia-tinted glasses, that perhaps I actually want to see this information. Well, let me show you the facts. Take a look at this graph.
(Audience gasps and mumbles.)
This graph shows the greatest pandemics in our species’ history. With genetics and DNA testing we have been able to deduce that we as a species have undergone a huge external transitional change every few hundred years. And each time, it was worse. These are warnings. These are warnings from Mother Nature that we are approaching the precipice and that one of these days we’re going to go running over it. 

JULY 2014
Statistics from the World Health Organisation
EBOLA CASES: 1,376
EBOLA DEATHS: 723


The New York Times, Jeffrey Dunne, from the Editorial
Once the providence only of impressionable teens and those with an over obsession with blood, we are seeing a rise in interest in the area of zombies. With the increase in recent years of the dystopian world hitting the big and small screen every holiday season, is there really any surprise? But there is no doubt in this Pulitzer prize winning journalist’s mind that one day the epidemic the likes of which the human race has never seen will strike.
If there’s any certainty in life, it’s that good things never last. As a species we’ve had a good run. Nature has provided us with an unprecedentedly long period of calm seas. We’ve enjoyed all the treasure nature has afforded us, but that time has passed. Our time has passed. Nature will now begin to take things away. I don’t know what will rise as the most dominate species on the planet after us, but I do know that when the final human dies on his bed of dried river reeds, he will look up at the ceiling of his cave and say, ‘What did we do wrong?’

SEPTEMBER 2014
Statistics from the World Health Organisation
EBOLA CASES: 6,506
EBOLA DEATHS: 3,450


www.ebolaawareness.com, anonymous post
Is anyone else scared?


Ladbrokes plc, gaming company
ODDS OF THE HUMAN RACE BEING WIPED OUT BY A COMET WITHIN THE NEXT TEN YEARS: 1,200,000,000 : 1
ODDS OF THE HUMAN RACE BEING WIPED OUT BY AN EPIDEMIC WITHIN THE NEXT 10 YEARS: 1,200 : 1
SPECIAL RATES FOR NEW CUSTOMERS!


Rev. J. Pickle, Saint Mary’s church, Cumbria, from her sermon
Matthew 24:29. Immediately after the tribulation of those days the sun will be darkened, and the moon will not give its light, and the stars will fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens will be shaken.

OCTOBER 2014
Statistics from the World Health Organisation
EBOLA CASES: 8,000+
EBOLA DEATHS: 4,000+


Percy Plinkton, 15, 2nd place essay competition winner, from his essay entitled Mother Nature: A Firm Hand
It seems every year there is a new disease that spreads amongst the populations of the world, and it is only a matter of time before the ‘real deal’ hits our shores, and that will mark the end of the human race’s dominance of the earth.
We are only here at the kindness of Mother Nature. She has been very lenient with us. But every mother has her breaking point. One day, perhaps not too far in the future, a news story under an innocuous title will emerge, largely unnoticed. But it will have deep ramifications for the future of our species. It will not be Ebola. It will not be SARS. It will not be a strain of bird flu. It will be something else, something that will creep in the shadows and attack us without warning.


London Metro, from the World News section
AND FINALLY… THE HEART THAT SKIPPED A BEAT (OR 100)
Jeremy Sprite, 45, died yesterday at Addenbrooke’s hospital after complaining of chest pains, diarrhoea, cold sweats, and headaches. But after an incredible ten minutes of silence, his heart automatically restarted. Doctors were dumbfounded and unable to account for this apparent miracle. It is the longest recorded example of the reanimation of a dead heartbeat. He will be released today.





Z-MINUS 1

5:56AM
Chris’s eyes opened like rusty garage doors. The world was blurry through his slitted vision. He could make out a bright yellow-white light through the windscreen. A green light flashed on and off with a tick-tock noise. The curled glowing numbers arranged in a circle came in and out of focus in front of him. His head lolled back, and he fell unconscious again.

6:23AM
He opened his eyes again. The world had lost a shade of its fuzziness. The tick-tock noise and flashing green light never ceased. He turned his head to the side and felt a sharp stabbing pain in his back. He squinted with his eyes and made out the numbers. They were a speedometer.
He blinked, and the blurry, fuzzy world began to come into focus. It drifted in and out like it were warping around him. He looked to the side and saw the passenger seat was empty.
On the floor sat a dozen empty cans of Budweiser, White Lightning and Stella. He coughed with lungs that felt like they were full of tar. He could smell the sharp tang of fuel from somewhere near his feet.
Chris shook his head, the deep throbbing behind his eyes working its way to the back of his neck. He pulled at his legs but found they were trapped between the seat and the steering wheel, which had been forced forward and down, pinning his legs.
He squirmed, shifting his weight side to side. He pushed on the steering wheel and worked his legs free. His left leg came free first, and then his right. He laid back, his head on the headrest.
He looked over at the cans. He picked up a bottle of Bud and shook it. The little alcohol remaining inside tinkled. Chris drank it. He did the same with the other bottles and cans. There was barely a dribble left in any of them, but it made him feel better.
He pressed his weight against his door. It didn’t budge. He slammed his shoulder against it, harder. It creaked open with a crunch. He knocked his shoulder against it again, and it creaked open more. He pressed his hands to it, forced his weight onto it, and the door jerked wide open.
He fell out onto the ground, the movement sending streaks of pain up his back. He lay on the ground for a moment, unmoving. His back, neck and head felt wet. He reached back and touched his neck. His fingers came away brown with mud. The orange indicator light flashed.
He turned onto his front and pulled himself up the grassy verge. He got to his knees and retched. Orange and red semi-digested curry splattered. He spat out the lumps in his mouth.
Chris could hear the soft tinkling sound of water running over stones nearby. He got up, swayed slightly, and then carefully stepped over to the stream. It was shallow, but fast flowing. Even in the moonlight he could see it was clean. He leaned down and rinsed out his mouth, splashing it with vigour over his face.
He got up, a little steadier this time, and turned back to look at the car. It was jammed under a thick bough of a tree that stuck out at a right angle. The roof was buckled and all the windows, save the back one, were strewn with spider web-like cracks. The road was only fifty yards back. He must have fallen asleep at the wheel and driven across the field.
The high beams of his car cut a thick swathe through the darkness to the woods beyond. Chris bent down and pulled the key out of the ignition, and then killed the lights. He pushed the door closed, but it bounced off the bent frame.
He stepped toward the lane, feet slipping on the mud of the slight incline. He began to walk the long windy country road.

7:14AM
The country road joined the main ring road on the outskirts of Nottingham. The sun was just beginning to rise, stretching the pylon shadows across the road.
Chris checked both directions. He was surprised to find just one car. It zipped past him at what must have been over one hundred miles an hour. A speed camera flashed, but the driver didn’t slow down. Chris crossed the road onto Clifton housing estate.
The houses were two-storey terraces with small gravel front gardens. They were built back to back, like bouncers at a nightclub under attack. It was the kind of place where you wiped your feet off on the way out.
Chris walked up to a peeling green door. He stopped, and then turned and looked at the houses on either side of the street.
The estate was quiet. Too quiet. The constantly-present youth gangs on the street corners listening to music were not present. The motorbikes zipping up and down the road making drug drops were not zipping. Then something else caught his eye.
The windows of number forty-two were smashed, glass jutting like bad teeth. The ubiquitous red brick walls were splattered with patches of paint, except that it was off-colour to the earthy tones underneath, as if someone had started painting, and then given up.
Farther down the street, cars sat with their wheels leaning against the curb, the handbrakes disengaged. One car, an old Peugeot estate, was running, the engine ticking over silently but with no one behind the wheel. The driver side door had been thrown open.
Chris turned to his front door. He inserted his key into the lock and turned it. There was no click. He pushed the door with a finger. It creaked open. The early morning light spilled onto the living room floor, illuminating a pair of tube socks. Emily leaving her crap everywhere again, Chris thought.
He shut the front door and went into the kitchen. He filled up the kettle and placed it into the recharge unit at its base. He took a cup out of the cupboard and spooned three large heaps of coffee granules into it.
He opened the fridge and took out the remains of a birthday cake that had ‘Happy Birthday Maisie. 8 today!’ written on it. He placed it on the kitchen table and reached for a knife from the knife rack, but there were none. He opened the cutlery drawer and took out a regular dinner knife. He cut off a large piece of cake and picked it up with his hand.
He leaned against the counter and thought about what he was going to do with his car. He doubted if he could get it fixed up cheap. I’ll chop it up and sell the pieces on, he thought. Hopefully he’d make enough money to buy a cheap second hand car, but he doubted it. Maybe Wally could help him out-
The cake fell out of his hand and hit the floor, lumps of cream sputtering on his shoes. His eyes were wide, looking at something in the living room.
The kettle boiled and sent a thick cloud of steam out across the roof of the kitchen like something from a bad horror movie. The kettle didn’t click off due to a faulty sensor. The water inside bubbled away, spitting hot water out the lip. More steam poured out of it, but Chris was too enthralled to notice.
Emily’s school uniform socks were tucked into her pair of shiny black regulation shoes. They sat perched up, the soles facing the roof. The socks were thick and substantial, like they weren’t empty.
Chris stepped toward the living room, his footsteps ginger and reticent. The TV had fallen off its stand and sat screen-down on the carpet. The coffee table had been knocked aside. Chris rounded the worn felt sofa and, bit by bit, Emily’s body appeared.
First, the short black skirt, pinned up to expose more thigh to adolescent boys, the unflattering burgundy jumper that attempted to cover all natural bulges with rolls of its own, and then her matted hair, dyed black from its usual earthy brown. He could make out the stud piercings around the upper edge of her ears, but not the stud in her nose. Her black lipstick and eyeliner were smudged across the left side of her face.
Two knives jutted from her back, both buried near to the hilt. Another knife lay clutched in her chubby hand, the blood along its edge staining the grey carpet.
Chris kneeled down and pulled the hair off her face, as if clearing any doubt in his mind over who lay there dead on his living room floor. Her skin was pale and her eyes stared forever at something he couldn’t see.
“Emily…” he said.
His voice was a mixture of anger and confusion; confusion at who had killed her. She was a fifteen-year-old girl. What had she ever done to anyone? But mostly he felt anger. Anger at her for being so selfish and weak to have let herself die.
He pressed the back of his fingers against the skin at her throat, but there was no pulse. She was as cold as ice. The muscles in Chris’s body tensed as he prepared for an attack. The assailant might still be in the house.
Throat tight, he climbed the narrow staircase that wound up to the first floor. The two doors on the landing were shut. Chris eyed the second set of stairs leading up to the second floor warily. He pushed the bathroom door open. It was empty. Ahead of him was the main bedroom. He pushed the door open and went inside.
His body shook, and he stepped back, his back finding the wardrobe. Lying on the bed, spread-eagled naked, was another body, a body he was infinitely more intimate with.
A knife lay on the floor, her fingertips draped over the edge of the bed as if she’d just dropped it. It had a thick layer of blood on it. Chris could see it was not fresh blood, but thick and clotted.
Sharon’s eyes were open, staring up at the ceiling. She had a chunk of flesh missing at the base of her neck. Her blood had seeped out of her body and had been absorbed by the towels and sheets. Her hair, chocolate brown with streaks of blonde highlights, was thick and clumped together with her blood. The simple gold wedding band around her finger shone with a life at odds with the paleness of her skin.
Chris fell to his knees and leaned forward, putting his head to her flat stomach. She had been thirty four, but her body was that of a much younger woman.
“Sharon…” he said. “Wake up.”
He picked up her hand, dismayed at how stiff it had already become. He pulled on it.
“Come on, get up,” he said.
He tugged harder on her arm. Her body lifted from the bed, and immediately slumped back down.
“Don’t be lazy,” he said, his voice laced with impatience. “Get up now.”
But she didn’t move.
Chris went to the wardrobe and took out a throw blanket. He laid it over Sharon’s body and tucked it under her as if putting her to bed. He kissed her on the forehead and closed her eyes.
“You must be ill,” he said, brushing the hair out of her lifeless eyes. “I’ll let you sleep it off, but you ought to be up and out of bed soon. We can’t sleep all day.”
He stopped at the door, looked back at the figure on the bed, and then went back onto the landing, closing the door behind himself. His legs shook and he felt weak. He braced himself on the handrail. He let out a deep breath and went up the stairs to the second floor one step at a time. At the top, he kept his head bowed down, as the roof slanted at a sharp angle.
The room had two of everything, one set full-size, the other half-size, for a child. There were two make-up tables. The larger one had only black make-up. The smaller one had a plastic yellow chair with a picture of Cinderella on it.
“Maisie?” he said.
There was no reply.
“If you’re in here, you can come out,” he said.
More silence.
Chris headed back down the stairs to the ground floor, his footsteps heavy, his mind numb and unreactive. He had the presence of mind to take his old phone out of his pocket and dialled the emergency services.
“Which service do you require?” the automated voice said. “Press one for police. Press two for the ambulance service. Press three for the fire brigade. Press four for the coastguard.”
Chris pressed one. There was a busy dial tone.
“All services are busy at the moment,” the automated voice said. “Please wait a moment.”
The whole roof of downstairs was now thick with steam from the kettle. Chris felt like he was heading into a forbidden crypt, and with what he’d found he supposed that’s what it was. The kitchen was a sauna. The moisture beaded on his face and ran down his neck. He turned the kettle off. It gave a relieved whistle. If ever he needed coffee, it was then. He picked up the kettle and poured the water into the cup, but there was only a dribble left. Mixed with the large mound of coffee granules, it produced a thick mud-like sludge.
The music on the phone stopped and the automated voice again said, “All services are busy at the moment. Please wait a moment.”
Chris’s eyes drifted over the photographs of his family, the happy memories and the holidays. They weren’t always happy. In fact, they rarely were with Chris around, but frozen like that in nanosecond blinks of time he could at least pretend they were happy. He felt a hot lump form in the back of his throat and his eyes began to sting. He tore his eyes way from the photos. His eyes fell upon the floor. It took a moment for him to realise what he was staring at. He started.
The shoes and tube socks were gone, along with Emily’s body. The single knife Emily had had in her dying hand was still there, untouched. A slow smile spread across Chris’s face. He shook his head in gentle reprimand.
“I swear, I’ll never drink again,” he said.
His bunched-up muscles surrendered to relief at the thought he’d imagined it all. He let out a sigh. And then he paused. Beside the knife, about where Emily’s mouth would have been, something caught the light. He kneeled down, peering close. It was small, and darkened the grey carpet. A small pool of saliva.
The floorboards behind Chris creaked. Something leapt from the kettle’s steam like a wraith from hell, and grabbed Chris from behind. A low moan escaped the lips of his assailant.
Chris turned, but couldn’t get a good view of him. He could tell by the weight of the body that he was not strong. Chris ran forward into the living room, and then abruptly stopped and changed direction, breaking his assailant’s grip.
“Why did you murder my wife and daughter?” Chris said, whirling on the man.
The assailant turned, and Chris’s breath caught in his throat.
“Emily?” he said. “Emily, what are you doing?”
Emily opened her mouth wide and hissed at him. Chris backed away, startled, and tripped over the sofa. Emily darted forward. Chris threw his legs up, performing a backward roll. Emily bit the sofa where his legs had been.
“Listen, Emily,” Chris said. “If this is about increasing your allowance, this isn’t the right way to go about it.”
Emily limped forward. Chris picked up a cushion and hit Emily over the head with it, knocking her off course and onto the floor. Her head smacked against the broken TV.
The knives still protruded from her back, like the plates of a stegosaurus. They glinted and caught the sun as Emily looked up at him. She opened her mouth, and a low groan of death escaped her lips, her pale, milky-white eyes not really looking at him, but through him.
“I’m sorry, Emily,” Chris said. “I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
But Emily was already back up, thick blood oozing out of a narrow cut to her face. He’d only ever seen her this angry once, when he refused to pay for Foo Fighter concert tickets.
“Emily,” Chris said, “calm down.”
She stumbled toward him again. Chris swung the cushion, but she was coming too fast. She caught hold of his shirt, pulled her head back, widened her mouth and lowered her teeth toward his throat.
Chris pushed her back, and her teeth clamped together hard, missing his flesh. But she still maintained her grip. Chris thrust her forward again. This time she flew back, her fingers tearing the buttons off his top.
“You bitch!” Chris said. “You know this is my best shirt!”
Emily roared, spittle flying. Chris felt tiny droplets rain over his face, neck and arms.
He turned and ran out of the house, slamming the door behind himself. There was a bang as Emily pressed herself up against the window, smearing the blood from the gash on her cheek against the glass. There was a wild ferociousness in her features he’d never seen before, like a wild animal caught in a trap.
Then Chris heard another knocking sound. He looked up at the window of the main bedroom and stared in horror at Sharon as she pressed herself up against the glass. The blanket he’d wrapped around her shoulders was still there, draped like a superhero’s cape. Her mouth was wide open. Her eyes stared down at him without an ounce of recognition.
“This is too much for one day,” Chris said.
A door down the street flew open and Peter Sullivan, of number thirty-six, backed out of his house, mouth and eyes wide with fear. He was staring at something standing at the entrance to his house.
Then the door to number thirty-three slammed open, and pensioner Jessica Hoon ambled out with drunken footsteps down the garden path. She wore a headscarf and a green gardener’s coat. She tripped over her own feet and impaled herself on the spiked metal fence that encircled her property. She peered at the spike through her stomach with an expression of confusion. She turned and looked at the people emerging into the street with her milky white eyes. She hissed at them, producing a whistling sound as the air passed through her front teeth, the only ones she had left.
A door burst open behind Chris. Mr Bryant, who lived across the road, stepped out of his house. He stopped, peered up and down the street, and then looked at Chris.
“Are you one of them?” he said.
“One of what?”
“The zombies.”
“Zombies?” Chris said. “No. What the hell’s going on? Is it Scare-The-Shit-Out-Of-Chris-Smith Day today, or something?”
“Them there is what we call the undead, my lad,” Mr Bryant said, as if talking about the weather.
Mr Bryant was a short bulbous man with a big red nose. He wore a floppy red hat come rain or shine, and if given a fishing rod would have fit in perfectly well with Jessica Hoon’s prized gnome collection.
“They’re what?” Chris said.
“They’ve all become the undead. Rampaging, raging, destructive beasts, the lot of them. I know they don’t look it now, but give them a few days to swell their ranks, and our days will be well and truly numbered. You mark my words.”
“But where did they come from?”
Mr Bryant looked Chris up and down.
“Don’t tell me a man of your age doesn’t know about zombies and the like?” he said. “They’re all the rage these days! There’s films, comic books, novels, games… There’s even a TV show starring Andrew Lincoln!”
“Who’s Andrew Lincoln?”
“The fella with the boards with writing on in Love, Actually. I was sceptical he’d be able to pull the part off, to be honest, but he does bloody well.”
“So, what do I need to know?”
“Well, they’re slow-moving creatures. No faster than a walk, normally, if fiction has got any truth to it. Their real advantage is large groups. They can defeat anything if their numbers are big enough, and they will be – in the towns and cities. So, make sure to stay away from them as much as possible. They say the only way to kill a zombie is to destroy the brain. Why that is, when they’re hardly using it on a daily basis is a mystery to me, but there it is.”
“What about silver bullets?” Chris said. “Do they work?”
“Boy, you really don’t know about zombies, do you? Here,” he said, reaching into a deep pocket on his coat and producing a book, “read this. It’s my Bible.”
Chris looked at the cover. It showed a fiery explosion with a shadow emerging from it.
“World War Z,” Mr Bryant said. “It changed my life. I never thought I’d see the day when a zombie apocalypse would come to Nottingham. But here it is!”
“Wait,” Chris said. “How is it Sharon and Emily, and all these other people became zombies, but I didn’t?”
“They must have had some kind of contact with them.”
“If Sharon had been necking with a zombie, I’d know about it.”
“It doesn’t have to be kissing, although that is a possibility. A bite or a scratch or even a sneeze can do it.”
“Wait. Can do what?”
“Can turn you into one of them. That’s all it takes: a bite, a scratch, or sneeze.”
“A sneeze?” Chris said with rising alarm.
He reached up and touched his face. His fingertips came away with red spots.
“I got sneezed on,” he said, “but I haven’t changed. That means there’s nothing wrong with me, right?”
“Well, you’d have thought so, wouldn’t you? But that’s where you’re wrong. It’s genuinely interesting. You see, in all the films and books and everything else, a zombie becomes a zombie pretty much instantly. But guess what? It’s not true! In real life, the gestation period of zombies takes eight hours. You get infected, you become a carrier. You’re not a zombie yet, but in eight hours you start to feel real sleepy, and when you wake up, ZOONK! That’s it! You’re gone. You’re dead. And now you’re a zombie.”
“Great,” Chris said. “That’s really uplifting. So, I’m going to turn into one of those things in eight hours?”
Chris lifted his watch and accessed the stopwatch feature. He set a countdown for:
7 HOURS 55 MINUTES
Mr Bryant slapped Chris on the back.
“Don’t worry,” he said. “I’m not afraid of you. I’m a fellow carrier too! It doesn’t kick in for another eight hours. You can do anything you want, and there’s no need to worry about the ramifications! Because in eight hours you’ll be dead anyway! I’ve got three hours left, myself.”
He pulled up his sleeve, revealing a wrinkled, warty and saggy arm of skin. He gestured to a missing mouth-sized chunk.
“See here?” he said. “Margaret bit me with her dentures. I never thought they’d have been strong enough to bite through flesh – she always has trouble with meat – but she did. I was quite shocked, believe me. It’s not so bad for me, I’m getting on in years. I’ve done most of what I wanted to do in life. I feel sorry for the little ones, though. It’s a terrible shame when they turn. Then again, a lot of the teenagers I see these days, they might not even notice the difference.”
Chris looked up at the house that had been his home. Sharon banged her head against the window upstairs, while Emily did the same downstairs.
“Isn’t there some medicine?” Chris said. “A cure? Something?”
The old man shook his head.
“They’re probably working on one as we speak,” he said, “but I’ve been watching the news and I haven’t heard anything.”
“This doesn’t seem real.”
“Oh, it’s surreal all right,” Mr Bryant said. “But that doesn’t mean it isn’t happening.”
“Is it only here it’s happening?”
“Where have you been?” Mr Bryant said. “Haven’t you been watching the news? It’s been on all day every day for the past week! Were you under a rock somewhere?”
“Yes,” Chris said, “actually I was. The Rock pub. But they tend not to show anything other than the football. They’re probably in there now, completely unaware.”
“It’s not a bad way to be, I suppose.”
Chris’s mouth felt dry and he suddenly felt desperate for a drink.
“What are you going to do?” Mr Bryant said.
“I don’t know,” Chris said.
“This is the end the crazy guys wearing signs always kept going on about. This is the end, my friend. The good news is, you can do anything you want. Anything at all. The only question is, what do you want to do?”
A rasping hoarse voice came from Mr Bryant’s house.
“I’d best go,” he said. “I’ve got to give Margaret her lunch.”
He rolled up his other sleeve, where he had several other missing lumps.
“She’s very hungry these days,” he said. “I just hope she isn’t in the mood for rump steak.”
Mr Bryant headed back into his house. More doors banged open up and down the street. Figures lumbered out from their homes like characters at a shooting range. And though he wasn’t a good shot, Chris wished he had a gun.
The Brayer twins from down the road, hellions at the best of times, had matching bites to their arms and head, each missing an ear. At least we’ll be able to tell them apart now, Chris thought. But his smile faded when the twins turned their cloudy milk eyes on him.
Chris backed away and ran across the ring road, back into the relative safety of the countryside.

Z-MINUS: 7 HOURS 44 MINUTES
Chris came to a stop on a windy bluff of hill that overlooked the town. He panted lightly from the exertion, the muscles in his calves burning. He put his hands on his head to expand his lungs and catch his breath. Smoke rose from a dozen locations within the city, each a different hue of grey. Sirens rose and fell like bird mating calls, each louder and shriller than the last.
Chris took his phone out of his pocket and hit the internet icon. He was greeted by big recurring headlines: ‘THE DEAD RISE!’ ‘ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE!’ ‘DAWN OF THE DEAD!’ There were hundreds and thousands of images and videos of people lumbering across paddy fields, mountain tops, deserts, cityscapes. There was even a video of the moment a body reanimated, dead body rising, getting to its feet, and then biting a doctor who was crouched over him. Chris felt numb.
He turned to descend the slope that led to Nottingham Forest, former home of Robin Hood. If anywhere provided sanctuary, surely it was there? He came to a stop.
A little girl stood before him. She had shoulder length frizzy hair and a round face. She wore a blue duffle coat with mittens that ran around the back. She was looking at him with something approaching curiosity. Her eyes were big, brown, and soulful.
“Maisie?” Chris said. “What are you doing here?”
“I followed you,” Maisie said in her sweet voice.
“Have you been bitten?”
“No.”
“I thought you were dead.”
She shook her head.
“Come here,” Chris said.
She hesitated, and then approached him. Chris wrapped his arms around her, holding her tight. It felt awkward for them both.
“Where have you been?” Chris said.
“I was at home. Behind the curtain in the living room.”
“The whole time? Why didn’t you come out when I came home?”
“I wasn’t sure if you were one of them or not.”
“I might not look like George Clooney but I don’t look that rough!”
Maisie didn’t reply. She often didn’t. She had a studious air that always made her look thoughtful and distant. Definitely not something she’d inherited from Chris.
“Thanks for the vote of confidence,” Chris said. “Did you see what happened to your mum and sister?”
Maisie nodded.
“Can you tell me?” Chris said.
Maisie’s mouth formed an upside down ‘U’. She sniffed and wiped the tears out of her eyes. She shook her head.
“Are you sure you don’t want to talk about it?” Chris said. “Talking makes it better.”
Maisie took a few deep breaths.
“I’ll try,” she said with a sniffle. “We went food shopping yesterday. A man fell over. His wife leaned over him to help him, and then suddenly he got up. He attacked her. People tried to stop him, but he was too crazy. We tried to run, but he came out of nowhere and attacked us. He bit Mum and scratched Emily on the arm. We got home, and Mum cleaned their cuts while I watched TV.
“There were videos on the news of people who died and then came back to life. The man said if I knew someone who had headaches, cold sweats, shakes, and then went to sleep, that I should run away. Or kill them.
“So, I went into the kitchen to get the knives. I stood over Emily, but I couldn’t do it. I went upstairs to Mum. I couldn’t kill her either. Mum took the knives off me and told me to stay upstairs. I heard her go down into the living room. There were voices, some crying, and then silence. Mum came back upstairs.
“Her eyes were swollen and red, and she was covered in blood up to her elbows. She told me to go downstairs and hide somewhere safe until someone came who could take care of me. She kissed me on the cheek. I left her and went and hid behind the curtains. It was always my favourite hiding place when we played hide and seek.
“I could see Emily’s body on the floor. There were knives sticking out of it. I cried and cried and cried, leaving a wet patch running down the curtain like a big tissue. I thought about hiding somewhere else, but I would only keep crying, so I stayed there. Then you came home. I didn’t know if you should count as someone Mum said could take care of me, so I waited.
“While you were upstairs, Emily rose. I was so happy I thought maybe she was still alive, but when she turned around and I saw her milky white eyes, I knew the truth. She went through to the kitchen and stumbled down the stairs into the basement. I think you know the rest.”
Maisie wiped her eyes with her sleeve.
“I’m sorry you had to see that,” Chris said.
“You haven’t been infected, have you?” Maisie said. “I don’t think I could face it if you had.”
Chris hesitated.
“No,” he said. “No, I haven’t.”
Maisie sniffed and nodded her head. They turned to look out at the remains of the town before them.
“It doesn’t seem real, does it?” Maisie said.
Chris looked at her.
“No,” he said, “it doesn’t.”
“What are we going to do now?”
“‘We’?” Chris said. “‘We’ aren’t going to do anything. I’m going to walk this way.”
He turned and stepped toward the forest.
“Then what am I going to do?” Maisie said.
“You do whatever you want.”
“But… Mum said I should find someone to take care of me.”
“Sounds like a good idea.”
“We should stick together.”
“Why?”
“Because you’re my dad. If you’re not the right person, who is?”
“I’m not going to look after you, Mais. I can barely look after myself. If you hadn’t noticed, there’s an apocalypse.”
He took a few more steps toward the forest, the darkness welcoming and inviting. His footsteps crunched on the fallen foliage beneath his boots. The ground was covered with thin vines like green spider webs. The trees absorbed the city’s frantic squawking.
Then he heard twigs snap behind him. Heart in his throat, he spun to meet his assailant. His shoulders relaxed.
“Maisie, get out of here!” he said.
She said nothing, but she had that bull headed look in her eye she had inherited from her mother.
“I’m not taking you with me,” Chris said. “It’s every man for himself now, and you’ll only slow me down.”
“But I’m your daughter!”
“I don’t care! Get out of here! Go!”
“No!”
Chris bent down and picked up a handful of small sharp stones.
“I said go!”
“No!”
Chris threw a stone. It bounced at Maisie’s feet. She took a step closer.
“Don’t you dare!” Chris said. “Go!”
She pressed her lips together and approached him. Chris threw another stone. It struck her arm and made a dirty smudge. It must have hurt, but she didn’t make a sound. She looked up at him, her eyes shimmering with tears of rage.
“Get out of here or I’ll give you a good hiding,” Chris said.
She didn’t move.
“I said go!” Chris said, showing her the back of his hand.
But she didn’t quail. She thrust her chin up in defiance.
“Leave,” Chris said softly. “Find someone to take care of you. I couldn’t do it before all this kicked off. I certainly can’t do it now.”
Maisie just stared at him.
“You’re just going to stare at me?” Chris said. “You’re not going to say anything? Go. I don’t want to see you following me. Understand?”
Maisie bit her bottom lip, a sure sign she was about to cry. She shifted from foot to foot.
“So, what should I do?” she said.
“What is anyone going to do? Find somewhere safe and stay there.”
“But now Mum and Emily are gone, I don’t have anyone else left.”
“You must have friends, don’t you? Or family? Go to your Aunt Beatrix. She’s just on the other side of town.”
“I can’t get there on my own.”
Chris shrugged.
“What other choice have you got?” he said.
“You could take me. What else have you got to do?”
Chris looked out at the woods. Just what was he going to do? Wander around out there until his time was up? Hardly a great way to end his life, but it was better than babysitting.
“Grow up,” Chris said. “You can’t be a baby anymore.”
He turned and headed deeper into the woods. Twigs snapped behind him. Chris rolled his eyes.
“Didn’t you hear what I just said?” he said.
“It wasn’t me. I didn’t move.”
Another sound, of crushed leaves this time. Somewhere to their left. And then another footstep, closer.
“Make sure I get there safe,” Maisie said in a low voice. “It’s what Mum would have wanted.”
Maisie’s hands were clenched into tight balls in the folds of her skirt. She looked small and helpless. Chris sighed.
“All right,” he said. “I’ll get you to your aunt’s house. But once we’re there, that’s it. I’m leaving. Understand?”
Maisie nodded. Chris let out another deep sigh and shook his head.
“Family,” he said. “All they ever get you is trouble.”

Z-MINUS: 7 HOURS 21 MINUTES
Aunt Beatrix lived in a swanky part of town. The walls were clean of graffiti and people ordinarily said “Hello,” and “Good morning,” to one another. Chris always felt like a turd on a parquet floor whenever he went there.
He was pleased to see the neighbourhood had received an apocalyptic-style makeover. A large delivery truck had ploughed into the communal garden, knocking the black iron-wrought fence over and uprooting a tree. A pack of wild Chihuahuas and Maltese roamed the streets, picking over rubbish left at the side of the road.
Chris led Maisie down the pavement to a house on the corner of the street. He tugged on Maisie’s coat collar and zipped it up to keep her warm. He brushed her hair back out of her face.
“Behave yourself at Aunt Beatrix’s house, all right?” Chris said. “Don’t be a pain. I’m sure she’ll take good care of you. You’re family, which means it’s okay to take advantage.”
Maisie nodded.
“I will, Chris,” she said.
“You ought to call me Dad,” Chris said.
“I will when you start acting like one.”
No heartfelt goodbyes, no tearful hugs. Good. That was the way Chris liked it. Chris rang the doorbell, ran across the street, and stood behind a tree.
Maisie looked tiny before the tall door. Chris checked his watch. He still had a little over seven hours left. Maisie turned and looked back at Chris. She shrugged. Chris waited a little longer, but nothing happened.
He crossed the street back to the house and knocked on it. He pressed the doorbell twice, and then kept his finger on it. He banged on the door with the fleshy part of his fist.
“Come on!” he said. “Open up! We’ve got a little girl here!”
Maisie spotted a piece of paper curled up into a tiny scroll and stuffed into the mouth of an empty milk bottle. She opened it.
“What’s that?” Chris said.
Maisie handed it to him.
“You read it,” he said. “What does it say?”
“‘Gone away for a while’,” Maisie read. “‘Please stop delivering milk to this address. Regards, Beatrix Strand.”
Chris threw up his hands.
“Well, that’s just great!” he said. “Talk about good timing. Only your aunt would think to leave a message for the milkman during the apocalypse.”
“What do we do now?”
“What do you want from me?” Chris said. “I said I would get you to your Aunt Beatrix’s, and I have. Mission complete. That’s it. Book closed. We don’t have any more family around here. I’m sure your aunt has lots of food in the cupboard. You’ll have to stay here and take care of yourself.”
“I can’t,” Maisie said. “I’m only eight.”
“So? When I was your age I had to look after my brothers every day. If I could do it, so can you.”
“I’ll just come with you,” Maisie said.
“No. Definitely not. Out of the question.”
“Why? I’ll help you with cooking and cleaning. It’ll be an adventure.”
“This is an adult adventure. You’re underage. No, we have to find somewhere safe for you. There must be something we can do…”
Chris clicked his fingers.
“That’s it!” he said. “I’ll take you to Jerome’s. You like Jerome, don’t you? Everyone likes Jerome. Dad’s old drinking buddy. Nobody would bother biting him. He’d taste like aniseed.”
Maisie shook her head and took a step back.
“No,” she said.
“I don’t blame you,” Chris said. “He’s the last person I’d want to spend time with at the end of the world too. But what other choice do you have?”
Maisie kicked her foot and looked at the ground.
“Granny lives in the countryside…” she said.
“That’s because she needs somewhere to mix up her cauldron where no one can see,” Chris said. “I’m not taking you there. It’s too far.”
Maisie hung her head. The pack of dogs approached the step and sniffed at her shiny shoes.
“Ya!” Chris said, kicking at the dogs.
They growled and moved on. Chris checked his watch.
He did have time to take her, but was this how he really wanted to spend the last few hours of his life? Maisie was still staring at him with her big brown eyes, clutching her arms around her body. She had the expression her mother always wore when there was something in a shop she wanted to buy but she didn’t have the money to purchase it. Chris was suddenly swept up in a tide of emotion that he could only put at the feet of his recent losses. He sighed.
“Fine,” he said. “I’ll take you. But I’m making a few stops on the way.”
Maisie beamed.
“Thank you, thank you, thank you!” she said. “You won’t regret it, I swear! I’ll be the best daughter ever! You’ll see!”
“I already said yes. You don’t have to sell me.”
They turned and walked away from Aunt Beatrix’s house. Maisie put her hand in Chris’s. He pulled his hand away, disliking the feel.
“Your Granny’s been living like it’s the apocalypse for twenty years,” Chris said. “She’s the ideal person to take care of you.”
“But granny’s is far away,” Maisie said. “How are we going to get there?”
“With a car, of course.”

Z-MINUS: 6 HOURS 58 MINUTES
Clive’s Cars was a dealership that took up half of Nottingham’s industrial estate. With every type of vehicle under the sun, it was the best-stocked dealership in the county. Chris moved along the sports cars, his eye tracing the smooth curves of the Porsches. He came to a Porsche 911.
“I always wanted to drive one of these,” Chris said.
“It looks nice,” Maisie said, “but it does the same thing as cheaper cars, doesn’t it?”
“Yes,” he said. “But faster. This was the pinnacle of automotive engineering, once upon a time.”
Chris took a screwdriver out of his pocket.
“But thankfully,” he said, “its level of security doesn’t match.”
Three zombies wearing matching Nottingham United shirts ambled toward them. One had a rope around his neck, the end trailing along the ground. Another had deep cuts along his wrists. They came to an open top speedster and climbed over it, onto the leather seats.
“We’d better hurry,” Chris said as he bent over the Porsche.
There was a snap sound, and a loud BANG! as a man with a bandana and shotgun ran at the zombies, unloading into them.
“Do you mind,” BANG! “not stepping” BANG! “on the leather seats,” BANG! “please.”
The man blew imaginary smoke off the barrel.
The zombies lay sprawled over the vehicle, their innards now outards, decorating the car. The man turned to Maisie and Chris, who hastily tucked his screwdriver away.
“Sorry about that,” the man said. “Getting the wrong sort around here these days. This neighbourhood has really gone downhill.”
He beamed and extended a hand.
“My name’s Clive. I’m the owner of this dealership. I can see you’re interested in the Porsche?”

Z-MINUS: 6 HOURS 47 MINUTES
Clive led them into the main dealership building. On display were their gems: a Bentley Mulsanne and a 1963 Jaguar XKE. They were polished to a high shine. Clive took them through to his office. It was the only one that was occupied.
“What happened to the other salesmen?” Chris said.
“Bunch of quitters,” Clive said. “They hear it’s the ‘end of the world’ and they run a mile. Some of us are made of sterner stuff.”
Clive hung his bandana from a hat stand and leaned the shotgun against the wall in the corner.
“I love it here,” he said. “To the others it was always just a job. To me it’s a passion. Would you like tea? Coffee?”
“No, thanks,” Chris said. “We need to get going as soon as we can.”
“Gotcha. Time is of the essence. Let me just pull up the car’s information here. It’ll just take a minute.”
Clive clicked on his computer. There was a pause as the file loaded.
“So,” Chris said, fishing for a topic of conversation. “The whole zombie apocalypse thing doesn’t bother you?”
“Not in the slightest. It’s a fad, a hiccough. It’ll pass and things will be right back the way they were.”
“Well, you know, a lot of people have died.”
“A lot of people always die. It’s just blown out of all proportion on the news and what have you. Look at SARS. What happened to that? Came and went like crabs on a whore.”
He didn’t seem to notice Maisie was there.
“Chris,” Maisie said, “what’s a who-?”
“I’ll tell you later.”
Clive looked at Maisie with a smile.
“She’s cute,” he said. “She your girlfriend?”
“She’s eight.”
“Hey, I don’t judge. God knows we’ve all got our preferences.”
“She’s my daughter.”
“Ah. Right. Now I see the resemblance.”
“How’s the file coming along?” Chris said, voice fringed with disgust.
“Almost there. They say that when the zombies bite you, you’ve got eight hours left to live. Do you think that’s true?”
“Apparently.”
“Why eight hours? Why not twenty four or forty eight? You could do a lot in that sort of time. But eight hours?”
Clive shook his head.
“Better off just going to work,” he said. “They say you start suffering side effects and changes, but I haven’t noticed anything yet.”
Chris frowned.
“You haven’t noticed what yet?” he said.
“Side effects. I was bitten about, I don’t know, about seven hours ago, I reckon. No, maybe seven and a half. But I haven’t suffered any side effects.”
Just then, his eye dropped from its socket and hung by the optic nerve on his cheek.
Clive hadn’t noticed, and smiled.
“Here we are,” he said. “Here’s the information.”
Maisie squeaked and looked away. Clive smiled, mistaking her outburst for excitement.
“It’s a ten percent deposit and two percent payment per month with an interest fee of three percent,” he said.
Chris pointed to Clive’s cheek.
“You’ve, uh, got something on your cheek there,” he said.
“I just had breakfast,” Clive said. “I always manage to get some on my face.”
He wiped his cheek.
“There,” he said, “did I get it?”
“No, it’s, uh, a little higher.”
Clive tried again, this time nudging the eyeball and causing it to rock side to side. Maisie made another squeak and dry retched.
“A little bit higher,” Chris said. “Closer to your eye…”
“Hey, I’m not afraid of another man touching me,” Clive said, leaning forward. “Get a tissue. Wipe it off for me, would ya?”
“For God’s sake, man! It’s your eyeball! It’s hanging from your eye socket!”
Clive turned to his computer monitor, and looked at his reflection in the glass.
“Oh yeah,” he said. “So it is.”
Clive pushed it back into his skull and blinked, returning to normal.
“They say your body begins to sag when you hit forty,” Clive said. “You don’t look forty yet. You’re about, what, thirty-two? Thirty-three? In ten years you’ll notice the same things happening to your body. It’s nature. We can’t fight it. So, how do those terms sound? Pretty tasty, right?”
Chris handed over his credit card without taking his eyes off Clive.
“No negotiating?” Clive said. “That’s new. Would you at least like to take it for a test drive?”
“No,” Chris said, feeling sick to his stomach. “I’d just sooner be on my way.”

Z-MINUS: 6 HOURS 31 MINUTES
“She sure is a beaut,” Clive said. “I think you’ve fleeced me on this one. I ought to have charged a lot more.”
Clive tossed the keys to Chris.
“She’s all yours,” he said. “She comes with a full tank, so you’ll get at least five miles out of her. I’m just kidding! But seriously, make sure to fill up often.”
Chris got into the Porsche, Maisie on the other side. She still couldn’t bear to look at Clive. Chris wound down his window.
“Can I ask you something?” Chris said to Clive.
“Fire away.”
“What made you stay here after you got bitten?”
Clive shrugged.
“You’ve got to do something during the last few hours of your life on this earth,” he said.
“But why not spend it with family or friends?”
“I figured I ought to do the thing that I love most in the world: selling cars.”
Chris nodded. He put the car into first and drove away. In the rear view mirror he saw Clive put on his bandana, pump his shotgun, and head toward some approaching zombies.

Z-MINUS: 6 HOURS 16 MINUTES
The grey of the city gave way to the greens and yellows of the surrounding countryside. The roads were windy, and although Chris was itching to open up the Porsche, he drove steady.
The road wound up a steep hill. Chris changed down a gear to power up the incline. He could feel the engine through the seat and steering wheel, and let it work up his arms and back. At the apex of the hill, the road turned left, almost doubling back on itself, and there, nestled below them between the folds of three large hilly mounds was the town of Nottingham. A few fires still raged, the smoke rising like Giant Egret plumes in a nobleman’s hat.
“Let’s play a game,” Maisie said.
“Like what?”
“Let’s talk about all the things we’ll miss in the old world.”
“All right.”
Maisie closed her eyes and thought for a moment.
“Ah!” she said. “I’ll miss watching cartoons on weekends.”
There was a pause.
“Now what?” Chris said.
“Now you say something you’ll miss.”
He blew out a long puff of air.
“I’ll miss… not sleeping in on weekends.”
“But you can still do that.”
“All right… I’ll miss… I can’t think of anything.”
“Won’t you miss all the food from the old world?”
Chris shook his head.
“Never really been into food,” he said.
“You loved Mum’s shepherd’s pie.”
“I pretended to love your mum’s cooking.”
“Really? You’re a good actor.”
“I try.”
“Drink, then. You must miss that.”
Chris nodded.
“But there’s still plenty of that in the world,” he said.
“TV!” Maisie said. “There’s lots of great shows on these days.”
“Never really watch it.”
“Football?”
“Only while drinking. If it’s not on, I’m not bothered.”
“Films?”
“No.”
“Art?”
Chris looked at her with a flat expression.
“Okay, not art,” Maisie said.
She frowned. She opened her mouth, and then closed it.
“There must be something you’ll miss,” she said.
Chris’s expression became far away then, as if he were trying to see into the distance but couldn’t quite make out what was there.
“There is,” he said finally. “But it’s not something anyone can give back to me. It’s gone forever now.”
There was a long pause.
“I miss her too,” Maisie said.
Chris looked over at his daughter sitting beside him, a miniature version of her mother. He felt a lump grow in the back of his throat. He concentrated on driving.
“I just need to make a quick stop,” Chris said.
He turned left and followed the road around a long blind bend. He came to a remote village called Bingham. The inhabitants were busy nailing boards to house windows, no doubt barricading themselves in for a long wait. Chris came out the opposite end of the village and rounded a few more bends before coming to a building by the side of the road.
It was white-washed with pretty pink flowers in handmade pine flower boxes. Half a dozen cars and a handful of old bikes stood outside it. The building had a big picture of a stone on it, and the words, ‘The Rock Pub’. Chris went inside.
Daylight was not welcome in the dingy interior. Heavy curtains had been put up over the windows. The place smelled of old wood and dashed dreams.
“Afternoon, Christopher,” Amy the barmaid said. “I’m surprised to see you back here so soon. Then again, you’re in here more than you’re at home, so I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised. What can I get you?”
“A bottle of whiskey, please. To go.”
Amy put her hand on her hip and leaned on the bar with her other arm. Despite her oversized proportions she was an attractive woman with smooth skin.
“Now, you’re not thinking of swigging this while you’re driving now, are you?” she said.
“No, of course not.”
“All right. But if I hear rumours of your drink driving, I’ll bar you.”
It was an empty threat, Chis knew. In all her twenty years of being barmaid at The Rock, she had never once barred anyone.
“Fair enough,” Chris said.
“I’ve got the big bottle, or the mini-bar sized ones. Good for a single gulp.”
“The small one’s enough,” Chris said. “Oh, and a fizzy drink, please.”
Amy raised her eyebrows at that, but said nothing.
“That’s eight pounds twenty pence,” she said.
Chris handed over a tenner. While Amy got his change, Chris looked around at the pub’s patrons. The regulars were still there from the previous night, hunched over their drinks alone at the bar or at a table. Even those with friends said nothing.
Chris was going to miss this place. He was glad he got to see it one last time. Amy handed him his change.
“Have a good one,” Chris said.
“You too,” Amy said.
Chris handed the fizzy drink to Maisie as he got into the car.
“What’s that for?” Maisie said, gesturing to the miniature bottle of whiskey Chris had in his hand.
“A special moment,” he said.
He tucked it into his pocket, released the clutch and drove off.

Z-MINUS: 6 HOURS 2 MINUTES
Before him was a long stretch of empty road that disappeared over the horizon. He sucked in a deep breath and let it out between his teeth.
“Shall we see what this thing can really do?” Chris said.
Maisie double-checked her seatbelt was in place, and then leaned back into the hard leather. She nodded.
Chris shifted into first gear and floored the accelerator. As the needle rose up the speedometer, Chris and Maisie were pushed back into their seats. Chris let the car veer over into another lane. He slammed the car into second. The engine roared like a caged animal. Third gear. The car only had ten thousand miles on the clock and sang like it was new. Fourth gear. The needle poked the number 120 in the eye. Fifth gear. Chris felt a thread of fear as his slightest touch on the steering wheel made the car jerk to one side.
“At this rate we’ll be at your granny’s in no time!” Chris said.
A smudge on the horizon grew darker. It took the form of a car, lying half in the verge, half out, the doors thrown open, the boot up, its contents spilled across the road. It wasn’t another hundred yards before another car, in a similar state of undress, appeared. Then the cars came in twos and threes. Windows had been smashed, blood edged the yawning glass like a monster’s lipstick.
Chris slowed down and weaved between the cars. Glass lay strewn across the road and shimmered like salt flats. They came to a gradual stop before a huge barricade of cars. They were parked bumper to bumper, save for an empty trail, like a giant snake had passed through it, pushing the cars to either side.
“Doesn’t look good to me,” Maisie said.
“But this pathway might go all the way through to the end.”
“It might not.”
Chris placed his hand on the gearstick.
“This motorway could cut a lot of time off our journey,” he said.
“We should find another way.”
“I say we take a look. What’s the worst that can happen?”
Chris put the car into gear and edged forward. The speedometer never went over thirty miles per hour. Not a sound came from the parked cars.
“Where do you think the people in the cars all went?” Maisie said.
“Away from here.”
They came to a pinch point. Two cars jutted from either side into the clear trail, leaving a narrow gap. Chris slowed and edged through it. The wing mirrors high-fived one another.
They continued for another five hundred yards until they got to a huge tanker that lay on its side. The back half of a bus had been crushed, and forced into a cartoon cheese wedge shape. The tanker had attempted to knock the bus aside, but instead drove up the bus-ramp and fell onto its side. A sea of cars spread out before them.
“We’re never going to get through all this,” Chris said.
“It’s worse than you think,” Maisie said.
“Why’s that?”
Maisie pointed out the window with her stubby finger. An ocean of living dead stumbled toward them, heads lolling to the side and stiff-jointed limbs swaggering. The low groan of death rose up like a giant tidal wave. They stumbled into the parked cars and doors that had been thrown open in haste, ambling toward the Porsche.
“At least we know where the drivers went,” Chris said.
“Let’s get out of here!”
Chris grabbed the gearstick and slammed it into reverse. He put his hand on the back of Maisie’s headrest and hit the accelerator. The wheels spun, frictionless, and then caught. The car flew backward. Maisie jolted forward in her seat, the seatbelt failing to catch.
They came to the pinch point. Chris hit the brakes, the front end swerving side to side.
“I’ll never drive through that backwards,” Chris said. “I’m going to have to do a three point turn. Or maybe a fifty-point turn.”
He hit the brakes and reversed as far as the car would go sideways, and then edged forward, backward, forward, backward, forward, each time moving an inch in the right direction.
Maisie could make out the whites of the zombies’ eyes, the pearls of blood on their pale skin, like a clown’s make-up around their mouths. The zombies, although slow, never ceased, never stopped, and kept coming.
“Chris!” Maisie said. “They’re here! They’re here!”
Chris sent the car forward, shifted into reverse, turned the wheel, and went backward. The Porsche struck the car behind, jolting the sports car, and then sent it forward, where it struck the car in front.
A zombie’s face, missing its nose, pressed against the glass. Something moved inside the crevice. A beetle? A cockroach? Maisie wasn’t sure, but she screamed. Chris edged the car forward again.
The zombies pressed against the car like water against a dam. The car lifted off the ground, and the wheels turned but found no grip, throwing up choking smoke. One wheel pulled them forward, and they were finally facing the right direction.
Chris hit the accelerator, but they didn’t move. The zombies had hold of the car. One wheel wasn’t strong enough to pull away. Chris shifted into reverse and hit the accelerator, but with no purchase, the car couldn’t force itself free.
“Damn it!” Chris said. “Maisie, you get in the driving seat. I’ll go out and distract them.”
“You can’t!”
“There’s no other way! I wish there was, but there’s not!”
Chris gritted his teeth and lashed out with his fists, hitting the steering wheel. The horn blared. The car lowered a fraction. Not to the ground, but closer. Maisie looked out her window to see the zombies moving away from the car and toward the front where the horn sound had come from.
“They’re distracted by the horn!” Maisie said. “Hit it again!”
Chris pressed the horn and worked a tune. The car lowered further as more of the zombies moved toward the front of the car. The wheel touched down. Chris hit the accelerator. The Porsche jolted forward.
“Woohoo!” Chris said.
They came to the pinch point. They passed through it without slowing. The moment they were through, Chris hit the accelerator and worked his way up the gears, the zombies shrinking along with the horizon.
“That was close,” Maisie said.
“It was more than close. I need to make another stop.”
“What for?”
“I think I need to change my underpants.”

Z-MINUS: 5 HOURS 33 MINUTES
Another car flew toward them, moving in the opposite direction. Chris flashed his lights and honked his horn. He slowed down to speak with the driver, but the car didn’t stop and sped down the motorway.
“Cock,” Chris said. “He’s sure in for a surprise.”
He put his foot down and took the next slip road. He followed it up a hill. Chris came to a stop at the T-junction. Bushy foliage hid the road on both sides. He always hated this piece of road. He pulled out of the junction.
“We’re still making okay time,” Chris said. “Do you mind if we make a quick stop?”
“Sure.”
Chris slowed at a crossroads and turned right. The road was straight as an arrow for half a mile, and then became twisting and snake-like where every corner was blind. There was even a chicane, consisting of a pair of sharp corners that wound almost completely back up on themselves.
Chris pumped the clutch, brakes and accelerator, concentrating on the road. His heart beat fast like he was running a race. He was in the moment, pushing the Porsche to its limit in and out of the corners, and when the road levelled off and returned to a flat straight, the muscles in his arms and legs relaxed. He smiled. He always loved racing.
“That was fun, huh?” he said to Maisie.
Maisie’s eyes were wide, her arms and legs clinging to her seat. Clearly, she hadn’t found it quite so exciting as he had.
Chris pulled to a stop beside an old-fashioned post box built into an old flint wall. He got out of the car, its metal body ticking with cooling heat.
The leaves in the trees around them rustled with the strong wind. There was a large open field on the opposite side of the road and a manor house behind them on the other side. Chris picked up a smooth pebble and held it between his forefinger and thumb. He rubbed it.
“What’re we doing here?” Maisie said.
“This,” Chris said, smiling and standing in front of the post box, “is where I met your mother.”
Maisie eyed the post box uncertainly.
“Here?” he said.
“Yes. We knew each other before, but we never really spoke to each other. Then one day our friends decided to intervene. They said we were all going to meet up here and go on to the town together. Instead, me and your mum showed up and they didn’t. Your mother, faster on the uptake than me said, ‘I think we’ve been played’.
“We walked into town, talking all the way. We went to the pictures and watched a film. I think it was Indiana Jones. Then we went to the fish and chip shop. I didn’t have a lot of money on me, so it was lucky that your mum just wanted chips. I bought her some, but didn’t have enough for myself, so I just had a few of hers. That was our first date.”
Chris turned back to the post box.
“It all started here,” he said.
Maisie stood and looked around at the open fields. A flock of sheep stood grazing on a distant hill. It was calm and peaceful. Maisie nodded.
“It’s a good place for a relationship to start,” she said.
“At least it started on the right foot,” Chris said, a faintly sad smile on his face.
“Did you think about Mum much? Before all this zombie stuff happened, I mean.”
“Of course. Sometimes I’d be out drinking, knowing I should be at home with your mum and you, and your sister. But I needed to keep drinking, to keep burying my head in the sand.”
“Why?”
“Because sometimes adults do things they later regret.”
Maisie looked at him, the question painted clearly on her face, but she said nothing.
“Do you ever miss Mum?” Maisie said.
Chris rubbed the pebble between his fingers.
“Of course I miss her,” he said.
“Then how come you don’t talk about her?”
“Because sometimes it’s easier to get over something if you try to ignore it.”
“That’s not true. You should face it, otherwise it will become bad later.”
“And who are you? The brain expert?”
“No,” she said, unperturbed. “Mum always said it’s better to face our problems instead of running away from them.”
“I’m not running away.”
“Ignoring them, then.”
Chris leaned forward and stared at Maisie. She stared right back, and then raised her chin. Her signature bull headed expression.
“I’m not going to stop talking about her like she never existed,” Maisie said.
“It’s no good talking about the past. We can’t change it.”
“But we don’t want to forget it.”
Chris stopped rubbing the stone. He thought for a moment, and then stared into the distance.
“I already miss her,” Maisie said. “I’m going to miss the way she used to tuck me in at night, the way she used to heat up my milk for cornflakes on cold days. I already miss her, and it’s only been a few hours.”
“At least you’ll have your granny to take care of you now.”
“It’s not the same.”
“Of course it’s not. But at least you’ll have someone.”
Maisie smiled.
“And I’ll have you,” she said.
Chris tossed the stone aside.
“Let’s get back in the car,” he said. “We’ve still got a long way to go.”
As Maisie got into the car, Chris noticed his hands were shaking. He tucked them into his pockets.

Z-MINUS: 5 HOURS 14 MINUTES
The sign read ‘You are now entering Little Bytham’. Chris slowed down as they came to the thirty mile an hour speed limit.
Something caught the sunlight and glinted off the road ahead. There was a loud bang like someone had struck a balloon with a needle. The car veered left at a sharp angle and swung onto the verge. Maisie screamed. The Porsche did not take the land well. It skidded and rolled to a stop. Chris looked over at Maisie, who clung to her seatbelt tight, breathing short, deep breaths.
“Are you all right?” Chris said.
Her eyes were wide and startled.
“I’ll go check the damage,” Chris said.
He got out and walked around the car. The back left wheel had been sliced open and lay in rags. He walked back to the road and approached the area where he’d seen the objects glint in the sunlight.
The chewed-up rags of his car tyres stuck up between the long thick shards of glass like debris in a monster’s teeth. Chris opened the Porsche’s boot. In the back was a spare, but no jack.
“Perfect,” he said.
He put his hands on his hips and let out a sigh. He was facing the village of Little Bytham. He got back in the car. Maisie looked calmer now.
“I’m going to go see if there’s a garage in the village,” Chris said.
He started the engine and reversed. He put the car into first and edged it along the verge and onto the road. The shredded tyre flapped against the tarmac.
They passed large old buildings on the outskirts of the village, and then smaller terrace houses that backed up directly onto the road as they got into the centre. There was no one on the road. Chris let out a relieved sigh when he saw a large shed with the words, ‘George’s Garage’ written across the front in a plain black-on-white font.
The door was open. Chris drove the Porsche inside. The smell of oil, sweat and dirt hit him the moment he opened his door.
“Hello?” Chris said out loud.
The jack hung on the wall, where all the tools had been neatly organised. Chris moved to the door at the back of the garage that led to the office. He tried it, but it was locked.
“I don’t know if anyone’s there,” Chris said, “but we got a flat tyre on the way into the village and I don’t have a jack. I’m just going to use yours and then we’ll get out of here.”
Silence answered him. He took off his jacket and sat it on the backseat.
“You need to get out for a minute,” Chris said to Maisie.
She took off her seatbelt and climbed out of the car.
“Can you sit near the entrance and keep watch for anyone who comes by?” Chris said.
She said nothing, and turned to head toward the entrance.
“Hey,” Chris said, his hand catching the crook of her elbow. “Are you all right?”
Maisie nodded, and then her face scrunched up and she started crying.
“I thought we were going to die,” she said.
“Aw, come here,” Chris said, wrapping his arms awkwardly around her. “We’re all right, aren’t we? I’ll get this wheel fixed and we’ll get out of this village and carry on like nothing ever happened, all right?”
Maisie wiped her eyes with the back of her hand and nodded.
“Sit beside the entrance there and keep watch,” Chris said. “We’ll be out of here in no time.”
Chris watched her, his stomach twisting. Sometimes he forgot how young she was. She sat on a white plastic chair, stained by streaks of dirt from men’s hands and overalls.
Chris wound the jack so it touched the car’s chassis, but didn’t lift it up. He put the lug wrench on the nut and pushed on it. He hit the wrench a few times with his palm to loosen the nut. It squeaked and then began to turn. He removed the first nut, and carefully placed the pieces into a small heap to one side. He got to work on the other bolts. Then he jacked up the back end of the car, removed the wheel, and replaced it with the new one. He screwed the bolts on with his hands before using the lug wrench to tighten them. He wound the jack back down, the car lowering onto the ground. He found an old cloth and wiped his hands.
“Chris,” Maisie said, “someone’s coming.”
Chris picked up the lug wrench, his grip growing tight.
“Living or dead?” he said.
“Living.”
Chris’s grip didn’t weaken. Maisie got off her chair and backed into the garage. A pretty girl poked her head around the door frame, a big smile on her face. Chris relaxed immediately. She was obviously no threat.
“Hello,” the pretty girl said. “My name’s Abigail. I saw you arrive earlier. I live in the house at the far end of the village. Looks like you’ve got some tyre trouble.”
“A little,” Chris said. “Look, I’m just here to use the tools. I’ll be out of your hair soon.”
“Don’t worry,” she said. “You’re not in my hair.”
She stared him directly in the eye and smiled. It produced a reaction in Chris he’d have preferred not to have had with Maisie present.
“Is there anyone else in the village?” Chris said.
“A few,” Abigail said. “They’re locked up tight in their homes most of the time. It’s the only way to be safe. Where are you from?”
“Nottingham.”
“How is it over there?”
“Not good.”
“We’ve been listening to the news. It doesn’t sound good anywhere.”
“So you locked yourselves in your homes to protect yourselves?”
“Defence is the best offence. You don’t have any bite marks do you?”
“No,” Chris said. “Do you?”
“Nope. But you can check me over, if you want,” she said, staring him dead in the eye again.
Chris blinked, not sure if she had really said what he thought she had, or if he’d imagined it. He felt a stronger reaction this time. Maisie just looked at Abigail, unaware of the full impact of the comment she’d just made. Abigail turned to Maisie and flashed her brilliant smile.
“I bet you’d like some sweets, wouldn’t you?” she said. “If you want, you can go into the Mini Mart across the road and get yourself a few packets. What do you say?”
Maisie looked up at her father, who nodded.
“It’s all right,” he said. “You can go.”
“Is it safe?” Maisie said.
“Oh yes,” Abigail said. “Super safe. You go over there and have a good look around, okay? There’s lots to choose from, so take your time.”
Abigail looked at Chris, but spoke to Maisie.
“You can take whatever you want,” she said.
“Okay,” Maisie said.
“And Maisie,” Chris said. “Can you get some other food? Your granny might be a bit low on supplies.”
“Okay,” Maisie said. “What kind of things shall I get?”
“Anything in tins and packets is good. Stuff that’ll last a long time. Take your time.”
“All right.”
She ran out of the garage and crossed the road. With Maisie gone, the space in the garage felt small and intimate. Abigail turned to Chris with her beaming smile.
“So,” Chris said, not sure how to continue. “How’s the apocalypse treating you?”
Abigail’s smile disappeared and she took on a very business-like tone.
“We don’t have long,” Abigail said. “I’m going to be completely honest with you. It’s the end of the world. I know that, and call me crazy, but I believe we should be able to do whatever we want when we’re in that position, and well, I want to explore my body before the end comes. So, would you sleep with me? I know how it sounds.”
“Why me? There must be loads of boys in your village.”
“All the good looking ones have gone off to join the army barracks, and the men left behind are all older than my granddad, or complete pricks. I’m not normally this forward.”
“I’m not normally this lucky.”
Abigail bit her bottom lip.
“Time is against us,” she said.
“Where do you want to do it?”
Abigail smiled.
“How about on the backseat of your car?” she said. “Two bucket list items at once.”
“What if someone comes?” Chris said.
“Oh, I intend to,” Abigail said with a grin.
Chris laughed.
“Don’t worry, they won’t come out of their houses,” Abigail said. “Only the neighbourhood watch comes around, and they’re not due for another half an hour.”
She opened the backdoor and climbed in, laying on the backseat. Chris lay down on top of her, and they made out. Looking down at her now, Chris was struck by how smooth her skin was, how innocent her eyes.
“You’ve never done this before, have you?” Chris said.
Abigail blinked.
“What makes you say that?” she said.
“Nothing. You seem young. How old are you?”
“I turned sixteen last week.”
Chris raised an eyebrow.
“How old are you really?” he said.
She looked to the side.
“Fifteen,” she said. “But I’ll be sixteen in a couple of months.”
Chris thought for a moment, and then shrugged.
“Close enough.”

Z-MINUS: 4 HOURS 50 MINUTES
Maisie took ten minutes to choose her sweets. She opted for a sherbet dip, a lollipop and a packet of fruit pastels. She picked up a basket and started shopping. The shop was small, but packed to the rafters with food. Everything was well organised and had its place.
Her arms shook under the weight of the basket. She put the basket on the floor and added the items as she went. She added tins of baked beans, fruit, vegetables, sausages in brine, cuppa soup satchels, and two loaves of bread. She stepped onto a box, pulled a few instant noodle packets free and added them too. The basket was full, and she had just started work on a second one when the backdoor bell rang and the door opened.
A large boy in his late teens, backed by a few friends, came into the shop, laughing at a joke they’d just shared. Their laughter died when they saw Maisie. The leader of the group smiled.
“Well, well, well,” he said. “Looks like we’ve got us a little mouse.”

Z-MINUS: 4 HOURS 39 MINUTES
“So that’s what all the fuss is about,” Abigail said, lying on Chris’s chest. “It was great while it lasted, but now that’s it over… I don’t know. I feel a bit disappointed.”
“Don’t feel bad,” Chris said, “that’s how everyone feels.”
“Then why does everyone keep going on about it?”
“Because it’s a basic human desire. It’s like feeling hungry. Eventually you need to scratch the itch.”
“Now that I’ve done it, I don’t see the problem with doing it with anyone much older or younger than me.”
Chris stared at her.
“What have I created?” he said.
Abigail giggled.
“A monster,” she said.
She pressed her small pert breasts to Chris’s chest.
“Do you want to do it again?” she said.
“I can’t. Maisie will be back soon.”
Chris put on his shirt and jacket, did up his trousers and stood up. Abigail put her T-shirt and skirt back on.
“There was glass on the road outside the village,” Chris said. “Was there an accident?”
“We put it there as protection. People thought if the zombies’ feet were damaged they wouldn’t be able to walk into town.”
Chris snorted and shook his head.
“Haven’t you ever seen one of these things?” he said.
“No. None of us have. Except on TV.”
“They don’t feel pain. They keep coming at you again and again and again. There’s no stopping them, except by destroying their brains.”
Abigail straightened her hair.
“How do I look?” she said.
“Ruined.”
She smiled at that and swaggered toward the door.
“If you’re ever in town again, make sure to drop me a line,” she said.
“I will,” Chris said, knowing he wouldn’t. She might know how to bump and grind now, but he doubted if she knew much about family planning.
Abigail headed down the street back toward her home. Chris put on his boots and tied the laces. He crossed the road to the Mini Mart. The bell rang when he entered.
“Maisie?” he said.
There was no reply.
“Maisie?” he said again.
He walked down the short aisles, but found no sign of her. There was a basket full of food on the floor. He opened his mouth to say her name again when he heard voices. He looked through the glass in the backdoor.
Four tall young men with broad shoulders stood around Maisie. Two held her arms. Another, the leader, Chris thought, had his face up close to Maisie. His face was curled up in a mask of rage. Another boy stood blithely on, watching from the side lines.
“Why were you stealing from our store?” the leader said.
“I told you,” Maisie said, “I wasn’t stealing. A girl told me I could shop there!”
“And what’s this supposed girl’s name?”
“Anne? Agnes? I don’t remember. She’s young and pretty.”
“This food is meant to provide for all the village till all the zombies are gone. It’s not going to last long with someone stealing it.”
Maisie was in tears.
“I’m sorry,” she said. “I didn’t know. Please, let me go!”
“Well, you know now, but we’re going to have to make sure you remember in future.”
The leader approached with his finger in Maisie’s face. Maisie stopped crying and stepped forward. She bit the end of the leader’s finger, and then aimed a swift kick at his shin. The boy howled, and shook his hand off. Red droplets stained his shirt.
Amidst the confusion, Maisie turned and ran toward the shop, slipping free of one boy’s fingers. But the second boy kept hold of her. She turned to kick him on the shin too, but he turned at the last minute, and it was only a glancing blow. Maisie spat in his face, and clawed at his cheek with her fingernails, drawing blood.
“My face!” the boy said. “My beautiful face!”
The boy let Maisie go, but she got nowhere as the leader grabbed her and threw her to the ground.
“You’re going to pay for that!” the leader said, raising his heavy boot.
The shop doorbell rang and Chris stepped outside.
“I’ll pay for it,” Chris said.
“She was stealing our food!” the leader said.
“It’s not stealing if no one owns it.”
“We own it!”
“No,” Chris said. “The shop owners own it. If they present themselves, I’ll pay for what we’ve taken.”
Chris helped Maisie up, and led her toward the shop.
“You can’t take our food!” the leader said.
“Watch me,” Chris said.
Chris heard heavy lumbering footsteps behind him. He was expecting it, and spun around, bringing his leg up, catching the leader in the chest, and pushed him back. He landed on his backside with a heavy “Oof!”
“What’s going on here?” a deep voice said.
A squat man with a scraggly brown beard and barrel-chest approached. He had no neck, and instead had large muscular rounded shoulders, like a bull. The type of man who’d normally spend every free minute and penny he had in the pub, swiftly followed by bar room brawls, but circumstances had forced him into a position of power. He wore a club at his waist. There were three men at his side. Chris sensed trouble and put himself between the man and Maisie.
“They’re trying to steal our food, Dad,” the teenage leader said, rubbing his chest and getting to his feet.
“All right, son,” the bearded man said, “I’ll take care of it from here.”
The teenage leader backed away, glaring at Chris, and watched the show from a safe distance.
“What’s your name, stranger?” the bearded man said.
“Chris. Chris Smith.”
“I’m Lionel. No doubt you’ve heard about the undead situation we’re faced with these days.”
“Yeap.”
“This village decided to do something about it. We’ve boarded up our windows, put defence measures in place, and collected all our food in one location. So, you see, we can’t let you have those items. We’re going to need them if we’re going to survive.”
“Someone said we could take some.”
“That someone isn’t in charge. I am. Now, if you keep on driving, you’ll come to a village down the road. They might have something you can have.”
“Or they might not.”
Lionel shrugged.
“That’s the way it is, I’m afraid,” he said.
The silence was electric. On another day Chris might have let the situation slide, but the man’s tone irked him. It was cold, arrogant, and expected compliance. But Chris had never been the type to comply.
“No,” Chris said. “I think we’ll take what we have here. You can go forage in the next village.”
Lionel smiled.
“You must not have heard me,” he said. “These items are for the village. You’re not part of the village, therefore you can’t have them.”
“I’m in the village right now. So, I’m temporarily of the village, therefore… You know what? I don’t give a shit about your inbred politics. We’re taking this food and there’s nothing you can do to stop me.”
“Chris,” Maisie said, tugging on his hand. “Let’s just go.”
Maisie’s lip was bleeding from where her head had struck the concrete. The sight of it did nothing to soothe Christopher’s mood.
“I’d listen to your girl there, if I were you,” Lionel said.
“Your brave boys attacked an eight-year-old girl,” Chris said. “I think she’s entitled to a little recompense, and the items we’re taking ought to about cover it. Come on Maisie, let’s go.”
Chris took Maisie’s hand and led her toward the shop. As he shut the door he saw the murderous look on Lionel’s face.
“Grab anything that takes your fancy,” Chris said, putting a few more items in the baskets.
“Are you sure you should do this?” Maisie said.
“We’ll be fine.”
They came out through the front door to find Lionel and the other three men before him.
“It’s nice of you to see us off,” Chris said. “You really didn’t have to.”
“That’s a nice set of wheels you’ve got there,” Lionel said, looking back at the Porsche.
“Bought it today,” Chris said. “You know what they say. Live every day like it’s your last.”
“I’m going to tell you this one more time: put down the food, get in your car, and go.”
Chris put the basket down, and then straightened up.
“No,” he said.
Lionel shook his head. The wind made his beard shiver.
“We’re going to have to make an example of you now, you understand,” Lionel said, shrugging off his coat.
Chris sensed all the eyes watching from the boarded up houses.
“All right,” Chris said. “But I think it only right to tell you. I’m infected.”
The three men at Lionel’s side murmured and backed away, eyes wide with fear. Lionel turned his head to the side as if in deep thought.
“Show me,” he said.
“Show you what?”
“Where you’ve been bitten.”
“I wasn’t bitten. A zombie sneezed on me.”
“Then how do we know if you really have it?”
“Do you really want to take the chance?”
Lionel thought for a moment, and then smiled.
“I think you’re full of it,” he said.
Lionel squared up against Chris, who checked his watch.
“All right,” Chris said. “But don’t blame me when your limbs start falling off.”
Lionel came at Chris. He threw a punch. Chris sidestepped it. Lionel’s weight threw him forward, almost falling over. Rookie mistake – trying to be the hero and end the fight with one punch.
Lionel threw another punch. Chris blocked it. He had an opening, but didn’t retaliate. Lionel stepped forward and threw one, two, three punches. Chris ducked and stepped to the side, and then slapped the side of Lionel’s head.
Lionel gritted his teeth and came at Chris again. He threw another two punches. Chris blocked them and slapped Lionel on the other side of the head. Lionel’s face glowed red.
“Are you going to fight or just keep dancing like a fairy?” he said.
Lionel roared and rushed at Chris, who stepped to the side, caught Lionel’s arm and pulled him into a concrete wall. Lionel’s face smashed against it. He roared and spun around. Chris pre-empted the attack and ducked, and then stepped back as Lionel’s knee came up to meet him.
Lionel flew at Chris again, swinging his arms wildly, his breath rasping in his throat. Chris kicked out, striking Lionel’s shin. There was a sickening crack, and Lionel crumpled to the ground. He screamed out in pain and hugged his leg. His foot pointed back at his knee.
Chris swung around to face the other men, but none of them stepped forward. All eyes were on Lionel.
“We’re going to go now,” Chris said. “I don’t want to see any of you following me.”
He scooped up the baskets and headed toward the garage. He dumped the food in the boot and tossed the baskets aside. They got into the car.
Chris reversed out of the garage. The light caught the teenager ringleader’s blond hair and delicate features. Chris opened his window.
“Do you have a sister called Abigail?” he said.
“Uh, yes sir,” the boy said. “I do.”
“If I were you, I’d get her some Lovenelle, unless you want an alcoholic savage like me in the family.”
The car’s wheels spun, kicking up dust. The engine roared as if happy to be free, and tore down the road. Chris looked for the familiar glint of sunlight, and after driving a hundred yards at a snail’s pace, found the splinter glass barrier.
He turned the car onto the wide grassy verge and drove along the grass, keeping the speed low, the revs high. The car took the bumps badly. The earth scraped along the car’s underside. Chris saw the sign, ‘You are now leaving Little Bytham’. He turned onto the road and drove away.

Z-MINUS: 4 HOURS 21 MINUTES
“You did well back there,” Chris said to Maisie as he guided the Porsche around a roundabout. “The way you stood up to those bullies. That’s the only way to be in life. To be strong and stand up for what you know is right.”
Chris’s hands shook on the steering wheel. He gripped it tight to reduce the effect, but Maisie saw it. She looked at Chris, who kept his eyes on the road. Maybe it was because she feared what the answer would be, or because she already knew, that she didn’t ask the question that was no doubt on her mind: Are you really infected?
“Where did you learn to fight like that?” Maisie said.
Chris shrugged.
“I’ve always been good with my hands,” he said.
“But you had skill. Training. Even I could see that. The other man looked like a child compared to you.”
Chris looked at the scars on his knuckles, which were bent and out of shape.
“I used to fight,” he said. “Bareknuckle boxing.”
“Bareknuckle? What does that mean?”
“It’s like boxing, but without gloves.”
“Why didn’t you ever tell me about this before? It’s so cool!”
“It was just for money. To pay the bills. It was never going to make me rich.”
“Were you any good?”
Chris shrugged.
“Better than some,” he said.
Maisie had a smile on her face. She looked over at him.
“What?” Chris said.
“Nothing. It’s just… I never thought you were good at that kind of thing.”
“You mean you didn’t know I was much good at anything?” Chris said with a smile.
“No, that’s not what I meant.”
“It’s okay. I know I haven’t been the best dad in the world. I’m just glad I got there in time before those lads did anything to you.”
Maisie shrugged.
“I’ve been through worse,” she said.
She caught herself. She looked at her hands, and her cheeks burned red.
“Sorry,” she said. “I didn’t mean…”
“You did mean,” Chris said. “And you’re right to say it. I’ve done some cowardly things in my life. Hitting your mother and you and your sister is one of the worst things I’ve ever done. I’m not proud of it.”
“Then why did you do it?”
“Because I’d been drinking.”
“Then why did you drink?”
Chris shrugged.
“It helped numb the past,” he said.
“But what about the present?”
“What about it?”
“What about me and Mum and Emily? It was horrible being at home knowing you could be back at any minute, and you’d start shouting and hitting us.”
Chris looked straight ahead. He felt angry, and not at Maisie.
“I’m sorry,” he said.
There was a pause.
“Why did you start drinking?” Maisie said. “Was there a reason?”
“There is always a reason.”
Chris took a long moment to think. He looked over at Maisie. He shook his head of the memories that flashed through his mind.
“If there was one thing I wish I could go back and do again,” he said, “it would be to be a better husband to your mum and a better father to you and your sister. That’s a regret I’ll take to my grave.”
“But you’re making up for it now,” Maisie said. “You’re taking me somewhere safe. Mum and Emily would be proud.”
And despite himself, Chris did feel proud. He might not have achieved much in his life, but he was surely achieving something worthwhile now, wasn’t he?
“You asked me where I learned to fight?” Chris said. “I can show you my first training grounds. It’s not far from here.”

Z-MINUS: 4 HOURS 9 MINUTES
They came to a large village called Duddington. It looked remarkably untouched when they arrived, as if news of the apocalypse had bypassed it altogether. An old man was out walking his dog. A teenage couple walked hand in hand. There was even a small group of young boys walking down the road running sticks along picket fences.
Chris pulled up in front of a small single-story building with a tall metal fence around it. There was a sign out front that said, ‘Duddington Primary School’.
“And I thought I’d escaped school forever,” Maisie said with a smile.
“You’re lucky,” Chris said. “I loved school when I was young.”
“Me too. I was only joking.”
The gates were black wrought iron, more suited to a prison than a school. They consisted of long spears with sharp points on the end, jabbing at the sky. They were closed, a chain wrapped around them tight, locked together like a straightjacket.
“I guess we’ll have to go over,” Chris said.
Chris climbed to the top of the fence. He reached down for Maisie to take his hand.
“Come on,” he said. “Trust me. I won’t drop you.”
With only the briefest of hesitations, Maisie reached up. Chris took hold of her arm and lifted her up to the top of the fence. She rested her feet on the top, and then Chris took hold of her arm again and lowered her down to the other side. Her feet touched the ground gently.
He gripped the top and lowered his feet. His arms shook with the effort. His foot slipped, and he banged his knee. He grunted and landed, rubbing his knee and breathing in through his teeth.
“Are you all right?” Maisie said.
“I’m fine.”
Chris limped toward the school’s side entrance. He stepped inside and the smell hit him. The whiff of bleach stung the back of his throat, the cleaners having recently scrubbed the floor. But there was an aroma beneath it that the bleach could never wash out. It was the smell of eagerness, the desire to learn, to play, and an innocence he’d long since forgotten.
They moved down the corridors, the layout coming back to him like he’d been there only yesterday. They entered a room with the number six on the door. There were cabinets and wardrobes full of important-looking papers. Everything was as he remembered, but there were small differences. In his mind he had assumed it would always be the same, and always would.
Chris took a seat at one of the child-sized chairs. He noticed how it was the perfect size for Maisie.
“I never spent much time in school,” Chris said, “but when I did, I always enjoyed it. I could have done really well here.”
“I can imagine that,” Maisie said.
“We always had to go work out in the fields. We couldn’t spend much time in the classroom. Probably the reason I can’t read and write now.
“This is the classroom of my favourite teacher. Her name was Miss Driver and she was always really kind to me. A lot of the other teachers were old witches, but she was nice. I learnt a lot more from her than I did from all the other teachers put together. She taught me to write my name.
“I remember once we had to paint a picture. It could be of anything in nature; we could choose. I went home and drew a picture of the place we were stopping at the time. Miss Driver really liked it. There was a prize of a big bag of sweets to the best picture. And I won! I couldn’t believe it.
“At first I thought she did it just to encourage me, but then when I saw the other kids’ work I realised it was much better than theirs. Theirs looked cartoonish, like a child had drawn it, which, of course, they had! Mine looked more grown up, more mature. But all I did was paint what I could see. But Miss Driver said a lot of people couldn’t do that, and that that was why my painting won.
“I shared the sweets with all the other students, and they liked us travellers a bit more after that. But then one of the other parents saw it, recognised where it was, and called the police. They moved us on. When my dad found out, he gave me a good hiding. He equated it to grassing up. Although what an eleven-year-old stood to benefit from having his family and friends moved on was, I’m not sure.
“But, you know, it’s strange. This room feels different than I remember. I don’t just mean the seats and chairs and things. To me as a kid this was a place of wonder, a place where I could learn and make friends and wouldn’t have to go out into the ice-cold fields to work. It was a haven, a refuge from all the difficulties of life. But now that I’m looking at it, it’s really just a building made of bricks, no more powerful or meaningful than a shop or hotel.”
“But it is meaningful,” Maisie said, “to you, at least.”
They sat in silence for a moment.
“I always wanted to thank Miss Driver for supporting me,” Chris said. “But she’s probably long gone by now.”
“You could always write a thank-you note on the board,” Maisie said.
“How can I? I can’t read or write.”
“I’ll help you.”
“Nah. She’d never see it anyway.”
“Maybe not, but the current teacher would, and I’m sure he or she will make sure Miss Driver hears about it, or her close family. I’m sure they’d be thankful.”
Chris thought for a moment.
“All right,” he said. “If we don’t do it now, when will we, ay? You write it, and I’ll sign it.”
Chris picked Maisie up, who in turn picked up a new piece of chalk. Her curly chestnut brown hair tickled his nose as she wrote on the board.
THANK YOU FOR TEACHING ME, MISS DRIVER!
Chris took the chalk and signed it. With his lack of practice it was a child-like scrawl.
They moved down the corridor and came to a library. The scent of books, old and new, was intoxicating. They conjured up a thousand memories at once. He bathed in them, letting them seep into him. The smell of learning and self-development.
“Do you think it’ll be all right if we borrow some of their books?” Maisie said.
“I don’t think anyone would mind. No one will probably even notice.”
Maisie approached the storybook section. There were little child-sized tables and chairs, too low for Chris to use.
“What kind of stories do you like?” Chris said.
“Allsorts,” Maisie said. “Fantasy is always good, and science fiction. I don’t like horror much. Adventures are my favourite!”
Chris picked up some of the books from the bookshelf and skimmed through them, looking at the pictures. Maisie came back with an armload of books.
“Are you sure you’ve got enough?” Chris said.
“I’d take them all if I could,” she said.
“Maybe you can get your granny to take you down to the local library sometimes.”
“Maybe.”
Just then, Chris felt an explosion of pain in his head. He put out a hand to steady himself. It began in the centre of his forehead and pulsed in duet with his heartbeat, worming its way to his temples.
“Are you all right?” Maisie said.
“I’m fine,” Chris said. “I just need to… to rest for a moment.”
He leaned against a shelf. A cold sweat broke over him, drenching his skin and clothes. He shut his eyes to block the bright sunlight that felt like it was driving nails into his brain. He felt sick to his stomach. He stood there for ten minutes, swaying on his feet, a deep frown creasing his forehead. Then the pain began to dissolve. He opened his eyes and released a breath of air.
“I’m okay,” he said. “We’d best get going. We can’t stay here all day.”

Z-MINUS: 3 HOURS 36 MINUTES
Maisie opened her window and let the cool fresh air blow back the hair around her face. She breathed in deep and looked out at the yellow fields of dandelions that spread out far and wide into the distance.
“It’s beautiful out here,” she said.
“Yeah,” Chris said. “Beautiful.”
“Aren’t you going to put your seatbelt on?”
Chris gave her a look.
“You’re serious?” he said.
“Mum always said you should wear a seatbelt because you never know what’s going to happen.”
Chris put the belt on and then lit a cigarette. Maisie coughed and waved her hand at the smoke. Chris opened his window and blew the smoke outside, but the wind only blew it back inside.
“Do you have to smoke that now?” Maisie said.
“Yes.”
Maisie squinted at something further along the road.
“There’s someone walking along the road,” she said. “Let’s pick them up!”
The figure marched alongside the road. As they drew close, the figure turned to them. The right side of her face was normal, but the left side had been stripped of its skin, so all the muscles were visible. Maisie and Chris sat back in their seats. Chris hit the accelerator, and they took off.
Chris’s body shook and he felt cold. He wrapped his jacket around himself. His face was drawn and pale. He changed gear, and his movements were slow and weak. He stared out of the window with lifeless eyes.
“What you said to them was true, wasn’t it?” Maisie said.
“To who?”
“To the villagers in Little Bytham. You’re infected. You’re turning.”
Chris thought for a moment. Should he lie or tell the truth? He sighed and looked her in the eye.
“Yes,” he said. “I’m becoming one of them.”
Despite expecting the answer, Maisie started, shocked. Her forehead creased into a frown.
“How much longer do you have?” she said.
Chris’s eyes moved to his watch.
“Three hours thirty minutes,” he said.
“Let me out,” Maisie said, reaching for the door handle.
Chris reached across, restraining her hands.
“Don’t be stupid,” he said.
“Don’t touch me!”
“Calm down,” Chris said, pulling back.
Maisie scrambled around for something, anything, to use as a weapon. Her fingers came across a CD. She held it in both hands.
“I’ll kill you!” she said.
“If you put Cher’s Greatest Hits on, that’ll be guaranteed.”
The CD shook in Maisie’s hands. She stared at him with wide eyes.
“Listen,” Chris said, “you won’t have to. When the time comes, I’ll do it myself.”
Maisie stared at him a moment longer, her mind working through the situation. Then her shoulders relaxed, and then slumped forward.
“How?” Maisie said. “How did it happen?”
“It was your sister, Emily. When we were fighting she sneezed on me, and it covered my face. From that moment, according to Mr Bryant across the road, I had eight hours left before I turned.”
“I saw her sneeze. I didn’t realise it got on you.”
“Well, it did,” Chris said. “Now we’re just going to have to learn to deal with it. I’ll get you somewhere safe, and then you’ll never see me again, all right? So don’t get any fool notions about killing me before my time’s up. I want to squeeze every last remaining second of my life out, and having a couple of daggers sticking out of my back like a pin cushion might stifle that goal somewhat.”
Maisie didn’t smile.
“You have to trust me,” Chris said. “I’m not going to hurt you. I know I did in the past, but that was the old me. I had been drinking and… I’m sorry. It will never happen again, I swear. I was in a bad place.”
“What bad place?”
Chris sighed.
“I did something I’m not proud of,” he said, fingers unconsciously rubbing his scarred knuckles.
“Is it the reason why you stopped fighting?”
“Yes. But I don’t want to talk about that now. I promise I won’t hurt you again. You believe me, don’t you?”
Maisie nodded, not looking at him. A light blinked on the dash. Chris sighed.
“Perfect,” he said. “We’re almost out of fuel. That salesman wasn’t joking. We’ve hardly gone anywhere! We’ll stop at the next garage.”

Z-MINUS: 3 HOURS 12 MINUTES
The garage was a small independent affair with no name, just two old pumps. The prices were insanely inflated, almost double the national average. But then there wasn’t another garage for miles, so why not charge more?
“I’m going to the toilet,” Maisie said, heading toward the shop.
“All right,” Chris said. “Be careful.”
Chris popped the fuel cap open and inserted the pump. He pulled the trigger and the fuel guzzled into the fuel tank. After every gallon, a bell went DING!
Chris peered at the thick foliage on the other side of the road, losing himself to the peace and silence. In fact, complete silence. Total silence. There were no birds singing, no whisper of leaves in the dying wind. The bell went DING!
There was a rattling sound. A stone jittered and bumped against Chris’s boot. The numbers on the pump began to shiver and shake. And then the stones on the forecourt began to rattle, spinning in place. Then Chris heard a rumbling sound.
“What is that?” Maisie said as she ran out from the garage shop.
“I don’t know,” Chris said.
His mind leapt to an image of a thousand zombies stampeding down the road toward them, all gnashing teeth and wild white eyes.
“Get in the car,” he said. “Quick!”
Maisie ran across the forecourt. Chris tossed the fuel pump aside, screwed the fuel cap in place and stepped to the driver’s side door. Just as he reached for the handle, the rumble grew even louder and a mechanical shrieking came around the corner.
A medium-sized tank rolled down the road, followed by several jeeps with large machine guns on the back. Soldiers, some in uniform, some not, carried assault rifles. The tank came to a stop. The train of vehicles behind it was lost around the corner. There was a loud metallic thunk as an unseen latch was pulled aside and the tank lid came up.
A hefty bald man with a sharp square chin and squint in his left eye stood with his top half out of the tank, as if his legs had been replaced with tracks. He drew in a deep cleansing breath.
“Howdy!” he said in a strong southern US drawl. “Beautiful day, isn’t it?”
“It’s not bad,” Chris said.
“Nice piece of kit you got there,” he said, nodding to the Porsche.
“I was just thinking the same thing about yours.”
The soldier laughed, and rubbed his stomach with both hands.
“That she is,” he said.
“You wouldn’t fancy a part-exchange, by any chance?” Chris said.
“No,” the soldier said, “I don’t believe I would. I’m Tank Commander Russell Dobbs. We’re from RAF Lakenheath and we’re moseying on down to London. All units have been called to help protect a compound we have in the capital.”
“London?” Chris said. “Are you mad? That’s where most of the zombies will be!”
“It’s also where the greater bulk of both our armed forces and intelligence is gathered. I’ve got orders to recruit every available man, woman and child I can on my way there. How about it?”
“Do they have a cure?” Chris said hopefully.
“I don’t know,” Dobbs said. “But if there’s one being developed, it’ll be there. All the world’s smartest people were there for some kind of convention when this whole thing kicked off. There’s no reason why they can’t figure it out. All military personnel are being recalled to the capital to protect the facility and its interests. We could use every trigger finger we can find.”
“Sorry, I need to take care of my daughter first, get her to a safe place.”
“By fighting with us you’ll be making it a safer place for everyone.”
“I’m not all that bothered about everyone else right now.”
The muscles around Dobbs’ mouth tightened. He put on a smile that looked strained.
“That’s your prerogative. Here,” he said, handing over a pamphlet, “this is the location of the facility should you change your mind.”
The pamphlet had a map of London, and a cross on it where the compound was located.
“St Barts hospital?” Chris said. “That’s where the compound is?”
“The research facility is an adjoining building. Right now, it’s the safest place in this country.”
Chris nodded.
“Thanks,” he said.
Dobbs smiled and gave a perfunctory salute.
“You’re welcome,” he said. “Godspeed. Oh, and a quick word of advice: stay away from towns and cities. They’re starting to get a bit hairy.”
Dobbs slapped the top of the tank, and it leapt forward down the road. Chris looked at the leaflet Dobbs had given him. It had a picture of a modern hospital on the front with a research facility tacked onto the side. There was a map of the UK with directions to London, and then a more detailed map of the city of London and directions to the research facility on the back.
The tank continued down the road, taking the unsettling rumbling sound with it. The tank’s tail was long. It consisted of artillery vehicles, soldiers clad in camouflage gear, and those in normal wear, though most of them sported shades of green and yellow, and a long train of buses, motorhomes, cars, and horses. It was ten minutes before they had all passed and the street was empty once again.

Z-MINUS: 2 HOUR 45 MINUTES
They passed a zombie every two minutes along the road. They all appeared to be heading in the same direction.
“Where do you think they’re all headed?” Maisie said.
“I don’t think they’re heading anywhere,” Chris said. “They’re just drifting. They get distracted by something and follow it. Then forget what they’re doing until they get distracted by something else, and then follow that.”
They were driving down a road that wound through a thick forest on either side. Maisie lowered the book she was reading. World War Z.
“They don’t feel pain,” Maisie said. “That doesn’t seem fair.”
“No, it isn’t,” Chris said. “Shall we see if Mr Brooks is right?”
Chris edged the car over onto the side of the road. A zombie stopped, turned, and faced the car. The Porsche slammed into it. The zombie’s head smacked into the bonnet and exploded like it had a hand grenade inside it.
Maisie leaned back in her seat, eyes and mouth wide with shock. Chris hit the window wipers, which brushed the bits of brain and body matter aside.
“What did you do that for?” Maisie said, flabbergasted.
“Do you want to try?” Chris said.
“They’re people!”
“They used to be people. Now they’re just empty shells. You’d be doing them a favour.”
Another zombie came into view. Chris turned the steering wheel. This time the zombie was severed in half, both pieces slipping under the car.
“I suppose… I suppose it’s okay,” Maisie said. “If they don’t feel pain.”
Maisie reached over and took the steering wheel. She made slow movements, keeping the car going straight.
“There’s one!” Chris said, pointing.
The figure turned, and then held up his hands.
“No, don’t!” the man shouted at the last moment.
The car smashed into him, sending his body flying into the middle of the road.
“Oops,” Chris said.
“‘Oops’ what?” Maisie said.
She mustn’t have heard the ‘zombie’ speak.
“Nothing,” Chris said.
“That was fun,” Maisie said. “Let’s do it again.”
“Maybe later,” Chris said, taking the wheel and feeling a little woozy.
In the side mirror, Chris made out the figure lying on the road, dragging himself toward the woods. A pair of zombies approached him, bent down and bit into him. Chris pressed a button and the mirror moved so he couldn’t see the tableau. Out of sight, out of mind.
Then Chris felt a punch to the stomach, doubling him over the steering wheel. He felt sick. He took his foot off the accelerator. The car slowed down. Chris heaved. He could feel the solid acidic mass work its way up his throat. The car drifted onto the other side of the road.
“Are you all right?” Maisie said. “Chris? Chris!”
Chris pulled the car over onto the verge, half of it sticking out into the road. He threw open his door and heaved. A hot mass slopped onto the dirt. He felt the lumps in the back of his throat. He worked them forward with his tongue and spat them out. Maisie handed him a bottle of water. He rinsed his mouth out.
The foliage shook, and a pair of zombies stumbled from it, heading for the car.
“Not now, guys,” Chris said.
Chris hit the accelerator, and the car jolted forward, almost throwing him out the door. Maisie grabbed his arm. The car bounced along the verge. The zombies didn’t pursue the car. Instead they knelt down and began munching on his vomit.
Chris felt fresh waves of sickness come over him, and he heaved again, only this time little but stagnant water came up. He straightened and closed the door. He leaned his head back on the headrest for a moment.
“Are you all right?” Maisie said.
“My body’s dying and I’m turning into one of those things. What do you think?”
“I was just asking.”
“Next time ask a sensible question like, ‘Did you always want to drive your daughter around from one place to another during the last few hours of your life?’ That’s a good question to ask.”
Maisie glowered, but said nothing. She stared out of the window.
Chris put the car into first and moved away. His body felt weak, and a cold shiver went through him that he knew wasn’t healthy. He had a cold sweat on his forehead. A spike of fear shot through him as he looked at the apparition in the mirror. His skin was pale and pasty, his eyes bloodshot, pupils dilated. His heart beat a syncopated rhythm in his chest, five fast beats, then two slow.
He concentrated on the road before him, but suddenly there were two, each veering off in a different direction. The car’s engine roared and he had a splitting headache, like a demon panther fighting to escape his skull. He felt so weak he could hardly keep his hands on the steering wheel. He felt so tired. His head began to nod.
“Chris?” Maisie said. “Chris?”
Chris slumped forward onto the steering wheel. Maisie’s voice faded out into a million pieces and came at him at random.
“Hh-rr-ii-ss-cc!”

Z-MINUS: 2 HOURS 28 MINUTES
“Chris!” Maisie said. “Wake up! Chris!”
Maisie pushed Chris’s body off the steering wheel, but that only caused the car to turn. She slapped him across his face, but he didn’t respond. She pulled at his closest leg, but it was the wrong one. His right leg was firmly planted on the accelerator. She looked up at the road.
The painted lines flew past, almost becoming a solid line. The car began to veer right, around a slight bend in the road.
Maisie pushed Chris’s slumped body over. The car moved with the turn, but it wouldn’t work forever. She needed to stop the car, and needed to stop it now.
Her hands unconsciously gripped something hard. It was the handbrake. She’d often seen drivers use it to stop cars from rolling downhill. Would it work to stop the car now? The road began to veer right again. The speedometer needle nudged fifty miles an hour. Maisie closed her eyes and pulled on the handbrake.
The car jerked forward. The tyres screeched. Maisie’s chest crushed against her seatbelt. The car began to turn. Out of instinct, Maisie pulled her father’s body in the opposite direction, but not enough as the car flew onto the verge. A large tree loomed up before them. The car slid, and came to a stop three feet from it.
Panting, Maisie peeked her head up and looked out the windows, but found nothing but vegetation close by. She looked over at Chris. He was unconscious. What was wrong with him? she thought. Was he turning already?
She felt his forehead. It was blazing hot. He was burning up. Her mother and sister had been burning up when they were turning. She looked over at the door handle on Chris’s side, and then at the door lock. It was an old car, and didn’t have central locking.
She licked her lips and then leaned over him. She kept her eyes on him, watching him for any sudden movement. He was breathing deeply. He snorted, and she shot back onto the passenger seat, but he was just sleeping. She took a deep breath and this time leaned over him quickly, pulled the lock up, and shot back to her passenger seat. Chris hadn’t reacted.
She opened her door, got out, and walked around to the driver’s side, carefully stepping over the uneven surface. She pulled Chris’s door open. She gripped Chris’s arm and pulled. His bodyweight fell to the side, but was caught by his seatbelt. She leaned over him and pressed the button, releasing him. He hit the ground hard. He grunted, his eyes fluttered open, and then closed again.
She pulled his legs out of the car and arranged them on the ground. He was a crumpled mess. She pulled his head up, so he was leaning against the tree. She knew she should have ended him right there, but she couldn’t bring herself to do it. It just wasn’t in her. He might be undead, but he was still her father. Maybe he could find some kind of happiness as a zombie in the woods that he never could in life.
She turned back to the car. She climbed into the driving seat and looked back at him leaning against the tree. She sighed and reached for the door.
“Wait,” a croaky voice said. “Don’t leave me here.”
Chris was awake, and he was looking right at her. Only his eyes moved. The rest of him was static. He had spittle on his chin.
“I’m sorry,” Maisie said.
She began to pull the door closed.
“Don’t,” Chris said, throwing his arm forward. “I’m starting… to feel… better. Maybe I just needed… the fresh air.”
He struggled to put a smile on his face. He was pale and drawn, every movement looked painful.
“Help me back in the car,” he said.
“No,” Maisie said. “I won’t have you turning in the car.”
“I won’t.”
“You don’t know that.”
“I still have…”
He struggled to lift his arm, but he managed it. He checked his watch.
“Two hours left,” he said.
“Maybe you don’t,” Maisie said. “Maybe it works at different speeds on some people. Maybe you only have six hours.”
“No,” Chris said. “I have more. I can feel the life in me. Just put me in the car and give me a little time. I’ll get stronger again.”
“I can’t take that risk.”
“Then think logically. Do you know the way to your granny’s?”
Maisie hesitated. She didn’t know the way.
“What if you pass out again?” she said.
“I won’t.”
“What if you do?”
“Then you can pull over and push me out. But give me one more chance. Please.”
Maisie looked down at the weakened figure of her father, the man who had taken on a huge man in Little Bytham and won with ease, now struggling to even breathe.
“All right,” Maisie said. “But I’m keeping you to your word. One more sign you’re turning, and you’re out the door.”
Maisie ducked under one of his arms and helped him to stand. His legs were weak and he moved like he’d been in a coma for the past few weeks. Maisie made to lead him around to the passenger seat, while Chris moved to walk toward the driving seat.
“Where are you going?” Maisie said.
“To the driving seat.”
“Your driving days are over.”
“Give me the keys,” Chris said.
He reached for the keys in Maisie’s hand, but missed them by three inches.
“I think it’s best if I drive,” Maisie said.
“But you’re a kid! You can’t drive! Give me the keys.”
“It’s the passenger seat, or no seat,” Maisie said firmly.
There was a pause.
“Fine,” Chris said.
They rounded the car to the passenger side. Maisie opened the door, and Chris all but fell into the seat. His legs hung out. Maisie pushed them in, and shut the door behind him.
She went around to the driver’s side. She put her seatbelt on. Chris had shifted his legs around so they were on the floor. He was slouched in what must have been a very uncomfortable position.
Maisie shook her head, already doubting her decision, and inserted the keys into the ignition. The engine started and purred through the steering wheel and into her fingertips.
She pulled on the lever under the seat and brought it as far forward as it would go. She had to sit on the very front of the seat to reach the pedals. She could only see through the hole in the steering wheel.
“Okay,” she said to herself. “This is simple. You’ve seen people do this all your life. It’s a piece of cake. Just put the car into gear.”
She grabbed the gearstick and began to move it around. She tried to push it into the location where the number one was depicted on the top of the gearstick, but it wouldn’t go in.
“It’s not working,” she said. “There must be something wrong.”
“Clutch!” Chris said.
Maisie pressed her foot to the clutch and pushed the stick into first gear. It crunched, but finally went in.
Just then, there were low groans from somewhere in the woods that made the windows chatter in their frame.
“Take your time,” Chris said. “Push down the accelerator and lift up the clutch.”
Maisie did as he said, but too fast. The car shot forward like it had been stung. She held onto the steering wheel like it were a bucking bronco. The car swerved left, toward a tree. She hit the brakes, and the car jolted, stalled, and sent Chris sliding forward, his head striking the dashboard.
“Careful!” Chris said.
“I told you to wear your seatbelt!”
Attracted by the noise, zombies stumbled through the foliage. They looked up at the car with hungry eyes.
Maisie pressed the clutch in again and turned the key. The car started, and she let the clutch up slower this time, and pressed the accelerator down. The car slowly moved forward.
The zombies limped after the car. Maisie, too afraid to risk stopping, kept the car in first gear. On the rough ground they outpaced the zombies as the engine screamed and roared and pulled them across the grassy verge and onto the road.
“Left,” Chris said.
Maisie turned the steering wheel. They were only going a few miles an hour. Even the zombies could keep up at that pace. Their fingertips grazed the paintwork.
“You need to change gear,” Chris said, his voice a rasping gasp. “Push down on the clutch. Let the accelerator up at the same time, and change into second gear. Then take your foot off the clutch and press down on the accelerator.”
“Lift up the accelerator,” Maisie said out loud as she carried out the instructions, “and push down on the clutch.”
“At the same time.”
“And then go up a gear and release the clutch and press down on the accelerator.”
The car went into second gear. The engine sputtered and began to conk out. Zombies came up alongside them and pressed their faces against the windows.
“What’s happening?” Maisie said.
“Press the accelerator more. More!”
Maisie put her foot to the floor, and the Porsche gradually gained speed and pulled away from the zombies’ grip.
“You were changing gear too slowly,” Chris said. “Your technique is right. Just do it faster. Try third gear.”
Maisie changed into third gear. The gears grunted, but it was generally smooth. The fourth gear change was flawless.
“Well done,” Chris said. “That’s essentially all driving is. You’ve got a nice touch with cars. Nice to know you got something from me.”
Maisie couldn’t help but smile.
“Really?” she said. “You think I’m good at driving?”
“I didn’t say you were good,” Chris said. “But you’re certainly no worse than your mother.”

Z-MINUS: 2 HOURS 2 MINUTES
Maisie refused to go faster than forty miles per hour. Any faster felt like light speed to her. Occasionally there were empty cars in the road. She peeked up over the dashboard, slowed down, didn’t change out of gear, and swerved around them. The car juddered, in too high a gear. Maisie put her foot down on the accelerator and the car gradually picked up speed. She focused entirely on the road. If Chris had turned into a zombie, she wouldn’t have noticed.
 “Slow down and turn left down this country road,” Chris said.
“This doesn’t look like Granny’s.”
“That’s because it’s not. I wanted to see this place before I turn.”
Maisie glared at him.
“I thought we were going to granny’s?” she said.
“We will. All in good time.”
“I thought now was good.”
She looked at Chris and noticed how much healthier he looked. He had a little colour in his cheeks and there was an alertness in his eyes that was not there before. Clearly his head still hurt as he abstained from turning it too quickly to avoid the stabbing pains at his temples.
“I suppose we have time,” Maisie said.
The car bunny-hopped forward as they turned onto the obscure dirt track between two trees and wound their way through the dense woods.
The road opened up onto a wide driveway in front of a large farmhouse. It was an old house, built with broad arched windows, and needed a new layer of white paint.
“Go around the back,” Chris said.
Maisie pulled the car around the house and came to a barn. She circled it and came to a stop in an area lined with tractors, harvesters and other farming machinery. She turned the engine off, pulled up the handbrake, and left it in gear.
“So, what’s the story?” Maisie said.
“This was your first home, the place we brought you after you were born in the hospital.”
“Bit of a come-down after Nottingham, isn’t it?”
“We didn’t live in the house. We stayed on the field over there. We used to work the fields here, picking potatoes during the summer. It was probably the best time of year. The summers were always beautiful back then. It was never too hot, the sun always shone in a cloudless blue sky, and we had you and your sister.”
“When did things change?” Maisie said.
“It happened at about the time we stopped working the fields. New machinery came along and they didn’t need us anymore. It was cheaper to have one machine than a hundred pickers. We managed to sabotage the machine a few times, and the farmers asked us if we wanted work. We earned a little money, experienced the old days for a little while, but never for long.
“Eventually the machines took over. It happened like that all over the country. We sold everything we had and moved into the house in Nottingham. Some of us worked in factories, some of us set up companies, but all of us miss those days. We felt like we lost a part of ourselves. Some started drinking, others took drugs. Most just got on with their lives, but some couldn’t let go. It’s probably good that it’s over. No more back-breaking labour. But they were good times, all the same. Easier times.”
Chris covered his eyes with his hand, and his body shuddered.
“I only had one person to make happy, and I couldn’t even do that,” he said, his voice thick with emotion. “I hit her, I mistreated her, and when we had children, I beat them too. I ended up becoming my father after promising myself I wouldn’t.”
His body shook with racking sobs. Maisie turned away, unable to watch her father cry. Then she turned back to him and put her hand on his back. She wrapped her arms around him. She couldn’t reach all the way around.
“Sh-sh-sh-sh-sh,” she said. “It’s all right. You’re going to be okay.”
Chris wiped his nose with his sleeve and dried his eyes.
“I woke up today and found myself in a car crash from having drunk too much,” he said. “I should have been at home with my wife and kids. Maybe if I’d been there to protect you, your mother and sister wouldn’t have turned. It’s my fault they turned. Not the zombies, not the virus, but me. We might have all escaped, all gotten away, all be here safe. But we’re not, and I have to live with that.”
“You don’t know if they’d have been all right,” Maisie said.
“I know they’d have been better off if I was at home.”
Chris smiled and held Maisie tight.
“But look what you’re doing now,” Maisie said. “You’re finding somewhere safe for your daughter. You’re finding her a home. Not many people will have the opportunity to do that.”
Chris smiled.
“Let me tell you a little secret,” Maisie said. “I used to be afraid of you. But I’m not anymore.”
“Why not?”
“Because there are worse things out there than you now.”
“That’s only just dawned on you? There are loads worse people out there than me.”
“Not when you have to come home to you every day. I used to think I hated you. I used to dream about our lives without you. I used to think we would have been better off without you.”
“What about now?”
“Now, I think you’re okay.”
“I’m okay? I meet your high standards?”
“Just about.”
For a moment they sat in contented silence. Chris sighed.
“It’s about time we got you to your granny’s, don’t you think?” he said.

Z-MINUS: 1 HOUR 51 MINUTES
The nearest house was half a mile away, the nearest town, Bury St. Edmunds, over five miles. The last village sign they’d seen was for Timworth, but they’d long since driven past it. The roads had gotten smaller and smaller until Maisie thought they would have to get out and walk the remaining distance.
The house sat on a small piece of land surrounded by farmland. It was white and rough on the outside, as if it had been made from mud and left to go hard in the sun.
Chris got out of the car and opened the gate. Maisie pulled the Porsche onto the driveway beside a pristine Ford Fiesta. Twenty years old, with fewer than a thousand miles on it.
Maisie got out of the car and stretched her arms and legs. She stifled a yawn with her hand. They moved toward the front door. Maisie wove her fingers between Chris’s. She was pleased to find his fingers grip her own.
Chris knocked on the door. There was no answer. He knocked again, and was again met with silence. He tried the door. It was locked. He moved to the window and peered inside with his hand over his eyes.
“Doesn’t look like anyone’s in,” he said.
“Do you think she popped out?”
“With her car still here? She’d never go anywhere without it.”
“Maybe she’s sleeping.”
They moved around to the back of the house, finding a small allotment of home grown vegetables. They looked vaguely unkempt, weeds allowed to sprout where they will.
Chris knocked on the backdoor, his stomach twisting tight. There was again no answer. He tried the door. No dice. He rested his shoulder against the door and forced his weight against it. The wood split after the first shove, cracked on the second, and broke on the third.
The first room they came to was the kitchen. It was small and narrow, ideal for a single old lady. There was a single unwashed bowl, spoon, breadknife and plate in the sink.
They moved through into the living room. The room was an homage to nineteen thirties living. There was a small TV, little bigger than a portable, a gramophone, and a fusty old sofa with a throw blanket across its back.
They moved through into the bedroom. There was the faint smell of decomposing meat, stronger than the usual dead skin aroma that followed Granny like a personal raincloud.
There was a lump in the bed. Granny-sized. Chris’s breath caught in his throat.
Granny lay staring up at the ceiling, eyes unblinking.

Z-MINUS: 1 HOUR 45 MINUTES
Chris and Maisie sat in Granny’s front room. The clock on the mantelpiece ticked down the seconds, as if emphasising the remaining time slipping through their fingers.
“Do you think she’s dead dead, or undead dead?” Maisie said.
“Does it make any difference?”
“I suppose not.”
“Trust her to die right at this moment,” Chris said. “She’s always been that way. Never does anything helpful if she can’t do something awkward first.”
“I doubt she died on purpose, Chris.”
“Don’t be so sure.”
“It could have been worse.”
“How could it be worse?”
“We might have arrived the day before she died.”
Chris shrugged his shoulders.
“Shouldn’t we bury her?” Maisie said.
“When? We don’t have the time. What are we going to do?”
“I could say here,” Maisie said. “I can take care of myself.”
“You need an adult to take care of you.”
“You were going to let me stay at Aunt Beatrix’s alone.”
“Things have changed. And there’s a lot more of those things out there than I thought there would be.”
“So, what do you want to do?” Maisie said.
“Let’s drive into town. Maybe there’s an orphanage or church that can take care of you.”
“I’ll drive.”
“No,” Chris said. “I will. We can’t afford to mess around. We’ve got less than two hours left.”
After a moment of hesitation, Maisie handed over the keys.

Z-MINUS: 1 HOUR 32 MINUTES
Chris pressed the accelerator flush to the floor to coax as much speed out of the engine as he could. They came to a crossroads. Chris didn’t signal and hardly slowed as he threw the car around the sharp right-angle.
“I wanted to leave you at your Aunt Beatrix’s house,” Chris said, “but, nooo, you had to come to your granny’s. Now we’re stuck in the middle of nowhere and you’ve got nowhere safe to go. Now what?”
They came to a sharp corner. Chris forced the Porsche into it, the tyres screaming. Maisie gripped her seat with both hands.
“I didn’t know she was dead,” she said.
“She’s old. What were we thinking? Even if she was alive she wouldn’t have lasted very long. Maybe I should give her to some zombies so they can bring her back to life.”
The countryside, blurry with speed, gave way to squat buildings and restless traffic lights.
“Please, slow down!” Maisie said.
“Now what am I going to do with you?” Chris said. “There’s nowhere safe for you to go.”
“Just drop me off here,” she said. “I’ll take care of myself.”
“You couldn’t take care of a goldfish. You’re helpless.”
“I’m not helpless! I can fight!”
“With those soft little hands? I’ve gone through all this trouble and you’re going to get bitten and turn anyway.”
Chris was in a mad rage now, not listening to anything Maisie said. She turned away, tears streaming down her cheeks.
“I should have left you at home,” Chris said. “At least then I could have enjoyed the last few hours of my life.”
Chris hit the brakes, and the car lurched to a stop outside an old church. Maisie pulled on the door handle and got out. She slammed the door and ran across the road.
“Where are you going?” Chris said. “The church is this way!”
Maisie disappeared into some bushes.
“Fine! Go!” Chris said. “I’m better off without you anyway.”
Chris hit the accelerator and sped off down the road. He grumbled to himself under his breath. Even he didn’t know what he was saying.
Maisie’s backpack sat in the passenger seat stairwell. The small pockets, straps, and knuckles made it look like it had a face. It had a forlorn expression, lying on its side, one strap snapped in half. On the front was stitched, ‘Hang in here!’ in red letters, with an arrow pointing to the handle.
Chris hit the brakes. The Porsche screeched to a stop. Chris shut his eyes and shook his head, ashamed of himself. He could feel the anger in his chest, like it wanted to explode out through his fists. It was the rage he sometimes felt, either in the ring facing an opponent, or returning home after he’d had a few. He took a deep breath and forced it out of his system.
He put the bag on his lap, turned the steering wheel full-lock, and hit the accelerator. The car’s wheels screeched and marked the road as the car spun around to face in the opposite direction.
Chris came to a stop beside the bushes where Maisie had entered. He climbed from the car.

Z-MINUS: 1 HOUR 16 MINUTES
A tall fence ran along either side of a narrow path. Chris grabbed the top of a fence and pulled himself up, peeking over into the back garden of someone’s house.
There was a children’s slide and a small square sandpit, but no Maisie. He pulled himself up to look into another garden. It had a perfectly manicured lawn and a fountain in the centre. A few orange fish swam in the cool-looking water. A zombie knelt over it, his hand in the water, trying to grab the fish as they swam past, but they were too fast for him. The next garden had a large collection of gnomes, each smiling and carrying out their duties.
Chris lowered himself down to the ground. He shut his eyes and tried to think as Maisie would. He looked around at the tall fences. They would seem insurmountable to her. If she was in a garden she would have found a gap and crawled through.
He walked along the fences, looking for a hole. He found one beside a ‘Beware of the dog’ sign. Chris crouched down and stepped through the gap and into the garden. He saw Maisie. His blood went cold.
A big muscular dog leaned over her threateningly, the hair on the back of his neck ridged and erect. Maisie’s hands were entangled in his coat, trying to peel him off.
“No!” Chris shouted.
He ran toward the dog, his hands outstretched to wrap around the dog’s neck. The dog turned to look at him, a happy smile on its face, its tongue lolling out of its wide mouth.
Maisie sat up and wiped the drool off her face with a hand. Chris’s chest heaved with relief.
“I thought…” he said, but didn’t say anymore.
Maisie turned and walked toward a small pond. She sat on a log that lay beside it. She sat there, looking into space. She didn’t react when he sat down beside her. The fountain had tiny blue GloFish that zipped in short spurts in the water.
“I’m sorry for getting angry,” Chris said.
Maisie looked away from him.
“Come here,” Chris said.
He wrapped his arms around her, and she let him, but gave no inclination that she liked it.
“I didn’t mean to upset you,” Chris said. “It’s hard to know what to do without your mother here. I just want to do what’s best for you.”
“I lost my mother, my sister, and soon, my dad, all in one day,” she said. “It’s hard to get used to.”
“I know.”
“No,” she said. “I don’t think you do. Soon, all your worries will be over. Mine have only just begun. I’m an eight-year-old with no family, no friends, and I’m all alone. If anyone should be angry, it should be me. But I’m not. I just want to find somewhere safe where I can try to live in peace from all these monsters.”
“They’re not the monsters,” Chris said. “I am. Why did you even follow me in the first place? You know what I’m like. You could have gone off, found someone else. Someone better.”
The dog came and rested his head on Maisie’s leg, looking up at her with his big eyes. Maisie rubbed behind his ears.
“Because even though you drink and swear and hit me sometimes, you’re the only family I’ve got,” she said. “And I didn’t want to lose you too.”
Chris wrapped his arm around Maisie. This time she leaned into him. He put his chin on the top of her head. The sun was nearing its apex in the sky, dusted lightly with wispy clouds. He didn’t need to look at his watch to know time was running short. Just what was he going to do?
The patio doors of the house behind them slid open, and a woman in her late thirties leaned out.
“Is everything all right?” she said. “I heard a commotion.”
“Everything’s fine,” Chris said.
He looked the woman over. She had a motherly appearance, exuding warmth and understanding, the way some people do.
“Or at least, I think it will be now,” Chris said with a smile.

Z-MINUS: 0 HOURS 56 MINUTES
 “The electricity’s still on,” Janice said, setting two cups of tea down on the coffee table before Chris and Maisie.
“For now,” her husband Mark said.
Janice and Mark were the original odd couple. Janice was short and plump, her face round and welcoming. Her husband was tall and thin, with a scraggly beard.
“How is it out there?” Mark said.
“Hairy,” Chris said.
Mark reached into his pocket and took out a mini Snickers bar. The wrapper was gold and caught the light. He opened it and popped it into his mouth.
“Would you like one?” he asked Chris and Maisie.
“No thanks,” Chris said.
“I keep telling him they’re bad for his teeth,” Janice said, “but he never listens.”
Mark shrugged.
“They calm me down,” he said as he unwrapped another one and popped it in his mouth.
“Can I ask what your jobs were before all this kicked off?” Chris said.
“I was a teacher,” Janice said.
“And I was a computer programmer,” Mark said.
“Wow,” Chris said. “High flyers.”
“I wouldn’t say that,” Mark said, “but we do all right. Or, rather, did all right. It’s difficult knowing which tense to use these days, don’t you find? I suppose we won’t know until this situation ends soon or carries on.”
Chris looked up at the photos on the mantelpiece. They showed happy smiles in exotic locations.
“You’ve got two children?” Chris said.
“A boy and a girl,” Janice said, a proud and yet sad smile on her face.
“Are they sleeping?”
“In a way,” Mark said.
“Paul and Emma,” Janice said, picking up a photo. “They were our everything. But there was an incident at school. One of the other kids fell asleep in class, and when he woke up, he started biting the students and teachers.”
“Was this at your school?” Chris said.
“No. I work… worked at the secondary school in town. I got a call that Paul had been hurt. I rushed to get there and brought him home. He rested and looked like he was going to be all right.
“But I made the mistake of letting his sister stay with him. He woke up and bit her. He was crazy, a monster. We couldn’t control him, so we put him outside. He scratched at the door for such a long time, and then he finally left. Paul had become somebody that was not our son.
“We couldn’t face killing Emma either. It was probably a selfish thing to do, but we took her out into the woods and let her go. She begged us not to leave her. It was the hardest thing I’ve ever done, leaving her alone like that. But hopefully she’ll be hunting animals instead of people.”
“You must miss them,” Chris said.
“With all our heart,” Mark said, wrapping a thin arm around his wife’s shoulders. “You’re very lucky to still have your daughter.”
“Thank you,” Chris said. “I am lucky.”
He smiled and squeezed Maisie’s tiny hand. She smiled back.
“Your hair needs a good combing through,” Janice said to Maisie. “I have one in my handbag.”
She reached into her handbag and came out with a thick-bristled comb. She looked at Chris.
“Do you mind?” she said.
Chris waved his hand as if to say, “Go ahead.” Janice held Maisie’s hair in one hand and ran the brush through it. She began at the ends, working out the worst of the knots, and then worked her way up to the roots.
“You have beautiful hair,” Janice said.
“Thank you,” Maisie said. “I take after my mother.”
Janice smiled.
“Then you and your mother are both very lucky,” she said. “My hair is very thin and it pulls out easily. Emma’s hair-”
She stopped herself.
“It’s all right,” Maisie said. “You can talk about her if you want. I’d like to know about her.”
Janice smiled with a gratefulness she could hardly put into words.
“Yes,” she said. “Yes, all right. Well, Emma had very thin hair too, and she always hated it…”
Her words faded as Mark leaned in close to Chris.
“Lovely girl you’ve got there,” he said. “They look great together, don’t they?”
Chris looked over at the smiling Janice and Maisie, deep in frivolous conversation.
“They do at that,” he said.
Chris cast half an eye at his watch.
“Do you mind if I use your toilet?” he said.
“Certainly,” Mark said. “It’s down the hall on the right.”
“Thank you,” Chris said.
He went out into the hall. He turned and looked back at Maisie, who was smiling, her hair shining. It was a perfect family image framed in the doorway. Chris’s smile faded. He disappeared into the hall.
“It sounds like you and your father have had quite an adventure,” Janice said to Maisie.
“I’m not sure if adventure is the right word. ‘Experience’ might be better.”
“Better than us, at least,” Mark said. “We’ve just been cooped up in here the whole time.”
“I know what I’d prefer,” Maisie said.
Maisie felt a strange sensation in her stomach, twisting and writhing, like baby snakes were hatching inside her. The seat beside Mark still had an indentation from Chris’s buttocks.
“Excuse me,” she said.
She got up and walked out into the hall. She approached the bathroom.
“Chris?” she said. “Are you in there?”
She knocked on the door, causing it to wobble and drift open. It was unlocked. The snakes in her stomach grew to adult size, the sensation growing tighter. She pushed the door open.
The window was open. The wind poked at the lace curtains and made them flutter. The room was empty.

Z-MINUS: 0 HOURS 16 MINUTES
Chris leaned over the steering wheel and peered out through the windscreen at the buildings along the road. They were three to four stories tall with flat roofs and small windows. Chris’s eyes alighted on one particular building. The first floor was home to the Norwich and Peterborough building society.
Chris pulled up in front of it. He got out of the car, put his hand on the Porsche’s roof and smiled. He tossed the keys onto the front seat. He turned and walked into the building’s foyer. He pushed the door leading to the stairs open and began to ascend.
He was out of breath by the time he got to the top. The roof was flat and wide, with a few plant pots dotted around. He stood in the middle of the space and looked out at the horizon.
The sun was low in the sky, turning the horizon blood red, and filtered through the scarlet range to orange and yellow, and finally blue to white on the opposite horizon. It was a sky that matched the one he’d seen fifteen years ago from the same spot.
Sharon had been wearing a mini-skirt that showed off her smooth thin legs, and a tube top that exposed her trim stomach. It was the late nineties and they were young. Her long hair spilled down past her shoulders the way he liked. She had a smooth complexion and big welcoming eyes.
He had brought her up onto the roof, and she clearly had expectations as she had visited the salon that morning and wore a new dress. They stood there a moment, looking at the beautiful view. She held his hand in her own and squeezed tight. He had never loved her more than he did at that very moment. He didn’t hesitate for a moment.
“Sharon,” he said. “I’ve got something to ask you.”
He got down on one knee. Sharon did her best to look surprised. She cupped her hands over her face and looked about ready to answer even before he said anything else.
“Will you do me the honour of being my wife?” he said.
“Yes!” she said, her voice a croak. “Yes! Yes! Yes!”
Chris wrapped his arms around her long legs and kissed her exposed knees. He got to his feet.
“I promise I will always be there to look after you,” he said. “I promise to always do right by you and take care of you.”
Chris wiped away a tear at the memory, the fifteen year gap giving no protection against the bittersweet flood of emotion in his chest. He took out the mini whiskey bottle from his inside pocket and unscrewed the top.
“Happy anniversary,” he said, toasting to the view.
He put the bottle to his lips. Then he paused, and looked at the tiny vial. He shook his head and upended it over the side of the building, and then let the glass container follow it down.
He stepped up onto the short wall that ran around the edge of the roof. He looked down at the street below. He could see the red roof of the Porsche. The height made him feel dizzy. He looked down at his hands, shaking like an earthquake was taking place inside his body. A dull thud pounded the inside of his skull.
The alarm on his watch bleeped. He checked the time:
Z-MINUS: 0 HOURS 0 MINUTES
He stepped up onto the short brick wall, shut his eyes, took a deep breath, and held his foot over empty air, preparing to perform the last step he would ever take.

3:56PM
“I’m sure he’ll be back,” Janice said.
They were in the kitchen and she had just made a cup of hot chocolate for Maisie. The sweet chocolaty aroma filled her head. Tiny mushrooms floated on its surface.
“No,” Maisie said. “He won’t.”
Janice shared a look with Mark. She reached over and gripped Maisie’s fingers gently.
“If you like, you could stay with us,” she said. “We have the space, and it wouldn’t be any trouble.”
Maisie looked up at her potential adoptive parents. Mark wrapped his arm around Janice and squeezed. Janice gave her a little smile, which Maisie reflected back.
“Thank you,” she said. “That would be great. But I don’t want to be a freeloader. I’ll do my share of the chores around the house.”
Janice and Mark stifled their smiles.
“We’d be grateful for the help,” Janice said.
There was a knock at the backdoor. A bloody smudged handprint trailed across the glass and left tiny road-like tracks across it. A face with cloudy white eyes and tortured expression opened its mouth and moaned.
“We have to kill it,” Maisie said.
“Kill it?” Mark said. “Of course we can’t kill it. It’s a human being.”
“It was a human being. It’s an empty shell now. If we let it stay here, it will attract more of them and soon there’ll be too many and they’ll get in.”
“How do you suggest we kill it without going outside?” Mark said.
“We go up to the first floor and drop heavy things until one lands on its head.”
Janice squeaked and turned pale. Mark spread his hands.
“We can’t kill another living creature,” Mark said. “It’s barbaric.”
“But they’re not living,” Maisie said. “Look at it!”
The female zombie’s hollow cheeks were cast into shadow with the dying sunlight over the horizon. One arm hung limp at its side, unmoving. It hung by just a few stretched tendons.
“We can’t kill it,” Mark said, dipping into the bag of chocolates in his pockets and popping one in his mouth.
“Then it’s going to kill us!” Maisie said.
“It won’t come to that. It’ll get bored and move on.”
“These things don’t get bored. They don’t get excited or unhappy. I’ve travelled a fair bit over the country, and I’ve seen these things everywhere. We have to deal with it now.”
But Maisie could see Mark and Janice had made up their minds. They were going to let their morals trump their survival instincts.
The zombie at the window turned and looked at another zombie as it stumbled through the hole in the fence. He pressed his face up against the glass, eyes bulging and glaring. The backdoor rattled each time the two zombies’ weight pressed against it. Maisie hopped down from the kitchen stool.
“They’re going to get in if we don’t do something,” she said.
A third and fourth zombie joined the first two. They pressed their weight against the backdoor and hit the pane with their ruined hands. The glass rattled.
“They can’t get through the glass,” Mark said, voice uncertain. “They can’t.”
“Believe me,” Maisie said, “they can. And they will.”
The first zombie brought her head back and smacked against the glass, more a reflex than an intended action. A small crack appeared where it had struck. She brought her head back again and threw it forward. The crack grew larger. The third strike produced a hole. Another zombie knocked her aside and pushed his fingers through the hole, the glass peeling the skin from his flesh. It pulled, and a piece of glass snapped and came away. More zombies reached in and pulled at the glass like it were a pick ‘n’ mix bag.
“You were saying?” Maisie said.
Janice and Mark backtracked.
“We have to get out of here,” Janice said. “They’re going to get in.”
“Where will we go?” Mark said.
“I don’t know,” Maisie said, watching the hole grow wider, “but we need to leave soon.”
They grabbed their backpacks and hastily shoved as much food in as they could from their shelves.
A zombie stuck his head in through the window and hissed at them. He was short and bald, with bushy black eyebrows. He was pushed forward by the other zombies. The doorframe began to splinter. More zombies filtered into the back garden now, and Maisie knew it wouldn’t be long before they breached.
“Let’s get out of here!” she said.
They ran to the front door and pulled it open. They skidded to a halt.
A zombie stood at their front gate. She wore a pink T-shirt and white knickers. Her back was to them. Mark pulled back, blocking the exit.
“Go!” Maisie said. “Just run around her!”
Mark hesitated, and then stepped out into the front garden. The zombie in pink began to turn, and Mark pulled back again. Thankfully he was out of the way now, and Maisie moved in the zombie’s blind spot. Maisie put her hands on the short fence and threw herself over it.
Janice and Mark stood stock still as the zombie turned on them. Janice grabbed Mark’s arm, who held out his hands as if he could reason with the creature.
“Jump over the fence!” Maisie said. “Stop standing there like morons!”
A smash came from inside the house. Maisie couldn’t see past the zombie in pink, but no doubt the zombies had breached and were on their way inside the house. Mark and Janice would have zombies at their front and back. But Janice and Mark still hadn’t moved.
Maisie picked up a stick and hit the fence. The zombie in pink turned to investigate the sound.
“Get over the fence!” Maisie said. “Hurry!”
Janice snapped out of her fear first. She pulled on Mark’s arm, and he followed. They hopped over the fence, neither of them nimble. Maisie turned to the street to find the noise she’d made had attracted more than just the zombie in pink.
More zombies appeared from the houses along the street. They turned and headed toward them, tongues lolling from their blood-encrusted mouths and limbs hanging like spare parts.
Mark reached into his pocket and took out a handful of chocolates. He dropped a few, unwrapped those he still had in his hand, and stuffed them in his face.
“Now what do we do?” he said between thick mouthfuls.
Maisie marvelled at how she, an eight-year-old, had become the leader.
“First thing, we need to get away from here as far as we can,” she said. “This is your town. Where is somewhere safe we can hide for a while? Somewhere with lots of exits.”
Neither of them spoke. They were busy staring open-mouthed at the zombies. Maisie clapped her hands, startling them.
“Wake up!” she said. “Somewhere safe. Tell me now.”
“The school,” Janice said. “It’s big and there’s lots of exits.”
“Is it usually locked up tight?”
“Always, during closing times, like these days.”
“Good. Then we’ll head there. We’ll rest and figure out what we’ll do after we get there.”

4:23PM
A blackbird fluttered its wings and came to a stop on the short wall. It cocked its head to one side, gazing at Chris. He couldn’t blame it for its curiosity. If he could see himself, he’d have been curious too.
Chris stood with his foot out straight before him, over the building’s edge. His legs had grown stiff and sore, but he relished the pain. If he could feel, it meant he was still alive.
He checked his watch. The stopwatch was now counting backwards. Twenty minutes had passed. Chris sat down, letting his legs dangle over the edge.
He looked out at the roofs of the buildings opposite, and the quiet street below him between his feet. How could it be that he hadn’t turned yet? Was it a delay? Was he immune? Was Mr Bryant wrong about the virus taking eight hours to take effect? Chris had all the symptoms. The shaking, the sweating, the vomiting. And yet he hadn’t turned. What other possible reason for not turning could there be?
On the pavement below he could make out the splatter the whiskey had made, a dark spot on the grey paving slabs. Chris frowned, and then he smiled. He slapped his forehead with the palm of his hand.
“Idiot!” he said out loud. “Why didn’t you think of this before?”
He got to his feet, suddenly feeling full of life. He looked into the distance.
“Maisie…”
He turned and ran.

4:36PM
The secondary school was huge, with a great ten-foot tall metal link fence wrapped around it. Unfortunately for Maisie, Mark and Janice, a mob of zombies, ten thick and fifty wide, were pressing against it, buckling it inwards. Gunfire boomed and flashed from the school’s roof.
“Looks like it’s occupied,” Mark said. “Now what do we do?”
“Think,” Maisie said, turning to Janice. “There must be another safe place.”
Mark tore the wrapping off another mini Snickers bar and popped it in his mouth.
“The shopping centre,” Janice said. “There’s lots of exits, and lots of food there.”
“Then let’s go.”
They turned to run. They froze in their tracks.
Zombies rounded the corner and ambled toward them with slow, heavy steps. They appeared to be the same zombies from Mark and Janice’s house, the woman in pink in front. Their mouths hung open and drool dripped onto the road in sticky puddles. Maisie ran forward to cross the road.
“They’re still coming after us!” Mark said.
“Of course they’re still coming for us,” Maisie said. “They’ll never stop. Come on! We have to go this way!”
They ran into a narrow alleyway, the darkness deep and foreboding. Steam hissed from a pipe that protruded from a wall. They stumbled over boxes and crates that had been left there, forgotten. Maisie stepped carefully to make little noise, but Mark was not well coordinated and his heavy boots clomped and stamped and echoed down the alleyway.
“Mark!” Maisie hissed. “Run quietly! Try not to sound like a herd of elephants!”
Chastened, Mark placed his feet carefully, but still made more noise than Maisie and Janice put together.
They peeled down another alleyway. Daylight shone brightly at the end, to freedom. They got halfway down it when Maisie pulled up short as a silhouette appeared at the alley’s mouth. Janice and Mark ran into Maisie’s back, knocking her to the ground. Someone stepped on Maisie’s calf. She felt her muscles twist. She cried out in pain. Janice and Mark stopped, finally seeing the figure at the end of the alley.
“We have to turn back!” Mark said.
“Help me up,” Maisie said.
Janice bent down and supported her by wrapping an arm around her shoulders. Maisie limped back toward the maze of crisscrossing alleyway tunnels. But before they got to the end, a crowd of zombies, perhaps a dozen strong, limped past, down an alleyway at a right-angle to their own.
Maisie planted her feet to stop and hide until the zombies passed, but Janice and Mark barrelled forward a few more steps before they noticed them.
A zombie turned, using his whole body to do so, and stared at them. His severed lips bent and contorted up, a severe cut connecting the corner of his mouth and one eye. He groaned, and a reply came from the throats of those around him. They shuffled down the alleyway.
“We’re trapped!” Mark said.
Maisie turned to look in the other direction, toward the exit of the alleyway they had been heading for. The single figure dragged his leg behind him as he approached.
“There’s only one zombie this way,” Maisie said. “If one of you can hit him over the head, we can get out of here.”
“We can’t kill him!” Mark said, another wrapper tumbling from his fingertips. “We’d be murderers!”
“If you don’t kill him, he’s going to kill all of us!” Maisie said.
“Maybe… Maybe we can run past him,” Janice said.
“We’ll never get past him,” Maisie said. “Not with me like this.”
Janice and Mark exchanged a look.
“We have to try,” Mark said in a calm voice that struck Maisie as out of character. “On the count of three we’ll all run. One, two…”
Maisie stiffened her body, ready to sprint at the zombie. She noticed his legs were wide apart when he dragged his leg behind him. If she timed it right, she might be able to squeeze between them.
“Three!” Mark said.
Maisie coiled her leg up underneath her. A pair of hands gripped her backpack, lifted her up into the air, and tossed her forward, where she landed in a heap at the limping zombie’s feet. 
“Take her!” Mark said. “Let’s go!”
Maisie stared in horror as Mark and Janice sprinted past the zombie, who swung his arms at them, but missed. He turned back to Maisie. He brought his arms up to grab her. She got to her feet and threw herself between his legs. She crawled along the ground to put some distance between her and the zombie. She got to her feet, her ankle throbbing.
The zombie began to turn, using his whole body. By now the other zombies had caught up, shuffling their feet, cajoling and bumping against one another as they bustled down the alleyway toward her.
Maisie pushed herself to go as fast as she could, ignoring the pain in her calf. She managed a speed only marginally faster than the zombies.
A zombie’s fingers scrabbled at her backpack, and then grabbed hold of it. She shrugged her shoulders and her bag slipped down her arms.
The alleyway exit grew larger and brighter and filled her with hope. Could she make it? And even if she did, what would she do then?

4:51PM
The Porsche screeched to a halt outside Mark and Janice’s house. Chris leapt out of the car and hopped over the fence.
The front door was wide open. He could see through to the other end of the house, where the French windows in the living room had been smashed, and spots of blood caked the jagged edge. With his heart in his throat, Chris entered the house.
“Maisie?” he said. “Are you in here? Maisie?”
He walked into the living room, checked the kitchen, the downstairs bathroom, and the study, but found no sign of her. Then he proceeded up the stairs, feet making heavy thunking noises on the hollow steps, and checked the three bedrooms, the ensuite bathroom, and the shared bathroom. No sign.
He came back out the front door, shaken. His daughter was lost to him. He felt a heavy tug in his chest as he stepped toward the car. He peered around at his surroundings. Neat ash trees grew in uniform rows along both sides of the street. A nice neighbourhood. A safe neighbourhood.
Something crunched beneath his foot. He looked down to see it was a wrapper. A golden wrapper with ‘mini Snickers’ written across it. He looked up and down the street. It didn’t take him long to find the next wrapper, flapping in the gentle breeze between two paving slabs.
Chris smiled and got into his car.

4:59PM
Chris drove along the streets, looking out through the windows at the ground, eyes scouring the road surface. The dying light caught the wrappers and made them shine like golden nugget breadcrumbs. The wrappers led to a narrow alleyway. Chris was filled with a feeling of dread.
The trail went cold. Just as Chris thought he’d have to go into the alley and look around, he found another wrapper on the other side of the building.
The wrappers were further apart now. Perhaps they had been running? They led to a children’s playground. A pile of wrappers, the chocolates still inside them, laid in a discarded pile like a little bird was building a nest. Chris got out of the car.
The playground was the typical affair with slides, swings and roundabouts. A strong wind blew and made the plastic animals squeak with long creaks on their springs. Between a smiling elephant and a laughing giraffe were the bloody remains of an indeterminate number of bodies. Chris’s insides turned to water.
The bodies lay in a thick congealing pool of blood. Red footprints walked away from the scene in random directions. Chris’s eyes scanned the bloody remains for something, anything, identifiable as Maisie. A clutch of mousey hair, or a discarded child’s trainer, perhaps. But the fact he recognised nothing meant little. She could have been torn to pieces with nothing of her delicate little body remaining.
Chris fell to his knees. Was this his daughter? Was this her final resting place?
Amongst the pool of blood was an eye. It was blue, not Maisie’s chestnut brown. The eye blinked, and Chris stumbled back. A hole opened and closed, drowning in blood. Chris pushed the blood aside with his shoe. The eye blinked again and looked up at Chris. The hole was a mouth. It gasped, sucking in and gasping air.
“You came back!” the mouth said, voice muffled with blood. “We thought you were gone for good.”
“Who are you?” Chris said.
“I’m Mark,” the mouth said, screwed up in pain.
“What happened to you?”
“They fell on us, bit us, and tore us to pieces.”
“‘Us’?”
Chris’s heart was in his mouth.
“Me and Janice,” Mark said. “She’s dead, I think.”
The eye swivelled to look at the lump beside Mark.
“In eight hours we’ll both wake up and become those things,” he said.
“Where’s Maisie?” Chris said.
“Please,” Mark said. “Help us.”
“Tell me where Maisie is.”
Mark gurgled blood. It stained his beard red and dribbled down the side of his face.
“She saw the zombies and ran away,” he said. “We did our best to protect her, but she wouldn’t listen. That’s how they caught us.”
“Which way?”
“I don’t know. Please. Kill us now. I don’t want to be like this forever.”
“I’m sorry this happened to you,” Chris said. “Thank you for trying to help my daughter.”
Chris picked up a rock and smashed both their skulls in. Shards poked up from their heads like they were wearing crowns. Chris stood up and returned to the car. He put his hands on the roof and tried to think where she might be. Had she said something once? A clue?
A zombie stumbled across the road about half a mile ahead, followed by another, and another. They seemed to be heading in one direction.
Chris got in the car, floored the accelerator and followed the trail of zombies.

5:07PM
“Get away from me!” a high-pitched voice said. “Get away!”
Chris hit the accelerator and spun the wheel toward the voice’s origin. The high street stretched off up a hill. He slowed down. The voice had come from around this location.
There was a scream, high pitched and couched in fear. It came from down an alley, bouncing off the walls and making it echo like something from a horror movie.
Chris pushed the car forward, turned left, and then made another left, emerging on the other side of the alleyway in a car park. His eyes widened.
Maisie was crouched on a jutting piece of window ledge eight feet in the air. God knows how she’d got up there. Maisie whimpered, her face scrunched up with fear, tears rolling down her cheeks.
A pack of hungry zombies reached up for her with their blood-smeared hands, scratching at the window ledge. The zombies moaned a continuous “Uhhhh,” the soundtrack to the gates of hell. Maisie looked up and saw the Porsche.
“Dad!” she said. “Dad! Help me!”
She made a mad wave for him to see her, and lost her footing. For a split second her leg dangled out over the ledge. A hand grabbed her ankle. Another seized her shoe. She whimpered and pulled her leg back. Her shoe came off. The zombies fought over it, biting and tearing chunks out of it, and each other.
“Dad!” Maisie said. “Hurry!”
“I’m going to come back for you,” Chris shouted. “Just hold on a minute longer!”
Chris honked his horn. Some of the closer zombies turned and approached the car. They pried at the doors and windows. Chris honked the horn again, and more zombies peeled away from the marauding group.
“Come on!” Chris shouted, honking the horn. “Come get me! Come on! Nice hot human, right here!”
The zombies hit the side of the car, beating dents into it with their ruined fists and cracking the windows.
Chris hit the accelerator and pulled away a few yards. He honked again. More zombies followed, but there were still a lot of zombies beneath Maisie. Chris revved the engine so it roared. More zombies approached the car, about half the pack that had formerly been grasping for Maisie. The majority were following him now.
He took the car a little farther away, leading the zombies around the corner. Chris hit the accelerator, jolting the Porsche forward and smashing into a zombie heading toward him.
Once he got to the next crossroads, he turned right down a one-way street and flew up it, leaving the zombies behind. He came out the other side and turned right. Straight ahead of him was a stretch of road about four hundred yards long. At the end of it, the zombie mob perched beneath Maisie. Chris reached up and unwound the sunroof and put on his seatbelt.
“Here goes nothing,” he said.
He put the car into first and hit the accelerator. The engine roared and he slammed through the gears in rapid succession, keeping the revs high. The car sped down the road, hit the kerb, and slammed into the zombies.
Time seemed to slow as the thick band of bodies took the impact. The car blasted through the first few rows, slicing them in half at the upper thigh, and then knocked the rest back onto the ground, some smashing their heads on the concrete, popping like balloons. Some had stood to the side and had escaped without injury. They griped at Chris’s cracked window.
Maisie hopped off her stoop and fell through the skylight. Her knee smacked into Chris’s face, but he didn’t care. He hit the accelerator and peeled away, leaving the mutilated bodies of three dozen corpses behind.
The front fender was badly buckled and sparks scraped from it as it dragged along the ground and made a groove along the road. The fender finally gave up and snapped off.
Only once they were out of town did Chris look over at Maisie. She had blood on her arms and legs, and her clothes were torn and tattered.
“Are you all right?” Chris said. “Were you bitten?”
Maisie looked out the window.
“Maisie?” Chris said. “Are you all right?”
“Yes,” she said sourly.
“Is that it? ‘Yes’? After I risked my neck to rescue you? ‘Yes’?”
“I wouldn’t have been in that situation if you hadn’t have left me there in the first place.”
“I thought I was turning into one of them,” Chris said defensively.
“The people you left me with ran and left me the minute the zombies turned up,” Maisie said.
“What? They said… That lying little…”
“You met them?”
“Parts of them.”
“Then they got their comeuppance, at least.”
There was a pause. Maisie folded her arms.
“Why aren’t you dead?” she said.
“It’s good to see you too,” Chris said. “Turns out I wasn’t infected. None of your sister’s blood got into my system. Isn’t that great?”
“Then what about all the symptoms? The being sick, your body shaking, the headaches.”
“I was just feeling the effects of going cold turkey. I haven’t drank anything in hours. That’s a new record for me!”
“Oh.”
“You needn’t sound so excited.”
“So, you’re going to be okay? I mean, really okay?”
Maisie’s cold exterior broke. Her eyes shimmered with tears. She blinked and they spilled down her cheeks.
“Yes,” Chris said. “I’m going to be okay.”
“Promise me one thing,” Maisie said. “Promise me you won’t ever leave me again.”
“I won’t.”
“Promise me.”
“I promise I’ll never leave you again.”
Maisie wiped away her tears with her fingers.
“Good,” she said.
They sat in silence. The engine began to sputter and smoke hissed out the exhaust like a hacking cough. The whole Porsche shook.
“Why are there suddenly so many zombies now?”
“They’re the second generation,” Chris said. “The first generation woke up this morning, bit new victims, and now they’re all turning into zombies. It won’t be long before the whole world is crawling with them.”
“Mark said the apocalypse might end soon. But it isn’t, is it?”
“No,” Chris said. “It’s not. It’s only just begun. We need to find somewhere safe, somewhere out of the way.”
“Where?”
“I think I know a place.”
Something inside the Porsche’s engine made a loud rattling noise.
“That’s if we can get there,” Maisie said.
Chris tapped the dashboard like he were soothing a lover.
“She’ll make it,” he said. “She hasn’t let us down yet.”

5:24PM
The Porsche sounded like a one-man band in dire need of lessons by the time they pulled up to the farmhouse. It rattled, grinded, and whistled. The car rolled to a stop. Steam hissed out from under the bonnet, and oil dribbled down the driveway. The whole chassis seemed to relax two feet closer to the ground. Maisie got out of the car and looked up at the mansion.
“I can’t fault your taste,” Maisie said. “At least we’ll have lots of rooms to sleep in.”
“We’re not staying in the house.”
“Where are we going to stay, then?”
Chris pointed to the barn.
“Why don’t we stay in the house?” Maisie said.
“Because those things are out there. They can climb stairs. If we stay in the barn, we can stay up high and they won’t be able to get to us. We can sleep easy.”
Maisie looked up at the exquisite farmhouse.
“A bad night’s sleep isn’t such a steep price to pay for staying somewhere so nice,” she said.
“No, but having your face bitten off might be.”
Chris opened the car boot and began filling his backpack with the food from Little Bytham village. He shut the boot and they crossed to the barn.
The doors opened without a squeak. The inside smelled of bleach and animals, though there were no animals present. Farming tools hung from specially-made struts on the walls.
“Lovely,” Maisie said. “Tell me again why this is safer than the mansion house.”
Chris pointed up at the ceiling.
“That’s why,” he said.
High above them, at the back of the barn, on par with the ceiling beams, was a flat shelf. Chris picked up the ladder that hung from hooks on the wall and leaned it against the shelf. He climbed to the top and dumped his bags on the floor. Maisie followed him, the pain in her calf giving her grief. Chris helped pull her up.
The shelf was a surprisingly large space. There was a small round window in the wall that looked out over the flat open farmland on one side, and woodland on the other.
“Not bad, huh?” Chris said.
“Once we wash the smell out, it’ll serve. I suppose.”
“Let’s do it later,” Chris said, laying down on the floor and getting comfortable. “I’m going to sleep for the next few days.”
“Fine,” Maisie said, “but not before you help me get a thick mattress from the farmhouse.”
zChris looked at her.
“You’re serious?” he said.
“Deadly.”
Chris sighed and sat up.
“No rest for the wicked,” he said.
Maisie smiled.
“You’re not so wicked,” she said. “At least, not anymore.”
“You say that now,” Chris said. “You haven’t seen my cooking yet.”

NOVEMBER 2014
Statistics from the World Health Organisation
EBOLA (?) CASES: UNKNOWN
EBOLA (?) DEATHS: 2 BILLION+


Dr Victoria Kahn, Chief Medical Officer, Saint Bartholomew’s Hospital, extract from her speech notes on The Origin of the Virus, dated two weeks after the outbreak
Early estimates put global population loss at between forty to sixty percent, matching the First World War and Spanish Flu combined for mortality rates. It is the single greatest catastrophe in human history.
It was sheer luck that we here, the world’s leading medical minds, were in London when the virus took hold. If you recall, we were discussing the Ebola outbreak and how best to combat it, to prevent its spread to the rest of the world. Little did we know that at that very moment, the nightmare situation we were discussing was actually taking place.
Scientists have long assumed this ‘zombie’ virus is an offshoot of the Ebola virus. After all, it displays all the hallmarks of the original disease: a high rate of mortality, symptoms including fever, sore throat, muscle pain, headaches, vomiting etc. But what if it was another virus? Similar enough to Ebola for no one to notice, but with a one hundred percent mortality rate? In other words, what if this new virus was always there, in the background, but mistaken for Ebola?
Only three diseases are known to have a mortality rate of one hundred percent. Rabies encephalitis, HIV and the Bubonic plague. Only one of these diseases has a history of killing a vast proportion of the world’s population in a single stroke. Bubonic plague. But then, how is it that a disease that was eradicated from the face of the earth suddenly came back into being?
I have a theory, and I am not alone in thinking this. In 2014, scientists began reanimating dead viruses. The belief was we might be able to harness their unique properties. One such virus, entitled ZX183, has the ability to fully restore a damaged cell. In effect, the patient becomes a kind of superman, although the duration was limited. By trying to unlock these abilities we were opening up a whole new field of medical development and research.
Then one day on 26th March 2014, a construction crew working under London’s Charterhouse Square discovered a fourteenth century graveyard full of Bubonic plague victims. Scientists were sent to excavate the bodies and search for long-dead viruses. We were not disappointed. Evidence of the plague virus remained, after all these centuries. We were able to reanimate it and bring it back to life. That was one of the greatest achievements of modern science. I fear it may also have been our greatest mistake.
The virus had been scientifically altered to be more aggressive and reprogrammed to harness ZX183’s life-giving properties. Cells die and are then rebooted. You have all seen the effect of this virus. We are now in a race against time to do something equally incredible: to discover the cure. And though we are certain it can be discovered, we can only pray we will have enough time to do so.
Humanity’s days are numbered, I fear, and it may be an inconceivably low number at that.

WHAT TO READ NEXT?

I hope you enjoyed Z-Minus 1.
It is the first in a trilogy of zombie novellas. Z-Minus 2 and 3 will be out soon. In the meantime, if you’d like to read another zombie series, why not check out my epic Blood Memory series? The first episode is absolutely FREE when you join my mailing list!
Or, check out my other books. You’re sure to find something that tickles your fancy!

BE KIND, REVIEW

Reviews mean an awful lot on the internet. But often, readers don’t leave them. If you enjoyed Z-Minus 1, please make one author very happy and leave a review HERE. It doesn’t need to be long – a single sentence is fine, but it would mean the world to me if you did.

OTHER BOOKS BY BRIAR



Blood Never Forgets

Haven’s crew found Jordan Grant half-dead floating at sea. With a six-year hole in his memory, he remembers nothing of the Incident or the zombies who have claimed the land as their own. He joins the crew in their daily struggle to survive in a harsh new world where every meal is live or die.
But when a shipwreck forces them from the safety of the sea, the crew soon discover their pursuers aren’t the only monsters out to get them. As Jordan confronts the horror of his past he unlocks a secret that threatens to destroy not only him but the future of the entire human race.

Start reading FREE when you join my mailing list.
Alternatively, buy from the following Smashwords website.

OTHER BOOKS BY BRIAR



A shipwreck; a deserted island; a horde of zombies; a single family fighting to survive.

After a tropical storm, the Robinson family discovers a mysterious boat shipwrecked on their shore. An attempt to scavenge the wreckage awakens something dark and extremely dangerous. With the full weight of the undead descending down upon them, can the family prepare a strong enough defence? Or will they become the latest victims of a virus-ridden world?

The classic tale, inspired by Robinson Crusoe, written by Johann David Wyss, adapted by Perrin Briar, is an adrenalin-pumping adventure of zombie survival. If your family was trapped on an island, what would you do?

Part of the Blood Memory universe.

Reading FREE when you join my mailing list.
Alternatively, buy from the following Smashwords website.

OTHER BOOKS BY BRIAR



They beat him.
They broke him.
They stabbed him.
They murdered him.
Would you forgive them? Or would you get Square?

Tony Green was recently released having served a four-year prison sentence for murder. With the support of a loving fiancée he attempts to prevent the next generation from following in his own footsteps. Although Tony may be paying back his debt to society, he is about to discover other debts are not so easily repaid.

Start reading FREE when you join my mailing list.
Alternatively, buy from the following Smashwords website.

OTHER BOOKS BY BRIAR



Would you do anything to protect your inheritance?

When modern-day Scrooge Hetty Loveridge saw the opportunity to exploit an inheritance tax loophole for her children, she took it.
She need only live seven more years.
One week shy, she keels over, dead.
Peter and Kate get more than they bargained for as they attempt to fool the tax-man into believing their mother is still alive.
At the heart of this fast-paced and hilarious tale is a story about family, redemption, and hidden secrets.

Start reading FREE when you join my mailing list.
Alternatively, buy from the following Smashwords website.

WAS IT GOOD FOR YOU?

Sign up to Perrin's newsletter and get 4 free stories, news of forthcoming new novels, competitions, special prices, advanced novel previews and access to the serial story Skip!

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Perrin Briar is an English author and teacher, known for his popular Blood Memory series and black comedy Keeping Mum. Before writing he worked as a TV researcher, teacher, stock counter and chocolate factory worker.
You can email him at perrin@perrinbriar.com or tweet at @perrinbriar. He loves corresponding with fans, so don’t hesitate to contact him if you have a question!

Copyright © 2014 Perrin Briar

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the author except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

Published by Perrin Briar.
Cover design by James at goonwrite.com.

Want to know more about Perrin Briar’s books?
Visit www.perrinbriar.com and get four books free for joining.

