VAMPIRE HUNTER

the GENESIS 1890

Robert Desilva

Smashwords Edition

Copyright June 2014

Laythan Kendrew-the mere mention of his name strikes terror in the souls of the undead during the 19th century. Before vampire hunters were ever formed he was the first, the beginning, the genesis. Lita Reznik, the first true super vampire reigned in absolution without trepidation. Their paths would cross, solidifying their place in history. As Laythan embarks on a quest to hunt down and destroy the only creature who dares to match his abilities, he meets Ainsley Corrs-a beautiful and stylish Irish woman who becomes the much needed addition to his life. In an epic story that covers eight decades and spans five countries, the classic war between good and unparalleled evil explodes over the European continent. Armed with the Bone Splitter, a sword that seemingly makes him invincible, he becomes the foundation for how all modern day vampire hunters are established and measured by. Despite the horror and heartache that threatens to consume him during his conflict, he and Ainsley continuously persevere to form the greatest love story of all time.

LICENSING NOTICE
No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form without the express written permission of the author. All rights reserved.

CHAPTER ONE
	Six months passed since the organization known as the Hunters saved New Holland from a plague that the city was totally unprepared for.  Eva Sandagaul and her family of demons infamously known as gargoyles were destroyed. If there were any vestiges left over from the conflict they remained completely out of sight. Finally, the cold, dark season lifted and the citizens of St. Viktersburg reveled in the warm weather and sunshine. Deer hopped across college campuses, birds sang, butterflies were everywhere and squirrels flashed across the lawns of residents in search of food. These were small, yet, very significant events that always disappeared when winter invaded the country. All the warm weather activities included the usual season of romance that came over men and women, who for a time, could stroll hand in hand inside the parks during the night without fear of being attacked and devoured by a vampire or some other ghoulish creature. Thomas and Kerri’s relationship benefited from the perfect spring and summer months.  The steam hadn’t run out of their courtship. Since his return home they had only met on a few instances but always spent seven to ten days together on each visit, which only made their time together more special. Their relationship had grown and no one interfered.  
	The organization’s new headquarters were complete.  Aside from some minor finishing touches that were needed, the structure was ready to be occupied.  The Hunters faced a challenge moving the contents from their old building to the new one. For all intent and purposes, people who saw the Kursk name and the trademark emblem on structures assumed that those who went in and out each day were just employees. The buildings were only accessible to members. They were people who unlike the Hunters themselves were members but not active fighters. They were usually related to someone in the organization or either they were close trusted friends. These non-combat members were positioned in high places in society and were supporters one hundred percent. They came from all walks of life but they all had one very important criterion that qualified them to be associates-they all lost close loved ones to vampires, gargoyles or ghouls. Although the fighters were men, females associates worked and aided the organization tirelessly in countless of ways. The technical knowledge they provided kept what was in effect, the Dikane Empire ahead of the world and the business competition in many categories. Their immediate problem was that they needed to move from one location to another without outsiders getting a view of some of their possessions. Many of the organization’s treasures were only meant to be seen by members. For this reason, Thomas had the rear entrance of the new building constructed in such a way that a truck could back up inside and be unloaded.  Items such as, furniture were moved by professionals. Relocating made Thomas sick. He hated moving and dreaded the entire experience. He helped but very reluctantly. Every object was in a proper place and now that was going to change, and he was not a fan of change. The old building had the familiar feel of years past when he first joined the organization. Moving somehow meant leaving those times and the people he held dear to him behind. 
	The other members constantly laughed at him and his reluctance to throw away old book shelves and other office furniture. There was no room for them when they had already purchased new pieces along with office supplies and electronic equipment. The first week in June was an extremely busy one. They never realized how much went into furnishing their offices until they had to relocate further down the street. Each time Thomas came back with the others to move more of their belongings he sat down in the chair to stall in order to keep objects the others insisted they didn’t need. Shawn and the others bossed him around something terrible during that time. If they hadn’t, he would’ve taken every little useless item with him into their new address. Jacque’s office chair was old and no longer needed. Thomas, in his slick little way, sat down in the chair as the movers came into the empty office to take only the materials that were going to the trash. The other members stood there and looked at him as he pretended to be oblivious to the fact that the chair was trash also.
 “Well, we’re waiting,” Keith blurted out.
“Waiting for what?” Thomas asked with a dumb look on his face.
 “You know what,” Keith responded. “The chair- It’s going in the garbage so don’t even think about. That thing is over fifty years old-time to kiss it goodbye.”
 Thomas struggled to find an excuse to drag Jacque’s chair along with them into the new office. 
	“Wait, it’s that old? Doesn’t seem like it. I mean, the chair still looks alright to me.”
They all eyed each other-some turned their heads and snickered. Keith walked over to him.
	“Tommy, get up-step away from the chair.”
The others broke out into a laugh. He slapped his hands on the top of his thighs and stood up as Keith snatched the chair from behind him. He told one of the movers to chuck the piece in the trash. Thomas exhaled a loud sigh and mumbled to himself on his way out of the room. The chair was old and worn. It was time for the piece to go. He wasn’t a hoarder or anything of the sort. He just wanted to keep certain items and they wouldn’t let him. If they had allowed him to keep two items, he would have wanted four. The past was very important and precious to him. But just the same, Keith had already acquired a better and more momentous chair from Jacque’s home in Seakirk, Scotland. This was the chair he and his daughter Jacqueline, sat in when he read bed time stories to her. Jacque never could bring himself to throw the chair away. Now, the Hunters were going to have the piece in an exhibit dedicated to him. In the huge show room was going to contain countless of items that told the story of his birth, his life as the founder of the English chapter of the Hunters, and his death. The room would be available for viewing any time by members. This was a ‘Hall Of Fame’ section for him that would be roped off in his honor. His picture, many of them with his fellow brothers, some who were deceased, was posted as part of the exhibit. 
	At the end of what was a very long move, the men decided to stop for the day. Objects were moved up to the top floors but they still needed to re-arrange the offices and much more. That alone was going to take a couple of weeks to accomplish. About twenty-five of them went downstairs in front of the Kursk Plaza, the new public name of their headquarters. They purchased some drinks from one of the many street vendors. They discussed the technical aspects they had to complete in order to get their office equipment up and running. The summer heat drained them. The temperature was Ninety-two degrees and the humidity was at ninety eight percent-not the best weather to be moving about in. They wore white T-shirts but had to keep changing because they were repeatedly soaked from perspiration. Still, they didn’t complain. At 7:30pm the sun still burned bright. They didn’t have to worry about night time until twelve am. And even then, the skies never really became completely dark. Usually at 3 or 4am, the daylight re-occurred. This also caused the city’s economy to boom because people went out more and tourist came from everywhere. Now, with a population of over thirty million people, St. Viktersburg took in unimaginable amounts of revenue.  The young men decided to go back upstairs to their new surroundings where the air conditioned made for a much more comfortable atmosphere. They explored and surveyed the surroundings of their new posh and classy edifice.  They decided that later that evening, they would all go home, get dressed and then dine out. Thomas’ turn came around to pick where they ate. One of his favorite restaurants, if not the most favorite, was TGIF’s-Thank Goths It’s Friday.  As far as Thomas was concerned, no eatery in the city served better cuisine.  He loved saucy types of meats like steaks, briskets, rack of ribs just to name a few.
	Their dinner plans would go forward but much later than they anticipated. As Thomas sat in a chair with his feet on a desk, Brandon began to plunder through an old sealed file case that contained an incredible number of chronicles that dated as far back as the start of the 20th century. While viewing them, an enormously thick book casing caught his eye. The other guys chatted away in their separate conversations-unaware of what he was doing. The dark green casing was dated from the 1930’s. He removed the book from the protective sleeve. He immediately felt the difference in paper as appose to the paper used today.  After examining the back, he turned the book over to the front. The title read: CHRONICLES OF LAYTHAN KENDREW -THE VERY FIRST VAMPIRE HUNTER, 1890.

CHAPTER TWO
	Brandon’s mouth dropped open.  He felt as though he had discovered the Holy Grail of all archives. He opened the book to the first page. The measurements of the hardback were six inches thick, twelve inches wide and sixteen inches tall. After further searches, a total of five books written by Laythan Kendrew were uncovered. The younger members were aware that there was an original Hunter who founded the organization but never knew much about him. Digging into the matter was off limits on Jacque’s orders. However, Brandon stumbled onto the history of the man whose life by all accounts, was legendary. On the first page was a detached letter written by Jacque nearly six months after they were initiated as members. Brandon read the contents.
“Dear Hunters. Although I expected to have a talk with you on this subject some day before I retired to my home in Seakirk, I thought it best that I left this with you in the event something out of the ordinary happened to me. This short letter is especially for the newest Hunters who have just taken upon them, a most dangerous occupation. Being one is something one should not enter into lightly. More importantly, they should not feel compelled to remain one because an affiliation to a past or present relative or friend-living or dead. These types of decisions can cost a person their life. For this reason, I refused to put any of you in that position. I didn’t want to be responsible for any tragedies you may have suffered because of my persuasion.  To be pressured into remaining a member is not the way of this organization. Nothing about us is forced. Freely you joined and freely you may leave.  Among the top four members, one of you has a cultural connection to the man who established this organization-one I am sure you will appreciate. I’m not sure why, but I think the founder believed that with the passage of time this brotherhood would eventually cease to exist-therefore saw no need to use his name to coax men into this way of life. As much as he might disapprove if he were alive today, I must insist that you learn about the greatest man who ever lived to head this organization. His name was Laythan Kendrew. Although I founded the England chapter, he is beyond comparison, the first and the greatest vampire hunter who ever walked this earth. Read his remarkable chronicles and decide whether or not my words are true. May God be with you always-Love Jacque.”
	Brandon was stunned. He turned around with a serious look on his face. The others in the room noticed and stopped talking. 
“What?” Keith asked.
 “Dudes, I just found the first chronicle of the guy who started all of this. The first Hunter,” Brandon said with excitement. 
“What?” Shawn marveled. 
Rolland, another fraternity brother, belted out, “No way. Where did you find that?” 
“I was just digging around and I found this book buried behind the other volumes,” he informed then continued, “and there’s a letter from Jacque in here too-here it is.” 
He forked over the piece of paper to Shawn as he opened it and read aloud. The others immediately jumped up and hovered around him in an effort to get a glimpse of the words on the page. Brandon reached back into the book’s rear compartment and pulled out a CD that had the same title as the book. Jacque was cautious enough to make copies of all the chronicles. He had all of Laythan’s books transcribed word for word without editing. He knew that paper was vulnerable to time so he took steps to assure that his record would always be preserved for the men who followed in his footsteps. As they plundered through the giant book case, Shawn got up and went into his new office down the hall.  He came back with a full pack of discs. Instead of waiting on each person to read the chronicles, he had Brandon give him the master copy. He went back to his office and used his desk top computer to burn copies, which he passed out to everyone there. That way, they could read the accounts of Laythan’s work at their convenience. As was the case for the heading of most of his chapters, The Master CD was titled: ‘The Ghost Women and the Hunter’. They found this odd. But as they read his book they would come to understand. Unlike Western Europe during the 19th century, Romania, Germany, Czechoslovakia, Poland, Hungary and other locations in Eastern Europe, people didn’t commonly refer to the living dead as vampires. This reference held especially true for the females who were deceased. In small towns, they referred to them as ghost women or men because they were from the land of the dead and they all existed and moved the same as other spirits far as they knew. And like ghosts, they haunted a territory. They had the ability to disappear and re-appear according to their accounts. Any being that was dead and yet, walked among the living were always called ghosts. In actuality, they were less dangerous than vampires. Still, legend has it that they had literally scared people to death on some occasions. But they had no known use for blood. However, vampires did, and one particular ghost woman lived up to her reputation as the most feared Reaper of the eastern region of Czechoslovakia. The country was a very haunted place at that time. All types of evil ran amuck. Events transpired in such a manner that they left those who witnessed them tongue tied. Many of the tales that verbal rated through the eastern countries were products of incidents through the centuries that led people to believe that dark, spiritual forces were a constant threat to their lives and their souls. People who inhabited the landscape at that time relied more heavily on their versions of Christianity or their superstitions to protect them. Today, people rely on technology for everything. They live under the assumption that all devices that contain an electrical circuit can answer their every need or save them from anything and anyone. In many European countries during the 19th century people knew better and therefore, thought much differently. This was evident in the way society reacted when someone died under mysterious circumstances, particularly by vampires. For instance, if a black cat jumped over a corpse, if a shadow fell on it, if a horse shied away from a coffin, this was a bad sign that the dead would rise again. As a result, they buried the deceased face down in their container.  If a dog growled or barked at a coffin it also caused a panic among citizens, so they took other steps to keep the dead from coming back from their graves. The Hunters had read about these kinds of events. Unfortunately, they never had any real connection to someone who actually lived during the time when this type of mass fear and hysteria ruled such a large aspect of people’s lives. Brandon and all those who were present when he made his discovery had goose bumps-so to speak. Laythan was almost a god like mystery that they only heard about through the whispers of a few senior members.  At last, they were able to read up on Laythan-the man, to see if his actions matched up against his reputation. But, for the time being they closed their offices for the day. They left their own strict security people in both buildings and wished them a good evening as they exited the lobby. They drove home and showered. They dressed and later met at TGIF’s for dinner. Thirty members converged on the restaurant at 9:00pm. The entire staff was always ecstatic when they dined there. Unlike a lot of rich people, they weren’t cheap skates. They were all big tippers. They discussed the great find Brandon had come upon and the possibilities of the contents. After they completed their meals they relaxed and then had dessert. Eventually, they headed home. Moving objects all day and then dinning out wore them down. Still, the anticipation of learning about the father of all vampire hunters was a bonus that capped off a very productive day. After further downloading all the contents on a flash drive, Brandon decided to put the disc Shawn copied at the office in his home safe and read from the actual book. He got into a comfortable position on his sofa. The television was set at a low volume as the city’s late news broadcasted the events of their great metropolis. The feel and original smell of the leather binding that was nearly a century and half old, the look of the ink, the slightly rough, uneven edges and the discoloration of the paper gave him an authentic feel of the 1800’s. He opened the book and read the introduction. The history of the very first, true pioneer was in his hands. A man he would soon realize was a Prophet like hunter who had more on his side than just skill and weaponry. He sat back and braced himself mentally to take a journey back into the past-back into the mind, heart and soul of a mysterious legend-back to the early days of the Ghost Women and the Hunter.

CHAPTER THREE
	In 1840 Czechoslovakia, a little girl was born in an industrial town known as Ostrava. Her mother named her Lynette Anastazja Borlandavic. As far as anyone knew, she was the only child born to her parents Janos and Bella Borlandavic. The town was a close knit community but a hard life existed for many people during that time. Often, sickness took hold of an area and there would be droves of deaths due to the inadequate medical care-not to mention the Slavic territory was a cross roads for military disputes between other nations adjacent to them. Both parents worked in the city’s business district. Janos was employed as a maintenance crewman for the railroad, which had already changed the landscape of the country and the way people traveled. In comparison, Czechoslovakia’s railroad system was behind the United States and United Kingdom. The further east the system moved, the more difficult the efforts to construct new tracks and other related structures became. Janos provided well for Lynette and her mother, who was known to be the prettiest woman in town. She worked as a seamstress and made clothes that were worn by the upper class of Czech society. Lynette had many friends and was fairly educated. Despite staying above the poverty line amidst some real economic hard ships that sometimes got the best of others, the Borlandavics prospered and their living standards rose. Prague, the nation’s Capital, was periodically embroiled in some sort of conflict and struggle for the nation’s Independence.  This sometimes affected how well the country fared on matters of their national economy and domestic production. During tumultuous times, people were forced to seek employment further away from home than they wanted to. When times were good, work was available close to their cities, which made keeping a family together much easier.  
	Janos’ job kept him close by, which made for a very close relationship with his Lynette. She revered her mother, but as little girls most often do, she gravitated towards her father and became the quintessential ‘daddy’s little girl’.  However, she learned early on that her mother was the cement that held their family together. She also realized that her Bella was a fiery-strong willed individual. This often shocked people and threw them off because of her natural beauty and five foot four frame. Her lengthy black, wavy hair, which fell low enough to cover most of her back when undone, had a wet look and always shined as though someone had dipped it in a pale of water or clear oil. Lynette use to watch Bella sit in front of the mirror while she combed, brushed and took care of her locks. She often climbed up on her lap and looked at both of their reflections. She would always tell her Bella how much she wanted to look like her. She would get her wish. As she grew, so did her features. Blessed with her father’s eyes, who himself could be compared to a male model of any era; she became the spitting image of her mother. They were a very beautiful family to behold. The family was Lutheran and always made time to attend the church. Ostrava’s population was just over sixty thousand. The European continent‘s new rail travel and construction projects multiplied the need for more workers, which also included other surrounding nearby areas like Strakona. The industrial boom was not far behind in East Europe and was actually just heating up. Jonas and Bella eventually bought a house closer within the city limits. The move made life easier for them and more exciting for Lynette. Those who purchased homes or rented apartments directly in the city saw their daily commute to and from Strakona end. Although Ostrava was a large place with thousands of jobs, as was often the case, the heart of the city was more expensive to live in.  Despite the number of suburban towns located just three to four miles outside of the busy city, the entire district was listed and under the jurisdiction of Ostravian laws and, therefore, anyone who lived within their borough were still counted as their residents.
	Strakona was a suburban town located twelve miles east of Ostrava and had a population of twenty five thousand, and growing. But, the newest and highest paying jobs were located in Ostrava. These occupations often included careers that afforded people to travel and broaden their horizons. Such careers sometimes led them straight to the booming, grand city of Prague-the center point for the entire country. Prague was enormous in culture, land and diversity, and dwarfed every other city in terms of population. Being the capital, all the important legal, military and cultural action began and usually ended there. Strakona was a quieter place to live but didn’t offer the more exciting opportunities. For many years, thousands upon thousands of people commuted daily by public and private stage coach to and from Ostrava to work. This meant traveling through the many roads that were carved out by engineers in and around what was called the Lost Forest. This stretch of land was ten miles long and fifteen miles wide. The State’s plan was to have two rail lines that ran around and through the forest. There were many roads that lead to other drop off points in the villages and towns of suburbanites. After much debate over cost and other practicalities, the heads of the country decided that the rail line through the forest would be constructed at a later date. Instead, they began work on the rail line that would travel around the forest that separated the two cities. That decision left Strakonians in particular, out in the cold.
	The people of Strakona had to tangle with stage coaches, both private and public, as well as the use of their own horses for their daily commute. Going around the entire forest took well over an hour and a half-mainly because the horses had to be rested and refreshed and often replaced with fresh horses at stopover points. The long and rocky ride wore employees out physically. By the time they arrived in Ostrava in the morning they were too tired and stiff to work. By the time they arrived back home they usually felt as though they’d worked two jobs instead of one. Trekking through the woods cut an enormous amount of time out of the commute because the main roads and directional line that was constructed between the two cities was basically a straight corridor with a number of curves in between. Unfortunately, the roads within the forest were very perfidious to travel on at night. Not only that, people who rode their own horses to work risked getting caught in the rain and other inclement weather.  This made riding inside a dry stage coach the preferred way to travel. The main road also led past what was considered to be the haunted or cursed areas of the forest. A large meadow spilt the forest in two. The second half led to the Charles Bridge and into Strakona. In the meadow were tomb stones of the dead. Travelers often swore that the stones would be there one day and gone the next. And most of them were too large to be carried away without using a huge, mechanical lift. Suffice to say, the forest, although much traveled, had a haunted reputation that people in the eastern part of the country believed in whole heartedly.  Long stretches of roads were often brutal and poorly maintained. Rocks, tree limbs and other natural debris were responsible for a lot of damage to horses, wagons and their wheels. Break downs within the wooded fortress were common.  In the early 1840’s, a woman from Strakona named Sandra Kyolan and her ten year old daughter Eda, rode their wagon into the forest on the way to work in Ostrava one Saturday. On their way back they reached the meadow, which was just before the final, yet, short stretch of thick trees located before The Charles Bridge when her wagon wheel cracked and fell off.  She decided to take Eda with her walk to find help before it became too dark for them to see. The two were never seen again. Evidence indicated that they may have headed down toward Tvod, a small village on the opposite side of the meadow.  The police and other officials searched for weeks. After they failed to locate their whereabouts, they were officially listed as missing. During the two decades that followed their disappearance, those who knew them, swore that they saw Sandra wandering the forest in the evenings. In addition, they declared that they almost looked straight through her and that she appeared to be crying as she hovered toward them. Like vampires and other individuals who were reported to have been seen after their deaths, she was also categorized as a ghost woman. Only she was the first that had ever been seen in the forest. Because of that, she was the creepiest and most feared. For them, she was the ghost woman-one who haunted the most dreaded land in all of Czechoslovakia. These were the types of eyewitness claims and problems that made the idea of working on a rail line within the vicinity completely unacceptable to most because they believed in wandering spirits. Moreover, they were horrified by them.   
	In contrast, when it came to spirit, Lynette had enough for two little girls. As a ten year old, she was well behaved, bright and very active, which included a lively personality. She had little fear of ghost stories and things of that nature. She was not the typical little girl. She was tough. She used to beat up the little boys in town that the other children feared. When the bullies grew too big for her to handle, Jonas, who was six feet seven, two hundred and sixty pounds-a giant by that century’s standards, only had to talk to them once. When they realized who her father was, they quickly vacated any other notions of harassment. Lynette was as protected and cared for as any child could ask for. However, her world came to a screeching halt in 1850. A train broke down at the Ukrainian border- thirty miles east of the city during a winter snow storm. Jonas was the Head Mechanic or Head Machinist as they were called during that time.  His crew was scheduled to be sent by rail to prepare a mechanical problem that the engineers were ill equipped to correct. He could have remained home. However, he felt since his men were brave enough to head out and rescue a train full of passengers en route to their city, the least he could do was join them-and he did. In those days, a lifelong union existed among railway workers-a camaraderie that had developed since the very beginning of the steam engine. The vast majority of men under him were childhood friends.
	That February, A thirteen man crew, which included Jonas, hopped aboard a secondary train to meet the stalled engine near the border. Unfortunately, the storm that had already dumped one foot of snow on the region morphed in to a full blown blizzard with winds at sixty five miles an hour and gust that often topped ninety. They reached their destination. Unfortunately, the snow became so thick and compacted on the tracks that there were unable to back their way out and start for home. The real danger began when one of the men went out to regulate a switch, which malfunctioned because of the snow and ice. The white out conditions caused him to lose which direction he had come from.  By that time, the tracks were completely invisible-buried under the snow. He started back but unbeknownst to him he was moving further away from the train. The crew compounded their mistake when some of them journeyed out to locate him. Jonas only allowed five men at a time to search with him. The others were ordered to remain on board. He took long sections of rope and tied them together, which totaled almost two hundred feet in length. He attached one end of the rope to the passenger car he and his men were in. He made sure he knotted sections of it to the waist of each man. That way, when they branched out too far they could simply pull on the rope as a guide and find their way back. With temperatures at ten degrees, and wind chills well below zero, the blistering wind caused severe frost bite to the search party. Jonas and his men conducted two searches at the risk of their own lives but couldn’t locate the lost crewman. By the time the blizzard tapered off the following morning, they themselves needed to be rescued by another shovel nose train that tore through the flurry and cleared the tracks. They later found the lost crewman frozen to death in the snow. Those men who participated in the search also suffered severe hypothermia. Two of them died before they arrived back home.  Jonas himself came down with pneumonia. He struggled and battled valiantly for his health and for his family. Ten days after the effects he suffered due to exposure to that blizzard, he died. He was only thirty years old. Lynette was affected beyond words. He was her rock-her invincible protector. He was her hero, and more than anything in the world he was her father.  When she saw how sick he was and how rapidly he physically wasted away, her mind went into lock down. Her thought process was unraveled. No ten year old child can understand how such a good man could be allowed to wither away and leave her behind. The only comfort she took was that he died at home in his bed surrounded by his family. They heard his final words. He professed that they were everything to him-everything, and always would be. He told Lynette not to be afraid-repeatedly. As Bella sat and held his hand, he asked Lynette, with his last once of strength, to go over to his dresser and bring his scarf to him. His request confused her but just the same she obeyed. When she came back over to his bed he was gone. Bella fell onto him and wept. Lynette climbed on the bed, threw her arms across her mother and they wailed in a state of pain, which could only be described as torture that drove the mind into insanity. 
	Later that same year, Bella, who was also been sick with a heavy heart, contracted tuberculosis, a common and deadly killer during the 1800’s. As she remained at her mother’s bedside with one of Bella’s friends, Lynette watched helplessly as her mother passed away in a hospital on December 31st, the last day of 1850. For such an upstanding family, the Borlandavics had suffered the cruelest of tragedies in one year. Bella was buried next to Jonas in the cemetery where many of his friends and crewmen were laid to rest. Lynette was cared for by Marenka Slansky, a neighbor and close friend of her parents. But she was in her sixties and unable to keep up the care for a young, growing child. She herself was a widow. She had lost her husband years earlier to cancer and like so many people of her era; she struggled with her own health issues. To her displeasure, she had no choice but to remand Lynette to an orphanage until she was adopted by a loving family. This is where Lynette’s childhood became paramount. The St. Michael’s Orphanage was a large institution and was not always particular about who they allowed to adopt their children. This is when Lynette’s life passed from the light and into darkness.
	All the protection and cruelty that left her basically untouched invaded her life. She was heartbroken and her little soul was beaten down. She got into fist fights with other kids. At times, punishment passed the lines of discipline and crossed over into pure abuse. She thought about the friends she left behind. Although the orphanage was located just ten miles northwest of Ostrava, they may as well have been ten thousand miles away because that’s how disconnected the children felt from their old lives. The only bright spot was a friend she had made on the first day she arrived. She was a redheaded little girl with the temper of a fire storm. Her name was Lisa. She too use to beat up boys but came from the town of Studenka-located ten miles west of Ostrava. She had the instinct to know that although she could handle most of the girls in the institution if they bothered her, Lynette was not someone she wanted to be at odds with. Like her, Lynette was quiet and a loner. But they instantly became kindred spirits. Their bond was sealed one night when all the kids turned in for bed. Lynette realized during bedtime that what she once knew as home was gone forever. She used to go to sleep anytime she wanted to at home on the weekend.  For everyone to be forced to sleep at the same time made her feel as though she were in some kind of prison. 
	She held up ok until the lights went out. She was assigned to a bed next to Lisa’s. After bed check everyone laid down to sleep. Instead, the kids mostly talked and whispered to each other until they became drowsy.  Lisa noticed Lynette grabbing at her gown repeatedly. She heard sniffles even though Lynette had her back to her. Kids often cried themselves to sleep the first few weeks they were at the orphanage. This was common and Lisa had seen kids suffer this before. She’d been there three months and suffered though the same agony. She slowly got up and leaned over Lynette who was lying on her right side. Her suspicion was correct. Lynette was wiping her tears away with her night gown. Lisa placed her hand on her shoulder.
“Don’t cry-It’ll be ok, she whispered. Someone will come and get us, just wait and see.”
 “I miss my mommy and my daddy,” she confessed. “He told me not to be afraid…then they died and left me all alone.”
 “Don’t worry. I’ll be your friend and you’ll never be alone as long as I’m here-ok?” Lynette shook her head in agreement and grabbed Lisa’s hand as she cried. From that night forward their friendship and bond was closer than any set of twin sisters could ever be. Their relationship blossomed because both had no siblings.  
	In August of 1851, a woman walked into St. Michael’s just a couple of minutes before sunset. The name she gave to Sister Anezka, the Head manager, was Lita Reznik, if that was even her real name. No one knew for sure. What was certain, was that she was a millionaires and wealthy enough to adopt as many children as she wanted. That evening, she looked the children over. Sister Anezka did find Lita’s visit odd because most prospective parents visited them during the day. But no matter, as long as someone was willing to give the orphanage money for an adoption she didn’t question the circumstances. Lita claimed that she was a single female who wanted to be a mother but was barren. She offered to pay double for one each child in order to help with the expenses of the orphanage. She viewed most of them with little or no interest. They all acted as though they were puppies in a window waiting to be taken home by a new master. But when she looked outside and saw Lynette, she insisted on knowing who she was. Lita was given a complete rundown on her history. The more Sister Anezka pointed out her negative aspects, the more Lita wanted to adopt her.
	Lynette and Lisa were sitting on a big flat boulder that was next to a large bed of flowers. Lita was dressed in clothes made only for the very rich-most notable a dark red dress that seemed way ahead of the Victorian era. She had on a pair of long, black bridal gloves that she slid off and held in her hand. She was impressed by the fact that the two girls could’ve cared less about who she was. Their attention was concentrated on each other. As they sat, they twirled flowers and giggled at intervals during their playful conversation. She stood on the top entrance step and told Sister Anezka to go ask Lynette if she would like to come home to a big house with her. She carried out Lita’s request. She quietly chatted with Lynette for a while. Suddenly, Lynette began to shout.
 “No! I’m not going!” 
Sister Anezka immediately yanked on her left arm in order to drag her over to Lita.
 “Come with me young lady, now.”
 Lynette dug her heels in the grass and pulled back. When Lita saw this she was appalled and angered. She ordered for Lynette to be released. For whatever reason, Sister Anezka didn’t talk back or become indignant. Although her Czech ascent was thick, when Lita spoke, she spoke with authority. Where her authority to talk down to people came from was not fully understood but feared nevertheless. And this had nothing to do with her financial status. 
	Lynette held her left shoulder and winced in serious discomfort.  She also couldn’t help but notice that even though Lita had long, light auburn hair, her facial features are what jumped out at her. She was almost a perfect carbon copy of her mother. Even though her hair was lighter, the texture was wet or pleasantly oily looking. Her strands glowed with an awesome shine. And like Bella’s, Lita’s hair was exquisitely wavy. Up until that moment, she had yet to see any woman match the beauty of her mother. Sister Anezka and other staff members yanked on her arm so many times that she developed a small tear in her rotator cuff. But she didn’t know that. To make matters worse, they failed to give her any medical care. The tear was a few weeks old and progressively became worse. Lita approached and gently removed Lynette’s hand away. She starred at her shoulder. She turned and unleashed a steely eyed glare and then snarled at them with angry tone.
 “This girl has a tear in her shoulder. She is in pain. This is not what you are here for. This injury is old and you haven’t even taken her to a doctor to repair the damage. I’m very disappointed in you. I’ve seen many orphanages and I am appalled at what goes on. I expected yours to be better. Apparently, I was wrong.”
 Sister Anezka tried to swallow the nervous lump in her throat. Lita took her right hand and rubbed Lynette’s shoulder from the rotator cuff down to her elbow. Afterward, she instructed her to move her arm-and she did. 
“It doesn’t hurt anymore. How did you do that?”
 “Anyone who cares about children can do anything,” Lita smiled. “How would you like to come home with me to a big beautiful house?” 
 “No, I’m not going anywhere,” Lynette responded.
 “You will go where you are told,” Sister Anezka interrupted.
 “Silence,” Lita ordered.
 She was tall for a woman at five feet six. She knelt down in front of both girls. 
“Tell me child, why don’t you want to come with me?” 
“Because, I’m not going anywhere without Lisa, and you can’t make me. If you try we’ll run away.” She looked over Lita’s shoulder defiantly at Sister Anezka. 
“Why would you run away? And why do I have to take both of you?” 
 Lynette held Lisa’s hand.
 “Because she’s the only friend I have and I’m not leaving her here.” 
As a pause emanated, she held Lynette by her chin. 
“And you’re right-you should never leave a friend behind.” 
She turned to Sister Anezka.
 “I’ll take both of them.” She looked back at the girls and asked, “How’s that?” They shook their head with approval and smiled to each other. 
“By the way, my name is Lita. You can call me that for as long as you want-as long as you’re happy,”
 “Where is your house?” Lisa asked curiously. 
“Well, I have houses all over the world. But right now I live near Ostrava. And that’s where we’ll live. Is that ok with you?” 
Lynette suddenly experienced a wave of emotion that over took her. Her home had seemed so far away since the day she left. Thoughts of her mother and father entered her mind. Just to know that she was returning home to be where they once lived and was now buried, to know that she would see her other friends again, brought down all the stress she had undergone for almost two years. She lunged forward and threw herself onto Lita-wrapping her arms around her neck, which completely and pleasantly, surprised her. She wept quietly. Lita embraced, and caressed her head softly.
 “It’ll be ok, she whispered. You’ll never, ever have to see a place like this again-I promise.” 
For Lynette, her savior had come to take her away from her hell at St. Michael’s. After packing and finalizing their adoption papers, Lita gathered the belongings of her new adopted daughters and strolled out of the building. Before she left, she told them to wait in her stage coach as her driver, whose face was unseen, sat completely motionless. She walked toward the office to give Sister Anezka some extra money for the expenses of running the orphanage and to give her a few last words. The look on her face almost frightened the entire staff into a heart attack. She promised them she would be back and if any abuse of the children was discovered or even suspected, she swore that they would never see the light of day again. They didn’t know why but they all believed her threat. Not because they thought she was some kind of witch or anything that inconsequential in comparison, but someone a lot more powerful and dangerous.  She exited the office. Upon her departure, the doors slammed shut behind her. The temperature in the office immediately plummeted and froze from inside. The door and window frames were covered in ice that had some sort of black liquid on the surface. When the ice melted the black liquid dropped to the floor and turned into blood. The office looked as though a massacre had taken place as pools of the liquid spectacled and in some areas, covered large sections of the floor. The blood drenched and stained the carpet.  Sister Anezka and her staff were panicked and horrified as they screamed for help. They attempted to open the frozen windows and doors.  Once they were able to escape, they ran outside and got as far away from the building as they could. An inside weather phenomenon during the hot summer transpired and they knew that whatever god they worshipped was not the cause.  Once her stage coach arrived at the train station, Lita, Lynette and Lisa boarded a train back to Ostrava. To the other children left behind, Lynette and Lisa’s circumstances were viewed as a rescue. But in actuality, they had jumped out of the frying pan and into the fire. Lita Reznik was a vampire

CHAPTER FOUR
	The 19th century was a time when witch craft and other enchanted forces of both good and evil were at their height in spiritual warfare. The world’s first vampire hunter wrote explicitly in his chronicles that the earthly conflict between good and evil did not originate between human beings who resided in the earth. The conflict has always been between God and Satan from the very beginning. All those who inhabited the earth were caught in the middle, and for better or worse had to choose a side. He emphasized that to run away or to excuse oneself by claiming neutrality like some unaffected spectator was not allowed. He cautioned that during this Great War that raged on, Satan had grown so deranged, so maniacal, and so homicidal that he would commit self-destruction in order to add to his tally of lost souls. From the very beginning he deluded himself into believing that he would win a battle that was impossible to achieve-no matter how many of his murderous tentacles he unleashed on mankind. When his spirit was allowed to traverse the globe, he took the physical forms of whatever he chose or whoever would allow him to. Unfortunately, the human was his favorite shape to inhabit. Men who tackled him and his lost children did so with faith in their traditions set forth by the foolishness of man-accompanied by the various skills they obtained. Other times they attempted to overcome his power with their belief in idols and other various gods they worshipped. This however, didn’t prevent their demise. They misunderstood that earthly weapons, and physical attributes alone could never bind Satan or defeat any of the entities that walked upon the continent like rats who infested cargo ships. He was a spirit clothed in the principalities of his own impending death. Those who fought him had to matchup against his spiritual wickedness. From the time his face first moved upon Europe no one had ever been able to do more than keep him away at a distance. Still, by tempting human weakness, which allowed him to dwell within anyone who gravitated toward evil, his sons and daughters of devastation easily ruled with fear and horror. 
	Many people are subject to be called upon to perhaps accomplish a pre-determined destiny. Very few are chosen to fulfill that destiny. One such man was chosen before the foundations of the earth. That man was Laythan Kerk Kendrew. He was born on January 1, 1840 in Aberdeen, Scotland, which is located on the shores of the North Sea. His father, Christopher Kendrew worked as a Stable Hand for the Wilshire Estate.  Although they were wealthy and owned other property in Scotland, William Wilshire was a Scotsman but his wife was English. Christopher’s job paid well enough for him and his family to live comfortable than most of the one and a half million residents of the country at the time. Between 1841 and 1931, there were never enough high paying jobs in Scotland in order for people to remain above the poverty line. As a result, two million Scots immigrated to North America and Australia during that ninety year period. Seven hundred and fifty thousand relocated to England. The Kendrews once pondered the idea of moving to Australia, Canada or England as did many others but for some reason decided to remain in their home land. The Wilshire’s bread horses and also entered them in high stakes contests. They made sure Christopher was happy because no one could raise and train horses better than him. Laythan’s mother, Margaret, raised him and his siblings. He was the oldest of two brothers and two sisters. Broc and Alec were identical twins. His sisters, Bridget and Alanna brought up the rear of their large and happy home. However, once the children grew older Margaret worked as often as she could. She secured a part time position cleaning rooms in a large Hotel.  
	The very name of Laythan Kendrew had all but spelled out the path he was destined to walk. Kendrew was an ancient Gaelic name, which meant; the brave man.  From an early age he noticed how much his mother and father demonstrated a deep devotion to Christianity and lived it by example. He grew to become an excellent student in school. He often helped his younger siblings with their homework. At times, he even broke the rules and did their school work for them. All of the Kendrew children were bright. Laythan however, was without a doubt, the most intelligent of all his brothers and sisters. He had the uncanny ability to create his own personal inventions and repair all types of mechanical objects-including heavy machinery. His mind didn’t just border on genius, he was a genius. As he reached his teens, no matter what object his parents possessed, he always found a way to improve how the object worked. At fourteen, he could perform mathematical equations in his head without any effort. In his day, algebra was the most hated type of math known to man-and still is. He breezed through this science as easy as drinking water. He also took a great interest in magic as a youngster. Some of the greatest Magicians in England and the world often visited Aberdeen on tour to put on demonstrations that wowed the public and brought them wealth in the process. However, as amazed as he was, he spent more time calculating how the tricks and illusions were performed. To him, solving the mystery was half the fun. The problem was, he so brilliant that he told the Magicians how their tricks were performed. Of course, this angered and aggravated them, except one, the Great Braxton. He was impressed and unnerved at the same time. Worried that his secrets would be exposed by a mere teenager, he made a deal to teach Laythan all he knew each time he came back to visit Aberdeen on tour. He was thrilled because Braxton was the greatest illusionist of his time. As for the other Magicians, he soon began to make money by giving shows that exposed how their tricks were done.  Soon, he was admired as much as the Magicians themselves. He was especially popular with the kids who all became hooked on what grew to be a new wave of entertainment.  
	When he graduated high school he enrolled in college but only attended two years because he had to help his family by taking a job in the telegraph office. Times had grown very difficult and Scotland underwent one financial and religious schism after another. There was a never ending battle between the Evangelicals and Moderates who still attempted to inter muddle Catholicism into their Scottish culture. After the Reformation of the Scottish Church, which was Presbyterian at the time, the Protestant Church became an avenue for all those who rejected any type of Papal influence. This often confused his younger brothers and sisters but when he reached his latter teens he had a full grasp of the battles that were waged. Scotland was constantly in one way or another, embroiled in conflicts with the English for their unconditional independence. In 1843, when he was only three years old, Laythan’s parents, along with hundreds upon hundreds of parishioners, left their old congregation along with four hundred and fifty Ministers and formed the Free Church of Scotland under Dr. Thomas Chalmers. Their church was deeply affiliated with the Conservative Party while the Dissidents were Liberals. 
	As he matured, he began to look at his faith from a stand point of how he fit into the world and what if any, was his connection to a God he had always been taught to believe in, yet, never saw. From the time he was a toddler, he had a close relationship with his Pastor, Bruce Gilchrist, who was also a very close and longtime friend of the family. At eighteen years of age, Laythan was an extremely strong young man. His straw like hair grew so long and fast that he barely kept up with maintaining the length. He had a part that ran down the high side of his head. His hair was black like ink and glowed with a natural sheen. He grew to be just over six feet tall but looked much taller because of his slender, yet, rugged and athletic build. His eyes were black and extremely piercing. When he looked at people they felt as though he was seeing right through them-like their souls were being x-rayed. There was not a man in Aberdeen who was more handsome.  Girls flocked to him like bees flew to honey. He was viewed as a real heart throb. His skin was a milky, cream complexion. Interestingly enough, he tanned very easily whenever he and his family traveled to the south of England for vacation or on when his father had to go there on business for the Wilshires. This caused people to assume that he was from the Mediterranean region-particularly Sicily, where people are much darker than their Italian country men from the north of Italy. Unlike many young couples who married at a very young age during that century, he was not interested in settling down. He naturally gravitated toward guns and even came up with his own modifications for his fire arms. His brothers and sisters followed him everywhere. He was four or more years older than they were but he didn’t mind. To him, his family was a gift and they were all he ever needed.  He made a substantial amount of money between exposing magicians and his job at the telegraph office. Working there paid well but more important, allowed him to see how communication had been revolutionized after Samuel F.B. Morse invented and patented his product in 1837, which made the historical creation of his telegraph enormously popular. This is where Laythan obtained a double portion of inspiration to modernize mechanized objects. He had witnessed the power of invention and felt he had a chance to at least improve on his if not totally invent one from scratch. He continued to work on specific projects until he felt he could one day get them patented. Prophetically enough, most of his inventions involved fire arms and other types of weapons and gadgets.  
	He was an educated and well-rounded individual. Inexplicably, a part was still missing from his life. He always felt that there was some task left undone but didn’t know what that task was. Soon, he drew closer to his spiritual beliefs and the more he learned the stronger he became in his faith. He felt that he was blessed with a great life in comparison to others. This made him feel that he owed someone besides his parents for his good fortune. He believed that if not for an unseen presence that looked out for him, none of what he experienced, both good and bad, would have been possible. Although his family suffered hardships, he soon realized that a higher power always brought them through. He was thankful not just because he was taught to be but because he knew why for himself. When he turned nineteen, he decided to become a minister in training. He wanted to spread what he knew about Christianity. This made him eligible to travel with high ranking church officials all over Europe. Pastor Gilchrist was one of the top ministers in what became commonly known as the Church of Scotland. To travel with him meant frequent trips to London and places like Czechoslovakia-which later became the Czech Republic after its split in January of 1993, and Poland which stretched to the edge of the Baltic Sea.

CHAPTER FIVE
	One of the strangest facts about Laythan was that he always stood out during his century. This was especially true for everyone who knew him. He appeared to be born out of sync with his era. The way he spoke made him seem like a man who had traveled back from the 20th century and landed in the 1800’s. Because he was so far ahead of his time, he didn’t always have that much in common with his generation. When he received an offer from Pastor Gilchrist to accompany him on a missionary trip to Eastern Europe in 1860 he immediately told his parents. He decided to put marriage and other aspirations on hold long enough to obtain more experience in life. He was unsure if he wanted to become a full time minister someday or work in the business field. He reasoned that his trip to Eastern Europe would enlighten his horizons, which he felt would help put his life in total perspective. There were tons of beautiful young and mature women in Aberdeen who were dying to be his wife.  He wanted to be sure he picked the right one. If he decided to become an official officer in one of the churches in Aberdeen, he wanted a wife who would support his decision so his commitment wouldn’t interfere with their marriage later on. 
	At first, Christopher and Margaret were not happy with Laythan’s request to leave home for an entire month. Even after his father eventually agreed, she refused. Only after Gilchrist guaranteed his safe return did she agree to let her first born child out of her sight. He also informed them that the trip included visiting a few of their churches in Czechoslovakia and Poland. These were places where their congregations had flourished and grown in huge numbers. Bruce Gilchrist was a fearless man. At sixty, he was steeped in his beliefs and tough from the hardships he had endured. However, to his credit, unlike most of the zealots of his era who constantly passed judgment on others and placed themselves above everyone else, he was the opposite. Unlike many of his own brothers in the ministry, he was a man who walked upright but was never self-righteous. He was someone people could talk to. He gave compassion when compassion was needed and when they needed to hear the truth about themselves or a given situation, he gave them a dose of tough love. Regardless of what happened in his church or community he remained a genuinely sweet man who was without condescension-an attribute that’s extremely hard to come by in most so-called men of the cloth. There wasn’t an ounce of pretentiousness in him.  He was also the chairman of all the churches in the Aberdeen district. His experience made him the best choice for a successor when a vacancy for Bishop occurred before his trip to the east. This was an enormous responsibility and the most powerful position in the organization. Congregations from Scotland, England, Czechoslovakia, Poland and even America would be under his leadership along with scores of millions of members. He was the most respected and most deserving candidate in the entire organization. Of the churches they were scheduled to visit, Prague, Ostrava and Strakona were on his itinerary. 
	Gilchrist loved to hunt and enjoyed the outdoors.  Although he was never big on hunting per say, Laythan did practice to be the sharpest marksman could be. He packed his pistols, ammunition and shotguns. He, like a lot of young Scottish men, took up sword fighting and was the very best his school ever produced. In Scotland, just as in places like China and Japan, the way of the sword was just as historical and honored. Their battles dated back to when men won and lost wars on the battle field with their blades in face to face combat. As gentle as he was, Laythan was also a very dangerous man who could defend himself very well if he needed to. He owned two swords but the one he used most often was the Bone Splitter. Every weapon he possessed, he modified for future sale if he decided there was a real market for them. The majority of the people in his Country didn’t have much, which meant his custom made arsenal was going to have to sell for a high price. Unfortunately, there just wasn’t a great demand for his specialized weapons from the general public. He did take an unusual large amount of ammunition in case they were attacked by packs of wild animals that were known to sometimes roam the forests of Eastern Europe. A broken down stage coach was a sure way to get eaten alive any place wolves and other animals were prevalent. He packed his clothes in three suit cases and had plenty of money. The family had dealt with financial issues earlier in the decade but with Laythan’s help they were able to actually buy a bigger house and more land in a more upscale neighborhood nearby. They weren’t rich by any means but they were financially secure as people could be during those years. The family had money in the bank, they owned a couple of horses and most recently, Christopher had been promoted to Land Manager of the Wilshire Estate. He was in high demand because of his years of expertise. He was also offered employment by other wealthy families who wanted to double and in some cases, triple his salary. Being a shrewd dealer, he knew he deserved a lot more money because of all the years he was under paid. He was prepared to leave them and take a job with their social rivals, the Wyncotts. They were a dynasty of Financiers. The two families’ hated each other. As a result, the Wilshires quadrupled Christopher’s pay and bowed to his demand for more reasonable hours as manager. This put the Kendrews over the top financially once and for all. He secured his family’s needs-both present and for the future. Most importantly, no matter how much their wealth and status grew he and Margaret wife never let their children take what they had for granted. They instilled in them the same thankfulness for what they obtained when so many in their midst struggled. 
Even though the church promised to see to all of Laythan’s needs. Still, the Kendrews were proud people. Christopher and Margaret refused to allow him to be in the predicament of asking anyone for anything-that included the church. Most of the top luxury liners that sailed to Eastern Europe were located in the ports of England. Taking a train to London and then a ship to cross the English Chanel and other waterways cut out a lot of travel time since the trains were faster than the steam ships. Up until that point, he had never been out of the United Kingdom. He visited Northern Ireland but nowhere as far as Czechoslovakia. He was excited and could hardly wait to get going. Christopher resolved himself to the fact that Laythan needed to experience new places and meet new people. Margaret was never comfortable with his departure and wanted to go with him but she had four other children to care for. She was not thrilled with the idea of her son traveling so far away from home, especially with so many unstable governments that were in strife in one part of Europe of another. Before they and other church officials departed, Gilchrist was first honored in a grand ceremony when he was anointed the new Bishop and Supreme Leader of the Church of Scotland. The former Bishop, Kyle McClendon had passed away a few months earlier. All of Scotland packed the town of Edinburgh to celebrate their new spiritual advisor. At the conclusion of his ceremony, Gilchrist exited the church, which also served as the organization’s world headquarters. The sound of church bells filled the air of the bustling city. Over three hundred thousand people filled the streets just to get a glimpse of him. This was a big deal. Their organization had pulled away and remained intact and independent of Italy’s influence. Their organization was welcome to all people of all races and colors. However, this church was founded by the Scots and they had something relevant to call their own that the wars and constant bickering with England could never take away or destroy.  A few weeks later, well-wishers, Laythan’s family included, saw him and church officials off at the train station as they boarded the Flying Scotsman Express in March 1860. 

CHAPTER SIX
	A few months passed following the adoption of Lynette and Lisa from St. Michael’s orphanage. Afterward, Lita returned and adopted two more children. With her money, influence and intimidating style, no questions were asked. But, one brave staff member who was suspicious of Lita’s repeated adoptions notified the State Office of General Welfare  One evening, Lita came back to adopt four more children. When she arrived, two constables were there waiting for her. Unfortunately for them, her visit to the orphanage would be the last. She had secretly gone behind the back of the authorities who ran the institution and offered to take it off the state’s hand. During that time, there were very little, if any, laws that protected children from being taken advantage of. Orphans were especially vulnerable and looked upon as property and treated as burdens of society-especially in England. The state refused to sell Lita the orphanage, citing that future children would surely need a place to reside until their adoption. However, as part of a smaller deal, she paid the state administrators substantial amounts of money to adopt the remaining fifty children. Contrary to the deal, the chief law enforcement officer for the Republic, Alphonse Vysehrad who was a decent enough man for his time, suspected immoral acts were taking place-even by his standards, which were questionable at times. But he himself was a father and didn’t approve of the abuses that took place under the state run facilities. Sadly, there were just too many unwanted children and his department was simply over whelmed by paper work as well as dealing with the mental, physical and emotional health of children in his region. He feared that there was an ulterior motive when any single woman adopted a shelter full of children. He was an elected official and therefore, could not simply be terminated as easily as appointed officials. Also, he was a very powerful, influential and longtime law enforcer. He challenged state officials on many issues during his tenure. He and his assistant were anxious to question Lita. Although she had permission to adopt and take the remaining children, he could detain her if he had reason to believe they were being used for improper activities, such as, child slave labor. He couldn’t have been more wrong. His suspicions didn’t even begin to cover the bases of what happened to the children she adopted.
	As Lita stepped out of her large stage coach-her driver’s face covered completely in a black, silk looking scarf, sat motionless. His hat curved sharply down to the bridge of his nose. Inside were Vysehrad and his deputy along with Sister Anezka and two of her female staffers. They were afraid of her and stood just a few feet behind the two men. He on the other hand, was unimpressed by her reputation-that is, until he actually met her face to face. His spine quivered uncontrollably the closer she approached in her long, black ruffle Victorian style dress. It dragged along the floor emanating a creepy-scratchy sound. Her eyes and the eerie glare they gave off in the dim evening struck an uneasy nerve in all of them. Her shadow on the floor noticeably progressed way ahead of her and was out of sync with her steps. Vysehrad attributed this to an evening illusion that played tricks on their eyes. When the staffers saw the independent motions of her shadow, they stepped back in complete terror. It entered the hall ten feet ahead of Lita and was completely detached from her physical form. Even more unnerving was the fact that every move her shadow made was mimicked perfectly by her-always just a second or two behind. It was as though her shadow directed her movement-as though she was its puppet. The term “Goth,” began in the medieval period. She, like Laythan, was a person who was also ahead of her time and actually looked and dressed in a gothic style long before the term or the phrase was ever used and modernized centuries later. Her look left them speechless. They didn’t know what to make of her. Her shadow halted on the floor in front of them amidst the dusk atmosphere that provided a glimmer of light before the dim, evening light finally faded. She walked up a moment later and stopped a few feet away from her shadow. Suddenly and quickly, the black shade of her form slithered backward and attached itself to her and the two moved in perfect unison as shadows normally do. Regardless, he squinted to adjust his eyes then quickly reminded himself who he was and that she was only a woman. He had to muster all of his will power to question her after he introduced himself and his deputy. He laid out his misgivings about her adoptions and his suspicions. She looked over at the staff behind him and told Vysehrad that someone must have spread lies about her. After a few minutes of what was a very tense exchange, he insisted on investigating the inside of her house and surrounding land. She informed him that no one saw the inside of her home unless she wanted them to. When asked if she was defying the power of the state, she boldly declared,
 “My name is Lita Reznik Chief Constable-I defy anyone I choose.” 
Her rebelliousness toward his authority insulted and at the same time shocked him. She informed him that she was taking her new children and leaving and that would be the end of the matter. He should’ve allowed the confrontation to end there but he didn’t. Men who lived during the 1800’s were not accustomed to women speaking out of term to them. His ego was bruised. He was humiliated and embarrassed because a woman had taken him down a few pegs in front of others. This was intolerable for him. He told the staff not to call down the children until she agreed to allow him to check her premises. A moment of silence fell over them. She gave them all a condescending smile. She kept her cool and told them she would be back. She had to go to her stage coach and tell her other daughters that she would be detained for a few more minutes. She slowly walked to the door. Once she stepped past the entrance she turned around and glared at them. The doors violently swung shut and the gas lamps that lit the entire first floor went out. Vysehrad started to follow but heard steps approaching from behind which caused him to freeze in his tracks. They didn’t sound like the footsteps of a human but an animal. He turned around in the dark as the women huddled together. He heard heavy breathing and panting. He pulled out his service revolver as did his deputy. Whatever approached from down the long corridor sounded more ghastly the closer it got. For reasons unknown, the lamp located near the unseen entity, came back on.  The light revealed not a person but a hideous, black monstrosity that resembled a cross between a dragon and a dog. The animal was a mutated hound from the depths of hell. The yellowish eyes of the creature glowed. The beast was eight feet long from end to end, well over one twelve hundred pounds and possessed two heads and two tails. There were black claws on the end of each toe like a bear. Both heads contained a mouth full of long, sharp teeth. The fronts were like unto a saber tooth tiger but more like an alligator on the sides and back. Bodily juices from their mouths dripped off their tongues. The light blacked out again as both men fired amid the screams of the Staff as the hound attacked. 
	 The children heard the commotion downstairs and closed the doors to their sleeping quarters out of sheer fright. From outside, Lynette, Lisa and the other newly adopted children sat calmly inside the stage coach as they listened to the screams of Vysehrad, his deputy and the entire staff as they were being torn to pieces. Lynette hummed peacefully to herself and Lisa simply played with a string on her fingers. She lopped them from one end to the other as she made a net. After a short while, the doors of the orphanage re-opened. Just as the beast came, it left just as sudden. Lita stood in the doorway. She re-entered and strolled across the floor smeared with blood. The further she ventured in, the more body parts she began to see. Vysehrad and his deputy were ripped to shreds. The entire staff was found in their office the same way. The children upstairs huddled close together and waited to hear a human voice. Jessica, the eldest of the bunch, told them to remain quiet. They heard footsteps on the stair case and held on tight to each other. The steps grew louder, and then stopped in front of their door. She and the others watched silently as the door knob slowly turned and clicked. They feared what was on the other side. Once the knob stopped turning, there was brief moment of silence. Without warning, the doors violently flung open and slammed against the back of the wall. The children jumped out of their skin and screamed. Lita stood in the doorway. They had never really been afraid of her until that moment. They were confused and didn’t know where she fitted in among all the turmoil that was taking place. She greeted them.
 “Hello children. Don’t be afraid. I came back for you. And I brought a few of your friends with me.” 
 With that said, Lynette, Lisa and her other daughters walked in and then stood next to her. 
	Under any other circumstances the children would have been glad to see their former playmates and friends, except their appearance were odd. They looked different.  Their black eyes were like the eyes of a lizard rather than a human being. They appeared almost zombie like. They were still beautiful looking children but they somehow looked…dead. One of the orphaned children pleaded to stay.
 “We change our minds. We don’t want to go anywhere.”
 “Nonsense,” Lita replied and promised with a smile, “you’re going to love living with us. You’re going to have a family again. We’re all going to be a family and you’ll never, ever have to say goodbye to each other again.”
 Lynette and Lisa, followed by the other children, ventured further into the dormitory. As they approached their frightened friends they smiled. When they did, the fangs that protruded from the bottom and top of their gum line were unveiled. Jessica and the other orphans screamed as the doors slammed shut. Lita’s children were dead-the living dead.  She discovered a perfect way to cultivate her own new breed of vampires. An entire orphanage of unloved-unwanted children with no one to rely on for protection was at her disposal. Vampires have always preyed on the weak. There is no group within society that is more weak and vulnerable than children. Later that evening, she, with a line of stage coaches, gathered up her new family and rode back to Ostrava. With her were the bodies of fifty little dead corpses who had yet to rise with the bodily possession of a spiritual demon. Vysehrad and the others who died were later found by the ground keepers two days later. Their murders were filed as deaths by wild animals. The problem was the police and medical examiners couldn’t match their wounds and deaths to any known animal in the area. Not even a wolf was capable of such damage and bears would have dragged them off and eaten them. Their deaths were very unusual. They weren’t eaten-just ripped apart. That alone caused a great concern for the immediate vicinity as well as Ostrava and other nearby towns. The children were put on a list of missing persons because they weren’t sure if Lita had adopted them before the massacre. This was just a precaution. Eventually, she contacted the authorities and assured them that whatever took place, took place long after she and the children departed. Imagine the General Welfare Department’s relief when they discovered the children left in their care was unharmed-so they thought. Regardless, Investigators were genuinely more concerned with the deaths of their lawmen and the staff. Not to mention the fact that the children’s dormitory was laced with blood on the beds and the floor.  When the newspapers got a hold of the incident the coverage helped propel the case into the largest murder investigation of the year. And yet, they had no suspects except a faceless creature who they believed killed not for food, but for the sake of killing.

CHAPTER SEVEN
	After a long voyage by sea and rail, Laythan and church officials chosen to travel with their newly elected Bishop Bruce Gilchrist, finally arrived in Prague-the Capital city of the Republic of Czechoslovakia. They were met at the train station by a host of clergymen, state officials, newspaper Reporters and throngs of people. Bishops from the Church of Scotland were as large in life as any Pope or other leader of their day. Gilchrist was royalty-the light and hope for a better day for all those who followed the ministry he upheld. Countless of Pictures were taken. Everyone wondered who the young man was that accompanied him and his assistants. He was looked upon as one of the luckiest person’s alive. When asked by a Reporter who Laythan was, Gilchrist said simply,
 “I’m an extended member of his family and the other way around. So I guess you could say that I’m traveling with him as much as he’s traveling with me.” 
This was true. Gilchrist had known Laythan’s family before he was born. He knew many other families but he was closest to the Kendrews. His wife and First Lady Lenora didn’t make the trip with him and remained in Scotland. Although he was now the head of a large, worldwide organization, he didn’t want his parishioners to be overly absorbed by his new power and status rather than focus on his commitment to the work he wanted to complete on their behalf. 
	The Ostrava train station was located just a few miles outside the city while a new one located in the city was being constructed. Prague’s station on the other hand, was located in the heart of their metropolis. Gilchrist conducted services on Saturday and Sunday and addressed the hundreds of thousands who came from near and far to see him. The most important aspect of his change in status was that in a sense, there was no change. He remained serious about his faith and his people. However, he was still the same old humorous, sweet man who had taken his higher calling in perfect stride. After two days in Prague, they headed eastward to Ostrava. Their train pulled into the station as the sun began to fade. Using three stage coaches, which carried church officials and guides from the State Ministry Cabinet, they hurried to reach town before dark. Their five mile ride took them past some low and high lying wooded areas. Their route took them through areas that were in the process of being modernized for night travel. Some of the roads were equipped with gas street lamps that made seeing a little easier for the horses and the riders. Gilchrist and the other five church members in his coach conversed about various subjects. Laythan looked out his window as they trekked along. He suddenly felt a chill come over him. A moment later he heard the howl of a wolf. So loud was the echo that he felt as though the creature was just a few feet away. He peered into the bushes in the sunset air and saw an enormous dark, gray wolf among the trees tearing into what appeared to be prey. The predator was the largest he’d ever seen. Although the trees hindered his view, the prey didn’t look like a rabbit or any other common animal. He could have sworn he saw a pair of fingers sticking up from the ground as the wolf dragged his kill deeper into the woods.
 “You guys have giant wolves out here?” 
 There was no answer-at first. The secretary of the church in Prague looked at him.
“Ah…yes. We seem to have had a lot of them lately over the years, especially the last few months-big ones. But they stay out of the city limits as far as we know.”
 “City limits?” Laythan retorted and then added, “how far are we from Ostrava?” 
“I’d say about two miles,” the secretary informed.
 Laythan displayed a disgruntled facial expression. 
“I just saw one back there and as far as I’m concerned, any wolf that’ll come this close to a major city is bound to hunt inside the city.” 
“Young man,” the secretary spoke sharply, “we’ve had wolves in this area for years. We don’t know where they came from. There have been some attacks. We’ve tried to get rid of them for but some reason these wolves are almost impossible to hunt. They hide and often just vanish among the trees. Even worse, there’s more of them further east inside the Lost Forest. According to the stories I’ve been told, they’re inside some areas so deep that no one will dare go in after them-especially during the evening. And that’s when they seem to surface I’m afraid-close to night fall.”  
Gilchrist smiled, looked at Laythan and then back at the secretary.
 “In other words Laythan, they can’t find any men with enough guts to hunt them down and kill them.  
“Obviously.” He agreed with Gilchrist accompanied by a disapproving glare at the secretary who sat across from him. 
Laythan and Gilchrist were cut from the same cloth. They were brave in general and found coward behavior deplorable and unbecoming of any male. They weren’t reckless people out to prove their manhood. And they weren’t macho, egomaniacs. On the contrary, like any human being, Laythan had his fears. He just believed that when decisions had to be made involving life and death, real men put aside their fear and did what had to be done.
 “Send me out there with my guns and a couple of friends-we’ll kill it,” he grumbled to himself.
	They arrived in Ostrava to a warm and fan filled greeting. They were booked into the Sumava, a spectacular and palatial hotel with luxuries befitting of a king and queen. In fact, Queen Victoria visited Czechoslovakia and stayed at the same hotel. Later, when the Royal family heard that Gilchrist was treated with more reverence then they had been given, they were quite perturbed.  She had a castle in Scotland and although the property was part of the British Empire, that would change violently in years to come. The voyage wore the church officials out. The constant traveling was exciting but physically demanding.  Each person had their own quarters. As their evening drew to a close, Laythan sat and starred out his third floor window. He looked on with great interest at the hustling and busy actions of the city. Ostrava had three times the population going to and from because of Gilchrist’s visit. The town calmed down once the later hours rolled around. There were always the employees who worked the night shift. The city was constantly growing and was on pace to become very, very heavily populated. This was attributed to not just the boom in railroad construction and real estate but due to other enormous, natural resources such as, oil and natural gas. 
	The Sumava was located near the river front, which did quiet down except for the various eateries and modern day saloons. Laythan turned in for the night. He was also a heavy sleeper. However, he was awakened in the middle of the night by the sound of horses slowly trotting down the street. The hotel sat on Prazsky Avenue-a main street that had a slight hill and a long curve that ran directly past the hotel. The avenue also led to the main roads out of town and toward Strakona. There was something about the sound of the horse’s steps that disturbed his ears. There were taxi carriages on the street parked by the curb but they were only pulled by two horses. The hoofs that he heard belonged to more than two. Except for a few distant voices in the late night, the street became uncharacteristically silent. His hearing had always been extremely exceptional-so much so that he heard and also sensed actions or events before they happened. With each step they took, he grew more uneasy, almost as though someone or something threatening was approaching. He pulled the covers back and got out of his plush, king size bed. He walked across the large room and over to the window. He looked down below as dense fog rested inharmoniously above the street surface. He looked to his right and spotted a black stage coach. The wheels and the spokes were the same color and sparkled like new. The vehicle was pulled by six large, black horses. The streets were lit up from side to side with lamps that gave him a clear view of the image. What troubled him most was the fact that the stage coach didn’t have a driver. The horses automatically knew where to go. Not only that, they trotted down the center of the street like ghost figures-marching to the eerie rhythm of an unheard drum. As they trotted by, the other horses attached to their taxi carriages howled and kicked rambunctiously. He marveled at this strange and unbelievable sight. He had never seen anything like that. The stage coach windows were open and as far as he could tell the passenger section was completely empty. He was speechless. As the vehicle passed by his window he felt a sense of dread just as the taxi horses did. The horse drawn vehicle continued down the street and out to the roads that led to the wooded lands of the suburban areas. What he saw troubled him all night and made getting back to sleep very difficult. The sounds of those horses were unlike any he’d ever heard before. They were hollow and disturbing. The black vehicle, which resembled a luxurious hearse, seemed to be out on the prowl for someone. He was unable to put his finger on it but the atmosphere in the new country he was in was different than his own. At home, he felt safe and there wasn’t much out of the ordinary he didn’t know about. But in Czechoslovakia, an air of caution developed in his mind. One fact was evident; he had never seen horses on their own roaming the street while pulling an empty stage coach. To make matters more mysterious, he noticed that people hurried inside and slammed their doors shut when they heard the horses approaching. Ostrava was quickly becoming a place he did not like.
	The next day, Gilchrist arose after a long and well deserved rest. He scheduled services at the mother church in town. Afterward, he wanted to meet as many of his followers as possible and tour the city with the mayor and a host of other officials. They had been on the road for a week just traveling and they only had two weeks to do their missionary work, which left the fourth week for their journey back home. That Monday, Gilchrist held services to a packed audience at 1:00pm A few hours later, the sun fire skies slowly transformed into a lightly clouded afternoon. He stepped outside and looked over the masses that made the trip from neighboring towns just to see and perhaps even touch him. Captain Bednar, head of the largest police precinct in Ostrava, made sure there was plenty of security on hand to keep the crowds orderly. Laythan noticed a sense of depression in general within the city the closer night fall drew. The mood of the people who approached and bestowed gifts on Gilchrist changed dramatically. He was slower to catch on to this than Laythan, who felt a disconcerting presence among the crowds early on. Women, mothers in particular, cried as they shook his hand. Many of them with handkerchiefs wiped their eyes as they wept when they spoke with him. But they weren't crying out of gladness as much as they were grieving from sadness. They pleaded for Gilchrist to bless them and begged him to help remove the curse from their city and their entire country. 
	Gilchrist’s facial expression displayed a state of perplexity he hadn’t experienced in years. To him, their reaction to his visit was a mystery. Ostrava was a great and modern new boom town, whose success was second only to the nation’s Capital. That was true, but people believed they were singled out and plagued with what they insisted was a dark veil-some sort of shadow that came between them and heaven. This was very upsetting to him. Some of them, both men and women, went so far as to bend down at his feet and beg him to ask God to remove the blight they were under. Laythan was moved to see such pain on the faces of so many parents who lost not just sisters or brothers, but children as well. An ongoing situation was taking place that church and local officials neglected to inform him of. After calming the people and assuring them that he would do whatever necessary to help them, Gilchrist immediately requested a meeting-first with Captain Bednar and then the pastor of the church in Ostrava. He was angry. Laythan was sick to his stomach at what he saw. He knew long before all the others that the ministers in the city had failed their parishioners. They allowed them to suffer needlessly without any real comfort because they feared the wickedness around them that they themselves, were too afraid to face. Gilchrist firmly believed that coward soldiers belonged in the rear of life. Only real men belonged up front. 
	The meeting took place in the church office. Gilchrist was fuming-his face red from rage. He demanded to know what and who was preying on them like wolves in a field of sheep. He wanted to know why so many children and adults from Ostrava and the eastern region were disappearing. The small Pox vaccination was introduced in 1796. Before then, the death rate of children was prevalent at one time but not anymore. During the past forty years deaths from the dreaded disease decreased dramatically. Obviously disease alone was certainly not the culprit. Captain Bednar explained that for years strange events took place in and around the city-events that centered on a stretch of land referred to as The Lost Forest. This area was located between Ostrava and Strakona, their neighbors to the east. He admitted that the police department as a whole hadn’t done a good job protecting their citizens. He explained that they did search for all the missing people around the region but came up empty. He himself was afraid of the infamous forest and for good reason. He claimed that he witnessed a female aberration. The people in the entire region called her the Ghost Woman. He and two of his men were on patrol in search of a child that went missing one evening. A couple of miles into the woods, he saw a woman about one hundred feet to his right standing among the thicker brush. At first she had her back to him, which caused him to believe that she was lost. He called out to her. She rotated completely around to face him without moving a muscle. Dressed in a faded, light yellow dress, her entire form radiated a glow that froze him in sheer terror. He swore that his heart nearly stopped beating at that very moment. She levitated toward him without taking a step. As she did, she yelled with the force of a thousand voices at once.
 “Where is she?!” 
 Her hollow tone was so loud that the echoes rippled through them and the entire area with the feel of pure ice. Two of his officers also swore that the accounts of that evening were true and horrific. Struck with fear, all three men turned their horses around and fled. 
	Gilchrist thought Captain Bednar’s account was all nonsense but he also knew that the alarming count of missing people was real. He insisted on knowing why church officials weren’t warned about such important issues. Captain Bednar assured him that he did and even warned people not to travel through the forest during the evening. The area was spooky enough during the day. At night, the place was downright scary. The trees were green but the deeper into the forest one traveled, the blacker they became, as though they had died over night. For almost a decade many residents had awakened to find many of their children missing by one unknown way or another. The only place with a substantial amount of children outside of Ostrava and Strakona was the Village of Tvod. This close knit and mostly unseen community between the two cities was located just off to the right at the clearance of a meadow near the end of the forest. The Charles Bridge, which commuters crossed over to enter into Strakona, was just half a mile beyond the meadow.  There was nothing comforting about the peculiar voices that echoed from that small village at night. There was another large orphanage that once served as a county mortuary, which also performed official funeral and burial services for people too poor to afford a grand ceremony for their loved ones. But the edifice closed down years earlier. That was until someone purchased the property from the county. However, as a condition for paying well above the County’s asking price, the buyer’s identity was kept secret. The only times passer byes ever saw, or heard children were during sunset. Just off to the left was the meadow. This was also said to have been haunted. This was the same piece of land where people often saw tombstones erected in the midst of thick fog one day and then saw only smooth grass the next.
	Gilchrist called in his ministers. He blistered them with an angry attack on their lack of honor and concern. Not one of them informed him about what his people had been going through. As a punishment, he relieved them of their duties and stripped them of all of their credentials. He swore that they would never, ever be a minister in his organization again. He terminated a host of other church officials for dereliction of their duties. The number one goal and job of any half decent minister is to protect his members, especially children. Those in charge cowered in fear and lacked the respect to notify him. Gilchrist was so angry that he grabbed the pastor of Ostrava’s head church by his long beard and shook his head violently back and forth. All those present thought he was about to yank his head right off of his shoulders. Laythan thought that if being a minister meant being a wimp in the face of spiritual oppression, then he was better off following his first instincts, which was to leave that particular office to someone else. Gilchrist told them to pack their belongings and get out of his churches, both the head church and the smaller ones around the city. He would send for new ministers from Scotland. Gilchrist remarked privately to Laythan,
 “These…boys-they scare easy. They’ll see what happens to ghost or spirits when a Scotsman gets a hold of one.” 
 Laythan had never, ever seen Gilchrist so upset and so enraged. In the light of such danger he decided to send him back home until he could get a grip on the matters. After all, he promised Christopher and Margaret that Laythan would be safe. Gilchrist suspected witchcraft and a host of other dark acts had the city in a vice grip. Laythan hesitated at first, and then confided in Gilchrist. He told him about the stage coach he saw the night before. Gilchrist was stunned.  He’d never heard of such a description. Still, even he knew that horses couldn’t move in the fashion that Laythan described without direction from a driver. That was simply impossible. He had to admit that a major spirit of death loomed over the population and fed off of their fear. 
	On Tuesday, Gilchrist chatted with members from his church and those who were not. He derived a sense of what was strangling them with such fright-so much so that even the police were afraid. When he posed questions to the officers about their lack of results in providing a safe society they stated that ordinary guns and sticks couldn’t be used to fight spirits. And they were entrenched in their beliefs and superstitions as much as civilians who told the haunted tales passed down through generations After hearing of the encounters with a female ghost, and fiendish animals, they too refused to enter the forest at night-no matter what oath they took when they became police officers. People from Strakona had no choice but to travel through the forest because they had to work in order to eat and keep up with living expenses.  Gilchrist was familiar with stories from other places about the types of events he was being introduced to. Still, he never really thought much of them. He believed people’s imagination had gotten the better of them. He was well aware of the natures of witch craft that existed but was never forced to deal with them up close. 
	He was not a man who ran from a challenge. He altered his itinerary and decided to remain in Ostrava until he could dispel the anxieties of the people and give them some peace. For him, this was not just a simple case of superstition.  He was determined to show that righteousness triumphed against evil. As a leader of millions of people he felt duty bound by this principle. What kind of strength and leadership would he have demonstrated had he turned tail and run? None as far as he was concerned. Based on the accounts told to him by his followers, he decided to investigate for himself the mystery of the Lost Forest that sat between Ostrava and Strakona. The area was so feared that both private and public transportation companies refused to run their stage coaches through the territory at night. They reasoned that as long as there was sunlight, ghosts, whether they were vampires or aberrations, would be powerless to harm them. Laythan was put off by this madness and lack of action and protection for residents. He was a fighter and detested any sissy who simply gave in without a battle. He often said that those types of individuals were worthless and the lowest form of creation.
	On Tuesday evening, an event that took place just before sundown exacerbated the climate. Parents, especially widows and single mothers usually worked all day. They often had children that were under age and needed to be looked after. They usually paid the teenage daughters of their neighbors and friends to baby sit their young while they labored. Houses located in Ostrava’s east end were not as well kept as the homes near the center and west of the city. The east side was where low income people lived. Their streets and roads were filled with trees and bushes that created a lot of camouflage for dogs, cats, criminals and any other types of animals. 
	Olexa Krafkov was mother to one child. His name was Joni and he was the adoration of the entire neighborhood. Unlike many of the children from his section, he was well kept. Olexa hated dirt and was not in the habit of her son appearing out of sorts. She believed firmly that just because she was of a lower income did not mean she had to look the part. He had striking, straight, sandy colored hair that began at the center of his head and fell sweetly down around his face. He was as beautiful a boy as one could wish for. Her apartment was on the first floor of a three story tenement. She had a rear door that led to the alley that was never lit. The shrubs that covered the back were so bad that she kept her door closed to keep rats, stray cats and dogs from entering her home due to the trash cans that sat outside. She only kept her door open for air on hot days when she was home. Joni, like many kids in his building, saw the wide, concrete alleys as an adventure.  At just six years old, he never understood the danger of his surroundings. 
	As with most teens, they get distracted when they have company over while babysitting- particularly male company. Zophie was just fifteen and was in the midst of her very first serious relationship. She and her boyfriend hadn’t seen each other in a few days. He, like many young males, worked in the city’s railroad factory and at eighteen, wanted to make enough money to marry her. When he came over on Tuesday evening to see her she was thrilled. After a while they did what teens usually do. They talked and then began necking. While they occupied themselves Joni played around the house until he looked out his bedroom window and spotted a black, horse drawn coach situated among the bushes and trees-the same one that sometimes strolled down the middle of the streets without a driver. He was fascinated with the horses, which stood so till that they appeared to be statues. They didn’t make a sound and their eyes never blinked. Not even their tales moved. The back door was locked but he was tall enough to reach the latch and the knob. He tip toed out the bed room door and peaked to see if Zophie was paying attention to him. She was too busy kissing her boyfriend. He unlocked the latch and opened the door. He stood quietly in the entrance with a smile of wonderment at such beautiful animals. A haunting voice echoed and called out his name in the voice of a child. At first he was mystified and conflicted. He knew that his mother never allowed him to go out into the back alone. 
“J-o-n-i…J-o-n-i”, the voice slowly beckoned.
 The eager smile on his face ceased and he fell into a trance like state. As a child, his mind and will was putty in the hands of whatever or whoever summoned him.
	He walked across the alley, into the dense shrub and stood by the stage coach. The door slowly opened by itself. He climbed up on the step and hopped into the plush, red passenger seat. The door quickly snapped shut. The horses suddenly began to walk.  At that instant, his mind was released by the trance he was under. The horses picked up speed as he realized he was in trouble. When they reached the end of the alley, the stage coach made a right turn onto Prazsky Avenue and headed toward the forest. Olexa had just walked home from work in time to see her son alive for the last time. This modern day chariot of death turned away from her direction and sped off, but not before she saw her Joni in the rear window screaming for help. She dropped her groceries and called out to him. She gave chase until she collapsed onto the pavement-too exhausted to run any further. People on the street and in their houses came to her aid and to find out what the commotion was about. She was in shock and completely hysterical. 
	A policeman blew his warning whistle as other lawmen gathered to investigate. She told them that her son had been taken by a black stage coach with no driver. Gilchrist and Laythan were in the area close by talking with city officials and people in the neighborhood about their plight. Part of his main concern was to see that his followers were being treated as equal as other citizens, especially if they were Scottish. Gilchrist ordered the driver of their carriage to head down the street where the crowd gathered. They arrived and hopped out. People huddled around him. Separated from Gilchrist because of the crowd, Laythan never saw Olexa but asked a woman to fill him in on what happened. 
“The devil…she’s taken another one,” she insisted. “Another child has met his fate. The horses ran off with him. Poor mother, she’ll never see her little boy again-not in this world anyway.”
 The enormity of the horror and despair was so great that Olexa fainted. Her friends, along with Gilchrist, took her inside her home where Zophie was also crying hysterically and bearing the blame for what happened. 
Captain Bednar arrived on the scene later as the darkness crept up on the city. The abduction was reported to him. He told everyone that his men would search for Joni the following morning because no one would dare enter the forest so late in the day. Gilchrist told him that he was going in after Joni and if he didn’t order at least twenty men or more to accompany him, he would speak with the Secretary of the State Police Force and demand action with or without him, as well as recommend his replacement. Captain Bednar knew that Gilchrist had the power and the influence to make that happen. He reluctantly ordered fifty armed men on horseback to accompany them. Laythan begged Gilchrist to allow him to join them but instead was ordered to go and wait at the hotel until he returned. On this, there was no compromise. He grabbed and shook Laythan’s hand before he got on his horse and made him a promise. 
“I’ll be back; you just go back to the hotel and wait for me.”
 Gilchrist flashed his old familiar grin from ear to ear as always and Laythan’s fear for his safety lessoned a little. After the men gathered, they rode off with Captain Bednar leading the way. Laythan looked on with the large crowd as the men disappeared down the long road in route to bring back a kidnapped child. Laythan had a bad feeling. He hated uncertainty. Back at the hotel, he waited impatiently in the lobby. 5:00 came and went, then 6:00, 8:00 and finally 10:00pm came. But there was no sign of Gilchrist or the policemen. He assumed they decided to camp out overnight. But the forest, although frightening, was full of wide roads with signs and road lamps. The Ostrava Police force knew the forest very well and wouldn’t get lost. So there was great concern when midnight came and they hadn’t returned. Laythan fell asleep in the lobby because he couldn’t bring himself to get into his bed and sleep when so many men were out on a search. Worry turned into a quiet panic. He wanted to go in after them but he knew no one would accompany him and he also didn’t want to disobey. Keep in mind, Gilchrist was responsible for his safety. If he ever got hurt because of his disobedience his parents would have still held Gilchrist responsible. The last thing he wanted was to get Gilchrist in trouble with his parents-particularly his mother Margaret. In any event, the exciting trip he envisioned was steadily transforming into a nightmare before his eyes. 

CHAPTER EIGHT
	A sleepless night was had by all who were tied to the current events that unfolded. Laythan was sick to his stomach and feared the worst. As twilight snaked across the gloomy, gray skies he headed over to the Head church. There, the Pastors who had been dismissed along with many other clergy men were gathering their belongings and cleaning out their offices. They had no choice in the matter and had to return to Poland, Prague and other areas they had originated from. A stage coach was scheduled to take them to the train station at noon. Laythan hurried in an attempt to catch the former ministers before they left. When he got there they were approaching from the church’s center isle in the opposite direction on their way out.  They halted when Laythan held out his arms. He explained that their Gilchrist and the police search party were missing. That’s when he discovered just how afraid and cowardly they were. He wanted to assemble a team and go find them immediately. They all expressed great sympathy for the unfortunate events but were leaving. They continued their exit from the building. He hesitated, and then ran to stop them. Without even thinking, he leapt from the top stair all the way down to the bottom. When he landed he was as shocked at what he’d done as the ministers were. He grabbed one named Gerald Ellenton by the collar, jacked him up with one hand and dangled him two feet above the ground as he spoke to them with animosity.
 “You mean to tell me that you won’t even take a risk to help find our own bishop after he put his self on the line to save a boy he didn’t even know? What kind of soul do you have? Are you that afraid of death?”
 “I’m afraid I’m more worried about my soul than my life son,” Gerald admitted and then added, “I don’t want to end up a wandering soul or spirit in torment waiting for someone to put me out of my misery.”
 “You fool!” Laythan charged as he dropped Ellenton to the ground on his rear end. “The only souls inhabiting those who are undead are the devil, not the people he’s killed. I need real men to go with me to find Bishop Gilchrist and the others. You think Captain Bednar wasn’t afraid?!  He was, but he got past that and had enough guts to ride into who knows what in that forest.” 
“Exactly my son,” another ex- clergy man interjected. “We don’t know what they went in after but whatever they encountered is obviously beyond our power. If those men are gone, though cowards we may be, going in after them won’t bring them back.” 
Laythan was seething with anger and hatred too intense to measure. He was also hurt and in disbelief by their reaction. At that moment, the last thing he wanted to be was part of any church that they were members of. He stared down on them like dirt as they dropped their eyes to the ground in shame. He turned to walk away and then stopped sharply and accused,
 “You’re not men. You’re not even high enough to be dogs.”  
He stepped toward them and spat at their feet in disgust. 
	All those who witnessed the shame Laythan brought to the expelled ministers saw them for what they were-pretenders. There they were, men who were from the same generation as Gilchrist-men he had known for years and they refused to lift one finger to help search for him. Suffice to say that Laythan was livid enough to kill every last one of them. He despised false friends. Gilchrist was a man in deed and a friend for life-a man who would put his life on the line for any friend in need. To think that some kind of tragedy had befallen him while his so-called brothers turned their tails between their legs and ran simply caused an eruption of unspeakable rage inside him. No man within the nearby church would offer to ride with him. He understood that no matter what he said, if their leader was missing then surely they were not untouchable. Besides, time was being wasted. He couldn’t go door to door and beg for the help of each and every male parishioner. He reasoned that his best chance for assistance were the remaining law officers. He hopped into his horse drawn taxi and ordered the driver to take him to the police station. He walked in and found the men on duty very upset over the sudden absence of their Captain. They had yet decided what to do. 
	Most of the best officers were with Captain Bednar. The only man who had any rank to make decisions in his absence was Sergeant Viktor Novak. He was an up and coming officer who was young for his position but extremely brilliant in the detection of crime. He was a thin, blonde haired sort of fellow whose five foot eleven stature made him appear much taller. He gave orders to a host of officers to search the surrounding forest areas but not to enter without his permission. Ostrava had a police force of over five hundred men who served as enforcement for many other nearby towns. One hundred and fifty were stationed at the precinct Captain Bednar commanded. Novak was now entrusted with the safety of the remaining one hundred men under his command. Laythan asked Sergeant Novak to send a few officers with him to search for those who were missing since he was unable to garner any help. At first, the Sergeant Novak was surprised to see that church members wouldn’t help. Captain Bednar had ordered Sergeant Novak to remain in town as not to place him at unnecessary risk. As a young asset to the department, Captain Bednar and took a personal interest in guiding his career. 
	He refused to provide any additional help to Laythan. He had been up all night and was edgy and irritated. Sergeant Novak insisted that he wanted to help more but was under strict orders and didn’t want to put any more men in danger. Laythan’s response was like acid to the skin.
 “Tell me Sergeant, are all the men in this city born cowards, or is that something they just inherit?” 
After a pause, Sergeant Novak stepped from behind his desk but stood far enough away from striking distance because of the dangerous look in Laythan’s eyes.
 “I know what you must think of us by now Mr. Kendrew. I myself am sick of all the nonsense in this city-this forest, and these…strange occurrences. I’ve been trying to get men to explore those woods for years and kill whatever’s made life so miserable for so many. But you won’t find one man in this city who’ll ride with you.” 
“Then I’ll just go in alone. I don’t have time for fairy tales. Just get me a fast, strong horse and meet me at the hotel.” 
Laythan reached inside his coat pocket and pulled out a stash of currency and slammed it on a desk next to him. 
“You see I have rules to follow also,” he finalized, “rules that originate from my conscience that tell me how to live every day. And one of my rules is that I never leave a friend behind, not ever. If I don’t come back, send this cable to my parents in Scotland. That should be easy enough for you to do. It doesn’t require any guts.” 
	Laythan placed the note on the desk with a message he had written to his parents at the hotel when he decided to go find Gilchrist. He headed for the door. Sergeant Novak, who was also just a young man of twenty years old was floored by the selflessness, loyalty and determination Laythan possessed. His conscience refused to allow such a man to go on a dangerous expedition all alone. There are times when men must decide how and when their life or death will be determined. If they don’t make the decision themselves, sometimes, the choice is made for them. Sergeant Novak felt that as a man, he would rather die as such than live as some insignificant rodent huddled and buried in a hole surrounded by fear. He was a young man of high rank but if he wanted real respect he knew he had to do what officers were paid to do, go toward danger, not run away and hide behind the security of orders, rules and regulations. 
	 “Wait, I’ll go with you!” Sergeant Novak blurted out. “And I’ll order some more men to accompany us, although I doubt if even they will obey that order.”
 “The daylight approaches.” Laythan retorted. “From what the people say, most of the trouble occurs at night. If the stage coaches can ride through there during the day then so can we.” 
Sergeant Novak promised to gather a horse for Laythan. He rounded up a few more of his officers and ordered them as to join him as they searched for the whereabouts of their missing comrades. A total of twenty men joined in-most reluctantly. He had given them a choice of accompanying him or turning in their badges. The choice was not a favorite one but their job paid well and came with many perks. They didn’t want to fall back to working in a factory or outside on the railroad construction sites to survive. They, like the others before them, galloped away toward the forest.
	Once inside, the daylight helped a great deal in respect to their vision. However, they still heard the cries of wolves howling in a distance, which made them very nervous. Laythan himself was on annoyed and had his guns and plenty of ammunition. Because of all the giant trees that hung over them, the daylight was still diminished to an extent. They stayed on the main roads that lead to Strakona. As they rode, they saw no trace of their friends and co-workers. For some of the men, this was their first time inside the most dangerous and haunted territory in the world. They constantly called out the names of their missing men hoping to get a response. They received none. They made stops along the way to rest their horses and to possibly gather any clues as to what happened to them. As they trotted slowly on what was commonly known as Crows Field Way, a weird and unsettling name to any traveler, they heard the pounding steps of many horses racing toward them. They also heard a whip slashing through the air as a man’s voice screamed at the animals he was fiercely driving. They were on a curve and were unable to see any vehicle until it was too late. They developed a lump in their throat and readied themselves for whatever sinister came their way.
	They jumped down off their horses and moved to either side of the road. They secured them as they wrapped their reign straps around trees and branches. They drew their guns and prepared to fire at will. Laythan assumed the vehicle was what the people referred to as the Black Carriage of Death. The noise drew within their sites. They remained poised and started to pull their triggers. But the sound that began and grew to a feverish pitch ceased in an instant. Nothing or no one came around the curve. There was complete silence all around them. After hearing the screams of a driver and thunderous steps of many horses no one materialized. Only an eerie breeze blew past them, which was as cold as ice. They looked at each other in great discomfort. Some wanted to turn back and go home but they were too afraid of riding alone. The trees often looked like deformed humans. Branches often resembled arms that seemed to have fingers on the end of them.  Tree tops were sometimes shaped like crows or ravens. They stood out from the other green and brown plant life because they were completely black-like charcoal. They appeared as though they had been in a great fire and yet, still grew. 
	Not long after their first weird encounter, they came to the exit of the forest and into the meadow. The Village of Tvod was to their right but no one wanted to go there. Unfortunately, they had no choice. They needed to conduct a diligent search. Morning fog was usually thick and high. The meadow was also an area people feared. Before they could turn right toward Tvod they saw a sight that almost made them believe they were dreaming. A Huge Celtic cross slowly rose up from beneath the ground. Laythan himself thought he was suffering from an illusion. He instructed the others to wait for him as he rode over to investigate.  The closer he approached, the clearer the image became. He was unable to see the grass because the fog hovered so high, and yet, his agitated horse kept hopping over invisible obstacles that he himself couldn’t see.
	The cross hadn’t moved any higher but there was an image on the front of the stone, gray symbol. His eyes widened in horror.  Sergeant Novak and his men looked on from a hundred yards away when they heard Laythan let out a grievous, gut wrenching growl of unmistakable anguish. The others quickly rode full speed toward him. As they did, the fog dissipated and slowly slithered back into the wet surface to reveal the mysterious answer to their search. They stopped near Laythan. They stared in disbelief as the body of Gilchrist tightly hung in place on front of the cross. Suddenly, one of the officers shouted.
 “Sergeant, Look!” 
Once the fog cleared, the ground revealed the dead bodies of all their missing comrades. Laythan’s horse had jumped over a field of corpses. They were located within the immediate vicinity of that cross. Gilchrist looked almost inhuman. His face was swollen, as though he had been pummeled, and then left dead under water for months. His features were disfigured. 
	They checked on the slain officers, who were dead with their eyes open. Even more disconcerting, was the fact that their pupils and eyeballs were completely black. They looked pale and white as a ghost, yet, they didn’t seem to have a mark on them, except for the bite marks on their flesh, particularly their neck and forearms. Sergeant Novak and the others, who were still in shock, help cut the thick black tree vines that banded Gilchrist to the stone. Laythan grabbed and held his body up as the men cut away the last vine. His limp body dropped downward. When his head flopped onto Laythan’s shoulder, the sudden thud that signified the lifelessness of his beloved friend became reality. He tried to keep his emotions in but he collapsed as he patted the back of Gilchrist and wept. To see him so badly disfigured and to know that he may have suffered was too much for him. The officers slowly took him from Laythan’s arms. They carried him over and laid him down next to the other brave men. Sergeant Novak ordered three of his men to ride quickly into Strakona-located just across the bridge. He told them to get as many policemen and medical experts as they could find and hurry them back to the scene immediately. Laythan’s head was spinning and like the rest of the men, he too was still in a state of shock. The situation became chaotic when the authorities arrived. He had a difficult time understanding how he was able to see the smile of a wonderful person just hours before and then suddenly discover that he was gone. No goodbye-no warning. Just there one day and gone the next. The abrupt end to such a fantastic human being was like hitting a brick wall that he never recovered from internally. Gilchrist could not have been more close to him if he had been his uncle or another family member. The mysterious and unexplained circumstances the men died under would not go unchallenged. For the moment, he was too wounded and his first priority was to get the results of their autopsies and see to the transportation of their remains. This also put the Czechoslovakians in a very precarious position. A very important, high ranking religious figure had been slain in their country and the repercussions were liable to be very severe. The United Kingdom was an Empire with a reach that stretched far into the east of Europe. This included a very considerable amount of influence in Czechoslovakia both economically and militarily. With the boom in railroad construction, the last problem the Czech government wanted was for Britain, who was the world’s leader in iron and railroad production, to cut off ties with them. The rail road industry fueled their economy. The death of a righteous man, who was followed by over sixty million people from the United Kingdom to Poland, set in motion events that would change Laythan and the United Kingdom forever. He was about to discover his destiny-a destiny that would pit him against the Lords of evil. 

CHAPTER NINE
	The medical Examiner performed an autopsy on each of the slain men. He started with Gilchrist. As was the case with all of the victims, they were void of their blood supply. Not only that, there was very little found around the crime scene, which left an unanswered question. Where did all their blood go? Fifty men who died under such violent circumstances would have produced an enormous amount of spillage. And yet, only sections of droplets were found on the ground. Their clothes received only minimal stains. Even more disheartening was the fact that they never found little Joni. If they did and had any knowledge of his whereabouts the information died with them. After all of the necessary paper work and notifications were filed, the deceased men were escorted by a line of mortuary coaches back to town a couple of days later. However, Sergeant Novak, along with policemen from Strakona, who volunteered to accompany them out of honor to the fallen men, took the road that circled around the forest, which obviously lengthened their trip. The rail line between Ostrava and Strakona wasn’t complete. The route was still a year away from being operational. Laying tracks was not the main problem. Clearing the wooded landscape is what consumed so much time.
	The procession arrived amid screams and grief from families and friends of the slain men. Before they could reach the public mortuary, throngs of people threw themselves on the vehicles in their attempt to locate a husband, brother or a father who had died. Women who held their children’s hand ran from one hearse to another in an attempt to find the one that held their loved ones. By all measures, the police department in Ostrava was one a good one. The majority of the officers were hard working, well respected and honest. During a time when corruption often stained society because of high class Socialites who wanted to control the populous by financially propositioning men of the law, those under Captain Bednar were virtually incorruptible. Their short coming was allowing contrary spirits from a demonic origin to deceive them into thinking that they were meant to be at their mercy. 
	The town grieved bitterly. Olexa found Sergeant Novak. He was by the door of the Morgue giving Reporters from the Press a statement. Just as he was about to turn and go inside he stopped as she approached with her handkerchief in her hand. Her eyes-red and swollen from so much crying, wanted him to tell her that he had at least recovered Joni’s body but he couldn’t. He knew Olexa very well. They had both lived in the same neighborhood since their birth. She was too emotional to ask him but that didn’t matter. He didn’t have a positive answer and that broke her spirit. She silently begged him for her son. He shook his head negatively. 
“I’m sorry. We never found him. I’m afraid he may be gone Olexa.” 
He held her hands to his chest and apologized as she weakly disagreed. 
“No...No. He’s coming home.” 
With each denial she slowly sank to the sidewalk with her hands flat on the ground and cried. Sergeant Novak knelt down and placed and patted her sympathetically on the back. She leaned into his lap and wailed. She couldn’t have been in more pain if she had been stuck in her heart with a sharp blade. He comforted her as best he could. After a while, he signaled for a couple of his officers to escort her home and ordered them not to leave her alone unless someone was with her. As they slowly walked her back down the street, she repeatedly uttered, 
“You don’t understand do you, he can’t rest unless his body is found. You have to bring him back here. He’ll be lost unless you find his body. I need his body. ”
 As insane as she sounded, that is what she believed according to her religious beliefs. Unfortunately, his body was nowhere to be seen. If what she believed was true then poor little Joni’s soul would never rest in peace and lay in the bosom of the angels in paradise. 
	To prevent the rapid decay of Gilchrist’s body, Laythan hurried back to Scotland in order to have funeral services for him. The afternoon before he boarded a stage coach to catch a train headed back to the west, Sergeant Novak saw him off. The two men exchanged gratitude’s, Laythan especially. He thanked Sergeant Novak for his help, his bravery and his concern for the public. He warned him never lose those attributes and to protect his people. He also promised that he would be back as soon as he took care of the issues concerning Gilchrist. Sergeant Novak asked him when that would be but Laythan didn’t pin point a date. However, he prophesied that the when he returned, the Lost Forest was going to be nothing more than a past nightmare.  
	On the way home Laythan sat on the train and wondered about the events that had taken place. He felt so helpless. Such a hopeful trip included the deaths of fifty men. Before he picked up one gun, one sword, practiced one move, he was already planning in his mind. He was frustrated because he knew that no matter how extraordinary his skills were, they were not a recipe for success against the principalities of Anti-Christ. Many of his fallen angels had once again been shaken from their realm and poured out onto the earth. He understood that regardless of his expertise as a human weapon, which included skills as a swordsman, ancient battle Arts from Asia and other places, he needed a power that would place him not just on their level, but one above. But how? Where and how could he obtain such a power? For all his talent, his illusionary skills, his extraordinary physical strength, his mental and sensory perception, he was still just a man-so he thought. He wondered why such spiritual attributes always seemed to be given to the wicked and not the righteous. His brain ran around in circles searching for a way to keep his promise and defeat the extraordinary entities that were specifically concentrated in that region of Czechoslovakia. The death of his friend and the men he accompanied burned in the hollow pit of his stomach. He felt like he had eaten crow from the devil, which from his stand point, had gotten the best of all of them. Finally, he stopped thinking and fell asleep. 
	When the train pulled into the station in Aberdeen a few days later, Laythan’s entire family and all his friends were there. The place was packed with mourners. Gilchrist’s widow was also present and surrounded by her family. All of Scotland grieved. Laythan’s family rushed over and hugged him and wouldn’t let go. His twin sisters Bridget and Alanna, held onto him for the longest time. They were so worried about him when they received news about the tragic events that they stopped eating properly. He was exhausted. Although the public was fed reports as they funneled in, He personally gave an account to his family and friends, who were overjoyed to see that he survived. To his younger siblings, he was their hero. They all looked up to him. As their big brother, he was the greatest as far as they were concerned and wanted to be just like him. The love his four siblings had for him was something that couldn’t be measured in a trillion years. That’s because love is impossible to measure or grade. Had he died, his family would have never, ever recovered. Their view of death was like many others of their time-grim and inevitable. He on the other hand, cared too much about accomplishing his goal to worry about that. He felt death would come whenever it came. 
	Gilchrist lay in state as mourners paid their last respects. Scotland’s national flag was draped over his casket. A lavish funeral followed the next day. His remains were so badly disfigured that his wife decided to hold a closed casket service. Afterward, he was laid to rest in a mausoleum. The entire affair drained the life out of the nation for a time. The church had not even begun to think about who would replace him as Bishop. He was one of a kind. As tradition and their church by-laws stipulated, they had thirty to sixty days to hold an election to decide who his successor would be. A few weeks after his trip, Laythan fell into a mental cloud of darkness. He was not one to mope. However, all of the events he experienced were away from home. There was no time to stop and slow down-only react. He hadn’t been given the time to deliberate his thinking process or even rest for that matter. But once he arrived home the situation changed. He had time to reflect on his trials. And that was the problem. He had too much time and that eventually brought down his adrenaline. He had no idea where to start or even what to plan in order to right the great wrong that snatched his friend from him. After three weeks, day to day life became normal once again except on Sundays. Church services became very sad to attend knowing that Gilchrist was no longer in the world-no longer looking down over the audience from the minister’s platform. One night, he began to question so many things, so many events and the reasons for them. Finally, after he failed to come up with a solution on his own as to what his purpose in life was, he did the one simple act that he had neglected to do during his entire ordeal-he prayed.

CHAPTER TEN
	The transformation of Laythan Kendrew from ordinary man into a messenger of eternal death for all the sons and daughters of perdition was an encounter he kept to himself for the most part. He did so for reasons hire than his own.  The mantle he inherited was meant for him and only him and not to be disclosed at that particular time. Later, as the years passed, he divulged some details of the wondrous change that took over his soul, his mind and his life. 
	He worked his regular job, just as he had done before his trip overseas. This helped him somewhat to get through the reminders of the nightmare in Czechoslovakia. Unfortunately, the fun side of him fell by the way side for a time, which was perfectly normal and understandable. He stopped performing his illusions and exposure of magic tricks for the public. Although this disappointed the many kids who followed and adored him, he couldn’t because his heart just wasn’t up to it. Three long weeks passed since his return home. Each day, he was saddled with the terrible images of the men who were slaughtered. On the surface, he appeared to cope and assured Margaret that he was fine, although she never believed him. Inside, he was far from that. His faith had taken a hit and he found himself wondering more and more why such terrible events happened to good people. He felt lost even though he searched constantly for an answer that eluded him. He prayed for understanding and guidance and yet, hadn’t received an answer that enabled him to comprehend what kind of entities inhabited the planet. And more over, how would they be dealt with?
	Friday evening after work he put up a halfhearted attempt during his sword practice session with his best friend Argyle Kulkullen. Not that his sword play would suffer or his talent erode because he used his blade as easily as he used his hands. He was the best and there was no one in the United Kingdom or the world for that matter that even came close to his equal. He won every national and world title there was in competition. He defeated champions from all over the globe who were said to be invincible. This included the best Asia and Russia had to offer. The most impressive aspect of his skills was the speed in which he moved. He had the ability to swing and cut objects so fast that most of the time observers could hardly keep up with his maneuvers. Fencing champions, who thought they had an advantage, looked silly when he was done with them. He countered any weapon and conquered all his rivals. His wrist and arms were so powerful that his sword, as well as many other heavy weapons, felt like a twig in his hands.  The only person alive that even came close to his talents was Argyle. From the time they had crawled around together on the floor as toddlers to their adult hood, both had understandably shared the same values and interests in life. Both their families lived on the same block and worked hard to keep up with the financial demands of caring for them. For the Kendrews, Argyle was just another happy mouth to feed when he stayed over, which was practically anytime he wanted. To the younger Kendrew children, he was just another big brother who had been in their lives since the day they entered the world. For all intent and purposes, he was their brother-their son-the only one who could sometimes corral the younger ones when they misbehaved. He was a bit more hulk like than Laythan but not stronger. At six feet two and nearly two hundred and thirty pounds, he loved throwing his size around during sporting events. He kept his black, wavy hair short. Letting it grow long was too much of a hassle to groom. But make no mistake; his appearance was immaculate, especially during a time when many men neglected to spruce themselves up regardless of their income.  Unlike Laythan, whose image threatened those who didn’t know him, Argyle looked less sinister and more approachable. His sky blue eyes gave him the appearance of a school or choir boy even when he grew older. He just had the type of baby face that caused women, especially older ones, to mistake him for being much younger than he was. He was the same age as Laythan but he looked like a sixteen year old. This frustrated him during his teens because he wanted people to take him serious as a man, not someone who was thought to be just big for his age. 
	After practice, Laythan decided to walk home. Argyle had to run some errands for his father and told him that he would stop by his house later on. The day was rather cool but his mind was functioning under so much stress that he hardly noticed how cloudy and damp the weather was. The walk home was only fifteen minutes at the most. The church was located halfway between the practice facility and the telegraph office where he worked. Unlike other places, rain in the United Kingdom, especially Northern Ireland, and Scotland, didn’t always start with a slow drizzle and then progress. More often than not, depending on the season, the skies could be sunny one moment and then turn black in a matter of minutes. When rain began to fall there was little warning before hand and could fall like buckets out of nowhere. If people were unlucky enough to be outside they were soaked in a matter of seconds not minutes. Laythan was caught in one of these types of down pours.
	He quickly ran and headed for the church which was open. He also had his sword case with him. Running with the rectangle shape holder made his strides awkward. The Bone Splitter was one of many swords he owned but none were more refined and used than that one. He bungled his way up the church steps as rain water drenched him from head to toe. He rarely wore a hat but he rarely got sick. Inside was Pastor Gavin. He replaced Gilchrist after his succession to Bishop. He approached Laythan on his way out, and he was in a hurry. He had to tend to some very important business matters for the church. He asked Laythan to remain inside and watch the auditorium for about half an hour. The church was set to start renovations. He needed to get some additional estimates on different sections of the building in order to agree to a final price with the construction company, which hadn’t arrived. Someone needed to be there and assure the construction crew that he would return shortly. Laythan agreed. Besides, he was soaked and didn’t have an umbrella since he usually rode a carriage or his horse to work. At least he could sit and wait for the rain to subside as well as dry off. He walked to the front of the enormous auditorium, which easily seated one thousand hundred people. 
	He hated getting wet in the rain. He flopped down on a pew and sat his case next to him. “Perfect, rotten ending to a perfectly rotten day,” he grumbled irritably.
 His life, the weather, everything up to that point was going down the drain as far as he was concerned. He relaxed as the storm pelted the streets outside. He placed his black parka over the pew. He sat back and placed his right arm over the top of the bench and crossed one leg over his knee. Starring at him from the altar was the majestic picture of his old pal, Gilchrist, who was as close to a grandfather he could ever have.  His breathing slowed as his mind sank to an open helplessness. He wanted to cry out to someone for help-someone he could see but there was no such person. No one could begin to suspect how he felt.
 “Good old Gilchrist,” he murmured with sad eyes. 
He watched that cheerful grin on his face in the picture amid the dim light in the auditorium. He wasn’t seated on the third row from the front and was close enough to see the altar, which was dark. A strange occurrence evolved that afternoon. A tiny glow emanated from the first step that led up to the Bishop’s chair, which was quite a few levels up from the auditorium floor. The radiance looked like a candle that had just been lit. But there were no lamps or candles burning anywhere near the front of the church. Even more mysterious, the light grew larger and brighter and was positioned at eye level. How could that be? He admittedly became spooked. He opened his case and grabbed his sword out of pure instinct to defend himself against a foreign sight he obviously didn’t understand. After the events in Czechoslovakia, he was overly cautious-even inside a church. He stood up and slowly approached to investigate as the light burned with an amber colored energy. The phenomenon hovered in midair, which left him speechless. All kinds of scenarios flashed through his mind. Maybe someone was playing a trick on him-a bitter magician who was using his skills to get a little pay back. When he reached the first step of the altar, he slowly reached out his hand to touch what he thought was an illusion. The instant the tips of his fingers made contact the substance began to swirl. He drew back his hand and watched as the glow became a full blown source that surrounded him.  He dropped his sword when he flung his hands up to protect his eyes from the intense glare, which fell onto the step of the altar. Frightened, his first instinct was to run and get away as fast as possible. However, some type of force took over his will and any thoughts of fleeing.
	There was no voice-no deafening noise. The sounds he would encounter came in a peaceful manner. His attempt to figure out what was taking place was useless. The infinite life force that engulfed him was spiritual and originated from a likewise dimension that had come to deal with him on his level. He was in the presence of something or someone omnipotent. He knelt down on one knee and stretched out his right hand toward someone who appeared in front of him. He lost track of time because the spiritual space he was translated into had no time.  He felt as though he was in a whirlwind where the elements around him moved so fast that they almost seemed to move in slow motion just so his eyes could keep up. He bowed his head in complete submission. A hand reached down to him. Standing over him was a young man clothed in a white and gold robe with a high neck collar. On the edges of his sleeves was a purple stripe that highlighted the contrast of the shine his attire gave off. The young man’s hair was like the tan, colored sand on the beach.  He appeared to between twenty five and thirty years old. Laythan had no idea who he was but he had a slight grin on his face. He slowly reached up and took hold of the stranger’s hand. The instant he did, his eyes were opened and he recognized who the mysterious person was. 
“Gilchrist,” he whispered. 
Yes, Gilchrist-his beloved friend who had now taken on spiritual immortality. He flashed a great big smile down at Laythan who held on tight to his hand. There was so much he wanted to say to him. He was so heartbroken because of what had happened.  How and at what precise moment he specifically received his power was a secret Laythan never revealed. Just the same, He experienced a taste of immortality so fulfilling and so authoritative that he couldn’t help but close his eyes in pure delight. As he became drunk on the power and mysteries being poured into him, his destiny was re-established before his eyes. Revelations of his existence, past, present and future flooded his mind. The remembrance of who he was before he was born into the world through a woman, like all souls, was laid out to him. During his encounter, he possessed total recall.
	All souls are travelers with a round trip ticket as they pass through this world on their way back home to the next. Very few ever know what the status of their prior existence was before their birth into their slotted time periods on earth. Laythan was chosen by the ever existing supremacy he bowed to. The seal that covered his eyes was temporarily pealed back as he peered into the full spiritual dimension that is the place of God’s throne. He experienced the glory of his everlasting existence. And he felt the compassion and greatness of his mighty hand as the grief from the death of Gilchrist was lifted from his shoulders. His true identity was ushered into his intelligence. The supernatural ability that was his before the world began was bestowed upon him. He was not just another ordinary man positioned to simply live and die at his appointed time. He was one of many who had fought against Satan in the first earth age-long before any flesh was created. Like other tales or legends of re-born heroes of Scotland who fought evil and all manners of great beasts, he was a warrior re-born into a brief window of time as a reaper of the damned. He was a reminder to the Lords of evil that their days on earth during his era were numbered and he was chosen to conduct their demise. Eventually, his encounter ended. He never revealed anymore except that his sword became a tool of wondrous power. From that day on, his most trusted weapons would be toys in the hands of anyone else except his own.  The Bone Splitter was charged with authority that came not from man, but from one whom himself created man. The awesomeness of his blade would be his signature as one who delivered eternal death to those who walked in death.  
	When Pastor Gavin returned, he approached as Laythan headed toward the door. He thanked him for waiting around for the construction men who had yet to show up. But he couldn’t help but notice that Laythan somehow appeared different than when he last saw him. He stopped and gawked. His clothes were completely dry. His hair was polished, his skin looked too perfect to be real or even touch, and his face was full of mystery. His features were the same but a flame radiated within his eyes.
 “Are you ok Laythan?” He questioned.
 He took Pastor Gavin’s hand.
 “I wasn’t before, but I am now,” he smiled. 
Pastor Gavin knew Laythan had been down for a while. But he appeared to be a different creature, as though he had discovered the secret of peace, power and happiness. Laythan continued toward the exit. 
 “I’m glad. You see, Gilchrist was right,” Pastor Gavin stated finally. “There’s always healing when you step into this place. He always believed that.”
 Laythan stopped and then parted with a peaceful conclusion.
 “It’s not so much the building; it’s who you see when you get here.” 

CHAPTER ELEVEN
	Laythan knew he wasn’t ready to revisit Czechoslovakia right away and ride foolishly into a confrontation with powers and principalities that could flee his wrath if they were in physical form. If this scenario arose he needed to be able to pursue them anywhere in the world without financial constraints. Instead, he began to prepare and train for his return. He took immediate steps to capitalize on the conflicts that were erupting in the United States. Sensing that the country was about to explode into a Civil War, he approached the McDonnough Fire Arms Manufacturing Company. They were one of the largest producers of hand guns but their sales had fallen sharply the past two years because of the Stanwood and Marshall Fire Arm companies-two bitter rivals. The owner, Carlton McDonnough, had all but agreed to sell off his business due to his losing battle with the other two competitors. He only manufactured pistols. The other two companies produced shot guns in addition to other hand size weapons. As technology stood at that time, McDonnough was behind. People wanted modern weapons that were practical for war as well as recreational use. Laythan knew he could stop the financial hemorrhaging of the failing company. 
	Carlton had relatives who immigrated to America and settled in New York City on the upper eastside. They kept in close contact. He received a steady flow of information about the conflict that gripped the country. Unlike the owners at Stanwood and Marshall, who adamantly refused to believe that a Civil War in America was possible in such modern times, Laythan knew better. He fore saw that war was not only possible but inevitable. Based on the history of his own country, he understood that when the freedom or lack thereof, threatened the basic principles of God given rights to human beings, supreme courts and government legislatures could force or regulate against the will of the public for those rights. He was very familiar with the American Laws. Furthermore, he was realistic and practical about how the laws were applied to individuals according to whom they were and what they looked like. He knew anytime laws were enacted by federal judges and bureaucrats who assumed the positions of a god, the governors of their states had the right to disallow and disregard any rulings in the interest of maintaining their Sovereignty and freedom from lawless and runaway federal power. On the other hand, in America’s case, many states themselves misused their sovereignty to deny freedom to those who were entitled to the same rights as any other American. He had no doubt that they would exercise their right to either succeed from the Union or defend their slave trade status with deadly force. He was sure that they would do both.
	He realized this was his chance to introduce his new line of weapons into the equation. He was positive that his new technology would put the McDonnough Company on top once and for all and make him a very wealthy man. His new appearance mystified his family. They were unable to put their finger on what was so different about him. He had the appearance of a brand new human being. Knowing they couldn’t fully understand, he confided in them and told them that something miraculous had taken hold of him in the church. He explained that he had a purpose because of what took place during his trip to Eastern Europe. Where Gilchrist’s life ended, his purpose began and he had to fulfill what he was born to do. To his surprise, his mother grasped much of what he revealed. Somehow, she always had the nagging feeling that he wasn’t born extraordinarily gifted without a reason. She was glad that he in some way received comfort over the recent tragedy. Although he was touched and singled out by the power and direction of a divine creator, he never changed. He was the same person who honored his parents and loved his siblings and friends unconditionally. 
	One morning he paid a visit to the office of Carlton McDonnough, which was located inside his Manufacturing plant in the heart of the Aberdeen downtown business district. He brought with him a case full of patented weapons that he had paid for before his trip to Czechoslovakia. Every detail that he improved upon or invented was licensed. He proposed his assertions about the eminent war to come in the United States. He encouraged Carlton to make his move and begin manufacturing not just pistols, but shot guns and other long range weapons as well. But he wasn’t completely convinced that a U.S. conflict would surface. At the same time, based on what his relatives had written to him, he wouldn’t have been surprised if fighting broke out because of threats the southern states had made. They both found a rural section outside in the back of the building. Laythan demonstrated his pistols and heavy guns. Carlton was amazed at how lethal they were. He was an old man and the battles to stay financially afloat over the years drained him. He loved the weapons and ideas but no longer had the drive to solely run his day to day operations as head of the company.  Stanwood and Marshall had all but laughed at his misfortune. 
	Laythan was a man on a very dangerous mission.  Becoming financially independent was a means to fulfill that mission. Off course, in any event he still would have perused the same financial road. His family was all to him, therefore, he wanted to take care of them-especially his parents. He had seen the years Christopher put in at mansions that other people owned. He was tired of seeing Margaret help out by working part time when needed in establishments and Estates owned by snobs with arrogance that was born from their money. He was determined to make sure his family ended up living in a mansion or Estate as others served them for a change. And no one was going to stand in his way. After dazzling Carlton and knowing he was about to surrender to his competitors, he got right to the point. He offered to take over the day to day operations and totally revise the company’s production line with his own patented machinery that would out mass produce any other in the world. But, all of this came at a price. He advised Carlton not to sell his business. Instead, Laythan convinced him to go to America with him to demonstrate his products, and then make a deal with the Northern States separately and with the federal government to supply them with his brand of superior weapons. Once the McDonnough Company made the amount that Carlton was going to sell his company for, He would then buy him out and take full possession of the business. However, until that time, Laythan insisted on becoming a Partner with a seventy-five percent majorities and a say in all matters. He felt since he had come up with a way to save Carlton from financial and social humiliation, it was only fare for him to have the ability to control and protect his technology, his assets and his position. All of these stipulations and more were put into writing before their trip to America and legally certified by their Lawyers. McDonnough shipped products weekly to the states so Carlton already had the connections to people who had political and other business ties. 
	When Laythan informed his parents of his business plans they were proud of him. However, like any son, he tried to down play his trip to a land where war was eminent. As tough as he was, he was still his mother’s little boy in her eyes and she was as protective as a lioness over her cubs. After finalizing the deal, he arrived back home happy, yet, worried because he had to find a way to break the news to her about going to another foreign country-again. When he announced to her that he and Carlton were sailing across the Atlantic she hit the roof. She was blessed to have him back alive after one trip and now he wanted to go sailing off again. To ease her fears, he inadvertently blurted out that Argyle was going with him. There was just one problem. Argyle didn’t know a thing about his venture to the west. As they argued back and forth in the living room he finally calmed her down enough to see that he would be there with someone to watch out for his safety. She eventually conceded and said she wouldn’t stand in his way. As they talked, Argyle just happened to pop over as he often did. As he walked into the living room Margaret approached and threw her arms around him. He was also her legal god son as well because his mother and she were best friends. She embraced him with a kiss on his cheek.
 “A fine boy you are my son-a fine boy you are,” she said with relief. 
Argyle was clueless and completely confused. He looked at Laythan who hoped he would just play along.
 “Uh… yes mum. I try to be,” he replied with a stutter.
 “I can’t tell you how glad I am to know you’ll be with my boy over there. Just for that, I’m going to make your favorite dessert. And you’re staying for dinner on top of that.” 
She called for a couple of her other kids to go with her to the kitchen to help her with dinner. They jumped up from the floor and ran behind her screaming with silliness and glee as children often do when sweets are involved. Laythan stood there with a face that was comical. His mind was a blank. He couldn’t think of one solitary word to explain what had just transpired. Argyle approached with an expression that clearly demanded an explanation. He crossed his arms and waited for his buddy to speak but his mind was still a blank.
“Ok my friend; just what have you gotten me into this time? And it better be good.” Laythan scratched the top of his head nervously and looked up to the ceiling as he attempted to think of the words to explicate why he volunteered his pal to accompany him on a sea voyage in just a couple of days.

CHAPTER TWELVE
	Laythan and Argyle sat outside on the rear steps of the house after dinner. That’s where their low keyed argument began. After bickering back and forth like the two brotherly types they were, he eventually talked Argyle into accompanying him and Carlton to the United States. Needless to say, he used every trick in the book. Argyle hated water and certainly was not big on ships. He was a person who preferred to stay on solid ground. Sailing made him sea sick. Because of that, Laythan had to make huge concessions in order for Argyle to agree to take the trip. Argyle’s family, although concerned, was worried just a little less than Margaret because the two would be together. In addition, they were big, strong young men-able to ward off anyone who threatened them. When the time came, all three men sailed over to America. During the voyage Argyle was so sick that he was blue in the face because he spent so much time leaning over the railing heaving up his stomach. Laythan and Carlton found this hysterically funny. Carlton joked that Argyle probably lost ten pounds on the way over. When they arrived, they took note of the social climate. During their stay, they observed the people and their way of life. They remained there for three weeks and impressed everyone from the business and political sectors all the way up to the military. Laythan not only signed deals to manufacture guns for war but for private use as well. There just wasn’t enough production of newer- modern weapons to keep up with the American demand-especially in the Midwest and Pacific states. Sheriffs particularly needed eight shooters that could fire repeatedly without the heat of the gun barrels affecting the precision. He created pistols and shot guns that were decades ahead of any others that had been produced up to that time. Before they departed for home, Carlton had so many contracts to mass produce fire arms and a line of systematic, production machines for the manufacturing industry that he had to stuff them into a brief case because they were so numerous. When the three men arrived back in Aberdeen, they immediately went to work and removed all of the old and obsolete machinery in the plant and replaced them. Carlton was worried how well the new production equipment would work but not Laythan. He knew his mechanical wonders would be proficient because he studied engineering in college and knew how machines worked. He believed in himself and his abilities. And the reason his belief was so definite was because his products were tested many times in all types of weather. 
	In late May 1860, The Company filled their first initial orders. The guns were shipped over to America and sold almost faster than they were produced. With the most modern production line in the world, the company kept up with the demand. When Carlton turned down the offer to sell his company the owners of Stanwood and Marshall thought he was a fool. They laughed and assured him that he would be out of business within a few months. But now, Carlton was laughing-all the way to the bank. The business was re-born and began chopping away at the profits of their competitors. Once people experienced the revolutionary guns of McDonnough, every other gun became useless to a large degree. In a matter of months, Laythan amassed a fortune in sales for the company that surpassed all his business rivals. He was on an extraordinarily fast pace to becoming the richest man in Scotland and eventually the world. 
	On August 31st, the company reached the amount that Carlton was going to sell his business for. As their contract stipulated, Laythan bought out his share and became the sole owner. He changed the name to the Kendrew Firearms Company. Carlton had relatives but only a nephew who worked closely with him. He was allowed to remain on in a departmental, supervisory capacity. As for Carlton, at sixty years old, he retired with a fortune and remained in Aberdeen. Laythan moved his family out of their old house in the business district and bought an Estate for all of them to live in-complete with ten bedrooms, servants, horses and much, much more. He didn’t leave out anyone. He brought Argyle in on the business. Except for Laythan, no one knew more about weapons than he did. His father was knowledgeable enough to assist in the company’s operations. Laythan insisted that his father quit working for the Wilshire family. He had enough money to hire his own land managers and stable hands so he could breed and sell his own horses. The Kendrews were millionaires. And Laythan didn’t stop there. He was determined to become a billionaire. He loathed people like the Wilshire family who thought they walked two feet above the earth because they had more money than someone else down the road. When he saw how hard his parents worked and how exhausted they often were, he promised one day that he would bankrupt the Wilshires, buy their Estate, and burn the property to the ground for all to see. Once that was done, he would build another property right on top of their old ruins, in a matter of speaking. They were detestable people and needed a life lesson in humanity.
	Until that day came, he was content to see his mother finally rest and enjoy the ups and downs of raising her family without the stress of financial worries. He was very happy during that time but more so for his family than himself. He had accomplished the dream of one aspect that brought his heart and life pure joy-seeing the smile on the face of his mother when he told them they were rich and that she never had to work for another human being again. As far as he was concerned, all of what he suffered through was worth the anguish just to see her content. To him, there was no other woman in the world greater or more remarkable than her. The months passed by prosperously. Then, 1861 approached. Just as Laythan predicted, Civil War broke out in the United States with an initial attack from the South. When that transpired, orders for guns and ammunition jumped many times over because the American factories lacked the necessary machinery to keep up with production. Also, many of the owners who produced guns were from the south. When they sided with the Confederacy it left a severe shortage of gun makers for the Union Army. The Kendrew Firearms Company was forced to expand and open new factories to keep up with the demand, which created thousands of other private sector jobs. This also brought in millions upon millions of dollars to his company. 
	By October of 1861, Laythan felt comfortable enough to leave his father in charge as the business over seer and Vice President. He knew enough about Laythan’s weapons and machines to see that the operation ran smoothly in his absence. He was always great with financial matters such as book keeping and taxes. Laythan never trusted anyone except his family. As a result, he always left them in charge whenever he had to take a trip. Kendrew Fire Arms Incorporated expanded all over Scotland, Ireland and England. They bought out all their competitors, which included their factories. Laythan simply replaced his rival’s obsolete equipment with his own. Once that was done, they started production. They now produced guns and weapons for not only the United States but The entire United Kingdom and countries all over Europe. One afternoon, he stood up from his chair in his office as a feeling came over him. He was rich, he was powerful, and his family was taken care of. He had connections, social clout, influence and the admiration of many as the youngest self-made millionaire to ever grace the land of Scotland or Europe for that matter. But the time had come for him to return to Czechoslovakia and finish what the Lords of evil started.
	Argyle earned a degree in business and served in a Vice Presidency capacity and helped to keep a close eye on the company. The task was made easier by the fact that Laythan had brought Argyle’s family into the business as well. After all, they were all practically related anyway. The unbreakable ties that held the Kendrew and Kulkullen family together went all the way back to when Christopher, Margaret, Blake and Aileen, Argyle’s parents, were growing up as together as kids-like Laythan and Argyle. He wanted to feel secure that all the ones he loved most were there for each other when he was away-no matter what. Having both his families together in business was as important as them being together socially. When Laythan announced that he was leaving. Much to his surprise, Argyle didn’t hesitate but instead, offered to accompany him. There was something about the way Laythan’s voice sounded when he notified them.  The tone was serious and that set off alarm signals in Argyle’s mind. What bothered him most was that Laythan never once said that he would be back. And he always told them he would be. There was no way he was going to allow his best friend to go off somewhere and face the reckoning of whatever threatened mankind while he sat safely behind some desk. 
	This time, there were no excuses, no cover stories or any other kind of deceptions. When Laythan told his parents that he was going back to deal with what had killed Gilchrist, they had to accept that. He promised he would be careful. He comforted their concerns and articulated that he had been blessed with abilities that no other man had been given. He further informed them that he was not going alone. True, Argyle was going with him but more important, he had an unseen force with him-a force that would never dessert him.  Nevertheless, he was about to be baptized in battle as the very first vampire hunter the world had ever seen. 
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
	Before Laythan returned to the place that influenced the path he was meant to walk, he made certain that he was fully prepared to do the job he was chosen for. He tested-and retested a number of his weapons that were not on the market for public sale. They were kept for his own private use. In comparison to the time he lived in, they were futuristic in their mechanical operation and effectiveness. He had short knives, serrated throwing crosses, sawed off shotguns that he modified to fire in repetition and hold more rounds than the average out dated long guns of his time. He had special small cartridges with various chemicals he kept secret. When mixed together in the right amounts, these chemicals, among them gun powder, produced assorted degrees of explosions that temporarily blinded the eyes of opponents. The flare-ups were similar to Chinese fireworks that lit up the sky. He compressed these chemicals into hand size cartridges and containers that were great for distractions during an attack. He had short swords, round, throwing hexagrams with serrated blades that curved sharply inward. Once they penetrated the flesh their exit became unbearably painful.  He invented a hand size pulley system he downsized and attached to a strong, steel wire surrounded by a self-lubricated mini mechanism he installed inside a metal, rectangle case the size of a hand gun. He perfected this particular weapon, which he referred to as a hand blaster hook.  Inside the case, he installed a powerful spring recoil system and packed as much wire into the space as possible. At the end of the incredibly strong wire was a silver, spear tip blade. There was a latch at the bottom base of the hook case. Pressing downward released the wire, which was under enormous pressure from the coil system that held it in place. Pressing upward re-tracked the wire automatically back into the blaster case. This enabled him to aim this gadget at an object like a gun and fire. Once the hook was embedded, he could simply press upward on the lever.  All he had to do was hang on as the wire pulled him up to where the spear was implanted as long as he held onto the case handle at the bottom. When the wire was released during firing, the user had to have a strong grip or the kick back of the hand blaster would be jerked right out of their hand. This mechanism was instrumental in cutting out the time it took to climb a tree or scale a wall by using a rope. The spear or arrow tip was flare shaped at the bottom, which clung to solid material with odd dimensions and was affective up to a distance of one hundred feet vertically.
	He had a host of other gadgets. He designed a belt and a holster style vest strap to hold all of them; including extra hidden pistols and other weapons he carried with him that aided him in his talent of illusion, which by now, he was a master of.  He then designed a special number of identical full length Dusters. He personally handpicked the material. The coats were black and looked so majestic that people often thought he originated from some type of royalty. They had one set of glossy, black buttons down the front and a split in the back that ran up to the waist. This made mounting, dismounting and riding horses easy without the coat tails getting in the way. The sleeves were thin and had a lining that kept the body warm in extreme cold and was water resistant. There were hidden compartments inside that held other small weaponry. 
	Laythan owned various pairs of knee high boots that matched his dark attire. They were constructed with a two and a half inch sole from back to front-complete with a full steel plate sealed within. This meant that punctures to his feet by nails or any other sharp object were practically impossible. They had laces and buckles that fastened around them, which gave them a gothic look long before their time. They were water proof and extremely comfortable. He had a set of sleek black hats. He rarely wore them because fighting while wearing one often got in the way of his movements. However, he did have black Japanese and Scandinavian chained link masks that covered his head and lower half of his face-also protecting his identity.  He wore black leather gloves that came up to his forearm. When he wore them without his coat he bared the resemblance of an undertaker. 
	 Laythan also rode a special Steed. His father loved breeding and selling horses. One such horse in particular frightened the daylights out of Christopher and his stable hands. He got a good deal on him from a previous owner because no one had been able to tame him. Laythan was confident he could. He was the strongest, largest, meanest and most ominous looking horse Christopher had ever seen and experienced. Three men had attempted to saddle and break him so he could be ridden for service, racing and other chores. Instead, all three men were taken to the hospital for serious broken bones. One was almost stomped to death. He was a pale horse that seemed possessed. No one had seen such a striking colored beast. His shade had a ghostly appearance. One afternoon, Laythan walked out to the back of the estate yard as his father fretted over what to do about the animal. The horse stood afar as other horses congregated together. A host of men who often bought horses from the Kendrews were present just as a fourth man was nearly killed in his attempt to saddle and ride him. As Christopher looked on surrounded by the company of thirty people or more, Laythan opened the gate and stepped inside the fenced in riding grounds and approached the horse that others claimed were filled with a devil.
	He was advised not to bother with the horse out of fear for his safety. Laythan assured them that he would be fine and that the horse would be his to ride. Those who witnessed the earlier damage the horse had inflicted mocked him as they quietly snickered. They attributed his words to the uttering of a young fool. Christopher ordered a couple of his stable employees to get the medical box and stretcher ready, assuming that Laythan was about to be the next victim. One buyer stood next to Christopher and respectfully expressed his opinion.
 “Aye Mr. kendrew, I’d have to say your son has a death wish. That horse-he’s is a killer he is. I can see it in his eyes. If you and more experience men couldn’t ride him, what makes you think he can?” 
Christopher didn’t have a reply because he himself couldn’t see the wisdom in what Laythan was doing. 
	The horse had become so dangerous they were unable to lead him around by his reigns and couldn’t figure out how to get him back in his stall. Laythan approached from behind as the other horses started to rumble away nervously. Silence fell over the onlookers as the horse turned and faced him. One would assume that since he was a young man possessed with great new powers that he would have made some great dramatic scene. They expected him to yell out some fantastic command, or make some great hand gestures or perhaps call down some angel from heaven just to appease their doubt. They were blind. He did quite the contrary. He wasn’t there to put on some show for them or reveal who and what he was. He was there to choose a horse to take with him into battle. 
	The creature was beautiful in a gothic sort of way.  He continued his approach. The horse exhaled a loud scream and reared up on his hind legs then angrily stomped his front hoofs back down on the ground. The sound they made was similar to a double barreled shot gun going off. Everyone’s heart skipped a beat as fear for his safety brought a panicked lump to their throats. Laythan never blinked or batted and eye. He kept coming. He walked up to the horse and looked him in the eye for a quick moment. The creature put his head down and allowed Laythan to rub the bridge of his nose. He and patted him repeatedly as he talked to him as he would a pet dog.  He shook his head up and down in approval. Laythan grabbed the reigns and the pale beast followed him without effort. They both approached closer to the crowd that had huddled together to stare. When Laythan let go, the horse continued to follow him wherever he went-just like a puppy.  He grabbed a saddle and fastened the buckles around the horse. Afterward, he mounted and rode around with ease. The steed obeyed as though Laythan had been his master for years. People looked on with pure disbelief, including Christopher. He realized then that Laythan was much more special than he had ever understood. He tamed a deadly animal without a weapon and without any dramatics. He used self-control and pure kindness to discipline a powerful animal that nearly killed two men and put three men in the hospital. Laythan decided to name him at a later date. The most important task was packing and making sure he and Argyle were ready to leave.
	Argyle was more than happy to accompany his best friend but Laythan made sure he understood that his battle was his alone and couldn’t put him in danger. He promised Aileen that her son wouldn’t get into any trouble. After all, he had two younger siblings Caroline and Chrissie, who loved him just as much as Laythan’s siblings loved him. She was told only what Margaret conveyed to her concerning their trip. She was troubled and had good reason to be. Still, Laythan assured her that Argyle wouldn’t be involved any type of confrontation.  He was a talented fighter but he was not Laythan. He wasn’t his match before he became his transformation.  He certainly was nowhere near his match after his. 
	Laythan had the money and notoriety to travel anywhere in the world. His fortune was growing by the week. Soon, his millions would surpass those of the Wilshires, the Wyncotts and any other rich and famous dynasty. Before long, The Kendrews themselves would become the most famous and most beloved dynasty in the history of the United Kingdom and all of Europe, if not the world. 
	Despite his Thalssophobia, Argyle swallowed deep and decided that his friend’s safety was more important than his fear. As they had did once before, both the Kendrew and Kulkullen families gathered at the train station to catch the express line to England. Laythan’s younger sisters sense that his departure was different than the first. Children are often very perceptive and sensitive to the changes of a situation around them. Others may not realize that fact. Bridget and Alanna cried and wouldn’t let go of him, nor would they allow him to leave unless he promised to come back. He had no choice but to comply with their request. This eased their anxiety and the anxiety of others as well. Unfortunately, his promise put more pressure on him. If he didn’t return, they would be broken hearted and maybe even angry for years to come for leaving them behind. He was their jewel. They didn’t care about anyone else when his safety was involved. They were too young to grasp fully what he had been called and chosen to do. He had no choice. He was driven by a higher force and had to obey. Regardless, he assured his family that he would be as careful. Deep down inside, he never really over thought his security, yet, he had enough sense to know that he couldn’t fulfill his job as a dead man so he knew that someone would watch over him.
	In early October of 1861, as the Civil War exploded in America, Laythan and Argyle arrived in the city of Ostrava. This time the trip was quicker due to the completion of the many different rail lines that ran throughout Czechoslovakia. Their journey was more enjoyable in addition to the fact that the country was not particularly a large one. Once their rail and other transportation services blossomed, traveling in and around the region was fast and convenient. Miles before they pulled into the city’s newly built train terminal Argyle looked out over the wooded country side as they drew closer to the city. He noticed the change in the scenery.
 “My God,” he remarked, “nearly all the trees are black, withered and dead. This place looks like something out a nightmare.” 
“That’s because the people that cause nightmares live here,” Laythan added.
 Dogs, wolves and other creatures howled in the back ground but were unseen.  Ostrava was big but was still under a gloom, both naturally and spiritually. The city was a place the citizens treaded very carefully at night. 
	Both men checked into the Sumava Hotel at twelve noon. Laythan told Argyle they would eat dinner after he paid a visit to a friend. The two men took a short taxi carriage to the police station and instructed the driver to wait once they arrived. Laythan wasn’t sure if Sergeant Novak was still assigned to the same station. Both men walked inside. They waded through the bustling station house until they reached the office of Sergeant Novak. 
“Good afternoon Sir, my name is Laythan Kendrew.” 
A man who sat with his back to him, turned around quickly.
 “My goodness, it’s so good to see you again my friend.” 
The man in the chair was Sergeant Novak, who surprised them with a big smile. He stood up, stepped from behind the desk and grabbed Laythan’s hand and greeted him with joy. 
“My God it’s great to have you here. I see you’ve come back just like you said you would.” 
“Viktor,” Laythan uttered warmly. “Yeah-I made it back. And this time I brought a friend.” 
Sergeant Novak took Argyle’s hand and welcomed him to his city. Laythan looked up on the wall behind Novak’s desk and saw pictures of Captain Bednar and all of the men who served under him. Novak explained.
 “We all decided to put their pictures on our wall here, just so their families would know that they’ll never be forgotten.” 
“I assure you they won’t Sergeant.” 
“Its Captain now,” Novak corrected. “I guess they felt that I was the most qualified despite my age.” 
“I’d say the state made the best choice indeed,” Laythan complimented. 
 Novak fell silent as he starred at Laythan. 
“I must say...you look absolutely magnificent. I can’t figure out what it is but you look…different somehow. Your face…it just has a look that I’ve never seen before. The kind of look I can’t explain. I don’t know exactly but you seem, changed.” 
“Let’s just say that a lot has happened since you last saw me,” Laythan humbly responded.  
	The two men checked into their rooms. Laythan didn’t want to stay any longer than he had to. He wanted one day to rest. Afterward, he was going head straight into the forest and flush out the demon infestation. If he could accomplish his task in a week or less he considered that good timing. He invited Sergeant Novak to dine with him and Argyle after work, which he accepted. He gave Laythan the latest run down of all the events that had transpired since his last visit.
	No matter what anyone believes or what they’ve been told, there is no such thing as vampires living in remote, unpopulated places in total isolation anywhere on earth. For the very apparent and simple reason; they need human blood to live-no way around that fact. If they ever attempted to shut themselves completely off from the outside world they would cease to exist. They must reside where their blood source is, and that’s wherever people are. This point is not a myth but a reality and doesn’t take a brain science to figure out-just common sense. They are able to live socially detached in their immediate vicinity as long as they’re surrounded by a society of humans near enough for them to feed on.  In this particular case, Strakona was less desirable because there were less people. Also, Lita had many legal and social connections there that assisted her in the purchase of many different properties without any questions asked at her requests. She resided between both towns. She wanted to be practical. Fear often forces people to act in ways they would normally avoid. She already had the people of Ostrava scared to death, even if some people never met her. She wanted to stay on the good side of Strakonians. The last dilemma she needed was to be sandwiched between two cities if they decided to revolt and come hunting for her and her coven. For the time being, one town was more than enough to sink her teeth into. 

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
	Laythan, Argyle and Captain Novak had dinner that evening. They discussed various subjects. Argyle noted how thick the fog became the closer they reached town. Ostrava was still a growing city thanks to the available work the railroad provided. The transit system was continuously expanding. He also commented on how dead the woods appeared to be in the region. Captain Novak spoke on events that would have rattled the spine of lesser men. He began with the fog. The city had never experienced so much of before. People knew that they weren’t safe during the evening, especially when they were alone. The incidents that took place were not normal. The doom that had always remained primarily in the forest reached out and grabbed the entire region. At night, the cries and lamenting screams of the Ghost Woman was sometimes heard coming from the forest. At times, they were so loud that she seemed to be right outside people’s window. One evening, her haunting spirit moved beyond the black limbs of those haunted woods for the first time and began to emerge all around the city during the night. People had to eat, live and breathe. However, her aberration was a real horror to those who witnessed her appearance.  Now and then, she was seen gliding along the knee deep fog that became a hidden white jungle for other night creatures that roamed the streets.
	Both grownups and children alike often slept with the covers pulled over their heads because she illuminated their dark homes as she moved past.  One late Saturday night, Daniel Molner, a disruptive, bar hopping brawler was severely drunk. He was urinating in the alley way behind his favorite establishment when unfortunately, she came past. Just as he finished relieving himself he felt a presence of someone staring at him from behind. He slowly looked up and saw her at the end of the alley just forty paces away. She stood motionless and expressionless as a statue. Then suddenly without any warning, she screamed at him with the power and frequency of a thousand voices-almost loud enough to crack his ear drums. 
“Where is she?!” 
The howl and rippling echo that roared from her mouth sawed through his body and shook him down to the depths of his soul. He froze where he stood.  He was nearly frightened to death-literally. The force that accompanied her horrid voice produced a torrid wind gust that almost knocked him to the ground. He clutched his chest and immediately suffered a heart attack. He survived the initial assault and hung on for a short time. He died one week prior to Laythan and Argyle’s arrival. People knew that the Ghost Woman, Sandra Kyolan, had already scared a few other people to death while on the search for her daughter Eda, who vanished in the forest.
	Not too long after Laythan left for Scotland to bury Gilchrist, a young woman entered the police station where Captain Novak worked. She introduced herself as Lita Reznik. Unbeknownst to him, he had met death face to face in its purist, physical form.  He re-called how weird he felt in her presence. She sometimes came to town in her personal stage coach with two other young women-a brunette and a redhead. They would always pop up during the early evening. She soon made connections with the most wealthy and powerful people in the city. The influx of labor from all over the country pushed Ostrava’s population to two hundred thousand.  Lita became the topic of the social movers and shakers because she had more money than any person in the country. Rich tycoons were the draw of most gatherings until she and her two young female friends arrived. Sergeant Novak re-counted the night he met them at a gathering honoring the mayor’s re-election victory. She introduced the Brunette as Lynette and the redhead as Lisa. He shook Lisa’s hand and remembered drawing back at first because her skin was ice cold. When she noticed his reaction, her eyes widened. Her pupils expanded and nearly covered her eye balls. She looked as though she had just remembered how to perform some devious or deceptive trick. Instantly, her hand became warm as a living human being. He assumed he had imagined the dead cold of her skin. Also, he them told that he noticed the extensive fog that the region was under rolled in the very same day he first met them. Finally, he pointed out that Tvod was a place where the voices of people were sometimes heard but unseen. 
	Soon after her arrival, bodies were mysteriously dragged into alleyways and devoured as creatures that howled like wolves crept in the shadows of the night. Children and particularly men still went missing or worse.  Women found Lita and her friends intimidating. Men found them irresistible, which led to the disappearances of boyfriends and husbands alike. What could the police do? They were competent at apprehending criminals but were unable to find one person who could dispossess the spiritual threat to their daily survival. Werewolves, witches, ghost and vampires, along with whatever else roamed the land dictated the way they lived. People were often so unsettled by the howling of wolves and the Ghost Woman that they refused to leave their homes under any circumstances until daybreak, including emergencies such as sudden illnesses. 
	The three men sat for hours as Captain Novak reported as much as he remembered about Lita and the way she carried herself. All three women seemed hollow. She claimed to be their mother and yet, she looked as young as they did; only more mature. She was clearly their superior and they loved her and followed her advice without question. If what he stated was true, that meant she had to be the youngest looking mother of two grown daughters the world had ever seen. All of the mothers he knew who had adult daughters looked older and in many cases like grandmothers. No wonder the other women hated her. She didn’t have so much as a hint of a wrinkle anywhere on her body. Regardless, no one ever conveyed their misgivings to their face. After all, they were the most beautiful women in the country. When asked why she preferred to live in such a place like Tvod instead of the city, she simply stated that she liked her privacy. What impressed and also mystified Captain Novak and others was their lack of concern for their own safety. No one ever got caught traveling through the forest at night, at least not intentionally. Contrary to the fears of everyone else, they traveled to and from the dangerous stretch of land alone and without trepidation. When people discovered that unlike them, the women didn’t concern themselves with danger, they didn’t know what to make of them. But their apparent bravery drew the male population to them like flies stuck in molasses.  Although the train system was complete and was routed around the forest, many in other nearby towns were unable to afford the price the railroad charged for tickets. Many were just too poor. Most of the jobs they occupied in Ostrava barely paid them enough to get by. 
	After the three men completed their dinner, Captain Novak headed home. He increasingly grew concerned about Laythan wandering into the forest the following afternoon. He was afraid that he too would never be seen again. He and Argyle both tried to talk him into taking them with him but he refused. He was going to follow and track down whatever and whoever was responsible for the loss of so many lives. He didn’t know what to expect but he knew that the mysterious terrain was alive. The existence of such fear and power meant someone was the root cause of it. Forest’ didn’t just have a life of their own unless a vast spirit coveted them. 
	Before he left, Captain Novak expressed how he didn’t want to see Laythan vanish like the others or end up on a cold slab in the mortuary. Undeterred, he assured the Sergeant that he was more than well prepared for his investigation. He and Argyle went into their separate hotel rooms, freshened up for the night and went to bed. Laythan had a trip at least twelve miles long one way. The landscape of the woods was small in comparison to other places. However, the territory was treacherous and had road debris that seemed to be purposely stacked in all sort of ways on the main road, which caused many wagons to break wheels. When this happened the obvious occurred. Twelve miles may not be a huge, but the area was impossible to escape from when people were on foot, especially when sundown was just an hour away. 
	Laythan sat at his window for a while and starred out over the busy city. He noticed that the later the hour, the less people he saw on the street. Around 2:00am, the wind picked up and blew so violently at times that the fusion of human and animal voices wailed through the night. The fog thickened. He slept until he heard echoes of a distant voice that woke him. He was unable to recognize who the vocals belonged to but they formed words. He brushed off the disturbance and went back to sleep. A half hour later as he rested soundly, he was again, awakened very slowly to the reverberation of someone whispering in his room. He thought someone was talking softly outside his door. He was after all, a bit groggy. But the more his sleep wore off, the more his mind cleared. 
“Where is she?” A voice whispered from behind. 
As he lay on his left side he heard someone muttering the same words over and over again very quietly. He slowly sat up on his elbow and looked back over his shoulder and noticed a slight glow within the dark. As he focused his eyes he saw a person standing in the corner of his bedroom against wall.
 “Where is she?” The person implored. 
The image was Sandra Kyolan-the Ghost Woman inside his very room. Her pale, yellow dress radiated along with her figure and appeared wet. Her hair was done up and sticking out from behind her head was what appeared to be three, handless swords with scraps of her dress material looped and clinging from each one. He wasn’t afraid. He was curious more than anything else. He had never seen an aberration like her before. Her eyes were sad. Her arms hung lifelessly by her sides. As he rose slowly from his bed, her form began to dissolve. Before she completely vanished she called out to him.
 “Tell me where to find her!” But her scream, although loud, was weak as though she had spoken from the bottom of a deep well. It was as though some authority had summoned her back against her will. 
“This is getting v-e-r-y interesting,” He commented.
 There was a loud knock at his door.
 “Laythan!  Laythan! It’s me Argyle. Are you ok?!”
 He opened the door to let Argyle in.
 “You ok? I heard a scream come from your room. And why is it so dog on cold in here? It’s freezing!” 
Laythan was so entrenched in what he saw that he failed to notice that the temperature in his room had almost dropped to zero.  He confided in Argyle what he had seen, who in turn, was spooked out of his shoes. He seriously had second thoughts about them remaining in Czechoslovakia; nevertheless, Laythan prophesied that when he returned, all the fear and death that had plagued the region would be no more. Argyle knew Laythan was not a bragger. However, he had no idea how he was able to just say that and expect to get the job done.  Obviously, he didn’t understand that Laythan was not there to irradiate all evil from the entire world. Only God himself could do that. He was there to destroy very distinctive, satanic creatures from that particular place. Why there? Because they were standing in the way of a bigger picture, which meant they needed to be stopped during that particular time to make way for whatever plan Laythan’s creator had.
	He considered the reason why Sandra would appear in his room out of all the places and houses in town. No one had ever seen the Ghost Woman inside any home or other structure. Her wandering spirit was only seen outside in various places on the fog plastered streets, alleyways and other isolated sections. The next day, He wrote a letter to his parents to be sent back by cable. He wanted them to know he was fine and that he and Argyle would be back as soon as he was done with his work. They both spent the day about the city with Captain Novak. At 9:00pm Laythan, parted ways with Argyle as they went to their separate rooms. Argyle couldn’t sleep so he went down stairs and sat in the lobby. Captain Novak joined him later and the two chatted away. Laythan awoke at 3:00am to get a start on his trip. He dressed in his battle attire and packed enough ammunition to start a small war. He saddled his horse and prepared to dispel the myth that evil was unable to be conquered by mortal man. He called on Argyle who was wide awake-much to his surprise. He instructed him to stay behind and stay close to the captain, who also showed up at the hotel to offer any assistance. Argyle was very angry at Laythan when he insisted on going alone. He felt friends were supposed to triumph or go down in defeat together. He didn’t tell him at the time, but he felt Laythan was being awfully selfish and had no concern about his reservations. He accompanied him down to the lobby where Captain Novak was waiting. He had hoped to convince him one last time to accept the help of the police force. His words fell on deaf ears. 
“I’ll be back by tomorrow the latest,” he informed.
 “As you wish my friend. Please be careful,” Captain Novak entreated. 
He looked at Argyle and smiled, just as Gilchrist had done just before he galloped off down the road to his doom. His facial expression instantly changed as he made a calm confession. 

“Trust me; before we leave here you’re going to see blood raining from the sky.” 
They both were completely confounded. They didn’t know whether he was serious or just talking in humorous riddles to defuse their anxieties. Regardless, they didn’t laugh because they didn’t see any humor in the situation and had no idea what he meant. Water fell from the sky like rain, not blood. True, he was a man who had been given power over serpents. He was about to discover just how large and venomous those serpents were. 

CHAPTER FIFTEEN
	Laythan rode his steed to the entrance of the place all the others feared. There were other roads connected to the main street that took travelers around the dreaded area, which also led to other small towns.  For him, there was only one direction for him to go and that was straight ahead. With a snap of the reigns, into the Lost Forest rode the most powerful retaliator of all time.  He had already calculated how long he would take to reach Tvod. He also allowed for unexpected situations. Based on the information provided by Sergeant Novak and other residents, there was over whelming evidence that suggested the strange little village was the epicenter of their troubles. In fact, he was positive that whatever had engulfed the region with so much death and strife had an energy source that was nestled between Strakona and Ostrava. His strategy was to arrive during the night, yet, just before sun rise. Others thought he was insane to search for supernatural entities such as vampires and other ghoulish creatures during the overnight hours. They believed he would have stood a better chance during the day. This way, if he had discovered vampires, he could locate their hidden places of slumber and destroy them. He refused to waste time going on some safari hunt for one vampire or another all over the place. He was not about to spend all night or all day playing detective. The aim of his task was to be more direct by approaching them during the time of their own strength-during the night. That way, all elements of the dark that haunted and slaughtered their victims would be drawn to him as their prey-just the way he planned. If they wanted to see what he was made of he was more than happy to take on all comers. His friends assumed he was going to be in some grand, long drawn out battle that would take seven days or seven nights. They didn’t have a clue. Laythan knew he only needed a short window in time to destroy whatever generated so much horror. He had a plan. His intentions were to arrive at Tvod and go to war with his enemies against the back drop of the approaching daylight which came at approximately six o’clock in the morning-give or take a few minutes. If any escaped his punishment, they would be cornered by his knowledge of where they slept. Once that was established, he could finish them off when they were at their most vulnerable.
	He rode slowly and carefully without incident for about six miles-half way inside the death filled environment. The landscape was such that he couldn’t ride his horse carelessly at full speed-not with the chance of so many traps ahead. Just the same, the forces that protected the main source of wickedness knew he was coming for their souls. Consequently, he was about to experience a gauntlet of lost angels who had become the gate keepers of an evil garden that was ruled by one master-Lita. Just as in the case of those who represent the world of the righteous, there is a pecking order in the world of those who represent evil. Although werewolves and witches were known to often be at odds with vampires, they were out powered and out ruled. Though deadly and angry over their subjection, they had no choice. No werewolf or witch has ever been more powerful than the vampire-nor would they ever be. That is simply the laws of evil nature. They all bowed to her authority. Those same representatives of horror sensed the oar of Laythan’s power long before he reached the midway point of the forested countryside. He had studied the land of the entire region. One area he found interesting was the Forgotten Cemetery-located just off the road to his left. It was given that nickname because there hadn’t been any burials there in decades. The field was huge and the fog allowed only the tops of tombstones to be visible. The inner cemetery grounds were flat, treeless and covered about twelve hundred square feet in all four directions. The fog was not white but rather had a thick, sky blue tint. He had never seen that before. He also knew that that was impossible. All fog was white. He stopped and viewed the contrast between the beautiful low cut grass and the humongous, dead trees that lined the outer edges of the cemetery like giants who were frozen as black wood. At the end of the burial grounds was a gorge with a river that ran below. The cliff had a two hundred foot drop. Great, jagged rocks protruded out of the water like giant knives. The exit roads that lead to the resting place of the departed only stopped about three hundred feet before the cliff’s edge. To him, this was also suspicious but he didn’t have time to investigate. 
	His surroundings were quiet at first but the further he rode the louder unseen creatures became. He looked up at the sky. The branches of the tall trees he passed under, some thick-some thin, resembled hands with long and deformed black fingers that curved and reached down to travelers with intimidation. A great howl sliced through the noise, which got his attention.  He stopped. His steed became agitated. He patted him once or twice on the neck to reassure him and then slowly rode on. He reached what was commonly referred to as a dead man’s curve, which veered sharply to his left. This was the same location where Captain Novak and his policemen heard the rumblings of horses that never materialized while searching for Gilchrist. Although wide enough for two-way traffic to keep from tumbling into the trees and bushes, the curve made seeing what was coming in the opposite direction impossible. After his horse trotted around the curve he was faced with two charging horsemen. The fortunate few who saw and survived the horrors of this site in the past named them the Death Riders. He eyed them from down the road as they stampeded toward him. Their hair was that of a dead woman-long, black and crumpled. Their gray, clay like faces were decayed like mummies with sections of their skull and cheek bones showing through. Their eyes-a bright red, lit up within the dim atmosphere.  Their horses were black and bejeweled with Egyptian style battle armor-their signature as animals from hell. They were dressed in long black, scale like robes. They had swords and arrows. One even had a sickle. Laythan immediately turned around and rode off at full speed. His pursuers rode furiously with a hellish noise that followed them. Their steps were in perfect concert. However, as fast as they were, they were no match for Laythan’s steed. They lost sight of him around the curve. He reached in and pulled out his hand blaster hook and fired up into the trees. He pulled back on the lever and was snatched out of his saddle. His steed-which never broke stride, rode on without him. He was pulled up into the trees where he vanished. His horse came to an abrupt stop, turned around and galloped back to where he and his master had been separated. He halted and quietly waited for the dead men to approach. 
	When they rounded the curve they only saw the horse, which stood motionless. They were confused and didn’t know where their human prey had gone. They approached slowly. Their intent was to behead the horse and track him down, which they assume would be easy since he was on foot. They did that countless of times to innocent victims. The man with the sickle smiled ghoulishly at Laythan’s horse like some easy prey. When they drew close enough, Laythan silently swooped down from the side like a fast moving pendulum. In one clean swing he sliced through the necks of the Death Riders as their heads flew off. The bottom edges of their necks smoked as though they were ablaze. Their bodies fell and hit the ground. Within a few moments they crumbled to dust as did their horses. Once they were sent back to eternal damnation the power they held over their creatures was broken, therefore, they also were powerless to remain in existence. He descended back down to the ground. He proceeded to yank his trusty wire, which loosened and unraveled. He pressed forward on the lever and the cable quickly recoiled back into the flat box. He patted and praised his horse.
“Well done boy, well done.” He hopped back into his saddle and forged ahead.
	He quickened his pace but also didn’t want to tire his horse out before arriving at his destination. He knew no matter what, he would have to rest and hydrate him. When he reached the eight mile mark he did just that. He wanted to reach Tvod just one hour before day light; although the skies remained gloomy during the day in the entire area. Since Lita’s arrival, the region had received very, very few days of sunlight. He stopped just off the side of the main road at a rest station. The problem was that the post was only a few years old, yet, the wood appeared to have aged decades in that same period of time. Being in the middle of a forest that was consumed with death affected all types of objects and their surroundings. The wood was black and rotted through. Gargantuan, black trees hovered over the station as his horse drank from a pool of water that was on the side of the structure. Every sound suddenly drew silent, which made Laythan cautious. 
	He was unaware but he was in the territory of Simona, the witch. She was not in the same vicinity as him but could still conjure up her spells from afar. She lived in a house near the edge of the forest and she was powerful. A raven flew onto a tree branch and watched him. He perceived that there was a reason such a bird had appeared on the scene just to watch. Inside her house, Simona quickly took a very large bowl of water and placed it on the table. She grabbed a knife, held her hand over the bowl and sliced her finger. Her blood made contact with the water, which turned to a thick, red solution. She then raised the bowl up to her master of darkness and chanted a few words. She walked outside, stepped off of her porch and approached the dead trees that surrounded her home. She poured the contents out onto the ground. Amazingly, the bloody liquid didn’t splatter. Instead, the fluid of her soul eerily rolled out the bowl in slow motion and began to spread out like thick, pancake batter. She stepped back as it began to excrete a sizzling affect once contact was made with the ground. She took her hands and began to fashion a shape that arose from the dirt. A small black tree slowly rose up. The object was a smaller ten foot replica of one of the enormous trees that hovered over the rest stop Laythan was at. She elevated the tree up above her head, which hovered horizontally and high in the air by the power of her craft. 
	Laythan was about to ready himself to leave. He marveled at how many black roses were on the ground. He even stepped inside the station but found the inside empty. He came back outside and waited while his horse continued to drink. At that moment, the forest instantly came back to life with the noises of every inhabitant. The wind increased and whipped up leaves and tree limbs all around him. His main light source came from two large road lamps that stood next to the abandoned cabin style station. He suspected the sudden change in the weather was not a natural phenomenon. Regardless, he didn’t let the conditions faze him. He starred at the rest station’s wood. He reached out and touched the surface, which felt soft. Pieces of wood crumbled in his hands but yet, left no residue or stains. Suddenly at that moment, a strange feeling came over him. A second later, a voice whispered in his ear, 
“Just swing.” 
 There was no time to wonder-to think or reason if what he heard was real. He simply reacted. Simona reared her hands back and flung them forward with all of her might. The tree made from her blood was thrown forward and passed through the others as though like an illusion. The tree also began to grow as the image evaporated from her site. Before he could even see what he was swinging at, he drew his sword, turned around and for a split second, saw a full grown tree over seventy five feet long and over five feet thick. The deadly object came straight at him though the air horizontally-moving as though a great force had slung it like a toy. He unleashed a mighty swing. His blade thundered through the tree so fast and hard that the wood was blasted apart on impact and splintered in two. Dust and tree bark fluttered through the air as his steed leapt clear of the flying debris. He only had a second to save himself from what would have been his death. Thunder rolled through the air and streaks of lightening lit up the night skies. Simona, visibly angered, failed in her attempt to stop a man whose power she had clearly underestimated.  He climbed back into his saddle and continued on his way-only a few more miles to go. The road lamps were installed at specified distances. The use of natural gas lines helped modernize night travel not only in Czechoslovakia but in all of Europe. Nevertheless, travel through the forest during the night was still considered to be suicide. Laythan was thankful that engineers had the foresight to install them long before the haunted vicinities became so dangerous. That type of ingenuity was especially appreciated by him. Fortunately, he was never really lost in the dark. For some inexplicable reason, he was almost able to see at night as well as during the day. Laythan Kendrew was a 19TH century super sentinel and was the very first of his kind. 
	He continually kept his eye on the skies. Wolves in the distant howled constantly. He had no idea how many there were. He knew that they were a pervasive problem and had been for years. He carefully trotted along-glancing up into the sky-past the hideous trees and watched the clouds part. They revealed the brightness of a full moon, which added light to the road. This was good and bad. Night had fallen and he was in the heart of a twelve mile death ride that took him through the living horrors that fed on human beings. He stopped and surveyed his surroundings. He turned about face and rode back a short distance. He sat motionless for a moment then cried out.
“Captain Novak! Argyle! You can come out now! You’ve followed me long enough!”
 After a few moments, two horses stepped out from among bushes. Sitting on them were Argyle and Captain Novak-embarrassed and shocked. 
“How did you know we were behind you?” Argyle demanded.
“I knew you two were behind me a few miles into my trip,” Laythan answered. “I should have known at least one of you was going to do the opposite of what I said-can’t say I expected both of you.” 
“Sorry my friend,” Captain Novak sincerely admitted, “Argyle here decided he was going in to help watch out for you. He tried to talk me out of coming along but there was no way I was going to let him come through here alone.” 
Laythan sighed with a little frustration.
 “Well, too late to send you back now. Hey…thanks for looking out for me you two. 
“Did you really expect less?” Argyle stated.” We had a hard time catching up to so I hope we didn’t miss anything.”
“I’ll tell you about that later,” Laythan answered, and then insisted, “this is serious business-very serious. So if you’re going to ride with me then you have to promise to do what I tell you to. If you don’t, you could get all of us killed, understand?”
 Both men agreed.
	They had no idea what new threat awaited them at the end of the road-if they made it that far. Once the forest had people trapped the elements didn’t let them go. Laythan rode in front of them as Argyle and Captain Novak rode behind side by side. He halted and warned them not to speak. Among all the noise that emanated around them he heard a disturbance that their ears couldn’t. He felt danger approaching. He tossed Argyle one of his hand blasters, which he trained him how to use. He ordered them to take their horses off the road and into the bushes. He instructed Argyle to grab hold of Captain Novak and use the gadget to ascend up into the trees. He ordered them not to come down until he said so. They did as he instructed as growls of four legged beast were heard trampling toward them. He quickly dismounted his horse who without instruction, jumped into the bushes and out of sight. There he was, alone in the middle of a road as animals unseen bared down on him. The unknown rapidly became distinguishable as yellow eyes in the darkness quickly revealed four great wolves around them. The wolves, easily the largest anyone had ever seen, came at him in two sets one behind the other but he didn’t know which direction they originated from.  Perched among the branches, Argyle and Captain Novak looked on-unable to see clearly. Laythan quickly pulled two serrated crosses from out of his vest and flung them down the road-aiming between the eyes he saw within the darkness. He struck two wolves in their foreheads. They fell dead as a hammer. The trailing set leapt over their dead mates and closed within twenty yards. He produced two, sharp hexagram disc’, which he nick named the choppers, and threw them. Each one sliced through both their skulls from the nose up to their head. They squealed loudly before they skidded, flopped and perished at his feet. 
	Before he could take a breath, there was a growl unlike any other he had ever heard. At the highest point of the road, the moon light streamed down and revealed the outline of a behemoth standing nine feet in height. The hairy, hulking figure stood on two powerful legs. The arms were massive and the hands and feet were equipped with sharp claws. For the first time, Laythan had come face to face with a real werewolf. The animal, a male, was gray in complexion and owned a mouth full of teeth that could tear flesh apart as easy as a person could rip a piece of paper. His mighty steps vibrated and shook the ground as he treaded toward Laythan, who refused to step back one inch. When the beast drew within forty feet he held up his hand, then waved and twisted it like the talented magician he was. A match appeared out of thin air in his fingers with some kind of flare like cartridge hidden under his wrist. With ease, he projected the cartridge at his attacker. Laythan’s hand moved with such speed that no one, including the mutant, ever saw the deterrent in he held. In any case, the cartridge struck the upper part of the tree closest to the fiend and resulted in a shimmering like explosion that was almost muffled-like a small fire cracker. The brightness descended downward and turned their immediate location completely bright as day.  So bright that Argyle and Captain Novak were forced to cover their eyes. After a while the light faded. The explosion bloodied and singed the eyes of the werewolf bellowed in pain. Once his vision cleared he searched around for Laythan. He sniffed and finally zeroed in on his coat blowing in the wind from behind a wide tree. In one single bound, he leapt sixty feet and landed behind Laythan who he assumed was on the other side. The muscle bound maniac shoved his hand straight through the tree in his attempt tear Laythan’s heart from his chest from behind.
	His mighty arm tore through the wood with a loud, crash that blasted a hole clean through. Unfortunately, he only drew back a hand full of tree bark. His anger doubled with his frustration. He slowly paced around to the other side. The ground was covered with a thick coat of leaves and brush, accompanied by twisted root branches that sprang up from years of growth. Laythan’s coat was there but he was nowhere to be seen. What killer actually saw was his coat impaled on a dagger he stuck into the black oak.  He looked up into the trees and all around as he sniffed Laythan’s coat. He exhaled another howl that shuddered through the entire forest. Without any implication of his presence, his scream was cut short. From under the leaves a sharp blade shafted him straight up between the legs. This time, he blew out a scream punctuated by sheer agony. The Bone Splitter was pushed clean up as blood spurted out on the ground. Laythan appeared and rolled out from between the creature’s legs as leaves clung to him. He grabbed his sword and pulled upward, which practically split the beast in open from the waist up to his throat. His heart, guts and other contents spilled out onto the ground. The werewolf, although mighty indeed, and a fearful sight to encounter, never stood a chance. Laythan wiped his blood stained blade off on the animal. He grabbed his coat and his dagger. 
	When Laythan stepped back onto the road his horse was there waiting. He put his coat on and called for Argyle and Captain Novak to come down from the tree they were up in. They brought their horses back onto the road. They both looked exhausted.
 “What’s wrong?” Laythan asked.
“What in God’s name is going on? Did I just see what I think I saw?” Captain Novak demanded. “I may be crazy but that looked like a real life werewolf!” 
 “You saw exactly what I saw,” Laythan agreed. “But don’t worry, you won’t be seeing anymore of his kind around here.” 
Argyle admittedly wondered how such an animal could exist.
 “My heart is still racing. I thought they were going to chomp you into little pieces. Don’t ever do that again.” 
Do what?” Laythan replied. 
“Scare me half to death-that’s what!”
 Laythan hoisted himself back onto his horse and waited for the other two to climb up on there’s. Before riding on he cautioned, 
“I suggest you two widen your expectations because you haven’t seen anything yet-but you will.” 

CHAPTER SIXTEEN
	The three men rode without incident the rest of the way until they finally reached the end of the forest. Directly ahead of them was a great meadow that was a long as the eye could see on their left. To their right was a gray graveled road that led to the village of Tvod. Straight ahead lay the Charles Bridge, which crossed over into Strakona. Keeping them from reaching either road to their chosen destination was Simona, the witch. She stood in the open meadow dressed in a black, Victorian dress with white lace around the edges of the collar and sleeves. The dress was designed with a high neck line that complimented her posture and her black hair that parted down the middle. Even at night, the pupil of her eyes gave off a shimmer when the moonlight struck them. A necklace dangled around her chest and the length of her dress covered her feet. This made her statuesque frame stand out and all the more intimidating. Laythan instructed the others to step back a few paces and wait on the side of the road. 
“Who is she?” Argyle asked.  Laythan paused before he answered.
“She’s been waiting for me,” He dismounted from his horse, which moved off the road and stood patiently. The look on Laythan’s face was one Argyle himself had never seen before. He appeared to be more annoyed and aggravated than he could ever recall. Even more, he had never seen Laythan with the look of death in his eyes before. For the first time in his life he knew Laythan wanted to kill and he was going to. 
	Unlike their previous encounters, Argyle wasn’t afraid for their safety. Instead, after what he witnessed Laythan do earlier, he feared more for Simona’s safety. For the life of him he couldn’t figure out why. 
“You two stay back and don’t interfere. This won’t take long.” 
He approached as Simona stood silent. He stopped at a distance in front of her and for the first time foretold the outcome of their confrontation. 
“And I will prophesy to you devil as I have been commanded, which is to slay the serpent that devours the souls of men.” 
He took his hands and moved them upward inside his coat. Unbeknownst to him, before he could reach for one of his weapons, she had already begun to fashion death from the very earth they stood on. The grass covered ground transformed into to sharp needles around him. She grinned and warned, 
“One prick to your feet from these needles and you will not only turn as black and dead as the trees of this forest-you will become one.” 
For a sixty feet radius, he was surrounded by poisonous, black colored needles. Ordinary hard leather or rubber soles didn’t stand a chance. The four inch, enchanted tips of the ground would easily penetrate such vulnerable material. Fortunately, he was not an ordinary man and didn’t wear ordinary boots. He had steel metal plates sealed within the bottom of his soles. He confidently stepped off the grass and onto the needles. Her smug expression lessened as he strutted on top of them-bending their points downward with each step he took. She waited for him to convert to a dead thing-a mainstay-a trophy piece in Lita’s black garden. By the time she realized he wasn’t becoming a gruesome object of the land she helped to maintain, he had already reached into his coat with his left hand. In one move, he flung one of his metal cartridges toward her, which contained chemicals that ignited when struck by sudden heat. When the object was above her he pulled his pistol with his right hand and fired. The cartridge exploded. Down fell a white colored liquid that landed in a perfect circle around her. One of the additives he used in the cartridge was blessed water. The ground sizzled like acid. Any time something or someone holy comes in contact with something or someone unholy there is a violent reaction. For her own reasons, she wouldn’t or couldn’t step out of that circle. He hastily shoved his gun back in his holster. He ran across the needles until he found grass again. She began to move her body seductively in the current of air, which had steadily grown stronger since his earlier encounter with her black magic back at the rest station. She started to move her hands and body as though she was re-enacting a dance for her masters of the underworld. Like a snake that was charmed by an unheard music that soothed her soul, her arms slithered above her head. Her hips swayed in perfect rhythm with her head as she resembled a sensuous, Egyptian dancer. She charismatically lowered her arms to her sides. She leaned forward and opened her mouth wide as four, cobra like fangs hung from the top and bottom of her mouth. She was not a vampire. She was a serpent and before his very eyes transformed into one. 
	Argyle and Novak watched from behind the trees. From their position, Laythan was on their right and Simona on the left. They rubbed their eyes because they couldn’t believe what they were seeing. Her dress ripped away from her body as she morphed into a black anaconda-the largest any human had ever seen. At a length of over fifty feet, the female snake was a gargantuan. Regardless of his ability, she could easily swallow him whole. Still unable to reach him due to the fear of crossing over the circle that surrounded her, she curled upward into the air and gazed down at Laythan from a distance. He held his sword as he stood in defiance of the horrifying man-eater. She sneered and hissed loudly. With the speed of a cobra, she struck out at him even though he believed he was safe fifty feet away. There were two venomous fangs at the end of her tongue. Anyone other than Laythan would have been struck in the face and killed after being bitten. But his reflexes were impeccable. He swung his sword and warded off her attacks. When the slithering demon struck again, he managed to wrap the tongue around his blade until it was completely covered except for the tip. In her present figure, she pulled back as did he in the opposite direction. She had the strength of two hundred men and yet, struggled to free her tongue from a man much smaller in size. He quickly twisted his sword and downward and sliced the tongue in half. Blood spurted out and her painful scream echoed through the forest. 
	He moved to end his ordeal. He held his sword up in the air for a second then stepped forward and shoved it into the ground and held on tight. In an instant, the severed tongue turned white and became alive. It twisted off of his blade-down underneath the black dirt of the earth. Argyle and Novak was witnessing Laythan taking the acts of miracles to a whole new level. Soon after, Simona felt a tug on her tail from behind. Up from underneath the ground came the very part of her own flesh, which snagged her by the tail. The life form-no more than twelve feet in length, began to pull her down into its white-pale body. The living flesh, which had become a slithering killer-split from Simona’s own body, rose up to claim her soul. She continuously bit the life form but her poisoned fangs had no effect. After a few moments, the organism swallowed her scaly form. She screamed out repeatedly on way to her condemnation. She disappeared into a mouth of flesh of her own making. The white serpent crept back under ground out of sight. A moment later, the creature barreled back up from its original hole, slithered upward and twirled itself around Laythan’s blade until it reached the top. He yanked his sword up only by a few inches. When he did, the obedient creature that swallowed his opponent instantaneously turned black and then into dust, which fell cleanly off of his blade. He pulled his sword completely out of the ground and majestically slid his weapon of vengeance back in its holder. He looked up into the night skies and declared, 
“Just as I have said, I have done.” 
	 What Argyle and Captain Novak witnessed should have been impossible, yet, they saw every single moment play out. Had they not seen all of what he did, they would have never believed someone else’s account if they had lived to be a thousand years old. They developed a kind of reference for him the tougher the journey became. Not because of himself alone but because for the first time they realized that he was a servant of a power so high, so mighty and so real that their brains were thrown into total amazement-to the point where Argyle pinched himself hard to make sure he wasn’t dreaming. This was not a game or some theater performance they had dived into. What they observed was real life. When they realized just what he could do, they were humbled as their eyes opened to the reality that they were in the presence of supreme divinity in a mortal man.  
	Laythan’s horse approached and he climbed up into his saddle. He quickly looked at his pocket watch and discovered that he was already a half hour behind schedule. The time was 5:30am. Daylight would cover the landscape in thirty to forty minutes. He had to hurry. He told Argyle and Captain Novak that the immediate dark forces that fed on the people of Czechoslovakia were destroyed. He stated that although they couldn’t see the difference immediately, they would in time. He had to go into Tvod and gave them specific instructions to wait at the mouth of the forest and stay out of sight. They wondered why. He believed he would chase the area’s most dangerous ruling power past their way if they escaped his destruction. The vampires knew that he was coming for them and that’s why those who watch over them attempted to kill him. He divulged that they were the true rulers of the Lost Forest and the other creatures bowed to them as their guest in what was their own garden of evil. He also gave them one more important stipulation before he rode away.
 “This is very important. Until I get back, you do whatever you have to in order to protect yourself. But after I return, no matter what happens, until I say different you two are not to draw your weapons. Is that clear? This is very, very important. Don’t tell me you agree if you really don’t. If that’s the case, I’d rather you two just head over to Strakona now and I’ll meet you there when all this is over.” 
Argyle looked at Captain Novak as they shook their heads in agreement 
“We agree to whatever you say. I don’t understand but if that’s what we have to agree to in order to stay then ok.”
 Laythan shook both their hands with a grim look on his face and thanked them for their bravery and their concern for him. 
“One more trial and then it’s done. I’ll be back shortly,” he pledged.
 He hurried off. They were able to see down the road from a distance when the daylight arose. Novak had a telescope and since the village was only just under a mile away, they could both keep an eye on any activity. For both men, the events happened so fast. Their minds were spinning with bewilderment. Captain Novak and his province had always been subjected to the enchantment forces that made them victims in a confined world of bewitchment and magic. For years that was the case but now, those forces were weakened. Just the same, their mind hadn’t caught up to what their eyes had seen. To put it mildly, they were speechless.
 “I thought I always knew him. Now…I don’t know.” Argyle confessed. “I feel like he’s been someone else all this time. This is all so weird and pretty scary too,”

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
	Laythan rode at full speed but when he neared the large road sign that marked the entrance into the village he brought his horse to a slow walk. He veered over to the sign. Tree leaves and sea weed hung over the old rotted wood. The debris covered the square sign all the way down to the bottom and only revealed a few letters painted on the surface. He used the tip of his sword to remove a large clump, which fell to the ground. Bold, red letters stood out on the old light, gray back ground, which read: 
“Welcome to Tvod.” 
In smaller letters directly below, the sign read: 
“The Village of the Damned.” 
His eyebrows simultaneously looped up and the other down. He never guessed that that was how the name of the village originated. Now he knew. An inscription was added at the very bottom, which dreadfully stated: 
“If you’ve read these words it’s already too late for you.” 
“Humph,” he reacted.
 He had ridden past that invisible point where no one ever escaped from the village once they crossed over. On the contrary, he wasn’t searching for a way out. He was looking for a way to get in-and thereby, keep whatever he discovered within the doomed little town.  He continued down the road as laughter of children became more evident. On his right just ahead was the old mortuary. To add to the spine-chilling atmosphere, the temperature dropped over twenty degrees. Children in the night played to their delight. On his left was a school house that was unlike any other in the world. The structure was like evil itself-backwards, twisted and upside down. The windows were all on the bottom. The front door was at the top where the windows would normally be. The stair case hovered in mid-air–attached to the porch and door entrance instead of on the ground. Windows on the side were also shaped upside down at the base of the structure near the ground. He glanced up at a small pane at the top and saw a shadow move past-highlighted by a lantern that gave off some light. Directly next to the school was a large, dilapidated building that used to be a small orphanage.  
	There were fifteen children outside playing ‘ring around the roses’. He approached carefully. A woman stood watch over them like a teacher during recess. She wore what was viewed as an early gothic dress for educators.  When he got too close the children ceased their activity. Their clear, yellow eyes were like night flies in the dark. They glowed with the devils that inherited their walking corpses. Boys were dressed in little black school suits. The little girls were arrayed in little black dresses. Standing there among them was Joni. Silence fell when Laythan stepped down off of his horse. He had no need to approach any further. The spirits inside them recognized him as their adversary and one who could banish them to eternal damnation. The expression on his face was stern and dangerous. They all ran and huddled around their young female guardian. They clung to her and hissed like a group of lizards or cats at the sight of a dog. Their little fangs were bright and perfect. The woman reminded Laythan of a dead librarian with her hair pinned up with a pony tail. She quickly glanced down at the children. They understood her unspoken order and obeyed. They ran inside the old building with the speed of a grownup. He approached as to give chase without running. As he closed in on the young lady, she spoke to him in a thick German ascent. 
“What do you want here?”
 He remained silent and instead, reached for his sword. The very noise of the steel blade sliding from his holder struck fear in her soul as her widened eyes illustrated. She quickly reacted and stretched out her hands toward him as he swung in an attempt to sever her in half at the waist. But she vanished right in front of him and his blade caught only the air as her empty dress fell to the ground amongst the fog.
	He quickly ran into the front door of the old orphanage. He sensed no one. Just the same, he heard what others couldn’t. He detected the footsteps of many people. He ran back outside. He spotted figures further down the road.  The young guardian and the children were bolting across the graveled street and into the former state mortuary. The night fog hid them enough to the point that they looked like shadows. He continued further into the town in order to track them. Once he reached a certain point he saw the outline of a woman glaring at him through the fog. He had no idea who she was but she recognized him immediately. Perhaps from the famous war they had fought before the second world age came into existence. The war she and her master had lost in a prior dimension, which ultimately resulted in their banishment from paradise.  The mysterious woman was none other than Lita Reznik herself. Like any close community, houses lined the main road and other streets throughout the village. However, these homes were inhabited by the dead. Most of the young vampires slept in the mortuary.
The fog swirled around his ankles as she stepped out into the middle of the road. She exhaled with one hand under her chin-as though to blow him a kiss. Quite the opposite, she blew him a kiss of death ten times over. The wind pushed and rolled the fog quickly uphill toward him like waves of water that struck the shore. The thick mist reached him but was blue and up to his knees. She looked at him with utter contempt for his very presence. He felt death all around him but didn’t panic, nor did he re-draw his sword right away. Clothed in a red robe with black trim, she waited for her power to overtake his. He looked down and waited. Up from the fog rose ten male vampires with claws as long as a witch and eyes as black and empty as their souls. They erected and formed a perfect circle. They all moved as one and closed in on him with the intentions of dragging him away with their teeth buried into his flesh. No doubt, this was the same way Captain Bednar and his men met their end. In one single maneuver Laythan drew his sword. Within the time of one second he turned around in a complete three hundred and sixty degree circle. As he did, his blade made contact with ten necks. Off of those necks ten heads were severed as ten bodies hit the ground. The instant they did the fog rolled back toward Lita like the tide of an ocean going back out to sea. He quickly placed his sword back into his holder. The lifeless bodies of the vampires decayed and turned to dust soon after. 
“Ashes to ashes, dust to dust,” he remarked.
Even Lita was amazed at his speed and deadly accuracy. To appreciate how fast Laythan could move, one has to understand the natural the laws of physics. The speed of sound travels at seven hundred and sixty eight miles per hour. The speed of light travels six hundred and seventy-one miles an hour. Laythan was able to move a second faster than the speed of light. This was not done by his illusions. This was done with the raw power he possessed. At times, trying to keep up with him in a fight was like trying to move faster than the blink of his eye. His quickness was such that he often appeared as though he were in two places at once. He climbed back on his horse and headed down the street to finish what he started. Once the infamous and feared ghosts of Tvod were eliminated the region would be free from them once and for all. When a warrior like Laythan came along they never returned to the place he chased them from. They remained on the run until he caught up with them.
	He arrived at the front of the old mortuary. The place was a mess. The building appeared abandoned. He patted his steed a few times to steady him. He never had to tie him up for fear he would run off. He was no ordinary man and he was provided with and extraordinary animal to take into battle. He noticed Lita’s black carriage of death parked further down against the building-almost seem less in the fog. 
“What a piece of garbage,” he said to himself. “Then again, what do you expect, this is the place of the living dead.” 
As he stepped forward to walk up the five steps leading to the front door a power surged struck his body so hard he became slightly woozy for a second. He froze just for a moment. Afterward his reaction told the story of a new discovery. He put forth his left hand and it disappeared before his eyes. He drew his hand back and observed no change. He repeated the process but this time reached in all the way up to his arm pit. He starred at the building and studied the structure intensely. He blinked long and hard in what was a quick mental lapse into concentration. When he re-opened them, the seal of invisibility to a dimensional illusion was revealed. The old mortuary was only a false image that masked what truly lay beyond the facade. He walked through the line between illusion and reality. He stepped out of the night sounds and wind and into silence and serenity. He viewed his surroundings. He was inside a grand palace. There he stood, inside the very dining hall of the world’s most ruthless vampire. The mortuary had long been destroyed, gutted and torn down. However, to provide iron clad cover, Lita conjured up the illusion of the run down structure for protection as they slept. She knew that even if visitors had the stupidity to enter the village they, as most people, would never; ever set foot in an old run down, haunted looking mortuary. 
	He was surrounded by great works of art. There was a long dining table that could easily sit seventy people on each side. The floor was hard marble. The color of the carpet the table rested on was blood red. The entire room was decorated with red, black and other shades. He ventured in and paced toward the table. He looked up on the wall and beheld a painting of Lita. The silence irritated his ears because it was as though he was deaf. A voice echoed from the enormous structure accompanied by whispers at the beginning and end of each word. The voice belonged to the master of all the undead and her sentences sounded so ghostly that a lesser person would have developed chills that would have frozen the blood in their veins. He kept his hand near his sword. Out of thin air she appeared behind him. 
“You’re the very first to voluntarily enter my dimension-one I’ve created with my own thoughts, and my own hands. A place where I rule and rest in total safety.”
 “I’m finally glad to meet you,” he answered. “You’re the other ghost woman. You’ve caused a lot of damage.” 
 “All dead things are ghosts,” she spoke-this time from behind-again. He quickly turned around. This was her way of showing off and taunting him. She had no idea that no matter how fast and slippery she was he could stay one step ahead of her when he really needed to. 
“I’m impressed by how far you’ve come,” she said with flattery. “But your journey ends here. Once a person enters my village, my…home, they can never leave. They belong to me and so will you.”  
He smiled as she tilted her head with a baffled look.
“You belong to the devil. And that’s where I’m going to send you-back to your master.”
“Yes. But the question is can you send all of us? I doubt that very much.”
 He looked toward the table and the wall behind it, which beheld the painting of her image. Through the wall emerged a hoard of female vampires-all young and beautifully arrayed. Their eyes that had bewitched many under their spell were irresistible and usually impossible to turn away from. They smiled as some, barefoot and dressed in sheer white gowns that hugged their hour glass figures, moved toward him and began to surround the table and the dining hall. As far as he could count there appeared to be fifteen or so.
 “They are the fairest in the land no doubt. Each one will take your power- your life. But I will take your soul when they are done with you,” she threatened. 
He had seen her best. Now the time had come for him to show off his dominance. 
	He pulled what appeared to be a large match from his coat as the first vampire was nearly him. He raised and his hand and flicked the small flare like object. A small detonation took place but in reverse. A cloud of smoke filled where Laythan stood. When the vampire reached him all she grabbed was smoke. Lita stretched her mouth wide and revealed her fangs out of irritation. She leapt backward onto the wall behind her. She stuck to it and hung there like a fly as her hands remained flat against the surface. She surveyed her surroundings-anticipating his emergence-though from where she knew not. Some backed up against the wall and near the red curtains that hung over the entrance into her dining hall. After a few uneasy seconds, a long blade penetrated the back of one of her vampires and made a loud swishing sound as it exited her chest. She screamed. Once he pulled the blade from her body she immediately fell to the ground-extinguished. Lita looked and saw him behind her servant as she fell to her fate. Before she hit the floor he dashed off toward the others who surrounded him at the table. Unfortunately for them, he moved so fast that he literally appeared like a blip on an aviation radar screen-there one second and gone the next. He cut six more in succession right down the line where they stood. He appeared behind some others and beheaded them as Lita watched-refusing to believe what he was accomplishing in her dimension. One by one they fell. Her eyes could hardly keep up with him. At one point her head shifted back and forth in confusion because she was sure there were two men killing off her servants instead of one. One could argue that he was made of three parts of magnificent skills. One part spiritual, one part illusionist and one part of natural ability. All three of these attributes made him the first real, super human man since Samson.
	Sensing she was next, she leapt from the wall. Although she was a second early and he was a second too late, he swung his sword at her and cut her across the side and part of her torso. She growled in pain as she crashed to the table. She held her side. Her red robe simmered as though the material was on fire. He hurried and leapt onto the table as she jumped off and dropped to the floor. Before he could react a hand crashed up from beneath the top and grabbed his leg. The hand belonged to her. She was not about to back down from a mortal. She yanked him down in an attempt to pull him through the table. He stopped short on his right knee. As he regained leverage he grabbed his sword by the handle and shoved the blade straight down. He heard her scream as his sword once again penetrated her flesh. Yet, she refused to let go and held onto his ankle. He swung and sliced her hand off and kicked the limb to the side. 
	With a roar of thunder, the table was tossed upward and flung against the same wall she had clung to only moments before. To avoid being crushed between the wall and the table, he quickly jumped off to the side, did a flip off the wall and landed on the floor. She stood at the other end as the table smashed against the wall and fell into thousands of pieces. She held up her arm for him to see as her severed hand grew back from out of her wrist. At that moment, Lynette and Lisa came to stand by her side out of the dark that filled the entrance to her palace. She smiled, which made him wonder why. He didn’t have to wait long for an answer. The pieces of table debris hit the floor and as they did, transformed into what became thousands upon thousands of scorpions and every type of venomous snake known to the world. They quickly began to fill up and cover the entire dining hall floor and left him no escape. She stood just a stone’s throw away and yet he couldn’t get to her. The curse her dimension had conjured up in her defense were scattered everywhere. Thousands of broken table pieces, large and small, became untold numbers of the world’s most hideous and deadliest insects and serpents.  Scarabs and other venomous creepers slithered and crawled toward him, which gave him only moments to react. One bite or sting from one of them was sure death. She delighted in his reaction. Laythan was as brave as any man. But, since he was a child, he hated things like frogs, rodents, insects, scorpions and snakes. They always gave him the willies. He even hated large worms. She simply got lucky in her latest method of attack because no vampire-not even Satan himself could read a person’s mind-except for those who were in league with them. After an initial response of disgust, his expression changed. Instead of a look of defeat he developed a look of fearlessness and determination. He remained as calm as Lita because he knew something she didn’t. He was not going to die. Her cursed creatures came within a foot of crawling up his boots. He took his sword and twirled it in his gloved hands like a baton. He twirled so fast that his sword resembled a wheel spoke that moved at great speed. He flung his weapon straight up into the air-spinning in a circular motion like the blades of a modern day helicopter. As the slithering creatures crawled up his boots his sword made impact with the ceiling of her palace. A loud booming sound ensued, which shook the very dimension and foundation of her home. A blast of light and flames-brighter than the sun filled their entire surroundings. Lita and her children cried out at the top of their lungs as they covered their eyes and more importantly, their faces. After ten seconds or so, the light subsided and Laythan’s sword came falling back to him, which he caught in his hand. Despite their attempts to shield themselves their eyes stung. Blood flowed from them and trickled down their faces. 
“Take the children, hurry,” she ordered-then looked down at the floor completely astonished. All the creatures that had been sent to devour him inside out were burned to a crisp and sizzled from the smoldering fire that Laythan had called down to sear them. Their shapes were hard and brittle as heaps of them were burned so badly that they resembled charcoal. Lita struggled to maintain her vision though painful and bloodied her eyes were. He approached. She stretched her hands out in front of her-then quickly drew them back and pressed downward as though to wipe a stain from her body. Her red robe changed to black as did the rest of her. Only her eyes glowed as she transformed into a mere shadow and slid away into the darkness. He hurried toward the exit and back through herself imposed illusion and out into his world. As he stepped onto the porch her black carriage sped past him in route to her escape.  Inside, he saw a host of children as they sat with the takers of their lives. A death rider whose his face was completely covered drove her six horses with great urgency. 
	His steed galloped over to him. He hopped on and took off in pursuit. The fog gave a certain amount of cover for Lita who peered out the window; still, she began to worry. She could feel the night slipping away. Very soon, daylight would be present. She had to somehow reach the refuge of the people she had under her spell in Ostrava and other countries as well. They could hide them in some kind of container-somewhere until sundown. This was absolutely crucial. No vampire, no matter how powerful, could survive under the light of day. 
	The twilight leisurely began to creep up from the other end of the sky.  As they hurried, Lynette gazed at Lita with great distress and pleaded,
 “What’s going to happen to us?”
 Calm and always in control, Lita, who sat across from her, starred out the window-seemingly to have no answer. The look on Lisa’s face clearly indicated just how frightened she was. She didn’t want to die. Lita gave all of them a fleeting glance of annoyance as the low glimmers of daylight skulked toward the region-and them. The look on her face was interesting. For the very first time her expression conveyed vulnerability-as though searching for an answer to a riddle she had been asked to solve but couldn’t. She discovered that their faith in her was not complete or absolute, which stung her pride. She took her fist as she twitted her fingers and slowly slid them around each other repeatedly. She closed her eyes and concentrated with all of her might. After a moment or two, Lynette and Lisa carefully peeked out from behind the rotating shades that covered the coach windows and couldn’t believe their eyes. The daylight that had begun to approach in their direction slowly reversed and moved away from them. This evil phenomenon flabbergasted them. In all the years they had lived in the undead sector of the underworld, no vampire had ever been powerful enough to interfere with the daylight. Doing this was the equivalent of making the world turn backwards. 
	Lynette pointed out the window and marveled.
 “Look.”
 The others watched in amazement.
 “This will only give us a little more time but we still must hurry,” Lita declared. 
Lynette apologized for her lack of faith.
 “I’m sorry I doubted you. I should’ve known a mother always protects her children.” Lita held her by the arm. 
“Don’t worry. We just have to stay ahead of light and we’ll be fine.” 
She seemed a little worn down-even a bit tired. She had never faced such a daunting enemy before. She appeared to be in shock. She too, existed before the formation of the very world she was banished to. However, during her time on earth no man or woman had ever struck fear in her. For the very first time in her earthly life she was worried and afraid but hid this from her family. She took a deep breath and realized how close they had come to their destruction. She was relieved that she had remained in human form. Had she battled him in the body of some type of beast or animal she would have ended up as a pile of charred flesh on her palace floor. This was the closet she had ever come to her own demise and the feeling was new, unwelcomed and very unsettling.
	What she did cannot be overstated. Many exaggerated tales and stories of vampires who came before her were told and embellished for sensationalism. They were often outright lies. Many low level demons who, like all evil spirits that needed a body to inhabit in order to roam the earth, took the form of vampires and talked a big game. But when time came for them to perform like one, such as manipulate the skies and other forces of nature-not to mention actually halting the progression of the daylight, they proved to be amateurs in the context of a vampire. Lita was the real deal. In a land of light weights and welter weights, she was a super heavy weight. This is what made her and Laythan so dangerous to each other. One attribute they shared was the fact that they were not into posturing or dramatics. Their actions matched the drama that led up to them. Their bite was much worse than their bark. They were both short on words and long on action.   
	The stage coach sped past Argyle and Captain Novak as the driver lashed his whip repeatedly at the horses. Directly behind them was Laythan, who motioned for them to join him as he rode past. They charged off and drove their horses as swiftly as they could through the great meadow. Just as they drew within a few yards of the black coach, the vehicle vanished into the fog ahead of them. All three men came to a sudden halt. He didn’t want to chance endangering them. He knew that he couldn’t catch what he couldn’t see. Besides, who knew what type of traps she had waiting for them. Laythan circled once and just looked on in frustration.
 “This blasted fog!” He snapped. 
As Argyle and Captain Novak questioned him about what had taken place in the village he cut them off and held his finger to his lips.
 “Shhhh!  Hear that?”
 Argyle and Captain Novak looked at each other because they didn’t hear a sound. That changed when the sound of horses rumbling toward them. They felt the ground vibrate as though a locomotive was approaching at top speed.
	The more violent the vibration became the louder the sounds of ghostly voices were heard. Laythan listened carefully because he couldn’t see the vehicle. However, a horrible chorus of lost souls cascaded so loud that whatever approached seemed to be transporting every evil entity along for the ride.
 “Keep your heads down!” he warned. 
No sooner than those instructions were barked out, Lita’s stage coach came charging out of the fog-straight toward them. With the Bone Splitter in his hand, he reared back in his saddle in preparation to strike. She was on a collision course with him, but he stood his ground. When the black stallions drew within just a few yards, they unexpectedly leapt up into the air on the wings of Lita’s iniquity. He swung at the horses under belly and struck two of them. Instead of blood, ashes flowed from their wounds, which blew away into the wind. As they crossed over him three of them changed colors. One changed to white, one to a pale color and the other changed to red. When they hit the ground they reverted back to their original shade and sped off toward the road entrance to the forest leading back to Ostrava.  
	When the ruckus of the stage coach subsided, a second noise from the same direction arose. They gazed up and saw the gray skies full of ravens. They suddenly curved and looped downward and flew closer to the ground. As birds often do, there was one that led them in flight. Argyle and Captain Novak shuddered not because they simply appeared to be ravens, but because they were so large and so many. They re-blackened the skies as a plague of what amounted to millions upon millions, which Lita had summoned. By nature, Argyle went to draw his gun but stopped short when Laythan eyed his hand. These were no ordinary ravens. These had teeth like Piranha fish that could tear the clothes and flesh from their bones in a matter of moments. And their eyes were blood red. Laythan dismounted from his horse. He glanced back at his two friends with a denote expression. His face was that of someone who had a secret weapon. His demeanor was simply fearless. When the fowl invasion neared them, Captain Novak exclaimed,
 “Oh my dear God.” 
 Laythan walked out to meet the mighty flock. This time, Argyle and Captain Novak figured he had lost his mental bearings. A werewolf was one thing-a vampire was another. This was different-even worse and impossible to defend against. They saw no way out. Not even he could reasonably take on millions of birds with a single sword. There was no getting out of that predicament as far as they believed. Their eyes searched all around for a place to take cover but there was none except the forest and they couldn’t allow Laythan to die alone. They resided themselves to the fact that they had come to the end of their journey and people would find their bodies stripped of their flesh the next day. Laythan stood motionless and waited…and waited. When the lead raven flew close enough to him face to face, he swung his mighty blade and sliced the black mutated fowl clean in half-straight down the middle. That alone was remarkable. What accompanied that was even more tremendous. When the huge raven split in two, all of the remaining birds simultaneously split in half in full flight. Ravens that had flown past him and the other two men fell from the skies as the blood and contents of their bodies spilled out and fell to the ground around them.  Those that had not yet ascended and were thousands of feet in the air split clean in half-their bloody insides gushing out from above. The sky was a messy and constant down pour of blood that hit and splattered to the ground like rain. Argyle immediately re-called Laythan’s earlier prophesy: 
“You’re going to see blood rain from the sky.” 
By the time the last bird fell, the meadow was littered with so many dead ravens that they were impossible to number. And yet, to Argyle and captain Novak’s surprise, not one hair was harmed on their head.   
	Argyle and Novak’s heart raced uncontrollably. They had seen many weird occurrences since they left Ostrava. With each trial, each act of Laythan topped what he had done previously. A wizard could not have illustrated more power and authority. And Ostrava had plenty women and men who practiced sorcery. God help them if they ever ran into him. The three men surveyed the meadow. They were surrounded by birds and blood as far as the human eye could see. Argyle and Captain Novak climbed down from their horses and stood next to them and refused to let go of the reigns. They were too nervous to allow being spooked into running off. The last problem they wanted was to be caught without their transportation. 
“What are we waiting for?!” Argyle yelled. “Let’s get out of here and back to town!” Even he sensed another oncoming threat. The wind gusts whipped the field remnants around them in all directions. 
“Laythan! Come on, there’s a storm coming! Captain Novak animated as he pointed toward the grim, cloud covered skies. 
The morning light that struggled to overtake the night was temporarily smothered by the rain clouds that rolled in. But in those clouds didn’t carry any rain. The skies were only a remnant of the darkness Lita had held in place to keep the daylight from approaching the area. Novak held his police helmet to because of the strong wind currents. Laythan seemed as though he was oblivious to their cries for departure. He knew there were more evils to come and that this would be the greatest. 
	Novak and Argyle looked at each other in real fear and frustration. Their nerves were at their wits end. The ground began to tremble. They thought an earthquake was taking place. They were wrong. Up from the fog rose tombstones that covered the entire meadow. They were in the middle of a cemetery but not for the dead, but rather the undead. Tombstones of all sizes and shapes erected from the damp, blood stained dirt and grass. The Celtic cross that Gilchrist was found strapped to stood tall above the fog.
 “Stay by your horses!” Laythan commanded. 
While his stallion remained calm, the other two horses had to be restrained to keep them from panicking. He walked out and stopped twenty yards in front of them. The fog suddenly dissipated. They looked and beheld as the dirt from the graves collapsed into the earth like water into a glass. The rectangle holes deepened.  As the dirt sank into the earth, bodies of vampires rose to the top. They slept with their hands by their side. Although forced up by the grime they slumbered in, their clothes didn’t have a stain on them. The men watched as an entire meadow of vampires raised up like a stiff board without moving a muscle. When they reached their feet, their eyes opened as did their mouths to reveal their venomous teeth.
 “Oh my God…Oh-my-God,” Captain Novak lamented. 
“This is no good,” Argyle added. 
 They both repeatedly yelled out to Laythan who ignored them. Two great stair cases that were unattached to any structure erected on both sides of them as the ground vibrated with like aftershocks. The stairs led to nowhere, so they thought. As the black storm clouds hovered above, vampires that numbered in the hundreds of thousands converged on them as they stood in the middle of the cemetery. Others exited their demon realm and strolled down both stair cases. They were dressed in off white dresses, black gowns and other Victorian and European style clothes. One by one they came. Argyle and Captain Novak cried out for Laythan so hard that they strained their voices. 
	As a parting gift, Lita unleashed from her dimension-an army of undead to overtake and destroy the entire region until there would be no one left. As the lost spirits demonstrated their show of force, Laythan turned to his friends and gave them an order.
 “Just stand still.” 
With all of the noise that deafened them he didn’t yell, and yet, his voice carried through the clatter and confusion as though he had spoken with the force of a thousand people. Instantly, something inside both of them clicked-finally. Their fear of death disappeared. They developed faith. They were calm and observed the acts of their friend. When the first wave of vampires closed within fifty feet, Laythan simply touched the handle of his sword. Some vampires all gasped in hesitation as others continued on. That was because many of them recognized Laythan from their battles in the previous earth age before man and the world was made into flesh.  To everyone’s surprise, he didn’t swing at anyone or strike the ground. He simultaneously re-drew and raised the Bone Splitter toward the skies and fell down on his left knee. A great silence fell over the meadow.  The constant blustery weather was vicious but instantly ceased. 
	Heavy rolls of thunder emanated from the direction of Strakona. A new wave of clouds-blacker in shade a shade, pushed in as lightning and thunder grew more violent. Before the vampires reached them, a series of lightning strikes blasted them to ashes. When clouds finally covered the meadow lightning strikes multiplied by a number so fast that no man could calculate them. The three men stood still as lightning bolts flickered down by the thousands and struck precisely every vampire in sight. The electric fire destroyed every tombstone and object in sight. Concrete was blasted apart and shattered into pieces. Laythan stood up, placed his sword into his holder and watched in triumph as powers that easily outmatched those of his adversaries was on full display.  The stair cases on the either side of the meadow which lead to the dimension of the dead were reduced to rubble. In just a few minutes, what evil had taken years to build and corrupt in what were once the most beautiful areas in the region, was destroyed. Before Laythan left, he sensed one last presence. Amidst the smoke filled air appeared again, the ghost woman, the last survivor of a place that she could no longer haunt. She glided aimlessly toward Laythan without taking a step. 
“Where can she be?” She murmured repeatedly. 
She stopped and hovered in front of him. She was spirit and yet, with the glow of her vanilla, colored dress was not as transparent up close. Her body had substance. He didn’t draw any weapons on her. She asked him once again. 
“Where is she? I’ve been searching for-”
 “Rest!” He stretched out his hands and ordered before she completed her words. 
 “Can’t find her…can’t find her,” she mourned holding her hands to her chest. “Just tell me where she is-please.” 
“She’s in paradise waiting for you,” he disclosed. 
And yet, it was as if the two worlds that separated them made understanding him difficult. And so she pleaded to him once more.
 “All I want is to see her. Help me find her.”
 “Sandra, only when you leave this world can you see her in the next.” 
He approached but remained six or seven feet away.  He gradually motioned his hand toward her-as though to push her away. 
“Rest…rest,” he softly whispered. 
His words finally took control of her body. She placed her arms at her side and became ridged. She then locked her hands across her abdomen and closed her eyes. Afterward, she slowly slanted backwards until her form vanished into the ground. He walked over to the spot where she faded away. He was saddened for her. All those years she wandered in the region where her Eda was killed. Thankfully, she was sent to find peace, happiness and her daughter. 
“So ends the journey of the ghost woman,” he said solemnly. 
 He turned back to his two friends. 
“What a shame. She lost the only person that meant everything to her.” 
“And now?” Argyle enquired. 
“She’s with her as we speak. And they will never, ever be apart again.” 
“Whew!” Captain Novak reacted as he placed his trembling hand on his forehead. “I’m sorry. This has all been quite a shock for my brain and my nerves to absorb. You’ve destroyed a field of vampires and even now, you disperse a wandering spirit and reunite her with her child.” 
“I understand. You’re minds will adjust in time,” Laythan promised.  
	He calmly walked back to his horse. He stepped up into his saddle and started toward the forest as the other two followed. He paused just for a moment and looked around at all the damage and destruction. He had accomplished what he needed to up to that point with just a sword. As they hurried back into the forest the black and gloom covered trees and other grim surroundings began to revert back to their original form. Roses were red again, flowers bloomed. The grass was green and birds were actually heard chirping for the first time in years. Trees that resembled bewitched, disfigured postures of humans with a crow or raven’s head reverted back to their treelike form. Lita’s playground-her garden of evil was no more. 

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
	The three men gave chase as rapidly as they could. They needed to gain ground on Lita since she was afforded a head start. The daylight above was on her heels and there was ample help waiting for her in Ostrava. No one dared interfered with those who had given her their loyalty, service and souls in exchange for immortality. She employed servants all over the continent-from all walks of life. Because of their vanity and fear of growing old, women made up far more of her subjects than men. Those men who did serve her were often from the shipping industry. This allowed her safe passage and a way of escape from one nation to the next during crises. Her hold over those both willing and unwilling was in no way diminished. People who volunteer to do the bidding for the depraved are always the source of energy and power that entities like her feed off.
	When the men drew near the end of the forest they were stunned to see Lita’s stagecoach parked sideways across the road. This sight even threw Laythan off for a moment. However, she wanted them to catch up with her. She reasoned that If she didn’t get rid of him right there-that day, she would be looking over her shoulder for years to come. She couldn’t have that. As they approached, her horses sped off down a side road that led to the gorge just beyond the Forgotten Cemetery. They made a sharp, right turn onto the road in pursuit. The rays from the morning light became more prominent. Laythan was not at all too sure about the distance from the field to the edge of the gorge’s cliff.  Lita was approximately three hundred feet from the edge. They expected her to stop because there was nowhere else to go but down. As her death rider drove the horses ever more furiously, they reached a point where they unexpectedly leapt up into the air-just as they had done back at the meadow. The driver released the reins and was unseated as he and the vehicle glided through the air like some sort of ghostly mirage. Lita’s power held him in place in mid air as he again grabbed the reins on the way down to the river below. Before their very eyes, the entire coach vanished into the fog covered ground accompanied by a horrid scream that rippled through the air. They pulled back on their horses, who screamed as they came to a sudden stop.  With their adrenaline flowing at a high level, both men asked Laythan how they were going to catch her when she probably descended back down to hell. He dismounted without answering. Captain Novak struck his saddle out of frustration. 
	Laythan walked about ten feet ahead and stopped. The bluish mist, although low, bothered him the first time he noticed it on his way to Tvod. 
“Sometimes, what we see is not always there,” he proclaimed.
 He stretched out his hands and a strong wind blew and parted the fog from left to right down the middle- away from the ground and all the tombstones. Once the substance cleared they found themselves just a few feet away from the edge. Lita hadn’t vanished into the ground. That particular part of the road was just an illusion. Her stagecoach actually went over the edge-where, was another matter. There was no sign of her at the bottom of the gorge. One fact was certain. Her intent was to lure them into going over the cliff when they thought they were on solid ground.  Argyle and Captain Novak swallowed hard and dropped their heads. They realized how close they had come to leaping to their deaths. Without Laythan, they wouldn’t have stood a chance against any of the forces they had come face to face with. He could see a person’s next move one or two steps ahead. He insisted that she was fleeing the country and had to be located or she would get away.
	When they reached Ostrava they hurried to the telegraph office. Laythan sent worldwide cables to every single port and train station there was in service. He used a blanket of look outs from all over the world. He understood that her coven-her family, if you will, would have to travel by train and by sea to reach another country in order to hide. He had to prevent that. Captain Novak reported back to the police station to check on duties he needed to fulfill. His fellow officers were extremely glad to see him alive. They demanded to know how all three men accomplished what others before them couldn’t. He didn’t know where to start- he was tongue tied. He told them he didn’t have time to elaborate but even if he did, they would have never believed him anyway. He corrected them immediately and proclaimed that he hadn’t done one act that save anyone and instead, owed his survival to Laythan.
	All three men were tired but high on adrenaline. They freshened up and ate. Laythan paced back and forth in his hotel room and discussed their next move. He wanted to be ready to leave at a moment’s notice in case he received word that Lita was spotted. He mentioned the fact that he saw a little boy who fit Joni’s description. After packing, he and Argyle paid their bill in full in case they had to leave immediately. Captain Novak suddenly realized that his participation was over. Although nerve wrecking, being around his new friends provided a source of excitement. The feeling was intoxicating. He wanted more. Unfortunately, his life was in Czechoslovakia. Compared to his latest experience, returning to life as a police captain was a boring let down. 
	Laythan realized how much of a friend Captain Novak had become. He risked his own life to accompany Argyle to make sure he was safe. Laythan thanked him for that. He felt indebted to him for his help and his friendship. Captain Novak offered to help further. Both men wanted him to remain in the hunt but were concerned that his job would be in jeopardy if he went off in pursuit. In any case, he was desperate. He had to think of something-any excuse to be able to remain with the chase. He openly asserted that Captain Bednar and his men were killed by the person they were after. As the new captain, that meant he had the right to pursue their killers as far as the law allowed. Argyle and Laythan grinned at his cunning and convenient enforcement of Czechoslovakian law-especially since this provision had never actually been executed since the day the policy was put on the books. Be that as it may, Laythan agreed. Captain Novak cabled the Secretary of Law Enforcement and explained the situation to him and asked for a leave of absence to pursue Lita as a possible mass murderer wanted for questioning. The Secretary disagreed. He preferred to let other authorities track her. He liked Captain Novak. In fact, he was his favorite young star in the state’s police department. He needed him at his post because he was a great officer. When Captain Novak received his answer the wind was taken out of his sale. He was very disappointed. He just felt he was meant for greater things. At times, he felt his talent was being underused.  Laythan felt the same way and decided to get involved, which demonstrated just how much influence and power he wheeled in society regardless of what country he was in. He sent a cable to the State Secretary and told him who he was and why he needed Captain Novak’s help. He promised to pay all his expenses for his travels. The Secretary responded a short time later reversing his decision. He also informed Laythan that the state would cover the cost of Captain Novak’s travels since he was on official business. He was one of their most famous officers and wanted him returned safe and sound. He was special to Captain Bednar, who was a father figure to most of his men. Laythan assured The Secretary that every precaution would be taken. To say that Captain Novak was impressed was an understatement. He went home to pack and notify his family. He wasn’t married but did have a girlfriend. For his piece of mind, his parents lived in Prague along with his siblings. He updated them on his involvement. Off course, he made the situation sound as non-threatening as possible so they wouldn’t worry about him. Laythan charged both men to keep all that they had seen to themselves. They concurred. Besides, they never thought for a second that anyone else would believe them anyway.
	At 6:00pm., as Laythan and Argyle waited at the hotel, an urgent message was rushed to him by the Cable Master himself. His worldwide business and social connections had paid off. Some of his associates at a train station in Prague noticed a group loading sixteen coffins on one of the cars-an unusual amount. The train was bound for Germany. During a war this wouldn’t have raised an eyebrow, but there was no war at that time. Barring some catastrophe, which hadn’t occurred, the transportation of such a large number of adult and child size coffins raised suspicions. Laythan gave strict instructions to his contacts. In no way, shape or form, were they to do anymore than observe. Vampires were too dangerous for any mere mortal to tangle with. This meant the train would have to head north to the Mecklenburg-West Pomerania territory. The final stop was the city of Rostock-located just on the tip of the Baltic Sea. They promised to contact him when the group of men and the coffins exited the train. Until then, they kept up surveillance. Wherever the coffins went, Laythan was sure to follow. 
	Novak took a taxi carriage back to the station to complete some last minute business and leave instructions to the Acting captain he chose to serve in his absence. There was a case involving a woman who was suspected of poisoning her husband to death. He wanted to make sure his officers handled the case properly. The bottle of poison was on Captain Novak’s desk as busy police activity continued all around the station. A medical examiner was due to test and later announce what type of poison was used. Every object pertinent to the case was removed from the home. Each one had to be properly logged by the officers in charge. Laythan and Argyle was due to meet him at the precinct. They tipped the bell hops and remaining staff. Amid a host of well wishers at the establishment, they were given a warm farewell and were told to return soon. They left quickly. A separate wagon pulled their horses. They would be transported in a separate train car. Argyle waited in the taxi coach as Laythan stepped inside to get captain Novak. As he entered, he saw him speaking with Olexa. She had suffered through a horrible year without her son. He stopped short as not to interrupt their conversation. She heard that they had actually escaped the clutches of the cursed woods. As a close childhood friend, Captain Novak did as much as he could to keep her spirits up. That was easier said than done.
	He explained that he and his friends were pursuing the ones responsible for her pain. He inadvertently made the mistake of telling her that Joni was seen. She immediately put her hands to her face and began to revive with hope. Her heart began to race but he quickly stopped her and explained that he was no longer the son she had given birth to-that Joni was gone. His soul was at peace. However, a different soul and spirit filled the physical void he left. The condemned spirit that inherited his body was able to mimic everything he was-to a point.  She held her chest and dropped her head. Her religious beliefs required the burial of a loved one’s remains in most cases or they would never rest but instead, wander between the worlds of the living and the dead. She implored him to bring his body back. He insisted that he wasn’t qualified to make such a promise. He quietly explained that vampires were not to be fooled with. Since this was the case, she requested to know how and why he was bothering to track them down. He looked at Laythan and simply told her that he was only a policeman but Laythan could get the job done. When he made this statement, he was genuine. One has to remember that he was still in a state of total astonishment. He re-ran every single miracle he witnessed like a modern day movie. Each time he did, he shook his head with amazement. He was helplessly in awe of such power. Unfortunately, the problem in acknowledging that power complicated their departure. 
	She looked over at Laythan who stood in the doorway with one hand in his pocket. She removed Captain Novak’s hand from her shoulders and walked over to meet him. At first, she was afraid to speak. He seemed so unapproachable. She introduced herself and explained who her situation. He was already aware. He informed her that all those who perished, did so for the sake of her son. He also expressed his deepest condolences. She went on to explain that her son’s body had to be found and buried so that his soul could be at peace. Once that happened, she could move on. He admitted that Joni was in Tvod but had since been taken away by Lita. She pleaded with him to allow her to go with them to bring him back. She promised to pay her own way to wherever the journey took them. He immediately denied her request. For him, that was simply out of the question. He didn’t want to be responsible for the safety of a civilian and deal with vampires at the same time. She begged him once again and explained how important his burial was but to no avail. He insisted their journey would be long and dangerous. Besides that, he noted how weak, worn down and stressed she was. The last predicament he needed to develop was his failure to recover Joni’s body, which ultimately would worsen her fragile state. He was moved but repeated his stance. His first order was to kill Lita not perform body recovery unless the opportunity presented itself. 
	She looked down at the floor as he expressed how sorry he truly was. He couldn’t afford to have someone in the way as he attempted to handle his business. He didn’t want her blood on his hands. She humbly nodded and claimed that she understood. Captain Novak looked on with a heavy heart because of how she felt. She walked back to over him. He placed his arms around her and patted gently on her back. He promised they would do all they could to find Joni. She warned Captain Novak to be careful as she embraced him, and then slowly headed for the front door.  Before she left she stopped and addressed Laythan in her defeated voice.
 “Good bye sir.” 
She exited the station and headed down the street toward home. 
“I say Captain, where is that bottle of poison that was on your desk?” Officer Capek asked. “I have to take that to the examiner’s office.”
 “What do you mean? The bottle was on my desk,” Novak replied. 
“Well, it isn’t here now Captain,” 
 Novak sighed in frustrated.
 “Maybe Sergeant Holic took it for his log book.” He glanced over at Laythan.
 “I’ll take care of this problem and we’ll be on our way. I don’t understand- I saw the bottle on my desk not five minutes ago.”
 Laythan acknowledged him as he and Officer Capek dashed off to another section in the building to get to the bottom of the mystery. 
	Laythan turned his head and starred at the door. He thought to himself for an instant. Suddenly, he hurried out outside and looked in both directions. His eyes searched through the pedestrians on the sidewalk until he spotted Olexa. She was near the end of the block. He trotted until he caught up with her. 
“Hey!”
 She was startled as he came up from behind and placed his hand on her shoulder.
 “What is it sir?” she asked in her weak voice. 
“I think you know,” he said kindly. 
“Whatever do you mean?” She pretended.
 He looked around then back at her as he hesitated before speaking.
 “If I take you with us, you must do exactly what I say and when I say. If you don’t, I’ll send you back home on the first train I can find.”
 “Oh my goodness, do you really mean it?” she wondered.
 “Do you understand and agree?” he strongly posed.
 “Yes-yes I agree. I can pay you,” she offered.
 “No, that won’t be necessary. Money is not why I’m doing this.” 
“Then why?” she enquired. 
“As I said before, I think you know why,” he answered and then appealed, “I’d like to have that bottle of poison now.”
 She looked down with a shameful expression on her face coupled with embarrassment. She turned her left hand over and in her palm was the missing and very lethal evidence. She had lost all hope-she’d given up and therefore, decided to end her own life-quickly, quietly and painlessly. She handed the poison over to him.
 “This is never the answer,” he stated compassionately. “This community has already lost a little boy-they don’t need to lose his mother too. While I wait for Novak to find that…bottle of poison he’s looking for, you hurry home and pack everything you need. We’ve got a train to catch. We’ll pick you up when we’re done here.”
 She helplessly allowed her gratitude to over flow; as a result, she lunged forward and flung her arms around his neck. Afterward, she ran off to pack her belongings.
	Joni’s soul and spirit was safe and at peace. Laythan knew that. Still, part of her religious faith prevented her from taking comfort in that fact. He could have easily insisted she believe what he already knew and just move on. However, to contradict a mother in her grief was not his style. The loss of her son had made her sick. Because of that, he didn’t want Joni’s death to end up being the cause of her own. 
	At 8:00pm, Laythan, Argyle, Captain Novak and Olexa boarded a train headed for Germany. His plan was to take a short cut but rail lines were still under construction all over the region. There were not enough lines that provided shorter routes to the same destination. Despite their late start, clearing derbies on the tracks put Lita’s train behind schedule. This worked in their favor. She also sat at the station in Prague for hours waiting for connecting trains that arrived late. This allowed Laythan to make up time and arrive almost on the heels of her departure. Along each stop, they received updates from the stations further up the line. Lita’s train was allowed to stay ahead of theirs by one hour as was customary to avoid collisions. Given the circumstances, he decided that the best chance to catch her would be to remain on their train and take their chances on horseback whenever her slaves decided to unload her and her family’s remains during daylight. The ride from Ostrava to Rostock, Germany was four hundred and eighty one miles. In the modern day, the trip would have taken seven hours and thirty minutes. During the 19th century, train travel was just starting to evolve as a super system. Because of delays and frequently, late layover connections, the ride between the two locations was usually nine hours or more. 
	Once Lita’s train pulled into Berlin she and her family remained on board. Berlin was the final stop before heading north. When Laythan received this information he knew that she wasn’t going to get off until she reached Rostock. He knew that just as he could sense her moves or her presence, she could do the same with him. She sensed that he was right on her tail-and gaining. If she wanted to flee the country she had to go further than Germany. That’s when it hit him. She was going to sail off the coast to either Scandinavia or further west to the United Kingdom. He estimated her move one step ahead-to the point where he knew what she had planned to do. This meant she had to have a sea vessel waiting for her. The only port that was used at Rostock was the Rostock Bay. Boats and ships used both sides of the inlet for sea traffic. The land on the far side of the bay was shaped like a horse shoe. The water was often difficult to cross because of the strong winds and waves that swirled and crashed within the inlet at high tide. The mouth of the Bay’s inlet was also pretty wide. Lita had her own ship docked at the far side port. The black behemoth was a structure no sane crew came near. Cargo from her ship had a reputation and was usually handled during the evening. The men who worked the far side of the port were said to move like zombies. That was enough to keep all ships and businesses from using the docks on that side of the pier.
	The three men took turns staying alert as they received wire updates from the approaching stations. The last two hours were non-stop to Rostock once the train departed Brandenburg. The men were on edge and tried to rest but sleeping was difficult, although they did managed to catch a nap here and there. The Rostock station was one mile from the actual shore which had not only docks but a beach that raced down the sea coast in both directions. The waters of the Baltic Sea were gray and treacherous. Lita’s slaves would have to unload them and stack them on a smaller boat to be sailed across the bay to where her ship was docked. The trouble is the daylight would be up again. The Rostock station had four tracks which allowed for the arrival of other trains in the same or opposite direction. 
	As they sped past each town, the train’s whistle blew as steam bellowed through the night air. Laythan worried that she was going to get away. He hated to influence people needlessly but his case was an emergency. He sprang up from his seat. Argyle asked him where he was going. He said he needed to talk to the Conductor. He found him in the next car and pulled him aside. He wanted to know what their procedure was when a train was right behind another, particularly when time came for them to pull into a station. The Conductor explained that sometimes they waited in place for about a half hour in order to keep the other two tracks clear for other trains. Laythan explained that he had urgent business in Rostock. He pulled out a roll of cash that was an inch thick, more than the Conductor made in a year. His eyes bulged so large that they looked as though they were going to pop out of their sockets. He offered him a deal. He would give the Conductor the money if he agreed to bring the train into the station. The Conductor obviously agreed. He left to go talk to the engineers and instructed them to bring the ten car train into the Rostock station slowly. The town was a bustling water front metropolis. Much of the goods that flowed into Germany came by sea. Most of the ships from Scandinavia and other Baltic regions unloaded their trade products there. Rostock was much like Amsterdam in the Netherlands, which was also famous for a busy seaport. 
	By making this arrangement, their train would only arrive perhaps ten minutes behind Lita’s. The men peered out their windows as 5:00am approached. In about half an hour, daylight would soon be glaring down from above. This was the only fact that eased their minds. They had no idea what to expect next. They would also be clueless as to which way Lita went until they reached the station and talked with Laythan’s informant. Word was given to one specific policeman named Carsten Saxon. He and other officials had met the Kendrew family months earlier when he visited their manufacturing plants to purchase guns on behalf of Germany. Lookouts were at the station and kept an eye on the deadly cargo. At 6:00am, Laythan’s train rolled into the station. There to meet him was Officer Saxon, the head of the police department in the south end district of the town. After brief introductions, He informed the three visitors in private that eight men unloaded coffins and stacked them on a line of large wagons. They secured them with rope and then rode away toward the pier. As the men talked, their horses were unloaded. Laythan thanked Officer Saxon for his cooperation. He instructed Argyle and Captain Novak to meet him and at the water front. He didn’t want Olexa to ride along with him because of how fast he would be moving. And their horses would never be able to keep up with his. Instead, he requested for Officer Saxon to lead them to where he would be. This was necessary because Olexa was in no shape to be on a horse in blustery weather as ill as she was. She needed the cover of a warm, dry vehicle. Officer Saxon agreed and took all three in his official police coach. When Laythan galloped away they instantly felt vulnerable. They prayed that nothing like the events that took place in Ostrava would take place in Germany. 
	His pale, gray steed blazed a trail through the landscape like wild fire and left a trail of dust that was unequal to any sight travelers had ever seen. The speed in which his horse ran was compared to the speed of the iron horse, commonly known as the locomotive.  He arrived at the pier and saw Lita’s flag ship just across the bay. With her family coffins, were a host of men sailing them across. Although the late 1790’s had produced a number of new, steam powered inventions during a time known as the Industrial Revolution, the steam ship was not invented until 1870. Until then, men still used oars and wind sails to travel by sea. Laythan was frustrated. He noticed a vessel that bored a resemblance to a Viking Long Ship but more modern in terms of cargo space. The craft was eighty feet long with spaces for many rowing oars. Surrounded by a water front full of drinking establishments, restaurants and shops, he headed over to a transport business that contained many offices. An older, scruffy looking man was the owner and operated a well run shipping fleet. Laythan bolted in and requested to know who owned the Viking ship. The old man claimed he did. Laythan offered to rent the vessel and his men to take him over to the far side of the docks across the bay. The owner was willing to rent him the ship him but when Laythan pointed at the black ship across the waters he developed a lump in his throat. He told Laythan he wouldn’t be able to find one man who would roar him anywhere near the thing. 
	He also insisted that if he did talk his crew into the job, they would charge him a fee so high that he wouldn’t be able to pay them. He told the owner that he would pay triple what they usually received. He needed as many men as he could find. The owner busted out of the office and rounded up his employees and offered them the deal Laythan had put forth.  As much as they wanted to, they couldn’t afford to turn down the money. However, they stipulated that they would remain in the ship and would not set foot on the dock or Lita’s floating curse under any circumstances. Laythan agreed and stuffed the large wad of cash in the hand of their boss. He urged them to hurry. He jumped onto his horse and rode to the end of the pier as the crew joined him. He tied his precious steed to a pole and left two men to stand guard until his other friends arrived. The seamen gathered and fell into their positions as the ship’s head crewman stood and gave the orders that readied the ship for immediate sail.  Laythan had to catch Lita before her ship sailed. The men shoved off. They rowed hard over the choppy waters and the menacing wind. 
Argyle and the others arrived just as Laythan sailed away. Lita’s ship looked like one great vessel of bereavement. Even the sails were jet black. The closer he got the more impatient he grew. Under the dim, morning skies, he saw images of men loading coffins onto her ship. 
“Hurry!” He hollered. 
He grew more anxious by the second. There were coffins that had yet to be loaded. The men hurried and rowed as fast and hard as humanly possible. Sweat started to form on their gritty faces. One of Lita’s slaves ordered his men to leave the last coffin, pull in the loading plank and shove off. There was no time to go back to the dock and retrieve the container. Their hunter was only moments away. They untied the vessel, which began to drift away from the pier. Laythan gritted his teeth. A sinking feeling developed in the pit of his stomach. Would he get there in time? He made a tight fist in frustration. He was so angry that he wanted to scream and then cut something-anything into a million pieces. Her ship began to sail away out of the outlet before he could reach the pier. The seamen slowed down in order to position the ship parallel to the dock. He jumped off the side and up onto the boardwalk. He gave chase but ran out of room when the pier ended. Her ship was just a bit too far for him to leap onto. He walked back to the lone coffin. The box was very expensive and was constructed for a small child. 
	He approached and slowly undid the latch under the top. The sailors looked on with terror on their faces-frightened of what they would see next. Germany was a place where people took their belief in vampires as serious as those in Czechoslovakia. For years, there were reports of eerie events that kept citizens in fear of everything from black cats to black ships. Then again, they had good reason to be. Laythan raised the top slowly as he held a serrated cross in his other hand. Inside was little Joni. He was asleep and as daylight hovered above he was sure to turn to ashes once exposed. Before he closed the top, he exercised the evil that possessed Joni’s body. He laid the cross on his chest. His yellow, glowing eyes immediately flashed open. The metal sunk deep into his chest as the growl of a man’s voice came from his throat. He grabbed the edge of the coffin as a powerful slew of green smog propelled from his mouth, his nose and his chest. The seamen, though tough as they were, stood and trembled like little kittens as they observed and heard the noise.  They couldn’t see Joni’s body because they were stationed below the pier, but what they heard curled their toes. The devil struggled to keep his re-animated corpse alive but his was a lost cause. The doomed soul was extinguished-sent away without any choice to spiritual damnation. The boy’s body was at rest and could never be used by any entity again. Suddenly, he began to decompose when the light glared down on him. His fangs reverted back to ordinary teeth. Laythan quickly slammed the lid shut to stop any further decay. He promised Olexa that if the opportunity were presented, he would bring his remains back to her. He ordered the men to lay the coffin in the center-front of the ship. None of them wanted to be near the object. They were happy when he told them to head back across the bay. They rowed as though their lives depended on their actions. Laythan looked and starred at the mouth of the inlet. He watched his adversary’s ship sail away.
	The seamen exhibited powerful strokes never before seen as they sailed across the black, choppy waters and the furious jet stream. As they drew closer, Argyle, Novak, Olexa and Officer Saxon stood atop the pier which was close to the shore line where the beach and sand began. Laythan stood next to the coffin at the front as the ship bounced up and down in the restless waters-his face grim and disappointed. His head hung low as he realized that a child had been snuffed out by someone so evil, so unredeemable that he promised his blood war with his first arch enemy would never end until she was destroyed. He thought of his own brothers and sisters, especially when they were Joni’s age. If any event so horrible had taken them away from him he would have lost his mind. They were everything to him. He understood Olexa’s grief and attempted to put himself in her shoes. When he did-the thought scared the living daylights out of him. Inside that box could have easily been someone he loved-and there was a chance that could happen someday if he didn’t destroy Lita. He glared up into the bright streaks of sunlight that managed to slip past the clouds and spoke in a hopeful-somber voice.
 “He that believeth in me shall never die.” 
He gazed back down at Joni’s coffin-placed his hand flat on the top and nodded his head in assurance because he knew that was true.  Olexa watched as Laythan stood as a lone guardian-a pall bearer over her precious child. She knew Joni was inside-she just knew. She grabbed a handkerchief and wiped her eyes and nose. She had cried so long and so much until she thought she was all cried out. She thought that she had no more tears to shed. How wrong she was. The tears of a mother never run dry over the death of her child.      
	As the ship beached further down the shore instead of docking at the pier, she slowly approached. She knew for sure that her son had been found. Unable to say a word, she embraced him. 
“Thank you,” she whispered.  
He caressed her softly on the back of her shoulder. She walked away and continued toward the ship as the men stood by. They realized that she was the mother. They unloaded his remains and brought them toward her. Laythan motioned for them to rest the container on the sand. When she reached the rectangle tomb that housed her precious little angel, her entire life with him ran past her mind in a flash. Like a film documentary, she remembered the day she gave birth to him and nursed his needs both physically and emotionally. She recalled his birthdays, his smiles and his cries during the times he needed her, which she was always there for. To accept the actuality that such a beautiful soul-her own flesh and blood had come to such a horrible end tore through her heart and entire body as easily as a surgeon’s scalpel through human skin. She shuddered and trembled as the pain of her ordeal slammed into her all at once-again. Her knees buckled as she lifelessly dropped down into the soft sand. She placed her hands on top of his coffin. She slowly and softly caressed the top, as though to comfort him as he rested inside. Finally, she wrapped her arms around the body of his mobile tomb and wept. The seamen removed their hats out of respect for her because they saw up close just how awful her suffering was. 
	Laythan’s next move was to have Captain Novak accompany her back to Ostrava and help her in any way he could. He usually carried large sums of cash on him. He gave her an envelope full of currency-enough to last for a year and urged her to take care of herself. He also made her promise that if she needed anything; all she had to do was ask.  He may not have showed how hurt and devastated he was inside for her, but understood that the loss of any child was the greatest pain on earth. So immense was his concern for her that he even offered her a place in Scotland where she could start her life over again if that’s what she wanted.  He knew how much his family meant to him. Her only family was her son and he was gone. He sent word by cable to authorities and informants all over the world. Ships that sailed anywhere near the Baltic were to be monitored and to notify him if they came across Lita’s liner. This was the only way to know which way she was headed.  He told Captain Novak to meet him in Scotland a few weeks later. Captain Novak agreed but only if Laythan ceased from calling him a captain and instead, referred to him by his first or last name, which would reflect their true friendship. None of them knew at the time, but their pursuit was over for a while. By the time he and Argyle reached the English Chanel on route to England to board a train back to Scotland, Lita’s ship had disappeared. Her vessel was last spotted in the open waters of the North Sea-just off the coast of Demark.  That night, a cargo ship that also acted as a Spotter for Laythan, came across her vessel. The crew watched as she sailed along like a ghost ship. As her ship passed the most northern tip of the sea between Scotland and Denmark, her carrier vanished. For Laythan, frustration turned to bitterness at the lost opportunity to kill the greatest vampire the world had ever seen. 

CHAPTER NINETEEN
	October 31, 1888, a wet, warm and breezy night settled over England as the upper social classes celebrated one masquerade party after another all over the country. These parties were particularly long and lively. At the posh home of Joan Upton, a party that consisted of a long list of other wealthy, ruling class society members had gone on late into the night. Halloween was big in England. This was a holiday that they took very seriously, especially during an age when people strongly believed in witchcraft, mesmerism, paranormal events like medium or channeling-communications with the dead or ghost conjuring. Joan by herself hadn’t done much to be considered a part of the ruling class. All she managed to do was bewitch an older man who was a politician. Sir Francis Upton wanted to marry a much younger female and he found one. She was only too happy to be taken care of by a man who had financial security and above all, standing in the community. 
	Her Halloween gatherings were admittedly one of the most active and attended events of the year. There was plenty of music, food and drinks to go around. Over indulgence in any form, especially alcohol can be a mind altering experience that usually leads to dreadful consequences. The kids of the parents who gave such parties-usually around seventeen to twenty in age, found these particular events just as fun as anyone else. They could dress up in costumes and hide their identities and also imbibe just as much as the older adults. They often got drunk and snuck away to ride around Hyde or Regency Park, which had well-loved lakes. Unfortunately, the first of a line of horrible events struck London-events that caused citizens to descend into one of the darkest periods they would ever experience.
	On Friday, August 31, 1888 a prostitute named Mary Ann (Polly)Nichols was brutally murdered and mutilated in the east end of town. Four more similar homicides would follow in what became the Serial Killings of Jack the Ripper. In the beginning, people assumed that the first murder would be investigated and eventually the assailant-caught, tried and executed. Although all five murders took place within a mile of each other in the poorest sections of the city, those who lived in more upscale neighborhoods were somewhat cautious about being out at night. Just the same, such unpleasant events failed to stop the youngest of the upper classes from enjoying their youth and their feeling of invincibility. As midnight approached, Joan’s step son, Edmund, who was nineteen, wanted to take a stroll into Hyde Park with his friends to play their scary little games and drink until their heart’s content. The famous recreation landmark was only a couple of blocks from their door step but she forbad him to go out that night because of her concern over the first Ripper murder. True, she was his stepmother but the two had never gotten along since her marriage to his father. 
	As the guest packed their three floor home, Edmund approached his closest friend Jeremy and advised him that he was going to sneak out and go into Hyde Park-stating that maybe he would run into someone to frighten. Jeremy’s girlfriend, Grace, over heard him and asked to come along. They wanted to play around and take part in activities that they were unable to do at the party because too many people were there. The problem was that her little sister Amy was with her. She was just fourteen but always insisted on keeping up with Grace at all cost. She asked to go with them. When they told her that she was too young and immature to accompany them she threatened to tell their parents what they were up to. They had no choice but to cave and take her along.
	The four of them sneaked away without being noticed and headed down the street. Once they reached the corner they crossed the street and hurried into the park where street lamps lighted the many different paths that stretched all through the park. The two young men laughed as they drank and walked around. Once they traveled several blocks into the deepest area, the wind picked up and the moon that aided their path darkened. There was a rear area of Hyde Park that was wooded, swamp like and contained a lot of shrubbery growth that had yet to be cleared. This rough and green clutter went on for over a quarter of a mile. The ground was very unforgiving and if not careful, a person could easily twist an ankle or even break a leg. Amy wanted to go back after about half an hour. They walked a long distance into places where lamps didn’t always work properly. This made the surroundings bleak and much too quiet for the girls taste. 
	Edmund and Jeremy were wasted and started to ramble on. Grace repeated her calls for all of them to turn back. The atmosphere made her feel very uncomfortable. Edmund taunted and insisted that they were just spooked because of Halloween. 
“All you ghosts’ and evil spirits-come and get us if you dare”! He repeatedly teased. 
“Yes, we’re waiting for you!” Jeremy punctuated.
 Grace tried to shut him up as not to tempt fate. After enough prodding, the boys finally agreed to go back to the house. Much to their surprise, they had wandered deep into the center of the park. They became turned about and wasn’t sure which direction would put them back on the path leading to the streets. 
“Let’s go this way,” Grace pointed out.
 They continued for a short distance and could see the tall buildings of the neighborhood in a distance as they looked up into the sky. Before they could reach the walkway, what appeared to be four young men on four black horses slowly stepped in front of them and blocked their exit.  Even at a distance, they knew that the strangers weren’t there to help them. They sat silent. 
“I say there!” Edmund shouted. “Are you the four spirits we called upon?! 
He and Jeremy broke out into a drunken laugh.
 “Be a good man and give us a lift eh. We’re awfully tired.”
 The horses stood still. Suddenly, one clopped forward in front of the other three. The rider’s face appeared to them as he crossed into the path of the moonlight. What they saw made their blood curl and sobered up Edmund and Jeremy as though the Grim Reaper had approached. The eyes of the stranger bugled from their sockets. His name was William and he and his friends had taken up a new hobby in Hyde Park at night. They hunted humans-for blood, as all vampires did. He opened his mouth and flashed four sharp teeth that sparkled within the dimness of the evening. A loud, growling type sound left his throat-followed immediately by a hiss that resembled an enormous snake. Their hearts jumped out of their chests. They had come face to face with their request-spirits-four of them and all members of the undead society. Horrified, the girls screamed as loud as they could and ran back to the direction they had just come from. The young men were so frightened that they had no air in them to cry out. They panicked, turned and followed the girls in hast. Grace held onto Amy’s hand as they heard the galloping hoofs of all four horses in pursuit. The sound was so alarming that there seemed to be a hundred of them.  So loud were the four beasts’ that their voices were drowned out. 
	Edmund and Jeremy hesitated while Grace and Amy obtained a head start. The over indulgence of whisky had a negative effect on the two young men and slowed their reflexes. Grace and Amy ran only looked back once. However, when they did they saw no signs of Edmund and Jeremy-only two horsemen bearing down on them. Mysteriously, the young men were never seen again. Their lives were taken by the very spirits they tempted. Grace fell once and Amy stumbled over branches and other tree line debris on the lumpy, grass covered park land. At one point, she stopped to help Grace up from the ground after her long dress had again tripped her up.
 “Come on, hurry Grace, hurry!”
 Sullied with grass and dirt, they hoisted their once beautiful flared, oval shaped evening dresses as high as they could within the grasp of their fists to give their legs the freedom to take longer and quicker strides. 
	They believed that they had a real chance to make their escape. They reached a small clearance with one working lamp. Just beyond them was a picturesque foot bridge that stretched across a small brook. This area led to paths that directed pedestrians out of the park and onto the busy streets. They were all the more distressed that they hadn’t come across one person inside Hyde Park since their entry. Adding to their terror, three additional men on horseback sat in front of them-blocking their escape. Their masked were made of a hard, metal like substance as far as they could tell in the low visibility. Their face shields were ominous and downright scary. Their form instilled instant intimidation and fear. The girls halted in their tracks-breathing heavily-tired and almost too horrified to yell for help. As they looked behind her, the four vampires rode up and stopped twenty feet away. The girls assumed all seven men were together. Sandwiched between four vampires and three mysterious horsemen, they held each other and waited for their destruction to come, which they prayed would be swift and painless. 
	One horse was pale, one was a deep, dark brown and the third horse was jet-black. The men sat motionless as the vampires wondered who they were. In any case, more human food for them William assured. With a smile that showed off their perfect, white fangs, they taunted the young females who unknowingly stood in the middle between the sides of good and evil.  The masked men who sat silently were none other than Laythan, Argyle and Novak. They had recently arrived in London from Edinburgh. And this time, unlike when they were in Czechoslovakia, Argyle and Novak were not there just to observe. Laythan held out his hand to the frightened young women and motioned for them to pass freely. They were afraid of him and even more so, the mysterious face that lay behind the gleaming mask. They cautiously approached as the vampires growled in disbelief and dissatisfaction. Grace and Amy slowly stepped passed as he sat on the right end of his two friends. He leaned down and glared at them, which caused them to jump out of fright. They expected him to reach out and grab both of them. Once past, the young ladies ran for their lives. 
	Incensed, William, leader of the pack, spoke. 
“I have no idea who you are-nor do I care. You dare interfere in a blood hunt? You’ve just cost us half of our kill. Since you had the audacity to assist in their escape you three will take their place. You can say your last prayer then come over to me and die gallantly.” 
After a moment of silence the impatient and arrogant young William reached out his hand and made a fist and then drew it back to himself. 
“I said come to me!”
But nothing happened. He was usually compelled anyone do whatever he wanted. He frowned as his three adversaries remained completely still. This confused him and his accomplices. They had never met any human who could resist their use of compulsory. After a moment, Laythan slowly dismounted from his horse. Finally, his will appeared to be no match for William and therefore, seemed to obey. He casually strolled over to him and stood face to face. William figured his spiritual command somehow had a delayed affect.
“That’s right...come to your new master,” he mocked.
 Argyle and Novak remained motionless and speechless. Blood seeped down the chin and into the neck collar of the other two who obviously took a bite out of Edmund and Jeremy, which is why they were the last to arrive on the scene. A smile appeared on William’s face as did his friends who were closely positioned next to him. In the blink of an eye, a loud swishing sound of metal being unleashed sheared through the air as Laythan pulled his sword. He swung once and accurately sliced the heads of William and his fellow vampire’s horse clean off-all the way down to their shoulders. Blood gushed out as the two headless animals fell to the ground-pinning both men. Just as he had severed a sky full of demonist birds in half by cutting only one, he repeated the same miracle to a lesser degree.  Totally unexpected to say the least, the horses of the remaining vampires squealed out of nervousness. They also knew that Laythan was their enemy and was afraid. 
	He stepped toward William who lay on his right side. 
“You fool! I’m immortal!” 
 He raised his hands above his head and quickly thrust them downward and swept himself from under his horse. His power slid his crushed right leg out from under the beast as though someone had tied a rope to him and pulled him out using an engine of some sort. He rose to his feet. His friend still lay trapped under his horse. William stretched out his arm and crouched down. He transformed his flesh into a huge, black wolf. Laythan pulled out his cable catapult but not to escape. He fired at William and struck him in the shoulder. Like most of his gadgets, this device contained a special metallic, oriented pyramid style tip that brought great discomfort to vampires. This caused them to unwillingly revert back to human form. He quickly produced a new, half moon blade disc with a handle on the top, much like a cymbal. He tightened his grip with his right hand and held onto his catapult with his left. He pressed the latch to recoil the cable, which tore William off of his feet and yanked him helplessly straight toward Laythan, who  stepped into his swing and carved effortlessly through the young vampire’s neck. His body continued to fly past as his head fell off in the opposite direction. Not a moment too soon, William’s friend freed himself and attempted to mount a surprise attack. He leapt over the horses and tried in vain to tackle and dislodge Laythan from his weapons. This was all happening extremely fast. Laythan dropped his catapult and half blade to the ground and pressed his wrist. A long pair of spikes popped out of the top of his battle gloves. Just a foot from his face, he shafted them into the vampire’s chest, who squinted in anguish. He then proceeded to shove his hand upward and deep into the young man’s body until the spikes ripped through his skull. He just hung there on Laythan’s mighty arm-like a dead sheep twitching until he dissolved into dust and bones. Before he could clean the remains of his victim off of his arm, he heard screams and horses charging him. He was at a disadvantage. Thank goodness for friends. Argyle and Novak took off and raced toward the last two vampires as though they were in a medieval jousting contest. They were upon the vampires so fast that they may not have seen them until it was too late. The two horsemen neared Laythan but his new and anointed vampire hunters reached them first. Before they could slow their pace, Argyle and Novak unleashed their swords and cut the last set of undead stalkers in two horizontally from the shoulder. Half of their bodies fell off and dropped to the ground as their horses galloped harmlessly past Laythan and into the night. 
	More than two decades had passed since the tumultuous period he experienced in Eastern Europe. He threw out a secret worldwide net to trap Lita but to no avail. This was difficult to achieve to some extent, after all, she hadn’t been wanted for any crimes that anyone could actually prove in court. Adding to the problem was the fact that he was not able to reveal that she was wanted as a vampire. Many, skeptical of Satan’s power or that he even existed, would have been hard pressed to believe that an authority of evil could have produced a creature as cunning and destructive as a living soul incased in a dead corpse once again made alive. The logical conclusion to draw was that she went to hide where there was mass confusion. At the time of her disappearance in early the 1860’s, no place had more of that than America, which was bogged down in a nationwide war. For these reasons he believed her to be in the states. The west was a much bigger country. However, there was a Civil War being waged and with all the mass disorder that war always brings, Immersing herself into society would have been simple to do. According to the results he obtained during his investigation, she did have family located in Europe and other locations in the world. He was just unsure of whom they were and if they were also the living dead. Many events had taken place in his life and all around him. The world had made strides in inventions as the modernization of society and cultures kicked in. 
	He married but after ten years, he and his wife divorced. They tried once to have a child but she miscarried. Both agreed not to try again, mainly out of concern for her health. Their relationship fell into a state of differences that were impossible to repair. One year after Lita escaped, he received the revelation to anoint Argyle and Novak as vampire hunters. They had stood with him and demonstrated great faith and loyalty when their own lives were at risk. He needed help and knew with women like Lita, she would easily multiply her victims and consequently her followers.  In case tragedy befell him, there would be others to carry on and take over the war against the vampires, witches and warlocks of the world.  Although no one could or ever would match his skill and spiritual power, the abilities he bestowed on them exalted them far above those of mortal men. 
	At that time, Laythan hadn’t given any thought to actually organizing a group of vampire hunters. He had two allies and that was all he had time to train in any event. Nevertheless, he had foreseen a day fast approaching when he would need more than three men to battle souls from dark places. That’s when he later formed the secret organization of The Hunters, which he named and established in 1890 and based out of Scotland. He never used the word vampire in the organization’s title. He understood that most people wouldn’t comprehend them as a real society of men who actually dealt with creatures they only viewed in books as fiction. Vampires were real as the air he breathed and the blood in his veins. Not just anyone was fit to do what he did. Not everyone had the stomach for what he sometimes referred to as the game. And yet, he knew that his needs would always be provided for and his organization would grow. 
	The 1870’s and the 1880’s were pivotal in how man, machine and social changes affected world events. Laythan was a man ahead of his time. Great men always are. They see the future in many ways others can’t. He was no different. He invested in the booming industrial revolution that continued to grow and feed the needs of humanity. There was one invention after another and he took full advantage of them. After the Civil War in the United States, guns continued to be a precious commodity-particularly for the lawmen and the average citizen. The Midwest and the Pacific states made up the bulk of his business. He also invented other improvements to manufacturing that put him ahead of all his competitors. His empire would remain on top long after his absence from the earth. By the late 1870’s Laythan was wealthier than the Queen of England. Using the financial standards of the 21st century, his empire was worth eight hundred billion during his time.
	His wealth brought him just as much envy and hatred as it did admiration. Class envy didn’t start in 2008 in Washington, DC at the White House. Class warfare has been around since the creation of souls-albeit under different circumstances. Gilchrist taught Laythan that class envy is exactly why Satan ended up where he did-a soul sentenced to death at the very end. The Kendrews were more powerful than any royal family in the world. The idea that a family from Scotland was loved more and feared greater than the English aristocracy was intolerable to those with their various titles-royal or otherwise. The last two decades of the 19th century ushered in modern ways to live but did not usher in a greater deal of humanity in most cases. The Irish and Scottish were constantly in class and racial warfare with the English ruling class. For years, Scotland fought one Civil War after another with England over issues from their right to possess guns to their independence. Nowhere were the animosity, racism and financial bigotry greater than between the English and the Irish. The English upper class hated the Irish, especially those who had immigrated to London during the Great Famine. Laythan was aware that he was feared and not loved by all. For this reason, he and his family moved to Edinburgh in order to be closer to the Scottish Parliament and the political action that shaped his country. He hated the way England treated the Irish and Scottish as well as every other group of people, which was like third class citizens. With his fortune and influence, he stirred up the political scene and publicly spoke and charged Queen Victoria herself with building and maintaining a wall of systematic racism and hatred toward the people of Scotland and Ireland. Although his statements were greeted privately with pure outrage, which made her indignant, neither she nor anyone in her family would confront him or challenge his assertions publically. With his power and influence with not just people in high places in the United Kingdom but in other countries where he was adored, they wouldn’t have dared to anger him. His empire contributed to the British economy more than any industry in the nation. To piss him off would have meant cutting their throats. He appeared to own every vital industry there was. One word from him and many of the connections that gave London the vitality to function would’ve shriveled up and died. 
	As disliked as he was by many, he was always invited to every important event held in London. The House of Commons was headed by two parties-the Whigs and the Tories. In the 1850’s the Whigs became Liberals and the Tories became Conservatives. These parties were headed by statesmen like Lord Melbourne, Sir Robert Peel, Benjamin Disraeli and Lord Durby. Regardless of their titles and posturing, they were all afraid of Laythan and hated his presence. He knew that just because he dealt with them didn’t mean that he was considered to be their friend. They simply wanted to keep peace at the line between Edinburgh and England. The English knew that if pushed, the Scottish wouldn’t waste time with bombings and other terror tactics as the Irish Republican Brotherhood had done for years as living conditions grew more appalling in London. The Scottish was a bit different. They would simply declare all out war. The English politicians and the heads of their war ministry knew Laythan had all the guns and heavy arms they would need. Because he had such strong support from other places east of Europe, there was a always the nagging fear that he would call on his foreign allies, Czechoslovakia being one-a nation that erected a statue of him in 1952, many personal and business associates, to enter a conflict with them against England. If that happened, there would be war ships and millions of other soldiers’ amassed at the Scottish border ready to attack. For that reason and others, the Queen’s influence both foreign and domestically, died long before her sixty three year reign ended at her death on January 22, 1901.
	One could easily say that Laythan was the most feared man in the United Kingdom. He and his new set of Hunters knew that some way, somehow, vampires had filtered into the region. The four night stalkers they killed in Hyde Park were amateurs compared to those he dealt with in Czechoslovakia. What the public didn’t know about was the vicious homicides that took place alongside those of the Ripper murders. These killings also only took place in the poorest slums of England, particularly in the Irish areas. The problem was that the victims were completely void of any blood. The medical examiners processed the bodies according to the law. However, a serious problem developed when newspapers reported that most of the bodies in the morgue disappeared. The Press, along with everyone else, assumed that for some sick reason an unknown person or persons, was stealing corpses from the morgues. Doctors were quickly ruled out since they had all the cadavers they needed for scientific study. The morgues were locked and no signs of break in were ever detected. This made for even worse relations between the police and the people they were in charge of protecting. 
	It’s not a secret that immigrants received far less consideration and services than their English counterparts. But nowhere could the distrust and pure vicious hatred be found more than between the English and the Irish. Theirs was not only a volatile relationship along financial and cultural lines but religious lines as well. The British, forever and always strictly Protestant, loathed the Irish Catholics and anyone who subscribed to their way of worship. This armed each faction with a mentality that was totally intolerant of the other in every aspect on a daily basis. But the English held the upper hand in all matters, including legal ones. For that reason, sections where the dead bodies of Irish men, women and children had been left to rot in dark alleyways, basements of businesses and homes, fueled their revulsion for the police. Jack the Ripper stole the headlines but for every woman he killed, five more were being slaughtered in and around the ghettos of Irish and other immigrants and the police appeared to drag their feet. If not for the Press uncovering the story of the missing corpses, families of the victims would have never discovered the truth. Many would prepare for a funeral and then suddenly come to find out that their deceased was “mislaid,” as they were told by one medical examiner. 
	These new revelations smelled bad to Laythan and so he decided to come to London and move around. When a report came in about people who were vanishing in Hyde Park he suspected someone besides Jack the Ripper. He couldn’t have been at all those places at the same time committing murders. The police tried to cover these events up because they were baffled and actually had no leads or answers for the public. It was as if those in charge didn’t care that immigrants were preyed upon by some fiend.
	Laythan however, understood. He and his country were locked in a political battle with England, which had gone on for years with no end in sight. Just the same, being the richest person in the world meant that he was never left out of the loop on any matter. He knew how to flex his muscles when he needed a task done in the interest of Scotland. So much was his disdain for the Queen and other hierarchy of the Victorian era that he refused any of their titled names that the she offered to bestow on him-saying that to do so would be viewed as pandering to her, her position and to England. He also knew that those types of gestures were not pure and only offered out of patronization. The Monarchy figured if the public were to witness him kneeling to the Queen that this would somehow translate into his people being subject to her simply because he appeared to be. Problem number one-Laythan Kendrew did not bow to anyone except his mother. If he had yet to bow to her, he declared that there was no way on earth he would ever willingly bow to some hideous looking woman who called herself a Royal. There was only one queen he had ever known and that was the woman who brought him into the world. Anyone else was beneath her feet as far as he was concerned. That included Queen Victoria and her entire family. The second problem was that no amount of condescension on the part of the Monarchy would stop him from flexing his political and financial might in private and in public against them and their allies. He destroyed many reputations and careers of the most influential government and social giants the United Kingdom ever knew. And there were more on his hit list who were about to feel the sting of his power.

CHAPTER TWENTY
	Nowhere was this more evident than the second week of November 1888. Laythan was invited to every dance and celebration in town. He bought a modest, newly built home in Clapham but he also had a residence in the northern section of New Castle. Argyle and Novak also had places in North London. The party season kicked into high gear. Londoners were notorious for their events that started in November and stretched all the way past New Years day. Two of the biggest were held by Lord James Humphries and Lord Arthur Dupree. Lord Humphries had just become the official Senator of Yorkshire after a legal battle to disallow his election after controversy over his alleged voting violations. The occasion was special because he was the countries youngest Senator-following in his father’s footsteps who did little for his district but somehow became wealthy. He learned early that to snub a man like Laythan was not good politics even if he himself didn’t play politics per say.
	Lord Humphries lived in Kensington in the mansion he inherited from his father. He made sure the first invitation he sent was to Laythan. And then there was the biggest dance of all. Just up in Hamilton, Ambassador Lord Arthur Dupree, brother of the Prime Minister, was to celebrate his birthday. Both men pleaded with Laythan to come to their event-so much so until the two got into a heated discussion about which one was more important for him to attend. Both needed to be seen with him for the good of their career and to remain on his good side. They pleaded until he finally agreed to attend both affairs. He decided to attend Lord Humphries dance first, and then ride up to Hamilton to Lord Dupree’s birthday celebration later the same evening. The Dupree family was tolerable to a degree. But Lord Dupree’s oldest son Anthony was intolerable. He was a spoiled young brat who fancied himself a bully in the society circuit. He felt that anything or anyone he wanted was his for the taking, no matter what or even who that was. He hated Laythan’s guts but like all the rest, he feared him down to his soul. Unfortunately, he fell head over heels for a rich, powerful and mysterious redhead who emerged from nowhere and quietly slid right into the heights of English aristocracy. Unfortunately, she considered him an amusing little toy. She was no ordinary beauty and her appearance only confirmed that by her incredible description, demeanor and ambiguity of untold proportions that she was indeed Lita Reznik. Anthony assumed he could impress her, even though she had five hundred times his family’s wealth. Hounding her was a dangerous tactic to pursue. He never seemed to get the message. His obsession with possessing her was a track that was going to lead to his doom if he didn’t take heed. 
	On a breezy Saturday night, Laythan dressed and headed out around 7:00pm to be a guest at Lord Humphries affair. As his private coach rode through the streets of London, he thought to himself. He was in his forties and had no children-no wife. All the family he had was his parents, siblings and his long line of nieces and nephews. As great as he was he had nothing to show from his love life except one broken marriage and busted relationships along the way. He realized that when he arrived back home, there would be no one waiting for him. That bothered him as this realization sunk in. He leaned forward and put his head in the palms of his hands-resembling the posture of a little boy that had lost his best friend. He suddenly experienced a feeling he had often ignored-loneliness. He could have had practically any woman he wanted of any age or back ground. But he didn’t want just any woman. He had only been in love once and he knew what he felt over the years since was not that. He was a man who took excellent care of himself. And even more amazing, he hadn’t physically aged one day older than when he was twenty five. Men in their forties looked sixty during his time. However, he looked as young as any man in their early twenties or even younger. His vitality was unbelievable to all who laid eyes on him. He sometimes had to prove his age to those who doubted him. Most people accused him of having a secret fountain of youth. Others, particularly his male counter parts, accused him quietly behind his back of being a warlock, which explained why he looked so incredibly young. He was the definition of sophistication, class and style. Adorned with the best shoes, the finest jewelry and the newest clothes, he always appeared fashionable and immaculate from head to toe.  For the moment, none of that mattered as he neared his destination. He was still human like anyone else. He felt as though his personal love life was in a state of waste. Easily the most handsome man in the United Kingdom, if not the world, he felt all of this was for not because he hadn’t been able to find one single woman who was made just for him. 
	He sighed sadly and sat back as his horse driven coach pulled into Lord Humphries cul-de-sac. A house servant opened the door for him and he stepped out-dressed in a sharp, black suit. Unlike every other man who wore a Top hat, he didn’t. He thought they looked ridiculous-silly, and behind in fashion for his taste. Women especially, preferred to see him without one. His jet-black hair was too perfect and too sexy to be covered up by any type of attire. He entered the large vestibule. The floors were made of marble-painted like black and white checkered boxes. They shined like glass. Even he was impressed at the size and beauty of such a home. The Butler took his invitation and coat, then immediately announced his arrival. 
“Mr. Laythan Kerk Kendrew!”  
People filled the home. Lord Humphries hurried over and greeted him and then and ushered him inside. He began to introduce Laythan to everyone he could catch. The women clamored to be near him. A host of whispers developed between them-most of them too explicit to let anyone else hear. Women adored him. When he entered a room he stole the attention away from everyone or any event that was happening at the time.
	He remained a couple of hours. He renewed old acquaintances and met new ones. In any case, even if he didn’t know everyone there, they all knew him. He was too prominent to hide his identity. He was a famous business man who owned so many companies they had a hard time keeping track. Before he left, he was cornered by Lord Humphries daughter, Ursula. She was a pretty, bubbly, yet, snarky young lady. At twenty three, her father encouraged her to pursue Laythan, although she didn’t need any prodding from him. She had already made a bee line to snare him romantically long before her father even knew who he was. She cornered him once before in an effort to have him all to herself. They dated once when they attended a theatre musical, not that he was that into them. She was a nice enough girl and had a perky, sweet personality. But like her father and the rest of the British upper class, she was a bit bigoted. If not for that, she probably would have made a great match for him. Except, she had a very possessive nature. That one date gave her the impression that they were an item. They weren’t. He had no misconceptions about who the high class people were. He was Scottish. If he had been any other working class man who wanted her, Lord Humphries would have forbade her to go anywhere near him simply because of that reason.
	As he neared the end of his conversation, he felt the eyes of women starring at his every move. That kind of attention is flattering to a normal person but after a while, can make them feel uncomfortable. Like a red spec or small stain on a pure white dress-it can’t be hid. And neither could he. He began to back away as he said good bye to Ursula but only after she made him promise that they would go out again. Oh there was no doubt, Laythan was a heart breaker. Men hated him and didn’t get why females surrounded him like some superstar of some kind. At the same time, another guest was talking to someone. Before he could turn around they bumped into him.
	“Oh my goodness, I’m so sorry,” a sultry voice insisted.  
As they both turned around to apologize to the other, each was pleasantly surprised. The word sultry is referred to as hot or airless. Each one could have easily applied to the young woman who bumped into the back of him. He froze in his tracks as he laid eyes on a creature so magnificent in all her form that his breath was completely taken away. Others, including Ursula, watched from a distance and saw the instant flames that shot out from around them. 
“Please accept my apology,” she said softly as she extended her hand to greet him. 
“My name is Ainsley-Miss Ainsley Corrs.” 
He took her hand and politely introduced himself. 
“Please to meet you Miss Corrs. My name is Laythan-Laythan Kendrew.” 
“I’ve heard of you,” She dared to say in a subtle, yet, flirtatious manner. 
Women starred at him with drooled filled eyes accompanied with a heavy dose of envy. He was there for hours and failed to display the awe struck facial expression with them that was now on display for her. 
	Born in England, Ainsley Corrs was a product of a mother who was from Scandinavia and a father who was Irish. And she possessed all the features that halted men in their tracks-even Laythan. He was a superman but if there was ever a woman who could be his kryptonite, she was the one. His black hair and dark suit contrasted sharply with her beautiful bright, tan colored evening dress and her shimmering, golden blonde hair that fell just past her shoulders. He may not have heard half of what she said because inside his head, he was tripping over his thoughts. His heart raced so fast that his actual breathing was affected.
 “My God,” he thought to himself, “she-is-gorgeous!” So stricken by her beauty, he missed swallowed and chocked on his saliva when he attempted to talk. He could not have fixed his eyes on a more exquisite or unique face. During those moments, his heart skipped an untold number of beats. His own romantic emotions and soul took control of him as he helplessly declared within himself that she had to be the most beautiful woman God ever created and shaped with his own hands. He was knocked off of his feet both mentally and emotionally. Her eyes were a light, Irish green. But the rest of her was attributed to her mother. Like her, she inherited her Scandinavian features. She was thin but very curvy. 5 foot 4 was as tall as she stood in flat shoes. Her skin-a pretty pale that glowed well with her natural, pink lips that curved up and down in all the right places. She was also well educated. 
	She was not well liked by the upper class but her parents had done pretty well for themselves. They owned a number of clothing stores in Northern Ireland, England and Scandinavia. Corrs Apparel was one of the largest and successful businesses in England. While their store did carry high priced, custom made clothes for the wealthy, they also catered to the average middle class. Their two story structure in London covered half a city block located on the busy streets of Camden Road-just ten to fifteen minutes from their home. Ainsley, who was brilliant in mathematics and a college graduate, managed the downstairs area while four of her younger brothers helped as her assistants. Their father was, as expected, the top man in the company. Her mother began as a Seamstress and prepared clothes for men and women. She helped her husband launch their fortune when he orchestrated business contacts to open up a store and sell the fashions she designed. He was great at marketing and opened the first store in Denmark. This caused Ainsley to have only a subtle Irish ascent, which she picked up from her father. She spent twelve years of her life in Demark, which also resulted in the infusion of the Scandinavian ascent into her Irish dialect. The entire family worked together daily and shared in the profits their hard work produced. They were tolerated because people in politics in their district felt pressured to patronize them in order to maintain and carry favor with other Irish and Scandinavian immigrants. Of all the people who attended these types of events, all were usually of the English crowd. She felt relieved and comforted speaking to someone who was a descendent of her people thousands of years earlier. For them, her personality was too dark and she also wore too much black for their taste.  Most of them tolerated her but stayed on her good side. She was not the type to stand for nonsense or disrespect from anyone. When she met Laythan, her vivacious, yet, mysterious personality instantly merged with his. She wanted to allow him to end their conversation so he could leave but she was unable to pull herself away from his magical attraction. She always appeared to be eighteen or nineteen even though she was twenty eight. This sometimes caused people to dismiss her feelings or her in general. But he was a gentleman. He talked to her, not at her as other guests’ at those events often did.  He listened and wanted to know who she was. He was interested in her and not just her looks as all the other men were. She turned down enough marriage proposals to sink a ship and many of them were also rich. Money was not what she was after. She wanted a man she knew would be perfect for her for the rest of her life. 
	Laythan intended to leave but when he met Ainsley he remained there two hours after and talked with her. They were the only two outsiders there culturally and that alone banded them together. She hated those parties most of the time and only attended them with her mother and father as a favor to them. They sat tucked away in a corner near the vestibule on a window sill and were astounded at how easy their conversation flowed. He mostly listened as she talked. She lived at home in her parent’s large, plush residence in London. At one point, she leaned into him as she glanced at the crowds of people. 
“You know-none of these people want us here. They only put up with us because they want to produce an image that won’t allow their political enemies to attack them.  But I know better. They invite us to these events so people will think they’re all nice and sweet.”
 “I know exactly what you mean,” he replied. “They invite me for the same reason.” 
“Oh no-not you. They invite me and my parents here because they want to use us. They invite you because they fear you-more than you will ever know.”
 She broke into a smile. Her mature, yet playful way of talking set his senses on fire. She was delightful-not bashful in the least in her discussion with him. The only shyness she possessed was when she received compliments. She could never hide when she blushed because her cheeks always turned slightly red. Not wanting to keep him from his second engagement, she begrudgingly prepared to bid him a good night. 
 “I guess I’d better let you be off to where you need to be. Besides, I think my parents are going to be leaving themselves in a few minutes.”
 “Based on the nasty looks we’re getting right now I’d say you were right,” he returned. “Oh no,” she corrected. Those nasty looks aren’t for you, there for me.” 
He laughed as she joined him. 
“I must say, I have really enjoyed talking with you. You’ve made my night Miss Corrs.” 
	“Please-call me Ainsley,” she implored with a smile that would have set off fireworks.
 “I hope to see you again-soon.” 
“I’m sure we will,” she responded.
 He hesitated for just a moment-then spoke. 
“I’m not one to take any person for granted. And I hope you don’t take this the wrong way because I mean this in the most complimentary way possible. I don’t know when the last time I’ve actually enjoyed myself more, especially at one of these events. I wonder… can I call on you this week or perhaps next week for a date to…well wherever you chose?”
 She took a deep breath as though the man of her dreams had asked her to marry him. She was smitten by him as they said in those days.
 “I would like that very much Mr. Kendrew.”
 “Wonderful. You don’t take me for being too forward, do you?” he questioned.
 “No-not at all-in fact, I’m very flattered and quite honored.” 
“Then it’s settled. I’ll write down your address and while we’re at it, call me Laythan-please.  
“As you wish, Laythan it is,” 
“May I ask what line of business your family is in?” He enquired as he prepared to write down her address. 
“Apparel-we own-I mean-my parents own a chain of department stores here in England and elsewhere.” 
“Excellent. Is their one near me? I’m residing in Clapham for the moment.” 
“We have quite a few but the biggest is in Upper Holloway-on Camden Road. I don’t live too far from there. That’s the one I help manage as well.” 
“Uh huh,” he sighed. “I’ve never been there. Maybe I need to stop by there one day and allow you to show me your line of items.” 
“I think that would be most enjoyable-for both of us, and interesting-seeing is how you probably own every suit made for man.” 
They both laughed as her eyes sparkled like flashes of light in the dark. 
“I don’t know about that but I would enjoy a small tour from you and I promise to buy some product-as long as I won’t be a bother to you or anyone else.” 
“You don’t strike me as a person who would ever be a bother to anyone.” 
She titled her head sideways onto her shoulder and couldn’t have looked more cute and desirable as she continued. “I’m free tomorrow if you’d like to see what a gracious, yet tough, manager I am.” 
“You’re employees must complain about you something awful.” 
“Not really, besides-wouldn’t matter-they’re my younger brothers.” 
He snickered. For the first time in a while, he felt a kinship with someone not just because she was awesome looking and spoke with a voice that could loop anyone into her spell; she was a social foreigner compared to the other guests’. That meant he not only found a person he fell head over heels for, but a female he could talk to. 
	They exchanged information and decided on a day to meet for dinner in one of London’s most posh restaurants. He also asked her to introduce him to her parents-just out of respect. When they realized who he was, they fell over themselves. They fell even further when Ainsley later told them that they were going on a date.  It was customary for parents in those days to encourage their daughters to marry as high up as they could. This was done so they would have financial security. Realistically, many-if not most of those types of pressure driven marriages involved plenty of money for the wives to enjoy but were often loveless-even abusive relationships. Women after all, were not allowed to vote under what was an Oligarchy, which meant that all power was vested in a few people who were part of a dominant class or clique. Those cliques didn’t believe that women and men were created equal. Despite having a female as the figure head for their nation, women were treated more often than not like property and trophy pieces-nothing more. Many followed blindly into courtships that benefitted the parents rather than their daughters. Ainsley was completely different. She was a female who was one hundred years ahead of her time. That type of influence would never have worked with her. She was too headstrong, too stubborn, too rebellious and too defiant against the misuse authority. Prominent men were often put off by her brash attitude. She mocked and cut them down to size and by her looks alone almost made them wet their pants. She possessed a very intimidating type of beauty that caused the boldest men to knuckle under. All of those who desired her wanted only one of two things-marriages and sex, and not in that order most of the time. She saved herself and waited for the man she would love and remain with for the rest of her life. Wealthy men felt since they were a part of the ruling class that she was somehow theirs for the taking because she was considered to be the member of a second class race of people. Not so. They had forgotten the art of courting and romance. Laythan was a master at both.
	He warned her in advance that he agreed to take Ursula to dinner. For him, his date with her would be the last. 
“I just want to say first-before you heat this from anyone else-I agreed to dine with Ursula one last time this week. Off course I agreed to this just before I met you.”
 She looked at him without a change in her expression-her slight smile was still intact.
 “I see.” She glanced down at the floor and then back at him. 
“You need not worry. I’m only following through because I gave her my word and unless the circumstances are extremely dyer, I like to keep my word-as any gentleman should. But I assure you, I have no interest in her in the least. My date with her will be no more like a date with my own brother. And I can assure you, I would never kiss my brother on a date.” 
She burst into a laugh that caused her to cover her mouth and buckle over as she held her stomach. Never had she been so tickled at a remark. 
“My goodness, you are something,” she declared as she chuckled repeatedly. 
“I just wanted you to know ahead of time so you know where I stand. I’m an upfront man as you’ll soon learn. But I know Ursula’s type. She’ll make more out of our engagement if I were to keep that secret. She could later try to use this date as ammunition to upset you-to make you think there’s more between us when there isn’t. I hope you understand. I just prefer that you know what the situation is as not to become alarmed. These people can be very childish and vindictive when they don’t get what or who they want.”
 “Trust me,” she agreed. I know all too well how they are. Don’t worry, I understand completely.”
 “Good. Because I’m sure I’ll be thinking about you anyway while I’m with her. 
“Hmmm.” He folded his arms. “Maybe I’ll take her to the worst beef steak house in London. She’d be glad to cut our date short.” 
“Ha ha ha-no you wouldn’t do that.” 
“Don’t be too sure,” as he looked up to the ceiling. 
Before anyone criticizes his decision to divulge his prior commitment with Ursula, there is a good reason why he did. He told her in advance because he was a man of his word. Also, had he kept his date with Ursula secret she could have waited and used that as a weapon to hurt Ainsley. By him being straight forward about the awkward circumstances, he eliminated any confusion.  If Ursula attempted to over blow or embellish her dinner with him, Ainsley would know that she was a liar. That saved her from feeling bad and him from having to explain why he kept the situation from her. She was very impressed. He was honest and that floored her. She knew that she could trust him. That type of honesty kept him from becoming beholding or black mailed by anyone. She realized he was a man whose integrity was unquestionable. 
	With their conversation completed, she walked him to the front door as her parents spent time kissing up to the other guest. As soon as they departed they would speak freely and horribly about them anyway. The Butler handed him his coat. She extended her hand once more to say goodnight. He softly grabbed her fingers. Instead of shaking her hand, this time, he kissed it gently as he stared into her eyes. She could have fainted. When his lips touched her skin she felt her entire body temperature rise to a feverish degree.
 “Oh my goodness!” She screamed out within her mind. 
“Goodnight Ainsley and thank you for keeping me company. I had so much fun-see you soon.” 
“You definitely will,” she promised with a sensuous voice. 
He put on his coat and walked out as the Butler closed the door behind him. She grabbed and gazed at her hand, and felt the spot his lips touched. She grinned from ear to ear while attempting to hide her excitement. When she turned to go back to find her parents, there were a hoard of women with their eyes fixed on her.  Their hands were on their chest-as though he had kissed them. Suddenly, many of the same females who ignored her all night suddenly wanted to chat and find out what she possessed that drew him to her. Some insisted her dress did the trick or her hair style. They never learned. Those who live in a case of solid vanity never do. He was attracted to both sides of her beauty-the outside and the inside. One without the other only makes for half a person regardless of how much money, influence or physical attributes they possess.

CHAPTER TWENTY ONE
	The following day, Laythan took a ride up to the Holloway section of London. He had become a bit worn down tending to the needs of his Empire’s businesses on a daily basis-coupled with the non-stop pace he was under in the political and social field. His main goal was to help oust all of the wussy and wimpy members of the Scottish parliament who pandered to the Parliament in England. They’re the ones who, out of fear of standing on their own two feet, consistently held up the pace on the road to independence. Although the very first subway system was completed in 1863, more tracks and routes were constantly added to expand service. In the beginning, the system served greater London, parts of Buckingham, Essex and Hertfordshire. These networks of rail lines for commuters who wanted a ride to the seaside were built by various private companies. One of the largest that participated in the latest engineering marvel was owned by Kendrew Industries. Early on, Laythan was constantly back and forth between London and Edinburgh to oversee his part of the project. 
	One particular day, he put time aside and allowed his trusted Head Engineer to keep the work fort together. He needed time to himself-just to breathe a little. He really wanted to see Ainsley again. She was all he could think about since the night they met. He still preferred to ride above ground when he traveled and so he did. He arrived at Camden Road at noon. She often ate lunch a little before or a little after. She herself, spent the entire morning struggling to concentrate on her job as she watched the front doors of the department store, which sold much more than just clothing items. She knew that Laythan was scheduled to pay her a visit but never gave her a definite time as to when. The most tiresome part of the day was turning down advances from men she had met at social events. Many of them lived near her neighborhood and sometimes popped up at the store just to see if they could slime their way into her bed. The wealthier the men, the more cockier, ridiculous and presumptuous they were. Most of them-young and immature men, wasted time spending their parent’s money but hardly worked to earn any of their own.  
	Young Gregory Yorkam came in as she helped a customer amidst a busy crowd of shoppers. Men who asked her for assistance were more interested in starting a conversation rather than obtaining her help. She didn’t have time for their non-sense. She often kept her cool as not to embarrass them but lately, the situation had gotten out of control. It was like all the men who walked in was in heat and she was the only mate on the planet. Her response was the same each and every time:
 “Not interested.” 
But Gregory, although a reasonably nice young lad of twenty-two, thought of himself as a lady’s man as he strode in to purchase another suit-again. Accompanied by three of his closest male friends, he again attempted to draw her into an intimate conversation. She didn’t want to hurt or embarrass him. But once inside, he endeavored to follow the same pattern of behavior as the men before him. This had been going on for a number of months and she wanted to get the message over to all of them that she appreciated their business but in no way were they ever going to see her without her clothes on for any reason. Just when she reached the end of her rope and was about to snap, Laythan glamorously glided in. She saw him and immediately smiled. He acknowledged her with a polite nod and proceeded to stand and survey the establishment from top to bottom. He didn’t move more too far from where he entered. 
Romantically hounded to the breaking point, she decided to end their advances in heart breaking fashion. And she knew exactly what to do. The young men whispered among themselves over every move she made. They seemed pretty desperate for high class men. 
“Excuse me,” she snapped at Gregory. “I can’t spend the entire day discussing your wardrobe.”
 They were so arrogant and braggadocios. She walked away in the middle of his response despite his attempt to win her over. He didn’t actually believe that she even had a man. That too was settled once and for all. She approached Laythan and exchanged greetings. She stretched out both her hands-knowing that all the men were watching them. He wasn’t entirely sure what she was up to but quickly caught on. He understood that her behavior was part of an act. She needed his help to burst the bubble of all the men who were in the store just to talk to her.
 “Hi there,” she said softly. She held onto his hands and kissed him on the corner of his mouth as part of her lips covered his.
 “Thank you for playing along. I think now they’ll get the message and realize that I don’t want them. I don’t want any of them.” He acknowledged her intentions as she concluded, “I assume they’re watching,” 
“Like a hawk,” he replied with a big grin.
 The men stared at Laythan with envy equal to that of the women who hated her for commanding his attention. 
	“Glad I could help,” he whispered. 
“I’ve kept my tongue with many of the boys you see in here because my parents have contracts with their families. This means business deals with them are vital to keep our stores running. 
“Maybe I’ll buy and take over their businesses and give them to you and your family to run.”
 She wanted to kiss him again, and this time for real. She knew he would do exactly what he said; she sensed that about him from the beginning. For Laythan, well, there is nothing that satisfies and compliments a man more than when a host of men constantly unleash a barrage of advances on a women and strike out, then suddenly see her go over to the quiet guy-the gentleman, the guy everyone saw but ignored, and shower him with affection. This type of gesture tells the other losers that they never had a chance. Laythan felt like a precious jewel in the hands of a princess when she did that. He hadn’t felt that way in years. He felt wanted-everyone does as human beings. No amount of money can buy that feeling-that sense of security and confirmation to know that they’re wanted-badly. Love is a wonderful gift, but it is twice as wonderful when that love is returned between two people. Women often make the mistake in believing that men don’t need to feel desired as much as they do. Nothing is more further from the truth because its part of the natural make up of the human species. He was no different than any other man in that respect. To feel unwanted or un-needed makes one feel like they’ve been thrown away. He never realized how much he needed to have that until she kissed him. He was flattered beyond words. Gregory and the mouths of her other admirers fell wide open as their egos and hearts crashed and burned. They took one look at Laythan, the way he stood, the way his body moved and knew that they would never, ever have Ainsley. She belonged to him-so they assumed. And the way he looked, they were not about to approach him and attempt some sort of challenge for her affections. Funny, but suddenly the male customers no longer required her help. They gathered and slithered away to the second floor in utter embarrassment.    
	“Are they gone?” she posed. She didn’t want to turn around just yet.
 “Yeah, they’re starting to head over there.” He pointed to his right. “And the others seem to be headed upstairs.”
 She sighed in relief.
 “Thank you so much for playing along. I apologize if I’ve offended you. It’s just that a lady gets tired of those types of men annoying her after a while. Besides, they’re not my type-never could be.” 
“That’s quite alright and I’m not offended in the least. In fact, I rather enjoyed being kissed by who may well be the most striking woman I’ve ever seen.” 
She blushed as her cheeks turned red. She was speechless. She tried to fight off the sensation but there was no use. She was flushed and he knew that. The sun colored dress she wore was a perfect mix that seemed to stir easily into his navy blue suit.
 “So, how about that tour you promised. If I like what I see, I may buy your entire inventory, or at least most anyway.”  
“Ha ha. I’m going to hold you to that so be careful what you say.”
 Before either of them realized what had taken place, they walked half way across the store, suddenly looked down and saw that they were holding hands. This happened so naturally and effortlessly that they were completely oblivious to what they had done-as though they had done it every day.
 “I uh…I didn’t even realize-” 
“That’s ok,” she interrupted. 
“I guess I took your hand,” he admitted. “I’ve never done that before. I don’t what happened.”
 “Well, we’ll just keep this as our little secret,” she kidded.  
“And I’ll let go so your customers won’t be uncomfortable. Besides, we know how these snobs are, don’t we?” 
She snickered in total agreement and then he made her an offer.
 “Before we begin the tour, I’m going to the celebration of Lord Dupree this week and I was wondering if you’d like to accompany me. We can spend a short time there and then go for dinner or whatever you think is fun.” 
“I’d like that very much,” she confirmed. 
“Great, now I have something to look forward to for the next few days besides work.” She proceeded to show him the store and introduced him to her brothers. While there, he spoke with her parents for a while, who were ecstatic to see such a man of his financial and social stature. Because of his notorious reputation, he was a legend to those who met him or knew of him even if he wasn’t familiar with them. They spent hours together as he bought a ton of men’s ware. Off course he didn’t actually need them but who cared. He was crazy about this new, young lady and wanted any excuse to spend more time with her. He wasn’t like the other high class men. Although he was the world’s richest individual, he was humble enough to feel and act as though he often had the same amount of money as the average working man.  Once his tour and shopping were done, they agreed to an unexpected late lunch, which turned into dinner. They left straight from the store to a restaurant in High Gate, just ten minutes away taxi carriage. This was a golf community that was near her residence. As they waited for their meals, she complained about the dress she had to wear to work. He thought her clothes looked pretty on her but she wasn’t so sure. 
“It’s okay, but I only wear these types of dresses in these types of colors because of my job. I kind of hate these styles at times.”
 “Really,” He wondered out loud. “What is your favorite color when it comes to clothes?” 
Her eyes widened with an excited smile.
 “Black.”

CHAPTER TWENTY TWO
	On the night of Lord Dupree’s celebration, Laythan dressed in a short cut, black tuxedo-most likely the first man during his era to wear one. Men wore the long tailed variety. He hated those. To him, they looked utterly ridiculous.  He felt that any jacket that long should be an over coat. He started to wear his regular dress coat just as he had worn to his lunch date with Ainsley earlier in the weak.  He reached into his wardrobe and pulled out the piece, then hesitated. He hung the coat back inside and decided to wear his standard black, full length hunting coat with all the secret compartments that carried his weapons.  However, he knew that such a coat couldn’t be left in the hands of some butler to hang up. What if he accidentally gave his coat away to another guest who was the same size as he? He decided to wear one of his special made Tuxedos that was custom fitted to carry less, but affective hidden weapons. He and his two fellow hunters had all of their clothes custom fitted and made by no one except his mother Margaret. That way, they would always be ready and able to defend themselves in case they were surprised by one of their adversaries. One of the mottos they lived by was simple:
Expect the unexpected and to be ready at all times. Off course, no human being can literally be on guard at all times or life would be insanely miserable and a person would lose their marbles. But they meant that metaphorically more so than literally. They just wanted to be sure they were never too surprised to see where and when a servant of the dark suddenly appeared in their presence. They were masters at blending into high society and mingled with people who couldn’t tell a vampire from a walking stick. 
	He kept a second sword in his stagecoach. The Bone Splitter, he left at home in a secret section only he could access, which he used mostly when hunting down a vampire. He always packed his pistols just like a policemen and had them ready in case of any trouble. Leonard Barras, his stage coach driver was also a long time, trusted friend of his family. He had been with them for over two decades and witnessed some of the miracles Laythan performed. He assisted him and became an actual associate member of what became his new group of vampire killers. At fifty five years of age, he wasn’t meant to be what Laythan had become.  He worked faithfully for him in his Arms Company but was chosen by Laythan to be his personal driver and assistant when needed. He grew up and lived in the very same neighborhood as the Kendrews and attended the same church since his birth. He knew Leonard could be trusted. But he was also a tough man himself and Laythan taught him a few tricks on how to defend himself in the event he faced an evil threat. He too was armed at all times. Argyle and Novak were also invited and planned to meet him there with their dates. 
	At 7:00pm, Laythan’s coach, powered by four horses, pulled up to Ainsley’s residence. He stepped out, walked up to her door and rang the bell. A servant answered and ushered him inside. Mr. and Mrs. Corrs were there and came into the hall with great big smiles on their faces. They practically foamed at the mouth at the prospect of Ainsley being courted by the world’s wealthiest human being. With him as a son-in-law, they saw insulation and acceptance from an English clique that tolerated and looked down on them at the same time. They also would no longer have to kiss their behinds just to keep their business contracts. Even more so, Men would stop approaching his one and only daughter as though the price for their business meant renting her out to them like some street hooker. 
	Ainsley saw herself differently. She wasn’t looking to be rescued as much as she was looking to be loved by someone who saw more than her hour glass figure or her sparkling green eyes. They chatted with Laythan, where as he mostly listened.  Five minutes later she appeared at the top of the stairs. He zoned them out when he saw her.
“I’m sorry I kept you waiting.” She began to slowly stroll down the curved staircase. “I know women are supposed to keep men waiting but I think it’s rude and childish. If a woman says she’ll be ready to leave at seven fifteen, then she should be ready to leave at seven fifteen.”
 She flashed a big smile as she approached the last step and stopped. 
“Indeed, I like your way of thinking,” he replied. “You’re the complete, quintessential modern woman. And you’re actually early-my compliments.” 
He believed he’d already seen her at her best but he was wrong. He himself was completely and fully astonished to find himself shocked at the fact that she was even more splendid than the last time he saw her. So beautiful was she that it was almost a shame she had to be touched by human hands not made from the earth.  He had a tough time getting over the fact that he was again, awe struck by the most stunning woman the Irish and Scandinavians had ever produced. He told her parents not to worry and she would be home safely. 
“Oh by all means, take your time and enjoy Lord Dupree’s celebration,” Mrs. Corrs insisted.
 They were invited but decided to attend a different party to be held a couple of hours later. Besides, both parents felt it best that she attend the party with Laythan while they remained out of the way. 
“If you looked any prettier, I’d be the first man to faint.”
 She laughed and blushed uncontrollably. At that moment, he figured out what was so enveloping about her-why he got that huge lump in his throat that never left. It was her eyes. They smiled at him each time she did. They spoke to him and he loved what they said. They told him that she was no ordinary woman. The way they curved to express their intent was so unique. They dove deep into him and revealed more than the human language could relay. They signaled that their courtship was just a formality because they were meant to be together-forever. And no one could derail that. 
“You always know what to say to make me smile,” she finally admitted. 
	She wore what was called a Vicomtesse De Montmorand style evening gown, similar to the Pinafores type dresses, which were worn for work or play. Hers was white and didn’t have a train attached to the back of the waist. Dresses had narrow waist lines in the 1880’s and she had the perfect waist and hips that slid into all of them without the use of a corset, although many came in that style. Like many women of her era, her hair was pulled back at the sides and worn into a knot and a cluster or ringlet as some called them-with a fringe of bangs in front. Her outfit was the signal for a style that would be huge in the next decade to follow. Her evening slippers were soft and comfortable for standing but with soles sturdy enough to prevent her feet from getting stained or wet in the event the weather became unfavorable, which happened suddenly in London.
	When they reached his coach he opened the door but didn’t allow her to enter just yet. He reached onto the seat and pulled out a long, thin white box. He turned to her as the door blocked their view from one side.
 “These are for you. I hope you like them. I must admit, I’m not the most knowledgeable concerning these type of things.”
 She opened the box and inside was an array of flowers on the outside with long roses situated in the middle. She was breathless.
 “They’re beautiful-just like you,” she complimented.
 His felt as though her compliment had smacked him in the face but pleasantly. Women were often too passive and all the moves had to be made by men, which made the attempt at courting tiring and boring. She was bold-she said what was on her mind and unlike women of her time who played those silly games during courtship, she was unapologetic. He was surprised and thrilled to get such a forward accolade. To receive such a compliment from her made his night. He reached inside and picked up one of the roses.  He laid the box down on the seat behind him. He stepped closer-close enough to kiss her. He tickled her chin with the red flower that matched her lips. She peered into his eyes. A case of shyness over took her for a moment. She glanced downward to the ground and then back to him.
 “Objects like flowers shrivel up, die and eventually blow away. But the emotions that you feel for someone always remains. They never dry up-” 
She cut him off and quickly leaned in and kissed him. The urge had been building up since the first time they met. There was no other move to make but that. He held her cheek as they kissed-repeatedly-never, ever wanting to stop. After what seemed like a meeting of the mouths that would go on for ages, they heard a grunt.
 “A-hem.” 
They looked up and caught Leonard starring down at them from atop his carriage seat.
 “Why Leonard, we almost forgot you were here.” 
She chuckled quietly and laid her head and hand romantically on his chest.
 “I’m sure you did Mr. Kendrew. But we are going to be behind time if we don’t leave now.”
 Right you are,” Laythan replied happily.
 He helped Ainsley inside and as he stepped in and closed the door behind him. Leonard proceeded to drive toward the night’s gala. Once inside he made a confession. 
“You know, I’ve never met any woman named Ainsley and yet, I think you have one of the prettiest, if not the prettiest name my ears has ever heard. By the way, what does it mean?” 
“It’s a Gaelic name, which means; my very own meadow,” she enlightened. 
“Ask a sweet question and you get a sweet answer I always say,” he supposed with a grin. With that said, they picked up where they left off.

CHAPTER TWENTY THREE
	“Mr. Laythan Kendrew and Miss Ainsley Corrs,” the Servant announced.  
He took their over coats and hung them up. The temperature was quite mild for that time of the year. But make no mistake, cold weather was the norm for the party season in England. When they walked in together, the guest crowd turned and marveled. Other couples made their grand entrances in an attempt to spark chatter on their behalf as being the couple of the century. Laythan and Ainsley would have none of that. As previously noted, they were not into seeking social glory and weren’t into pretentious posturing for anyone. They were secure and didn’t need that. They walked in humbly as acquaintances, business associates and unknowns greeted them. People couldn’t take their eyes off of the two. They shined and somehow-for some reason-became the two people that were deemed the perfect couple. A person had to be deaf, dumb and blind not to notice the air-the spirit-the oar of pure attraction that existed between them. On these types of occasions, the usual dance to the orchestra was done. Laythan hated dancing-period-at least to that slow, boring stuff. He needed music with a bit more jump-like the Irish and Scottish tunes provided. Ainsley felt the same way but they tried their best to keep in step with the way the English danced. 
	Interestingly enough, how he felt about his dancing was irrelevant. As he and Ainsley moved to the music, they stayed in the middle of other couples and tried to avoid being noticed. Instead, the more they danced the more room they received. She started looking around. 
“Oh goodness…this isn’t good,” she noted.
 “What are they doing?” He whispered sharply.
 “I think their making us the center of attention,” she realized. 
 Couple after couple, most willingly-some reluctantly, stepped away and stood on the side and formed a circle that allowed all the floor space to be had by them. Like it or not, they were on display. This was actually a high honor. Guests had whispered about them and expressed envy since their arrival. They were graceful, soothing to the eyes and memorable. She looked straight at him and realized that everyone saw what she already realized, that she was now involved with a man who was human but somehow a little less mortal than the rest of them.  
	She used to watch other couples in the spot light and wondered if her turn would ever come-it did. And she reveled in the magical moment. She zoned her mind off from the hoards of people surrounding her as the orchestra played on. She focused on his eyes-unable to look away. She was lost in his arms, his heart and his world. Men watched Ainsley as her body, so inadvertently sensuous, moved in perfect unison with his. For years, men longed to have her-to feel what having her would be like. That night, she broke a thousand hearts. They would never, ever know what that would be like. Some were nice, most were jackasses. Regardless, none of that mattered because they would never touch her, nor have her. They were dead as far as she was concerned. She belonged to someone else now-a man who stepped into the picture and became her center point after a relatively short time. Many of the single, divorced and married women as well, starred at him and witnessed the gleam in his eyes. In him, they saw the focus that only impending love brought on. His mind was singular with hers. That meant that he only had one thought for one person-her. Then and only then, did they understand that they would never walk down the aisle in marriage to him, nor would they be swept up into his arms and taken to his bedroom as they had dreamed about for years.  But Ursula was enraged. She dated him twice and as promised, he took her out for dinner at the beginning of the week. She wasn’t ready to give up her dream of being with the man she wanted. She had to have him and was not about to be denied or out done-especially by an Irish woman. His wealth didn’t have much to do with how badly women desired him. His looks and mannerisms were enough to stop a Titanic ship load of females in their tracks and cause them to fall over board for him. However, on that night, all the women who had thrown themselves at him repeatedly looked at what they lost-then glanced back at the men they came with and became disgusted because they realized what they were stuck with. Hearts all over London were shattered into pieces as a barrage of societal gossip swept across the city. The number of women who fell into depression due to broken hearts-too many to number, was staggering. He was the dream man of any era. And the sparkling eyes of an Irish woman whipped them all and put them and their snobbery in their place.  When their dance ended, the entire crowd clapped non-stop. They resembled a pair that had been reunited from a past life they had together. 
	Scores of guests’ approached them. Words such as, splendid, magnificent and charming, were used to describe their stardom. One guest went so far as to tell Laythan that he looked as though that he had danced not with a regular female, but with an angel. These and many other wonderful compliments were used to describe their partnership. Agnes Marple was one of those old stuck up; bitty birds who was a member of one of those women organizations or clubs that gave them activities perform while they spent their husband’s money. Ainsley hated those types. Agnes never gave her more than a grunt whenever she saw her. Most of the time she walked around with her nose turned up in the air. When Agnes saw her with Laythan-a man who could buy and sell her fortunes as easy as buying and selling a horse, her attitude dwindled to fit the occasion and her place under Ainsley’s feet. To say Agnes abhorred her because of her racial background was being polite at best. She truly believed that Ainsley’s kind simply did not belong, no matter how much money she and her family had in the bank. As people greeted them, Agnes, out of fear that Laythan would somehow destroy her husband’s businesses or worse, pushed through the crowd and tucked her arm up under Ainsley’s.
 “My dear, you never told me you could dance like that.”
 She gave Agnes a look of condescension.
 “You never asked.” 
“Oh don’t be silly dear,” she said with a hint of nervousness in her voice. “I must have.” 
“Naah-I’m pretty sure you didn’t.”
 “Oh well, the important thing is that we know now don’t we.” She took a deep breath and extended her hand. “Mr. Kendrew. How good of you to accept the invitation and attend this gala for Lord Dupree. I myself am going to be celebrating my birthday in a few months and I hope you don’t mind that I put you on my guest list.”
 “I guess not,” he replied. How’s your husband Mrs. Marple? Has business been good lately?” 
“Oh well…you know how running a business is these days.  We’re doing just fine Mr. Kendrew. There are always some bumps here and there as you know but none we can’t fix.” 
She was scared he would perform a hostile takeover of all her husband’s financial stocks and absorb the company into his young dynasty. He had no intentions of making such a move at the moment. However, she didn’t know that. But, he allowed her to think so. This kept her and all those like her in their place. And now with Ainsley as his love interest, all of them became her footstool because she was on the side of a man no one messed around with. 
“Come my dear, we must talk.” 
Agnes led her away to meet her fellow society movers and shakers. Her words grew fainter the further they walked. Ainsley looked back at Laythan with a satisfactory grin. He playfully winked at her. They were a team and they worked their enemies like a tag team. They enjoyed every second of watching Mrs. Marple squirm.  Ainsley was obviously aware of Laythan’s wealth. Still, she never really knew or understood how mighty he was among the very elite until she became his girlfriend. 
	She felt the same way he felt in her store when she picked him out to show all the other men that she was unavailable. Now, as a romantic recipient of their relationship, she inherited some of his social power. But let one fact be understood once and for all; power was not what she was after. She just happened to end up with Laythan. She commanded respect although many of them didn’t care for her. Just the same, they were careful how they spoke to her because she had a short fuse when she mingled in their circle. No matter what nasty remarks they made behind her back, they rarely said them to her directly. She was not above throwing a drink in or two in someone’s face when they attempted to insult her-and she had done so once or twice.
	Lord Dupree approached Laythan as he stood and sipped a glass of juice. He greeted him warmly. Lord Dupree had aspirations of his own political career and needed to be seen with the right people to build up his clout in case he decided to run for a seat in the British Parliament. He needed powerful friends to oust the incumbent who had been unbeatable. Men like Laythan carried a lot of sway in many arenas. And that’s what Lord Dupree’s gala was really about-trying to form a strong political base by forming a strong social base. He talked for a few minutes and then remembered he wanted to tell Laythan about someone he knew.  Because of all the excitement, he forgot.  
“By the way, I met a friend of yours, who by coincidence is a friend of mine. She said she hasn’t seen you in a while. She saw you tonight but made me promise not to tell you she was here. She wanted to surprise you.” 
“Is that so?” Laythan curiously wondered.
“Well she’s around here somewhere.” Lord Dupree scanned the crowd. “Hmm…where did I see her last?” 
Laythan met so many people over the years he couldn’t remember all of them. He figured the mystery guest was someone he knew from past business deals. The two stood sixty feet across from a spiral stair case. Lord Dupree had his back to the stairs and droned on about meaningless people, places and things.
 “Oh well, I’m sure she’ll catch up with you or vice versa as they say.” 
He rambled on until suddenly Laythan’s hearing shut down as he looked past his host. Just over his shoulder he spotted a guest gracefully walking atop the second floor balcony. His eyes could hardly believe what they saw. Strolling down the stairs in all her grandeur was Lita Reznik.
 “Are you ok?” Lord Dupree questioned. 
Laythan was deaf to his words-probably for the last five minutes. His eyes lit up like a lion hidden among the grass waiting to pounce on his prey. His focus was lost on everyone else as he zeroed in on her. He stepped aside and walked around Lord Dupree who was suddenly facing Laythan’s back. She stepped off the last stair and vanished within the people in attendance. His eyes searched the heavy crowds but failed to locate her. Suddenly, a tap on his shoulder woke him from his trance like stare. 
	He turned around to see what Lord Dupree wanted.
 “This is the friend of yours I was telling you about,” Lord Dupree presented.
 “Good evening Mr. Kendrew,” a voice stated in a thick Slovakian ascent.  He turned all the way around to see that the tone belonged to his arch enemy. She stood in front of him-flashing a smile that seared his soul. Seeing her in one place and then another a second later reminded him how quick and powerful she was. 
“This is her Mr. Kendrew. She said you two are old friends,” Lord Dupree insisted.
 By pure instinct, Laythan reached into his coat and almost drew his gun. But he couldn’t kill what appeared to be a highly regarded friend of his Lordship, who he paraded around to all his associates.
 “Aren’t you going to shake my hand-Laythan?”
 Disregarding his own strength, he accidently squeezed his glass too hard as he tightened up. The glass shattered to pieces. The small amount of juice that remained at the bottom sprinkled to the floor.
 “My goodness,” Lord Dupree reacted. Your hand-your hand is bleeding!” 
Laythan didn’t even notice that his palm sustained a long, deep cut. Lord Dupree called for one of his servants to fetch him a towel to absorb the blood. For a split second, Lita, out of basic instinct nearly lost her self-control at the sight of fresh, human liquid-the source of her life. She starred at his hand as her breathing sped up. After a pause he replied.
 “As for shaking hands, I’m afraid that’s quite secondary at the moment Miss Reznik. Besides, shaking hands with someone like you would be like shaking hands with the devil himself-and I don’t really find that appealing.”
 She quickly regained her composure and chuckled softly.
 “She’s a valued friend of mine,” Lord Dupree stated as he wrapped a towel around Laythan’s hand.  “She’s helping me obtain a lot of connections to help me in my political aspirations as you well know. 
“I am aware. But take care Lord Dupree; see that your political aspirations don’t become a liability to your eternal aspirations.”
 His Lordship glared ominously at Lita. He wasn’t sure what their introduction was all about but he realized that maybe the two social giants were not the close friends she made them out to be. Whatever the reason, the situation was very awkward for him. She hadn’t aged a single second in two decades. The rage, bitterness and contempt for her and the images of their battle he left behind in Czechoslovakia instantly filled his mind. 
	Lord Dupree was so uncomfortable with the silence that grew between them that he decided to excuse himself-sensing that they wanted to talk alone. He pointed to a location as he informed her that he wouldn’t be too far away if he was needed. Without so much as taking her eyes off Laythan, she assured Lord Dupree that she would join him momentarily. He stepped away and once again, good and evil spoke face to face. 
“How’s the family?” He enquired. 
“They’re fine. Their some place you’ll never find them,” she responded.
 He stepped toward her. She flinched for a second. She feared him when he suddenly got too close. She knew what he could do. She saw him work wonders-one of which literally blinded her back in Czechoslovakia. 
“Don’t worry; I can’t deal with you now-at least not here. You’ve obviously been in London right under my nose-for quite some time I suppose. You’ve intertwined yourself into the fabric of society. You’ve made friends-important friends-friends who hold you in high esteem. You’ve made yourself above reproach.  You’ve played your cards well. But there’s one problem. I hold the deck. I always hold the deck-because I’m the dealer. That’s my job in this game you’ve gambled on. And sooner or later I’m going to deal you a hand, and you’re going to play it-and you’re going to lose. Understand? You’re going to die.” 
She looked at him with stern defiance.
 “You’re a great man Laythan, in that, there is no question. But before you turn all of my cards over, remember this; I’ve been around a long time.” 
“I know. And I must say you don’t look a day older from the last time I saw you. Blood must do wonders for you.”
 “If you only knew,” she scoffed.
“Enjoy yourself while you can. We’ll meet again,” he promised.
 “I’m sure of that,” she agreed. “But under what circumstances? Face the facts, I’m part of the same crowd here tonight who are no better than me in how they live or treat their fellow man. They deal with the unfortunates like garbage. I’ve managed to blend in as one of them only because like you, I can buy and sell these simple minded fools. What I’m saying is that some of them don’t like me any more than they like you. That leads me to this-If you had any sense, the next time we meet, you would stand by my side as we cut them down like the dogs they are. Who would miss them-you-me? I seriously doubt a few missing high profile socialites will cause the world to end. I ought to know, I was here before you were born. I was here before there was man as we know him. And I’ll let you in on a few other secrets.” She lowered her voice and leaned toward him. “I was in the garden when Adam and Eve messed up.” 
 “I wonder how old and withered you really are,” He insulted. 
Her face tensed up. 
“I have no idea. What I do know is that I’ve been everywhere my spirit is desired. And one thing I can attest to you is that people are always the same. They never change-ever.” 
	“I see. More blood-only this time you’ll siphon it off from the rich because they’re so hated.”  She paused and replied. 
“I could do go that route, but no. They provide perfect cover. Why sacrifice my fun when the poor can do just as well. After all, who cares if a thousand or ten times a thousand impoverished immigrants’ drop of the face of the planet? The English would say that I was doing them a favor.” She grinned and then whispered, “Even better, Jack the Ripper will catch the blame for just about every dastardly act these days. Thanks to the newspapers and all the Penny Dreadful articles, everyone in London practically believes he’s the devil himself-indestructible they say. And there is no way to stop him or me. He has my spirit in him and he will have no mercy.” 
Laythan kept his cool and smiled. Then he took the towel that was wrapped around his injury. He opened his hand and showed her his palm. The laceration, which was extensive, was completely healed. There was no sign that he had even suffered so much as a bruise. 
“I wouldn’t say that I was totally powerless to stop you.” She frowned in astonishment.
 “One way or another, you and your kind are going to answer for Gilchrist. That’s the way this has to be. 
“As you wish Laythan. So be it. Since you refuse to join my kingdom-you’ll be crushed under it.”
 She nodded to him and walked away to find Lord Dupree. She passed Ainsley on her way. She waited until the two passed each other before she turned to watch her. A sparkle twinkled in Lita’s eyes-and not in a good way either. Suddenly, Ainsley gracefully slithered up beside Laythan from behind. He was surprised.
 “Hi, have you been hiding from me?” 
“No. just talking to an old…acquaintance I knew a long time ago.” 
He turned his head back in Lita’s direction with a glassy, steely eyed look-and not the good kind either. Ainsley, who was very perceptive, developed a serious and worried expression. She softly caressed his face and murmured, 
“My dear, you’re upset. Who’s gone and alienated you so?” 
“Oh I’m ok-really.” 
“That’s not true. I can see it in your face. What’s bothering you-please-tell me. Is it something I’ve done?” 
He immediately pulled her closer to him by her waist.
 “Now don’t go being silly. All you’ve done is hand me one of the greatest nights of my life. I wouldn’t have had this evening go any other way. Let’s just say that there are people at these events that I like and those that I don’t.”
 She sighed in hopes that his evening wouldn’t be totally spoiled.
 “Say, I’m awfully hungry,” he disclosed and added, “how about we leave here and go dine some place where we don’t have to chat with anyone except each other.” 
She stretched upwards and kissed him softly on his cheek.
 “Anywhere you go is proper with me-as long as I’m with you.” 
They didn’t say any goodbyes to anyone. The two abruptly departed. They were supposed to wait until Argyle and Novak showed but he decided to wait outside for them in his coach and catch them before they entered the festivities. Lita was now well known and was a big favorite with the Cliques that ran the government and controlled the social climate. In addition, either by her mind control or voluntary means on her associates’ part, they purposely omitted the usage of her name to anyone who came near the boundaries of Laythan. That was how she managed to keep her presence a secret for so long. All those years, she sat back and read about him and listened to reports and society gossip while he never suspected that she was actually in the United Kingdom. Lord Dupree’s event was the time she herself chose to come out and re-establish her position. She knew that even with her power of compulsory, sooner or later he would hear her name drop within his circle. There were just too many people they both knew to keep her existence a secret forever.  She understood that his search for her never ceased. Finally, she had to surface. Her plan was to destroy him or she would forever be hunted by him or others like him. She herself was a hunter of souls and she didn’t relish the feeling of being the tracked-especially by a mortal. She eventually wanted to go to America but she would never have peace as long as he lived. She refused to re-settle her coven only to have him pursue her across the Atlantic. Her plans were meaningless and empty until her greatest threat was dead. Laythan felt that they could still kill her during the brief daylight the seasonal darkness spared but had to be especially careful how they went about this task. He had no idea where she lived but was intent on finding out. Suffice to say, a billionaires such as her was not likely to live in the east end. Despite all of the underlying drama that he hid, Ainsley was not deceived by his pretentiousness to protect her and their evening. She was right. He was upset. At the height of his fun and enjoyment, the soul he hated most showed up and spoiled not only his evening, but his days to come. 

CHAPTER TWENTY FOUR
	Attraction is a wondrous effect to behold between two people who share the same view and feelings. However, attraction can also have a dark side and can often be just as ugly as it is beautiful. Sometimes, infatuation or love that is not reciprocated can cause serious emotional issues to arise. Those emotions, which are usually kept in check, can sometimes bring about an eruption inside people during the stage of rejection. Once those powerful, emotional imbalances surface the war to control them are equivalent to trying to put an evil genie back into their bottle. There are those who often become fixated on an individual they either know very well or hardly at all. Whatever the case, once this type of problem exist in the heart, mind and soul of a person there is usually no way to cure their delusion of a love that they believe was meant to be. Without some type of emotional and mental help, their condition has the potential to lead to dangerous behavior for all parties involved. 
	Envy, hatred-mixed together in a brain filled with fantasy instead of reality can easily overtake an individual and cast them into a place where only their feelings and thoughts matter. Such was the case for Ursula. As much class and financial standing she enjoyed, the one possession she was unable to obtain was Laythan. He liked her very much but that was as far as their relationship went. He could have never married someone as hostile toward people of his ancestry-who were the Irish. He thought of her as a nice enough person who needed a bit of maturing to do. He understood that she was a factor of her failed upbringing, which he laid at the doorstep of her parents, who were devout bigots. He found in her, a childlike innocence that was ruined by them. Had she been born to a different set of parents, her true nature would have flourished. But she never had a chance coming out of the gate because her entire social upbringing tainted her-poisoned her heart. That’s why she was able to shut herself off from the real concerns of those who were not English. He no doubt, believed he would have been a great influence on her if they had become an item. And he had not been so rich; she would have desired him regardless of her family’s objections because he was just that awesome of a man. Because of all these surrounding circumstances, he tolerated her noticeably because of his compassion and because he felt sorry for her. Besides that, she always treated him so wonderfully sweet. He didn’t want to break her heart. When he kindly rejected any advances she made in order to declare them a couple, something in her mind snapped. That alone was usually adequate reason to anger her or any female enough to cut and injure the man who rejected them. When he rejected her and instead, fell head over heels for Ainsley, a half Irish woman, something in her mind snapped again. To lose the affections of a man most sought after was one thing. To lose him to a woman with an Irish background was intolerable-a slap in the face-especially when he seemed to fall right into her lap without any effort on her part. This was unfair as far as she believed. Laythan was hers and no one but her was ever going to have him, be with him or marry him. 
	Her behavior at first was subtle. Then, as the days and weeks passed, she became more aggressive. She started off by sending him flowers to all of his residences in London, which he had many because of the engineering projects he over saw. This sometimes required him to remain near the site; therefore, he bought a number of homes to keep from dealing with long commutes to and from work.  By sending flowers and roses to all of his addresses assured her that no matter which one he was at, he would be sure to receive them. They had notes or letters attached to them professing her love for him. He tolerated this for a while but then had a talk with her. He thought that their conversation had helped. She seemed to understand that they would only be friends. To his dismay, she came back even stronger. She showed up repeatedly at his work sites in order to take him to lunch and dinner. Laythan was slow to anger but she drove him to the point where her behavior could no longer be taken lightly. She showed up uninvited to his home one evening to take him out for a surprise date. As he answered the door, she saw Ainsley in the back ground. Her heart began to burn like fire. Her rage was silent for a moment. Soon after, she unleashed an array of curses and insults at Ainsley but made certain she didn’t insult Laythan. After all, he wasn’t the one to blame for failing to recognize that he belonged with her-Ainsley was. That’s when he discovered that she was completely obsessed. He worried seriously about her from that point on. Any relationship short of marriage to her was unacceptable in her world. He always thought that she was much stronger mentally than she displayed. Again, because of his compassion and understanding of why she had grown up to be the person she was, he felt hideous inside when he repeatedly talked with her in his attempts to stifle her delusions about what they were to each other. He didn’t want to be cruel to her. However, he didn’t tolerate any further disrespect from her toward Ainsley. He knew how it felt to love someone more than they loved him. The marriage to his first wife was proof of that. Still, everyone had to face reality in life. For some reason her mind failed her. When his words finally sunk in, forcing her to face the fact that she would never have him, she lost grip on her mental and emotional bearings. No one should ever need anyone that much if they themselves are secure. Something in her life was missing-missing to the point where she believed marriage to Laythan would complete her existence and all that she wanted to do. That type of dependency on another human being is never sound and the same applied to her. Laythan would later learn just how serious being stalked was and what that would lead to. 
	Besides the constant aggravation he endured from a woman completely enthralled with him, he was heavily stressed over the re-emergence of Lita. There he was-in a city with the most evil woman he ever encountered and was unable to lay a hand on her publically. The problem concerning her was a very delicate one. He knew what she was but others saw her through different eyes-her eyes. In turn, those under her power viewed not just her, but everyone else they saw through the windows of her eyes as well. They agreed with whatever she said or believed. She bonded the minds of those she came in contact with for her own use. And then there were many-particularly men, who needed no spell to bring them under her control. They were the ones who became her lap dogs simply out of pure lust and the lure of her sensual attraction. For all her evil that she possessed inside, she was undoubtedly the most beautiful vampire they had unknowingly laid eyes on. Regardless, she realized that she was at a cross roads. With Laythan in the same city, she knew that sooner or later, he was going to convince at least one or two important people about what she was. And he knew people in high places just as she did. She feared he would unravel their mind and in the process, remove the veil she hid behind in order to escape his wrath.
	He was created to deliver vengeance and justice. On this journey there would be no compromise on his behalf and he also was aware of the reverse. She lost just as much rest over him as he did over her. She became cautious. At the same time, she enjoyed gloating in his face because of the protection she had from being the envy of high society. Her soul glorified when she teased him at the party they met at earlier. He believed that she would immediately change where she slept as to make sure he didn’t track her down and kill her during the day. If he could accomplish this without any witnesses, no one would know that she was a vampire. He could have drawn on Lita in public in an attempt to kill her-turning her ashes eventually and escaping charges that he was a murderer. If he failed, she could always cry out for help in the pretense of being attacked, which would make him look like a mad man. And she was able to vanish at will. You only got one strike at someone like her and if you missed, you’d better make sure you didn’t miss in public. If he could kill her at her place, they would assume she left London for some untold reason-never to be seen again. He was as frustrated with her as one could get. And Ursula wasn’t making life any easier. He never knew if or when he was going to run into her on the street, his door step or at some social gathering. In addition Ursula’s obsession, London clearly wasn’t big enough for both Lita and Laythan. One of them had to go. With a final confrontation on the horizon that they knew was inevitable, his attention turned more in that direction. He left his managers to supervise the business projects done by his companies, over seen by his brothers and sisters, who brilliantly ran parts of the family Empire. They relieved much of the stress due to contractual deadlines, which had to be fulfilled for private and public sector projects. 
	Wealthy people often travel in the same social circles regardless of what era or time in history. Therefore, for Laythan and Lita to run into each other two or three times a year would’ve been normal, especially during the Victorian era. Ainsley often dined at “Bristol’s Upon Tyne,” an upscale establishment she loved to eat at during her lunch break or dinner after work. One afternoon, she and her brother Todd decided to have lunch there after a very busy day at the family’s department store. Unfortunately, Ursula and a three of her female friends walked in as their cuisine was being prepared.  She spotted Ainsley while being escorted to her table. Her insides curled in disgust and complete, utter disdain. She hated her with every fiber of her mind and soul-so much so that she was capable of killing her with her bare hands. Thoughts of her death and how she would joyfully dance on her grave swirled around in her head at night when she lay down to sleep. Ainsley and Todd’s amusing conversation paused when her eyes met Ursula’s. Her expression grew serious and she suddenly maintained the look of an angry lioness just before an attack. 
	Ursula and her friends dared to approach. She didn’t waste any time in assuming the worse about Ainsley and the man who was with her.
“Good afternoon Ainsley.” She glanced down at Todd, twiddled her fan over her face. “My we do get around on lunch dates, don’t we?” 
Ainsley kept her cool, despite Ursula’s implication of her unfaithfulness to Laythan, 
“Todd,” she began, “this is an unfortunate acquaintance of mine. They call her Ursula. I call her something else. Ursula, meet my brother-Todd. He and Laythan chat quite nicely from time to time. Might as well, who knows-maybe they’ll be brothers one day.” 
For her to flaunt her relationship with Laythan was a bitter pill for Ursula to swallow. In addition to that, she teased and implied that they would actually get married one day. That too enraged her, but she asked for it. Ursula looked closely at Ainsley and Todd. 
“Oh yes, I see the family resemblance,” as she tapped her fan in the palm of her free hand. One of her friends winked at Todd but Ursula didn’t notice because she stood behind her.
	“Now that you’ve been introduced to my brother, is there something else you wanted to know-or discover to tell someone about?” 
“No”, Ursula replied. I should have known that foreigners all looked alike-whether they’re related or not. Ainsley slowly stood up face to face with her. 
“Ladies,” Todd warned in an attempt to keep the volatile situation from progressing.
 “And what is that suppose to mean?”
 Ursula flashed her patented sarcastic smile.
 “Oh don’t take offense. It’s just that it’s hard to determine who the real English are from the foreigners these days.” 
“As much as you may hate us, I’m not a foreigner. And for your information I was born here just like you,” Ainsley sneered.  
“You may have been born here but you’re nothing like me.” 
Upon her conclusion, Ursula slithered away with her friends to her table located on the other side of the restaurant. Ainsley was not about to let her get away with that. Todd tried to hold her hand and stop her but to no avail. She promised him she wouldn’t cause a scene. 
	As the four women sat down to order Ainsley walked up calmly to their table, which surprised them. They thought Ursula had had the last word. Not by a long shot. Ainsley aggressively slammed her hands down on the table and leaned over to Ursula and growled in a low tone.
 “You know something…you’re right. I’m nothing like you-nor would I ever want to be. Because you’re a loser-and what’s worse, you’re a sore loser. I don’t want to be you because that would mean I’d be on the short end of what you have now, which is nothing. I have Laythan, you don’t. That’s what this has always been about and you can’t stand that. So let me put you out of your misery once and for all. Just for the record, you never stood a chance when I entered the picture. He finds the English tolerant-to a point. But in terms of marriage, I’m afraid you women are just not his type. And if you don’t believe me, ask him if you dare.”
 The women grabbed their chest at such forwardness. At that instant, the Waiter brought them a tray of wine for each of them as their food was being prepared. 
“Excuse me, but here are your drinks,” he announced.
 Ainsley reached behind her and took one glass of wine from the tray and flung the entire contents squarely in Ursula’s face. Everyone who witnessed the incident gasped in total shock. She put the empty glass back on the tray. 
“She’s already had too much to drink,” she declared to the Waiter. She boldly walked away and re-seated herself at her table. The women escorted Ursula to the rest room as the Waiter rushed to get her a towel to dry her face and clothes. 
	The restaurant was ablaze with talk but Ainsley didn’t care-nor did anyone approach her. Everyone knew who she was associated with and because of that, they feared her temper as well. But Ursula had that coming for a long time. She picked a fight at the wrong time. No one insulted or embarrassed Ainsley or her family in public. Ursula got what she deserved. That event made her Leary and cautious around Ainsley but also hardened her heart even more. Now, the only ambition she sought was the physical destruction of her rival. All she needed was a tool in which to achieve that without bringing about her own.

CHAPTER TWENTY FIVE
	New Years was approaching and there still hadn’t been any progress in the Ripper Murders. But there were a lot of other murders in the morgue the police pushed to the back because the victims were not British but rather Scottish, Irish, or from other minority sectors of society. Laythan was privy to inside information that most of the bodies were not gutted. Some had bite marks on them from the chest on down that resembled a dog or a creature like unto a serpent. The worst part about the entire affair was that the corpses that piled up in the morgue were put there by a fiendish animal that didn’t play favorites. Men, women and young children were all laid up on cold slabs like old fire wood waiting to be burned. Laythan knew that vampires were at it again-more specifically, Lita and members of her family were on the prowl. By confining their prey to the poorest slums of London, they drew little attention because no one cared about the people who inhabited them. They wouldn’t be missed-so they thought. The losses of children were especially difficult for him to stomach. He felt as though he was reliving the nightmare from Czechoslovakia decades earlier. The up close experience of little Joni never left his mind. He never forgot how Olexa suffered when he was killed. Decades later, when he sat still and thought about all the pain his death caused her and the community, he felt as though someone had snatched his heart out of his chest. Even worse, he sometimes thought about how old Joni would be and what he would be doing in life. When he did, he felt like weeping. Thoughts of what might have been had he lived a full life was just too much to ignore or push out of his system. Laythan was hard as granite on the outside to those impious souls who opposed him. But to the victims he cared about, he was as soft as a bowl of mush inside. He was as loving and compassionate as one who wanted to wrap his entire arms around all of them and give them an everlasting embrace-just to let them know that they were truly loved. 
	The year shaped up to end in a way he didn’t foresee. Knowing that Lita was in the very bosom of English society left her almost untouchable to those who had no idea who and what she really was. She captivated men and used her will to gain the admiration of the elite women. Being rich meant that she didn’t have to use her powers excessively to retain respect and envy. People held that view of just about anyone with money and power. Where she hid her followers was still unknown. One had to remember that as much as she hated Laythan she was extremely leery of him. She had no doubt that her best bet was to simply make new vampires and keep Lynette, Lisa, Jessica and the others hidden away. She had big dreams for them. They would rule with her one day when their kind openly dominated the human race. Where their ruling center point would be was unclear. There were so many choices-St. Viktersburg, New Holland, Germany-even France. The sky was the limit. They were the future-the new breed of vampires to come in the latter centuries. With her blood in their veins, they would reign as superiors. Other vampires she created while in London were expendable. They were treated like her slaves, not her family. The children she took from the orphanages in Czechoslovakia were her heart and soul. She knew that if she were somehow destroyed, the world would have many versions of her to deal with-versions who were equipped with her kind of authority. 
	The final week of 1888 was in full swing and for the wealthy and famous, life was good. For the poor, life stunk. Laythan did what he could to help. He managed to arrange a large supply of food for all those in the slums who were unable to afford the Christmas dinners other families enjoyed. He also had tons of Christmas toys shipped from all over the world and gave them to children who were too poor to afford them. Although he fought a losing battle, he provided a network of private, medical programs to treat and cure illnesses. All these services and more were free of charge to them. As New Years Eve grew closer, parties reached a climax all over the city. An annual New Year’s Eve celebration was held at the Prime Minister’s estate. The guest list included every ‘who’s who’ in London and elsewhere. Laythan never attended although they begged him to each year. Lita, who appeared and disappeared without warning to her adoring public and private admirers-particularly male, graced their presence, nevertheless, even she couldn’t keep a secret like hers from everyone forever. Ursula was in attendance with her family and friends. However, that drink that Ainsley threw in her face humiliated her. She changed. She was less talkative. She moped and spent each day wondering why her rival was so blessed and she so cursed.
	The people present were too numerous to count. Only a very few stood out and Lita was one of them. She always sported a condescending attitude and way about herself around the elite-like they were beneath her. They were. They had in their midst an entity that was unstoppable if she ever wanted to unleash her full wrath on them. Ursula’s friends kept her company as she attempted to enjoy herself.  She watched the door breathlessly hoping to see Laythan walk through but he never did. The fact that Ainsley was absent made her suspect that they were together. Her anxiety level had grown so high that her body began to crumble under the stress. She looked flushed and for a while didn’t feel well. She practically made herself sick because of her neurosis. Natalie, Ursula’s closest friend, offered to take her to the powder room-away from the noise of the crowd.
	When they entered, Lita was inside alone. She looked into the mirror-as though to check out her makeup, which she wore very, very little of. Her natural beauty was so prominent that she never needed any before or after she became a vampire. Natalie told Ursula to sit down on one of the chairs in the large room and to relax for a while. Lita was further down leaning over the sink adjusting her hair. She had on a long, silver evening gown that showed off her curves, which men drooled over anytime she was within eyesight. She was able to see her own reflection in the mirror. However, Ursula looked and noticed something odd. She saw her reflection but didn’t see Lita’s. Was she suffering from some kind of hallucination? She wasn’t that sick. As Natalie stepped inside one of the bathroom stalls, she chatted away about everyone at the event. Lita starred at herself motionlessly. Ursula slowly stood up to see if her eyes were playing tricks on her. She inconspicuously walked toward Lita.  The closer she approached, the more her eyes revealed the truth. She watched herself in the long, wall length mirror opposite the sink as she simultaneously looked for Lita’s reflection. She saw none.  Ursula had a clear cut view of her at an angle that was unmistakable. To make certain, she slowed her pace as she pretended she was on her way out the door. She stopped momentarily behind Lita. Again, she saw herself but Lita’s image was missing. She took a deep breath and realized that she was in the presence of someone scary.
 “Is there a problem I can help you with?” Lita snarled in a creepy, powerful voice-a voice so strong that Ursula fell backward on the floor as though someone had pushed her.
	Lita’s eyes were deep and horrifying.  Natalie heard the loud thud from a body falling to the floor and exited the stall to see what the noise was.
 “My God, whatever happened to you? I step away to fix my undergarments for a second and you end up on your tush,” Natalie charged. 
 She knelt down to help Ursula up off the floor. Both women froze as Lita stood over them. Natalie didn’t notice Lita’s image missing in the mirror. Ursula was breathing hard and fast and didn’t know what to make of her. However, she had read enough spooky stories to know that vampires or witches didn’t have a reflection-at least not visible to others. That was always just a myth and fantasy-or was she wrong. Ursula’s experience was so unbelievable that her mind raced out of control. She felt faint for a moment but managed to gather her bearings. She was too curious to let what she had seen just lay by the way side. 
	Lita returned to the event. She continued to mingle among the guest-some whom she knew very well. The women found gaining access to her next to almost impossible for much of the night. Everywhere she stepped she was surrounded by men who followed her around like puppies. At one point, Ursula made Natalie swear on her life that she would keep a secret she had discovered. They both stood close enough to see Lita among the throngs of men that surrounded her. Ursula pulled out her compact, makeup mirror and gave it to Natalie, who stood with her back to Lita. She told Natalie to look into the mirror and tell her what she saw. She named some of the men she saw chatting with Lita. She hesitated. She turned and saw Lita talking with them. She turned back and looked into the mirror and saw the same images. However, Lita’s image was missing. She repeated the same process over and over with the same results. The men seemed to be talking to someone in the middle of them who wasn’t there.
 “Oh my goodness,” Natalie said in a panic. “Oh my God! We have to get out of here. What is she?” 
 She grabbed Ursula’s hand out of fear.
 “Where is her reflection?” 
“She doesn’t have one,” Ursula responded.
 “Ursula,” I’m scared,” she admitted. “Maybe she’s like one of those ghost women we’ve heard about from East Europe. I’ve read about such things in Penny Dreadful and other horror tales printed in the newspapers. Don’t tell me their actually true.” 
“Apparently they are. A lot of things can lie to us Natalie, but our eyes never lie. She’s exactly what we see…or in her case, don’t see.” 
	Natalie trembled. She was genuinely frightened and her mind struggled to process what her eyes revealed. She questioned if she was even awake or in a real world. Vampires didn’t exist in real life. They always found reading about fictional creatures of the night scary and fun. But their sanity was safe in the knowledge that they were all made up as images from the imagination of Writers. But now their world was turned upside down with the revelation that the night things they read about for years were as real as they were. They felt helpless. Who could they tell? How would they sleep at night knowing what they did? The enormity of their realization shook their minds to the core. Natalie’s rush of fear and desperation hit her so hard that she hyperventilated and passed out. Her father and mother rushed to her as word reached them from guests’ that their daughter had fainted. Ursula stayed with her dear friend through the entire ordeal. Someone suggested that they take her to the powder room. 
“NO! NO! We’re not taking her in there!” 
People were stunned by Ursula’s reaction and assured her that they would lay Natalie on a couch in the guest room instead. She demanded that others remain with them until a doctor examined Natalie to make sure she was ok.
	As Natalie’s parents and other concerned women sat and tended to her as she lay on the couch, Lita walked in. An indescribable silence fell over the room. No one questioned why she came to see Natalie, especially since she didn’t know her family that well. Still, everyone knew who she was. She strolled over to the couch. Ursula was seated on the edge with a tight grip on Natalie’s hand. 
“How are you feeling my dear?” Natalie’s eyes widened when Lita reached down to touch her hand.
 “Don’t touch her,” Ursula warned protectively.
 “My dear. I’m afraid you have me all wrong. I heard your friend passed out near me. I only wanted to see how she was feeling. I’m not here to hurt you or her. I apologize for the intrusion.” 
She turned and walked away. The other women present wondered what the hostility between the ladies was all about.
	After Natalie recovered, her mother insisted that she remain in the guest room with her other friends and have their own little gathering. Her sudden illness didn’t put a real damper on the party. For one reason, there were so many people there that some weren’t even aware of what happened. Just the same, their family doctor was in attendance. He advised her to rest and to reframe from any more wine just to be on the safe side. After a careful examination, he assured her parents that she most likely drank too much, too fast or was possibly suffering the beginning of a cold virus. Natalie hated for her parents to miss out on the festivities because of her.  She begged them to return to their associates. She was fine as long as the other girls remained with her. 
	Her parents reluctantly agreed and left the room-satisfied that she was in good hands. Ursula was unable to let go of what they stumbled onto. A half hour after Natalie’s parents left she quietly told her that she was going to check on a certain matter. She was afraid for Ursula. She had that look in her eyes-the same kind of look she developed that had landed her in trouble from the time they were kids together. She was well aware of how Ursula ignored warning signs of danger and plunged head on into them because of her inability to control her curiosity. She was the type of person who had to know the reasons for everything.
	She suspected Ursula was going out to learn more about the mysterious Miss Reznik. Ursula lied and claimed she was only going to search the party to see if Laythan showed up. Whether Natalie believed that is any one’s guess.  Regardless, the explanation kept her calm and comforted her sense of anxiety. The estate was alive with people inside and out. There was a large gazebo that some hung out in. Lovers, as cool as the temperature was, strolled the grounds hand in hand amidst a vast number of security who always patrolled such events. After searching for Lita inside with no results, she canvassed the grounds outside. To her surprise, she was on the front lawn. She found a small, quiet section all to herself.  The sound of music echoed from inside and laughter from those outside who enjoyed the unusually mild December weather. The grounds were very well lit. She stood just a few yards away-her back turned to the estate.  Attractive cut bushes that were about knew high surrounded her. 
	Ursula watched her and involuntarily marveled at how men must have seen her through their eyes. She even looked beautiful from behind. Lita slowly puffed on a cigarette as she lapsed into deep thoughts that only she could distinguish. She even made smoking a cigarette look sensual. She was the woman that most other women wanted to be-to look like. And that seem to include Ursula. She eventually felt Ursula’s presence behind her. Ursula knew Lita was aware of her. The fact that she was ignored elevated her curiosity about such a secretive woman. She became more mystified by her. This was not some ploy, some game or some type of reverse psychology by Lita. She genuinely couldn’t have been more disinterested in what anyone thought.
	Unlike other inferior creatures of her kind, she possessed incredible self control. She had a city of unfortunates to devour. She wasn’t about to risk fear and paranoia taking hold of her social circle by killing them off. That would bring unnecessary suspicion on them, which would include her. She restricted her blood thirsty consumption only to those who wouldn’t be missed by the public. She was content for the time being. Unless absolutely necessary, she had no intentions of creating vampires from the aristocratic people she associated with. For one reason, she felt they were unworthy of her brand of immortality. That’s why although she was death, Ursula was safe around her. Under any other circumstances she would have been chewed to pieces. 
	“Are you going to stand there all night watching me? Or is there something in particular that interest you.” 
 She leisurely turned her head around. Her eyes zeroed in on Ursula-her face stern and serious. She held her cigarette elegantly between her fingers, which were covered by her long, silver opera gloves. Ursula struggled to think of an answer. After hesitating she managed one.
 “I don’t know. I just know that you’re different, strange-” 
“Humph, please. Don’t kid yourself,” as she cut Ursula off. “I’m no more strange or worse off than the people here tonight. I see what you can’t. And just like them, you lack a great deal of knowledge about what constitutes being strange. All this is a shell to cover up what these people really are underneath. Most of them are deviants. And I see through all of them like glass.” 
“I didn’t mean that as an insult,” Ursula insisted as she stepped forward. 
“That’s close enough,” Lita sharply warned. Ursula froze in her tracks. “I’ve had just about as much closeness as I can stand from your types for one evening.  Even I can only tolerate but so much.” 
She returned to her original position and stood with her back turned. Ursula took a deep breath and began again.
 “I want to apologize for being so rude earlier. But please understand. I was afraid-for me and my friend.”
 “I do understand.  No offense taken.” Lita replied. “There is nothing wrong with protecting someone you care about. You should never apologize for that.” 
A pause ensued, and then Ursula continued.
 “You’re not like the rest of us.” 
“That young lady is the most truthful statement you’ve made all night,” Lita agreed.
“I guess what I mean is…how did you become what you are? Are you really like they describe in the books we read? You’re so dominant-so feared-so powerful. And please don’t put me off. I may not be as wise as you but I know you’re more than what other people see you as. 
“And you-what do you see me as?” Lita requested.
“What I didn’t see is what led me to believe that you were either a witch or-” 
“Or what?” Lita dared.
 “A vampire,” Ursula reasoned. 
She turned and stared at the young socialite-her eyebrows were slanted downward indicating her annoyance. 
“What do you want?” She posed.
 “I’d like to be strong and beautiful like you. Men fall in love with you before they even see your face. They chase you by the thousands. They won’t leave you alone for more than a moment unless you spur them away.”
 “And you think I can give you the ability to have men worship you-is that right?” Lita enquired. 
	Ursula stuttered in her attempt to hide her vanity.
 “Well, I just-”
 “My dear young lady,” she disrupted, “you need to take another look in the mirror. You’re a pretty girl-very pretty girl. And yet, you come to me for advice and power to cast spells on men who would already take to you if you only gave them half a chance.” 
She sighed in frustration as she exhaled on her cigarette before continuing. 
“With your generation, it’s always something. In the midst of hundreds of men you still feel the silly need for some kind of magic to encourage all of them to love you.” 
“Not all of them-just one,” Ursula replied. 
“No man is worth all that.”
 “He is to me. His name is-” 
“I don’t care to know what his name is,” Lita cut in. “I suggest you obtain a little more assurance about yourself. If you don’t possess enough confidence about who you are unless you drag someone into loving you, you’ll never really have any. And trust me that can destroy you.”
	She was dissatisfied with Lita’s advice and fired back.
 “That’s very easy to say when you’re the attraction, the dream and desire of every man who looks at you. You wouldn’t understand.  A man can’t see you when there’s another woman in his eyes.” 
“And you want her removed. Now I see.” Lita realized. “So that’s what this is all about. You think with her out of the way he’ll come to you-and on his own free will.” 
“I know he will,” Ursula declared.
 Lita looked her up and down like a specimen of some kind and again, turned her back on her.
“You don’t know much-not about men anyway. Men like him never come to women like you-not after you spoil what they have with someone else. Even if he did, which he won’t, but if he did, whatever horrible deed you committed would be there. There would always be that secret between you two. It would always be there waiting to come out-to surface and ruin what you two have. You’d always be afraid-worried that he would discover what you’ve done. You wouldn’t have one moment’s peace with him all of your life. The stress of concealing the blackness of your heart would put you into an early grave. Is any obsession; is any man or any love worth that much? I don’t think so.” 
“So I’m to just sit and do nothing?” Ursula implored. 
 “If you interfere you’ll only drive him further away.” 
“He’s far enough away from me as it is. I want him closer. I respect who you are but I must disagree.” 
“Of course you do, you’re obsessed with him, even though he’s blind to you.”
 “I’m no more obsessed with him than you are with your youth and immortality.” 
She slowly turned her head around and glared at Ursula.
 “Touché. But my youth and immortality will never leave me. A man can always leave you broken hearted and even worse-simply broken.” 
	“What am I to do then-Just give up?” She pleaded.
 “I suggest you move on to someone else,” Lita advised. “As for me…I am what I am. What you choose to see me as is of no consequence. My life is my own and is not to be tampered with by anyone.” 
She flicked her cigarette on the ground and walked toward Ursula on her way back inside, who fell to her knees and grabbed Lita’s hand, which surprised her. She didn’t like being touched in general, particularly by mortals. 
“Please. I must relieve this burning inside my heart and my soul for what I desire-what I need. Please, you’re my last hope. I must have him.” 
Lita paused for an instant.
 “Sorry, I don’t do missionary work. You have me confused with all of these court jesters here tonight. These wretches, who scrape, bow and live by the exchanges of favors from one day to the next. Again, move on with your life.”  
She pulled her hand away. Ursula’s head slumped downward as she attempted to keep her sadness in check. She didn’t want anyone to see her cry. She wiped the tears away as quickly as they fell. Visions of Laythan and Ainsley together left her totally defeated deep inside. She didn’t want to live without him in her life. 
	Several days later, the London House Theatre held a showing of what was still considered to be the technical advance of the century. Thomas Edison had invented the motion picture back in 1877. As each year passed the phenomenon of viewing people on screen that actually moved grew in leaps and bounds. Audiences were able to see action in progress and stories played out. This was incredibly big in England. The London House Theatre latched on to the public’s appetite and made their presentations bigger each year. One night, Lita was at one of the shows that promised films from the west and other places as well. English citizens could see how people from other countries lived. This was not only interesting but very educational. The motion pictures from abroad gave them insight into cultures that often differed and mirrored their own. 
	The first show was at 7:00pm. Although located in the heart of London, just a short distance from the Thames River, the London House was not the largest theatre in the city. But the structure was one of the most famous and a place to be seen and to run into important people from all walks of life. Although Lita had offers from hundreds of men the week before who desperately wanted to escort her, she refused and came alone. She understood the power of the sex appeal that accompanied her very essence as a vampire. But again, she resented weakness and weak men and managed only to tolerate them at best. There were a few who came across with a little more pride than others although they wanted her just as much. She respected them a little more because they at least tried to hide their obsession from her. 
	Shocking and ironically enough, the only man she really ever respected fully was Laythan-who she hated. Although she wanted to destroy him, she often lamented to herself how wonderful life would have been to have such a man love her. She admitted in her heart that there was not a man in the universe who could even come close to his style, his presence and his power. “Where is my Laythan Kendrew?” She often wondered to herself. She was annoyed at the fact that men like him always seemed to be on the side of righteousness instead of evil. Her mouth watered at the thought of having him and his power as a vampire. As such, they both would be invincible.
	During the intermission, she strolled majestically up the isle as men, both single and married, gawked uncontrollably at her.  As she stood with her designer fan, different individuals approached and greeted her. She felt that if another man kissed her hand, she was going to erupt. It was so incongruous. True, there was never a more beautiful vampire than she, yet, her beauty became almost like a prison for her. Attention was nice. However, she grew tired because there was so much given to her. Sometimes she just wanted to be left alone. Men especially treated her as though she was a super star no matter where she turned up. She simply became exhausted from guys throwing themselves at her century after century. They were boring and predictable. At her own dismay, she began to see what Ursula saw in Laythan. He was a real man regardless of his stance. And real men did not throw themselves at a woman-not any woman. As one herself, she knew females never respected men who did that. There is nothing lower than being needy.
	Speaking of which, the very person she inadvertently thought about approached her from the side.
 “Good evening Miss Reznik.”
 “Ursula.” Lita replied. 
“I didn’t know you attended the pictures. Fancy running into you here,” Ursula noted. 
During their short interaction, she noticed that Ursula’s eyes began to wander in every direction. She was looking for someone. Despite the other annoyances, Lita found moving pictures quite titillating. She was able to look up at the screen and place herself within the frame. She expressed her delight to Ursula, who appeared to miss some of what she said. 
“Looking for someone my dear?” 
 “I’m sorry. Please forgive for my rudeness. Actually, I’m always looking for him,” Ursula said with an apologetic tone.
 “Oh, that again,” Lita responded. “He must be quite the man for you to make such a fool of yourself over.”  
Ursula looked her square in the eyes.
 “Laythan Kendrew is not just any man. He’s every man for every woman.” 
  Lita stopped fanning.
 “Laythan? Are you to mean Laythan Kendrew the billionaire Scotsman?” She questioned sharply as the frown on her face intensified. 
 “Of course, who did you think I meant?” Ursula reacted.
 Lita’s eyes began to sparkle with an evil gleam in them.
 “I had no idea that he was the one you so loved.” 
“And I’d do anything to have him.” 
“Is that so? Lita enticed.
 “Yes-anything,” Ursula reiterated.  
After a pause, Lita reconsidered. 
“As reluctant as I am to get involved, I may be able to help you after all-providing you do exactly as I say.
 “Agreed,” Ursula replied without hesitation. 
“We’ll talk later once you’ve seen the entire show. I have a house east of London-the Gravesend section. Meet me there in three hours. 1366 Warden Road. Come alone and tell no one.”
 She turned and headed for the front exit.
 “Aren’t you going to stay and see the rest of the show? Ursula wondered. 
 “Haven’t time for that. I need to go home and prepare.” 
“For what?” Ursula wondered.
 “Why you of course,” she said with a devilish smirk on her face. 
	Ursula returned to her seat relieved, happy and full of joy. She finally had assurances that the man she wanted would be hers. All that she desired was at her finger tips-for a price. Whatever Lita had planned was anybody’s guess. One aspect of their joint venture was certain. Ursula got involved with someone she was unable to comprehend. But her mind was no longer her own. Her obsession with Laythan had driven her insane and no one else in the universe mattered. If not for that fact, Lita would have written Ursula off. However, she realized that she could use her in a plot to bring Laythan to his knees directly in front of her. There was one problem she had to account for. He was no ordinary man-and he bowed to no one. Whatever plan she had in mind to make that happen needed to be flawless. One mistake, one misstep, one miscalculation and she could end up with her head on his sword. Maybe others had no idea who they were dealing with but she did. She knew what he was capable of. If she could destroy him the world would truly be hers for the taking without any opposition.

CHAPTER TWENTY SIX
	Several days following Ursula and Lita’s encounter, Ainsley came home after work to bathe and take a short nap. She and Laythan were going out. He ran rather late due to an abundance of corrections his company had to make in constructing the rail system that would run through London. He sent word by messenger to her parents earlier, to notify her that he would be unavoidably detained at work. This gave her opportunity to rest up after an exhausting day at the store.
	By the time she reached her room on the second floor upstairs on the second floor the time was 5:00pm-just after sunset. The street lamps brightened up the night. She got as far as unbuttoning and pulling her dress down to her shoulders. She stopped and opened her large wardrobe closet, which had a body size mirror on one of the doors. She reached in and pulled out a house gown to change into too after her bath. She closed the door back. She gazed into the mirror as women often do and studied her appearance. She checked for any wrinkles in her face but saw none. Her skin was flawless as ever-her face as beautiful as the day before. She turned around to head toward the bathroom. 
“Aagh!” She screamed.  
She dropped her gown to the floor. She was startled and completely taken aback. Ursula stood before her. She was confused.
 “What on earth are you doing here in my bedroom-my house for that matter?! Who let you in here?” She demanded.
 “Why Ainsley, I’ve been here for some time. Didn’t you see me behind you in your mirror?”
 “What the…?” She turned her head around to look. She did a double take because of what she didn’t see. She saw herself but Ursula’s image wasn’t there. She frowned as she struggled to admit her eyes were not playing tricks on her. At that moment she realized she was in terrible danger. Ursula expressed a slight grin-revealing her new physical editions-a lethal set of fangs.
	Before she could re-act or escape, Ursula was upon her. She grabbed Ainsley by her waist in a bear hug and sank her sharp teeth into her shoulder. Ainsley screamed as some of her blood spewed out and down her back-staining her lightly shaded dress. The bite and rapid blood drainage rendered her body limp. She passed out. Ursula scooped her up effortlessly. Her mother-the only other person home at the time, heard Ainsley’s scream from downstairs in the kitchen. She immediately ran upstairs to her room. She bolted in. She spotted blood on the floor and Ainsley’s blood stained body in the hands of a young girl she knew but had no idea why she was in her home. Ursula exhaled a hollow sigh that warned her to stay away. When she saw the fangs and the dead, discoloration of her eyes, a chill traveled through Mrs. Corrs entire body. Ursula hopped up onto the window sill and leapt out.
 “No!!” Mrs. Corrs pleaded.
 She ran over to the window and looked out. Both women had vanished. There was no way anyone could have jumped from her second floor, land and simply disappear a few seconds before being seen. Nevertheless, that‘s exactly what happened. Mrs. Corrs became hysterical and ran through the house screaming.
	By the time the rest of her family arrived home the police were on the way. The house and the entire property were treated as a crime scene. Reporters surrounded the house and snapped as many pictures outside the premises as possible. The detailed statement Mrs. Corrs gave to police caused them to scratch their heads and doubt her sanity. Some believed that she was suffering from shock and therefore, must have gotten the facts of the events confused. Some believed that maybe Jack the Ripper had struck again-this time in an upscale part of London instead of the poverty stricken areas of White Chapel’s East End. Some theorized that maybe he was beginning a new wave of murders and unlike before, this time his victims would all be wealthy. That line of thinking is what lead them to assume that the mass murderer was not a doctor but a resentful poor person after all-or perhaps someone who originated from very humble beginnings.  
	They were as wrong as anyone could be. Ursula alone would have chewed Jack up and spat him out like chewing gum.  Since he was never caught, he very well may have run into Lita or a strange woman late at night who he assumed was another easy victim but instead, was a vampire she created who in turn, ripped him to pieces. When Laythan got wind of what happened, he was still on the jobsite preparing to leave. A messenger rode twenty blocks down to where he was and gave him the news sent by Ainsley’s father. The police was dumb founded and no matter how many times they asked her, Mrs. Coors gave them the same account. Laythan sent word for Argyle and Novak to meet him at the Corrs residence. Ainsley was officially reported as a kidnapped victim. Mrs. Corrs didn’t know if she was dead or alive when Ursula jumped out of their second story window because her body was completely flaccid. 
	When Laythan arrived he walked into the home as police stood guard against Reporters, neighbors and curious on lookers. When he came through the door an unexplained calm fell over the living room.  Up until that moment, pure chaos ruled. Mrs. Corrs was seated on the couch as two of her sons comforted her. He walked over and stopped in front of her in an attempt to ease her mind. Before he could speak, she grabbed his arm as grief poured out of her. For whatever reason others couldn’t explain, she had faith in him. She somehow felt that he could help where the police were unable to.  She sensed that he was capable of doing more than just throwing money around. Her daughter was in a situation where money was useless. She begged him to find her. Other officers who were within ear shot quietly scoffed at what they felt were a huge over estimation of his ability. 
	He loved Ainsley but tried his best to put aside his feelings just for a moment in order to see the whole picture of events in front of him clearly. He asked one of the policemen in charge of the investigation if he could go upstairs and have a look at Ainsley’s room. He had no objections. The scene was processed and pictures taken. There was evidence of a struggle because blood was on the floor. Argyle and Novak, who arrived shortly after, accompanied him. All three men examined her large quarters. Novak examined the spot where she had been taken. He knelt down and rubbed his hand across the blood that stained the floor. Ainsley’s gown was on the floor and left untouched. As the other two men looked over the room, Novak stood in front of her wardrobe closet. He began to think-to concentrate. He opened and closed her door over and over again as he looked behind him. He noticed only one hanger was unused. He saw that the mirror lined up with the blood stains on the floor. He realized he was in the same exact spot she was in as he turned around. 
	His mind began to form a clear scenario of what occurred. Once he put that all together he shook his head in approval.
 “She never saw her,” he stated.
 “Huh? What are talking about? Argyle asked.
 “She-never-saw her,” he slowly repeated.
 They approached to hear Novak’s wisdom. 
“She was facing the mirror. She was looking at herself but she couldn’t see Ursula’s reflection. She was startled when she turned around. That’s probably when she dropped her gown.” 
Argyle asked carefully, “Are you saying what I think you’re saying?” 
“I’m saying that the woman who took her…was a vampire. Laythan’s facial expression pleaded for his fellow brother to be wrong.  However, he wasn’t. 
Novak continued.
“And that’s what took her. Before she could run, she slammed into her and bit her. But she must have grabbed her quickly and neatly to avoid any other damage than you see here. Note the mirror behind me. Look how close the blood is to her wardrobe. If Ursula had really tackled her in just some ordinary fight or struggle as women sometimes do, the mirror would have been cracked or even broken-especially the kind of fight and damage those two would have caused.  And her mother swears that Ursula had Ainsley in her arms when she jumped out that window.”
 “Precisely,” Argyle agreed as Novak continued.
 “You and I both know that as fast as her Mrs. Corrs claims she got to the window, there’s no way one person, let alone two, could have landed from this height and simply ran out of site before being seen. This is a long and very large house, so a person would need at least ten seconds at best, while carrying a body just to be able to run fast enough to be out of view before being seen from this location.”
 “And the blood?” Laythan asked with a heavy heart.
 “Well, look. There’s not enough to accompany a stabbing or a gunshot as far as I can tell. But notice how the blood seems to have trickled out in droplets. Stabbings and gunshots cause blood to gush out-to splatter very violently. This was neat, as though her blood was spilled in the act of drinking it-the way a child spills water when their learning to drink from a cup for the first time.  And we all know what kind of creature does that. Whatever happened, Ursula either willingly or had the unfortunate luck of running into one.” 
“Or maybe she discovered what Lita was and played around and got burned,” Laythan interjected. 
	“We need to take a look outside to get an idea which direction Ursula may have taken her,” Novak urged. 
The police were investigators of natural crime. But dealing with crime from those with supernatural powers, they were completely out of their league and utterly useless for the most part. To be able to track vampires and other creatures of death, one had to have a spiritual, supernatural gift that rivaled theirs. This was essential because after all, the beings they hunted and killed were supernatural because of their spiritual power, not their physical power. Without an extraordinary spirit, a body dead is just another dead body.
	Once outside, these facts became apparently clear. Novak stood directly under where he surmised Ursula landed. He held up the lamp and looked over the lawn. He noticed that there were foot prints. The grass was extremely green; yet, he quickly noticed patches of dead grass in the shape of footprints that lead all the way up to the front sidewalk. Dead grass does not form in the shape of foot prints on a perfectly manicured lawn. Ursula’s body carried a damned soul. Much of what that soul touched in human form often died on the spot. This was a tell tale sign of vampires. The cops missed that completely. The prints tracked all the way up to the curb. But which way did she go? Argyle walked a few paces down from the house. 
“I’m not sure where she went but I’m sure she went in this direction,” he said with certainty.
 “How do you know?” Novak requested.
 “This block is lined with healthy green trees. Look at this one here.”
 They came closer and held up their lamps. The tree was withered, dead and looked completely out of place.
 “Ursula,” Laythan noted.
 “She brushed up against this one on her way down the street-no doubt to a waiting carriage that was parked right here.” Novak believed.
	The police also paid a visit to Ursula’s parents, who she lived with. They swore that she went absent for one day or so, which worried them enough and about to call the police. However, she showed up unharmed and seemed fine. Laythan and his friends also visited Ursula’s home and spoke with her parents. She was known to go off to have a good time with Natalie and her other friends for a day and remain overnight at their place. But when they discovered that she wasn’t with any of them, they grew concerned. They described her behavior as somewhat strange. She hadn’t been eating and she would disappear all day and only come home at night. Without fail, she was always up and gone before day break. They knew because the servants would hear her leave. 
	They didn’t tell them that Ursula was dead and gone, and that her body was the property of a new spirit. They couldn’t cure all the world’s problems. That was one her parents would have to deal with sooner or later. The task at hand was to find Ainsley. No other issue was more important than that. They discussed whether calling on every address Lita was known to have a constructive use of time. After all, they had no proof she had a hand in the matter. Still, Laythan felt inside his bones that she was involved somehow. Until he saw Ainsley’s lifeless body in front of him he refused to accept the fact the she was dead. Argyle and Novak convinced him to be patient enough to wait until daylight. She had three main residencies that they knew of. Laythan argued that every second Ainsley was missing potentially brought her closer to death. The clock was ticking. They agreed and split up. Each man took an address and with heavy weapons and fearlessness, paid a call to all three. They were all gothic style estates that people living nearby stayed far away from. Although her homes were well kept and maintained they couldn’t hide the oar of doom that pervaded them to those who had to ride past them.
	Being very careful as to not get accused of trespassing, the men dared to enter in each of her homes in hopes Ainsley would be located. They crept around inside. But to their dismay, they found no one. No caskets, no secret cellar underground. Lita was smart. She knew that she was vulnerable during the day. She wasn’t foolish enough as to actually sleep at a known address. The men agreed to meet back at Laythan’s Home after their search. He arrived first. As his servant Leonard, parked his coach, he walked up onto the front porch and found a note stuck to his door. He pulled the folded paper off and read.
	
“You can search from here until the end of time but you will never find your precious Ainsley. You have only one chance to save her life. Meet me on Forge Gate Avenue near the corner of East End Harbor by the pier at midnight. I will make an exchange-you for her. If you fail to show she will surely die at my hands. And trust me Laythan; I will multiply the suffering of her death ten times over.”
	
The note wasn’t signed. He had to endure a full day and wait until the following midnight to see her. He prayed the note was not a lie and that she was still alive. In any case, he was going to be ready. During that day he was restless. He realized just how much he loved Ainsley. At the same time, he also argued with his thoughts over the fact that by being with him, she was thrown into the middle of his war. He blamed only himself for that. Was he accurate in his assessment? Who could say? 

CHAPTER TWENTY SEVEN
The night before Laythan’s confrontation, Lita was nowhere to be found. That’s because she wasn’t asleep. She was taking a walk-an evening stroll if you will, in her favorite place. A place above all, was her most cherished playground-the cemetery. She loved the way the dirt felt on the bottom of her soles, especially when she was barefoot. The Agnesdale Cemetary was large and well kept but not heavily secured. Who played in such places except naive kids and drunkard young adults? That particular evening, she wasn’t taking part in any activity out of the ordinary for a vampire. She wandered from one spot to the next. She deliberated with a smirk on her face-as though she was privy to an inside joke she was playing on the world. The fog, as usual, was thick. Light from the street lamps and the moon above streamed down onto the outer edges of the landscape but deep inside the middle of the property, the light was extremely dim. For about a half hour she walked and plucked flowers, which withered and died the instant they touched her hand. Red roses turned black as she caressed the side of her face with them. She sniffed their aroma. She delighted in the smell of death-because she was death. She was dressed in a long, black ruffled dress and a black cape that complimented that dress. She appeared so tall in her high heel boots. The soil was especially sweet to her when the texture was rich, moist and dark. She folded her arms and came to a location where graves were fairly new. She looked innocent to the unassuming. But looks can be deceiving. She brushed past one grave stone after another until she arrived at a rocky slope that overlooked the grand resting place of those departed from the living. Before she ascended up the mound, she slowly unfastened the button on her cape, located at the neck. She allowed the garment to slide smoothly off her shoulders and down her arms as though it was alive. When she reached the tip of the rock she looked out over the grand cemetery. Tombstones protruded halfway above the fog’s surface. They appeared to be drowning in the white vapors and crying out for a savior. Wolves howled in the background from a distance. She appeared to be the gate keeper of the dead and was there to watch over them-to awaken them. Suddenly, she developed a smile and stretched out her arms. She raised them toward the night sky and without fan fare, walked back down the slope. She positioned her arms downward. Her cape slithered up from the ground and back around her arms. When the garb rolled up on her shoulders, she re-fastened the button and turned to see the results of her power. At first no action took place. But then, the fog dissipated and revealed a clearer view of the grounds. Slowly, dirt from the graves of those dead and buried began to move. Hands began to sprout up all over the sections. Most graves just caved in on themselves as bodies rose to the surface like a sunken ship that rising from the depths of the ocean. This is where her army of the dead had been all along. They were the thousands she fed on and turned into her immortal slaves. The corpses stood on their feet-most with holes in their skin where the worms and maggots had eaten through their flesh. There were men and women. In just a few moments, their decayed and rotted features were healed. Their skin was renewed and re-covered their bones. Their horrible appearance was replaced with the beauty that was evident of the vampire once they were re-animated. They became her secret blood supply the first day she entered England. Whatever she intended to do with the lost souls she summoned was a secret she kept to herself for the moment. She appeared to glide to her coach as the fog hovered around her knees near the entrance. She truly resembled a ghost woman in the night, which she had been since her inception into the living dead. She stepped into her ever opposing hearse like coach-pulled by her six black horses. She rode through the city streets to one of her unknown houses she owned surprisingly, in a working class area. Ursula was not the only woman who was fixated on Laythan. There were many others-too numerous to count. However, she was the only one who took her obsession as far as she did. Unfortunately, Lita had her line of men who were just as obsessed with her as the women were with Laythan. As she arrived at the front door of her residence she saw a man standing on the steps that led up to her porch. Even through the poor visibility, she managed to see who the person was. The stranger turned out to be Anthony Dupree. He had on a top hat and over coat. His bushy side burns, which she deplored, were unmistakable from a distance.  He rested his hand on his walking stick, which was purely used as a fashion statement. Her dark, masked driver halted and sat still. She stepped out. The door closed all by itself.
“Mr. Dupree,” as she approached. “I didn’t realize anyone knew about this house.” 
“Good evening my lady,” he replied arrogantly as he tipped his hat to her.
 “And a very late evening I might add.” She walked up the stairs and stood face to face with him. “Seeing how late this evening is I might ask you what you’re doing here.”
 “I guess you could say…I’m looking out for you. Parts of London can be very dangerous-especially with that Ripper fellow still on the loose.” 
“And ah…you just happen to find this location by accident-is that right?” 
“Not quite,” he confessed. “You see-”
 “You’ve been following me,” she interrupted. “I don’t like being followed Mr. Dupree. And as far as the Ripper goes, I can take care of myself-and him if I have to.”
 “Women always make brave statements like that-up until the moment they come face to face with death.”
 She hated his smug expression. 
“Unless you have a very specific reason for invading my privacy, I think leaving here now would be best for you. I have a lot of important affairs to attend to the coming day.”
 “Please Lita-I do have a reason for being here. Allow me come in for just a few moments.” 
After a pause she agreed.  He was playing games as far as she was concerned so she played along. 
	They stepped inside.
 “My Goodness, It’s so cold in her. Don’t you have heat? 
“This is to my liking. If you don’t care for the temperature then leave.” 
 They stopped in the middle of her living room.
 “You have one minute to state your business,” she said firmly. “Afterward, you’d better go home and never, ever come here again.” 
“I’ll tell you then. The reason I came here tonight was…”
 “Well?” She barked as he hesitated.
 “I came here to…to ask you to marry me.”
 She smiled at first, and then laughed in his face.
 “What do mean? Me? Marry you? You’re a child compared to me-and a spoiled child at that.” 
His manhood fell to the floor and was crushed under her feet. He grew desperate and irritated at her response.
 “Please, don’t tease me. I’m in love with you. I can’t stop thinking about you. I wonder who you’re with when I don’t see you. I haven’t been able to get you out of my mind since the first day I laid eyes on you.” 
“Join the club,” she snapped with a cold voice. “Every man I meet wants me. Of all the men that I’ve had in my life time, what makes you think that I would settle for a kid who thinks he has power because his family is connected to the government? What makes you think that I even remembered you existed up until tonight? You only pass through the windows of my eyes and mind when you’re in front of me. Once you’re out of my sight, you don’t exist-nor do I even remember you until you’re in front of me again. In between those times you-do-not-exist. Do you understand that?”
 Her words couldn’t have been more deadly to him than if she had shoved an ice pick into his chest. 
“Your minute is up and now you’re dismissed Mr. Dupree.”  She walked toward her front door to show him out.
 “There’s someone else isn’t there? Who? Who is he?!” Anthony shouted.”
 She walked back to over to confront and humiliate him further.
 “Who knows who I was with tonight,” she posed. “Maybe I was with Laythan Kendrew-the man that you fear-the man whose shoes you aren’t worthy enough to even wipe the dirt from. Yes, maybe he’s my secret lover.” 
Her statements sent him into a fury. He grabbed her by her upper her arms. 
“How dare you insult and ridicule me this way-after I followed you night after night to make sure you were safe when you came and went-to see that death never threatened you. I will have what I want. I will have you and there will be no rejections. I am a Dupree-do you know what that means?!” 
She fell silent as the look in her eyes became exceedingly deep and dark.
 “You should have worried about your own safety instead.” He looked confused.
 “What is that supposed mean?” He charged.
 She opened her mouth just enough for him to see inside. Her tongue came forward, licked and slid across the top of her lip then rolled back inside and up to the root of her mouth. Right before his very eyes, four of her regular teeth shifted their shape. They became sharp and extended up and downward. Her eyeballs turned completely black. Only then did he realize that she was not what he believed-she was worse. 
“What are you?!”
 She grabbed him by the throat.
 “I am death,” she announced.
 The nails on her left hand instantly grew into four inch razor sharp claws. She quickly shoved them into his throat and hoisted him up off the floor with one arm.
	One would have expected her to sink her teeth into his throat. She was a super vampire in every sense of the word. On the other hand, she didn’t want his flesh anywhere near her lips. But his blood would be hers. He kicked and wiggled as red fluid from his throat poured out and ran down each of her fingers and onto her arm-like snakes of some kind. The streaming liquid of his soul rapidly slithered up over her shoulder, up her neck and flowed into her mouth. No one had ever seen a vampire drink from a victim in that manner. She opened wide as the last of ounces of his life flowed into her mouth and down her throat. She licked her tongue across her lips. There he was, dead within a few moments–hanging lifelessly in the air by her hand. She released him and his body hit the floor with a big thud.
 “I tried for the longest to tolerate you because of your family. But you crossed the line. And no one crosses me.” 
She gazed at him with distain before stepping over his fresh corpse on her way to the basement. Out of the dark corners of her living room came four, huge dogs with a hellish, beast like look. They were her guardians while she slept during the day. One dragged his body down into the basement. The door locked shut behind all of them wouldn’t re-open until she arose again from her sleep. 
	Laythan, Argyle and Novak paced around anxiously as the clock ticked by much too slow. When time came for them to depart, they left twenty minutes before the hour in order to be on time. As they rode their horses on route to their destination, Big Ben, the famous London bell clock, rang repeatedly-signifying the midnight hour.  Argyle and Novak remained totally out of sight as back up. They didn’t want to give away their hand, which was the element of surprise. Laythan advanced slowly down the street that led to the pier of the Thames.  He saw a person here and there but for the most part, when night fell, everyone locked their windows and doors and remained inside until day break. The area also had a few dead end streets which meant that once entered into, there was no exit for an escape. The mist flowed through the air unusually quick. Horns from passing ships bellowed from both near and far as they sailed up and down the creepy harbor. 
	He stopped his horse and stepped down. The public lamps allowed him to see an image that beckoned him. The street was empty and row homes sat on either side accompanied by dark back alleyways that led to nowhere. The bridge was only two or three long blocks away. Straight ahead was Thames River. The closer he walked the vaguer the figure became-so vague until he lost sight of the person. He kept a sharp look out for any surprises.  Suddenly, a door from a house on his left opened. A light glowed from the entrance. As he readied himself, he heard the ghostly footsteps of someone walking with a haunting drag. He waited and reached inside his coat and grabbed his gun. To his surprise, Ursula slowly emerged from the doorway. And the house she exited from was Lita’s-the same one Anthony Dupree had his life in earlier.
	“Laythan,” she said in a sensuous-soft voice. “I’m so glad you came.” 
Her eyes were glossed over and full of doom. She moved with all the oar of a lost individual. His heart was heavy and his soul was sad because he really, really cared for her. He just figured she was a petty, young girl who would grow out of her bad habits and insecurities. He underestimated to what lengths she was willing to travel just to be with him. 
“Ursula.” Laythan murmured. “Is this what you wanted? What you bargained for-the damnation of your soul?” 
“There is no damnation as long as we’re together-and we will be. And I know you’ll agree to this because you’re a man of honor. You would never let Ainsley perish just to save yourself.” 
“Exactly,” A voice echoed from behind him. 
He turned quickly to see who the voice belonged to.
 “Lita,” he pronounced.
 “Just for the record Laythan, I refused to sully my hands in this matter at first. But after she told me you were the one she was after…well, I agreed to play a minor part in her plan.” 
As she talked, he quickly turned around with his back to her. He did that because at one point he discerned that she was simply an illusion that spoke to him. But he was a master at separating illusion from reality. When he turned his back on her, her real form was right where he knew she would be-in front of him.
 “Impressive,” she complimented. “I see your power of discernment hasn’t weakened over the years. “
	“I’m still able to keep up with the real you no matter where you move to.” 
“Hmmm. That’ll play a very significant part in whether Ainsley lives or dies,” she commented. “You see, what we have here is a trade-your life for hers.”
 The reply in his voice was intimidating. 
“What I see is a wicked piece of dirt that took advantage of the mental vulnerability of a young woman who needed help.” 
“She came to me on her own free will. I never approached her. I never even knew who she was-nor did I care. I only got involved because of you.”
 “Excuses for your cruelty won’t save you,” he stated. 
 “That’s precisely why I got involved. This war-this conflict between you and I has gone on long enough-too long. This has to end-tonight. I refuse to spend the next forty years looking over my shoulder-wondering if you’ll be there to cut my head off with that sword of yours. You’re either going to become one of us or die. It’s up to you.
 “Where is she?” he demanded. 
	Just look around Laythan. She’s right here. As she spoke, figures of people began to walk up from behind him. The bodies were many-too many for him to count right away. But as each face became clearer to his eye sight, he was amazed. All of them, who were obviously vampires, were identical replicas right down to most minute detail. They were dressed in different outfits; however, their images were inseparable. 
“I know how strong your power of discernment is. But are you powerful enough to discern the real Ainsley? That’s quite a different matter isn’t it? Here’s my proposition. If you choose the right one, you and she may walk out of here unharmed. If you choose wrong, she dies. I’ve seen how fast you can move. So I’ve made sure her images are paired together. That means a vampire is next to the real woman you love, just in case. If you dare disobey my stipulation, she’ll be dead before she hits the ground. I’d say a knife to the back of the heart would do the trick-wouldn’t you?” She had on her infamous red and black trim, full length robe-the same one she wore during their first altercation back in the village of Tvod. Her long hair was pinned up into a twist with a pony tail that fell down her back. He noticed but couldn’t figure out why that bothered him. 
	He looked as each version of Ainsley cried out to him at the same time.
 “Take me Laythan, I’m over here! No Laythan, I’m the real one!” 
He looked as Lita backed away into the crowd, which surrounded him completely in the street. They all pleaded with him to take them away because they were his true love. He searched the faces of each one. They all had tears in their eyes. They were all so very convincing. For a moment, he quickly studied the expression of each one. Then, he zeroed in on one who had tears flowing down her face. But she never uttered a single word. She simply starred into his eyes. When they met his, he knew. He began to back away slowly. Lita became concerned. 
“You’re time is up Laythan, which one do you chose?” He continued to back away into the haze until he was indistinguishable.
 “Laythan, chose-Now!” 
She received no answer as his figure stood silently in the midst of the haze. She nodded at one of her replicas-signaling her to execute Ainsley. The vampire reared her hand and prepared to shove a sixteen inch, serrated battle knife clean through her back and into her heart. She was five inches away from penetration when another blade, seemingly from nowhere, tore into her from the side. The ominous steel belonged to Laythan. The vampire’s heart was struck. She dropped to the ground with a scream before she perished. The others clutched their chests and let out a haunting cry. Lita was incensed. Laythan too had used an illusion of himself to divert attention away from where he really was. Ainsley fell into his arms due to so much blood loss. He reached into his coat and pulled out a gun and fired into the ground. The explosion lit up the street temporarily with simulated daylight rays that singed the skin and hair of the vampires. Suddenly, Novak appeared in front of Laythan.
 “Get her out of here!” He ordered Novak.
 They quickly hoisted Ainsley up on his horse. He held her firmly then galloped off down the street on route to her home. Argyle was stationed further down the street and acted as an escort to make sure Novak got her home safely.
	Ursula, who refused to accept that Ainsley didn’t die as promised, appeared behind Laythan. He felt her presence but only knew that a vampire was in back of him. He didn’t know which one. He instinctively turned and flung a spiked cross. The weapon penetrated her chest and exited her back-leaving a gaping and mortal wound. Her fellow vampires cringed as another one of their own was fatally injured. By the time he realized who he struck, it was too late to change what he’d done. All he could do was watch with horror and regret. She grabbed her chest as her life began to drain out of her. She dropped to her knees at first, and then slowly began to fall onto her side. He hurried over to catch her. Before she completely toppled over she reached out for his hand. Her eyes fixated on him. Her face, full of sadness, called out his name. He knelt down and held her with one arm and her face with the other.  His gentle touch rested on her cheek as she passed from the undead she was wedged in, to final death.
 “Ursula…Ursula,” he said softly in a compassionate tone.  “It’s going to be okay…it’s going to be ok.” 
Although necessary, he was so, so sorry for what he had done. She looked at him as she squeezed his hand and whispered to him for the last time.
 “Laythan…Lay-” And then her head collapsed completely into his hand. 
	He was not a man who rejoiced in the death of the weak, such as in her case. He never felt glad when an innocent person became deceived by any means and was eaten up by the wolves of the world. She brought him laughter although he didn’t feel the same way about her romantically. That didn’t stop him from feeling responsible for what overtook her. He felt he should have seen the actions of her sickness coming. Maybe he could have saved her. He wanted to save everyone deep down but that was impossible. He looked at her as she lay on the ground and thought about how much of a waste it was to lose her. His eyes watered up; after all, had she not met Lita, had she not escaped him back in Germany, she and Ursula’s path never would have crossed and she would be alive. Of all the deaths he had been close to, hers hit him as hard as Gilchrist’s-maybe even harder. One could argue that her downfall was worse for him because she was a delightful young woman in general. Laythan believed that women should always be protected. In Ursula’s case he always viewed himself as a failure because of what happened to her. 
	His sorrow, though great and heart breaking, turned to fury as vampires slowly closed in on him from all sides. He had had enough. And whenever Laythan got pushed to the edge, he pushed back-hard. He pulled his sword and raised the blade’s tip up to the sky. A full moon glared down onto the city.  Afterward, he violently struck the ground. Immediately, clouds swerved in the path of the moon and took on a deep, reddish color. Vampires knew a dangerous reaction was amiss and stood still. The same color developed on ground level within the fog began to spread out among them. When the vapors made contact with the closest vampires to him, they screamed and hissed and instantly began to decompose. This fog was mixed with the spirit of death that was summoned by him to destroy every undead entity that night. There was nowhere to run-nowhere to hide. This was the death nail for every vampire who was unfortunate enough to be in London. 
	The red mist floated down into the deepest, darkest cracks and crevices of every hiding place. Even Lita’s trusted hounds of hell rotted away in her basement.  The mist headed toward the river. Lita hadn’t gone far. She sat on a horse further down the street and saw what was taking place. However, she wanted him to stay close to her. She wanted her battle with him to cease-specifically because of the very miracles he had yet again, performed. The world wasn’t big enough for the two of them, neither was the universe as far as she was concerned. Her pride was unbending. She wasn’t just anyone, she was a Reznik and to her, her that name meant more to the world than the name of Kendrew. She was willing and ready to risk her own immortality to end a lifetime of harassment from vampire hunters. Laythan’s horse, who always knew when he was needed, trotted up to him as she stormed off on her black stallion. He followed from a distance through the streets. She made a right turn on Upper Thames Street and rode furiously along the river’s parkway until she reached the Southwark Bridge that crossed over the Thames River. Like so many others, this bridge connected the north region of London to the south regions such as, Newington and Lamberth. This was the narrowest section of the river, which meant she could cross fairly quickly. Unfortunately, she made one miscalculation. Slithering slowly toward her from the other side were the deadly vapors that annihilated her army of vampires.  She stopped half way across and dismounted from her stallion, which trotted slowly near the end of the other side and waited. That was crucial. If the fog were to touch her stallion; he too would be turned to ashes and bones. She would have no way to ride or escape. This was an indication of how serious she was about her conflict. If she was going to be sent to eternal damnation-she was going to take him with her. He rode up from behind. Between him and the vapors, she was boxed in. The only direction she could go was down into the river. And Lita would never go down without a fight.
	He stopped at a distance. He dismounted his horse, which trotted back to the entrance of the bridge. The structure seemed relatively flat to pedestrians but actually had an oval shape, which meant the highest point was at the center. She stood silently as he approached. A breeze came across and remained constant all night long. She looked past him and saw the red mist that illuminated the streets. In the distance she heard the horrid cries of thousands of vampires she created-fresh corpses who were no match for Laythan in the first place. All the souls she had stocked the east end with began to dry up.
	He reached for his sword. Unfortunately, he was in for a shocker. She stood firm and defiant. She unbuttoned her robe and slowly reached in and produced her own sword-a move he never expected. Hers was an ancient gothic sword appropriately named the Dragon’s Breath. The handle was red and gold. At the bottom was a round knob. She held in her hands forty four inches of destruction. He had no idea of her fighting style-how she attacked or moved. She on the other hand, knew that if she failed to dispose of him, the drifting he created would end her life. 
	He suspected her appearance was wrong-different when he saw her. Her hair was usually worn down.  That night her hair was pinned up and behind her head, yet, he still failed to see the relevance in that. He didn’t know that that was because she came prepared for a duel. Why of course, she wanted to keep her hair out of her face when she fought. She placed the point of her blade into the pavement as her hand rested on the top of the handle. She was confident and her smile annoyed him all the more. Rumblings vibrated from the sky. Gray clouds dropped down above the bridge. He noticed his surroundings were becoming more sinister. His eyes squinted in perplexity at first. The clouds began to swirl slowly then picked up speed until they resembled a tornado like funnel, which spiraled down into the river on either side of the bridge. When the funnel struck the water an earth scorching sound ensued, like the sound of volcanic ash flowing into the waters of a cold ocean. The noise level was deafening. He watched as the steam affect caused two great pillars of smoke to arise from the river, which was a mixture of black and gray soot. The fumes obeyed her as they completely engulfed them and the bridge. Seeing them was impossible by other people on the outside looking in. He too was cut off.
 “You have your elements-I have mine,” she said grim faced.  “Your vapors slowly approach but my death trap is already here.”
 “Smoke and mirrors,” He sneered.
 “Not this,” she disagreed. “This element is your doom, your burial-your crypt. You see, these components will suck the air out of our vicinity.” 
“No power you possess will stop death from coming this way. No element you conjure up is going to change that. When the red vapors touch you-you will turn to ashes.”  
“I’m aware. But how long will you be able to battle me before the breath of life is sucked from your body. We both have a short time. If I destroy you before your curse reaches me I can still find a way to escape.”  
He stepped closer to her and twirled his blade once or twice. She heard his breathing, which was very hard because of the rage that boiled over inside of him. 
“You must keep your temper or you can’t win,” she teased. 
His face was tense and stiff. He thought about Ursula’s needless death, what she put Ainsley through, all the innocent, poor children she ruthlessly fed on for years. He struggled to remain calm in order to concentrate on the task at hand. He stopped and held his sword by his side. Almost as quickly as the blink of an eye, she leapt high into the air and brought her blade straight down toward his head, which he blocked. She did a summersault while taking a second swing at the side of his neck in an attempt to cut his head off. He quickly swerved his sword to the side and blocked hers as the clash of the mighty blades sounded like gun blasts’ on contact.
On and on their battle raged. Her sword was extremely powerful. She managed to cut him when he came in for an attack. She stepped aside and in doing so, twisted her body like a rotisserie and slashed him clean across his left arm. Her sharp blade sliced through his coat like air. She missed him on one occasion and swung downward while he was on his knees. He masterfully warded off her unrelenting attack. She missed on one occasion but the blade came down and shattered section of the guard rail. She gave a huge, loose chunk of cement a kick-sending the piece plunging into the river. She managed to cut him a second time on the same arm. His blood was on her blade. Several moments into their war and she wasn’t even harmed. She paused and wiped his blood off of her blade with her finger and then stuck it in her mouth
 “Hmmm…you taste exquisite.” 
He had no response. He slowly circled her. She stood there-not so much as appeared to be on her guard. He had grown tired of her. He lunged forward. He started for her torso but with his unbelievable speed, ducked underneath her and swung. Her blade was a second too slow to counter. He cut her across the hip. Blood seeped out and ran down the side of her leg. The gash was deep and painful. 
	He looked at her with a taunt in his expression. Each time their weapons clashed, the concussion was like a host of gunshots. As the battle intensified, rolls of thunder emerged as flashes of lightening flashed across the night skies. There was no rain but the evidence of just how powerful the forces the two warriors represented was as real and earth shaking. The sight of Lita and Laythan on that bridge with swords that exploded with sparks and flashes of flames each time they connected was a site unlike any seen before or since. Each time their blades slammed into each other, thunder and lightning jolted down through the clouds. She had to hurry. At one point in their altercation, he was knocked backward on the ground by the force of her mighty fist. He arose quickly and pulled out both his pistols and fired in hopes of at least slowing her down or better yet, injuring her for a moment in order to get the upper hand. He opened up on her with a hail of gunfire. Unexpectedly, she blocked and warded off every bullet. She maneuvered her sword with speed that rivaled the lightening she herself had summoned. Her defense resembled a fireworks display when they struck Laythan’s gun shells. She contorted her body in ways that were unreal as she dodged the ones her blade missed. The deadly, slow moving vapors finally breeched the bridge entrance. Time was running out. She had to kill him or risk her own death before doing so. This caused her to rush prematurely. Their battle carried on for a while longer as thunder shook the very foundations of the ground London sat on. Their battle seemed to represent the fate for mankind. Finally, out of pure frustration, she came at him with all her rage. As quick as she was, she always seemed to be just one step-one second behind him.  They fought furiously as death crawled toward them. Too much exposure to the smoke that bellowed up and around them began to slowly diminish his ability to keep pace with her at times. She was already dead.  She didn’t need air to live but he did. Because of that, she was able to get the better of him as their conflict progressed. The heat that smoke gave off was unbearable. Unless he dispatched her before all of the air left their realm, he would slowly, but surely suffocate. The sparks and flames, along with the electrical reactions that emanated from the bitter clashes lit up their arena. Sparks splattered on the ground and apparently caught fire to his coat. He hadn’t even noticed.  Once he did, he rolled and patted out the flames, which burned a certain amount of his coat. His face was stained with soot. His ability to breathe became more difficult. His heart rate struggled to remain strong but he never stopped. He attacked her over and over again. Each time, she stood toe to toe with him. As his breathing suffered, he relied on his other senses to keep up with her, such as, his hearing due to the lack of vision her smoldering elements caused. Time and time again she vanished and reappeared behind him in her attempt to attack by surprise. He was too fast. At the last second, he always turned or moved just in time to avoid her strike. Perspiration poured down his face. His eyes burned. Never before on earth had a battle between two super beings been so epic. He gritted his teeth with every swing. His eyes displayed great concern as the air around him grew thinner.  Her eyes exhibited a look of panic as she noticed the red mist seeping through the pillars of smoke at both ends of the bridge. She guessed right on one maneuver and struck him. The blow separated him from his sword. She hurried over and attempted to pick his blade up but was unable to. She was mystified. She attempted with all of her strength to lift his sword off the ground but the weapon wouldn’t budge. She was evil. And no one but Laythan himself could ever command such a weapon ordained specifically for him. He lay on the ground-hurt badly by the blow she landed and struggling to remain conscious due to lack of air. He was on his back-his right side faced the bridge’s concrete guard rail. Enraged and ready for the kill, she faded within the darkened fog and smoke and emerged directly above him.  He reached over his head and opened his right hand-gasping for the last pockets of air that remained. His weapon of destruction was somewhere beneath the thick smoke. She stood over him and raised her sword without any last words. In that moment before she reared back and prepared to swing, the Bone Splitter slid across the pavement in a flash and into his grip. She never saw the sword in his hand. His weapon was veiled under the elements she herself created. She defied gravity and leaned forward on the tips of her toes. She paused ninety degrees in mid-air above him. She had the perfect angle which allowed her to cut him clean in two. She exhaled a loud, snake like warning as her fangs sparkled and salivated in the anticipation of his demise. He kicked his legs up in the air and quickly leapt to his feet without using his hands. This was it-the last battle-no tomorrows-no excuses-no more chases. It was all going to end on that bridge for one or even both of them. His sword hurled upward as her blade came thundering down to destroy him. One of them would prove to be the most powerful. The Bone Splitter clashed one final time with the Dragon’s Breath. His blade tore her sword in two as streams of lightning bolts struck, and thunder rattled the foundations all around the bridge. The momentum of his swing carried him forward. However, he was able to slow himself enough to strike at her before she recovered from the shock of what he had done her weapon. Before she could raise her body backward and reposition herself on the ledge, he immediately turned to his right and swung. The follow through of his motion carved a long, deep wound into her chest. Her heart was penetrated. She was in utter distress. Blood spurted out everywhere. He turned around to strike her again. Before he could, she stumbled backward as she held her chest and plummeted through the pillars of smoke-down into the dark waters below. 
	He looked over the edge as he gasped heavily for air. When her body hit the river, the water twirled and thrashed around like a small typhoon from nowhere. The smoke dropped like an anchor into the water and the air that he was cut off from returned. He leaned on the ledge with his elbows-exhausted. As black as the waters looked he could still see the blood that stained the river, which began to spread. He waited for her to surface but the only evidence of her demise was her robe, which floated back up to the top. Needless to say, the wound she suffered was fatal. As she sank, her body slowly decayed as she lay on the bottom of the cold waters. One fact was certain. Laythan never saw Lita face to face again. 
	There was another issue he needed to deal with-Ainsley. He was badly injured. He couldn’t brush off the blows he suffered-especially the last one. She struck with the power of a hundred men or more. Had he been just an ordinary man, her strike would have killed him instantly and turned his insides to mush. He called out for his horse who hurried over. He looked back at the broken half of Lita’s sword. He was amazed at just how powerful his own sword was. Except for his, he had yet to come across any weapon as mighty as the Dragon’s Breath. With a scowl on his face, he got on his horse and hurried to Ainsley.  Her condition worsened by the minute. He defeated the world’s greatest vampire. However, His worst nightmare was about to come true. She was so sick from Ursula’s venomous bite and blood loss that she was on the verge of death. He won the battle but may have lost the war. 

CHAPTER TWENTY EIGHT
	When Argyle and Novak arrived home with Ainsley, her parents were overcome with relief, yet, deflated to learn what happened to her. The events confirmed Mrs. Coors’ account of what took place the evening she was kidnapped. Mr. Corrs directed them to a downstairs guest room that was usually reserved for close relatives when they visited. Argyle ordered the family to send for their doctors and not to waste any time. By the time Laythan arrived, Mason Turner, the family physician, and his assistant Doctor Ned Breeland, was treating her. She was slipping away fast. He was completely baffled as to what treatment was best. Her fever was scorching. Her vital signs were weak. Her blood loss was evident. However, the interesting aspect of her illness was that her blood loss was not the main cause of her condition. She had an unknown and incurable virus that her doctors were oblivious as to what to do. 
	The family stood around the bed as doctors worked feverishly. They even gave her a transfusion to replenish her blood-first given by her father, then all of her brothers. No matter how hard they attempted to drive the infectious blood from her body to be replaced by clean blood, she hovered closer to her end.  Both physicians did all they could but were mystified. They put up a valiant fight over time and tried one hectic medical trial after another in an effort to bring her back from the edge of death. Unfortunately, they ran out of time and she ran out of strength. They looked up at her family and regretfully told them that there was no other treatment they could use to save her. A vampire’s bite is often a death sentence to their victim long before they stop breathing.
 “No! No!” Ainsley’s father cried out as he buckled over in pain. “Not my little girl…not my little girl.” 
	At the height of their despair Laythan walked into the room. His coat was dusty from his battle. Doctor Turner monitored her heart rate and pulse. Laythan walked over to the bed and glared down at her. 
“Won’t be long now I’m afraid,” Doctor Turner said from the opposite side of her bed. “Her heart beat is almost gone. We did all we could but whatever took hold of her body-her entire system, was impossible for us to drive out.”
 Laythan quickly removed his coat and flung it over the chair behind him. He tore the sleeve of his shirt completely from his right arm. He ordered them to set up another transfusion-this time one using his blood. Ainsley slipped further away toward her imminent doom. 
“We already tried that sir and it was no use.” Doctor Breeland lamented. 
“Do as I say.” Laythan ordered. 
His stare and sharp tone scared Doctor Breeland so much that he almost jumped out of his shoes. He quickly gathered the devices and brought them around to where Laythan was. Meanwhile, Doctor Turner was just seconds away from pronouncing her dead. 
	Finally, she opened her eyes for the first time since she fell unconscious. She looked at Laythan, gasped for air a couple of times and collapsed as her last breath exhaled from her mouth. She was dead. The family broke out into waling and moaning as enormous grief swallowed them. Doctor Turner felt her neck. There was no pulse-nor was there a heartbeat. She was gone. He looked up at everyone and shook his head in sadness. Doctor Breeland stuck one needle into Laythan’s arm and a second into Ainsley’s as he was instructed. By then she had been dead well over a minute and counting. Panic had come and gone. The only reaction for her loved ones was the realization that their daughter, sister and friend was beyond the reach of their help-anyone’s help. Another two minutes passed as Laythan’s blood slowly exited his veins.  He squeezed as the fluid of his life force curved around the thin rubber tube that was connected to the transfusion device. Everyone else’s face was visibly stricken. However, his facial expression never changed from the time he arrived. He stared at her with a look of defiance and refusal to accept her death.  Doctor Turner had no faith in him on this matter and for a second began to utter something-something Laythan knew was negative.  Instead he held his tongue when Laythan’s stare seemed to go through him. 
 “Be silent,” he commanded. 
A grievous hush fell over the room. After a few moments, his blood seeped into her vein. Suddenly, a deep gasp arose from her mouth and air flowed into her lungs as her heart beat restarted. She began to breathe normal once again. Although weak, she gradually gained strength. 
	After a short while, he told the doctors to cut off the blood supply. The transfusion was no longer necessary. He informed them that his blood would over power any virus in her body and leave entire system pure. Mrs. Corrs walked over and flung herself onto his arm as her knees hit the floor. She wept and thanked him uncontrollably. He comforted her. They weren’t aware such power existed in him or in the world. Because their daughter caught the eye of a wondrous man, The Corrs family was spared the grief and horror of losing her. He brought her back from the dead. All those who witnessed his act were never, ever the same again. Just as important, was what he told them afterward. He forbade them to tell anyone outside of that room what they witnessed that night. 
	The reason he did so was because at that moment the situation called for him to perform that miraculous work. Still, he wanted them to understand that he took action out of necessity and love-not to be seen. He warned them that he was not there to use his powers as a side show for people’s amusement. Each of his miracles was done for a purpose. Therefore, his accomplishments were never to be taken for granted, for fame or for self glory. Doctor Turner was especially dumb struck and left in total shock.  He could only sit on the living room sofa and stare at the floor-his hands clinched between his knees.  
“She was dead…she was dead,” he declared softly to himself-over and over again. 
	The following morning at day break, the city, particularly the east end was littered with what Londoners still call today as an unexplained phenomenon. Tens of thousands of skulls, bones and other body parts surrounded by human ashes were discovered. Some speculate a mass grave was unearthed somehow but off course none of that made sense. At first, many thought the discovery was a hoax. But when the London Police and Coroners showed up on the scenes of this mystery, they realized the reports were real. Spiritualists’ believed that the war between the fallen angels and the righteous ones had taken place-leaving the losing side in physical ruin. The authorities attempted to prevent any pictures from being posted in the papers but too many leaked out and found their way into the news outlets all over the United Kingdom. The clean up was a massive effort that required the entire city services. The answer to all their questions was right there in their midst. Laythan alone was the cause of the pandemonium. People were afraid to sleep-fearing they too would be consumed overnight. Others feared witches had cursed the city. The military met and wondered if some hostile enemy of the United Kingdom had a secret weapon-some kind of gas that killed and instantly decomposed humans. Needless to say that Great Britain’s Armed Forces were put on high alert but they never found a satisfactory answer. And the man who knew the answer wasn’t going to provide them with one. 
	The story of the dead corpses made headlines all over the world. England became the nation that many people viewed as a place of bad luck. On the contrary, they were inhabited by a league of entities that had been on earth long before they were born.  On the contrary, England was blessed. Had not Laythan, Argyle and Novak been chosen to do what they did, there would have been no limit to the level of horror Lita and her vampires would have achieved. Death was riding high and she was the key source. A few weeks after her demise, an anonymous person began selling off all of Lita’s property and other worldly possessions. Laythan, accessed all of his connections but was unable to unmask who was in charge of her estate. He could only confirm that the person who was directing the wealth or her financial power was someone she left in charge in the event of her death. She legally made Lynette Borlandavic the heir to everything she owned. Lisa, Jessica and the rest of the Reznik family remained hidden-ironically in North Scotland near the booming, yet, humble town of Seakirk. More than any type of fame and power, Lita wanted them to survive-not only as individual vampires but as entire race. 
	During the weeks that followed, Ainsley slowly healed.  Although still not at one hundred percent, she made extraordinary progress. Walking was difficult for her for a time because of the weakness in her legs. That was somehow an after affect of the deadly virus that attacked every cell, every bone and every tissue of her body that was connected to her nervous system. Her love for Laythan increased beyond human measure-as if love could ever be measured anyway. He came to see her often but as she progressed, his visits tapered off. For some reason, he was different. Behind his smile she knew there was a problem troubling him. She felt closer to him than ever. At the same time, she felt him pulling away and she couldn’t figure out why. The answer was guilt-his guilt. Of course there was no guilt for him to feel. He blamed himself for Ursula’s destruction and most of all, Ainsley’s ordeal. Of the two innocent women he knew, one died by his own hands. Just because he was a super being didn’t mean he was able to brush off the tragedies of his profession like dust from his coat. These were real people, with real dreams who all fell because of devils who were slaves to blood as their lifeline. One does not simply take what happened to Ursula and throw the entire matter in a closet to be forgotten like some old toy. Any person who really loves people could never do that and Laythan was no different. As powerful as he was, he wept over Ursula’s needless death. Argyle also noticed the change in him. He was a man who was happy by nature. However, Ursula’s death pricked his conscience-his heart. He lay in bed at night and wished he had had the power to turn the clock back just for a few weeks. Unfortunately, not even he possessed that power. And besides, if he had, where would he have stopped? He would have kept turning the clock all the way back to little Joni, all the way to Gilchrist-all the way back until all those who had died would not have. But that was Laythan; he wanted to save everyone he loved. 
	One morning he came to see Ainsley. She hated to spend so much time in bed but after a few hours of walking and moving about during the day she began to tire. She preferred to stay in the downstairs bedroom. She refused to sleep upstairs again. Her old room gave her the creeps. But her family never had to be concerned. Laythan prophesied that no creature of darkness, vampire or not, would ever enter their home again. Her family changed for the better because of what they saw him do. As she lay in her bed, Mrs. Corrs told her that Laythan was there to see her. He walked in and kissed her. He sat down in the chair close to her bedside. He informed her that he was leaving for Scotland to tend to some pressing business in two weeks. He would be there for as long as three weeks. But he needed to speak with her face to face.  He was a man who didn’t mince words. However, what he needed to say to her was as distasteful to her. 
“You look great,” he started off.
 She held onto his hand. There was a pause for a moment as she sat up against her headboard. She reached out and held his face. 
“Laythan…what’s wrong? What’s bothering you? You aren’t still worried about me are you?”
 “No.” He shook his head in denial. “I’m not worried about you. You’re Irish. Irish women are strong. And I know you’ll be just fine.” 
“Then what is it? You aren’t still blaming yourself for Ursula are you?  That wasn’t your fault. I’ll admit, she and I were not friends but no I never wanted any of this to happen. You can’t blame yourself.”
 “What happened to you took place because you were with me. At this point in my life, because of what I do, I can’t take the chance of allowing my life to spill over into yours. When that happens, people get hurt. You got hurt-worse yet, you died. I’m not sure if I’d want to go on if another tragedy took you away.” 
Her expression displayed a look of alarm.
 “Laythan…what are you saying? 
He lowered his head for a moment and then reconnected with her eyes. 
“I’m saying…that just for now that-”
 “I won’t hear of it,” she disrupted.
 “I’m saying just for now, until I’m absolutely sure that I haven’t over looked any situation, maybe being together the way we really want to should wait until I check out a few more leads that’ll take me to Lita’s heir.  Remember, not even I can be certain that every vampire was destroyed.” 
	She knew arguing with him was useless once his mind was made up so she allowed him to continue.
 “We’re meant to be together Ainsley, and we will be. I’m not saying that this is goodbye. I’m just saying that for a while, the best way for you to stay clear of danger that’s aimed at me is for you to be away from me. I’m in love with you. And that’s why I don’t want to take chances with your safety. Being close to me…is dangerous. One young lady is already dead because of that. I won’t tolerate another one-I can’t...do you understand that? I can’t.”
 She wiped the tears that reluctantly fell down her face.
 “What I see, is someone who has allowed his guilt to come between us-guilt that is without merit. How long will you stay away before you fall out of love with me?”
 “That’s never going to happen,” he promised. 
“But you will. The next time you see me, whenever that maybe, you would have brushed how you feel aside.”
 He stood up.
 “You’re wrong Ainsley. Listen my dear; you have to trust me on this. I know you may hate me now but you’re family and friends would hate me a lot more if another unfortunate event touched you the way this one has.” 
She sighed sorrowfully. 
“Then I guess this is goodbye?”
 “Just for a little while-I promise.” 
He kissed her on her forehead and walked out. She threw her hands up over her face and wept. He felt the same way inside. To walk away from the woman he loved more than any other he had ever known was difficult beyond expression. He stepped outside as the London wind blew his black coat to the side. The weather was quite cold. The sun was shining bright but he was so stricken with the weight of all he endured the past few months that he hardly noticed. 
	One week after what was supposed to be their temporary breakup, Ainsley decided to leave London and go to Northern Ireland for an undetermined time to recuperate and hopefully get over matters of the heart. She was accompanied by one of her brother Todd and both her parents, who refuse to let her out of their sight. Their oldest brother stayed behind to run their family business for a couple of weeks, which he was well qualified to do. News of her departure funneled down to Laythan through social circles. He wanted to reach out to her and tell her not to go but he had already set the wheels in motion for what was occurring. She hadn’t even left London yet and he was already concerned about her safety. 
	Finally, the day she prepared to leave town by train to catch a passenger ship, Argyle and Novak paid Laythan a visit at his downtown office at 9:45am. And they were visibly upset with him. They saw in Ainsley, the better half that would add more happiness to his life. They understood his concern and his guilt. They also understood that without her, he would never really have the missing part that would be the strength and reasoning he needed to overcome that guilt. They opened his door. He was meeting with a group of city officials. Four of them were going over construction plans for the train system his company was in charge of. The men turned around as Argyle and Novak entered. Their faces were as of stone. For a moment, the officials thought they were there to gun them down by the way their body language spoke.
 “Argyle, Novak. I didn’t expect you. These men are with the city’s department of-” 
“Get out. All of you-now.” Argyle blurted out as he eyed the men with a threatening look.
 The men were not about to argue with two men dressed in full length dusters and black attire. They quickly gathered their maps and other material off Laythan’s desk and hurried out.
	Argyle started first.
	“I’m sure you’re aware that Ainsley is leaving for Northern Ireland today at eleven o’clock. She’s taking the ten o’clock train to the water front to catch a ship. She may stay for a while or she may stay period-who knows?” 
Laythan dropped his head in sadness as Argyle continued.
 “Both of you belong together now-not later-not next week-not tomorrow-but now. Get over your distress about things you have no control over. You cannot steer everyone or every situation under an umbrella of guaranteed safety in any life!” 
“What do you want me to do?! Huh?! What would you have me to do!?” I did what I thought was best to keep her out of danger from here on end!” Laythan responded firmly. 
Novak shook his head in frustration and slowly closed the door behind them. Argyle began to slide his black leather gloves off as he talked. 
“Laythan, you’re my best friend-my brother. We’ve grown up fighting, caring and looking out for each other since we were toddlers. But once you’ve made up your mind about someone your head is like a rock-sometimes to the lack of your own romantic progression.” 
Novak locked the door as Laythan’s secretary in the next room swallowed hard to remove the lump in her throat that their presence created. Argyle calmly removed the glove from his other hand as the intensity in his voice increased. He was simply angry with Laythan. And he spoke to him in the fashion of a true Scotsman. 
“We’ve got some hard words to put to you. And you’re going to listen whether you like them or not. The choice is yours. We can either talk this out…or we can fight it out.” 
He took off his coat, as did Novak. Fearing that the next sound would be that of a major physical uproar, his secretary grabbed her purse and fled the scene by way of the stairs.
	The train that was to connect Ainsley to her ship was hurling down the track and on time. Mrs. Corrs sat next to her as Mr. Corrs sat in front of them next to her Todd. They liked Laythan and figured he must have been awfully worried about her if he felt being away from him was best for a time. They trusted him and his judgment.  Remember, this was the man who brought their daughter back from the grave. They didn’t patronize her. They knew her heart was cracked. She sat silently as the train rode through the landscape of England. Because of ongoing construction of other rail work, her train had to be re-routed to take a longer course which added fifteen extra minutes to the trip. A land of trees, London and surrounding England had an over abundance of green that stretched out to the four corners of the country. As the engineer approached one of the street crossings he saw a burst of flames further down on his right. To his surprise, a great tree came crashing down directly onto the tracks. He blew the whistle and pulled back on the throttle and jammed on the brakes. The train, traveling at sixty miles per hour, came to a screeching halt-just barely in time to avoid a collision. Passengers flew forward as luggage and other items fell out of their luggage racks. Ainsley was twitting with her wrist watch before the commotion. The watch banged into the top of the seat in front of her and received a small crack in the glass. Satisfied that his family was uninjured, Mr. Corrs re-seated himself and waited for an explanation from the Conductor if they ever had the chance to ask him. Mrs. Corrs noticed the crack in Ainsley’s watch.
“My goodness, is it broken?” 
“No, its fine,” Ainsley answered. She turned her head and gazed out into the bright skies and whispered, “Nothing is broken, except my heart.” 
The sadness in her eyes was unmistakable and excruciating to look at. She felt that maybe she would have been better off dead because without the man she loved that’s how she felt inside anyway. 
	The Engineer didn’t know what to think at what he saw next. Three, very tough and ominous looking men emerged from the roughage of where the tree had fallen. Each sat on a horse. One man placed a long sword back into his coat and approached the train as the other two men waited. Laythan stopped the train for a specific purpose. His two friends left him no choice. He was going to go after the woman he loved or else. He decided not to challenge them on the “or else.” He boarded the train. The Engineers thought they were in the process of a train robbery. Novak calmed their fears.
 “Relax gentlemen, we’re the good guys.”  
Laythan proceeded to walk through the ten car train in search of Ainsley. He didn’t see her among the passengers. Maybe she was on an earlier train. He began to grow nervous as he wondered what he would do if she was not on board. Passengers saw him coming down the aisle and were afraid. They sensed that the stoppage was connected to him.  He looked dangerous so people expected the worst. Finally, he reached the last passenger car. His heart pounded in fear that he was too late. He looked at each person. Ainsley peered out the window-unaware that her mother had eased herself out of her seat. 
	She felt someone standing over her. She looked up and saw him. He didn’t have to say a single word-his eyes told the story. She slowly rose in pure astonishment-her face full of passion. Passengers sat up, turned around on their seats as He took her by her hand.
 “You can thank Argyle and Novak for this. They made me realize that for a wise man, I did something incredibly foolish-stupid to be exact. I guess…I guess I’m going to need your forgiveness on this one.” 
His expression resembled a sad little boy who misbehaved and was sorry down to his bones.  He never meant to hurt her. She was quiet for a moment, and then answered. 
“I’ll forgive you on one condition.  That you promise to never, ever leave my side again.” 
“I promise-for all time,” he agreed.
He leaned in and kissed her as she pulled him close with her hands around his powerful shoulders. The women looked on-their faces flushed and hands over their hearts. They had no idea what the event was all about. They just knew that what they saw was stunning and way out of the ordinary. A strange man had actually stopped a public train to come and take the women he loved back home. When their embrace broke, he took her by the hand.
 “The only choice left to make now is to decide which house we’ll live in once we’re married.” 
Her face lit up like a Christmas tree. He kissed her once more. He looked back at Mr. and Mrs. Corrs and winked with a smile. They were very happy to see that Ainsley would always be loved no matter what. 
“I’ll see you all back in London,” as she quickly embraced her family. 
Laythan walked a few paces ahead of her. He paused and looked down at two young women in their seats. He gazed at them with his bewitching looks. They melted inside. 
“Oh my,” One whispered as she pressed her hand against her chest. 
“Why Miss Ainsley, we must hurry. These people have places to be.” 
She caught up with him and the two exited the train hand in hand. Waiting for them was Argyle and Novak who held his steed for him. He hoisted himself up into his saddle and then reached down and pulled her up as she sat behind him. She wrapped her hands tightly around his torso and held on tight. Perhaps uneasy by a rider other than his master, his horse jerked and cried out due to nervousness. 
“Woe-take it easy boy.” Laythan patted him on the side of his neck. 
“Be careful! Look out for that one!” Argyle warned Ainsley. “He’s a wild one!”
 “Which one?! Laythan or the horse?!” She joked.
 They broke out into a laugh as they all rode off back toward London. If not for the short cut they took to head off the train, they would have missed her. 
	The love story of Laythan and Ainsley was born out of the deadliest period London ever knew. During that horrible time, his strength demolished great evil. But, her love is what conquered his heart and his soul. That year in 1890, Laythan officially established the secret organization of the Hunters. This afforded him to meet and train such future vampire hunters as Jacque Kursk, who himself was from Seakirk, Scotland. Laythan and Ainsley married that same year. Their union broke the hearts of women and men all over England who had long wanted to be with them. They lived in Scotland because he wanted to remain close to the political action to influence decisions that helped with the Independence of his country.  For this, he wanted to be where the Scottish Parliament was, and that was located in Edinburgh.  Ainsley gave birth to four children-one girl, who was the spitting image of her. She was named Cynthia. Three years later she gave birth to triplets-all boys, which was rarity for that time.  They were the image of both her and Laythan. The first boy was named Argyle, after his best friend. The second was named Kyle. The last triplet was named Callum, whose name when translated means “dove,” which was highly appropriate. Being the last one to enter the world, he became the baby and darling of the family, unlike the others who were more the type to take control of most situations.  Nowhere was there found a prettier set of children in all of the United Kingdom. Like their mother and father, they were blessed with alluring magnetism to the opposite sex. As teenagers and eventually adults, the four of them spent just as much time ducking dates and marriage proposals as they did studying to complete their education. They were hounded constantly and like their parents, broke hearts by their mere presence. 
	As the 20th century moved ahead, Laythan and Ainsley embarked on countless of visits to America, Australia and Canada, as well as other countries. He fell in love with the new media of silent, dramatic films. He often stated that had he not been chosen to walk the path he was on, he would have been an actor. He simply found playing characters in a story fascinating. He and Ainsley met some of the biggest stars of the silent and talking picture era. In 1930, while staying in Los Angeles, he called Actress Norma Shearer the most beautiful woman on earth other than his wife. Laythan was no ‘stick in the mud’. He was passionate about film making and supported many sectors that improved the entertainment business. He enjoyed life and loved good fun. He and Ainsley sometimes stayed for months when they visited New York City or California. However, these visits were also practical. Learning all he could about how American politics affected Scotland, he used his time in the United States to strengthen the ties between all Scottish and Irish people in America and Europe. 
	Laythan and Ainsley never, ever abandoned each other. They were the definition of being one. He continued to battle vampires and other dark forces wherever they existed until he officially retired. His blood-his soul had mingled with hers the day she was brought back by the power that dwelled within him.  No man or woman was ever able to avert their commitment and devotion to each other. Their relationship withstood future turmoil that followed their ordeal in 1890. Their love was battle tested under the most stressful and dangerous circumstances and conquered all that sought to destroy that love. Never had a man and woman walked more hand in hand than they-two human beings that were made for each other without question. Simply put, theirs was the greatest love story of all time.
	In 1950, New Years day arrived. Laythan, who was still the official power behind his organization, was in his mansion in Edinburgh. His family also threw a birthday celebration for him; after all, he was born on New Year’s Day. He was surrounded by his children and grandchildren. They spent the entire Christmas week together-a tradition in the Kendrew family. The passage of time brought tribulations that they all had to endure. They poured out their industrial might to help defeat the Axis powers during World War One and Two. Others in his family joined the military to engage the enemies of the United Kingdom head on. Although some of his immediate family was badly bruised during the conflict, they were fortunate not to lose anyone. As he foresaw the conflict of the Korean War brewing, he grew more active in state affairs to assure that Scotland wouldn’t be misused in any way, shape or form. That holiday season in 1950 was the best. Never had he and Ainsley been so happy to have their family around. For them, that was heaven. 
	Snow storms blanketed most of the United Kingdom and refused to let up. It was a white Christmas and New Years as well. Between two major storms that week, sixty five inches of snow fell on Edinburgh. Laythan loved to keep up with what was happening using his television-still a relatively new and booming invention of communication and entertainment. Around 8:00pm, He and Ainsley were playing and talking with all of their grand children. They relished the time they spent with them. He was quite tired after such a long day that saw him play outside in the snow with his little ones and later join in the family’s festive New Year’s dinner, which was usually at 7:00pm. As he sat and read to his granddaughter Ainsley, who was named after his wife; he passed her off to her mother after she grew sleepy. He stretched his legs and yarned.
 “I think I’m about ready for a little nap myself. But it won’t be for long.” 
He looked over at Ainsley, who was seated comfortably in a plush chair-their other granddaughter fast to sleep on her lap. He stood up and walked over to her. He leaned down and kissed her gently. 
“I love you,” he swore. 
It was as though he had said those words to her for the first time.
 “You needn’t remind me Mr.” She smiled and then rubbed her nose against his in a teasing fashion. “I’ve known that since the first day we met down in London-remember?” 
She chuckled as he kissed her again and gave another reply.
 “I just want to make sure you never forget.”
 “Never,” she assured him.  
He smiled and walked into the bedroom not more than a couple of doors away to lie down and take his nap. He never woke up. Later that evening on January 1, 1950, Laythan Kendrew, a servant for all that was good in the world, passed away quietly in his sleep. No grand exit and no posturing-neither in life, nor in death. He was just a simple, common sense man who loved people, his country and above all, his family. Four angels were sent to escort him home because he was too worthy to be ushered by just one. 
	He was given a state funeral and honors. His service was held in the Church of Scotland. He was one hundred and ten years old. The news of his death was greeted with denial. No one could believe their ears. People from all over the globe attended as every honor imaginable was bestowed on him. He was buried as he had requested, in his long, black coat. On his chest rested his faithful sword-The Bone Splitter, which was buried with him. His family refused to place him under the earth. When asked why by a Reporter from the BBC News Agency, his daughter Cynthia gave him a statement.
 “I once heard someone say that dirt should never be thrown in the face of a truly great man. There was none greater than my father.” 
Laythan took great care of himself. Although he was over a century old, his appearance and body structure was a natural marvel. He didn’t look a day over sixty-five. No one could figure out how he managed to look so young and retain such perfect posture. Ainsley, who had some of his blood in her veins, inherited his trait as well. While in her seventies, she was able to pass for a woman in her mid to late forties. Not only was Laythan blessed with long life but also the look of youth. He never had to use any aid for his mobility. His hearing was still sharp and his eye sight remained perfect up until his last breath. He stood just as straight and walked just as tall as he had done decades before. His jet, black hair changed slightly to a lighter shade of black accompanied by a few gray strands. Ainsley also shared this physical wonder.  The onset of unwanted wrinkles that accompanied women her age escaped her for the most part. Her skin was still flawless, her blonde, moist hair never lost its luster and her eyes sparkled just as bright as ever. 
In 1960, Ainsley passed away in her sleep as well from heart failure. Ten years on earth without the man she so loved was about as much as she could stand. The turbulent sixties arrived. She foresaw degenerative and other negative changes in a society she no longer wanted to see, or be a part of. She preferred not to be in a world where a Laythan Kendrew did not exist. So she went and joined him in his. She was laid to rest next to him in a large family mausoleum. A single vault space housed their caskets next to spaces that contained other members of the Kendrew family. On the door, which slid in and out when unlocked, had a large picture of the two taken in the 1890’s. They stood arm in arm. Truly, together in life, they were also together in death.

CHAPTER TWENTY NINE
	After Brandon completed the chronicle of Laythan he closed the book. He rested his chin on the top edge of the cover as he held the literature on his lap. He shut his eyes and reflected heavily on what he learned. Never had he been so moved by anything as when he read of such a great man-his founder. A rush of pride, humility and eternal gratitude sailed through his body. His mind was elevated to a higher awareness-a higher power that he re-discovered. He had never met Laythan. He was a man who died over three decades before he was even conceived and yet, he loved him. He became not just a man who was larger than life, but surpassed that in his mind and in all the minds of the modern day Hunters who read the chronicles of his life. He was especially overwhelmed because unlike his best friends, he was the only Hunter who was of Scottish descent. The others had come from different racial back grounds such as, Spanish or Teutonic. He felt a kindred connection to a man who was no doubt, the most awesome destroyer of vampires and other creatures that ever existed. 
	Two days later, Brandon, Shawn, Keith and Thomas were all on one accord when they agreed on a trip to Edinburgh to visit Laythan’s family and his burial site. They felt the need to tell the rest of his family just how great he was if they didn’t already know. They weren’t sure if Laythan left copies of his chronicles to them so they gathered loads of recovered photos that told his life through the years with his family, his best friends and his wife. Thousands of pictures were taken from the 1800’s all the way up to 1950. Brandon placed the chronicles in a new section inside the Hall of The Immortals and created an entire new wing in his honor. Thomas decreed that from that day forth, the Hunters would honor and commemorate Laythan’s life, his passing and the eternal legacy he left behind. A memorial service was designated to take place once a year at their 12,000 seat facility adjacent to their headquarters. Some thought that to have the service take place at a different location each year was better. Thomas and the ruling council disagreed. Special majestic robes and other attire were designed for the occasion. Every member was expected to attend. Hunters from Germany, England, New Holland, Seattle, Washington, Toronto, Canada and other places would converge on the city. Also, the first and original chronicle became required reading for not only prospects, but for current members as well. Thomas wanted all his brothers to know how extraordinary Laythan was. Any other scattered literature about their founder was documented and copied into digital and print format. All these actions and more were officially adopted into their constitution and stipulated they would be the cornerstone of their organization forever. Thomas was so inspired by the revelations of their newly discovered history that he re-arranged the pictures at their headquarters. He placed Jacque’s picture on the left. He placed his picture on the right as the Successor. He placed a huge picture of Laythan, the largest one of all, above both of theirs right in the center. Under his image was an inscription that read: 
“Laythan Kerk Kendrew, Founder. This is the greatest Hunter that ever lived in the world.”
	Members, who were enjoying the summer heat wave, were notified of the trip to Scotland. Those who were able to go were welcome. The young men reached Edinburgh the next afternoon and paid a visit to the Kendrew Firearms Company, which still dominated the weapon’s industry in Europe. Inside was Caddell, the great grandson of Laythan and Ainsley. He was the President and CEO who along with all of his brothers and sisters, made up the high ranking board that ran the entire Kendrew Empire-an Empire worth scores of billions. One of his secretaries entered his office and informed him that Thomas and some others were there to see him.  Caddell was familiar with the Dikane Empire. They greeted each other. Thomas explained in secret like terms that they were a member of an organization that his great grandfather had founded. Caddell knew immediately what they meant. Laythan never hid his membership from his immediate family. To their surprise, the family grew up knowing what he was and how special his abilities were. When they were old enough, he revealed a certain amount of knowledge about his involvement as vampire hunter. But they also learned that his information was a secret and not to be discussed with non-members or people outside the Kendrew family. 
	His miracles didn’t stop when he retired. He performed necessary, supernatural deeds in full view of his family. His children and grandchildren witnessed the power of the Bone Splitter. After the men talked a short time, Caddell felt as though a union between his grandfathers’ past and future was joined. He was especially excited to learn that Brandon was the only one in a high ranking position who was Scottish. Brandon also explained that their trip was especially important for him. Caddell left word with his secretary that he was leaving for the day. He lived in a large expensive home that also included more rooms than he could count at times. His residence was only located fifteen minutes from the Kendrew building. He called home and told his father that he wanted them to meet someone. He spoke with a hint of anxiousness in his voice. All the Hunters who made the trip followed in a long procession of black vehicles. They reached Caddell’s home. As the others waited outside, he walked up to the door and entered. He led them to one of the side doors of and extended section of his home. He rang the bell. An elderly man answered the door.
 “Hey Dad, how are you? I hope I’m not bothering you but I have some people here I’d like you to meet. The old man stepped outside of his doorway. Thomas and Brandon approached.
“Thomas, Brandon, I’d like you to meet my father, Callum Kendrew. Dad, Thomas and all the other men you see here are members of the organization Grand daddy founded two centuries ago.”
 “Oh my God,” he said with amazement. 
He was Laythan’s last, surviving child-the baby boy and youngest of the triplets. He was well into his nineties but was as lively and mobile as his father. And certainly didn’t look anywhere near his age. His voice was strong; he had a full head of hair as baldness never ran in the Kendrew blood line. His eyes were dark and piercing. Like Ainsley, his smile and the shape of his mouth were an unmistakable trait and reminder that her beauty was still walking the earth long after she had left. He greeted them warmly. At that moment, three centuries and generations of those who were connected to Laythan were united in one location. Callum looked out over the spacious grounds and down the block. He marveled at the stream of cars and the men who stood next to them watching.
 “And what my father began is still this strong? I thought maybe it had all ended when Jacque died a few years ago.” 
“Not at all” Brandon denied. “In fact, we’re even stronger-bigger. These are just a few scores of the men who came up with us. We have thousands upon thousands worldwide who do what your father did, but nowhere near the level of his excellence.”
 Callum’s pride over whelmed him. 
“Thank you.” He shook both Brandon and Thomas’ hand together and refused to let go.
 “My father…if he were here right now he would be so happy-so proud to see how great his legacy has evolved.”
 “And why not,” Brandon stretched his hand in demonstration. “All of us-all these men you see here and those all over the world are his sons too. We’re the spiritual heirs to all his greatness and the world is a recipient of the wonders he performed. We have extraordinary abilities, as all members do.  But your father-well…he was in a class all by himself. You can name any category you want. No one can touch him. And when we discovered that he was our history we had to come to here today.  It’s kind of hard to put into words but, we wanted to somehow thank him and you for being there for him.” 
	Callum and Caddell agreed to take all of them to the family mausoleum. The place was a large building that was beautifully constructed by Laythan himself, which included a dome shape skylight. His mother, father and all of his siblings were laid to rest around him. Not too far from them, were the resting places of Argyle, Novak and their families as well. Both men passed away after Laythan-Argyle in 1952 and Novak in 1960. The Hunters saw the picture of him and Ainsley on the wall of their vault door. It was then; the moments of his life became real-not just words in a book they all read about. They felt the presence of his history, all the wonders he performed on earth, which finally culminated in a glorious after life where they knew without a doubt he was the admiration and envy of all the angelic beings that now served him. 
“What a life,” Keith murmured. “What a man.” 
Before they departed, they knelt as Callum led them in a sacred Scottish prayer. No fan fare, no show boating, just sincerity and gratitude. Near the end, a signal from Laythan’s eternal place in the sun answered his descendents. A few streams of sunlight glared down on them from the glass dome above. Unplanned and unrehearsed, they instinctively raised their right hand toward the sky and reached out for him-the same way he once reached out for Gilchrist. They couldn’t see Laythan the way he saw Gilchrist, but he was there. Callum, who loved him more each day after his death, gazed up into the sun as he spoke.
 “He now reigns with the judge of all creation and over the kings of the world. Thank you God for sending us Laythan Kendrew.”  
	The Kendrew family and the Hunters spent the rest of the day becoming familiar with each other. Before the Hunters departed, Caddell made them promise to come back often.
 “We’ll do that on one condition,” Brandon insisted, “as long as you promise to call us if you ever need help.” 
Caddell agreed. 
 Jeffrey, the fifth member to join right after the original four, handed the family copies of some pictures they never knew existed. In return, Callum gave them a case of duplicate movies featuring Laythan, his friends and his family. Their eyes lit up like fireballs. Now they didn’t have to settle for just imaging how he moved and sounded. They could hear his voice and see him on film. This was the next best thing to having him there in person. Laythan stipulated to Jacque that he didn’t want his position or image to be used to coax men into becoming a member of his organization because of the deaths that seared his conscience over the years, particularly Ursula’s. Sadly, he never really got over her death. Her tragedy left a sore spot in his heart that never healed-not even with the passage of time. Why? Because he realized instantly after the last breath left her body just how much he loved her as a person-a human being. Despite her psychosis and her romantic rivalry with Ainsley, there was a gullible innocence about her. Because of her failing parents, she never had a real chance to flourish into what she was fully meant to be. For that reason, he understood why and how she came to be the way she was. And that’s what he believed love really was-understanding and sometimes-forgiving. It was his nature to love and although he enjoyed a wonderful life, her death forever broke his heart. That’s why Jacque agreed and kept his picture and as much about him out of view. However, Laythan was wrong on this particular account. He was wrong because when his descendents learned about his life it only fueled their conviction to be the men he would have been proud of. They knew from that day on that they would follow in his footsteps for the rest of their lives.
	The acts of Laythan Kendrew are too many to know or list in a book. But one fact is written in stone. There will never, ever raise a greater man out of Scotland than him. And no vampire hunter, no matter how wise, or quick or extraordinary they may be, will ever be his equal-a man who demonstrated and defied the impossible to the eyes of those who believed or not. Regardless of who sits on the throne of the Hunters at the present time or in the future, they all must bow to his magnificence. He was the first, the beginning-the genesis. 
THE END
	 
