




HEARKEN UNTO ME
A FATHER TERHUNE NOVEL


BY W. W. HARRIS

PUBLISHED BY W. W. HARRIS
COPYRIGHT © 2014


COVER DESIGN BY RONALD SMITH

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.







The devil’s agents may be of flesh and blood-may they not?
-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, Hounds of the Baskervilles


CHAPTER 1
TRIAL RUN


It was 3 a.m. and the mortuary was quiet as death. The night watchman, Roy Gull, was playing a game on his cell phone and dozing at intervals. His duties consisted of an hourly walk through the building where he had never found a darn thing amiss. Ten years back some kids had broken in, opened a coffin and put a Halloween mask on a corpse, which didn’t go over well at the viewing. But that had been before his time.
Roy was a pretty good guy. He didn’t peek at the unclothed dead and never repeated gory details about them even when their bodies came in crushed or in multiple pieces. He carried a gun – lots of folks in these parts carried guns – but he had no dark desire to shoot anyone.
Roy was unremarkable at best, a flat-faced man who would likely pass his mild genes on to another generation of Gulls if his longtime girlfriend would relent and marry him. Roy might have signed up for vo-tech had one been closer, but he probably wouldn’t have known what to study anyway. He ate a whole bag of Cheetos every night. He loved Gilligan’s Island.
The Devil moved past Roy, barely stirring the stale air. As the security guard shifted in his swivel chair the Devil took note of him but remained unperturbed as Roy’s index finger laid waste to lines of cluttered candy pieces. Roy was not the focus of the Devil’s errand tonight.
In the mortuary bay, the Devil beheld Gladys Putnam. The woman lay on her back on a gurney still wearing the hospital gown she’d been pronounced in. From the looks of her face, the cosmetician had either not yet worked her magic or had already done all she could.
The Devil knew Gladys quite well.
She had died driving drunk on the wrong side of the highway while texting, debunking the theory that the intoxicated survive these things. Her victims fared no better. Had she lived, Gladys would have cried on her public defender’s indifferent shoulder and bided her time in jail until she could drive drunk again.
But sometimes she had disappointed the Devil. She had pulled a baby out of a fire once. Everybody in town knew about it. It had left her with a scarred face that she couldn’t begin to fully conceal with the liquid foundation she applied to it in thick, multiple layers.
Despite this isolated act of goodness, the Devil was about to forgive her in a grand way. He was going to raise her up. The Devil exhorted her and his words had the power of Hell behind them. He had changed the process a bit this time, improved it he was sure. The space around Gladys distorted, like a digital image gone bad.
She sat up and swung her chalky legs over the side of the gurney, where she rose, shaky but vertical. Gladys shuffled across the mortuary’s tiled floor, her bare feet scraping dry and wheat-like. She pushed against the heavy swinging door with her face and shoulder, not bothering to shield her scarred face as she might have done while living. Roy Gull had just started his hourly rounds.
He walked toward her in the hallway, staring down at his phone. She moved forward closing the distance between them, her eyes fixed front and center. Her body jerked and shimmied with each step. They passed in the hall. Her arm brushed Roy’s and Gladys twitched as if from the warmth, the familiar moisture of living skin.
“Sorry about that,” Roy said, still staring down at his phone. He walked two steps past Gladys and then halted, the dull dirty blond of his hair gilded by the fluorescent lights above. Gladys was facing him now. She lifted her arm out to him. Her lips parted and a dry humming sound escaped from deep within her chest.
Roy turned and stared directly at Gladys. He squinted, opened his mouth, and then shook his head. He lifted his shoulders and threw up both hands. “Ms. Putnam…are you…is this…oh my God!” Roy said.“Ms. Putnam, let me help you,” he said, taking her by the shoulders. “This must be one of those premature burial things. I thought you were dead. I thought Ned embalmed you. Oh, my God!”
Roy’s words elicited no response from Gladys. But when the warmth of his fingers penetrated the thin hospital gown, she began to shake harder and her body strained toward his sweaty skin and the hot breath that pulsed from his mouth as he panted from exertion and excitement.
“Let me get a glass of water…or, no, I’m going to call a doctor,” Roy said. “You just stay right there.”
Gladys snagged Roy’s hand as he started to pull away. Her nails pressed into his wrist where just under the spongy flesh the pulse of life throbbed and a river of blood, of vital moisture, flowed. Gladys turned her head down and leaned the side of her face that carried the burns from her one heroic act in life against the rushing underneath. Roy’s fat, alive arm was in her grasp.
“Don’t be scared, Ms. Putnam,” he said. “It’ll be okay. Let me get help.”
Gladys’ mouth slacked open and another dry hum, now more turbine-like, left her chest.
“Ms. Putnam?” Roy asked, leaning over her slack and scarred face. He tapped her cheeks, trying to bring her around “Can you hear me?”
Another sound was coming out of Gladys now. It sounded almost like a sob. Her hands, so well positioned to peel back the flesh on that fat arm, went limp. Gladys began to quake and the veins of the Devil’s control slipped out of her. Her musculature seemed to contract as a large sewer roach twitched between her lips, and wriggled free.
Roy opened his mouth to scream, “Holy sh—!” he said as the bug flew directly down his throat, planting its barbed legs deep in his tissues and blocking his windpipe. He fell to the floor clutching his throat and gagging.
The Devil tried to gather Gladys back up. The body stiffened to his command but only for an instant before once more coming apart on the cellular level. Her dead flesh separated from her bones, the skin of her face loose and sliding around her skull like an oversized rubber mask.
The resurrection had lasted exactly five minutes.
“Damnation,” the Devil said, taking a long look at her collapsed flesh. There was a bright side though. Her scars, that irksome visual evidence of her Godly side, were finally indistinguishable amid the ruin of her face.
On the floor, Roy’s form briefly engaged the Devil. “Rest in peace,” he said to Roy’s lifeless body. “It seems I can’t raise you up tonight.”





CHAPTER 2
PRIEST


The young priest closed the vents to shut out the reek of death that grew stronger the closer he got to his new parish. It wasn’t hard to locate the source of the smell since mangled skunks littered this two mile homestretch. The dozens of crushed possum and armadillo probably couldn’t compete with the stench of skunk, but they added to the macabre landscape. It would make a good counting game, he thought, the kind kids play on car trips. Six possums, four skunks, eight and a half armadillo. He lost track.
He had picked up the ten-year old Honda at the Diocesan office at 4 p.m. that afternoon, thrust his suitcase, two banker’s boxes and a Keurig into the trunk and followed the Google map to his new parish. As he had neared the northeastern part of Oklahoma, the flat land gave way to gentle hills and a lusher landscape. Now, the ENTERING GREEN COUNTRY sign a few miles back began to make sense. Dense blackjack oak forests still lined the highway mile after mile but among them now were fir and pine and glimpses of the man-made lake that had saved Hearken, Oklahoma from the brink of extinction.
The last leg of his journey, the two-laner turned and twisted excessively as if overcoming obstacles of spirit rather than mere geography. Finally, after seemingly endless curves, the road straightened to reveal a warning:

STATE CORRECTIONAL HOSPITAL
HITCHIKERS MAY BE 
ESCAPED INMATES

In the space of a breath a Chamber of Commerce sign appeared:

WELCOME TO HEARKEN
4,200 FRIENDLY FACES

He smiled thinking he might have placed those two signs a bit farther apart, had he been in charge of marketing the town. His Google directions ended there as if all of Hearken lay at this single point on the map and there was nothing more to see.
As he dropped his speed to enter town, he caught a glimpse of motion along the shoulder. He tapped his brakes and watched as an impossibly flat piece of road kill pulled itself across the road, the animal pelt advancing one crushed forearm after the other like a possum wandering into Abbott’s fictional Flatland. He accelerated before it could enter his path, barely missing another two-dimensional creature. This one had been a tortoise once. It paddled across the road flat as a crepe, its front claws propelling it forward. The ruined animal’s single-minded determination to continue its journey made the priest shudder.
He knew the church lay to the South of Main on Oh-li Street – or so he’d been told. To his right was a Dairy Queen, to his left the Flycatcher Bar, a squat rock structure with a tin roof and a magnetic letter sign promising CHEEP BEER. As Case turned on to the brick Main Street, his city-boy heart sank. The town was small beyond his imaginings. The Bishop had called it reborn. Dear God, he thought, what was this place like before its rebirth?
Hearken had its origin in the 1880s as a nexus of trade between settlers and the relocated Osage Tribe. The Catholic Church, hearing of this gathering of souls, undertook a vigorous mission that eventually included a church with a daily mass, a two-story rectory and a convent. The scrub oak and tall grass prairie didn’t seem of much value to the white bureaucrats who sold it to the Indians but it held a secret. Beneath the marginal farmland, lay a surfeit of oil.
The Osage held strong and retained their mineral rights, which created both great wealth and great tragedy for the tribe. The flawed head rights system guaranteed each tribe member a share of royalties but upon death permitted inheritance by non-Indian heirs. Fraud, mayhem and murder ensued until the government moved to reform the system.
Hearken remained a boomtown through the 1920s. At the peak of the oil glut the trains rolled through up to ten times a day. In 1922, a privately owned asylum was built just south of town, a sprawling facility that drew the wealthy mentally ill from as far as Europe and remained the town’s major employer for decades.
By the 1980s the boom was long gone. The hospital closed its doors, although the state took over the main building as a facility for the criminally insane. Along with losing most of its congregation, the local Catholic parish also lost its importance as a mission church. The convent was closed, the nuns moved to a bigger town. In 1990, the church relocated Hearken’s last full time priest, leased out the rectory and reduced the Mass schedule to Sunday-only, performed by a celebrant from a slightly more vibrant town.
Near extinction for decades, Hearken was now reinvigorated by a man-made lake, one of several such excavated basins in the northeastern part of the state. The almost ghost town now boasted new construction, boutique shops, a Wal-Mart and burgeoning church congregations.
Turning left off the brick Main Street, he passed the Baptist, the Presbyterian and the Methodist Churches with lintel dates scattered through the early 1900s up to the 1920s, solid two story houses of God that bore witness to better times. Only when he drove by an antique store, a café, and a beauty parlor did he begin seeing later model cars and signs of activity – generated by lake residents no doubt. He took a right hoping he would hit another vein of churches. In short order, a Nazarene and an Assembly of God church, even a Friends gathering place appeared. Where, he wondered, were the Catholics? Not apparently on church row.
Finally, a little South of the Big Rib drive-in, and just past the VFW he spotted St. Bartholomew’s Catholic Church. The tan stucco building sat slightly askew on its foundation, its bell tower empty, a jagged structural crack running the length of the arched doorway. On one side stood a small cinder block meeting hall, on the other a frame two story house, its asbestos siding painted an insipid shade of yellow.
He pulled slowly into the driveway, leaving the motor running, his hands still and tight on the wheel. An ineffable sadness swept him as he sat there, his sense of isolation complete. He felt farther away from Lily here, although he knew any point on earth was equidistant from her. His eyes locked on the cross atop the small building and he forced himself to remember that he was not alone even here.
After reciting a heartfelt Hail Mary, he added his own personal prayer that he would serve God fully and without hesitation in this unlikely outpost. Reluctantly, he turned the key and exited the car. A large tabby cat blocked the front step, busily deconstructing a headless mouse. He could hear the rodent’s little bones cracking as the cat chowed down. The priest side stepped the cat and knocked gently. His mind still on the cat, he jumped when a stolid-faced woman on the downward course of middle age opened the rectory door. He smiled and held out his hand. “You must be Mrs. Glascow. I’m Father Terhune, Case Terhune.”
Ann Glascow looked at the outstretched hand intently but didn’t shake it, instead just nodding and beckoning him inside.
“The cat seems to have killed a mouse,” he said, pointing over his shoulder.
She looked puzzled. “That’s the parish mouser, Father. Do you not want her to have it?”
He shook his head, turning to take one more glance at the gory scene. The cat had disengaged from the mouse and sat back, head tilted and staring at the little carcass from a respectful distance. Full perhaps? The priest’s eyes widened. The decapitated rodent trembled, fluids still oozing from the headless neck and began pulling itself along the cement in a tortured lifting motion. He gasped. “It’s still alive.”
Mrs. Glascow gave a dismissive headshake. “Just reflex, you know. You’ve seen a chicken after its head’s been cut off haven’t you?”
Case Terhune had not. The chickens in his life had already been dispatched and complemented by sauce. He had, however, spent a few summers on his grandmother’s farm and he recalled the old woman chasing a red chicken and taking it around the back of the barn. Later in the kitchen he had seen her standing over the sink plucking at something and red feathers flying. His grandmother never let him see the actual killing of a farm animal and even now he avoided dwelling on the memory of the lively red hen and its connection to his evening meal. Certainly he knew what running around like a chicken with its head cut off meant and once he read a disturbing French Revolution account of guillotined heads blinking and even trying to talk. Satisfied for the moment with the reflex theory, he stepped over the doorway, reflecting on the toll of Disney characters that single day had taken.
The rectory had no foyer and opened directly onto a parlor with a shotgun view into a dining room, kitchen and a screened back room that Mrs. Glascow called the sleeping porch. “It’s all redecorated for you,” she said, gesturing toward an overstuffed powder blue velour recliner and matching sofa. “I picked out the furniture. Church gave us the old stuff. It was pretty far gone.”
Case took in the sateen drapes and the margarine colored walls accented with shadow boxes containing china figurines and plastic flowers. Everything had a doily under or over it. He thought of his San Francisco minimalist living room and of the gentle amusement Lily would have felt at his new digs. “It’s perfect,” he said, and it was in ways that fit the path he had chosen. “You did all this after the tenants left?” Case asked.
“We was the tenants,” a voice said from the doorway. Case turned to see a large bear-shaped man filling the doorway.
Case was dismayed. “Mr. Glascow, I assume?” he asked. “You lived here?”
“Tim,” the man said tightly. “Twenty-five years. Since the last, regular priest left.”
“Course, it weren’t anywhere near this nice,” Mrs. Glascow interjected.
“I had no idea,” Case said. “You found a place?”
Mr. Glascow had remained in the doorway, still glowering. “Of sorts,” he said. “Over to the trailer park.”
“I’m sorry I’ve disrupted your lives,” Case said.
This time it was Mrs. Glascow who spoke “It couldn’t be helped – it seems. We was going to get Father O’Connell. He grew up just 40 miles from here. Don’t know what happened there – but a switched out priest is better than no priest at all.”
Case cringed. He hadn’t known of this switch-out and it made him feel counterfeit, like a storybook changeling, replacing the expected and familiar Father O’Connell. So, I’ve usurped a priest who was one of them, he thought. That’s helpful. “I hope I don’t disappoint,” he said.
Both Glascows nodded as if they had received their due from him and were ready to move forward.
It made Case’s kind heart ache. He’d caused their eviction, yet this couple had decorated, shopped for this unspeakable furniture, and even forgiven him for their own displacement, albeit grudgingly. He climbed the stairs behind Mrs. Glascow, the thickly carpeted risers so narrow he had to angle his feet, the wallpapered stairwell claustrophobic and densely floral. The second story contained two cramped bedrooms and a tiny bathroom described by Mrs. Glascow as the ‘big bathroom’ in contrast to the truly ‘little bathroom’ off the dining room.
His room was a small square. It was spotless and freshly painted in what appeared to be a denim faux finish. The thick slat venetian blinds were raised and polyester eyelet curtains dappled the Chenille bedspread with the day’s last sunlight. A dresser, a bedside table, a rocker and a walnut prie-dieu were the only other furnishings. A black missal lay atop the reading stand of the kneeling bench, its red silk page marker faded to a pale pink by sunlight and time. Above the bed hung a simple dark wood and metal crucifix. A vase of fragrant daffodils sat atop a doily on the dresser, beside a lamp with a white china base shaped like a milkmaid.
The tour ended in the kitchen, outdated but clean, and big enough to accommodate a steel dinette set upholstered in bright yellow vinyl. An old stainless percolator sat on the white and gold-flecked Formica countertop. “I brought my Keurig,” Case said. “I’ll bring it in from the car for breakfast.”
Case knew immediately from the set of the woman’s mouth that he had displeased her. “No need,” she said. “I can’t see spending a dollar a serving on those fancy pod things. I can percolate 15 cups for a dollar.”
His coffee just might be worth fighting for, but he had to choose his battles here. This was Mrs. Glascow’s territory. I’ll find a corner for the Keurig, he thought, resolute. “Can’t argue with that kind of a bargain,” he said. “Leave that percolator right where it is.”
Mrs. Glascow’s expression lightened as she swung open the refrigerator door and withdrew a covered dish. “Tuna casserole with peas,” she said. “It’s just a single serving, since I weren’t sure what you liked. It don’t need but eight minutes in the microwave. Don’t feel right not setting it out for you but me and Mr. Glascow need to get going. We’ll be back in the morning to look after you.”
She thrust the dish toward him and his hands sank under the weight of it. She and her husband left immediately, while Case was still holding the casserole dish.
He heated the casserole obediently although he was not hungry. While it microwaved, he ran to the car and pulled a bottle of wine, a decent red from one of the boxes. The cupboards were stocked and he chose a short juice glass for the wine then sat down in the kitchen rather than the dining room because it seemed friendlier. His first sip, as always, recalled dinners with Lily and the contrast between then and now brought tears to his eyes. He sampled the casserole, which was quite good and fed the rest of it down the disposal to spare Mrs. Glascow’s feelings. God forgive me for not sharing this with the poor, he thought, but I don’t know how to get it to them.
Upstairs, he sat down in the bedside rocker to remove his shoes and socks but found himself falling backward, holding one foot. He moved to the bed. One side of the featherbed was against the wall, the foot blocked by a huge ribbed chest, leaving the left side of the bed with the mirror looming over it as his only stable seating option. Case seldom looked in a mirror and when he did it wasn’t for long. He shaved mostly by touch with an electric razor and combed his hair the same way. As he tugged off his socks, he was forced to confront his reflection. He looked tired, his eyes were red, and a five o’clock shadow had defeated his plan to show up in Hearken clean-shaven. While his thirty-five years had not added any gray to his black hair, grief had left its mark in the fine lines around his eyes and mouth. He knew he was considered handsome. He’d heard it from family, friends, even in seminary where his apparent good looks had been discussed in hushed tones as a risky burden for a priest to carry. It just didn’t register on him.
When it came to his own face he had a sort of cognitive dysfunction, as if he couldn’t quite summon up his own features. He preferred it that way since sometimes his own image made him sad as if it didn’t or shouldn’t exist apart from Lily. It was the face his family and God loved, and that was all it represented to Case. He knelt on the prie-dieu to recite his night prayers, then undressed and slept a while.



CHAPTER 3
LILY


This one was in Technicolor and so vivid Case could see the amber flecks in Lily’s green eyes and the translucent pink polish on her nails. She was wearing an emerald, drop waist dress. It had been her favorite and the dress Case had chosen for her burial. They were in their San Francisco living room talking to a real estate agent – identifiable in the dreamscape by his gold jacket.
As always in dreams of Lily there was something just a bit off about her. This time she had a mild palsy – acquired post mortem of course. He considered this a small kindness from God or perhaps his subconscious to remind him she was different – transformed by death – just dropping by. Some part of him always knew, even in the midst of the wonder of being with her again, that she was no longer of this world.
There was nothing inherently bizarre about the setting. He and Lily had never spoken to a real estate agent in the living room of that house, but they had talked of selling it just before eternity intervened. He was accustomed to that almost normal feel in his dreams about her. As always when Lily visited, Case simply wanted her to stay. She was happy in his dreams, laughing the way she always had, her eyes shining with love for him and for life. His brain gladly suspended disbelief just to be near her again. Usually at some point a switch in his rational mind would flip on and the dream just ended, leaving him with a Lily hangover that was both sweet and haunting.
But in this dream script Lily hunched suddenly forward, hands prayerful but mantis-like and contorted toward her chest. “Can you get me out of Hell, Case?” she asked him, her tone as supplicating as her posture. “You’re a priest now. Can’t you get me out of Hell?”
“It’s the least you can do, Case,” the real estate agent turned changeling said, baring a set of Hollywooded teeth, his tone unctuous and that of a professional closer.
Lily dropped to her knees, arms beseeching, tendrils of smoke rising from her dark blond hair. “It’s the fire that burns but does not consume,” she explained earnestly, looking directly into Case’s eyes.
The real estate agent nodded in agreement. “Tell me about it,” he said, his mouth now a square furnace populated by hot coals, his lips scorched to crisp rashers.
Then Lily’s hair became a halo of flame, the green dress smoldering too and Case’s dream persona pulled her toward him. Her arms became charred wood in his hands and beneath the cracks in the wood her bones glowed red. Just as he thought the fire would claim her entirely, she was restored. “Thank God,” Case said, but then he saw her hair begin to smoke again, the whole process repeating.
“Make it stop, Case. Make it end,” she pleaded.
A paper cup appeared in Case’s hand and he splashed its contents on Lily’s superheated flesh where the liquid sizzled off and vanished.
“Oh,” the real estate agent said, his tone dismayed. “That little bit of water didn’t help at all. That didn’t save her.”
Case woke in a gasping sweat. He maneuvered in the bed to see the clock. It was 3 a.m., the hour of the soul’s lowest ebb. Case’s twenty-two year old sister had died at 3 a.m. after six days of battling injuries from a car accident. The family had occupied the ICU waiting room in shifts and Case at sixteen and his mother had pulled the graveyard shift – which that night it turned out to be. It wasn’t looking good by then after episodic hopes that she would recover. At exactly 3 a.m. Case heard the crash of an IV pole, glass breaking, rushing steps. He and his mother had looked at each other, knowing who had just died in the ICU. Knowing without being told. Since then he regularly awakened at that time. Sometimes from a dream, sometimes for no apparent reason.
He swung his legs over the side of the bed, drank from a bottle of tepid spring water, then flopped back on the bed exhausted but alert. At first the full content of the dream eluded him but then came back frame-by-frame until he recalled the unpleasant curve ball this one had thrown him. Prior to that night dreams of Lily had comforted him. They had served as a way he could once again experience Lily as real. But tonight’s hellish segue had served to horrify him for the same reasons that used to bring him comfort. It seemed so very real.



CHAPTER 4
HEARKEN
SPRING 1924


Edward Goddard felt a blossom of heat in his chest and mistook it for a brandy glow instead of the Devil enflaming his heart. The lavish home sat on a section of land amid the oilfields and gentle hills of Northeastern Oklahoma, just north of the boomtown of Hearken. He liked to think a Vanderbilt would have been at ease there, although the scion would likely have fled the oil patch town on the first outbound train. That night, Edward sat in his grand, mahogany den presiding officiously over nothing, while his full blood Osage wife and newborn baby girl lay upstairs attended to by servants.
Edward had spent the day in a scarcely contained rage. The infant’s first cry had triggered a wave of incantations and rattle shaking from the old Osage women who had gathered for the event. When Edward entered the room minutes after the birth, the child was already wearing moccasins, her little arms and legs festooned with heathen, beaded ribbons. All morning, the procession of old crows had traipsed through the house, chanting and wheeling about in a shuffle dance while Edward’s wife, Oshi, beamed at each profane display of tribal nonsense. They have no business in this house, he thought, his body quivering with cold revulsion despite that warm center in his chest. The parish priest had stopped by to bless the baby, the gesture of little comfort to Edward since it only reinvigorated the dancing and rattle shaking.
Not that Edward hadn’t been taken with his pretty Indian wife, at first. While his father had pushed him toward Oshi’s oil wealth with single-minded avarice, Edward had delighted in the gentle cadence of her Osage tinged English and her boarding school acquired manners. As for Oshi, Edward thought it understandable that Oshi had fallen in love with him. He was after all Hearken’s most sought after bachelor.
The Goddards were Hearken’s leading citizens – the family only recently displaced as the wealthiest by the oil boom and the Osage head right system that granted each tribe member a hearty share of its bounty. Oshi was one of these lucky Osage – fortuitously acquiring multiple head rights to the mass of riches running just under the ground.
Building the Goddard House had united the young couple, at least for a little while. They picked out Italian travertine for the fireplace and installed the latest kitchen appliances including the first automatic dishwasher in Hearken, a spanking new Frigidaire and an aquamarine ceramic cook stove that every female in Hearken just had to see. The house had a nursery from the start, a beautiful sundrenched room with French windows, gleaming hardwood floors and hand stitched Irish lace curtains.
Despite the decidedly modern American contents of the house, Oshi had added an Osage touch to every room. Three years into the marriage she had transformed her bedroom into a culturally confused mix of Osage and Catholic trinkets. Crucifixes shared a wall with Osage ceremonial pieces and lace mantillas for mass lay on the dresser alongside beaded Osage hair ribbons. Her expensive wardrobe from Henri Bendel’s in New York hung in her closet beside a pow-wow dress and multiple pairs of deerskin moccasins.
From the beginning of their marriage, Oshi had preferred her Osage friends to the white townsfolk and despite her husband’s dissuasion, she had continued going to the dances at the local pow wow grounds.
In the first flush of their romance Edward remained silent while Oshi commissioned a replica of an Osage ceremonial roundhouse, patterned on an existing one some 25 miles away. Now it stood out of sight of the house over the curve of the south 40 hill. The structure was used by locals for dances and rumored peyote rituals. Now more than ever with the veneer of the marriage worn thin, Edward simply wanted it gone. Oshi had fought him in her gentle way, even enlisting the local Catholic priest to preserve the heathen structure.
Oshi had remained unfailingly sweet to him and to everyone else, but the pregnancy had not brought them closer. Edward had hoped for her assimilation to his ways. As he sat listening to the March wind pull at the eaves of the mansion Oshi built, Edward knew Oshi’s integration would never happen.
Just that week, Edward had discovered some manner of ceremonial ribbon hidden in a cubbyhole in his desk. He entertained the thought that she was casting some pagan spell on him, although he had no cause to believe this. It was not the first such heathen object he had found. Early in the marriage he had tolerated them, seen them as a misguided expression of affection. This latest one he had cast into the fireplace, the beaded profanity scolding him with sparks as he watched it burn.
The couple had always slept apart, the New York architect who designed the home having told Edward separate suites for husband and wife were stylish among the wealthy. Edward thought this strange, but agreed as always to anything that elevated him socially. He found he liked the arrangement, enjoyed surprising his pretty wife late at night, then slipping out of her bed to the privacy his own masculine appointed bedroom afforded. Early on, Oshi had even come to his bed some nights. Edward found these visits delightful but during the second year of the marriage the late night bed-sharing had dwindled and during the pregnancy, had stopped completely.
Although Edward still left each morning to manage his car dealership, a fairly recent Goddard enterprise aimed at the newly wealthy, selling luxury automobiles to oil rich Indians had become almost unbearable to him. The fine white folk of Hearken couldn’t afford the Cadillac’s and LaSalle’s, not without plundering a head right through marriage, mayhem, or assuming the role of fawning providers of luxury items to the suddenly wealthy Osage. While the Osage took lavish trips to Europe and imported marble monuments for the graves of their dead, their sudden wealth became a cottage industry for Hearken. Whether it was fur coats or diamond rings or automobiles, someone in Hearken was there to provide it. And with alcohol readily available for a price and sold from the back of the Hearken Hotel even during the height of prohibition, some of the newly wealthy took to drink. In just a single year, Edward had seen two of his luxury cars paid for in oil cash, driven from the showroom floor and straight off the shoulder of the county highway.
His father, despite orchestrating the marriage, now called Edward’s bride a heathen through gritted teeth and no longer entered Edward’s house. But still, it was Oshi’s oil wealth that powered the household and its ever-growing staff of servants and ranch hands. Edward was accustomed to privilege and the novelty of increased wealth had grown somewhat stale. He did not, however, have any intention of letting it go.
Edward slapped his thigh and a muscular German shepherd jumped to his side. Edward chose a fine cigar from a rosewood box and walked to the entryway. The delicious spring night soothed him as he strutted the path toward the large barn. His fine quarter horses nickered softly at his footfall. He was filled with pride for this ranch, built with Oshi’s head right money on a full and gently undulating section of land.
One of his best mares was heavy with foal. The dam was a producer of champions, the sire equally proven and he anticipated a born sprint racer and a born winner. As he approached the paddock he found the mare standing head down, sides heaving. As he came closer, he spotted the lifeless body of her foal. The mare groaned and sniffed at her dead foal in obvious anguish. Distraught, but mindful of his clothes, Edward walked to the ranch house and fetched his foreman.
“It’s a shame,” the foreman said, lifting the perfectly formed sorrel filly into a wheelbarrow. “Sometimes there’s a hole in the lung,” he told his boss. “They don’t have to breathe in the womb so they’re fine until they come into the air.”
The animal’s head hung over the iron edge, its eyes open and glazed, legs akimbo. Edward thought of the months it took for the foal to form, all for nothing. Awakening to the world had been a death sentence.
Edward recalled that days before Oshi had pinned one of her damnable beaded ribbons to the mare’s mane. “Good luck,” she had said, touching the mare’s swollen belly then her own. Edward had been horrified at what he considered a vulgar and wholly inappropriate display of kinship with a beast, albeit a magnificent one. Tonight his anger surged again out of nowhere. How is this for luck? he asked. His heart filled with rage at his young wife and this time the rage encompassed his own tiny daughter.
“Lord deliver me from my pain,” Edward pleaded, eyes heavenward. All he found were swirling shadows – the stars were not yet bright enough to see through the evening atmosphere –and between him and the night sky were the tossing tree branches from the surging March wind. When he lowered his eyes, a figure stepped out of the dark. Emily Carter touched his arm. “I made some broth for Oshi,” she said. “It will make things better.”
“How kind of you,” he said, addressing his high school sweetheart in an oddly formal manner. Emily was the grocer’s daughter and Edward had come to believe that Heaven had meant him to marry her instead. Her sudden presence signaled an omen to Edward – perhaps some part of God’s vast plan. Emily stopped abruptly at the big porch, just shy of the exposing circle of light from the huge brass lantern over the front door.
“Don’t you drink the broth,” she said, her fingers digging into his arm, commanding his attention. As he accepted the glass jar, their eyes met. In her eyes, Edward saw a swirling movement, dismissing it as a trick of the dark and unaware that his own eyes were waltzing too.
Edward entered the house – resolved or perhaps resigned to the task at hand. It was simply meant to be. He sent the old women home and told the nursemaid he would visit his wife’s room and wanted privacy. He crossed the threshold of the magnificent kitchen and stopped at a row of polished oak cabinets. As he placed the jar of soup on the counter, a huge black sewer roach moved across the immaculate floor. Edward dispatched it with a brutal stomp, the insect’s glossy black carapace giving way with an unpleasant pop.
The broth was still pleasantly warm as he cupped his hand around the jar to pour it into a bowl. He selected a spoon from the silver drawer, turning it and checking it for cleanliness as was his custom. He wiped the counter with a towel although he had made no mess. As he turned to leave he saw the ruined bug struggling across the linoleum, its faintly white and liquid intestines trailing along behind its flattened body. Edward shook his head in surprised disgust. “Stay dead you damn thing,” he muttered, grinding the bug into a winged paste that quivered yet.
Edward climbed the grand staircase he and Oshi had chosen from the architect’s three sets of elaborate drawings. He spooned the broth into his wife’s mouth, mechanically, rapidly, until Oshi turned her head and refused to swallow any more.
Oshi rose in the bed on one arm. “Bring her to me Edward.”
“No. Lie down and rest. The nurse will care for her.” He left her alone.
Three hours later Edward approached the bedroom again.“Oshi?” Edward asked the quiet room. “Are you awake?” When he got no answer, Edward went to bed.

*

When all human activity stopped for the night, Oshi pulled on a coat and tiptoed into the nursery to gather up the swaddled child. She fled down the back staircase and left the house through the servants’ exit. She ran to the Osage prayer house. She tucked the blankets snug then kissed the tiny infant repeatedly, leaving her along the curving wall under the long windows. “The Devil can’t hide here,” she told the baby. “Please live and grow in Christ’s light. Your mother loves you.”
Oshi struggled outside, falling repeatedly on her journey back to her own deathbed. She slipped a note under the nursery door.

*

Edward had slept fitfully. It was only 5 a.m. when he left his bed and walked down the hall toward Oshi’s room. He shouldn’t have been surprised by what he found there, but the visual confirmation of his deed startled him. Her body was already cold and stiffening and his hand recoiled from her arm. He moved down the hall to the nursery, tapping at the door. As it swung inward, Edward saw a white scrap of paper at the nursemaid’s foot. He bent and swiped it up. My baby is in the roundhouse. Please take her to our people. He crumpled the note into his fist.
“Your mistress is dead,” he told the nursemaid. “Call the doctor immediately.” Edward rushed from the room and pounded down the stairs. He took the gentle hill fast, down the south slope to the roundhouse, pulling the heavy double doors open.
The child was soiled and squalling, but unharmed. “Thank God,” he said, but relief was not precisely what he felt. The infant’s gown fell open and an Osage finger weave ribbon was exposed, pinned to the Victorian lace. Edward fumbled with the ribbon and the pin pierced his finger, blood pouring, splashing on his shoes and dripping to the ground out of all proportion to the tiny wound.

*

Upon his return to the mansion, Edward directed the servants to clear the nursery of everything Osage. He then fired the nursemaid for complicity in hiding the baby, although she had never seen the note. Within an hour, word had gotten around town that Oshi was dead. When Edward entered the kitchen after firing the nursemaid, Emily was there with other women from the white community. The dear woman had already washed the dishes, among them the bowl and jar that had held Oshi’s soup. The baby began to wail and Edward handed the child to Emily. In her arms, the child’s skin seemed to lighten. He imagined he saw his Scottish grandmother in the tiny button eyes and rosebud lips. Even the infant’s squall seemed less grating and he felt his rage subside. Edward smiled approvingly at the sight of his true love holding his child.
As his household began the rituals of death, Edward grew restive. He called his dog and strode toward the barn, pausing at the paddock. The mare that lost the foal nickered at his approach. The paddock gate was open. Edward peered through the opening. There beside the mare was the sorrel foal, covered with the mud of the grave, sucking at the teat. “Blasphemy!” Edward shouted. The foal swung its neck to the sound of his voice and regarded him with fixed and dilated eyes.



CHAPTER 5
GODDARD RANCH
SUMMER 1924


Emily Carter smiled at Edward Goddard across the expanse of the dining room table that would soon be hers. She was pleased that Edward no longer allowed the house servants to live in, a change which afforded them privacy after the evening meal was set out at 6 p.m. For three painful months, she and Edward had stayed apart. Now the estate had settled and any risk of a contest to the inheritance had passed. Concessions? Yes, there had been a couple. The roundhouse would stand and remain in ceremonial use. Oshi’s Osage relatives would have visitation rights. But the wealth. It would be all theirs.
All this glorious week, following the disposition, Emily had been picked up by Edward’s chauffeur and delivered to the Goddard house. The taciturn driver returned her in the morning before the servants arrived at the Goddard Ranch. The arrangement did not stay a secret for long, but the technicality of separate dwellings satisfied the couple’s diminished sense of propriety. Her beloved was too large an employer, too powerful a man to be shunned or confronted for his behavior. The Goddards had been generous to the church. Emily was sure that after the wedding, they would be welcomed back at St. Bartholomew’s to proudly occupy the first pew.
During their self-imposed separation, the preoccupation with the estate process and hunger for Edward had crowded the terminal event out of her thoughts, at least most of the time. The infant Wasie was being cared for by Edward’s parents for the time being. Now in their first week of playing house the focus shifted to planning a discreet out of town marriage. If guilt formed in Emily’s head, she pushed it away. Edward had told her of the spells Oshi had cast on him, of the strange objects he had found, of how she had placed pagan objects on his child. Oshi was a witch, Emily thought. Not only is Edward saved, the child is saved. She and Edward would raise the baby. She would be a good mother to Wasie. But sometimes Oshi’s kind face entered her mind’s eye uninvited and Emily shook her head and whispered, “Go away.” Sometimes when Oshi still wouldn’t leave her, Emily convinced herself she had not meant for the poison to kill Oshi, only to make her sick so that she would have to be sent away for a long time.
She and Edward had not discussed the night Oshi died, not one time. She knew only that Edward believed God meant them to be together.
Edward held out his arms and Emily came around the table to him. He pulled her into his lap and kissed her. She was dizzy in love with him just as she had been when Oshi had stolen him from her.
The couple ascended the grand staircase, laughing, touching, but hushing reflexively as they passed Oshi’s bedroom, the door closed as it had been since her death. Emily hated passing that room. Tonight as every night that week she imagined a cold draft on her ankles as she hurried by. Everything will change once we’re married, Emily thought. We’ll empty that room and throw open the windows. We’ll redecorate everything.
In Edward’s suite, Emily pulled a fashionable step-in chemise out of her bag and laid it on the bed. Cut like a child’s romper, its bare shouldered, above the knee design brought a giggle from Emily and a sigh from Edward. “It’s from New York,” Emily said. “Isn’t it positively alluring?”
“It will be,” Edward replied. “Once you are in it.”
Later, the couple slept in each other’s arms, a gentle breeze rippling the curtains.
When the dream came as it had every night she had spent in the house, Emily moaned in her sleep. It was a wall of flame and it was coming for her. She turned to run and a second wall of flame, then a third and a fourth appeared forming a box with her in the center. Emily knew what it was. It was hellfire.
She gasped awake. “A nightmare,” she told Edward.
“Dreams are not real,” he assured her, pulling her against his chest and stroking her hair.
Emily’s pounding heart slowed, but just as her breathing fell back into the rhythm of true sleep, a keening sound awakened her. Edward didn’t seem to have heard it but she woke him and he sat up against the ornate carved headboard.
“It’s the wailing.” she said.
“Perhaps I do hear a cat off in the distance,” he said. Emily knew he was just trying to comfort her. She knew he heard nothing.
Soon Edward was asleep again and Emily eased out of his arms and tiptoed into the hall and down the stairs. She would heat some milk to help her sleep. In the huge kitchen, she swung open one of the many custom cabinets. Centered on an otherwise empty shelf, was a glass jar identical to the one she had filled with soup for Oshi. Every night that week Emily had found it there and every night she had thrown it into the big ashcan outside the back door. The servants playing tricks, she had thought, but tonight what was left of her soul knew better. Emily gasped and eased the cabinet shut.
Unnerved and forgetting the milk, she retreated back to the staircase, wearily pulling upward along the balustrade. Her step quickened as she approached Oshi’s bedroom. Instead of the customary cold draft she felt something different, more substantial, a whisper of cloth perhaps or the brush of icy skin. Emily cast frightened eyes downward. The door swung inward of its own accord. Flung across the floor was the misty approximation of a woman, the hand outstretched across the threshold toward Emily’s ankle. Emily screamed and Edward rushed out to her. “I saw a ghostly shape,” she sobbed. “Right there.”
“No. No. It’s just a trick of lighting. He pointed up to the clerestory windows. “See, look. The moon has cast light on the floor.”
Emily sighed and her sigh became another sob. The dapple of light and shadow wasn’t what she had seen. Not at all. “No Edward. It was Oshi. She grabbed me from under her door.”
Edward embraced her, although she sensed a difference in his touch as if he found her less adorable at that moment, despite the flattering moon.



CHAPTER 6
NOAH KENNEDY


The Glascows, an elderly black man in a glossy three-piece suit, and four somber faced Native American women attended Father Terhune’s first mass in Hearken. He assumed word hadn’t gotten out that daily mass had been reinstated. Or worse, he thought, maybe word had. Still, as he incanted the ritual and raised the Host, Case knew Christ was keeping his promise to be present when his believers gathered. He spoke to each of his parishioners at the church entry. Somehow he felt more nervous and less qualified at that moment than he had in his most challenging experiences as a young physician.
The women introduced themselves as members of the Osage community and asked him to pray for their friend, Wasie Goddard. Case promised to say his next mass for her, although the matriarch of the Goddard family had been in his prayers even before he arrived in Hearken.
Noah Kennedy was next in the short line to speak to Case. He was eighty-five years old, tall and thin and had lived in Hearken all his life. As Case conversed with the Osage women, Mr. Kennedy had adjusted his hearing aid at intervals as if wanting to gather up every spoken word that might be left to him. Mr. Kennedy endeared himself to Case immediately as the old man continued the nervous adjusting of his hearing aid while they spoke one-on-one in the doorway of the church.
“Never was many black Catholics in Hearken,” he told Case with a bemused expression. “Fact is, I’m the only one left. Darn missionaries got to my parents – turned ‘em from Baptists. So I been one of them tokens all my life.”
It was evident to Case that Mr. Kennedy enjoyed his role as the only black congregant of St. Bartholomew’s. The old man told Case that his daughter had left the church after marrying a Baptist and had raised his grandson in that denomination.
“I’m not faulting him mind you. Catholic or Baptist, we all love the same Jesus. It’s hard for folks to stay Catholic in Hearken, without a full time priest and with just a Sunday mass. Not many church activities either, ‘cept for that bean supper now and then.”
“Well, daily mass is back and maybe we can organize a few more events,” Case said.
“I’ll be there,” Mr. Kennedy said, his left hand tapping the side of his ear.
“Do you drive?” Case asked.
“Heck no. Me drivin’ would be a mortal sin. My neck gears don’t turn so good these days. I have a car, but I keep it put away now.”
“Can I take you home?” Case asked.
“My friends here’ll take me, that is unless you want a tour of the town.”
Case didn’t hesitate to accept, acutely aware of what his attention probably meant to the old man. “That would be great, if you’re not too busy.”
Mr. Kennedy just laughed as if busy was nothing more than a luxury of the young. Case changed out of his cassock and Mrs. Glascow summoned them to the kitchen for a “light” breakfast of biscuits and gravy, ham and orange juice. Coffee percolated cheerily, the Keurig relegated to a far corner.
Mr. Kennedy ate hurriedly, eager to get going. Once in the car the old man wrestled with the seat belt at length, muttering all the while about that damn Japanese technology. Just as Case reached over to intercede, the buckle clicked into place, silencing the unrelenting alarm and Mr. Kennedy settled into the worn leather seats of the old Honda with a sigh.
“Were you born here, Mr. Kennedy?”
“Sure was. My Dad or his Dad had a hand in just about every brick laid in this town.”
“Does your grandson live here?” Case asked.
“He’s foreman at the Goddard Ranch. Good boy, but busy, you know.”
 “You must have seen a lot of Hearken history. I read up on it a little. Most of what I found was pretty sketchy but interesting.”
“Interesting, but real sad in parts. This was some town with the oil boom and the money it bring until the Depression came along. My Daddy told me all sorts of stories. The Osage was smart enough to keep their minerals. A lot of Osage got rich, but a lot of them got robbed by land swindlers and crooked lawyers.”
“I read an account of the Osage head rights murders in the 1920s.”
“Yeah, there was more of those than anybody wants to admit,” Mr. Kennedy said, tapping his ear and shaking his head.
The old man pointed to a wooded area with an arched white wood entry, and Case curbed the car. Wood lattice was nailed to the sides of the arches and plastic flowers had been woven through the grids. Through the arch, Case could see a large graveled area with a wire fence and wooden stadium seating that barely held back the encircling tall grass and scrub oaks. Concrete picnic tables along with two or three permanent shed-like structures lay at intervals along a gravel path.
“That’s the powwow grounds – have dances there every month. I go now and then for the Indian tacos. Them costumes are something else.”
Case imagined the lone, thin black man wandering among the powwow crowd in his shiny suit. The arch into the campground reminded him of a storybook portal to another kingdom. He couldn’t help but feel he was in a slightly different world – a world that bore no resemblance to anything he had known in his prior life. The quaint disorder of Hearken both disturbed and intrigued him. For a moment he imagined Lily exploring the town beside him, her curious nature excited and adventurous in this strange place. He looked wistfully at the dance pavilion, imagining his late wife walking arm and arm with the elderly man through the arch, eager to sample Indian tacos and to watch the spinning dancers. The old man’s voice brought him out of his reverie.
“Let’s go on up the road aways,” Mr. Kennedy said.
Case started the car and pulled back on to the road.
“Town had 8,000 population in the 20s,” the old man continued. “By the 80s we was down to about 2,300. That’s when priests from other parishes started driving to Hearken to say Sunday mass, visit the sick, and baptize babies. We was barely filling three pews on Sunday until four years ago when the Corps of Engineers started on the lake. Just building the lake brought people. We have city people with summer houses and older folk who live here all year around. Them folk have money to spend so the town’s livened up a lot. And there’s pricier real estate going up all the time. You seen the town sign?”
Cased nodded. “Forty-two hundred, if I recall.”
“Yes, sir, and changing so often, the paint on that sign stays wet most the time.”
When the old man pointed again, Case pulled over at a brick two-story building. Its concrete lintel bore the date 1912. “That was the municipal hospital, but now the county passes out the welfare checks there. I woulda been born there, but lucky for me the folks couldn’t afford it. Even nowadays, ain’t nothing dirtier than a hospital and I stay away from ‘em. Anyways, I was birthed at home by an Osage midwife, which probably accounts for my health.”
“I hear there’s a psychiatric prison facility here,” Case said.
Mr. Kennedy nodded. “South of town. The Charles Sturdevant Hospital. What’s left of it, anyhow. Big place once full of all sort of crazy folk, but it just kind of dwindled away. The state uses a couple of the buildings now. It still full of crazy folk, but now they’s all the criminal kind.”
Case’s car crept forward then stopped again when the old man raised his hand. He had made up his mind that no matter how many old buildings Mr. Kennedy wanted to show him, he would not hurry him. Case had always been a kind man and now tempered by loss, he was also a patient one.
“And there’s the Goddard Feed and Grain,” Mr. Kennedy said, pointing out a long, low red brick building. “The Goddards built it. It’s the florist shop now.”
“The Goddards have certainly left their mark here,” Case said, noticing the street they were on was Goddard Lane.
“Oh, yes, sir. Afton Goddard made his money trading with the Osage in the 1880s. He built a nice brick house near the First Baptist. My Granddaddy helped build it, but it got blowed away by the ’54 tornado. Kinda glad it’s gone, since some rich Tulsans would be turnin’ it into a bed ‘n breakfast. Those folk don’t understand them old houses have ghosts and ghosts don’t like all that comin’ and goin’ in their homes.”
Case drove on at a flourish of Mr. Kennedy’s hand. “Have you ever seen a ghost Mr. Kennedy?”
“I did. I was just a kid. Down to Bird Creek. Little girl drowned there in 1939. She weren’t but ten years old. One summer night me and some boys was swimming there. I got out first and sat on the bank a while. I seen her plain as day standing by a tree, her finger to her lips – hushing like. I think she just weren’t ready to go home yet. I never met up with her after that. Have you ever seen one?”
“Only in dreams,” Case said, turning on to the highway that led north out of town.
“This’ll take us past the Goddard Ranch,” Mr. Kennedy said. “Wasie Goddard lives there now. That’s the woman my Osage friends was asking you to pray for this morning.
“What relationship to Afton Goddard is Wasie?”
“Granddaughter. Afton’s son Edward married an Osage girl named Oshi and got her head rights in the bargain. That made him the richest man in town – richer than any white or Indian and richer than all of us black folk put together a hundred times over. They built the Goddard Ranch on her land on a hill two miles north of Hearken about 1920. It was the biggest grandest house in Hearken and still is. Oshi died right after her Wasie was born.”
“Did Edward Goddard remarry?”
“He did. For a little while. Her name was Emily I think. I hear she lost her mind and killed herself at the Sturdevant Lunatic Asylum. But that was before my remembering years.”
“That’s tragic,” he said, wondering what matter of drama had played out so many years ago. “Wasie must be nearly ninety years old,” Case said.
“Yes, sir. She’s got the Osage in her. Ninety years old I believe this year.”
“How sick is she?” Case asked.
“Real sick. She not even awake no more I hear. The granddaughter’s been here for a month looking after things. Her name’s Sophia. Wayne say she’s a religion professor at a college back east. Not much to see until we get about two miles north of town. Why don’t you tell me about yourself? Folks say you was married. Hearken ain’t never seen a married priest before. Though some say Father Cathey and his housekeeper was married back in some foreign land before he came here in the 70s. Sometimes she answered the rectory door in her slip.”
Case smiled. “Full slip or half?”
Mr. Kennedy laughed in delight, slapping his bony knee.
“But to answer your question, I was married. My wife died.” Case said.
“That’s real sad,” Mr. Kennedy said. “What was her name? I’d like to pray for her.”
“I’d like that, Mr. Kennedy. Her name was Lily.”
“What did you do before you was a priest?”
“I was a doctor.”
“That’s a high calling too,” Mr. Kennedy said. “This your first church?”
“Yes.”
“Family?”
“Not any more. I had a sister, but she died. Parents dead too.”
Mr. Kennedy’s patted Case on the arm. “That a lot of loss for such a young man to carry.”
“It’s okay, Mr. Kennedy. I don’t carry it alone.”
The men drove in companionable silence as the town fell away and the countryside opened up to large acreages ringed by barbed wire fences. Horses and cows moved lazily over a canvas of greening grass rampant with wildflowers. Case slapped the vents shut as an acrid smell filled the car.
“Skunk,” Mr. Kennedy said and pointed to a black and white hunched shape on the right shoulder. It wasn’t the first dead animal lying along their route that morning, but it was the most pungent.
“I’m new here, of course, but is there always this much road kill?” Case asked.
“No. Agriculture extension office say it’s the drought. I dunno ‘bout that.”
“Ever seen a dead animal get up and walk away? I saw a crushed possum on the road into town do that.”
Mr. Kennedy turned his big, bony hands palms upward. “Weren’t really dead then was it?”
“No. I guess not,” Case admitted.
About three minutes out of town, Mr. Kennedy gestured expansively to his left as if offering up the Goddard Ranch and all it represented to him and to Hearken. “There it is , all 640 acres of it. That’s a whole section of land, you know.”
Sitting atop a hill, the house was a huge, two story Edwardian with porches on both levels. Two farm ponds, one round and one kidney-shaped, were visible and a huge rambling barn lay between them surrounded by multiple split rail paddocks. The ranch stretched back beyond his sight. Case only now apprehended that a section of land was a big spread. “Impressive,” he said.
The old man nodded. “Wasie has thirty local folk working for her and raises some of the finest quarter horses in the state. Talk is Wasie is worth 25 million easy. And rumor has it a fair bit of that will go to St. Bartholomew’s.”
From what he had been told by the Bishop, Case knew Mr. Kennedy’s estimation of the Goddard wealth was on the low side. As they got closer, Case saw an odd structure at the south foot of the sloping hill. “What’s that?” he asked.
“That’s the roundhouse,” Mr. Kennedy said.
“What’s it for?”
“It’s a prayer house. Oshi build it in the 1920s being she grew up around one and wanted one near her when they moved to the ranch. Edward hated it, but after Oshi die he find out she left it in some kind of trust looked after by the Bishop. Edward had to let it stand or give up the big house, I hear. Local folk been praying there for decades and some say doing a fair amount of peyote smoking too.”
“Why was it built round?”
“Story goes that evil spirits can’t find no corners to hide in and just leave. Oshi must have believed it. Some say that the day Oshi died she took Wasie to the roundhouse and left her there. That little baby all wrapped up warm by itself. They say Oshi went back to the house, climbed into her bed and died. All sorts of talk, but nobody really know why she did that.”
Case was fascinated. “Why do you think she did it, Mr. Kennedy.”
“Reason for it’s lost. Can’t find it now.”
As the last of the Goddard Ranch receded, Case glanced over at Kennedy. The old man was obviously enjoying sharing his local knowledge which balanced any guilt Case had about asking him another question. “Have you heard about the murder that happened here a month or so before I came? Banker killed his wife? I heard about it at the diocese office.”
“Oh, you’ll be hearing plenty more. Everybody talking about it. Andy Cotton was at the ranch with his wife the night before he killed her. My grandson Wayne helped Sophia with the party, being he pretty much runs the place. It was a real shindig. Fancy barbeque, riding, calf roping. Most of the Hearken big wigs was there. It’s a big house with plenty of bedrooms so she put ‘em up for the night. I figure maybe Andy took the house the wrong way – folks with problems sometime do. Maybe he felt the trouble.”
“What do you mean by the trouble?”
“All houses have trouble–one time or another.”
Case sensed the old man pulling back for the first time. “Had Andy and his wife been fighting?”
The old man gave a shrug. “Not that no one says. He couldn’t been real happy with her, I guess, seeing what he did.”
“How did he kill her?” Case asked.
“Broke her neck with his bare hands.”
“I’d think that would be hard to do”
“Not if you know how and you’re reasonable strong.” Mr. Kennedy spoke authoritatively, as if he’d broken a few himself. “They had them spy cameras all over the Cotton house. A lot of the lake people do. It show them coming into the house. She’s just puttering, straightening the way women do in a kitchen. He come up behind her and just twists her head. She drops like a rock and he stands there grinning like a looney. Then he goes to the knife block and starts carving her up. Ever hear of an Italian chestnut knife?”
Case nodded, recalling that Lily had purchased one after seeing it used on the Food Channel. They had gone on a roasted chestnut binge until they grew sick of them and relegated the knife to the junk drawer.
The old man continued. “Didn’t know there were such a thing ‘til this happened. Well he used one to scoop up her eyes. Hear the Sheriff found them in a bowl with a bunch of grapes. Ain’t nothing could warrant that. Don’t see how even God can forgive him. And there’s a tape too, on that burglar system. I guess it’s for rich folk who want to listen to who robs them.”
“What’s on it?”
“Just Andy, reading aloud to hisself.”
“What’s he reading?”
“Recipe cards, I hear. Goes through a whole box of ‘em. When the police come, they have to wrestle ‘em away from him.”
“And what’s happened to him since?” Case asked.
“He’s over to Charles Sturdevant Hospital ‘jes south of town, working his way through a new box of recipe cards I hear.”
“Did you ever meet him?”
“He only been here about two years. Those lake folk mostly go into the city for church ‘cept once in a while. But he Catholic all right. Met him at a bean dinner once over to the church hall. Handsome family, rich lookin’ you know. Reminded me of them TV families. Not the Huxtables, the Brady Bunch more like.” Mr. Kennedy laughed at his own joke, adjusted his hearing aid again and shifted in his bucket seat. “If you want to see where Andy and his family lived, take the next right and I’ll show you.”
Case made the turn and drove east following a sinuous but smooth asphalt road until the lake appeared like a misshapen Easter egg hiding among the scrub oak and pines. Lake Town was more an addition than a town, made up of a collection of large houses on sloping lots with individual lake docks. The homes were an odd mix of faux Victorian and Colonial designs with an occasional stucco hacienda thrown in. The curlicues and fiberglass columns were architecturally disturbing, but Case knew the homes represented owners who possessed means, if not design judgment.
“That there’s Andy Cotton’s house,” Mr. Kennedy said pointing to an ostentatious castle replica complete with mini-turret and three-bay garage. It appeared the builder had difficulty selecting from a stone, brick, stucco or wood exterior and had used them all to achieve an eclectic look that bespoke architectural clutter. Part of the structure cantilevered over the shoreline, mimicking a medieval moat bridging the gap to the boat dock. A huge funeral wreath hung on the front door. Despite lavish landscaping that burst with seasonal color the house appeared empty, lifeless and sad – recent events robbing it of any happiness that once existed. there.
Case squinted and shaded his eyes against the sun. On the apron of the driveway lay several birds, their drab natural coloring brightened by spilled blood. They were obviously dead, but he turned his head preferring not to see if they suddenly weren’t.
Mr. Kennedy reluctantly admitted he needed a toilet. Case offered to look for a gas station but the old man said no. “I’d best be getting home,” he said. “Don’t like those public toilets none.”
He directed Case back along the highway into Hearken, then across the old rails to what had once been an exclusively black community and was now just exclusively poor. In one yard, two little boys climbed and tumbled amid rusted car parts and twisted weeds. The children looked happy in their dangerous playground and Case considered they were still too young to know they were poor. He imagined the meager pantry inside that home and determined to funnel some church funds into this area or some of his own if need be.
Mr. Kennedy looked over at Case’s dismayed expression. “Always has to be a poor side of town,” he said. “Otherwise folk wouldn’t have nobody to look down on. Guess you know what they used to call this neighborhood before things started changing in the 60s. I won’t say it ‘cause my ears don’t never want to hear it again. Most of the young folk live in the main town now – mostly old folk still here, some black, some white, some Indian.”
At Mr. Kennedy’s direction, Case pulled up to a narrow frame house covered with green asbestos siding and built in the classic shotgun style of oilfield towns. The plank porch was held up by two squared off posts. An enclosed metal carport stood at the end of the unpaved driveway. Mr. Kennedy fished a key out of his pocket and opened a padlock on the carport door. “A 1957 Mercury Cruiser,” he said, his hand stroking the fender. The car was pristine. Case knew very little about vintage cars, but even he recognized this one. “It’s beautiful,” he said, lightly touching the window chrome.
Kennedy beamed. “You probably wondering how a poor old black man got a car like this.”
“No,” Case said, although he had been wondering just that.
“It was a gift from Wasie in 1964,” Mr. Kennedy said.
Case gave the car one more admiring glance. “I bet there’s a story behind that.”
“Sure is,” Mr. Kennedy said. “Sometime I’ll tell it to you.”
They emerged from the carport. Wind chimes hung from a weeping willow tree and the air was honeysuckle drenched. Flowers bloomed in every niche and a Francis statute perpetually blessed the yard. Blue jays, cardinals and sparrows vied for position along the wire fence and a double-seater porch swing creaked in the breeze. He stood by as the old man took the two plank steps up to the porch. Unlike the carport, the house was unlocked. “Come in if you like,” Mr. Kennedy said. “I can make you some Nescafe.”
Case sensed the old man’s fatigue, thanked him for the tour and his time. He drove away from the house onto the narrow gravel lane. Kennedy’s house was one of the better ones in the neighborhood. Many were virtual shacks with twisted iron and old cars on blocks filling the tiny yards. He bumped over the inactive railroad line, its remnants still asserting a right from a wrong side of the tracks despite the equalizing weeds.



CHAPTER 7
BACKGROUND


Case sat in the rectory kitchen poring over the materials provided to him. He had read them twice on the airplane flight to Oklahoma, but now he studied them religiously.
The contents of the first file made a meager stack: Oshi Goddard’s 1924 obituary was on top, listing her survivors as her husband, Edward Goddard and daughter, Wasie Goddard. A patient evaluation of one Emily Carter Goddard from the Charles Sturdevant Asylum came next, diagnosing her with hysteria due to a tipped womb, followed by a letter sent to the diocesan office by St. Bartholmew’s parish priest attributing her condition to demonic influences. Attached to the letter by a rusty paper clip was a death certificate for the same woman, dated 1927. Cause of death was suicide by hanging. The box for married was checked and the spouses’s name was Edward Goddard. Last was a 1948 death certificate for Edward Goddard, age 56, listing his cause of death as carcinoma of the stomach.
A second file contained a church correspondence describing the 1964 Roman Catholic rite of exorcism performed on Wasie Goddard’s 13-year-old daughter, Effie, at the Goddard Ranch. A lengthy account sent by Father Magri, the exorcist, made it all the way to Rome. Although Father Magri provided brutally graphic descriptions of the physical manifestations of the possession, the supposed ‘Devil’s utterances’ delivered through the mouth of the child were described only as ‘horrible and degrading to all present.’
The third file covered recent occurrences and although it was the thickest of the materials, it was mostly a compendium of insect and animal accounts that made Case think Hearken needed pest control more than a priest. Inside he found a letter sent to the Bishop of the Diocese of Eastern Oklahoma from Wasie Goddard. It was postmarked just three months before Case’s own arrival in Hearken and was handwritten in a thin, trailing script that denoted an infirm hand.

Dear Bishop O’Hara:
I hope my letter finds you well. I have resisted contacting you, but I can wait no longer. My health has declined rapidly in the last weeks. For the first time in decades, I cannot maintain the essential regimen of prayer. I can no longer kneel to pray and, even reclining, I often lack the strength to move my fingers over my rosary beads. Sometimes, the words of protection leave my mind entirely and I cannot summon them at all. I can no longer defend this house and those in it. I don’t know if I can keep my condition from my granddaughter, Sophia, much longer. She mustn’t come here. She would be defenseless against this. Please protect her if I cannot. Things that shouldn’t are stirring again. You know of what I speak. Please send help. 
In Christ,

Wasie Goddard

Case set the letter aside and rubbed his eyes. Wasie Goddard had been in declining health when she wrote the letter and although she obviously believed something evil was resurging in Hearken, her comments were vague. Still, her words unsettled Case. He wondered why Wasie feared for her granddaughter’s safety. Wasie had survived 90 years in that house. What was it was it that made Sophia so defenseless?
Feeling a little let down and hoping his mission wasn’t a frivolous one, Case returned the items to the accordion file, then pushed his hand back in to straighten the contents. Wedged at one end he found an envelope he had overlooked on his flight. Inside was a curriculum vitae for Sophia Goddard, Professor of Religious Studies. He gave it a cursory read. Folded inside was a photograph of a young woman with dark hair and large eyes. He thought Wasie’s granddaughter and heir looked young to be a full professor even in a rarified field at a small private college.
Case wasn’t sure the church was right in taking an interest in this town. He wondered how much Wasie Goddard’s multi-million dollar estate factored into their response to her plea for assistance. He had to admit, however, that animals didn’t seem to die easy or for long in Hearken.
Case, an inveterate list maker, made one now:

1.Investigate walking road kill
2.Visit Wasie Goddard
3.Cleanse Goddard Ranch
4.Visit Andy Cotton
5.Have Holy Day schedule printed

Mrs. Glascow bustled into the kitchen.
“Hot tea?” She asked. “I’m going to make some anyway.”
“Yes. Russian style, please.”
Mrs. Glascow raised her Cold War eyebrows.
“Lemon and sugar,” he said.
As she approached the table Case placed his forearms over his list and smiled at her.




CHAPTER 8
ON ANGEL’S WINGS


Case dialed the Goddard Ranch expecting a servant to answer the land line. “This is Sophia Goddard,” a woman’s voice said.
“Hello, Ms. Goddard,” he said. “This is Father Case Terhune. I’m the new priest at St. Bartholomew’s. I’m trying to get to know my parishioners. I’ve heard your grandmother is ill and I wondered if I could visit her?”
Sophia was slow in responding and at first Case wasn’t sure the woman was still on the line. “I know she wants the Rites of the Sick, but I don’t think it’s time,” she said after several heartbeats of silence.
“She doesn’t have to be in imminent risk of death to have the sacrament. It can be repeated.”
“That’s what I want to avoid. She views them as Last Rites. I’d prefer to wait until death is near. She’s stable right now, although unconscious.”
Her voice was youthful, but cultured and firm. She sounded to Case like a woman who knew exactly what she wanted for her grandmother and when. “Of course,” he said. “If there’s anything I can do, let me know.”
That didn’t work out very well, Case thought, gently returning the phone to its charging stand. His first attempt to minister to the Goddard household had been an inauspicious one.

*

Seven days passed before Sophia called him. In that time he had baptized a baby, said mass each morning, and visited the town’s cinderblock nursing home repeatedly. Mrs. Glascow’s idea of a serving could feed a village and he had gained three pounds despite his surreptitious use of the garbage disposal.
This night he had been reading a recently posted on-line book about St. Paul, which made the case for the saint having been married. It was tedious going and Case decided he could have picked up the author’s new findings about the theoretical Mrs. Paul by stopping at the synopsis. Case thought it quite possible that Paul had been married at one time. In his eyes, it didn’t detract from the saint one way or the other.
Case did not, however, believe Christ had been married. It puzzled him that people could not leave the celibacy of Christ alone as if he needed marriage to humanize him, to complete him. Why not give him a mortgage and twins? Christ was busy and his family encompassed the world and all time. Besides the Gospel tellers would not likely have omitted a wife-had Christ had one. Celibacy would not have been come with bragging rights in those times, particularly for a religious leader.
Christ’s family was mentioned in the Gospels. Why no mention of his wife in the same accounts? To Case that lent credibility to Christ’s unmarried state being factual. Was it not possible, Case thought, that in serving all humanity Christ had foregone a personal life? Or perhaps, Case the psychiatrist countered, I need to believe Christ was celibate so I can view my own celibacy as an emulation of him.
His secular friends had warned him that when his grief subsided, he might regret the vow of celibacy he had taken so readily. So far this had not been the case. Celibacy was part of his commitment, a promise to keep along with many others. He was as in love with Lily four years after her death as he had ever been. His grief wasn’t gone but had been transformed by his new faith into a dull ache, minimized only by the belief that he would see her again. He exited from the Paul biography, saw it was 10:30 and reached to turn out the lamp. The ringing of the phone halted his hand just near the chain. “Hello,” he said.
“This is Sophia Goddard. Is this the priest I spoke to a few days ago?”
“Yes, this is Father Terhune.”
“I said I’d call when my grandmother was near death and she is. She’s still not conscious but her directive says she wants the sacrament. Can you come?”
“Yes, of course.”
“You said you were new here. I’ll send someone for you.”
“That’s not necessary. One of my parishioners gave me a tour of the town – we drove past your house. Big white place on the hill? North of town off the highway?” He cringed at his own words, suddenly feeling like a stalker or a tourist.
“That’s it,” she said coolly.
“I’ll be there in twenty minutes.”
He dressed quickly, grabbed the valise that held his sacramentals and left the rectory. The March night was windy and had a restless feel. He climbed into his car and drove to the state highway that led north from town. He recalled Mr. Kennedy saying the Goddard house was two miles north, then one mile west on an asphalt road. He turned off the highway and slowed the car to a near crawl. Darkness had transformed either side of the road into an unfamiliar landscape; a nightmare territory of claw-like tree branches lurching against a pitch backdrop. He came to an asphalt road and exhaled with relief that he had been able to remember the route. He turned onto the road confidently.
The asphalt road veered off and dwindled into gravel after about half a mile – surely he would have remembered that. His hands grew suddenly damp on the steering wheel at the realization he was on the wrong road. He rolled down his window and squinted into the unfamiliar darkness failing to recognize the terrain beyond the narrow road. The moon was only a pale sliver and provided no illumination.
Good job Case, he thought. Not only are you lost, you’re going to be late and you know how the guy upstairs discourages being late for the dying. Then aloud to the road, “Mortal sin if ever there was one.”
After several turns, he braked, the car crunching to a stop on pulverized limestone gravel. He scrabbled at the glove compartment and found a flashlight with viable batteries. “Oh,” he said, stepping out and looking around him. Numerous graves with weathered markers surrounded his car. He had driven straight into a cemetery, Hearken’s cemetery no doubt. He pulled out his cell phone. The Glascow’s would be asleep. He hated to do it but he would have to call the Goddard Ranch for directions. The phone was lifeless and dark. When had he charged it last? He stepped out of the car walking along a side path turning the phone and hoping for a signal. Again nothing. The flashlight swung wildly in his left hand until he gave up on the phone and refocused the beam.
Suddenly, he was in the company of angels, many of them seven feet tall. He stared at them in wonder. They looked very wise, in the way such cemetery beings can. Some had chunks missing from their hands or faces. One had a broken wing. They were magnificent creations, hewn from the finest Italian marble. His eyes searched the base of one tombstone. The name Joseph Running Bird was etched into one surface along with the achingly sad span of 1915 to 1926. A neighboring stone bore the name Ka-wa-ska 1870 to 1913. Indian names, Case thought, oil money must explain these lavish memorials.
He turned to face another angel.

OSHI WHITEDEER GODDARD
JUNE 11, 1900 to MARCH 17, 1924
WITH GOD

He touched a marble wing in reverent surprise that he had found this particular marker. His hand touched something sticky and wet. He pulled his hand back and looked at it in the beam of the flashlight. In the yellow light he could only see a clotted darkish ooze on his fingers that could have been motor oil, snail slime, even wet moss. He wrestled a handkerchief from a pocket and rubbed his fingers. Against the whiteness of the cloth the ooze was still unidentifiable. He resisted the instinctive urge to smell the stuff.
There were other monuments and other stone angels some with the Whitedeer surname, some with other Native American names. He sensed a presence behind him, turned and confronted a gently smiling angel with partly unfurled wings.

WASIE WHITEDEER GODDARD
MARCH 17, 1924 to

He shivered, considering the strangeness of driving straight to the waiting tomb of his dying parishioner. Then he noticed the dates. Just as Mr. Kennedy had said, Oshi had left the world on the day her daughter Wasie had entered it.
A thump and a creak sounded off to his left. He turned the beam towards it, finding nothing. The sound had originated from a place just where his light grew weak. The sound came again, only this time it was deeper. Muffled as though it had come through dense earth. He looked down at the ground beneath his feet. The hair prickled on his arms and the back of his neck. Deeper, he thought. From the earth itself.
Case caught movement in his peripheral vision over by a grove of trees. He swept the beam through the dark until it revealed a tall and distinctly human figure. Case could see the man was clothed in a formal but strangely tattered suit. Case thought instantly of a character from one of his favorite childhood books – the Shaggy Man of Oz. Only this Shaggy Man was far stranger than the loveable hobo created by L. Frank Baum.
He dropped his flashlight then scrambled to pick it up and redirect the beam to the bizarre vision, ready to confront it. But it was gone. “Who’s there?” he asked the darkness. The renewed sound of creaking earth came in response. He bit his lip, thinking better of calling attention to himself.
Case moved the flashlight beam in a slow sweep, focusing on the uneven tree line. There he was again. Closer than before. Shaggy Man was standing bolt upright and staring. This was no mere glimpse. The Shaggy Man was real. Only this time the figure stood still, watching Case. His lips were peeled in a leering, hungry smile. Shaggy Man’s arms were raised from his sides, outstretched as if in mock welcome, the long fingered hands limp and downturned. Case summoned his courage. “Hello,” he said.
The figure gaped his mouth, the effect reminding Case of a toy nutcracker’s dropped jaw. The Shaggy Man didn’t speak, but emitted a whirring turbine-like sound and began to move in a shambling gait toward Case. For the young priest, it was a watershed moment and he turned, stumbling across the uneven gravel, past the silent angels of the Goddard matriarchs. Although he did not look back, he thought the whirring sound was gaining on him and his retreat became a full run. His hands grappled on the hood as he moved around the front of the car and pulled the door handle. Once inside, he punched the door locks. He caught a glimpse of the Shaggy Man at the rear of the car. Case turned the key and footed the accelerator and the car jack-rabbited forward. He made several incautious turns on the cemetery lanes until he found the asphalt road. From there he retreated to the main highway, clutching the wheel at ten and two.
Case was breathing heavily. Sweating. He scanned the passenger seat beside him and realized he must have dropped his flashlight at the cemetery. The soiled handkerchief was still in his right hand. Lowering the window, he let the wind take the stained cloth, just as he passed the $1,000 FINE FOR LITTERING HIGHWAYS sign.
Already, the rational part of Case was making sense of his fear. What had he seen exactly? Surely the man had been there. He had been corporeal. He had been real. But the strange suit. The lurid smile? The beseeching, out flung arms? Surely these had been distortions of his imagination? A caretaker, Case thought from the safety of the car. A perfectly harmless caretaker. But that sound that came out of him. What on earth was that?
Case nearly laughed. Had his hands not still been shaking, his jaw still clenched, he would have. If the man had been the night watchman then Case’s unexpected visit had probably scared the local as much as Case. He wondered what he’d say to the man if he met up with him on the streets of Hearken. But God, the man had spooked him.
And, Case reasoned, the weird ooze on the angel hadn’t helped. He recalled seeing a shrike impale a mouse on the barbed wire fence at his grandmother’s farm. Perhaps that explained the stuff on the angel’s wing, although the monument looked smooth, not spiked. Nonetheless, he was prepared to add it to his list of Hearken gory animal encounters. As for the sounds? Surely anything could account for them. The Bishop had told him Oklahoma had occasional minor earthquakes – maybe he’d been in one.
Case hadn’t run scared like that since he and a friend got spooked by an owl one night in his grandmother’s barn. The boys had run pell-mell, legs pumping until they reached the circle of light from the kitchen door. Since those sweet summer days at his grandmother’s house he had avoided the countryside. In truth, he’d even avoided the suburbs. He didn’t really know why, only that once he grew up and his beloved grandmother was long gone he equated the country with isolation.
He and Lily had lived an urban life, a stylish, affluent, intellectual kind of life. She, a geriatrician with a passion for making the end of life better, he a psychiatrist devoted to understanding organic behavioral disorders. Their young careers and reputations had been on the upswing. Life had been so very good.
He smiled at the thought of himself running panicked through the country cemetery. At that moment, driving down the dark highway and still frazzled from the terror that had filled him only moments before, more than anything left to him on this mortal coil, he wished he could share his thoughts with Lily.
This time he took the second road west of the highway and within moments the big white house rose up to greet him at the top of a steep drive – sitting, he suspected, just where it had been all along.

*

After encountering Case, the Shaggy Man didn’t stick around for long either. He shambled across the manicured cemetery lawn, gaining more confidence in his footfalls until he was pumping his long arms and legs in a near-run. He reached the edge of the cemetery and entered the dense blackjack forest beyond. Low-hanging branches did more damage to his already distressed suit, but he pushed them aside and clamored on. After some twenty minutes of sustained movement through this obstacle course of grasping tree limbs, he stopped and entered a cave big enough for a man. A gray fox had nested there and snarled at the intrusion. The Shaggy Man cast about for a weapon finding a sharp-edged rock. He grabbed the fox and used the sharp edge of the rock to tear a line in the animal’s chest until the ribs broke and the heart was exposed. The fox’s five kits mewed weakly in the dark of the cave. He lifted each kit to eye level, guillotined each with his teeth and then tossed each little head over his shoulder like a discarded apple core. The tall man in the damaged suit leaned back on his haunches and stilled.

And with the morn those angel faces smile,
Which I have loved long since and lost awhile.
Lead, Kindly Light—John Henry Newman


CHAPTER 9
LEAD, KINDLY LIGHT


When Sophia Goddard opened the door in the soft light of the foyer, Case noted her beauty dispassionately as a clinician might. He was, after all, a widower priest with a heart beholden only to God and a dead woman. She could have passed for 25, although he knew her age to be 34. The one-eighth of her that Case calculated was Osage lent her skin a warm glow –like a drop of coffee in cream. She had rootless dark eyes and her hair was glossy and black, cut artfully and chin-length. Her pricey jeans and crisp white shirt bespoke wealth by their very simplicity.
“Sophia Goddard,” she said. “I’m Wasie’s granddaughter.”
“Father Case Terhune,” he said, still out of breath and sweating from his cemetery detour. “I got slightly lost.”
She looked puzzled by him or by his condition, her expression slightly bemused. She touched her hair in a universal gesture of a woman meeting a handsome man. It was a gesture lost on Case. “Thank you for coming,” she said.
Case noticed she did not address him as Father although at the moment he didn’t feel worthy of the title anyway. “How is she?” he asked.
“The doctor doesn’t think she’ll last the night. I hated to bother you so late in the evening but it was her wish.”
He assured her he was glad to come and followed Sophia up a grand staircase to a large bedroom suite. As they entered, a nurse rose from the bedside and left. Four Osage women stood watch, one in each corner. He recognized them as the women who attended his first mass. They held rosaries and what appeared to be beaded ribbons. Sophia leaned over the bed and spoke softly to the unresponsive woman lying there. Hymns played softly from a Bose stereo.
Sophia pulled back from the woman on the bed, looking down at her with a worried line of concern, affection and sadness. She glanced around the room and then to Case. “Do you want the music off?” she asked. “The nurse thinks it comforts her. The servants tell me it was her favorite CD.”
“No. If she likes it that’s fine.”
“I’m going to leave you to do…what you do,” she said. She beckoned the Osage women to join her and they left the room.
Case approached the bed. A small woman with thin, white hair pulled back from her face lay propped on a huge pillow. Her breaths were shallow and very far apart. He pulled the purple stole of Christ’s authority from a small valise, along with holy oil and water and a stethoscope. He draped the stole around his neck creating an odd juxtaposition when he added the stethoscope stems. Case listened to the women’s heart and found it slow and faint. As a doctor, he was sure she was actively dying but not in pain. He administered the sacrament then made the sign of the cross.
As he stepped back from the bed, the music swelled and he became aware of it. He recognized Lead, Kindly Light the only music he had allowed at Lily’s secular funeral, and felt the haunting twinge of synchronicity. Lily had read in a biography of Mahatma Gandhi, a man she much admired, that this Christian hymn had been a favorite of the Hindu leader. Lily had shared this with Case as an example of Gandhi’s universal spirit. As they so often did when something sparked their curious natures or touched their hearts, they searched the Internet to learn more. Together they read the lyrics of loss and reunion then pulled up a website that allowed them to hear it. Despite their mostly existential beliefs, both had been profoundly touched by the hymn. “What a beautiful song. I think I see why people want to believe,” Lily had said.
“Me too,” Case had said. Looking back now, he knew that nascent faith had been within them at that moment. Belief had been within Lily like a seed that didn’t have time to grow.
Case thought of the content of the letter Wasie had sent the Bishop months ago – the letter now sitting in a file at the rectory. He looked around the room, with its heavy furniture and brocaded draperies and tried to imagine the woman penning the letter, most likely from this very bed. He wondered what exactly she had experienced. She must have been very worried and very tired. Nevertheless, it was that letter, that plea for help, that directly led to him standing beside her deathbed at this moment.
He sensed something had changed during the brief time his attention had wandered to the music and away from the dying woman. The room felt imbued with meaning as if something holy had occurred there. He had felt it before when souls returned to God. He laid two fingers against the tiny wrist. She had slipped right past him, as he had finished the rite and as her music played her way home. “May the Lord who frees you from sin save you and raise you up,” he said. Then he traced a final cross on her forehead in oil. “Lead, kindly light,” he said and the tears, which were there anyway, brimmed and ran down his face. So far, moved by the sanctity of death and Christ’s promise of continuance, Case had wept at every deathbed he had attended during his training and since his ordination. Here I am crying again, he thought, wiping the tears away. Some tower of strength for the relatives.
As he turned away, his foot bumped against something. He lifted the hem of the comforter and walked around the bed. There was a container of water under each of the legs of the four-poster. That’s odd, he thought, something stirring in his memory. Where have I seen that done? Then it came back to him. It was during his brief service at a San Francisco parish. He had made a call on a sick parishioner, a woman who lived in a shabby walkup. Her baby lay in a cheap crib and under each leg of the crib was a saucepan full of water. “Bugs,” she told him. “It keeps them from getting to him.”
Case left the room wishing he had known Wasie Goddard in life and wondering what type of vermin had been trying to crawl into her sickbed.
“She’s gone,” he told Sophia. “I’m sorry. There was no time to get you.”
“It’s okay. She wanted it that way I think – for me not to see it.”
Case looked for a suggestion of tears in her artfully lined, dark eyes, but found none. Her posture drooped though and she sighed deeply. People grieve in different ways, he thought. Not everyone cries at the drop of a hat like I do.
He resisted the urge to touch her shoulder or hug her as he might have done before he’d taken his vows. Becoming a priest shouldn’t make me less human in my response to grief, he thought. But sometimes it does. He turned to words of comfort. “May the peace of Christ be with you,” he said.
Sophia recoiled visibly. “Please don’t pray for me.”
He was blindsided. “My apologies if I offended you.”
“Think nothing of it. I called a priest. It’s understandable that you thought I was Christian. Let me assure you I am not. I’m an atheist. My grandmother was Catholic and her mother before her. Naturally she raised my mother, Effie, that way. But when my mother left home for college, she put all that aside, permanently.”
Ouch, he thought. Talk about jumping to false conclusions. It’s definitely not the time to bring up a house cleansing. “My condolences then, on your loss,” he said.
The Osage women reentered the room and assumed their places in the corners. Father Terhune approached each woman, relatively confident their attendance at Mass made his blessing welcome or at least acceptable.
Back downstairs in the spacious living room, Sophia offered him a seat. A servant brought coffee that he drank gratefully. Sophia folded her delicate, manicured hands in her lap. “It’s over now. I’m glad she’s no longer suffering.”
“I hope the sacrament comforted her on some level,” Case said.
“I followed her wishes, but frankly, I think many people need belief in an afterlife to confront the end of their human experience. I hope I can do that without the need for a bedtime fairy tale.”
“I don’t deal in fairy tales, Ms. Goddard. “I deal in faith.”
Sophia’s expression turned contrite. “I didn’t mean to offend you. I truly appreciate you coming. And please, call me Sophia.”
He regretted his abrupt tone. The woman was grieving and he had no right to parse her words.
“Can you say a mass?” Sophia asked him.
He nodded. “Of course.”
“I’ll give you her written wishes,” Sophia said. “My grandmother wanted a retired priest, Ryan Quinn, to be here at her funeral mass. He used to be the priest here in the 1960s. He knew my grandmother well and my mother, Effie, too when she was just a child. I’m not sure he’ll respond to me. When my mother died three years ago, I pretty much rebuffed him. Unlike my grandmother, my mother left the Catholic Church and didn’t want any kind of Christian memorial. I moved to Connecticut after her death and haven’t spoken to Quinn since. I suspect he prayed for her anyway, although my mother considered unsolicited prayer a form of spiritual assault.”
He found her comment strangely antagonistic and struggled to keep his expression neutral. “Are you sure you want him to come?”
“My grandmother wanted him to come. I’m her executrix and I’ll follow the directions she gave in life.”
“Then I’ll go get him for you, Case said.”
“Do you need me to find a phone number?”
“No. We priests have a network of sorts, I’ll find him.”
“Sophia smiled at him. “I suspect you know that the Church is a co-equal beneficiary in my grandmother’s personal estate – co-equal with me, that is.”
“Yes. I do. The Bishop has asked me to answer any questions you may have about the operation of St. Bartholomew’s or other community needs. If I don’t have the answers, I’ll find out.”
“So. We’ll be seeing a great deal of one another until it’s all settled, which I hope doesn’t take too long. I’m ready to get home.”
Case set down his coffee cup and stood. “I know you have arrangements to make. I’ll get out of your way. I’m sure it’s a hardship, being away from work and home.”
Sophia rose and moved toward the foyer. “I’m on sabbatical actually. I’m working on a book about the medieval church.”
“Oh?”
“I’m a Professor of Religious Studies at a small college in Connecticut.”
“That’s a surprising career choice,” he said. Case had not meant the comment confrontationally, but her expression told him Sophia had taken it that way.
“Why? Does one have to be a believer to study religion?”
“Apparently not,” he replied gently. “I’m sure you bring an interesting perspective.”
She smiled serenely, but her eyes remained sharp. “Belief in God has been a huge part of the human experience. It’s based on a psychological need for meaning that has no bearing on whether or not God is real, but I find it fascinating nonetheless.”
She reached out her hand and he took it in a light handshake. He thought he detected a slight tremor as she withdrew her hand. Suddenly he connected to her looks in a way he had not just minutes before. It was a fleeting thought and he quickly deflected the mild guilt he felt. After all, he was celibate, not blind.



CHAPTER 10
RYAN QUINN


Two days later, Case pulled through the porte-cochere of a Tulsa retirement home. Father Ryan Quinn sat waiting on a stone bench. The old man, white haired and of chunky build, was wearing his Roman collar and black clericals. He rested both beefy hands atop a battered wooden cane that he rocked back and forth impatiently. Although Quinn was obviously weakened by age and ill health, Case could still see the dynamic core of the man as he approached him and shook his hand.
The short walk to the car left Quinn breathless. Case noted the man had a limp and wore an orthopedic shoe on his right foot. “Are you sure you’re up to this?”
“Oh, yes. I appreciate you coming for me. Wasie and I have a – well we have a history. Did you meet her?”
“I was with her when she died. It was peaceful.”
“Rites?”
“Oh, yes,” Case said.
“Good, good.”
The old man’s breathing was slowing from the slight exertion.
“Do you have medicine with you?” Case asked.
“I do. It’s congestive heart failure. I have fatigue and more fatigue, but no pain. I’m well monitored here at the “farm” as those of us with our wits call it. There’s just enough protein in the pasta to prevent wasting disease and just enough fresh fruit to keep the scurvy subclinical. I’m luckier than most old men. I’m surrounded by sofa art in expensive frames, a dining room with a beautiful view, and a grand piano in the common room. My room’s nicer than anything I ever had as a parish priest. It’s not a bad life if you can keep the doctors from doping you up on whatever new drug the hot young pharmaceutical rep is peddling in his office that week.”
“Are you the only priest here?”
“There’s one other. He’s from Grenada. We’re fast friends, not surprisingly. If we stay up too late talking, the staff thinks we’re depressed. It’s just the opposite. We’re having a good time. I have the bad ticker. He has every kind of cancer. But no matter, God will make all that new soon enough, if he chooses to.”
“Wasie’s granddaughter is an interesting woman,” Case said.
“Sophia? I’ve not met her. Although I spoke to her on the phone around the time her mother, Effie, died. Wasie told me about her though.”
“She’s a professor of Religious Studies in Connecticut. Well, I found out pretty quickly that she does not mix work with her personal beliefs. She is a firm non-believer.”
“Oh, that’s an understatement. And Effie, her late mother, was an atheist too – at least as an adult. I’m surprised I’ve been invited to Wasie’s funeral at all.”
“That’s because it was Wasie’s written request.”
“Wasie Goddard was a fine woman and a devout one,” Quinn said. “Her faith never faltered. I’m honored she asked for me and somewhat surprised.”
“How long were you in Hearken?” Case asked.
“Two years,” the old man replied.
“That’s a short assignment. I know the church doesn’t like us to get too attached to our parishes, but two years… Were you unhappy there?”
“No,” Quinn said, his tone suddenly sharp.
“Called to a bigger parish perhaps?”
“No.”
One more question, Case thought. Then I’ll shut-up. “Were you sorry to be reassigned?”
“Sorry? Glad? After 50 years it matters little. My feelings from half a century ago can’t be of much interest to you, my boy,” Quinn said, his voice cracking with static or fluid in his lungs.
Case was nonplussed. The old priest had seemed voluble enough until his departure from Hearken was broached when his comments had turned abrupt. Case looked over at Quinn. He seemed to have physically shrunk in their time discussing Hearken and Case regretted his probing questions. At first the old priest’s obvious declining health had been far overshadowed by his vibrancy – his alert eyes and animated gestures while speaking. Now, some very raw ribbon of timidity – or was it fear? – seemed to have woven through Quinn’s voice and posture. Case noticed a faint tremor, a fidgetiness in the old priest’s hands and arms. “Sometimes the past is hard to revisit. Even good memories can be too poignant,” Case said.
Quinn nodded and cleared his throat as they passed a sign for Lake Town. “As we get older, the past is too much with us.”

*

The day of the funeral was perfect weather wise, a warm seventy degrees under a sky so blue it looked like a child had colored it that way. Best of all there was no wind to speak of, a weather condition that Father Quinn told Case happened only twice a year in Oklahoma.
By the time the funeral mass was over and the mourners had assembled at the cemetery and ringed the graveside, Case knew Father Quinn had to be exhausted. He looked over at him and the old priest was standing tall. Case had decided to take him to the rectory for a rest before returning him to Tulsa. Case just hoped Quinn could hold on for a few more minutes.
Wasie’s waiting angel smiled serenely, its hand outstretched as if in welcome. In the light of day, the Hearken Cemetery seemed a gentle, peaceful place, well shaded and well kept, lying in a shallow valley at the foot of the south boundary of the Goddard spread.
As Wasie had directed, members of her tribe chanted and performed a Native-American death song. The women who had guarded the corners of her deathbed then danced in ceremonial dress, gently shaking rattles, ending with voices uplifted in joy.
Before the final Christian benediction, a gray fox appeared from a nearby persimmon grove. The animal staggered in an uncertain pattern as it progressed forward toward the open grave. Its head was lowered as if in submission, its tail wagging in a jerky reflexive manner not indicative of wellbeing. To Case the animal looked obsequious – false. He dismissed the impression preferring to believe it was merely sick. A communal gasp came from the mourners. Confused, the mourners widened the circle around the grave but did not scatter.
The animal straightened slightly, moving in what seemed to Case to be a more purposeful manner. First it staggered toward Quinn, then changed direction to stop at Sophia’s feet. Its head swayed low to the ground, jaws dripping stringy saliva. Case grimaced as he saw a quivering strand of the stuff fall across the toes of Sophia’s shoes as she took one quick step back. Case noticed with sudden disgust that the animal’s chest was laid open, its ribcage exposed. Most disturbing of all was the grin-like rictus of the animal’s mouth.
The mouth, Case thought, it’s been stretched by something. Could it have been sewed or stitched to hold open like that? The animal reminded Case of a marionette or some failed taxidermy experiment.
An object plopped out of the fox’s joker mouth to lie at Sophia’s feet like an impious offering. It looked like a small wet ball until it began to move. Squinting to define the object, Case quickly figured out what it was. A headless fox kit.
Two or three heartbeats later a tall slim black man in a suit and string tie stepped forward. He swung his leg back, caught up the mother fox and booted it away from Sophia, then held a pistol point blank to the animal’s head and fired a single shot. Brain ejecta splattered the grass.
Who brings a gun to a funeral? Case thought, then remembered that he was in rural Oklahoma. He suddenly recognized the young man who had stepped forward not only by his skin color in a mostly white gathering, but by something familiar in his stance and he knew he could only be Mr. Kennedy’s grandson, Wayne. The shooter touched Sophia’s arm, as if to calm her. “Did anything get on your skin?” the shooter asked.
She shook her head. “No Wayne. I don’t think so.”
“Kick off your shoes,” he said. “Don’t touch them.”
Sophia obeyed, composed herself and moved away, leaving the still twitching animal in a heap near the open grave. Father Quinn stared at the fox and crossed himself.
A cemetery worker appeared with a shovel and a burlap bag. Wayne held the bag open while the worker slid the fox and the shoes off the shovel and into the bag. Wayne pointed toward the crawling baby fox and the worker brought the edge of the shovel blade down on its midsection then scooped up the results. Case could see tiny legs fling out sideways as if the fox was surprised to find itself in halves and sliding down a shovel blade into a bag. Wayne nodded at Case to proceed and he and the cemetery worker disappeared through the crowd of mourners. Case imagined a second but somehow profane burial this day, the laying to rest of the sack of grotesqueries in some unhallowed ground at the edge of the cemetery.
Father Terhune turned back to the grave and began to recite Romans 8:38-39. I am convinced that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, not present things, nor future things, nor powers, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord.
 He looked to Father Quinn for the final blessing. The old priest straightened and his Irish voice rang out strong. May her soul and the souls of all the faithful departed through the mercy of God rest in peace.
Sophia stood a little apart from the ranch hands, townsfolk and other mourners. Her lips remained still and pursed during the prayers. There were no amens from her. As the service ended, she removed a bracelet from her wrist and tossed it into the open grave and when she stepped back, the gravediggers immediately began filling the hole. Sophia’s eyes were watering, Case noticed, and he witnessed a fat tear break the levy of her dark eyes and spill down her cheek. Her head dipped and a small sob escaped her. Case watched in amazed shame to see the display of grief. Until now, Case had sensed only vague emotional landscapes in Sophia. He had misjudged her.
Waiting for the mourners to pay last respects and disperse, Case considered what he had just seen. Through the years, he and Lily had played a game they called First Word that Comes to Mind. They’d call the game, then write down their responses so as to not influence the other. It was remarkable how often their words were the same. They played the game leaving parties and movies and restaurants and were delighted when their responses matched and even when they didn’t.
When they met the rotund, new chief of staff at the hospital where Lily practiced, both had written the word “Pickwickian.”
Leaving a highly touted foraged foods restaurant they had exploded in laughter when they both described the $200 thistle salad as Tumbleweeds.
Now Case played the First Word That Comes to Mind Game alone, but came up with two words for the fox incident: Unnatural and Creepy. He would be hard pressed to discount this incident, though the scientist in him would try.
As the last of the mourners left, Case took Sophia’s extended hand, stifling the words of hope that he wanted to speak to her, and settling for “I’m sorry about the fox.”
“If Wayne hadn’t…” she trailed off. Her voice shook.
Case was struck by how vulnerable she looked and how beautiful. “Wayne comes prepared,” he said.
“Oh, yes. He was Wasie’s most trusted employee.”
“Definitely the man to call for fox attacks.”
“It must have been rabid to act like that. I hear you’re a doctor as well as a priest. Do you think I could get rabies from being that close?”
Case wondered who had told her he was a doctor but reminded himself he had taken up residence in a very small town. “I am a medical doctor, but my specialty is psychiatry which makes me no rabies expert,” he said. “But even if the animal was rabid, it would have to bite you or its saliva would have to enter through a break in the skin. I wouldn’t worry about it.”
“It’s just so horrible.”
Case nodded agreement. “But you’re safe now.”
Sophia frowned. “I never feel safe here.”
Case thought this was an odd thing for Sophia to say since she was surrounded by a community of faithful and attentive staff. He glanced down at her bared feet, each nail exquisitely polished and painted a bright dark red. He looked away, ashamed by the momentary twinge of sensuality he felt. Where in the Hell had that come from? He was hardly a foot fetishist, even before he took his vows and certainly not at a funeral. Perhaps, he thought, it was the display of unexpected, exposed femininity in Sophia that had prompted the feeling.
Father Quinn approached and Sophia nodded at the old priest. She did not offer her hand to him. “Thank you for coming,” she said in a tone that sounded too flat to be truly heartfelt.
“I’ll be praying for your grandmother every day as I do for your mother. And like it or not Sophia, I’ll be praying for you.”
Sophia’s mouth set into a hard line. It was faint, but Case thought he heard an intake of breath that was almost a reverse hiss. “If you’ll excuse me, I must be going,” she said. She nodded at Father Quinn and her eyes met briefly with Case’s before averting them.
Wayne was waiting. He helped Sophia hobble along the gravel cemetery lane to the waiting car, which had been pulled as close as possible to minimize the barefooted distance.
“What do you make of the fox?” Case asked, folding his Bible under his arm and taking Quinn’s arm to help him over the uneven cemetery ground. The old priest said nothing, but he crossed himself twice. It was a hurried reflexive motion that reminded Case of a compulsion-ridden psych patient. The two priests made their way to the car. Case expected their drive back to Hearken to the rectory would be filled with conversation about the unsettling service, but it was silent. Within minutes Father Quinn’s head nodded to the passenger window glass and his heavy-lidded eyes closed, seemingly dozing.



CHAPTER 11
QUINN’S TALE


Back at the rectory Mrs. Glascow fussed and fretted over Father Quinn the instant the man entered the house. Although she had been too young to remember, he had, apparently known her since his name was on her Baptismal certificate. She prepared a huge meal and Quinn rallied enough to eat two of her excellent fried pork chops.
“Would the facility mind if you stayed the night?” Case asked Quinn.
“I didn’t give up my constitutional rights when I moved in – or, actually I probably did. But we can call and let them know. I doubt they’ll send the Active Lifestyle Van this far out just to retrieve me.”
“Do they really call it that?”
“The van? Oh, yes. I go now and then with my priest friend when we need razors and such. We’re just in and out compared to most. If you’ve ever waited outside a Wal-Mart for seven oldsters with memory issues, you’ve experienced the eternal.”
“There’s a sleeping porch.”
“If you don’t mind, I’d like to stay in the recliner. I breathe better sitting up these days.”
Mrs. Glascow rejected the idea of Father Quinn sleeping in the recliner, even steeling a momentary dagger-eyed look at Case which he interpreted as, “You’re going to sleep in that bed upstairs while this poor old priest sleeps in a chair?”
Despite this, Father Quinn won the argument and Mrs. Glascow gave in. She brought blankets, a water pitcher, towels and toiletries before hugging the old priest and leaving for the evening.
“Father Quinn. Will you tell me more about Hearken?”
“There’s quite a hole in the story of Hearken if I tell it,” he said. “I left here in 1964.”
“I understand – if you’re too tired.”
“I’ll tell you what I remember. Do you have a spot of brandy? Or a cigar?”
“I have both.”
“Shall we retire to the drawing room?” Quinn said regally.
“Wish I had one.”
“Well the old parlor will do.”
Case and the old priest settled down, with Father Quinn in the recliner and Case on the matching velour couch, brandy snifters and Nicaraguan cigars in hand.
For a minute or two the men sipped and puffed in silence. The old priest’s breath still came heavily but his eyes sparkled like the young Irish priest he had been when he first came to Hearken.
He looked at Case. “You’re moneyed aren’t you?” Quinn asked.
“Not by my own efforts. My great-grandfather acquired an embarrassment of real estate and the Terhunes have had it ever since. Tell me what gives me away?”
“I’m not sure. You have fine teeth, but that doesn’t mean so much these days with all those dental installment plans. I think it’s probably your speech, and your bearing.”
“Does it diminish me? Not having been born poor, I mean.”
“Not when it comes to brandy and cigars.”
Case laughed. “How did a priest with an Irish brogue wind up in Oklahoma?”
“I was sent here like you, although I doubt for similar reasons.”
After that cryptic comment, Father Quinn settled deeper into his chair. “Unlike you, Case, I was born a poor Irish child. I was the youngest of eight and my parents were pretty depleted in spirit and energy by the time I came along. Of my seven siblings, two became nuns and three including me became priests. The other two died from the Great Flu years before I was born. My parents exhausted themselves just keeping the coal bin full and porridge in our bowls.
There was no upward mobility for that generation, just the small pleasures of a pint or a few spring flowers now and then. I remember my parents drinking hot water when tea was dear – and you know they came to look forward to it like a Starbucks. My only chance for any kind of education was the church. I came here in January 1962 when it was still considered a mission post. I’d never been away from Ireland and I was homesick. Hearken was still pretty healthy back then– not like it had been in the 1920s but still a viable community. I moved into this house, slept in the same bedroom you use now, I suspect. I was 26 years old.”
Case tried to imagine Quinn, moving about this very house – young, hopeful, in a strange country far from home. He half expected the old man to turn taciturn as he had on the drive to Hearken, but Quinn seemed relaxed and eager to talk tonight. Nonetheless, Case determined he would not ask any questions about Quinn’s short tenure in this parish or his departure from this town.
“When I arrived,” Quinn continued, taking a deep draw from his snifter, “Wasie and her husband were kind to me. They had me out to the big house for dinner many, many times. They were a handsome couple and Effie their daughter was a lovely lass. The family never missed Sunday mass and Wasie attended almost every daily one. Effie had her confirmation the year I arrived.
Quinn paused and tilted his head toward Case. “Did the Bishop fill you in on the incident?”
“Do you mean the exorcism at the Goddard Ranch?”
“Yes.”
“I am aware of it. I’d like to hear your account, if you don’t object to my simple curiosity.”
Quinn took a long drag on the cigar and twirled the brandy in his glass. “I’ll tell you a bit,” he said. “The trouble started the spring of 1964. Effie had just turned 13. I’d noticed the child was coming to confession excessively, which I knew happened sometimes when children take their catechism lessons too much to heart. Finally, I told her it was very hard for a child to commit a mortal sin and that she could relax a bit. I talked to Wasie in general terms about how the girl was doing and she said the child was beset with compulsions – counting, touching things a certain number of times. She’d even developed a tic about the eyes. Puberty can do that, I had been told.”
“So Effie had been relatively normal up until then?” Case asked. “Nothing out of the ordinary?”
“No. She was a darling. And then, she worsened, began screaming, using profanities, cursing the saints. She had to be restrained. Weeks went by. She was losing weight, had to be force fed during her calmer periods. Doctors couldn’t find anything physically wrong. Her parents brought her home, hired nurses and waited. Nothing got better. The girl’s life was at risk. The Bishop was consulted and he summoned Father Magri, a priest from Malta, who was trained in the performance of exorcisms. The exorcism wasn’t anyone’s first resort, but it was the last.”
“Had you ever seen an exorcism?” Case asked.
“No. It was my first and my last.”
“I gather it worked?”
“It worked but it was brutal for all involved. The things she said…the things she knew were unnatural. Sometimes she spoke in Latin. But when she insulted us priests – she used English. Her behavior was lewd, mocking. After three horrible days, the Devil left her.
“Effie recovered. She returned to church and her family life. She left after high school. And she not only left Hearken, she left the church, apparently lost all faith in a higher being. Instead of being grateful on some level, she came to mock her former faith. Although she claimed not to remember the possession, it seemed she had some awareness of the event and seemed to blame Hearken for her troubles or maybe the ranch itself. From all accounts she led a normal life, if not visiting your family and abandoning your faith is normal. She married briefly, and raised her daughter Sophia into a successful young woman.”
“So Effie and Sophia never visited Hearken?” Case asked.
“That’s true, as far as I’m aware. Effie never came back after she left for college. And she never brought Sophia here – not one time I know of. Wasie visited them in the city on special occasions so Sophia did get to know her grandmother. After Effie died three years ago, Sophia moved to Connecticut.”
“At the funeral, Sophia was…she showed real emotion for her grandmother.”
“I can’t say how deep the bond was for Sophia as little as she saw her grandmother, but I suspect it was at least one of propriety. It was difficult to not respect Wasie Goddard. She was a formidable woman.”
“She must have been. Sophia’s here now and it’s quite obvious it’s out of respect for carrying out her grandmother’s wishes.”
“Her coming was a mistake. The Devil preys on human weakness but more than that he preys on unbelief. I don’t think Sophia is safe in that house. The reason Effie and Sophia remained safe all these years is because they stayed away.”
“Wasie was never attacked?”
“By the grace of God and by her ceaseless prayer.”
“What makes you think the Devil himself was present?”
“Oh, he was here Father Terhune. There’s a weakness in that family. I think it centers on the Goddard house – or maybe on the whole town. That was no mere demon in Effie.”
“Why would Effie have been a target? By your account she was a faithful child.”
“I don’t know. Maybe it was the turmoil of puberty. Maybe she just wasn’t strong enough to fight it off a presence that was already there waiting.”
“You think Sophia is at risk just by being here?”
“Oh, most definitely. She doesn’t believe in God or the Devil. She has no defenses. I pray for her daily.”
“She wouldn’t like that.”
“No,” he said, his voice flat. Then Quinn leveled a hard look at Case.
“How long have you been a priest?” he asked the younger man.
“Less than a year. I was a psychiatrist before. My wife died and I entered a seminary. This is my first parish.”
“So you’re a medical doctor?”
“I am.”
“Which medical school?”
“Harvard.”
“Case, I wasn’t born yesterday. These days the church uses its talent carefully since the priesthood isn’t high on the Top Jobs list. They wouldn’t waste a Harvard trained psychiatrist on this Okie watering hole. Unless, that is, there’s more to it.”
“It’s my first parish. I didn’t expect St. Patrick’s Cathedral.”
“Don’t prevaricate young man.”
“Don’t put me in a position where I have to,” Case said, his expression regretful not angry. And then, in a conciliatory tone, he added, “I think I’ve been placed where I’m most needed.”
“So I’ve done a lot of talking tonight, my boy. Now it’s your turn. If you don’t want to focus on why the Church has sent a man of your caliber to Hearken, perhaps you can tell me what brought you to the priesthood?”
“Oh, that’s a long story, Father,” Case said, fingering the glass in his hand. “Probably more than you care to hear in one night.”
The old priest shrugged. “Suit yourself. It’s not easy digging up these bones, is it?”
“Not easy or hard, I just think we’d need more brandy to get through it and I’m running low.”
“I gather you weren’t always called to the Church since you were a doctor and a married man.”
Case smiled. He could feel the old sadness pulling the corners of his mouth into more of a frown than a grin. Lily used to call his smile boyish. He knew if she had been living now, she would see that boyish smile having become something tempered by pain and loss. “Far from it,” he said. “I suppose, loss brings us closer to what we deny in ourselves. I might have always had the seed of faith but until I experienced…what I experienced, it didn’t have a chance to take root.”
Quinn smiled. “I can see you’re tired, boy. Once the gardening metaphors begin, it’s time to save the story for another day.”
Case laughed, grateful the older man had let the subject drop. “Join me in an Our Father?”
By the time the priests reached the end of the paternoster, Father Quinn was nodding. Case excused himself to use the bathroom and when he returned, Quinn was snoring.
He pulled one of Mrs. Glascow’s gaudy afghan quilts over the old priest and left him sleeping peacefully in the big blue chair.



CHAPTER 12
PRAYER TO ST. MICHAEL
1886


After celebrating mass one day in 1886, the elderly Pope Leo XIII had a strange spell. As he completed the sacrament, he froze in place, unmoving and unresponsive. His attendants rushed to his side, but for ten minutes the pontiff would not or could not speak. During this episode, the Pope heard the Devil asking the Lord for an interlude of greater freedom and power to subvert humanity to his side. To the Pope’s horror, the voice of the Lord granted the request, challenging the Devil to win the souls of man if he could. But when all seemed lost, St. Michael the Archangel took up the cause of mankind. Leo composed the Latin Prayer to St. Michael that very day then ordered it said at the conclusion of every Low Mass celebrated throughout the world.
This tradition continued unbroken until the 1960s, when Vatican II removed the prayer to Saint Michael from the end of the Mass silencing this daily global rebuke of the Devil. In 1994, Pope John Paul II encouraged the faithful to begin reciting the St. Michael prayer on their own. In 2014 Pope Francis reiterated the importance of the prayer, consecrated the Vatican to St. Michael and asked for the archangel’s protection against a Devil whose power is both real and underrated.

St. Michael the Archangel, defend us in battle.
Be our defense against the wickedness and snares of the Devil.
May God rebuke him we humbly pray,
And do thou
O Prince of the heavenly hosts,
By the Power of God,
Thrust into Hell Satan,
And all the evil spirits who prowl about the world
Seeking the ruin of souls.



CHAPTER 13
THE DAY LILY DIED, 
SAN FRANCISCO


Dr. Case Terhune saw only one patient that day, an affluent thirty-four-year old suburbanite who had left her three-month-old baby in its car seat and wandered away in an apparent fugue state. The baby was quickly rescued, its mother found wandering the median of a major highway. No charges were filed. Ellen Reynolds had no prior criminal history or psychiatric hospitalizations. The only clue to her behavior was a history of episodic withdrawal from friends and family.
Now Ellen was fresh out of a psychiatric in-patient hospital, her release contingent on an outpatient treatment plan that Case intended to supervise. Her test results were largely normal although in his review of her PET scan, Case detected a slight cold zone in her prefrontal lobe that had theoretically been associated with sociopathy. In his initial sessions with her in the hospital, Case had been disturbed by her vacant manner. She did not seem contrite on an emotional level although she readily acknowledged that what she had done was horribly wrong.
She said she did not remember leaving her baby in the car alone. Her family was supportive but deeply frightened. Her mother-in-law and mother were staying at the house in shifts while the father continued to work.
Case had entered medical school assuming sociopathy was wholly organic. Now in his first year as a practicing medical doctor and licensed psychiatrist he was reassessing, his own patients leading him to a multiple component theory in the development of sociopathic behaviors. Although cold zones on pet scans did correlate statistically to sociopathy, not all patients with such scans developed abnormal behaviors. Conversely a splendidly normal scan could conceal an aberrant mind.
He hoped science would identify the factors that might trigger active criminal sociopathy in predisposed individuals. He had studied the obvious – lack of parental love, an abusive childhood – but still felt there was something missing from the equation that produced a sociopath.
The reckless abandonment of a child by an apparently normal mother fit a pattern of incidents Case had been observing, cases of otherwise normal high-functioning people who suddenly committed unspeakable crimes. Mass shootings, bizarre family murders, these out of the blue acts of violence were increasing. Something cultural, societal or environmental was affecting people. He just didn’t know what it was.
One day, he and Lily had been channel surfing trying to escape from the CNN coverage of a mass murder that had left them shaken and sad.
“We aren’t praying enough,” the minister said as the remote landed briefly on a religious broadcast. “People used to believe in God and the Devil. Now so many don’t. In 1964 the Catholic Church removed the Prayer to Saint Michael the Archangel from the end of the Mass. About that same time the traditional morning prayer was curtailed in our schools. I’m not challenging the law of the land, but maybe the simple volume of those prayers was protective. In those two changes, millions of daily acknowledgements of a higher power were silenced. The Devil hates it when we pray. Maybe the diminishment of prayer is our loss and the Devil’s gain.”
Case punched away to another channel, but his eyes looked far away in thought.
“What are you thinking?” Lily asked.
“Do you know what the Prayer to St. Michael is about?”
She didn’t.
“Well, ask the Catholic kid,” he said, and shifted to look at her. “It’s basically a prayer of exorcism. My mother remembered hearing it when she was a kid. Pope Leo XIII added it to the mass in the 1880s after he had some kind of auditory hallucination involving the Devil. In the 1960s Vatican II removed it along with the saying of the Mass in Latin. It was long gone by the time I was an altar boy serving at masses. Some people think losing it was deleterious.”
“To whom?”
“Oh, I don’t know. To the congregants, I suppose,” Case said and laughed. “But I suppose its removal was a boon to the devil since it was Michael who threw him down from Heaven.”
“Was your mother upset about it? She didn’t seem all that religious.”
“I don’t think it upset her. It’s just a conversation we had once about how different the church she remembers was from the one I knew as a child.”
“You haven’t started believing in the Devil, have you, sweetie?”
“No. But belief in one may have an effect on human behavior. I’m just intrigued by the possibility that genuine belief coupled with prayer affects the brain. I’ve been reading about brain scans done on people while they’re praying and there’s quite a bit of evidence of increased frontal lobe activity in the tests.”
Lily looked at him for a moment, looking thoughtful and then the side of her mouth twitched up. “That’s very interesting,” she said.
He knew Lily too well to miss the softball she was throwing him. She was too intuitive, and too quick witted to have not sniffed out another story beneath Case’s medical anecdote.
Despite his agnosticism in religious matters, Case had always been somewhat of a visionary, while Lily had been more of a pragmatist. Taught in medical school to hear hoof beats and think of horses not zebras while making a diagnosis, it was Case who remained alert to zebras. “The best doctors always keep zebras in the equation,” he had argued. Over time, Case and Lily had merged their worldviews and it had benefited them as a couple and as doctors. 
Case gave her a hesitant grin. “I’m not necessarily saying God is there, I’m saying that people who believe he’s there may benefit from talking to him. Maybe the same is true for believing in evil.”
“Well, it’s nice to meet your born again side at last, Mr. Terhune,” she said with a gentle smile. “And,” she had added, “you were raised to pray. I wasn’t. It’s just not something I grew up with.”
“I don’t pray now,” Case said. “And praying in our family was not very heartfelt.”
“Those photos of you as an altar boy are awfully cute,” she said.
“You like me in frocks?”
“Not many men carry them off as well as you, it’s true,” she said playfully. “You can keep your pants on though for now – at least until bedtime.”
After that conversation, Lily had welcomed his thoughts in this gray and largely metaphysical area of belief and listened carefully to Case’s comments. Together they had read up on everything from random event generators, quantum brain theory and studies showing the beneficial impact of prayer on health.
He had barely noticed the thrum of his cell phone as he walked to the parking lot. It was an ordinary ringtone, imparting no sense of urgency. He settled into the sleek leather seat, adjusting the visor and putting on his sunglasses before answering. “Hello?”
“Is this Dr. Case Terhune?”
“Yes,” he said, but his thoughts were on getting home and a cozy evening with Lily.
“This is Detective Dan Scores, San Francisco PD.”
“Yes?”
 “I need you at General,” the Detective said. Case felt intrigued, not yet worried. He figured on some level that it was probably one of his patients pulling a stunt.
“What is it?”
“Doctor, it’s your wife.”
Case’s mouth went dry. “Tell me.”
“Just come,” Scores said. “As soon as possible.” Then the call dropped.
That was how his old world ended. With hindsight, he counted the memory of the frantic drive as among the more bearable ones from that day because at least during the rush to the hospital he had hope. There were times in the days to follow when he would bitterly recall Detective Scores’ final words on the phone. Just come…as soon as possible. As if speed would have mattered. Lily was irretrievably dead by the time the detective spoke those words. Later, Case would learn that Scores had not told him on the phone that Lily was dead because doctors had not yet formally pronounced her. But in the immediate aftermath of Lily’s death, the detective’s choice of words angered him.
Detective Dan Scores was a stocky man approaching 40 with black thinning hair and massive shoulders. He had met Case in the lobby, the cop’s Brooklyn origins apparent when he spoke. “Let’s sit down over there,” he said pointing to an empty row of chrome and vinyl chairs.
“No. Tell me now.”
Scores put his hand on Case’s wrist, squeezing hard, a handcuff of condolence. Case knew what the gesture meant and twisted away.
“I’m sorry, but she didn’t make it,” Scores said.
Case dropped to his knees – not in prayer, but because his legs failed to hold him upright. Scores took his arm and Case, regaining his footing, pulled away.
“Take me to her,” he commanded, skirting the hospital messengers of death who attempted to conform him to their protocol. Badge-flashing at staff, Scores led him into an emergency cubicle and withdrew, although Case could see the man’s dusty shoes, standing watch, under the curtain.
Lily lay covered on a rolling gurney. Case pulled the sheet away and it sailed to the floor in a gentle float. Her eyes were open and fixed, her skin the white of paper scarleted by some of the eight to nine pints of blood her body had spilled. The slash to her neck was deep and comprehensive, severing every possible avenue of lifeblood between brain and heart. The floor had been mopped, but badly and her blood swirled the floor like pale finger paint.
Her expression was puzzled. Worried? Regretful? He wondered why the doctors hadn’t closed her eyes, but he didn’t try to close them himself. Maybe she wouldn’t have wanted that, he thought. Maybe some sight remained to her in these moments right after death. Besides if he closed those eyes, he would never look on them again. A sob escaped him at that realization and hot tears spilled from his eyes and splashed on his Italian leather shoes.
She was still warm, still supple. He gathered her up and held her as one might a child not a wife. He touched each finger, like a parent verifying the wholeness of a new baby, then removed her wedding ring and put it on his little finger.
Her blood transferred to him and rather than being repelled, he was strangely comforted by it. When nurses moved officiously to reclaim the cubicle, he heard the detective chasing them off. Then Case, the fallen-away Catholic and existentialist humanist, filled a Dixie cup with water and baptized his wife.
When he finally left the room, Scores was still standing outside the curtain, looking miserable. Case looked at the detective and the man met his gaze. The man’s eyes were kind, although Case didn’t notice that at the time. “Who did it?”
“Guy’s name is Walter Peck. No priors.”
Case whispered back the name uncomprehending. “Why?”
“I don’t know. He’s not talking, literally. He pulled her out of her car at a stoplight and did this.” 
“Any witnesses?”
“Yeah. A young guy tried to help her.”
“Can I talk to him?” Case asked.
“If he’s okay with it. I’ll contact you.”
Case stormed out into the parking lot. Scores followed him. “Why don’t I call some family?”
“No,” Case said, outpacing the man with his longer stride.
Scores broke in to a trot to keep up with him. “Why don’t I drive you home?”
“No.”
Case got into his car and reflexively punched the door lock, a simple action that would have saved Lily had she thought of it. He caught sight of Scores in the rearview mirror. The Detective’s hands were thrust deep into the pockets of his untailored trousers, his face drawn and sympathetic. Pitying. Case hated the look on the cop’s face in the mirror’s reflection, ratifying as it did the incontrovertible reality of Lily’s death. He slammed the accelerator and pulled away.



CHAPTER 14
LILY’S FIRST DAY DEAD


Later, Case marveled he had survived the first night. He had gone home. Had fed their ancient Chihuahua mix, Gracie, and then sat in a frozen stupor. Each breath he drew seemed more profane, allowing him to continue without her. Friends had called and friends had come. Colleagues recommended tranquilizers. But Case had unlimited scrip writing powers of his own. He took nothing. He had calmly thanked them all, but he hadn’t let them stay. Case found himself unable to respond to the grief others felt at Lily’s death. The attempt of friends to comfort only salted his wound. Selfish in his bereavement and inconsolable, he had no room in his heart for anyone else.
Gracie whined when her normal bedtime came and Lily wasn’t there. She would not sleep again in her normal spot, in the small of Lily’s back. Gracie’s head tilted at the slightest sound, thinking perhaps, that Lily was coming home. As for Gracie’s perspective, Case could only imagine what the half-blind Chihuahua was thinking. Not only was her Lily gone, there was something terribly wrong with her other human. He was crying. Talking to himself. Where was the wonderful second dinner she always shared with them after she had eaten all her dog food? Case held her when she whined, but his normally kind, playful touch was cold and lifeless.
Case himself would not lie in the bed that night or for many nights after, preferring to spend those fitful hours on the living room couch, the TV on in a failed attempt to interrupt the flow of his thoughts.
On Lily’s second day dead, Case ate nothing and took only enough water to soothe his dry throat. His thoughts were chaotic, his breaths shallow. He barely moved. He considered the word nothing…No thing. That was what mattered to him now. No thing.
On her third day dead, he changed clothes, planned her funeral, viewed her body for the last time and closed her coffin, and again he took no food.
He tried to conceptualize the timeless state of non-being that Lily had entered, tried to get his mind around oblivion.
“She’s at peace,” his friends said.
But peace was a sensation – a condition. Lily wasn’t feeling peace – she felt nothing. She no longer knew him or a single thing. No thing in the past, present or future. The wonderful compendium of information, love and memory that had been his Lily was simply gone.
“She’s a part of you,” his friends said. “She lives in your memory.”
There was the rub to Case. The source of a pure beam of unbearable pain that pierced through any good feeling in his mind or body – a pain that was all his, not shared by the now uncomprehending Lily – just his. He envisioned weary years of this anguished guarding of her memory with the prize being his own stepping off into oblivion, not to find or join her but simply to cease.
On Lily’s fourth day dead, Case remembered that he owned a gun. His father’s nine-millimeter Beretta lay atop a closet in the study he and Lily had shared. Case sat in the kitchen holding the empty gun. The logistics of ending it weren’t as simple as he might have thought. He would have to board Gracie and leave a note to the friend he was sure would adopt her. The mess of it all bothered him and he didn’t want the bamboo floors Lily had loved so or any of her rugs in the bedroom ruined. The kitchen seemed the best place, being mostly steel and tile. It occurred to him that he had no bullets and would have to buy some. One would do, he thought and he smiled thinking of Barney Fife and the single bullet the deputy kept in his shirt pocket.
As a doctor, he knew where best to place the gun, but he was aware of failed attempts even by those who knew exactly where to point. He didn’t relish the thought of living on paralyzed or with half a brain. His wedding band caught light from the pendant lamp hanging over the table. Lily’s ring was still on his little finger, shining alongside his own. It was the warmth of that gold that made him reconsider. Lily would have been so sad for him. And so angry. He knew what her thoughts would have been. How dare he shorten the life she loved so? How dare he? And clearly, as if she were there beside him, Case knew what she would have told him at that moment. Tough it out, sweetie. Tough it out. And he did.
He put the gun away and took a shower, grateful for the perpetual heater that kept the hot water flowing as long as he wanted it to. Gracie followed him into the kitchen and watched while he made a cheese sandwich. He shared it with Gracie, watching as she took every mouthful delicately from his fingers and stared up gratefully at him. He cried as he ate because eating, like breathing, was an affirmation of his decision to live on.
 Without Lily.



CHAPTER 15
BEARING WITNESS


A week after the funeral, Detective Scores called Case with a phone number.
Case and Joe Decker met in a jogging park. They sat across from each other at a steel picnic table, the moist air and morning sounds creating a poignant envelope of time and mood around them.
The young man, neat, nervous with a patchy mustache and small hands, looked at the table more than he did at Case. He wore a pocket protector, and short-sleeved dress shirt – a draftsman perhaps, or maybe a bookkeeper.
Case gave Joe a prepared speech. “Don’t spare me, I’m a doctor,” he had said. “Blood doesn’t bother me.” Case wanted to know everything about Lily’s last moments of life.
“I was behind her in traffic,” Joe began tentatively. “She almost made it through before the light went red, but she stopped. Wish she’d gunned it, but she stopped. I saw this guy pull open her door and just pluck her out, kind of one handed. It was hard to comprehend, you know, what was happening. She came out fighting. But this guy was big…muscular. She tried to kick his legs out. Just as I came around the side of the car, he had her at arm’s length with his left hand and just slashed her with his right. With the knife, I mean. At first I just saw a red line, then the blood just came out like a sheet and he let her go. She just… kind of sat on the pavement at first. She had a scarf and she tried to stop the bleeding. I held my hand over the scarf and pressed and she just sank against me. The guy just stood off a ways. He kept grinning.”
“Did he say anything?” Case asked.
“Yeah,” Joe said. He laid his palm flat on the table between them, as if the words were written there. “The guy said, ‘Physician heal thyself.’ Then he just broke and ran.”
“Did she try to speak?” Case asked.
“No. I don’t think she could. I held her head and kept talking to her. Told her help was coming. She was in there. She heard me. I could tell the difference afterwards. You know, when she wasn’t there anymore.”
Case thanked Joe Decker and told him he was glad Lily hadn’t been alone when she died. “If you ever need help in any way, please call me,” Case said to the young man and handed him his business card.
As the men stood to leave, they hugged. It was an impulsive gesture and neither really knew which of them had initiated it. As the embrace ended Case saw that tears had welled in the young man’s eyes and were running down to drip off his chin. A dry sob caught in Case’s throat.
“God be with you,” the young man said.
“And with you,” Case replied, a response that puzzled him even as he spoke the words.
Case didn’t go home. He got in his car, remembering to punch the door lock as he had when he left her body at the hospital, fixating again over the moment in time when Lily had failed to do the same. His thoughts were dark and as deep and painful perhaps as the cut Lily had suffered.
Lily had tried to staunch the blood. As a physician she would have known she was doomed and yet, she had tried. She had wanted to live so much that it overcame her rational brain. Somehow amidst all the horror, that image tormented Case the most. Only his determination to understand why this had happened kept him on the road at that moment.
Case drove straight to the police station without making a conscious decision to do so. He strode past a desk clerk, who protested ineffectually without even rising from her chair and up to the fishbowl detective offices. Case could see Scores sitting inside, moving a yellow pencil across a legal pad. Case flung the door open, rattling its glass inset.
Scores eyed Case calmly. “I like the way they screen my visitors,” the detective said.
“It wasn’t random, Case said. “He knew she was a doctor. Did the witness tell you what he said?”
“Yes.”
“How did he know she was a doctor?”
“Maybe she told him.”
“I don’t believe that!” Case shouted. He leaned over Scores’ desk. “The witness didn’t see anything like a conversation going on.”
“You’re violating my personal space, buddy. A shrink should be aware of what that does to people.”
Case didn’t withdraw.
Scores wheeled his chair back a bit until it bumped the wall. “Maybe she spoke to her killer before the witness got close enough to hear?” Scores offered.
“No. Besides why would she have announced her profession to her attacker? Haven’t you even wondered about that?”
Scores sighed.
Case shot a bitter look at the man. “Where are you going with this investigation?” he asked.
“There’s nowhere for it to go, doc. I’m sorry. Peck is insane.”
“Is that your medical diagnosis?” Case asked, his voice condescending, mocking. He was playing every card of social status, education and wealth, against this man and he knew it.
“No. It’s just my opinion as a cop.”
“So he gets a pass?”
“I didn’t say that. He’s gotta be some kind of crazy, but that doesn’t mean he shouldn’t go to jail for it. I’m pushing the DA to prosecute. But it’s not likely going to be up to me. Doctor Terhune…Case. Don’t you think I care?”
Case removed his hand from the desk and stepped back, feeling exhausted. He sighed and felt himself sway on his feet. “It’s not that,” he said, his voice had lost its edge. “I just find you incurious.”
Scores winced. “That,” he said, “is about the worst thing you can say about a detective.”
He shoved a notebook across the desk toward Case who picked it up and devoured line after line of the detective’s scrawled notes.
Enemies? Lawsuits? Did attacker know her? How did he know she was a doctor? No GAL-MD vanity plate, no hospital parking sticker. No stethoscope or lab coat in the car. Did he know her?
The notes filled a dozen pages. Case grimaced when he got to the part about possible marital problems and a hired spousal hit. Scores had eliminated that one with a bold red strikethrough. Scores had done his homework and was doing everything Case could have hoped.
“I’m sorry,” Case said.
“That’s ok, you’re grieving and angry. My instinct tells me this guy’s a psycho, but I’m going to check out everything I can. Sometimes family wants to make more of it – it’s hard to accept a pointless crime. To put it real blunt, there may not be anything to solve, except the why inside the guy’s twisted brain. He’ll be going to State for evaluation. Then, who knows?”
“I want to talk to him. I have privileges there.”
“No, you don’t. I’m pulling them.”
“You don’t have the authority to do that. I’m a medical doctor with full rights there.”
“Look, Terhune. If I can make a face-to-face happen for you later, I will. Right now, I have to protect and serve and all that.”
“Do you really think I’d do something rash?”
“What, like kill him?” Scores asked.
Case nodded.
“Probably not. Frankly, I wouldn’t blame you if you did murder the freak. But that’s me talking. Not the badge. We have to let the system do its thing. I’ll see what I can do after the disposition.”
Case thanked Detective Scores for his time and turned to leave, feeling a little abashed.
“Hey, man, have you eaten?” Scores asked him.
Case halted. He turned and looked at the Detective. He had just insulted the man and he was asking him to lunch. Case felt simultaneously irritated and heartened by the cop’s kindness. How could Scores possibly think, he wanted to go to lunch? “No thanks,” he said.
“Come on,” Scores said, rising from his chair. “I only had some stale coffee and the insides of a tuna fish sandwich for lunch. This girl I’m seeing’s trying to get me to do the Atkins diet. It’s about to kill me. I need some carbohydrates.”
Case didn’t go eat with Scores that day, but the offer touched his frozen, angry heart.





CHAPTER 16
WALTER PECK


There was no trial, despite Detective Scores’ bulldog efforts to hold Walter Peck criminally responsible. Found not guilty by reason of insanity, Lily’s killer was tucked away at a state facility where he would be tamed by anti-psychotics and punished by bad food and yoga therapy.
Scores pulled up to the stylish Beacon Hill brownstone. A real estate company’s for sale sign was affixed to the garage door. Scores rang the bell. Case had been athletically lean when Scores last saw him, but a thinner man opened the door.
“Still wanna talk to him?”
“Does the Pope own a skirt?”
“Well, I have a badge for you.”
It was Case’s badge, the one Scores had confiscated from him during the investigation. Apparently, Scores really did have the authority to block Case’s privileges to the facility. It was three months to the day of Lily’s murder, that Scores had finally granted Case’s request to visit Peck.
Case reached for it and Scores held it away. “What’s the deal, Scores?”
“There’s one condition. I’m coming with you.”
“That’s my badge.”
“True. But possession is nine-tenths of the law – in this particular instance ten-tenths. I’ll drive you.”
“Scores, I hope you mean well, but I don’t need a driver.”
“Terhune, you look like Dorian Gray near the end of the movie. I’m coming with you.”
 “It wasn’t just a movie, you know,” Case said.
“I know that. First, it was a Classic Illustrated comic.”
 Case broke a slight smile, which Scores returned. Case figured it was the first time Scores had seen him smile. Case felt he hadn’t moved his mouth in that once familiar motion for ages. “Do we have to take a police car?”
Scores pointed down the curb to the double-parked Dodge Charger. “I’m a detective, not a patrol cop. It’s unmarked.”
Case lowered himself reluctantly into the passenger seat. The car was littered with fast food wrappers. In the center console, coins lay trapped in cola spills like bugs in amber and overlapping tree-shaped air fresheners swung from the rear view mirror. The interior smelled like a pine-scented taco.
“How you been?” Scores asked.
“Not great,” Case said.
“I’ve been wondering about you. You know since the investigation went nowhere. You never returned my calls after the disposition.”
It occurred to Case that he had rebuffed the man and most likely hurt his feelings. Scores meant well, but he couldn’t be consoled by Scores’ ham-fisted efforts, because he was inconsolable. “I won’t hurt him, you know.”
“No. But if you act out in there, I want to know about it. You don’t want to lose your medical license.”
“I won’t. But a medical license doesn’t mean much to me right now.”
“What you living on?”
“Family trust.”
“Jeez, wish I had one of those. Just for a little while to see what it feels like. What about your patients?”
“A colleague is seeing them.”
Scores braked hard behind a taxi, which made Case grab the dashboard. Scores nodded. “Hey that’s a good sign, man. Your survival instinct is still working. Don’t you think it would be healthier to work? What do you do all day? Dwell?”
“I’ve just been trying to decide what I want to do with myself. The salt has lost its flavor.”
“What?”
“It’s Biblical,” Case said distractedly, staring out the window. It was a gray day and he felt also, very gray. Flat.
“Oh. You doing the religion thing?”
“No. How were you raised, Scores?”
“Badly. Oh, you mean religion-wise? We were Catholic.”
“So was I – but I’m fallen away.”
“Me too. Guess you’d say I’ve fallen away and landed hard.”
“Do you believe in God?”
“I guess. Maybe. I don’t spend a lot of time thinking about it,” Scores said. “How about you?”
“No.”
Scores stopped at the main doors of the facility. “I’ll be parked over there in the OUTSTANDING EMPLOYEE OF THE MONTH space. It’s always empty. Take your time. I got a Tom Clancy Playaway.”
Case entered the common room recognizing Peck from photos sitting alone toward the back in a more private alcove used for family visits. The laminated table was empty except for a V-8 juice box with a bendable straw. Peck was thirtyish, of blocky, powerful build. He wore a grimy, lime green polo shirt and black sweat pants with silver piping paled by institutional washings.
The face was fleshy with an aquiline nose and a full, almost feminine mouth that vaguely resembled the overblown lips of women with too much money to spend on collagen. He was neither ugly nor handsome, but unremarkably ordinary except for what Case knew him to be. Peck did not look up as Case approached, keeping his eyes downward as if searching for meaning in the myriad scratches to the Formica tabletop.
Case sat down. “I’m Dr. Case Terhune.”
Case heard a clunk against the table and he realized the man was handcuffed to a belly chain so the range of his hands was limited. A D-ring attached the chain to his legs.
Peck blinked then smiled beatifically, still looking down. Case noticed clinically that Peck had thick, pretty fringed eyelashes. They reminded him of the blunt cut, nylon lashes on a doll. This observation was a technique he had learned through clinical supervision of truly deranged human beings. Monitor. Be a camera with the shutter open and unfeeling.
Case inhaled through his nostrils and then exhaled in one smooth breath through his mouth. “Walter Peck, do you know who I am?”
The man didn’t respond or make any indication he had heard Case.
“You killed my wife,” Case informed Peck in a level, mechanical voice.
Peck’s smile widened.
Case sat there for a full minute, waiting for any other indication from the man across from him. Peck’s downcast, doll lashes barely fluttered, nor did his wide smile waver. Case fidgeted. “Peck?” he asked.
“I don’t suppose you’ve come to thank me,” Peck said. 
Case felt his pulse jump in his neck. He blinked. “What was that?” 
“I’ve known grateful spouses in situations such as these.”
“Are you ready to talk now? I’d like to talk to you.”
Peck smiled on, but he didn’t respond.
“What would you like to talk about, then?” Case said with emphasis on the you.
Peck’s wide, rubbery mouth turned down. “The big picture,” Peck said.
Case nodded. “What about the big picture?”
Peck chuckled. “The fact that there really isn’t one. Not for you mortals, anyway.”
Case struggled to keep his voice steady. “Is that your take on the world? There’s no point to anything? Is that why you killed my wife?”
Peck raked in his fleshy lower lip with his teeth, releasing it with a sucking sound. “Isn’t that your take on life, Terhune?”
It wasn’t my take on life, until you killed her, Case thought. “No,” he said.
The man’s tone was glib, cultured. Not what Case expected from a man who had repeatedly failed the GED – a man who, according to Scores, wouldn’t have made it as a price checker in the Everything’s a Dollar store.
“What do you remember about that day?” Case asked.
Peck shrugged. “She provided me with a tasty snack, akin to the fleeting pleasures of Chinese food. No sooner consumed then the hunger returns. A bit of fun.”
Case’s whole body began to quake. His arms, legs, even his head, betrayed his rage despite his effort to still them. So much, he thought, for my dispassionate, professional approach. It was the first time in his life that Case had felt true hate. He found it consuming, like a dark side counterpart to his love for Lily and strangely pure. A primeval part of his brain switched on, a part devoid of higher reason. He imagined himself ripping the man apart, first limbs, then head, leaving only a flesh rectangle, then crawling away sated and lizard-like to sun on a rock.
With great effort, Case reined in his physical anger. “Did you know her before?” he asked, a newly acquired tic pulsing under his left eye.
“Not in the Biblical sense, no. Ours was a more spiritual bond.”
“You knew she was a doctor?”
“Did I?” At last, Peck raised his eyes. 
Case met the man’s gaze and his first impression was of a vast and agile intellect. His second thought was that of a deep and ancient anger that easily surfaced despite the huge cocktail of anti-psychotic drugs pumped into the man each day. There was something in the eyes. Something swirled there. Or pulsed. Probably the meds, but Case had not seen this particular effect before.
“Why her?” Case asked.
“She smelled good,” Peck replied, lifting his head as if catching a scent.
“She was good,” Case said, not knowing exactly why he responded with this non sequitur.
Peck twisted his head and neck in a circular motion as if working out a kink. “Maybe,” Peck said. “But it didn’t keep her out of Hell.”
“I don’t believe in Hell,” Case said.
“Oh, you secular humanist devil, you,” Peck said with an impish grin. “You will believe. Soon enough. But as for Lily, not even a priest can save her now. Even though you’ll try, try try.”
“I’m not a priest. I’m a doctor.”
“Que Sera Sera. Then my advice to you, as to your lovely Miss Lily is …physician heal thyself…”
Case fisted the table and the V-8 box jumped. “Who’s in you?” Case asked, the question coming from nowhere and surprising even him.
Peck’s demeanor changed on every level. The presence in his eyes was gone instantly. It was replaced by a doped, unfocused stare. An attendant approached at the sound.
“Roy,” he said, slurry voiced. “Roy. Take me back to my room. He can’t make me stay here, can he Roy?” A small line of drool appeared in a corner of his mouth. Peck began to rock the table, straining against his leg chains and wailing.
Case bolted for the exit not bothering to sign the check-out log. The loudspeaker announced a 2:00 o’clock Wellness and Recovery class. He wondered if anyone ever graduated.



CHAPTER 17
OCCASION OF GRACIE


In the weeks after Case visited Peck, Scores hounded Case like a 12 Step sponsor, calling him at all hours, dropping by with pizza and cop movies fished from the Wal-Mart five dollar basket. The man showed real concern for him. For some reason Case didn’t understand, Scores seemed to like him. And grudgingly and having no idea why, Case began to like him. The two were worlds apart in lifestyle, culture and education. They had nothing in common except that Scores had shared the worst day in Case’s life with him. From a psychiatric perspective it was clearly a situational friendship and he had been trained to view situational friendships with caution. They seldom lasted.
But one chill Saturday, despite his protests, Case found himself at Denny’s watching Scores audition for a coronary with a short stack and sausages of two different shapes. Would Lily have liked him? He could almost imagine her kindly amusement at the two men sitting there in Denny’s. Yes, Case decided, she would have liked Scores for the same poorly defined reason he liked him.
“You trying to make it as a runway model?” Scores asked pointing at Case’s grapefruit half and uneaten toast. “Want me to have that cut into toast points– my girlfriend said it’s more appetizing that way.”
“You have a girlfriend who makes toast points for you, Scores?”
“Nah, just that one time. I’d been shot. She’s not a current girlfriend, actually.”
“How long have you been divorced, Scores?”
“Never been married.”
Case was surprised at this, having stereotyped the detective lifestyle to include divorce and overdue child support.“How come?”
“I dunno. Just hasn’t happened.”
“Are you seeing anyone now?”
“Oh, sure. I’m always seeing someone. A motorcycle cop right now. Real sweet girl. We have fun.”
“Ever loved any of them?”
Scores angled a wedge of pancake into his mouth. “I’ve pretty much loved all of them. Truth is, I’ve proposed a few times and been turned down. I don’t think I’m great marriage material. I don’t have a house, don’t have much money. I sure don’t have your movie star looks. I work 60 hours a week, a lot of that at night.”
“No trouble getting dates though?”
Scores shrugged. “Nothing a Surf and Turf and a bottle of cold duck can’t fix. Women like me ok, they just don’t want to settle down with me. You’re a lucky guy to have been so happy with Lily. Maybe that can happen for you again.”
“It won’t.”
Scores, picked the half cherry garnish from Case’s grapefruit and popped it in his mouth. “Waitress likes you,” Scores said, using his head as a pointer.
“Really? How can you tell?”
“Because when she took your order she patted her hair. Then when she filled your coffee, she stared at you the whole time and smiled when you said thank you like you’d just given her a hundred dollar bill as a tip. It’s a body language thing.”
Case smiled.
The Saturdays at Denny’s became a tradition of sorts, one that served both sides of an unlikely friendship.
Other than Scores and Gracie the Chihuahua, Case existed in almost total isolation. He had searched for Gracie’s adoption papers hoping she wasn’t as old as he knew her to be. She was, however, and the mild cough she had developed quickly worsened into terminal congestive heart failure. When she died at the advanced dog age of sixteen, Case was stricken beyond any expectation. He picked up her ashes and drove to the secluded private cemetery in use by Lily’s family since the 1880s. He took the garden spade he had purchased at Home Depot, dug down a ways beside Lily’s marker and deposited half of Gracie’s remains beside the marker. The other half he kept for himself. A black granite monument already bore both Lily’s name and his own. There was no doubt about where he would be buried whether sooner or later.
Case had sobbed like a child at losing this mortal link to Lily. When he could cry no more, he gave himself a psychiatric evaluation. The day Lily died, he had been an atheist blurring a bit toward the agnostic, believing in the power of the human experience as the only spirituality he needed. Life, sweet as it was, would be in Shakespearean terms rounded by a sleep, a thought that saddened Case, but not one he viewed as incorrect.
How was it that Case, a scientist, had lifted a Dixie cup in an awkward baptismal ritual over his dead wife’s corpse or that he had placed a dog’s ashes in a grave in some superstitious attempt to comfort himself, or perhaps to comfort Lily?
Case was a mostly logical man. He knew there were no atheists in foxholes, and understood the effect from a rational, scientific perspective. Was he losing his mind? Was he resorting to magical thinking to survive his own pain? He had finally decided upon a formal diagnosis. Profound Grief Disorder.
His professional explanation: the senselessly violent death of his beloved wife had forced his mind to revert to a state that sought comfort in the superstitious rituals of his childhood. Particularly those of a religious nature. Yes, surely this explained the lay baptism. Surely it explained the symbiosis of adding Gracie’s sweet ashes near the body of his Lily – that at some level, Lily would know of Case’s gesture and would be grateful to be close to their beloved dog, even if at an organic level that would someday allow Lily’s remains to merge with Gracie’s. And why, perhaps, Case imagined his own body laid to rest beside her under their shared headstone. Perhaps, in the fullness of time, they would be united biologically once the embalming fluid allowed the cells to liquefy, the earth to reclaim them and blend their molecules into something new.
But this organic back-to-the-earth explanation, brought him no real comfort. He wanted more. It was the fanciful notion that Lily knew, or was aware of his actions, that allowed him to sleep that night. And this notion went far beyond reunion on a molecular level, of energy never dying, and so on. The only thing that brought him peace was the magical thought that Lily was still Lily at some point in time, in some dimension, on some, unseen plane. And, Case the humanist, existentialist thought, that simply is not possible.
Case’s medical self-prognosis: With time, he would put aside his delusions and would come to some kind of terms with the finality of death. He would come to terms with human goodbyes being forever.
“She lives in your memory,” his well-meaning friends had said at the funeral.
“Yes,” he had replied with an angry shake of his head. “She’ll live on for as long as I have memory, until my mind goes through death or infirmity.”
“Celebrate her life,” was another favorite line of comfort. And Case had tried. For a while, he had made keeping Lily’s memory alive a zealot’s cause. He organized photos of everything Lily, late into the nights. He filled journals in his cramped script with things Lily had said, foods she liked, childhood memories she had shared with him.
Who would render this service to him? He wondered late one evening. It wasn’t because he cared so much what would become of his memory, but because he realized that he was the not-so-eternal flame of Lily’s life. Case began to wish he and Lily had children. Then the wish became an ache. A child would have lengthened that remembering.
His mind wandered back to a conversation he had with Lily perhaps a year before her death. She had returned from seeing a friend’s newborn. After chatting about its cuteness and the obvious amount of work involved in caring for a baby, she had grown pensive. “I didn’t hold it,” she said. “I just kissed its little foot.”
“Want one?” Case asked.
“I don’t know. I mean, eventually.”
“What if we’re not a good nick, as they say in horse breeding circles? What if the kid looks like Lon Chaney?”
“That would be a heavy burden for a girl,” she said.
“Well, you know how I feel about that decision. It’s yours.”
“Sure, I appreciate that. But do you want a child?”
“When you’re ready, I’m ready,” Case had said.
Case looked at his hands. Now, he would gladly lop off a few fingers to change that response into a simple ‘yes.’ Psychiatry 101, he thought. She obviously wanted me to want a child and I hadn’t seen it or hadn’t really wanted to see it.
Now watching a Duraflame log sparking in the fireplace, his hand remembering how it felt to reach beside him and find hers, Case confronted the eternal. He thought of the joy a child would have given Lily. And a child would have lengthened the remembering of Lily and of himself. But just for a little while because eventually that beloved child would someday have been forgotten by living memory and lost to a cold universe too.
 He thought of his paternal grandmother, Nellie, who had lived until he was twelve. She had loved her grandson fiercely and he had adored her. Her farm was a magical place. Case, the city child, loved collecting the fresh eggs that appeared each morning just in time for breakfast, walking the paddock fence backwards and the thrill of overturning a rock and finding a snake. Everything about it enthralled him.
But now, the memories were mere snapshots. Nellie lived on the farm, long after her husband died. Her neighbor was a sheep rancher, named Charley Cotton. Charley was a snapshot now too in Case’s mind. He remembered gray hair, short whiskers and a plaid flannel shirt. Mostly, he remembered the tight herds of sheep with their button eyes; like giant stuffed animals crowding through a narrow gate to get to dinner. Later, he had learned that Charley Cotton had been his grandmother’s lover, an attachment that lasted many years and horrified her strait-laced family.
He remembered Nellie’s upswept battleship gray hair and her chicken and dumplings that tasted great but contained an occasional small pinfeather. She made a dessert with multi colored Jell-O squares and whipped cream that was the best ever.
Case wondered what kind of continued existence his fragmented memories lent her? She had been so very much more than his childhood memories afforded her. Were the dead really alive in our memories? No, Case concluded as he stared into the fire. Not so much and certainly not for long.
True, he bore some of Nellie’s genes, but God only knew which ones. Case recalled his dismay when he learned in a freshman genetics class that the mix of our DNA does not necessarily contain genes from all our ancestors. Go back enough great greats and the family tree is full of genetic breaks. Our family tree might trace back to a medieval king but that doesn’t mean we share any of his genes. With enough time individual human genes are lost in the DNA shuffle. When his sister died, he had been comforted by the thought that her genes would carry on so long as the Terhune line continued. That hope had been dashed by an undergraduate science class. Not only was his sister lost, her genetic traits would eventually vanish from the human gene pool. The existentialist angst this had caused him returned with lethal force with Lily gone. Now with everyone he had ever loved in the grave, the whole impermanence thing descended on him like a clinging shroud.

*

He tried to talk to Scores about it, explaining to his friend how the winking out of each consciousness upon death tormented him. “Don’t you get it, Scores? The universe really does die with every man.”
“No, it doesn’t,” Scores said. “The sun will come up without us.”
“No. That’s not my point. There’s nothing connecting anything. Everything can’t be so…unmoored as this? We only have this little window and when it closes, that’s it? All life is just a bunch of little unconnected glimpses of the universe?”
“There’s that ‘life is all connected’ new age thing,” Scores offered.
“But not in a conscious way. I’m talking about continuity, about memory, about awareness of self and those we’ve loved.”
“Look, Case. I’m not unaware of the sadness of life. Processing tragedy is what I do for a living. I just try not to dwell on it.”
Case persisted. “Think about a man who dies and people forget him a little at a time until all that anyone remembers about him is some trivial thing like his love for chopped olive sandwiches. In the end, that’s all that’s left of him. Then that goes too and there’s no one on earth who remembers him at all. Can you tell me that gives any real meaning to anything? Are you really telling me that living on in another’s mortal memory is anything more than fleeting?”
“What’s the fix for it?” he asked, looking at Case with a critical eye. “God?”
Case shook his head. “I just can’t go there. Too many loose ends.”
“Maybe it’s not an intellectual thing. Maybe you just have to say, this is bigger than me. When I was at the community college, I took religion to get six hours for my Associate’s. There was a philosopher called Pascal and he made a wager that he would believe in God because if he wagered against God then he had lost already. The only chance of a win is belief.”
“I am very familiar with Blaise Pascal,” Case said.
“Well, I’m sorry, Your Majesty. It was a mind job for me but I guess it was pretty elementary in your estimation.”
Case smiled and gave Scores a royal wave across the table that Scores returned with his middle finger.
“We got into other things,” Scores continued. “The Prime Mover, Watchmaker thing too. But the instructor said physicists claim the universe could have started from absolutely nothing. I’m not in a position to argue with them – since I had to be tutored to pass remedial Algebra but…I don’t know, I tend to think somebody turned on the light switch.”
Case sighed heavily. “I don’t know about the light switch, but I’m not convinced about that something from nothing theory either. You’ve got a select group of like-minded people checking each other’s math.”
At least Scores listens to me, Case thought, sadness suffusing his every cell. And along with that sadness came a desperate longing for permanence. Born to a Roman Catholic mother and a Southern Baptist father who converted to Catholicism, he had been raised a Catholic, had even been an altar boy. But he didn’t recall a single deep spiritual conversation that had occurred with either of his parents. Church was just something they did on Sunday. Big lunch afterwards. A pleasant memory.
 He and Lily had not attended church. She was raised by non-religious, humanist parents –good people who had produced a good child. Lily herself had not been irreligious, just busy. They had talked about these issues several times in their lives together. Both considered themselves agnostics, did not believe a personal afterlife was likely and agreed that for them living in the present was all they could be sure of, that and their love for one another. And it had seemed enough.
The two sets of parents had become friends while their children fell in love. When Case and Lily married in their last year of undergraduate school, their parents flew to the wedding on the same turboprop and simply never arrived. The aircraft had crashed on takeoff, making a quick arc to the ground. Utter devastation. Both orphaned by their nuptials, Case and Lily started their marriage with a devastating loss. But they were young and had each other. Joy returned to them but it was tempered by loss and deep gratitude for one another. For Case, his sister and his parents had been a survivable loss. Losing Lily almost wasn’t.
Then one day he just knew. He accepted that no human grief could redeem the dead or give them lasting meaning. His longing for permanency overwhelmed him. And he knew there was only one fix for it. He began to pray.
It happened awkwardly at first. Almost by rote. The prayers of his childhood spilled from him, the words of some Gospel songs thrown in for good measure. Despite how clumsy his efforts at prayer were in a mixed bag of Glory Be’s and Elvis lyrics, they were heartfelt.
Case read the Old Testament, then moved on the Apocrypha, then the four gospels, He read Acts and the letters of Paul. He read every word of the New Testament. Many of the gospel accounts were familiar to him from childhood and literature. But now he really read them, every word. It was a story he thought he knew, but really didn’t. Once he had dismissed the resurrection as myth, deliberate aggrandizement or delusions on the part of Christ’s grieving followers. Now as he studied the Gospel accounts of the apostles going from hiding after Christ’s death to fearlessly spreading his words to the point of their own martyrdom he knew they had been transformed. The followers of Christ were witness to his miracles, to his sacrifice and to his resurrection. Could the story be transformative to me? Case wondered.
At 3 a.m. one winter morning as the hall clock chimed that hour of loss, Case turned over the safekeeping of his wife to God. He could not keep Lily alive, could not keep her significant beyond his own puny memory – she would abide in God or not at all. Through a grace he did not believe he deserved, he was granted faith. It came to him unexpectedly in a burst of joy that later he could not quite recreate or describe to others. When Case lay back on the bed he had once shared with Lily, peace was in his heart. Lily was lost for a while but not forever. There would be reunion. He prayed for Lily’s safe passage and he surrendered to a power he would never see with earthly eyes. Case knew it was God in whom we live and move and have our being, but he believed it was the incarnation of Christ that cast a lifeline to him that night.
His grief wasn’t healed or even lessened but he no longer lived in total despair. Small pleasures returned to him. He regained his sense of humor.
Six months into this post-Lily life he gave away all her clothes, keeping only the wedding rings they had exchanged. He put away the photo albums and the journals knowing he would not find her again or preserve her there. He kissed the photo beside his bed and held it to his chest so it would dwell in his mind’s eye and in his heart, then that too he packed away. And he believed his new found faith demanded more of him. A flurry of arrangements followed.
And his path would not remain a secular one.



CHAPTER 18
THAT OTHER ROME


Case met Scores at Denny’s just like any other Saturday. Scores gave him a big grin. “You look great. Maybe there’s something to those five stages of grief. Or are there seven?”
Case smiled at him warmly. “I’ve sold the house,” he said.
“Oh. Okay.”
“I’m moving out of town.”
Scores winced. “Where to?”
“Rome.”
“Upstate New York? Jeez, could you get any farther away?”
“Yes, I could. Italy.”
Scores dropped his fork. “You’re kidding?”
“No,” Case said.
“Why?”
“I’m entering a seminary.”
“Oh, Case.” Scores said. “That is crazy talk. I mean, I know you’ve been getting a little evangelical on me, but come on. How do you go from fallen away to fallen overboard?”
“It’s what I want for the rest of my life.”
“How do you know that? What’s God telling you to do?”
Case laughed. “I’m not sure. I have to finish the Ark first.”
Scores didn’t laugh.
“Like Noah’s Ark,” Case said, straight faced. “I have to finish building the Ark –”
“I get it, dumbass,” Scores said. He pushed his coffee mug aside unsmiling. “Let me tell you what’s gonna happen to you, Case. About two years in, you’re going get to that stage seven or eight grieving stage and look around and say, ‘What the Hell was I thinking?’ Those religious delusions are gonna subside. You’ll be going to the market and maybe that cute little Safeway checker is gonna flirt with you and all the cold showers and self-abuse in the world just won’t get her off your mind.”
Case started laughing. “I’ll be okay, Scores.”
“Just wait another year, Case. What’s another year?”
“I’ve already been accepted.”
Scores was kneading his forehead. “Why Rome? I knew a kid in school who went to seminary. He got sent to Dubuque. How did you get Rome? Is it because you’re rich? Did you pay a bribe?”
“I have some credentials that interested them,” Case said, wiping the corner of his eye.
“Oh, yeah, the Harvard thing.”
“I want to stay in touch with you. Really.”
“Yeah, sure. We can Skype. And send each other selfies.”
“Scores, if it weren’t for you, I might not be well enough to make this questionable decision in the first place.”
“Thanks, buddy. That’s a real compliment.”
“Do you want any of my furniture?” Case asked.
“You mean all that steely stuff and chairs that hurt to sit in? No. It’s way too good for me and way too uncomfortable. You could give it to the poor, but they have enough problems.”
“If I find a double recliner with cup holders in a back room, I’ll save it for you.
“Jeez, Case. Next time I see you, you’ll probably be chanting and wearing a rope belt.”
“Don’t forget the tonsure,” Case said.
The men parted with a brief awkward hug that left them both fingering away tears.

*

The priest journey was no easy task, but he was a man with no distractions. Raised Catholic, Latin fluent and highly educated, he was ordained a Roman Catholic priest in just under three years. In the ritual of the mass he could reconnect with God every day. True he had a few reservations about church dogma but those paled and simply didn’t matter from the peace he received from his new faith and from celebrating mass.
After ordination, Case returned briefly to San Francisco, to the diocesan office and for a while the men resumed their breakfasts at Denny’s. All too soon, Case announced he was leaving for a parish in rural Oklahoma.
Scores was immediately inquisitive about his assignment. “All that fancy Vatican education and they send you to Oklahoma? Sounds like a punishment. You didn’t break your vows already did you?”
“No, I have not. Of course, I’ve been surrounded by old priests and not attractive supermarket checkers. Wish me Godspeed, Scores.”
“Godspeed, Case. Or…or whatever.”

How art thou fallen from Heaven Oh, Lucifer who didst rise in the morning. How art thou fallen to the earth? Isaiah 14:12


CHAPTER 19
PRINCE OF HEARKEN
PRESENT DAY


He had been walking the earth, going to and fro as the Bible says. The only problem: he was on a very short chain.
Getting here had been a blind man’s bluff of searching the walls of Hell to find an opening. These soft spots were out there, vortexes formed by a juxtaposition of favorable physics and evil fed by sin. Everything had to line up just right to find one though. Would locating a rift into Paris or London really have spoiled the cosmic order? Apparently so, since the sweet spot for which the Devil had been searching for so long opened onto a bleb of a town called Hearken.
True, even a banal day in Hearken was more entertaining than a holiday in Hell. His companions were no solace, the fallen angels reduced to finishing each other’s sentences and fighting over credit for the same sins. That was the Nazarene’s fault, of course, interceding as he had for the snack food called the human soul. Then there was the matter of being bound, the Devil thought, completely misunderstood by humanity, but limiting nonetheless. He had after all never been tied up, just confined to that shadow land called Hell. Possession had always given him a window on the world and he was a powerful being even when reduced to subverting humans from afar.
And despite his initial disappointment at the prosaic town, he had found some very nutritious sins there. He’d had a few good meals in Hearken and it was here he had begun to hone the skill that would bring him equal to his adversary. He had revisited it at will for decades, all the while searching for another opening, another way out.
To actually walk the earth again magnified him greatly. Every day in every way, I’m gaining on the Nazarene, he thought. I too enter the hearts of men. I too win converts. But there was that one power he had not shared until now. Only the Nazarene could raise the dead and to the Devil the advantage was all about resurrections.
His failures had been many, but he had time on his hands. He recalled the thrill he felt when he first breathed life back into a dead mayfly, the significance, the magnitude of that one-day wonder’s second day on earth known only to him. He’d moved on to beetles, then an assortment of animals. But now he had mastered the more complex structures of man. The art of resurrection was his now too. He would draw sustenance from subverting the living, burst free from Hearken and assemble an army of the dead.



CHAPTER 20
MANIFESTATION


Case was there when Wasie’s bequest to the Church was formally announced. It was an ungodly amount of money and Case smiled at the thought of the red tape and the attorneys it would spawn. The church netted some 15 million dollars from Wasie’s non-mineral estate, with the only requirement being that its use benefit St. Bartholomew’s and the residents of Hearken, all at the discretion of the Bishop.
A seemingly endless number of planning meetings followed. There was one at the church hall, one at the bank, one at City Hall and one at the Chamber of Commerce and one at the weekly Garden Club meeting. Then there were the dinners at the Goddard Ranch. At every function, Sophia was lovely, charming and accommodating. Case attended them all in the service of Rome. Somehow Case always found himself seated to her right at any table. Her right hand man? He thought. Her disciple? Despite his misgivings about his hazy role, Case found himself looking forward to these events. And more often than not, he and Sophia were early arrivals or late stayers, sitting over coffee until they were talked out. Sophia both charmed and disturbed him. Her personal kindness was punctuated with little jibes about religion and what she saw as its link to gullibility and weakness.
Although she had lost a mother and a grandmother in three short years, it had not moved her to any reawakening of the family faith. If anything, Case speculated, she seemed concerned that he might try to convert her–an abomination in her world view.
One day as they sat talking in the back room of the Comfort Café after a Chamber of Commerce meeting broke up, Case noticed Sophia looked thinner. “Have you lost weight?”
“Just a bit.”
“You didn’t have any to spare. How about a pecan waffle, hash browns and sausage two ways...”
“No thanks. Besides rats deprived of food live longer than those who are overfed.”
“Point taken. But are they enjoying themselves?”
“I agree with the Duchess of Windsor. You can never be too rich or too thin.”
Case thought of the volunteer stint he and Lily had done during a Saharan famine. “Oh, I don’t know,” he said. “Underweight isn’t a fashion statement in the undeveloped nations.”
Sophia blinked. “I make my charitable contributions, then I try not to burden myself further. Didn’t your own guy say the poor would be always with us?”
Case sighed. “As a Professor of Religious Studies, you must know the context of that comment.”
Her eyes flashed. There was that swirl again. Then her face softened. “Oh, I suppose I do,” she said. “I know the Gospel account, of course. I’m not sure he said it at all. His words have been so distorted. From a historical perspective there’s almost nothing contemporary except the Josephus reference. Some scholars don’t think he even lived.”
“Of course he lived,” Case said, his tone both dismissive and sharp.
“Oh, did I strike a nerve? I actually think he probably was a real person,” Sophia said. “But I could play the Devil’s advocate and we could debate it sometime.”
Case smiled, mindful of his inflexibility in this area and remembering his mission. “Okay. But let me warn you, I won the Logic Bowl in eighth grade. But changing the subject, did you mother ever tell you why she never came back to the ranch to visit?”
“She told me it depressed her to be there.”
“But her mother was there.”
“Wasie came to see us in the city.”
She had told him little of the family dynamic that had led to her mother, Effie leaving home, family and church and never returning. “Where’s your father?” he asked.
When she replied, her tone was terse. “Dead, I suspect, since he was something of a hard-living wastrel. But he didn’t raise me.”
Case knew better than to offer sympathies much less prayers for a father who might or might not be deceased. Nevertheless, he ventured one more comment. “You don’t use his name.”
“No. My mother never took it and the marriage was brief.”
Case entertained the thought that Sophia had lacked a father figure in her young life. No father, no brothers. No strong, male relationships as a child. But every time he thought he had her psychologically profiled, she threw him a curve ball.
A turnabout is fair play look crossed Sophia’s face. “Now, what about your family?”
“I had a sister who died young. I lost my parents in an airplane crash a long time ago. My wife died four years ago.”
“Tragic. So you gave up everything and became a priest?”
“I didn’t give up anything I hadn’t already lost.”
“I heard from Glenda at the Beauty Box that you’re filthy rich. Of course, she may be basing that on the tips you leave at the Comfort Cafe.”
“I’d avoid her perms. I saw a customer leave her shop the other day looking like a poodle.”
Sophia laughed. “I only let her fill my nails in a pinch. But are you?”
“Am I what?”
“Rich. What about that vow of poverty?”
“There isn’t one–not unless you belong to an order that has one, like the Jesuits or the Cistercians. Most priests don’t take any such vow but are generally expected to live simply. My personal belongings fit in a small closet, which is exactly how I want it. I was educated by Jesuits but I’m not ordained into that order or any order that requires a vow of poverty. I have some resources and I try to do some good with them.”
Sophia pushed a lock of hair away from her face and Case noticed the tremor in her hand. “Are you sure you’re well? Maybe you should see a doctor.”
She pulled her hands below table level. “I have actually. Last week. Full workup—even neurological, MRI, PET. I’m fine.”
She must have been worried to have had all those tests run, Case thought. “What do you think it is then?”
“I think I’m just a little overwhelmed.”
“By what?”
She gave a little shiver. “Actually, Case, the house is getting to me.”
“The house?”
“It’s just depressing.”
“You could redecorate.”
She laughed. “That would require a torch. There’s so much that’s past and old there. It’s like a huge pointless factory. All that work, all that staff all in the middle of nowhere, working dawn to dusk, like Nietzsche’s eternal recurrence of the same. I’m leaning toward an auction of the whole property, but the appraisal is still pending. And I still don’t know what to do about that roundhouse. Anyway, I’ll be out of here soon. About the only thing I’ll miss about Hearken is our chats.”



CHAPTER 21
INFESTATION


Mrs. Glascow handed him the small ivory envelope and waited. Case didn’t want to disappoint her so he opened it, revealing a matching invitation card. He read the elegant script then nodded. Case had told Sophia he would like to tour the ranch and she had followed up quickly. Mrs. Glascow was waiting. “It’s from Sophia Goddard. She’s giving a tour of the ranch and she’s invited me.”
Mrs. Glascow sniffed disapprovingly. Case suspected that Sophia, never seen in Hearken until her grandmother lay dying, was viewed as something of an interloper by the locals. “Well, you’d best wear jeans. Do you have boots?”
“Not the cowboy kind. But I have some Chelsea boots.”
“I have no idea what those are, but if the water moccasins can’t bite through them, I guess they’ll do.”
Mrs. Glascow paused in the doorway. “Should I put out dinner for you?”
“Oh, don’t bother. I don’t know what time I’ll be back.”
Her mouth formed a thin line. “Well, there’s roast beef for sandwiches and fresh potato salad if you need anything.”

*

Case arrived at the Goddard Ranch with boots on. Sophia swung open the grand front door and ushered him in. She was wearing tight black jeans and a collared camp shirt. “Pre-born again clothing?” she asked, eyeing his designer jeans and Italian fit chambray shirt.
“Yes.”
“Very nice look for you.”
“Thank you. Where’s the rest of the tour group?”
“You’re it,” she said.
“Well, then let’s get started,” he said, holding the door for her.
They walked leisurely past the barn and through a large meadow where horses grazed peacefully. “We’ll walk the fence lines. It will give you an idea of how big a 640 is.” They stopped at intervals when Sophia wanted to show him something. “This is a salt pond,” she said drily, pointing to a small pool of water rimmed in white deposits. It’s leftovers from drilling activity.”
Nearby a pumper that looked like an iron grasshopper sucked resolutely at the ground. “Does it produce?” Case asked.
“Mostly carcinogens, I think, but it must eke out a barrel of petroleum now and then or surely they would have turned it off.”
They approached one of the large farm ponds. “They’re stocked with bass, if you like to fish,” she said. “Or do you fancy yourself a fisher of men?”
Case didn’t respond to her comment but picked up a flat rock and skipped it across the surface. He was good at it, having perfected the technique at his grandmother’s farm one summer.
“Impressive,” she said. “Did you learn that in seminary?”
“No. Our largest body of water was the baptismal font. I spent some time on a farm when I was a kid.” Case stepped closer to the shoreline. A smell of decay assailed him.
Sophia wrinkled her nose. “Eau de Hearken,” she observed, pointing toward a bloated armadillo lying near the water’s edge, legs pointed skyward.
As they stepped back from the miasma, Case saw wriggling lines in the water moving their way from the center of the pond. He gestured at the binoculars Sophia had brought along and she took them from around her neck and swung them over to him. He focused on the lines until they took shape, forming upright question marks in the water. He staggered backward. “Snakes walking on water,” he said tersely, taking Sophia’s arm and backing her away from the pond.
Reaching the edge, the snakes became horizontal again, slapping full length onto the narrow muddy shoreline and undulating at their feet. The snakes had no heads. He and Sophia broke into a run. She was laughing by the time the fence line stopped them. “Water moccasins,” Sophia announced breathlessly. “Water moccasins with no heads.”
Although Sophia seemed unperturbed by the incident, Case was unnerved by it. “How could they rise up in the water like that?”
Sophia shrugged. “I don’t know. Don’t dolphins dance on their tails in the water?”
“Maybe,” he conceded. “But not headless.” Case wondered if the ranch hands might have chopped the heads off to protect the livestock and tossed the snakes into the pond. If so, the serpents had not stayed dead. He felt numbly horrified, puzzled that Sophia seemed to be making light of a clearly unnatural occurrence. Although he didn’t want to think that of her, she seemed almost amused by his distress. She’s not reacting normally to this, Case thought. Something isn’t right.
He oriented to where he stood. The Hearken cemetery lay directly across the fence. A huge persimmon grove was bisected by the property line. The roundhouse lay a few hundred feet to his right. It was white frame constructed of narrow boards in panels to create the rounded effect. Case followed Sophia inside. Benches filled the center of the room. The quiet inside was palpable. A faint smoky odor pervaded. Plastic water bottles stood on a table but there were no visible signs of the rumored peyote. The place had a feel to it though, Case thought. It was a feel Case associated with walls that were accustomed to prayer, a feel of sanctity.
Sophia crossed her arms across her, her body language telegraphing distress. “I don’t know what I’m going to do about this thing. I’ve stopped the rituals. The liability is enormous. My lawyer is looking at it to see if I can tear it down without some kind of legal repercussions. Wasie left some directive to protect it, but it may not hold up. It’s not owned by the tribe. To quote my attorney, ‘It’s private property constructed for decorative purposes by Oshi in the 1920s.”
“Are the people who used it angry with you?” He noticed that Sophia seemed more level in her affect now, more herself.
“I doubt they are pleased.”
Case ran a hand along a curving inner wall. “I heard a story involving this roundhouse.”
“What did you hear?”
“I’m sure you know it. Maybe you can tell me if it’s true.”
“My mother didn’t talk about family history much at all. What is it?”
“That when your great-grandmother Oshi died, your grandmother Wasie was found that same day wrapped in blankets in the roundhouse.”
“Alone?” Sophia’s voice rose.
“That’s the story.”
“Why would anyone do such a thing?” Then her eyes narrowed. “Who told you this?”
“One of my elderly parishioners. I’m surprised you don’t know the story. Didn’t your mother or grandmother tell you about the circumstances of Oshi’s death?”
“Neither spoke of it to me, except to say she died of childbed fever. So many did in those days before antibiotics. If there’s any truth the roundhouse story, maybe she was delirious.”
Sophia walked out into the dimming sunlight and gave a dismissive shrug that communicated ‘the past is so – over.’ “I’ve had enough of nature. How about you?”
 “I’m developing a fresh air wheeze,” Case said.
 “I’ve planned an early dinner,” she said. “I can fill you in on some of the estate details that affect the church. I just received a new dispersal timeline that might interest you.”
“How can I refuse?” he said, smiling vaguely at her, his mind still on headless snakes.

*

When they returned to the Ranch, Sophia swung open the front door and led him into the grand foyer. “I have a 2007 Barbaresco that’s nice.”
“Oh, don’t open that for me,” he said.
“You’re familiar with it?”
“I am. Nebbiolo grapes. It’s a great wine.”
“Then we must open it.”
“It would go a long way in the poor box.”
Sophia gave a delightful little smile. “Just like your clothing.”
“Point taken,” he said. “But I bought these duds when I was still agnostic.”
“Case. I’ve already purchased this wine – I hardly think its price will make it into the poor box whether you share it with me or not.”
Case had grown almost accustomed to Sophia’s use of his first name. She had never once called him Father Terhune or Father and the significance of that omission was not lost on him.
She brought him a glass that was disproportionately full by fine dining standards. “Let’s go into my scrapbooking room, the papers are in there.”
Sophia took him into a small room lined with shelves holding large leather scrapbooks with prominent labels. She’s brought all those scrapbooks for her brief stay here, he thought, they must be very important to her. A round table in the middle was covered with colored paper, letters and photos. Other photos were displayed on the walls, most of Sophia in various settings around the world.
“You have a whole room for scrapbooking?”
“It’s one of the ways I celebrate my life,” she said.
Sophia ran a finger across several thick scrapbooks lying in a stack on the craft table. Case read the prominent labels on the spines:
Food-Foraging Swedish Holiday
Zip lining College Reunion
Tibetan Adventure: Tracking the Golden Monkey 
“May I look?” He asked.
She nodded and he opened the Food Foraging scrapbook first, followed by the Zip lining Reunion and the Tibetan Monkey Adventure. Enough photos of Sophia in one album to chronicle a royal wedding, he thought. A well-built man figured prominently in each album, smiling at Sophia’s side. But Case noticed it was never the same man. Maybe, he thought, her fatherless childhood accounted for her peripatetic search for a man worthy of commitment.
Her current project lay on the table, open. “What’s this one about?” he asked.
“My first visit to my ancestral home,” she said, quickly flipping the book closed. As she closed it he saw the words Hearken Homecoming on the spine in large black letters.
Case thought back to the stacks of albums he had filled after Lily died and saw a psychological parallel to Sophia’s scrapbooking excesses. The need to preserve memories was a normal one, but Sophia seemed to be carrying it too far. Perhaps, he thought, she was trying to lend permanence to a universe that would always end in dissolution – if not for an intervening God.
They moved into the dining room. Sophia seated herself at the head of the table, his place setting to her right rather than at the other end, he imagined to lessen the distance between them across the huge table. “How’s the appraisal coming?”
“Almost complete,” she said. “Hard to place a value on things like alfalfa yield and calving forecasts I guess. I’ll sell it as soon as possible. Case, I know there are thirty local jobs at stake. I’m a charitable woman. However, I cannot maintain a working ranch just to salvage a few low paid jobs. I have to do what’s right for me.”
“Of course you do,” Case said.
“My income was ample already. Now with Wasie’s estate, I will have quite an embarrassment of riches. I guess I can thank my Osage heritage for that.”
Case nodded. “The Osage were smart to keep the mineral rights.”
“Yes, they were proactive. Unfortunately it didn’t protect them from thieves.”
“Or murder,” he said.
He met her eyes. “Do you think your great grandfather married your great-grandmother for her head rights?”
“I feel strangely violated by that inquiry, in a family history kind of way.”
Case laughed. “I’m not a genealogy stalker, I assure you, but the locals have their stories.”
“To answer your question, I don’t know. My mother never spoke of it.”
He sipped the wine appreciatively. Although Sophia had a full time cook, all the dinners Case had attended at the Goddard Ranch were catered from Tulsa. Florence, the cook, who had served the Goddard Ranch for two decades, was soon relegated to dishwashing. Once at a dinner party for the town leaders, Case had seen her crying when the kitchen doors swung open.
This evening, Florence was nowhere in sight, and in her place a thinner, younger woman, named Macy, complete with white chef’s apron over black clothing, wisped in and out with an elegant meal of short-smoked salmon, cous cous and fruit. “Where’s Florence?” he asked.
“Oh, I had to let her go. To be truthful, she was so, well, so large, it embarrassed me. And her cooking style, if she had one, was simply not mine. Let me assure you, I gave her a disproportionate severance. Macy is a Paris trained chef in the light style that I prefer.”
He was saddened. Sophia was a lovely woman, but strangely harsh at times, particularly when it came to keeping up appearances. He decided he would check on Florence and perhaps try to find her a new job. “Maybe you could use Florence’s help with Easter coming up.”
“I don’t do Easter, Case. I’d think you would realize that by now. But I do celebrate nature and its yearly rebirth. My church in Connecticut has a wonderful Pipes of Pan Festival around this time of year. I really miss being there.”
“You belong to a church?”
She pursed her lips. “Christians don’t own the patent on spirituality, Case. Mine is a humanist, atheist congregation. We celebrate life as participants not supplicants. But, no, I won’t be needing Florence for Easter. Some old friends and I are meeting in the city to feed the poor.”
Case’s eyes narrowed. Only Lily would have known this was the expression he took on when he disapproved of something. She called it his ‘judgment eyes.’ Sophia confounded him, representing a classic study in contradictions. She studied religion only to debunk it at every turn. She went to church but chose a congregation whose eyes and voices were never raised to a creator. She had just fired a loyal employee as a fashion statement. The thought of jettisoning 30 locals gave her no pause, and yet she fed the poor on a high profile holiday. He suspected she would make a scrapbook of that too and he suspected another well-built man would be at her side in the photos.
But Case did not reveal his stern thoughts and only smiled benignly. “Feed my lambs,” he said.
Sophia looked mildly suspicious of his sincerity, but smiled and said, “Yes, of course.”
 He changed the subject again. “What do you think about the local banker who killed his wife a couple of weeks before I arrived?”
Sophia shrugged. “Andy Cotton? I guess he went crazy.”
“Did you know him very well?”
“Not really. But I’m sure you know from one of your sources that Andy was here just before the crime. He was advising me about the estate and would have done the appraisal of the ranch for me – if he hadn’t gone mad.”
“How did he seem?”
“Mostly normal.”
“No indications of pending violence?”
“Of being on the brink of homicide? None whatsoever. Well, he apparently got spooked by some night sounds. His wife was so embarrassed. He was mumbling out in the hallway. His wife hustled him back to his room.”
“She didn’t experience what he did?”
“I guess not,” Sophia said.
“Alcohol?”
“Nothing excessive.”
“What was he mumbling?”
“A prayer, I think. The Lord’s Prayer, but a clearly bastardized version of it. I think he improved upon it, actually.”
Case raised an eyebrow but decided the paternoster needed no defending.
“When his wife tried to pull him back into their bedroom he swore at her. Then he said, ‘Another mate another fate.’ Which actually makes some sense after I heard from Bea at the Beauty Box that he was having an affair with a bank teller.”
Case was intrigued. His own efforts had failed to deliver this bit of information or gossip whatever it might have been. He gave Sophia a bemused smile. “I wonder what services might be appropriate for a priest at the Beauty Box?”
Sophia smiled back. “Yes. Think of what you might learn during the course of a simple facial.”
“An affair could be a motive for murder, I suppose. How was he in the morning?”
“A little abashed, but calm.”
“I’ve been praying for him,” Case said.
“Why? Oh, never mind, that’s what you do isn’t it?”
Case laughed. “Yes. That’s what I do. I plan to go see him as soon as I get cleared by his doctor. Apparently, he’s right here in Hearken at the psychiatric prison facility.”
“Mmmm,” Sophia said. “That’s very, ah…kind of you, considering what he did to her.”
Case set down his wine glass. “Have you heard any strange noises?”
 She threw up her hands. “Well, they all seem strange to me out here.”
“Such as?”
“Animal noises. And the pest problem is awful. It’s disgusting.”
“What kind of pests?”
“Scorpions, centipedes, huge roaches. Then there’re the field mice, snakes and turtles. But the worst part is they seem indestructible. The townsfolk probably think I’m sleeping with the Orkin man as much time as he spends here.”
“They grow bugs big around here,” Case said.
She sighed heavily. “And let me preface this with saying I do not believe in the supernatural, but the house has some very creepy night sounds. And the heating system seems to create some kind of mist that hovers over things. I’ve had it checked but the repairman can’t find anything wrong with it.”
“Mist?” he asked.
“You know, like fog. It’s like seeing shapes in clouds sometimes.”
Case sensed a genuine fear behind her humor. “I could bless this house,” he ventured. 
She erupted in laughter. “Very funny,” she said.
“I wasn’t joking,” he countered. 
“Oh, Case,” she said. Her eyes turned flinty. “Tell me, if I were the window girl at the Dairy Maid drive-in would you be here tonight?”
“Not on church business,” he admitted. “But if our hypothetical Dairy Maid girl needed a priest, I would be here in a flash. Of course, I hear she’s Protestant and probably wouldn’t be calling on a Catholic priest anyway.”
“So it’s all about Wasie’s bequest?”
“No. The money will help a lot of people, but I’m enjoying your company very much. And I hope I can be of help to you in some way.”
“Saving my soul perhaps, Case?”
“Heaven forbid. You already make me feel like a door to door indulgence salesman.”
Sophia threw back her head and laughed. Her expensive hair cut tousled briefly, then fell back into perfect order. “Case, you do amuse me.”
“Tell me, Sophia,” he said, emboldened by the wine. “Why don’t you ever call me Father – even at meetings?”
She turned her hands upwards. “You and I don’t call each other doctor. Why is a church title any more significant?”
“I guess you have a point there,” he conceded. “I was just curious. Anyway, tell me more about your family history.”
“I will, if you’ll tell me more about how you turned into a priest.”
Case laughed. “You make me feel like a shape shifter. I’d rather not recount my journey to the priesthood, at least not tonight.”
 And Case was thoroughly enjoying himself despite his ulterior motives. Her barbs were witty yet warm. The wine had relaxed him – perhaps a bit too much.
 Sophia’s tone hushed. “How was your wife murdered? I heard about it in town.”
 “A stranger pulled her out of her car at a stoplight and slashed her throat.”
Sophia’s slender hands flew to her face. “How horrid. Oh, Case. I’m so sorry.” Her fingers remained there just under her eyes, ten perfectly manicured coral painted nails. He looked into her eyes, they were truly beautiful – what did he see there – a glint, a contraction of the pupils, something familiar that disturbed him.
She reached over and touched his hand lightly. A bit of static transferred from her skin to his with an audible snap. “Sorry,” she murmured pulling the hand away. “This wool carpet holds a charge.”
The spot where she had touched him tingled pleasantly.
“Could I see a photograph of her?” she asked.
“Sorry. I don’t have one with me.
“Bring one from home then, next time?”
“They’re all in storage.”
Sophia leaned forward put her elbows on the table and clasped her hands. Case imagined it a posture she used when counseling a student about grades. “I find it odd from a psychological standpoint that you don’t keep her photo with you.”
“Oh,” Case said. “Lily is always with me. Sometimes photographs take me further from true memory of her. They tend to freeze her into a pose or a moment—an angle. And I lose the wholeness of my memory of her.”
“That’s a very unusual way of looking at photographs,” she said, shaking her head as if trying to dislodge a disturbing thought. “You should ask a psychiatrist about it. A psychiatrist other than yourself, of course.”
“I’ll take that under consideration,” he said.
Sophia pursed her lips. “How did you meet her?” she asked.
“On the beach,” he said. Meeting Lily. The words brought a flood of memories once happy but now infected by loss. After his grandmother died and the summers on the farm stopped. Case’s family bought a beach house on Cape Cod. Lily’s family owned the beach house next to theirs. She was 11 and he was 12. Lily was a lifetime visitor to the private beach that fronted the homes. The summer kids formed a tanned band of beach pirates, climbing, swimming, digging from dawn to dark. Lily, whose parents owned a pharmaceutical empire, made no distinction between the kid whose Dad owned a chain of banks and the kid whose Dad ran the Coney stand. She had a way of defusing snobbery that leveled the playing field, at least among beach pirates. It was Lily who let Case in to this magical summer circle.
 One day when some of the local boys were teasing Lily for bringing her many–splendored Wedgewood picnic basket to a wiener roast, Case stood up for her. “Look,” he had told the gang. “It’s the only picnic basket she has. Besides, it’s got neat tools in it.”
Lily told Case he was gallant, which he liked, even though the locals ribbed him about it for the rest of the summer.
They left the beach in September and Case didn’t recall giving her much thought. Two summers later, Lily was doing the blossoming thing. She had become not only spirited, but beautiful and wise. By that third summer, he knew he would love her forever. Their September partings became more painful and one year Lily’s family took her to Europe and they didn’t see each other at all. That was a rough summer. Case got three postcards from her which he read and reread a hundred times each until the corners were bent and limp.
 By the end of high school, they had maneuvered themselves into the same college and eventually into the same medical school. They were the best of friends and the best of lovers. There was no topic they didn’t discuss and no joy or sadness they didn’t share. Lily was raised with no formal religion. Case by parents who were superficially Catholic and he had become a lapsed superficial Catholic. Their beliefs meshed perfectly into a kindly humanism. They were immersed in life and work and each other. Then it just ended.
Case startled back to the moment. “Now it’s my turn. You’ve never been married?”
“No. I always tire of men after a while,” she said.
“That’s frank of you. But perhaps you should ask a psychiatrist about that,” he said with a disarming grin.
“I guess I deserved that.”
“What was your grandfather like?”
“Wasie’s husband? I barely remember him. They visited us some. But I was young when he died. He was a quiet man. Why do you ask? You’re not easing me back into family history are you?”
“Absolutely not. I just noticed at the cemetery that the Goddard husbands don’t seem to be around.”
“Oh, they are, just in another area of the cemetery. Wasie wanted to be buried in the Osage part near her mother.”
“Was it segregated?”
“No. It’s just where most of the Osage graves are.”
His wine glass was empty and she rose to refill it then moved out of his line of sight. She came up behind him, her hands gently kneading his shoulders. “So much tension,” she said.
He didn’t move for one, two, three full seconds–pleasure pulsing through his body–then shifted away. It took all his will to withdraw from her hands. “I’d better get home,” he said.
“I suspect you are touch deprived,” she said in a clinical tone.
“Are you diagnosing me? Do you think I’m wasting away like an unrocked orphan?”
“Do you think touch has to be sexual?”
“No. But it has a sensual quality that can be misunderstood.”
“Misunderstand me some more,” Sophia said covering his hand with her own.
Case froze. There, he thought, she’s laid it out there. He slid his hand from under hers and the two stood in silence looking at their feet, arms crossed until Case said goodnight and broke for the door. Her touch lingered on his skin like a guilty pleasure long after he left the Goddard House and lay down on his solitary bed.

*

After Case left, Sophia moved into her sitting room and had another glass of wine. How unfortunate that the only man in town likely to be her intellectual equal was a priest and an ungodly handsome one at that. She laughed at herself. Lusting for the unattainable? But was he really so unattainable? In his eyes, she saw loneliness, grief and need, all curable human conditions. He was a man who just might hold her interest long term. What a shame, he’d turned away from real life.
An oversized sewer roach approached her foot and reflexively, she crushed it with her shoe. A chronic insect invasion, every sophisticated hostess’ dream, she thought, glad the creature hadn’t strolled across the room while Case was there. The roach’s legs two-stepped from beneath its crushed body. She shivered, disgusted, sighed, grabbed a tissue and carried it at arm’s length to the nearest toilet. It’s dead now or so she liked to think. Out of sight out of mind. She’d call the exterminator again tomorrow.
Sophia turned out the lamps and climbed the staircase. Every stair seemed to creak three times, once from the pressure of her foot, the second time after she lifted her foot and the third time, as if someone walked behind her, which was of course impossible. Gold-tone sconces lighted her way. Although Sophia had no intention of remaining in this house, she had considered replacing the dated fixtures just because they were so ugly. Besides they flickered incessantly. Just as she reached the landing the lights went out, as if reading her thoughts about their unreliability. She froze waiting for her eyes to adjust to the dark, but the clerestory windows let in nothing but the moonless night. Groping up the rail, she reached the landing and passed by the guest room that had once been her great grandmother’s. A curl of cold touched her ankle.
She reached inside the bedroom door and found a wall switch. Nothing. Must be a main breaker, she thought. She gasped as she turned to face the center of the room. Pushing aside the darkness, an amorphous white figure with a faintly phosphorescent glow knelt on the floor just inside the open door. Some of that damn fog, she reasoned. She stormed into its midst defying its reality and it dissipated. The lights flickered on. She turned and her eye caught a gleam. A jeweled rosary lay on the floor just where the shape had been. Gathering up the prayer beads, she opened the crank window, unhooked the screen, pushed them out, hooked the screen and closed the window. It wasn’t the first rosary that had surfaced seemingly from nowhere and it wasn’t the first she had thrown away. She would flush it next time, sentimentality be damned. Wasie had probably ordered them by the gross.
Still as she proceeded to her room, Sophia felt afraid. As she pulled back the comforter, her hands shook. Returning to her cozy academic life in Connecticut seemed as distant right now as her chances of seducing Case Terhune.
She slept and dreamed of a dark and fluid form entering her mouth. She struggled at first, thinking she would choke, but when the form reached her heart it felt warm and somehow right. It didn’t hurt at all.
Later in the night she awoke. A sewer roach was perched on the top fold of the duvet. She blocked its path allowing it to climb into her palm and brought the roach to within inches of her face. Lady Bug, Lady Bug, fly away home, she whispered affectionately. Your house is on fire, your children will burn. Sophia stroked the bug’s back gently with the finger of her other hand until its wings twitched and it flew onto the windowsill. She sighed contentedly, snuggled back under the duvet and returned to her dream.



CHAPTER 22
ANDY COTTON


Case pulled up to the complex of old buildings, sheds and fields that made up the original Charles Sturdevant Asylum grounds just off the highway leading south out of Hearken. Arrows pointed the way past vacant buildings and empty parking lots to a squat brick building still in use by the state. The entry drive was long and lined with tall birch and a low wall built from indigenous sandstone rocks of varying sizes. The place had a look of neglect although two large, growling tractors swept back and forth in wide swathes leveling the spring growth of weeds and grass. Case parked and looked up at the muddy-gray structure. The lintel date read 1920 and aside from what looked like modern glass doors, the exterior retained a period look.
Inside, Case emptied his pockets into a clear plastic bin and placed them in a locker. He handed the key to the guard and walked through the metal detector. Although the alarm went off stridently at some offending bit of metal, the security guard just returned the locker key to him and waved him on. The miracle of the Roman collar, Case thought. A nurse guided him to a common area familiar to him for its universally fetid odor, old magazines and sticky vinyl couches. He recognized Andy Cotton from a newspaper mug shot, his face a disheveled, bloated version of its former appearance.
“Mr. Cotton. Father Terhune is here to see you.” The nurse waited only a heartbeat, as if satisfied that violence was only a risk during introductions, before turning and walking away.
On the table was a pile of laminated recipe cards which Andy picked up and shuffled in his hands.
“How are you Andy?” Case asked. All around him uncapped chair legs scraped against the hard floor, in a jarring cacophony and he lifted a metal chair up to the table so as not to add to the noise.
Andy fanned the cards, selected one and set down the remainder.
Case looked around him to assure privacy then leaned across the table. “Andy. Talk to me.”
Andy held the card up to Case’s face as if to share the photo accompanying the recipe. Then he began reading the other side: “Aunt Bethany’s 30 minute bread pudding.”
“Andy I know what happened to your wife. I thought you might want me to hear your confession.”
Andy repositioned himself in the chair. “Assemble a large mixing bowl and all your ingredients, preheat oven to 350 degrees…”
“Would you pray with me Andy?”
Andy laid down the recipe card with a snap. “Andrew David Cotton has left the building,” the voice replied. The voice took on the tone of another, similar, Case thought, to the changeling tone used by Peck. But the similarity didn’t end there. When Case finally got a close look at Andy’s eyes, they were dancing. “Let’s pray,” Case said.
Andy gave a bored, dismissive groan. “Pray with you? Oh, I’d love to, but it makes my throat itch. Perhaps later. Perhaps when Hell freezes over.” Andy laughed at this, a strange harrumphing laugh.
“I’ll pray for us both then,” Case said.
“Mmmmmmm,” said Andy, now humming and holding his ears.
“Our Father who art in Heaven…”
Andy removed his hands from his ears and tapped his fingers on the table. “Your father who aren’t in heaven,” he mocked. “You bore me priest.”
“Were you angry with your wife?” Case asked.
Andy flourished his hands. “He has no wife.”
“Was this some form of divorce by death?” Case asked.
Andy was smiling now. “Andy was an easy tool. Freed of his moral constraints he became quite creative. I particularly enjoyed his use of the chestnut knife.”
“Why are you speaking of yourself in the third person?” Case asked.
“You tell me. You’re the psychiatrist, Terhune.”
“How do you know I’m a psychiatrist?” Case asked, his voice betraying him with a slight quaver.
“You look a little pale,” Andy said. “Perhaps, physician, you should heal thyself.”
Case shoved the chair back from the table and stumbled backward away from Andy. He signed the cross in the air between them. “Ab insidiis diabolic, libera nos, Domine. From the snares of the Devil, free us, Lord. Dear Lord. Please reach the soul of this man and comfort him. Forgive him his sins and help him ward off the forces that torment him.”

*

 Case retrieved his possessions from the locker and walked rapidly toward the exit sign. An elevator door opened. It looked uncomfortably full so he moved toward a stairwell, his thoughts on Andy Cotton’s words. How could he have come up with that Physician heal thyself line? That was Peck’s line. How, he asked himself, could the presence in Peck be here too?”
He didn’t relish a jailhouse exorcism, but the man was Roman Catholic and clearly possessed. He’d need a host of permissions and authorizations, but he would follow up with the family after the state decided whether Andy would be committed or tried for murder one. 
Case’s feet took the stairs quickly, his hand sliding lightly down the cold metal handrail inset into the concrete wall, his mind absorbed with what he had just seen, his sense of elapsed time blunted. His legs fell into an unconscious rhythm. Steps then landing. Steps then landing. After who knows how long, he jerked back to the present. How many floors had he descended? He’d been on the third floor, he was sure of it. The building as seen from the outside could not have been more than four stories and a basement, if that.
As he reached another landing, he looked for a floor number and saw none. Another flight and he would exit. As he reached the next door he pulled and found the door locked. So far, he had counted two major safety code violations. He would report it for the safety of the patients, if he could just get out of here.
 Okay, he thought, start counting. One landing, two, three, four, and each door solidly locked. He turned and looked upward. He could always retrace his steps, but for now he would continue downward. Maybe he had entered some auxiliary stairwell, like a servants’stair in old manor houses. Could he have been so absorbed that he had crossed some covered walkway into another building entirely? He didn’t see how. He descended another four floors, meaning he’d come down 10 from when he had begun keeping count. His breathing was labored. Even if he had come down ten flights, he was fit and shouldn’t have been out of breath from that slight exertion.
 He felt a growing sense of panic. It reminded him of the dream he sometimes had of standing behind a curtain and being unable to find an opening. In that dream his hands would feel for the parting of the curtain but there was none. In context of the dream, he never thought to simply rip the curtain down but continued to grope frantically along the fabric, as if following some dream etiquette for properly exiting draperies, until he just woke himself up. As a psychiatrist, he viewed this dream as a typical expression of helplessness and futility, but it scared the Hell out of him anyway.
 Ridiculous, he thought. This is ridiculous. He stopped cold and looked at his watch. 8 p.m. He had left Andy Cotton at 7, which meant he had been descending three to four flights of stairs for an hour. He tried his cell phone not really expecting and not getting a signal in the stairwell. Time to climb back up, he thought, then decided to test one more door bar before reversing direction.
 This time the door swung open with a gratifying clunk and brought him to an exterior landing that formed a platform. Relief washed over him. Decidedly not the front of the building, he thought. Perhaps a loading dock. It was growing dark. No cars were in sight. He would simply walk around the building and find his car. The night air was strangely evocative of something, but he couldn’t say what. He felt strangely detached from his surroundings as if he wasn’t quite meshing with the world. A man stood at the bottom of the platform. He had dark swept back hair and wore a work shirt with short rolled up sleeves and baggy dungarees. An unfiltered cigarette hung precariously from his lips.
“I’m trying to find the entrance,” Case said.
“Priest?”
“Yes. I’m trying to find the parking lot.”
“You don’t look right, Father,” the man said, the cigarette jerking up and down as he spoke.
“What do you mean?” Case asked, assuming the man was seeing stress in his face.
“You look blurry.” 
“Blurry?” Case asked, spooked by the man’s desultory comment, and looked down at his own hands just to be sure he wasn’t fading away.
“You know, hazy like.”
“Look. Please take me to the front entrance.”
“Follow me,” the man said.
They walked away from the platform, validating Case’s theory that somehow he’d crossed over to another structure while thinking about Andy.
The man stopped in front of a church, pulling open its heavy front doors.
“No,” Case said. “This is a chapel.”
“Yeah,” the man said. “Isn’t that what you’d be needing.”
“No. You don’t understand.”
The man belched a lungful of smoke into the fading light. “Been nice talking to you, but I’ve got a grave to dig tonight.” He tossed the cigarette away. “You’re a long way from San Francisco, Terhune,” the man said, moving away backward and unnaturally fast as if pulled to another place by an invisible magnet.
Watching the man’s bizarre locomotion, Case tried to pray to St. Michael but couldn’t summon the words. What if this didn’t go away? What if he never found the front of the building or his car or anyone normal ever again?
He looked at the open chapel doors. Maybe, he thought, a chapel is what I’d be needing. Case entered the nave of the church and walked down the center aisle, the only illumination coming from a literal sea of votive candles ringing the feet of the Virgin Mary statue. Strange to see real candles burning at night in an empty church, Case thought, since most churches had curtailed them for safety reasons. He genuflected before crossing the altar and raised his eyes.
The ceiling was vaulted and latticed with cedar crossbeams. A woman’s body swung gently from the beam nearest the altar. Case gasped. He rushed forward hoping he could save her but he could only reach her legs. He couldn’t find a pulse in her ankle but could not be sure it was absent over the pounding of his own heart. She was still, her head was sunk upon her chest and he turned her by the legs to get a look at her face. The tongue protruded and the eyes bulged slightly. One hand was at her throat, two fingers trapped beneath the rope as if she had changed her mind and tried to free herself. This too was not unusual when the yearning for oxygen overcame the desire to exit life. Too late, he thought. I’m too late. The woman’s legs began to kick, the upper body contorting against the noose in a bizarre rippling flop that reminded Case of a large hooked fish.
Case thought the woman was saying help me, but it sounded like Hell me, Hell me, due to the obstructing tongue. Now sure he had a life to save, Case the physician went into rescue mode. He saw nothing he could stand on. The pews were bolted down and he kicked at one repeatedly then rocked it with his hands until it came loose. He stood on it and held the woman while he used his pocketknife to cut the rope. She dropped heavily into his arms and he fell off the pew with her to the travertine floor. The woman’s trapped fingers began to pull at the noose and she freed herself and flung the noose away from her. “Oh to breathe again,” she said. “I can breathe.”
“It’s okay,” he said. “Let’s get you out of here.”
“Yes,” she said. “Yes,” her voice flooding with hope and relief. 
“Whatever led to this, may God comfort you,” he said, then moved to lift the woman from the floor.
Suddenly she pulled away, huddling there face buried in her hands. 
“I can’t go,” she said.
“Yes, you can,” Case said gently.
“No. I can’t.”
“Why?”
“Because I’m dead.” Her tone was flat now, devoid of hope. She removed her hands from her face and looked straight at Case. The face upturned to him was now putrefying and greasy, the facial features losing integrity as he watched. He closed his eyes like a kid wishing a monster away and when he opened them she simply was not there. There was no rope hanging from the beam and no discarded noose. But at his feet lay a single woman’s shoe, leather with wedge heels, ankle strap and stylish art deco design. He picked it up and turned it in his hands, the sole was embossed with the word Perrugia. Suddenly, the church went black, every candle extinguishing simultaneously. He pulled his cell phone from his jacket for light, but it too had gone dark. He backed down the aisle toward the entrance, unwilling to take his eyes off the scene of the apparition, touching each pew in the pitch black until he reached the double doors.
He was running now much as he had that night in the Hearken cemetery. He hoped he was dreaming; he hoped he was having a nervous breakdown. At least then the world would be there for him after he got treatment.
Finally, he rounded a brick corner and saw a familiar parking lot with cars and large halogen lights. He sank to a curb and sat there shaking. An elderly security guard approached him, tilting his head quizzically at the young priest who clutched a woman’s shoe.
“You ok, Father?”
“I don’t know. I’ve had some sort of a break with reality.”
“Well you’ve come to the right place,” he said, his tone not unkind. “Would you like me to call someone?”
Case looked at the man.
“Do I look normal?” he said.
“Normal?”
“Yes.”
“You look scared. Wait there. I’ll get a doc to come out and talk to you.”
Case looked across the parking lot and spotted his car, the thought of being placed under observation in a facility for the criminally insane bringing him around.
“No. I’m ok. I just got lost out back.”
The guard nodded. “This place is creepy at night. The abandoned buildings, the old chapel and the cemetery and all. Hear it was like a town once, full of the insane.”
“Do they still bury people in the cemetery?”
“Oh, no. Not since the 30’s. Some kind of health code thing – graves were too close to the water supply or something.”
Case drove back to the rectory with the windows up and the heater on although the night was mild. He looked down at his right hand. His index fingernail was torn and bloodied from where he had grappled with the bolted down pew. The pain ticked like a little clock reminding him of the physicality of his experience. And then there was the matter of the shoe sitting beside him on the passenger seat.

*

Two days after his visit with Andy Cotton, Case was still rehashing it. The whole stairwell thing and the smoking man had him thoroughly shaken. The vision in the chapel could have stopped a weaker heart.
The Perrugia brand shoe was of 1920s design. The Internet told him that. But he couldn’t prove the origin of this particular shoe. It looked brand new and had virtually no sole wear. Could he have seen the ghost of Emily Carter Goddard, Edward Goddard’s second wife? He reread her death certificate in his Hearken file, but it didn’t disclose where she had hanged herself, only that she died at Charles Sturdevant Asylum. If he had viewed the immediate aftermath of her hanging, where was the ladder she would have needed to reach the crossbeam? Could she have been placed there by the smoking gravedigger? Hallucination was the more likely explanation. Could he be losing his mind? Case discarded the psychiatric explanation, although he actually found it comforting. If this was a device of the Devil, it was getting personal. It was egotistical to think the Devil feared him. And yet, events seemed directed at him sometimes. If the Devil was trying to scare him out of Hearken, he had come very close.
He thought about his childhood saint name, John Vianney. His mother had picked it for him prior to his confirmation at age 12, because Case had been uninterested in picking his own. Her choice was almost random, based on a visit to the French village where the saint had preached. Years later after he and Lily were married, Case had read up on his saint and found him to be a stern fellow who decried alcohol and dancing. Vianney reportedly subsisted on boiled potatoes which he stored suspended from strings to keep the rats from taking them. On top of that, the future saint barely made it into the priesthood due to his inability to learn Latin. He and Lily had laughed about that, since Case was accustomed to fine foods and fine wines, was an accomplished dancer and had mastered Latin in high school.
“Sweetie, he sounds just like you,” she teased.
“The saint and I are veritable twins,” Case had responded, in flawless Latin.
He and Lily read some wild stories about the Devil’s attacks on Vianney, which they had discounted as psychiatric episodes with overtones of sexual repression. But now Case, tempered by life and belief, revisited his namesake saint and saw him in a new light. On closer examination, Case found no evidence of insanity in Vianney. The man’s relationship with an evil presence was complex and documented. Villagers, fellow clergy, and pilgrims witnessed or heard these assaults, which included bizarre acts of vandalism, shrieking and animal noises. The Devil was known to converse with and verbally abuse John and once set the priest’s bed on fire. This taunting went on for decades.
Despite his inflexibility in some areas, Vianney was said to have helped thousands of souls, counseling, encouraging and hearing confessions, sleeping only a few hours a day 
Perhaps, Case thought, he should accept the taunts and personal attacks as a sign that the Devil viewed him as a threat. Unlike, Vianney, who seemed good humored about his relationship with the Devil, Case was deeply frightened by it. Of course, he thought, maybe after three or four decades he would get used to it. His mother’s choice of Vianney now seemed strangely appropriate. Case knelt on his pre-dieu and made a very personal appeal to John Vianney for his help.



CHAPTER 23
HERE I AM BROKEN-HEARTED


It was the live-in maid’s night off and Sophia sat in the cavernous dining room and thought about the Goddard clan and how little she really knew of its history. She was beginning to confront the dysfunction in the family for the first time in her life. She had never before dwelled upon the extreme contrasts between her mother’s and her grandmother’s beliefs. Her mother was non-religious to the point of militancy. Something must have caused her to be so impassioned about the subject. Certainly Wasie was the other extreme. Everywhere she turned, she found evidence of her grandmother’s hyper-religiosity. As for her own beliefs, Sophia had taken her mother’s side without question, understandable since her grandmother had been a remote and very occasional presence in her life. Sophia loved academia and the study of history, but the choice of religious studies had, she admitted, been based on her wish to disprove and debunk belief in God in general and the divinity of Christ in particular. She truly felt she was giving her students the other side of the story of religion and its place in history.
That very morning she had found another rosary, this one hung over the bureau mirror. It had not been there the previous evening. The beads turned up in the oddest places, some placed there when Wasie was alive, others, like the one she found that morning had to have been placed by others. One of the servants had to be responsible. But she didn’t relish the thought of lining them up like a scene in a period piece movie to interrogate them. She couldn’t fire them all. So she decided to ignore this one as she had the others and slid the beads into an empty makeup jar and threw the jar into the lidded bathroom trash can.
She remembered an occasion in her childhood, perhaps she had been about ten, when Wasie visited and stayed at their house in Tulsa. It was late and Sophia lay tucked into her canopy bed. She awoke to her grandmother’s voice in the next room. She rose and went into the living room where her mother sat reading. “I hear grandmother talking,” she told her mother. Who’s she talking to?”
“She’s praying,” Effie told her.
“Why?”
“Because she’s afraid of things and wants God to let her into heaven when she dies.”
“Can God let us into heaven?”
“No dear. God can’t let us in to heaven.”
“Did you pray when you were a little girl?”
“I did. Because I was told to. When I grew up I stopped praying because I realized there is no God. We have other people to care about us and to care for.”
“But people can’t let us into heaven either.”
“That’s true. Because there is no heaven, just our lives here on earth. We must be resourceful and make the most of our lives here.”
Sophia had returned to her bed where she pressed her face to the cool wall and listened to her grandmother praying on and on into the night. She had seen some dead things, a bird, a turtle and a new puppy that wasn’t born quite right. People died too. Her friend Alicia’s mother had died in a car crash and was at the cemetery. It occurred to her that dead things were gone forever and it would be nice if there was a heaven. She wondered why her grandmother thought God was real but her mother didn’t, but soon she fell asleep and forgot about it for a very long time.
Sophia looked at the intercom and it comforted her knowing Wayne and the other ranch hands were just a buzz away. Before leaving for the evening, Macy had prepared a lovely dish of shirred eggs with smoked salmon and asparagus and opened a chilled Chablis.
Sophia sipped the wine thoughtfully. Maybe she’d invite one of her male friends for a country weekend. Jake would be pleasant to have around. Jake had never been to Oklahoma and he’d e-mailed her a couple of times hinting that the state held some kind of outdoor allure for him. She thought that unlikely. They were compatible in beliefs and he was good in bed, but he sometimes showed signs of being more serious than she wanted to be. Maybe she wouldn’t ask Jake to come, maybe she would get a large dog for protection. At that moment, the Doberman pinscher option seemed the more appealing one.
Face it, she thought. My romantic thoughts are all focused on a man whose job description requires celibacy. Handsome priests are a curse. Why couldn’t he look like Rasputin and sound like Elmer Fudd?
The lights flickered and she gave an exasperated sigh. Apparently, all Wasie’s oil wealth never bought her a reliable electrical system. She lit two candles in preparation and pulled a flashlight from the buffet drawer. When the lights went, she was glad for the candles. She poked at the eggs, waiting for the lights to come back, which they always did. She’d wait a few more minutes before calling Wayne to get the generator going.
She heard faint music, wafting down from the upper floor. She had not heard it until the power went out. Flashlight in hand she walked out into the hall to the living room. The music sounded old-fashioned, the kind she associated with prohibition and flappers. What if there was an intruder? Maybe she should call Wayne now. She thought better of it. What kind of criminal would break in just to taunt her with roaring 20s music? It was probably a house servant’s CD player bumped into battery back-up mode by the power outage. An older servant, most likely with a taste for outdated Victrola music. She pursed her lips. That didn’t narrow anything down, she thought. All the full-time servants are older.
She climbed the staircase to investigate the source of the music. One day on a whim, she’d dragged out the ranch architectural drawings which Wasie had preserved meticulously in massive oak flat files. Now she had a fair idea of the original use of the rooms. The upstairs had two master suites. One designed for Edward Goddard, the other for his wife, Oshi. Wasie had occupied her mother’s former room and had died there. Now both the master suites lay empty except for occasional use as guest rooms. When Sophia arrived to care for Wasie, she had not been drawn to Edward’s room, although it was the grandest, but had chosen a smaller guest room situated to get the morning light.
As Sophia walked down the dim hall, illuminated only by the flashlight beam, it was apparent the music was coming from Edward’s room. She pushed the door open. The music was quite loud now. It was an orchestral piece that segued into a vocal. Here I am broken hearted, the tenor sang, these words recurring as a chorus at annoyingly short intervals. The recording had that scratchy Victrola sound. She thought the music might be coming through the intercom, but when she approached the grill, it was silent. No radio or sound system was apparent.
At first sight, the shape she saw on the bed looked distinctly female and it was heaving as if with sobs, but when she shone the beam on it, it seemed more nebulous like a shape imagined in a cloud. Sophia leaned closer, reaching out her hand to feel the mist. The substance gave no resistance, but when she pulled her hand away, her fingers were damp and icy cold.
She heard a heavy tread on the stairs. Wayne checking on me, she thought. It’s Wayne. She rushed out on to the landing where the heavy steps continued past her toward the bedroom where the crying woman-thing lay. Sophia was enveloped in an icy draft and she clutched the bannister and hurried downward. By the time she had returned to the first floor the lights had jumped back on. The intercom light blinked. She pressed the button. “All your lights back?” Wayne asked.
She inhaled deeply, then exhaled.
“You okay Sophia?” His voice tinged with concern.
“Yes, Wayne, I’m fine.” Who can I share this with? She thought. Wayne? Jake? Case?
Any of them would rush to her side to help her, she knew that. But how could she tell them she was hallucinating? She thought of Case. He was probably kneeling right now, saying his night breviary, praying to a God who did not exist. Praying for who knows how many people, but not for her, because she had forbidden it.



CHAPTER 24
PAULA


Case sat in the Comfort Café staring at the remaining three quarters of the world’s largest pecan waffle. Usually Case welcomed Mrs. Glascow’s days off, but today he felt at loose ends and didn’t feel like sitting in the rectory with a bowl of cold cereal. After saying morning Mass, he’d run on his new Wal-Mart treadmill until his legs ached, then walked to town.
The waitress was a sweet faced young woman with intelligent eyes and visible black roots jetting up through her white blond hair. She had waited on his table before, but they had never had a conversation beyond the menu since he was usually there with others. Her name tag read Paula B. She refilled his coffee then lingered at the table. “Hi, Father Terhune. Mrs. Glascow’s day off?” She asked.
“Yes,” he said.
“Your waffle ok?”
“It’s very good. I just can’t finish it.”
 “I can reheat it.”
“That’s ok.”
“Do you want a box for it?”
“No. Thank you. Have you lived here all your life, Paula?”
She nodded.
“I guess you’re not Catholic, since I haven’t seen you at church.”
“I go to Pentecostal.”
“Oh, yes. Off Main Street?”
She giggled. “Everything’s off Main Street here.”
“That’s very true. How long have you been working here Paula?”
Since high school. She raised her eyes as if she could see the years passing like counted sheep – that’s 11 years. And I work part-time at the Goddard house—cleaning.”
“Seems as if everybody works at the Goddard house.”
“Just about,” she said. “One time or another.”
“What do you think of the house?”
“It’s real spooky out there now.”
“In what way?”
She shrugged and ran her finger around the inside of a huge hoop earring that rested against her collar bone. “I dunno. Andy Cotton killed his wife right after he left that big slumber party Miss Sophia had.” 
 “Were you working that night?”
“I was. I made up all the beds and helped clear the dinner table.”
“Did you see Andy acting strange?”
“No. I didn’t’ see nuthin.”
“Any other way the house is spooky?”
“Just the vermin.”
“Vermin?”
“Roaches and scorpions and the centipedes.”
 Case had found one of those Okie centipedes in the rectory bathtub – a huge segmented eight inch creature that looked like a chain of shooter marbles on legs. He had let out an involuntary shout which brought both Glascows running. Mr. Glascow had dispatched the beast while Case stood ineffectually in the hall in his bathrobe. He hoped it had stayed dead, but he looked into the tub every morning just in case it hadn’t.
“They come in from the field out here,” Paula continued. “But now it’s like you crush ‘em and they come back. I dropped an unabridged Webster’s on a roach last week and when I lifted it off it just kept crawling around.”
“Didn’t the bugs always come in?” he asked, trying not to look or sound overly interested.
“We always had some coming in, but not like they did after Miss Wasie got sick. Pest man can’t kill ‘em off. And it’s getting worse. Sophia – I mean Miss Sophia’s real upset about it sometimes. Other times, she just laughs about it. Just yesterday, I saw her carry a bug outside and let it go. Course she’s been acting weird anyway.”
“How’s that?”
Paula twisted her mouth in thought. “The live-in maid says she’s been crying at night and wandering downstairs at all hours. And she told the maid to take down all Wasie’s crucifixes and prayer cards and throw them away. When the maid handed her Wasie’s emerald rosary, Sophia handed it back to her and said take it away, take it away.”
No more questions, Case thought, not wanting his curiosity to get back to the Goddard Ranch. 
Paula showed no inclination to leave as she leaned a knee on the booth seat across from him and rested her coffee pot on the table. “Bea down to the Beauty Box says you was married. Is that true?”
“Yes. My wife died.”
“You coulda married again. Pentecostal pastors can get married. So can the Baptists, the Presbyterians, the Methodists, Assembly of God.”
Case patiently waited for her to run through the Hearken church directory. “Roman Catholics priests can’t marry,” Case said.
“That’s too bad. Besides, you don’t look like a priest, Father.”
“I don’t?”
“No. You’re too good lookin.” The short order cook yelled something about grits being up and Paula grinned shyly and scooted away.
Case left two fives for Paula, then, remembering Score’s assessment of him as a chick magnet, worried that she might misinterpret the gesture, pulled one five back and put it in his wallet. Case, with his poor ability to evaluate his own face, just didn’t see it.
During his marriage, he supposed a few women had flirted with him, but the gold band and the fact that he and Lily were seldom apart for long had made it rare and wholly inconsequential to Case. If women noticed Case, men had certainly noticed Lily. He had seen their appreciative glances, but never for a moment feared losing her. Lily and Case had laughed when a local society magazine covering a charity had captioned their photo ‘Dr. and Dr. Terhune – that gorgeous couple.’
“I don’t want you to think I take your looks for granted,” Case had said pointing at her reflection as she stood beside him at the bedroom mirror. “You are gorgeous.”
“It’s the face powder that gets them but the baking powder that keeps them,” Lily had said.
“Then I had better learn how to cook,” Case had answered.
As he paid his bill, he overheard two men in the booth parallel to the register.
“Birds crash into windows, get stunned them wake up. You’ve seen that haven’t you?”
 “It’s different, Leroy. The cow was dead, really dead and now she’s up and moving. Jeff had a dead cat come back and you –”
 “What are you saying? Musta been stunned that’s all. It’s not like they was pronounced dead by a vet you know.”
 “It ain’t natural is what I’m saying.”
The men looked over, nodded at Case, and fell silent. He nodded back, thinking of animated road kill, beheaded mice and foxes with splayed chests.




CHAPTER 25
OPPRESSION


It was a Tuesday and Sophia had once again summoned him. She had the final disbursement papers and wanted Case and her attorney to look at them together. When he arrived, Sophia ushered him into the formal dining room, the massive table set for dinner for two. “Craig couldn’t make it,” she said. “So it’s just us.”
He sat down, not too surprised at Craig’s absence.
“Martini?” Sophia offered.
Case declined the martini—he swore he did— but minutes later found himself sipping one anyway. Although irritated with himself and unable to recall changing his mind, he continued drinking, enjoying the freeing buzz.
As they ate, they got into a lively discussion about Gospel attribution and manuscript dating. She was knowledgeable and Case enjoyed every minute of the conversation. “How’s your book coming?” he asked.
“Slow. I’m doing a sortie into the origins of religious celibacy. I’m calling the chapter Sacrament of Repression.”
“Sounds interesting. I’m looking forward to reading the book.”
“Aren’t you afraid reading it might weaken your faith.”
“It won’t,” he said, his tone more blunt than he had intended.
Sophia paused as if regrouping conversationally. “I go in depth into the church’s use of celibacy to separate men from women and portray women as dangerous, corrupt beings. Tell me, how do you deal with the social injustices perpetrated by the Church?”
“I see the Church as a prism of Christ’s light. Sometimes the prism is flawed and must be corrected, but behind it is still the real Christ.”
“Well, I believe there are times when you have to throw the baby out with the bathwater,” Sophia riposted.
“Sophia, I can’t defend 2,000 years of church behavior tonight, even if I were so inclined, which I’m not.”
“Tell me then how do you deal with celibacy?”
“That’s a very personal question.”
“I suppose it is,” she conceded. 
“If I said with prayer would that satisfy you?”
She laughed, her perfectly coifed hair tossing back then reshaping itself as always, perfectly. “More importantly does it satisfy you?”
Case fell silent.
Sophia seemed to be weighing her conversational options. “Maybe you were blessed with a low sex drive. Some people are you know.”
He shrugged. “I guess you have your answer then.”
“You’re being sarcastic.”
“No. I’m not. It’s just not a discussion I’m comfortable having.”
“You’ve asked me about my lack of faith. About why I never visited Hearken. About odd things that might have occurred here. But you find my curiosity about celibacy inappropriate.”
Sophia’s eyes did that little pulse, swirl thing. The color of the iris deepened and the pupils moved in what appeared to be a circular motion. He had seen a similar manifestation, sitting across institutional tables from Walter Peck and Andy Cotton.
Case welcomed the interruption when Macy checked in on them. Sophia dismissed her for the evening. “Join me in the sitting room, Case, and we’ll get down to business.”
As they entered the room, he heard a click and wondered if she had locked the door. She sat very close beside him on the couch, opened a portfolio and withdrew a set of documents. No sooner had she removed the papers, then her attention wandered and she set them down on an end table.
Case blinked. When had they switched to wine? He looked at the two wine glasses and the uncorked nearly empty bottle of wine she had brought to the coffee table. One, two, three? How many glasses had he consumed? But when she leaned to fill his glass, he didn’t stop her. He was after all there to observe her behavior.
The Bose system supplied an eclectic mix of music. He had loved music once, but since Lily died he had avoided it. It brought too much emotion to the surface. But tonight he let it wash over him. Soon he and Sophia were laughing and he had crossed his self-imposed alcohol line.
“Are priests allowed to dance,?” she asked.
“I don’t think it came up among my elderly Jesuit mentors,” he said.
“Do you think Jesus danced at the wedding in Cana?”
“I don’t know. Maybe. The Gospel of John was more focused on Jesus turning water into wine at the wedding. I always liked that miracle, because he did it out of love for his mother when the wine ran low.”
“Well I think he probably danced. I suppose you would take it as an advance, if I asked you to dance?”
Case felt suddenly warm and generous and unafraid. “I’ll dance with you Sophia.”
Save the Last Dance for Me was next on the playlist. He had danced to that song with Lily once – a dimension plus eternity away from here. Sophia tentatively took his hands. He hadn’t allowed himself anything like this in such a long time. He had almost forgotten the power of music and the sensuality of a man and woman moving to it. Too familiar, he thought, but he didn’t pull away. He could almost pretend he was holding Lily until Sophia spoke.
“Oh, you can dance,” she said.
Case released Sophia abruptly as the song ended, memories of Lily eclipsing the living woman in his arms.
Sophia took his hand like a bobbysoxer bouncing off the gymnasium floor on prom night. She settled in beside him on the couch. Too close, he thought in an alcohol dulled awareness of propriety.
“We’d better look at those papers,” he said.
“You’re right,” she said docilely. She reached out and touched his face with the back of her fingers and the tenderness of the gesture made his heart ache. The physical loneliness of the last years overtook him all at once. His brain seemed split, with half aware of the grave misconduct he was approaching and the other half becoming almost comfortable with it.
A wave of raw sexual desire swept him. Sophia must have sensed it, because she gently pressed her lips to his. Case didn’t move away. Her tongue slipped into his mouth and met his. She straddled him, her hands sliding beneath his jacket and to his belt. He removed her from his lap and pulled her under him, his hands sliding down her thighs to the edge of her dress then upward to bare flesh. She moved against him and he gasped. He cupped a breast through the soft jersey fabric of her dress. She pulled his shirt from his trousers and unbuttoned it. He raised himself off her to free the shirt and jacket from his shoulders. In the process, his Roman tab collar popped free and fell to the floor, the white band contrasting starkly against the patterned Persian rug. Father Terhune stared at the collar then pulled away from Sophia, his conscience returning with a vengeance. Violating his vows was bad enough, but to consider misusing this beleaguered woman was horrendous. “Sophia, I am truly sorry. I’ve had too much to drink.”
“Oh, so you’re attracted to me only because you’re drunk?”
“No. I’m attracted to you for obvious reasons. Allowing myself to act upon that is my failing.”
“She hissed at him. You’ve already lusted in your heart. Then in a strangely low voice, “It’s as well to eat the Devil as drink his broth. If you walk away from me, you walk away from what’s left of your manhood. You’ll tire of this priest thing. Mark my words.”
She came at him, her small fists pummeling his chest, her feet kicking at his shins. Despite her intense efforts to claw him, he held her at bay. A small town priest with fingernail scratches on his face would, in the words of Ricky Ricardo, have some ‘splaining’ to do. Macy heard the commotion and Case, combing his hair with both hands and straightening his clothing, opened the door to her knock.
“Get Wayne,” Case ordered.
Macy used a wall intercom system and located Wayne in the bunkhouse. He appeared within two minutes. Together Wayne and Case wrestled Sophia into an armchair where she swore and spat and insulted. Wayne looked stunned. “Should we call a doctor?”
 “I am a doctor,” Case said.
“If you say so, Father,” Wayne said doubtfully. You a lawyer too? We may be needing one if we make her mad.”
“She is not herself,” Case said, kneeling beside Sophia’s chair while Wayne restrained her.
Case so wanted to pray for her, but he couldn’t bring himself to defy her wishes. “Sophia. Listen to me.”
“You rich boy pretending to be holy…you won’t last…”
“Sophia, snap out of it.”
“Why don’t you speak in tongues for us Father? Use the tongue that was in her mouth just two minutes ago.”
Sophia’s reference to herself as “her” was not lost on Case.
“Tell Wayne what you were just doing,” Sophia said.
Case turned to face Wayne. “Your boss kissed me and I kissed her back,” he said in a level voice. Wayne made an oof sound as if someone had jumped on his stomach.
Sophia let loose with a string of profanities, some of which Case suspected from their roots were archaic Latin swear words. His Latin was excellent, but he was not an expert in dead language profanities. He planned to research them if this episode ever ended.
Case left the room and returned with an ice bucket. “Stand aside, Wayne,” he said, cupping a handful of ice against Sophia’s arm. It was a technique he had used on psychotic patients before and one he found more effective than shaking or shouting at them. She squirmed against the cold but he held the ice against her as it melted and ran through his fingers. By the time the cubes had completely melted away, Sophia had come around.
“Wayne, what are you doing here?” 
Wayne puffed air from his lips and his shoulders drooped. “Just passing through,” he said in a subdued voice.
Case saw that Sophia was appraising him and Wayne intently. Case’s hair was disheveled, his Roman collar still lying on the rug. Wayne’s cowboy hat lay upside down nearby and both men were breathing heavily. Two displaced sofa cushions lay on the floor.
“I seem to have lost an earring,” Sophia said, fingering her earlobe absently. Her eyes widened as she spotted the turquoise feather earring snagged on Case’s shirtsleeve. She looked at Case and frowned as if remembering in some fragmented way.
Case jerked his head toward the door and Wayne followed him outside. On the porch, he asked Wayne to drive him home. A priest’s car parked all night at the Goddard House will cause great delight at the Beauty Box, Case thought, but driving drunk is a mortal sin if ever there was one. He wondered how it ranked alongside a priest French-kissing a bedeviled woman.

*

Case spent the next 24 hours in intense prayer, frozen in shame at his own conduct. He made his confession by telephone to his mentor in Rome, offering to remove himself from Hearken—an offer his elder abruptly declined.
“Case, you are being affected by the forces you are confronting. Remain aware of it, but do not retreat.”
“Sophia clearly needs the Ritual, but she will never agree to it.”
His mentor cleared his throat as though wanting to be sure Case both heard and comprehended what he was about to say. “Father Terhune. Having church approval and perhaps the tacit approval of her deceased grandmother, does not permit you to perform the Ritual without the consent of the afflicted one. I know you learned this in early in your training, but be sure you do not forget it. Violation of that rule can and will get you defrocked. The Church needs you Father Terhune. Don’t let your heart get in the way of that.”
“Understood,” Case said. He had a snowflakes chance in Hell of getting permission from Sophia. As for his moral transgression, absolution from a Cardinal made Case feel a little better, but not much. He had played right into the Devil’s plans and had nearly broken his vows.



CHAPTER 26
HELL’S SCRAPBOOK


When he next visited the Goddard house, he found Sophia in her scrapbooking room sitting at her craft table busily cutting shapes out of construction paper. She appeared relatively normal, except that her eyeliner had been applied in a heavy slash a full inch above the base of her upper eyelashes and her lipstick did not quite conform to her shapely lips. Much as he dreaded facing her, he was too worried to stay away. “Sophia, about the other night…”
“What about the other night?”
“Never mind,” he said. “How’s the Hearken Homecoming scrapbook coming along?”
“Very well,” she said. “Case, I’m glad to see you, but I hope you’re not here to pray for me.”
“Heaven forbid,” Case answered. “We need to talk though. I think you should leave this house now.”
“What in the world do you mean?”
“I want to talk about what happened to your mother here in 1964.”
Sophia’s eyes glinted. “My mother never told me anything special about 1964.”
“Two priests performed an exorcism on your mother in this house. One of those priests was Father Ryan Quinn.”
 “Are you seriously telling me my mother was possessed? Why she was only 12 or 13 in 1964.”
“What do you think is happening here Sophia, to you, I mean? You’re obviously not completely well.”
“I’m not sure. My nerves are raw. I think the isolation of this place and all the family baggage is affecting me. There’s a history of dysfunction. My grandmother was a victim of religious hysteria, I believe. Going through Wasie’s things, it was evident she was obsessive about prayer. I mean who has a pre-dieu in their bedroom?”
Case shrugged, since he had one himself. “Someone who says the rosary a lot.”
“My point exactly,” she said.
As Case sat watching Sophia, an eight-inch centipede dropped from the ceiling onto the craft table, its segmented body broken and twitching. Sophia didn’t flinch unlike Case who cried out and knocked it off the table where it pulled its flattened body along the floor resolutely. Case stepped on it until he thought it was surely dead, although when he lifted his shoe, the crushed segments still pulsed rhythmically.
“Poor thing,” Sophia said. “It’s just trying to survive, you know.”
Sophia seemed as unperturbed by the acrobatic centipede as she had been by the headless pond snakes. One day she hates vermin, Case thought, the next she’s at one with them.
She chose carefully from a rack of exotic looking scrapbooking tools, selecting a blunt ended stick and a pair of tweezers to position her construction paper cutouts onto a page before securing them with a glue gun.
“Sophia, please. Suspend your disbelief just for a time.” Case heard a quick cracking snap from the bedroom.
Sophia jumped up clapping her exquisitely manicured hands together in girlish delight. “Be right back,” she said with a slight but uncharacteristic giggle. She entered the bedroom, returning moments later holding a folded cloth napkin. She sat down and returned to her scrapbook propping it almost upright so that Case couldn’t see its pages.
 “Sophia, please listen to me. You’re sleeping in a house where your great grandmother was murdered, the house where your own mother was exorcised, and where Andy Cotton slept the night before he killed his wife.”
“Uh-huh,” she murmured not looking up as she placed the napkin carefully in the gutter of the scrapbook. First she used the glue gun, then took a blunt tool and tamped something into place.
“Sophia,” he said and in frustration grabbed the scrapbook and pulled it toward him. A freshly dead mouse with broken back and bloodied snout, lay crucified on craft sticks in a puddle of glue under the cut-out heading Creatures Small.
Case released the scrapbook in disgust. “Dear, God, Sophia.”
“God has nothing to do with this Case. But never fear, my dear little mousey will rise again on the third day.”
He looked into her swirling eyes. “Leave her alone,” Case said to the thing behind her eyes, mindful that he could not violate her wishes and pray for her.
Sophia fell forward onto her desk in what appeared to be a faint. Case took her pulse and carried her into her bathroom. He laid her gently on the floor of the stall and turned the shower on full cold. She awoke crying and spluttering but lucid. He handed her a towel.
 “Why you bastard,” she said. “What kind of repressed kinky behavior is this?”
His voice was cold. “Change your clothes. I need to talk. And you need to listen.”
“Oh, aren’t you the alpha male. I should call the police,” she said. But she did not.
Sophia took her time changing, drying her hair and reapplying her makeup. She rejoined Case at the scrapbook table. “I want you to have an explanation for what you just did to me,” she said.
Case pulled the scrapbook over and opened it to the mouse.
Sophia gasped.
“You made this,” he said.
“No. I did not.”
“Why would I lie?”
“I think I would remember doing that.”
“To couch it in psychiatric terms, you were in a fugue state.”
“I have no history of that.”
Case nodded. “I know. Not until you came here. And this episode isn’t the first.”
Sophia’s expression became puzzled instead of challenging. She seemed to be remembering something else. “That night you came to dinner—when Craig couldn’t come. I know I had a lapse. We were talking and the next thing I remembered, you and Wayne were standing nearby looking as if you’d been in a schoolyard fight. My earring was on your sleeve.”
Case nodded.
“That was one of them,” he said.
Her eyes widened. What happened that night?”
“Nothing I’m proud of,” he said.
Her mood lightened visibly. “Did you and I have sex?” she asked
“No. We did not.”
A small smile played across her face.“You and I? A near miss I suspect? And I suspect it was you who cut it short. To be frank, it wouldn’t have been me. But not remembering it is frightening. If I hadn’t just had two brain scans, I’d be worried about a tumor or early dementia. Do you think it could be emotional?”
“No. I don’t.”
“What then?”
“Hear me out. Save your comments until I’ve finished.”
Thirty minutes later, Case stopped talking.
Sophia’s voice was low and level as if she was attempting to control it. “You’re an agent of the Vatican and an exorcist. Well, I admit you always did seem out of place here.”
“I hope you believe I’m here to help.”
“I do believe that Case. But I think you are profoundly misguided.”
“You see nothing unnatural in what I’ve told you?”
“Case, I’m an atheist. You can’t possibly expect me to believe the problems in this house are supernatural. If Oshi was murdered, it was about greed. As for the animated insects and road kill, I suspect they just weren’t dead yet. My mother obviously had a psychiatric episode in 1964. It saddens me that she never shared that with me. The fact that an exorcism was performed on her bespeaks ignorance, not the presence of the supernatural. Your belief that your wife’s killer and Andy Cotton are possessed is pure faith-based speculation.”
“So what is happening to you?” Case asked.
Sophia leaned back in the captain’s chair. “I don’t know, but religious superstition can’t help me.”
“Do I still have your trust?”
“Personally? Strangely, I do trust you. I think you’re an ethical man, bedeviled by scruples, but ethical nonetheless.”
Who’s the bedeviled one here? Case thought, shaking his head. “I’d like your permission to perform the Ritual of Exorcism—if things get worse.”
Sophia gave a little laugh that turned ragged and sounded almost like a sob. “Never,” she said.
Case didn’t intend to back off. “Then let me cleanse the house. Maybe it’ll have a placebo effect, having someone you trust, taking some action against what’s going on here.”
“I’ll not have you walking around burning sage and sprinkling salt.”
“That’s not what I do,” he objected.
“Well, holy water and incantations then. No, Case. No.”
Case stood up, his face grim. “Call me if you need me,” he said.



CHAPTER 27
TEMBLOR


The knock on the rectory door that up-ended the natural order of things came at 9 on a Monday morning just after Case had celebrated Mass.
Case opened the door, recognizing Pastor Edwin Roberts from First Baptist Church. He had met the man before at a local nursing home where both were visiting the sick.
Roberts was a florid faced man of 50 with silver hair and bright blue eyes. “Father Terhune, I need your help,” Roberts said.
His deep voice had the cadence and timbre Case associated with televangelists. “Yes, Pastor, come in. How are you?”
“Well, I’ve been better,” Roberts said, not moving to accept Case’s invitation to come inside.
“How’s that?” Case asked.”
“I need you to come to the mortuary with me.”
“Is it one of my parishoners?”
“I’ll explain on the way.”
“Do I need my sacramental?”
“Yes. I think you probably do.”
The drive to the Hearken Mortuary was a short one. And Pastor Roberts wasted no time on the way preparing Case for what he was about to see. “Father Terhune, Sheriff Martin, one of my congregants, called me last night. He took me to the cemetery and what I saw there, well, it shook me to the core.”
Case felt cold despite the early summer heat. “What was it?”
“Some tombstones were knocked over. They’re damaged bad.”
Although Case’s heart was pounding, he forced his voice calm. “Teenagers?”
“No,” Roberts said in a flat voice. “There was some kind of earthquake last night. It disturbed a grave, opened it up.”
“Whose grave?”
“Tom Coleman, local fellow, ran the hardware store. Died on the highway, tractor trailer lost its load of pipe. One of them came through his pickup cab and killed him. He was buried three days ago. And it gets worse. The coffin was open and empty and the body was sitting up against a tree, moving.” 
“Moving? Could it be some kind of reflex?”
“No. It was pulling up shoots of grass with its fingers and collecting them in its lap.” The pastor stifled a sob. “It has to be the end times coming,” he said.
Case laid a hand on his arm. “We’ll have to rule out natural causes-some kind of virus or muscle spasm.”
“What I saw was no virus, Father.”
“Pastor Roberts, I have to ask – if this man is a member of your congregation, why did you call me?”
“He’s not. I don’t think Tom was a churchgoer in recent years, but he was raised Catholic. It’s his wife, Joyce who’s the Baptist. I thought it only right that a priest see him.”
“Does she know?”
Pastor Roberts shook his head. “I haven’t told her, unless the Sheriff has.”
The men were met at the door of the Hearken Mortuary by Sheriff Martin and Ned Rodgers, the undertaker. “Have you called the wife?” Case asked.
“No,” the Sheriff said, the mere thought of breaking this news to the recently unwidowed Mrs. Coleman worrying his face.
“Let’s see what we’re dealing with first,” Case said.
Sheriff Martin led priest and pastor into a small room that smelled of scented wax and formaldehyde. On a gurney in the middle of the room lay a twisting man wearing a brand new suit and makeshift restraints. The hand plucked with thumb and index finger at the sides of the gurney. Case bent closer. One look at the man’s exploded pupils and fixed stare and he knew the man was dead. For a moment Case was stunned into inaction. Jerking road kill and a zombie fox were one thing, a human corpse with hand to eye coordination quite another. Seeing for the first time in his life something truly impossible, Case was stunned and medically conflicted. Should he attempt to treat the man or take him to a hospital? “Could he somehow be alive?” he asked looking at the others in the room.
The Sheriff threw up his hands. “Hoping you could tell us. Talk around town is you’re a priest and a doctor. But the man’s been autopsied and has no internal organs, at least not hooked up to anything anymore.”
“I can vouch for that,” the undertaker said. “The coroner put them back in his belly in a cloth bag when he was done.” 
Case unbuttoned the man’s shirt, pulled off the tie and placed his hand on the corpse’s chest. From the marble hard coldness of the flesh, he knew the man had also been embalmed. There was a lurching movement there but what he felt beneath his hand wasn’t respiration. “I say he’s dead in any conventional sense of the word.”
“Can you put Tom at peace or something?” the Sheriff asked.
“I can try. It could be some kind of muscular response-an aberrant rigor mortis maybe.”
“Oh, it’s aberrant all right,” Ned, the undertaker said, “but it ain’t no rigor mortis.”
Case looked at the Baptist minister. “Saying he qualifies for the rites of the sick is an understatement, but it’s all I’ve got.”
“Please proceed,” Pastor Roberts said. “I’ll be praying alongside you.”
Case nodded and donned the purple stole. He withdrew the vial of Holy oil from his valise and approached the corpse. Case chose the wording used when it is uncertain if the person is alive or has already died. He extended his hand over Tom’s head. If you are still alive, by this holy anointing and in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit may any power the Devil has over you be destroyed by the laying on of our hands.
Then as Case moved to anoint the forehead, the corpse’s mouth opened and a whirring sound came out. Over the silenced bellows of his lungs, Tom’s chest convulsed. The observers jumped visibly, their backs now ranged against the far wall, Case among them. He recognized that sound.
Pastor Roberts spoke loudly and in a clear revival-quality voice. “The Devil has animated this body, but only God can restore the soul.” He glanced at Case and the two clerics stepped toward the gurney. Tom leaned toward Case’s living warm hand as if drawn there, turning his face toward the priest. The whirring noise was building. Tom bared his teeth in a menacing fashion. Case pulled back as the corpse snapped at the air between them.
Case looked at Pastor Roberts. “I have to make a call. Just stand there, all of you and watch him.” Case flung open the door and moved to an empty room. When he reached him, the Cardinal was just finishing afternoon tea. “Your Eminence. In the next room from me, there is a reanimated corpse. The man has been dead three days. He was autopsied and embalmed and has no heartbeat and no respiration. He has purposeful movements and just tried to bite me. His eyes are open and his head is following objects. He is fully possessed. Please tell me I have your permission to use any means at my disposal to release him from this condition.”
There was a silence on the Rome side of the call. “Dear God, Case thought. Please don’t tell me I need the dead man’s permission. “Your Eminence. The man is dead. Can I use the language of the Ritual?”
“Yes. If you are medically sure he is dead. This is unprecedented, but yes.”
Father Terhune returned to minister to the undead. Tom was humming like a turbine now, his hands forming claws, his legs twisting. Case touched the holy oil to Tom’s forehead and laid a crucifix on his unsettled chest.
Ab insidiis diabolic, libera nos, Domine, Case said. From the snares of the Devil, free us, Lord. Leave this body. By the power of Christ I command you to leave this body.
Tom reached toward Terhune. The whirring reached a vibrating machinelike pitch. His arms began to tremble and his reach turned into an odd motion that resembled hands pounding on a piano-up and down, up and down, but with no real intent.
Be still, Case said. Be still. Tom Coleman became floppy on the table. The whirring stopped. As the men watched aghast, Coleman’s flesh appeared to shake away from his bones until his skin hung on him like loosely folded layers of cloth, the face collapsed, the features displaced. At last, the ruined corpse lay still.
The Baptist preacher blessed the body. The clerics joined in the Lord’s Prayer with Case falling silent while Roberts completed with the additional Protestant words. Everyone present joined in a loud ‘amen,’ perhaps the most heartfelt of their lives
The Sheriff tapped on Tom’s wrist with a cautious finger. He turned to the undertaker. “Do you think he’s dead, dead?”
“Dunno,” Ned said. “I thought he was dead before I embalmed him.” Case noticed that Ned was quite literally wringing his hands. “I don’t think I can take more trouble,” Ned said.
“More trouble?” Case asked.
Sheriff Martin answered for Ned. “A couple of months back the night watchman was found dead in the reception area. We found an embalmed corpse in there too, lying on a couch, and it had kind of fallen apart – like the flesh had separated from the bones. Kind of like Tom here. Weird thing was, the corpse was in the mortuary bay on a gurney when Ned here left it. And the body was in good shape except for the one bump to her skull that killed her.”
“What killed the watchman?”
“From the autopsy, seems he choked on a sewer roach that had somehow gotten in his throat. No sign of foul play – to the watchman or the corpse. Just real strange.”
Case frowned as he heard hoof beats and thought of zebras instead of horses. In fact, a veritable herd of zebras pounded through his brain. Could the corpse have walked to that couch? 
Sheriff Martin followed Case to his car. “Could we talk?” Martin asked.
“Of course,” Case said, joining the man in the police vehicle.
The Sheriff’s hands were shaking. “I’m thinking maybe there’s no need to mention this to Tom’s widow. What could I say to her? Tom was dead, then he wasn’t, now he is again.”
Case nodded his agreement. Then he asked the Sheriff for a favor. “I want to take tissue samples from Tom,” he said. 
“Why?” the Sheriff asked.
“There has to be some metabolic process going on for him to move around like that without heartbeat, blood flow or respiration. Even if it’s demonic, there has to be some chemistry behind it.”
“Okay. Do it. But let’s not talk about it.”



CHAPTER 28
LISTS


Case sat in the rectory kitchen long after the Glascows had left for the evening. He had witnessed some kind of history at the Hearken Mortuary, and was feeling a dark side, Bizarro Superman version of what he imagined the witnesses to Lazarus’ resurrection may have felt. His thoughts were disordered and he reached for a pen and one of Mrs. Glascow’s notepads. At the top of the pad decorated with a kitten and the words Favorite Things he began a list:
1.Devil has learned to animate the dead
2.This is a form of possession and it can be countered by prayer
3.Sophia is under siege
4.Must drive the Devil out of Hearken and back to Hell.
With his back to the kitchen bay window, Case didn’t see the pale figure standing outside the glass.



CHAPTER 29
IMMORTAL REMAINS


Case was in bed freshly asleep when the hinge of the bedroom door squeaked and woke him. He turned over and the mirror caught a figure – female – moving haltingly toward him. He raised himself on his arms just as Lily reached the bedside. The green silk dress was remarkably unfaded, protected as it had been from all light. Her face was equally well preserved, except for the very tip of her nose which was slightly discolored as if the corruption of the grave had tried to take hold there but been vanquished.
Remnants of the green shadow the makeup girl at the funeral parlor had applied to match the dress still adhered to her eyelids. Clinging to her upswept blond hair were twigs, clumps of dirt and pieces of what he realized was green florist’s foam. She looked unsteady on her legs as if she’d been asleep in a bad position for a long time. A damp odor of soil and petrochemicals accompanied her. Her once beautiful eyes were open but fixed and misted by the faraway look of death.
Lily sat down on the edge of the bed grabbing Case’s arm. Her touch though somewhat uncoordinated was far from ethereal. She leaned into her husband as if seeking something from him, drawn perhaps toward the pumping of his heart and his living skin.
Case paled and shook, but he didn’t run and he didn’t recoil from the body’s touch. When he spoke his voice was broken only by desperate love. “Lily, if on any level you can hear or sense me, I love you now and always. I am not afraid of you.”
Her lips parted and a whirring sound came from deep within her. It was, Case thought, the sound that had come out of Tom Coleman. Despair overtook his heart as the inhuman whirring turned into a turbine-like hum.
Case believed the St. Michael prayer had stilled Tom Coleman. But the effects had been horrifying. He thought of Tom Coleman’s face sliding around like a rubber mask on his skull, the bizarre contraction of the musculature and the melting of the flesh. How can I take this state of being from her, he thought, no matter how corrupt its source. He wanted to understand it, to bring her body peace, not righteous destruction. How could he collapse her with the power given him by Christ. Not her. He could not, would not. He simply could not bring himself to say the words that might turn her into a jumble of bones and flesh shrouded in formless skin. At a time when he needed to pray more than ever before in his life, he could not.
Tears ran freely down his face. “Lily, it’s Case,” he said, as if trying to reach some remnant of cellular memory within her, even though he knew that was impossible.

*

The Devil moved Lily’s hand upward toward the priest’s throat where he laid her fingers tentatively against the carotid. There, there, dig in, the Devil instructed. The Devil basked briefly in her obedience as he guided Lily toward violence. She appeared to be complying. He expected a struggle, but the priest did not resist as his wife’s fingers curved to position nails against artery.
It appeared to the Devil that the priest was going to let his bride rip right into his carotid without protest. Thrown off by the scope of this human’s love, the Devil was briefly nonplussed. He refocused and exhorted her anew. In response her nails pressed deeper. “Rip out his throat,” the Devil said.
“Lily,” was all the priest said. “Lily.”
The Devil was poised on the brink of victory, but Lily suddenly disengaged from her husband’s neck, her hands falling away. The whirring stopped. For the third time, the Devil had lost control of a resurrection.
Disappointed, the Devil watched as Terhune covered Lily’s motionless hand with his own. What had broken his control this time? The priest had not prayed against him that night. Not one time. He countenanced me rather than turn her into an organic heap, the Devil thought. As for his Lily creation, she remained upright and intact despite her disengagement. He imagined the two humans as undead bride and groom atop a wedding cake and under his control and it amused him. I can own them both, he thought, as he lulled the priest into a strange and wholly unnatural sleep.




CHAPTER 30
LOOKING FOR LILY


In the morning light, the incident seemed more a dream than it had in the dark. He flung himself down the stairs holding the sides of the stairwell and lifting both feet down the last few steps. Coffee. He needed coffee. He rocked and pulled the Keurig into a dominant position on the counter where it hissed and delivered.
As he sucked the scalding brew into his mouth, the rectory land line shrilled. “St. Bartholomew’s,” he said.
“Case?”
“Scores?”
“I hate to have to tell you this, but we’ve had an incident involving Lily’s grave. It’s been desecrated.”
“Desecrated. How?”
“Her body is gone.”
“Peck,” not a question, but a statement.
“Yeah, looks that way. He’s got out – somehow, been gone for days but the Hell if anyone told me. He’d been his normal self, lying in a fetal position on bad days, painting the walls with his poop on the good ones. Facility’s just playing dumb about the whole thing.”
“Scores. Was her’s the only grave disturbed?”
“Yes. I checked out the cemetery thinking he might go there and Lily was gone.”
“How did he get to her?”
“With a shovel and a crowbar. He left them leaned up against a tree.”
Silence ensued.
“Case, you okay? I know it’s awful, but nothing can hurt her now. Anyway, I’m all over it.”
“I know you are.”
“I can tell you’re creeped out – who wouldn’t be.”
“Scores, you have no idea.”
The detective promised to be in touch and Case sat down hard, the steel and vinyl kitchenette chair sliding backward under his weight to hit the wall. Stricken as he was by Scores’ call, Case, the psychiatrist, began to rationalize. He had to. Last night was a dream – some kind of night terror or sleep walking – but not real. As for the desecration, he decided – a human evil lay behind that. Maybe somehow he sensed Peck’s sick plan and that caused the dream.
Nonetheless, he climbed up the stairs like a much older man than he had been coming down. The bedcovers were twisted and thrown back. There on the rumpled sheets were bits of the green florist’s foam, mixed with clumps of dirt and grass. On the white pillowcase lay a single strand of long, golden hair.
In the days that followed, part of Case held to the ‘it was just a dream’ theory while the other part waited for Lily to reappear. He walked the cemetery and the sloping 640 of the Goddard Ranch. At night he kept his bedroom door ajar, thinking she might return. One day near dusk, he drove the winding two-laner out to Hearken Lake peering as deep as he could into the dense forest surrounding him. Scrub oak limbs interlocked as he passed forming a shadowed canopy over the road. He tried to clear his mind and let instinct take over. If ever two souls were entangled, it would be ours. Shouldn’t I be able to sense her? Apparently not, he thought. But something tugged at him and he braked and parked on the miniscule shoulder and plunged into a thicket of trees. Branches grabbed at his clothes, chiggers bit through his socks. The woods cleared and he walked up to a small salt pond, similar to the one Sophia had shown him at the ranch. A ring of ruined earth surrounded the pond, made infertile by the salt. A wooden spool and rotting rope littered the area, more drilling debris. He was glad to be in the open although the woods started up again just a few hundred feet beyond the pond. Just outside the infertile ring, was a stand of blackberry bushes. Case turned twice while standing there convinced he was being watched but seeing nothing. So much for my psychic ability, he thought. Hot, bitten and mildly lost, he gave up and returned to his car not seeing the piece of green silk waving off a bramble like a tiny flag.

*

Case held the phone for several minutes before making the call. “Scores. How many vacation days do you have?”
“About enough to give one away to every citizen of San Francisco. But I never take any of it.”
“I want you to take some now. Trip’s on me.”
“What are you talking about?”
“I need you here.”
“You’re offering me a Hearken, Oklahoma getaway?”
“Scores I need your help.”
“Fill me in. Why don’t you fly up here and see me? Besides I can’t leave until I find Lily’s body and return Peck to his psych-med shuffle.”
“Look Scores. Don’t make me beg.”
“Begging might do you some good instead of that sense of privilege you have. How can you expect me to just obey your command without even giving me an explanation?”
“I can’t explain right now.”

*

Twenty-four hours later Scores stood in front of the Tulsa airport clutching a 1998 Samsonite suitcase that still looked brand new.
Case jumped out of the Honda and clasped Scores’ hand.
“I can’t thank you enough.”
“No. You can’t.”
“You need food or drink?”
“Well I need a drink, but that wouldn’t be appropriate right now. Let’s just get on the highway. By the way, I haven’t found any trace of her.”
“I know that.”
“Why do you know that?”
“Because she’s here and I want you to help me find her.”
“Here?” Scores face registered profound disbelief.
“Yes.”
Scores turned to look at the winding road to Hearken. When he spoke, his voice was gentle. “You’re not going wacko on me are you Case? I mean any more wacko than you’ve been all along?”
“I don’t think so,” Case replied in a voice that belied his own doubts.
“Hell’s bells,” Scores said when Case finished telling him about Lily’s night visit and the evidence she left behind. “My first impulse is to take your car keys away and catch the next flight home. But it’s real hard for me to believe you’re that far gone. There’s just no way Lily’s body could be here in Hearken.”
“I’ve seen her Scores.”
“In your dreams, Case. I should be in San Francisco, looking for Peck. He has her body somewhere. You’re wasting our time.”
“No. She’s here. She’s been animated somehow. I’m sure of it. I just can’t find her.”
“Dear God. Have you been out looking for her? Do you seriously think Peck stole her body, brought her back to life and transported her to Hearken.”
“I haven’t seen Peck.”
“Okay. Why don’t you dream you have, then you can tell me where to find him. Case, I’m willing to look for a stolen body, not a walking one.”
 “One time at Denny’s we talked about our belief in God. We kind of skirted the issue. You said you believed maybe. Did you mean it?”
 “I should believe in him as much as I take his name in vain. I guess I’d have to say I avoid the subject. Sometimes I drink too much. I eat too much. I have failed to be fruitful and multiply. I don’t know how happy God is with me.”
“Were you baptized?”
“Yeah, but I think the priest used unholy water.”
“Scores. You didn’t really answer me. Do you believe in God?”
Scores sighed. “Since you insist on forcing me to answer. I guess I’d have to say yes. But what’s that got to do with Lily?”
Case told Scores about Tom Coleman. By the time Case finished the account, Scores was ready to jump in. “Maybe this Coleman wasn’t really dead. I read about a case like that in China not that long ago. A guy was buried and woke up in the coffin after everybody went home from the funeral. It didn’t end well.”
“It wasn’t like that. Coleman had been autopsied and embalmed. And I wasn’t the only witness.” 
Scores shook his head. “Case, it isn’t possible.”
“Just look around you,” Case said as they entered the last leg to Hearken. “Do you think that’s a normal incidence of road kill?”
“I don’t know. I’ve never traveled an Oklahoma highway with a crazy priest before. Looks to me like these critters played Frogger and lost.”
“I’ve charted it. All this death and undeath – It’s all happening in a two or three mile circle around the Goddard Ranch.
“You’re pie-charting road kill?”
“You can drive all the way to Tulsa and see maybe one or two dead animals. But you get within two miles of Hearken and there’s road kill everywhere. And it doesn’t all stay dead, Scores.”
“That’s certifiable, Case. As a shrink you should realize that.”
But by the time they reached Hearken, Scores still wasn’t convinced but he had seen at least two flattened animals rise up and crawl away.

*

 Despite Case’s insistence that he stay at the rectory, Scores chose a room at the Meadowlark Motel, a two story frame structure, its paint scheme coordinated from the silly putty palette. A large sign proclaimed it a FORMER FRANCHISE, a marketing strategy that seemed to work for Scores.
“Pretty depressing,” Case observed.
“Oh, it’ll be fine.”
“I’m paying, of course.”
“I’ll bill you,” Scores said. “I’d rather not appear to be your kept man.”
“You’re not my type, Scores.”
The next morning Case met Scores at the Comfort Café. They sat in the back room where Paula brought them coffee and breakfast.
Scores laid a legal pad on the table. “Ok. Fill me in on the rest of it.”
“I know it was hard for you to accept that I became a priest. What I’m about to tell you may be even harder. I’m an exorcist.”
“Aw, Case,” Scores said. “How did something like that happen?”
“It started with Peck. When I visited him, I saw something in his eyes that organic medicine couldn’t explain. First of all, he knew Lily was a doctor – which he couldn’t have known. Second, he called me a priest long before I even thought of becoming one.
After I accepted Christ, the priesthood was a natural progression of my faith. I could never remarry, not after what I had with Lily. My relationship with her cannot be recaptured or equaled. When I got to Rome, my background and interest in possession led to my training as an exorcist. The church had a file on Hearken that includes reports of an animal resurrection in the 1920s and a possession that led to an exorcism in the 1960s. The church considers what happened here rare examples of authenticated demonic events.
The diocese had planned to reestablish the parish in Hearken anyway because the town was growing again. When dead animals started coming back to life this year, Wasie Goddard contacted the Bishop and the Bishop contacted Rome. As before, the focal point seemed to be the Goddard Ranch. When Andy Cotton murdered his wife after spending the night at the Ranch, the church decided to send me to investigate.”
Scores looked puzzled. “Hard to see significance to it with decades between incidents.”
“There’s a passage in the Bible that says the Devil revisits old haunts, looking for entry. I believe in the Devil and I believe he’s operating here.”
“Jeez, Case. It’s real hard for me to hear you talking like that.”
“I didn’t believe in God or the Devil before Lily died. But I do now. Lily walked into my bedroom the other night. I don’t believe she’s conscious in any normal sense of the word. I believe her body was brought here by Peck. And I believe the Devil animated her to derail my efforts to stop him.”
“If you had her at the rectory, why did you let her leave?”
“I lost consciousness and when I woke up she was gone.”
Scores looked at him with sad eyes. “Case, I think you need to talk to a shrink.”
“I am a shrink.”
“I know that. But sometimes shrinks need shrinks.”
Scores took a call on his cell. He said okay at three intervals and no kidding twice, then put the phone back in his jacket, sighed and shook his head. “I’ll be damned,” Scores said, returning the phone to his jacket. “Peck rented an SUV in Carlsbad.”
Case stared at him. “Did he say where he was going?”
“Said he was taking a daytrip. But, listen to this, the agent said Peck stood at the counter singing Oklahoma! while he waited for the car to be cleaned up and brought around.”
“Then you believe me?”
“Case, I suppose it’s possible Peck transported her body to Hearken, but she is not walking around, here or any place else. I’ll help you look for Peck and for Lily’s body.”
Paula bounced through the curtain separating the banquet room from the rest of the diner. She smiled at Case and filled his cup, then turned to Scores and filled his, but not before touching her spiky hair with the other hand.
“Where you from?” she asked Scores.
“San Francisco,” he said. “Like the Father here. Ever been there?” he asked suspecting he knew the answer.
“Nope. I’ve only been out of Oklahoma twice, both times to see Graceland with my mama. What brings you here, Mr. Scores?”
“I’m a friend of the Father…and call me, Dan.”
“He’s a detective,” Case interjected. “He’s looking for an escaped convict who was sighted around here.”
Paula’s eyes crinkled in a truly sweet smile. “That’s real exciting. What’s his name? The convict, I mean. If he’s from Hearken, I probably went to school with him.”
“He’s not a local,” Case said.
“Well, it was nice to meet you, Mr. Scores,” she said turning and walking back to the kitchen.
“Call me Dan,” Scores said, watching appreciatively as Paula and her tight, pink uniform returned to the kitchen. “Cute girl.”
Case nodded and narrowed his eyes. “She’s a very sweet, good person,” Case said, his tone measured and protective.
“Sure, sure,” Scores said. “Glad to hear it.”



CHAPTER 31
DIVING LAKE HEARKEN


Scores, Case and Sheriff Martin spent the next few days looking for Peck and Lily. They traipsed through the scrub oaks forests until they were covered with ticks and scratched to distraction by blackberry bushes. The Sheriff brought in his deputies and the expanded search party took the 640 acres of the Goddard Ranch a quarter section at a time. Each day, Case said morning mass, quick changed into jeans, then met Scores at the Comfort Café, where they drank coffee and chatted with Paula. She filled their Igloo with sandwiches and bottled water and saw them off, waving from the restaurant’s back door as they drove away. They found snakes and horned toads and tarantulas, but they didn’t find Peck and they didn’t find Lily.
On Saturday, the Sheriff notified Scores of a report of a car antenna breaking the surface of Hamilton Cove on the West end of Lake Hearken. Case and Scores put on khakis shorts, T-shirts and canvas shoes and met the Sheriff at the Cove. The Sheriff was floating near shore in a fishing boat too small to hold the three of them.
About 25 feet from the Sheriff’s location, debris from recent spring storms had snagged on something, creating a squarish accumulation of branches and trash. Case was tall enough to keep his footing in the water, but Scores was afloat by the time they reached the spot. Except for the antenna, the Jeep Cherokee was fully submerged, but barely.
“Here,” Scores said, handing him a police issue window breaker. Case took a breath, held the door handle and pulled himself downward to the driver’s side window. At first only the steering wheel and the vague shape of the bucket seats were visible. Scores took a breath and pulled to window level beside Case. As the men peered into the interior, Peck zoomed over the back seat in a fluid movement, like a trained dolphin at Sea World, wedging himself against the steering wheel and placing his face against the glass. Peck’s hair lifted around his head like a profane halo, his mouth open in a huge, sloppy ‘o’. He moved his flat palms around the glass in a gesture that reminded Case of a mime’s routine.
Case and Scores surfaced gasping.
“Dear God, he’s alive in there,” Scores said. “Let’s get him out. But look for Lily first.”
The men pulled back down below the water, positioning themselves on either side to look for Lily. When they didn’t find her, Case used the window knife and the glass fell out. He reached in and grabbed Peck’s fleshy arms. He pulled only to find himself being pulled in the opposite direction, into the flooded car. Peck leaned deeper into the interior his arms circling Case’s midsection in a lethal embrace. Scores came to the rescue and together they pulled Peck through the broken window and pushed him upward to the surface. The killer’s face was bloated with post mortem gases, its color a greenish gray. He broke away from them and gained his footing in the chest-high water. His arms scooped toward shore and he bounced in the water like a kid playing Marco Polo, his long legs pushing off the lake bottom as he moved away from his pursuers. At wading depth, the Sheriff entered the water and joined in. The three men herded Peck slowly toward the shore where they flung him down on the rocky surface.
Scores and the Sheriff held him down. Case knelt beside Peck but not to pray. Not just yet. “Where is she?” he demanded.
Scores lifted the corpse by its shirt collar and let it fall back onto the rough ground. “Where did you leave her?” Scores asked while the Sheriff waxed Miranda warning in the background.
Peck’s mouth opened and shut fish-like but no words came out except the beginnings of that unnatural turbine noise.
Case signed the cross, recited the prayers for the sick, finished with the St. Michael prayer then sank back shivering. Peck thrashed, his frame contracting until his putrescent flesh shifted on his bones and he lay still looking like some pale beached sea monster. The face collapsed like a fallen cake, puddling his eyes and sliding his lips onto his chin.
 “How could you bless him like that?” Scores asked.
“It’s my job,” Case said.
“I’m sorry I doubted you, about Peck being here.”
“That’s okay, Scores. I doubted myself.”
An hour later Case watched as the midnight blue SUV was pulled from the water by a wrecker. Water sheeted from the car doors. A search of the dripping car interior revealed a single emerald earring – a gift from Case to Lily on her last birthday – a gift she took to her grave.




CHAPTER 32
JOANIE AND SKAGGS


Case visited the Georgian Manor nursing home every Wednesday and Saturday except when someone was dying when he came anytime. He pulled up to the one story cinder block building. Two puny fiberglass columns were the only thing remotely Georgian about the place. Case walked through the dining room, stopping to talk to residents, sitting down with some, praying with others.
Although visiting the sick was part of his job, Case came partly in tribute to Lily. She had chosen to be a geriatric physician because she believed the end of life was every bit as important as the beginning and the middle. Her choice had puzzled some of their friends who wondered why she didn’t direct her talents to a more vibrant group of patients. She became an impassioned advocate and had in her short career fought to improve the quality of life of her patients and to end elder abuse.
Case always asked before he prayed for or with the residents of Georgian Manor. So far no one had said no. Tonight was music night and an accordion player wheezed out an assortment of polka tunes. Next a violinist delivered a skittering version of Gather by the River. As the hymn played, several residents wheeled themselves away, the tunes too evocative for their tired hearts to bear. Case dealt with the emotional impact of music better than he had right after Lily died, but his eyes teared at the next one – Amazing Grace – powerful even when badly performed.
Case sat down beside Joanie, a soft voiced former florist with some kind of palsy and Mr. Skaggs, a former petroleum geologist with a dry sense of humor who ate all his foods with bare hands. Joanie and Skaggs had formed an end of life bond.
Joanie turned her head toward the nearest staff. “Why can’t they just let us lie down together and hold each other. We’re too old to do anything.”
“They don’t mind if you hold hands, do they?” Case asked.
Joanie smiled and took Skaggs hand gently in her own despite the mashed potatoes. Skaggs, who had been given someone else’s medicine that particular night in error and was the better for it, leaned toward Case. “I am finding this second childhood not so enjoyable as the first,” he said.
Case smiled and rescued Mr.Skagg’s plate from the abyss. “Can I say a prayer?” he asked.
“Make it a short one,” Skaggs said. “I’m agnostic.”
“How about a Glory Be?” Case suggested.
“A perfect choice.”
Case moved on to the next table and blinked in disbelief to find Scores headed his way from across the room. “Did you find her?”
“No.”
“Seeing you in a nursing home on a Saturday night is unexpected to say the least.”
“Got the autopsy on Peck,” he said. “He drowned, which is no surprise. Skid marks near where the car went in. I think he just got lost. I want to talk about what’s next.”
“I’ll get us some coffee,” Case said.
“Oh, not here. I was gonna wait in the….I was gonna wait in the car.”
“No sit down. I’ll get the coffee. I need to finish up here.”
An ancient woman in a geriatric chair was served a melamine plate containing three pureed scoops—one white, one gray and one green. Brown gravy covered everything.
Case transported a gray spoonful to the woman who moved it slowly about her mouth until it was gone. Supremely patient, he repeated the process several times. On the sixth bite, the woman took the utensil from him. She laboriously retrieved a spoonful on her own, lifted it with shaking hands, then maneuvered it toward Case’s mouth instead of her own.
“Oh, Jeez,” Scores said under his breath as Case accepted the puree from the trembling hand.
On the far side of the dining room, a frail woman toppled out of her wheelchair, the pinned on alarm wailing as it separated from her clothing. An aide rushed to her side and Case joined her. Case picked the woman up. “Where’s her bed?” he asked.
Scores followed along. “I’ll call the ambulance,” he offered.
By then Case had laid the woman on her bed. He took the nurse’s stethoscope and turned the woman on her side to clear her airway. “She’s not breathing. Her heart will stop soon. Does she have a DNR?”
The nurse said she did.
“Religion?”
“Assembly of God.”
“Call her minister and call her family.”
Case stroked the woman’s forehead and covered her gently with a blanket then dropped to his knees on the sticky vinyl floor and prayed.
Scores was pacing and waving his arms. “Take your time. Say a whole mass. I’m calling an ambulance.”
“Sure, Scores. But tell them to kill the siren. She’s already home.”
Score fled the room looking pale. Case followed him out into the hallway where Scores was bent over hands on knees trying to get a breath.
“Jesus,” Scores said. “Jesus, Mary and Joseph and all the saints. I’ve seen the worst, but in there, that spooked me. You can’t just stand around looking saintly when someone’s dying. You’re an MD, you shoulda done something.” 
“Death wasn’t her enemy, Scores. She couldn’t be saved or I would have tried. I suspect pulmonary collapse – there was no fixing it in her condition. It’s all ok. God is here.”
“Oh. I’m glad you told me. ‘Cause right now I feel like finding a ship and jumping off the poop deck.”
The two friends looked at each other.
“What’s next?” Scores asked. “I don’t know where else to look. I have a job to do back home.”
“I need you here Scores.”
 “Your sense of entitlement gets me down sometimes,” he said. “But I’m at your almighty disposal.”
As Case and Scores stood talking a woman in a wheelchair pulled close. She was sweet faced and held a grubby baby doll in her arms. “You’ll pay,” she said stopping directly in front of Case and looking up at him with a sly smile.
Case bent down to her. “What do you mean?” He asked.
“You’ll pay. Oh, you’ll see. You’ll see.”
Case looked into the woman’s eyes. They swirled.
“You let her go,” Case commanded the Devil, then prayed over the woman while Scores, appearing thoroughly spooked, sagged against the wheelchair rail.



CHAPTER 33
SAVING EFFIE 
1964


Father Ryan Quinn and Father John Magri stood in the spacious Goddard kitchen talking in low tones. A petite part Osage woman entered the kitchen accompanied by a tall white man. He kept his hand gently on her shoulder. “We’re ready,” she said, taking the hand of her husband.
Father Magri cleared his throat. “Mr. and Mrs. Goddard, I recommend that you stay in the bunkhouse. This is a difficult process. You will want to intercede and for Effie’s sake you must not.”
Wasie Goddard nodded. “We trust you to care for our child. We will be nearby, praying for her and for everyone in that room.”
Ranch hand Noah Kennedy had been chosen for his strength and because he was a devout Catholic. He would help the priests physically control the child. A local doctor and a private nurse would also be present.
Effie Goddard was propped on pillows. She was a pretty, if thin girl, just on the brink of adolescence. Her hair looked washed and freshly combed and she wore an immaculate cotton nightgown. From the stacks of linens on the bedside table, Father Quinn suspected keeping her this clean, even briefly, was a struggle. The room had been cleared of breakables, the bureau mirror removed.
Although the walls had been scrubbed, stains, perhaps food, perhaps something fouler discolored the walls. The wood floor showed the pattern of an oval rug, recently removed. As the priests entered, Effie’s eyes did not follow their movements. From the gentle rhythm of her breathing, she could have been asleep if not for her wakeful eyes. Father Quinn looked at the doctor.
“I asked that she not be drugged.”
“She isn’t,” the doctor said.
“How long has she been calm?”
“The last two, three hours.”
“Tell me not in mournful numbers,” Effie said quoting a little Longfellow before spitting with remarkable accuracy at her visitors.
Father Quinn approached the girl. “Effie, it’s Father Quinn. I’ve brought Father Magri to see you.”
The girl didn’t respond, but her head lifted slightly and her nostrils flared as if she were catching a scent. She looked directly at the two priests. The voice was guttural. “Say Mass in the morning, screw the servant girl in the afternoon. Who’s the Father now?”
Audible gasps escaped from the nurse and the doctor. Noah Kennedy squeezed his eyes shut as if wishing himself away from the room. Father Magri and Father Quinn continued the process. “Let us pray,” Magri said.
Effie was panting now in a salacious manner as if rehearsing for some obscene acting part. A nauseating smell of corruption rolled through the room. Father Quinn rushed to open the windows, the spring air rippling the curtains.
Effie sat upright and stretched out her arms palms upward. Her fingers beckoned, her voice cajoled. “Come to me,” she said. “Come to me.” Black shapes entered through the window, swooped toward the bed and lighted on Effie’s outstretched arms. As the observers moved toward the girl, it was apparent that the shapes were crows with rotting bodies, ant-eaten eyes and rigored talons. Effie smiled affectionately at one bird-laden arm, then the other. “Pretty birds. Pretty birds,” she cooed.
Father Quinn tried to pluck a crow away from Effie’s arm, but the bird held fast, cawing and pecking at the priest. He gained purchase on the bird’s back, but the carcass collapsed in his hand like an overripe piece of fruit, swinging to an upside down position, its claws still attached to the girl. The doctor fetched a scalpel from his bag and sliced through each bird’s legs leaving the talons hanging on the girl like bracelets. The flopping birds lay on the wood floor until the priests gathered them up, hurled them outside and fastened the windows against them. They returned throwing their bodies against the wood over and over again until they were pounded into a mash and lacked the volume to continue the attack.
The priests resumed the ritual as two mangled rats, still wearing their death traps clattered across the floor and a rush of crushed but reanimated insects poured from the baseboards.
Effie seemed stimulated anew and swung her legs over the bed to greet her foul familiars. The men and the nurse went into action stamping at the insects. Noah Kennedy tossed the rat traps into the closet and slammed the door against them.
The doctor nodded at Noah Kennedy, then at the priests. The four men approached Effie with padded leather restraints. Magri pushed her back against the pillows and while Noah and Quinn held her arms, the doctor attached the restraints to her wrists and legs. She did not resist, instead waiting until Quinn leaned over her to make a final adjustment of a wrist strap to lunge and bite his wrist. He cried out in pain, wells of dark blood forming in the livid indentations left by her teeth. He staggered backward, the doctor rushing for antiseptic and a bandage.
The priests composed themselves and approached the girl.
Effie watched them calmly. “Can’t we all just get along?” she asked in a sweet voice.
The priests ignored her. The girl began to writhe on the bed, pulling at her restraints, grimacing.
The doctor responded to a scratching sound and cautiously opened the bedroom door. A large calico cat entered the room, its fur matted, its sides strangely sunken, its gait stiff.
As it drew closer to the bed, the observers noted the animal’s milky glazed eyes and the smell, sweet heaven, the smell.
“Good kitty,” Effie murmured. “Good kitty.”
Noah Kennedy tried to remove the cat, but the animal hissed and clawed him away then curled up on the girl’s chest its mouth gaping open, an unnatural purr coming out.
 “Oh, lord,” Noah Kennedy said. “That’s her Oliver. He got runned over and I buried him three days ago.”
“Let her have the dead cat, but we will brook no further distractions,” Father Magri said before beginning the ritual to drive the Devil out of the child.

Before I formed thee in the womb, I knew thee. Jerimiah 1:5


CHAPTER 34
SINS OF THE FATHER


Case heard the creak of the postbox lid. He didn’t get up. There was no point. Mrs. Glascow always beat him to his own mail. She brought him a small padded envelope and paused while he looked at it. It looked vaguely mysterious to Case. No return address – made out to Father Case Terhune in block felt-tip letters, postmarked Hearken.
“Thank you Mrs. Glascow,” he said, placing the package on a metal TV tray with a bougainvillea motif as if the package was of no consequence and he planned to open it some other time. Mrs. Glascow pursed her lips and withdrew.
As soon as the door closed behind her, Case snatched the package off the tray. He turned it over in his hands. Could it be Kasinskied? Not likely, he decided and gingerly opened the package. A small old time tape slid out. It looked ancient. A sticky label was affixed to its surface, but it was blank. How in the Hell was he going to play that? Then, thinking of the still functional percolator, he went to look for Mrs. Glascow. Within 30 minutes Case was listening to the tape on a pristine reel to reel tape recorder pulled from some niche in the rectory attic.
Everything on the tape astonished him. 
He picked up the phone and called Noah Kennedy. An hour after that he sat in the old man’s shotgun house, calling in his rain check on a cup of Nescafe. “Did you send me the tape?”
“Mr. Kennedy tapped his ear. “I did. How did you know it was me?”
“There were only a few people who could have taped the exorcism.”
“I didn’t tape it,” Kennedy said. 
“But you must have wanted me to hear it.”
“Part of me do – part of me don’t.”
“Did one of the priests in that room father a child?”
“Appear so.”
“Which priest.”
“Quinn.”
“Do you know that for sure?”
Mr. Kennedy sighed and clasped and unclasped his hands. “Magri was too old. Besides his parish was in Oklahoma City.”
“Mr. Kennedy I need you to tell me everything you know.”
The old man sighed again. “The truth hurts,” he said.
Case nodded in agreement. “Bad things are happening in Hearken and not for the first time.”
“The mama worked at the Ranch. She was jes’ 19.”
“Was the baby conceived at the Ranch?” Case asked. 
“Don’t know where exactly, being that I didn’t see the actual event, but I saw her ride by in Quinn’s black Nash Rambler once down by the river. They weren’t headed for anyplace they should have been headed. I seen the car pull into a stand of trees. Never tole no one I seen that. That’s all I know ‘bout how it happened or where.”
“Who made the tape?”
“Wasie did. Then she give it to me to keep.”
“Why did Wasie want it kept?”
 “I don’t know for sure. But I think it was in case Father Quinn did wrong again.” 
“So she covered up for him?”
“In a way, she did. But I suspect it was Wasie who got him sent away and Wasie who told him she’d be watching – and to stay away from the young girls. But Wasie was beholden to Quinn for saving Effie and I think she believed he was sorry for what he done.”
“You think Quinn knew she had a tape.”
“I suspect so.”
“What about the doctor and nurse who were present. Wouldn’t they have talked.”
“There was so many foul things said in that room. Some true. Some maybe not. Doubt they thought much of it.”
“Wasie was wrong to cover it up.”
“We was all wrong.”
“What about the child? Did the child survive?”
“Oh, he survived alright.”
Case shifted on the sofa and the brittle old Naughahyde crackled under his weight. “What was the child’s name?”
“Holman Blue.”
The name meant nothing to Case.
“I have a picture of him, “Mr. Kennedy said. The old man withdrew a newspaper clipping from a cigar box on a nearby table. Local Man Charged in Bar Assault. It showed a tall, gangly man standing in front of a courthouse wearing an oddly cut suit. The suit lacked its distinctive tatters, but it was the same suit. Case’s eyes widened. He recognized him at once. It was the figure he had glimpsed at the cemetery that night – it was Shaggy Man.
“That him,” Mr. Kennedy said, tapping the newsprint. “That the baby all growed up. He went bad early on.”
“Mr. Kennedy, when I first visited the Goddard ranch, I got lost in the cemetery. I caught a glimpse of this man that night – I’m sure of it.”
“Oh, I don’t think so, Father. He’s out to the cemetery all right, being he’s dead and buried.”
Case heart raced. “Do you know the date of his death.”
Mr. Kennedy reopened the cigar box. “Here’s his notice,” the old man said handing a miniscule square of newsprint to Case.
He read it twice. Holman Blue died three days before he saw him in the cemetery. Case struggled to remain composed. “Well what can you tell me about him when he wasn’t dead?”
“He was born troubled.” Mr. Kennedy said.
“Do you think Quinn knew about the child?”
“Can’t say if she told him or not. She never told nobody else that I knows of. He sinned against that girl and against God.”
“What makes you so sure he was Quinn’s son?”
“Cause he had a club foot just like his papa and them things run in the family. But Holman got his fixed down to the hospital in Oklahoma City. I suspect the Shriners paid for it.”
“Mother living?”
“No, she die way back in the 80’s.”
“How did she die?”
“Discouraged liver I imagine. She weren’t no Harriet Nelson, but the boy, he was just plain evil.”
“One more thing, Mr. Kennedy. The Mercury Cruiser. Was it a gift to silence you?”
“No. It was just her way of saying thank you. She never asked me to keep any secrets. Sometimes folk just do something nice, Father.”
Case apologized for his cynicism. “But why did you keep Quinn’s secret?”
“’Cause I weren’t for sure and there weren’t nothing to gain anyhow. Father Quinn left before that year ended. A poor black ranch hand wouldn’t have gotten far in those days, accusing a priest. I missed the worst of the lynching times, but those days weren’t so long past in the ‘60s.”
 “Holman didn’t have much of a chance in life, did he?”
“No, but he weren’t the only one in Hearken who got off to a hard start. I think he jumped right in to the Devil’s swimming hole of his own doin’.”
“Do you think he knew Quinn was his father?”
“I doubt it. He was just two when they fixed his foot so he wouldn’t remember it.”
 “I just wonder if he ever knew love.”
“Maybe his Mama loved him much as she could, being she probably didn’t get none herself.”
“Mr. Kennedy. How long has it been since you listened to the tape?”
The old man tapped his hearing aid. “I ain’t never listened to that tape.”
“You don’t remember Effie saying my name during the Exorcism do you?”
“Father Terhune, how old are you?”
“Thirty-five,” Case said.
“You wasn’t anywhere near born back t		hen.”
“I know. But it’s on the tape—near the end.”
“If I would have heard your name then, it wouldn’t have meant nothing to me. But I don’t recall it. I think you’re mistaking what you hear.”
“Maybe I am.” Case thanked Mr. Kennedy and left. As he drove back to the rectory, he knew he would listen to the tape again and again and again and get no closer to understanding.
He’d already memorized the last words recorded at the Goddard Ranch in 1964: You won’t save her in the end or her daughter either, though you and Terhune will think you have.
The Devil had called him out by name a decade and a half before he was even born. “Before you were formed in the womb, I knew thee,” Case thought, wondering if Jerimiah 1:5 could be claimed by the Devil as well as God.



CHAPTER 35
RED TAPE


The hospital administrator sounded life-weary, his voice cottony on the other end of the line and empty as a squeezed out toothpaste tube.
“Father Terhune, I’ve received an unusual and urgent request to release payment information regarding a 1960s surgery. This may surprise you Father, but not all hospitals are Catholic and this facility doesn’t answer to the Bishop. I myself am a Presbyterian. But in the ecumenical spirit, I’ve decided to cooperate.”
“That’s extremely gracious of you.”
“There are, however, HIPPA considerations.”
“The patient is dead.”
“I’m sorry to hear that. I hope his improved mobility benefited him.”
“Oh. It does – I mean it did.”
“Finding this record took two days. It’s all archived you know. My records clerk is still wheezing.”
“I deeply appreciate the effort.”
“Let me see. The bill for repair of a club foot was paid by cash donation.”
“From?”
“Mmmmmm. There’s a penciled note. Very faint.”
Case repositioned the phone on his ear while he paced, his breathing quickening and growing audible.
“Are you all right, Father?”
“I have a bit of asthma, myself,” he said.
“Ah. Let me see if I can decipher it.” 
Case could tell the man was put out by the request and in no hurry to make the reveal.
“The name seems to be Ryan Quinn and the bill was paid in full in cash.”
The breath escaped from Case as an inadvertent sigh that was almost a gasp. “Thank you sir.”
“You are welcome, Father. But please remember that I am not likely to grant another such request.”
Case doubted he would need 1960s orthopedic records to confirm paternity again anytime soon, but he told the man he understood and repeated his thanks.



CHAPTER 36
RECKONING


Father Quinn signed the checkout sheet in slow looping script, then turned to look at Case. “My estimated return?”
“Leave it open. You can check in by phone.”
Quinn finished the sign out and nodded to the lady at the front desk.
“Have a good time Father,” she said.
Quinn looked at Case and Case, knowing he couldn’t hide his judgment eyes, averted them. The old priest settled into the front seat. “I gather things in Hearken have worsened.”
“Very much so.”
“Sophia?”
“Sophia is besieged, but there’s more.” Case squeezed the steering wheel.
“More?”
“He’s animating the dead.”
“Animating? What do you mean?”
“Dead people. He’s making them alive again or at least undead.”
Father Quinn’s breathing became even more labored than usual. “It’s not possible,” he said.
“Perhaps not, but it’s happening. I’ve been investigating one of the dead locals. When he was a little boy, he had a club foot.” 
Quinn crumpled visibly in his seat and turned his face to the passenger window. “Enough,” he said. “I know the rest. My crime is more than half a century old. What can I do to change it now? Surely you’re not here to bring me to justice. God will do that soon enough.”
“I’m trying to understand.”
“What happened between us was mutual, there was no coercion.”
Case shook his head. “You were the one in the position of trust.”
“I know that. Never a day passes that I don’t think of it. I fixed his foot. I slipped money to his mother. I moved from Hearken. What do you think I should have done? Marry her? Disgrace my family. Give up my vows?”
“You broke your vows, when you abandoned that woman and child.”
“I have never broken them again.”
“That didn’t do much for your son or his mother. You met her at the Goddard Ranch?”
“Yes. That evil house. She was 19 and a pretty girl. One time. It was one time only.”
“So you blame the house?” Even as Case indicted Quinn, he remembered his own weakness – how easily he could have committed a mortal rather than a venial sin inside its walls. His voice softened if not to compassion at least to a more clinical tone.
“Was there blackmail?”
“No. Nothing like that. She was not bright – which I know makes my sin all the worse.” 
“She must have known the club foot was genetic.”
“I doubt it. She knew I limped but she never saw my foot. She never saw me out of my shoes.”
Sounds romantic, Case thought, sparing Quinn the full force of his judgment eyes and subjecting the road to them instead.
“Did she know you paid for the surgery?”
“No. I told the hospital to record it as an anonymous donation.”
“They certainly honored that wish,” Case said. “Your name is still prominently attached to the file.”
For the first time in their exchange, Quinn showed anger. “Oh, so you’re a detective as well as a doctor and a priest?”
 By the time the men entered the home stretch to Hearken, a brittle silence had fallen between them. It wasn’t until the car turned onto the brick main street that the old priest spoke again. “How did you find out?”
“Noah Kennedy sent me a tape of Effie’s exorcism.”
“Oh, that,” he said, his tone defeated and weak. “I wondered where it was all these years. I know you can’t understand a life of few choices, Case. But the priesthood wasn’t one of many career options for me. It was my only option. I had nowhere else to go. I’ve spent my life regretting my mistake and praying over it.”
“You were never sorry enough to acknowledge your mistake,” Case said, his voice cold.
A dry sob escaped the old man. “I can’t go back and have the courage I should have had. Perhaps, my confessions have all been false. But I have asked God for forgiveness every day. Do you think I’m unsalvageable, Father Terhune?” 
Christ took his heart and Case was instantly stunned and ashamed by his own harshness. “No. God forgive me for my cruelty.”
“Will you hear my confession?”
“Yes, of course.”
“Father, it has been 50 years since my last true confession. I impregnated a young girl and abandoned her and our child.”
“Make an act of contrition. Your sins are forgiven,” Case said just as the car passed the Flycatcher Bar, one of Holman Blue’s favorite haunts.
Case steered with his left hand and signed the cross. “Father Quinn, do you remember hearing my name was spoken on that tape?”
“Your name?”
“Yes. Mine.”
Quinn turned hard left in his shoulder harness to look at Case. “That’s not possible. You weren’t born.”
“	 wouldn’t have meant anything to you then. But at the end of the tape, Effie says, You won’t save her in the end or her daughter either, though you and Terhune will think you have. Do you remember anything like that?”
“Case. I never heard the tape.”
“But you were there.”
“It was a chaotic scene. Many things were said. I do not remember that specifically.”
Case sighed. “Do you think Effie was lost in the end, Father Quinn?”
“She was God’s child. That’s for him to decide. I know she loved God once. I hope that was enough.”
“Me too,” Case said.
“What do you want of me in Hearken?”
“I may need your help sending the Devil back to Hell.”





CHAPTER 37
ESCALATION


It was just past 3 a.m., the hour of losses. Case was sitting on the edge of his bed when the call came, having had one of his frequent early morning startle-awakes.
Sheriff Martin said he was at the cemetery and the earth was shaking and graves were opening up. He told Case to bring his priest gadgets and get out there.
Case called Scores, pulled on his clothes, filled his valise and his pockets with the tools of his trade and pounded down the stairs his hands holding the sides of the stairwell, his feet airborne.
“What?” Father Quinn asked, startled from his sleep in the blue recliner as Case made his way to the front door.
“Nothing,” Case said. “Someone needs a priest. I’ll be back later.” He pulled up to the Meadowlark Motel. Scores was standing in the parking lot, smoking an electronic cigarette. Paula was beside him, gesticulating wildly, grabbing Scores by the arms, then alternately pushing him away and pulling him toward her. Scores moved to the car and opened the passenger door, gently removing Paula’s hands from his arms.
“Stay here,” he told her.
“Don’t you tell me what to do,” she shouted.
Case watched dumbfounded. He knew Paula and Scores joked around at breakfast, but who would have thought?
“Paula, you could get hurt,” Scores said, his tone reasonable.
“And you couldn’t?”
“I won’t get hurt. Paula, I can’t take you. It’s police business.”
Paula leaned down to the window and looked at Case. “Father Terhune. I want you to let me in the car.”
“Scores is right. It’s police business.”
Paula’s eyes sparked. “You’re a priest. How come you get to go?”
“Because I might have to administer a sacrament,” Case said.
“That’s a good one,” she said. “Men always have a reason for leaving women out of things don’t they?” She crossed her arms and stomped back toward the motel.
Case was startled. It was a spirited side of Paula he hadn’t seen and he had to admit to himself that she had a point. Her safety came first, however, and he would not change his mind.
Scores climbed into the front seat and jerked the shoulder harness into place. He met Case’s hard stare and thumped the dashboard. “You know, Case. I’d go back in time and never meet you just to miss that sanctimonious look on your face.”
“Later,” Case said, giving Scores his full judgment eyes, then started up the old Honda and headed for the cemetery. The road was blocked leading in and Deputy Claude let them through. The cemetery was as dark as the backdrop on a velvet Elvis painting. Case turned his headlights off and waited uncertain how to find the Sheriff. As he peered through the windshield a thump on his side window made him gasp. The Sheriff held a finger to his lips. Case heard a slow rumble, too long and too deep to be thunder.
“What the –” Scores said. The crucifix on the rear view mirror began to tremble slightly, then began to move back and forth like a child’s swing gaining momentum.
The sheriff switched on a powerful flashlight beam and led Case and Scores toward a stand of persimmon trees. “I have all the entries blocked,” the sheriff said.
Up on the hill, Case could see a few lights from the Goddard house. “What’s going on here?”
“Something unholy,” the Sheriff said. “We’ve got open graves and missing bodies.”
Scores made a display of sliding back the bolt on his sidearm. “Well, then somebody dug them up. I can show you how to shoot one of these,” he told Case.
“No. That’s ok.”
At their feet, ridges of earth were forming, looking at first like something giant moles might leave in their wake. The mounds formed lines leading toward or away from tombstones, the earth over the graves cracked like muffin tops. Not even the intact graves were quiet as if the coffins within were thumping and rocking, trying to get out. From the persimmon grove that separated the cemetery east to west they could hear sounds that spoke of even darker things.
Case looked up to see Wasie’s angel broken on the ground. No, not her, Case thought, seeing with relief that the mound of earth over the grave appeared undisturbed. Within the grove, the trees shook and white persimmon blossoms floated down like snowflakes. Case approached and entered the dense stand of trees. Scores followed him in. Inside was a blur of colors and movement. The air was redolent with the smell of earth and decay.
The men’s flashlights swung wildly under the canopy of trees creating a show that reminded Case of college dorm parties and dancing to black light. Dim figures that looked like a post-mortem cast of Our Town stumbled about 	in the trees, bumping into the living and emitting a turbine roar. The movements became more purposeful and hands began to clutch and pull closer to the living men. “Let go of me you bloody special effect,” Scores shouted.
Case found his friend’s arm and yelled over the chaos. “I need to pray,” he said.
“I need to get a clear shot,” Scores said. “You can’t kill something that’s already dead,” Case countered.
Father Terhune dropped to his knees and recited the St. Michael Prayer while Scores did his best to stave off the attentions of the dead. “What prayers to you remember?”
“Hail Mary,” Scores said.
“Then say it,” Case said.
The unmistakably human figures within the grove coalesced into a direction, off into the deeper woods that connected to the stand of persimmon trees. The quaking stopped abruptly, leaving the cemetery preternaturally still.
Scores and the Sheriff moved through the cemetery counting the empty graves.



CHAPTER 38
THE MISSING AND UNDEAD


During the next 48 hours, four of the twelve missing dead were recovered. The bodies were found scattered about the woods as if they had dropped in their tracks. Each was collapsed like a punctured balloon, with loosened skin and sliding facial features. Case and Scores stood in the back room of the Comfort Café looking at a white easel board. Photos were pinned to the board, names highlighted in pink marker. Sheriff Martin and his deputies searched on.
Scores tapped on the board with a yellow pencil. “We started with 12 missing dead, if you count Lily.”
“Twelve? Disciples?”
“Or a jury or a volleyball team or a football team minus one. Case,	 you see religious significance in everything.”
“Fair enough. Are you still holding to the tomb robber theory?” Case asked his friend.
“Hard to after that graveyard line dance,” Scores said. “I admit this has got me spooked. Now we’re down to eight missing. I imagine we’ll find them all. Looks like they don’t hold up for long. Wonder what the common denominator is. Why didn’t the whole cemetery take off?”
“They all died recently. Except Lily.”
Scores made a ticking noise with his tongue. “Eight men, four women, all ages, except no kids. I have a bio on each of them from their obits and from talking to Sheriff Martin. All from the Hearken cemetery – except Lily of course.”
Scores took his pencil and began marking through the photos of the retrieved bodies. “Let’s look at who’s left. Got two drunks, two merchants, a couple of farmers, a housewife, and Lily. There’s just one who had a real bad reputation,” he said, tapping on a photo of a tall man in a suit. “His name’s Holman Blue. One of the drunks. In and out of trouble most of his life. Apparently no one wanted to give him a funeral – particularly not his loved ones. He was off in the charity burials. The other drunk knew him and was a charity burial too.”
“I know that man,” Case said. “I saw him walking around in the Hearken Cemetery three days after he died.”
Scores threw up his hands. “How can a detective work a case like this?”
“Those figures in the persimmon grove were our missing bodies. I think you know it.”
“Ok. Say there were. But making zombies, what’s the point?”
“I think it’s a show of power. He’s obsessed with Christ’s ability to resurrect the dead. He thinks it makes him Christ’s equal.” 
“What’s his end game?”
“I think he wants to manifest fully in this dimension. Right now he interacts through subversion and now animation. Enough power and he may walk among us in his true form.”
“Then what?”
“Revelations is a tough read. But only God knows.”
Paula brought them coffee and sandwiches then withdrew, but not before giving Scores an impulsive, but solid kiss on the mouth.
“Maybe it’s time we had that talk,” Case said.
“My private life is none of your business,” Scores said, his voice tinged with male to male aggression.
“Paula is vulnerable. I don’t want her hurt.”
“Who appointed you her guardian?”
“She’s had a hardscrabble life and she’s still kind and good. She takes leftovers to the poor. She visits the nursing home. You’re going to go back to San Francisco and she’s going to be heartbroken. Pick on someone your own size, Scores.”
“I’m not picking on anybody. Paula’s a beautiful woman, Case. Are you so celibate you can’t see that. She’s got a beautiful heart too. Can’t it occur to you that I might care about her? Hey, we may not meet your Ivy League standards as a couple, but give us some credit.”
“I’m impressed by the finesse of your courtship so far, a few days and you’re sleeping with her at the Meadowlark Motel. I didn’t bring you here to misuse a lonely girl.”
“It’s not your business, but I have not slept with her. Can’t you believe people can be in the same room without having sex? Anyway, maybe she plans to misuse me. She’s a 30 year old woman not a juvenile. We’re not getting anywhere here on a lot of levels. I will not hurt her. Why don’t you trust me?”
Case looked at his friend. “I’m sorry, Scores. I think this cleric’s collar is making me too judgmental.”
“You think?” But the apology broke the ice and they exchanged a smile. “Let’s finish dinner and grab some sleep,” Scores said. “We’ll be back at it first thing. We need to get those folk back in the ground and end this thing.”
 Waiting for Scores to finish eating, Case flipped the pages of a newspaper too fast for actual reading. Just as he turned past the jump page, his brain registered a fragment of headline that made his eyes widen as he turned back to find the article.
Earthquake Damages Hearken Cemetery
An earthquake struck Hearken, Oklahoma Sunday toppling markers and breaking up the earth around several graves at the local cemetery. The quake which registered as a 3.5 on the Richter scale, was centered just north of Hearken according to the National Earthquake Information Center. “It’s heartbreaking to see those fine, old monuments fallen over,” Joe Crenshaw, Hearken Cemetery Manager, said. Repairs to the cemetery are underway. Oklahoma has a history of minor earthquakes.
He placed the newspaper under Scores’ eyes and let him read.
“Oh, I know about that. Sheriff told me all about it.”
“Did they send a reporter?” “Heck no. The guy heard something from a stringer and made a couple of calls. That’s it.”
“They have stringers in Hearken?” Case asked.
“Guess somebody has to keep an eye on the 4H rivalries,” Scores said.
“How did the stringer find out?”
“From a gravedigger who was called in to clean up after we left. By then there was nothing to see but earthquake damage. The shaking registered on the Richter Scale so that’s that. The reporter wasn’t very interested anyway.”
“I’d think he would have wanted to see the damage. After all, earthquake damage in Oklahoma is pretty much nonexistent.”
Scores waved a hand dismissively. “Well, this guy was no investigative reporter. I’m sure he gave his editor the column inches he asked him for.”
“I guess we lucked out then. If you call concealing the truth lucky. If this accelerates, there’s not going to be any hiding it.”
“Well, before you consider yourself lucky, Case, you might turn around and look at CNN. There’s a crawler running across the screen and it isn’t about the Miss Persimmon Festival.”
Case turned to the TV hanging on a rickety stand right over his head and watched intently. A crawler traveled across the bottom of the screen. “Gravestones Toppled in Oklahoma town, police say…” An ad came on. Case knew he would have to wait through a cycle of crawl before he saw the rest of that one. He tried MSNBC then FOX – nothing. Eventually as he paced in front of the screen, the crawler reappeared. Graves disturbed in Oklahoma town, police say no suspects in the vandalism.”
He waited for the full story, but there wasn’t one. Instead he listened through the drug relapse of a starlet whose name and face he did not recognize, the latest take on the deficit and a humorless humor piece about the multitude of yogurt choices.
He booted up his laptop and searched for grave desecrations, finding a few tersely worded local items about possible earthquakes and opened graves, but not a hint about reanimated humans. 
The nervous dead hadn’t crowded Justin Bieber out of the news but he found an article on a colorful if overwrought website listing Hearken as a hot spot for mini-earthquakes and toppled tombstones. A sidebar complete with a cartoon cockroach standing on its hind legs recounted stories about resilient smashed bugs, decapitated snakes and road kill. But down about the middle of the story, there was a shocking one-liner about abnormal motions among dead pets. As if, thought Case, there were some normal dead pet motions to hold up for comparison. 
The tabloid webpage had provided a quote from a local vet to the effect that the incidents were the result of premature burials.
“Obviously the animals were not dead – just moribund. Truly dead things do not come back to life.”
Case wished that were so.

*

When he returned to the rectory, Case called Rome, leading with the missing dead and Sophia’s deteriorating condition.
The Cardinal listened patiently to Case’s account, then sighed deeply enough for Case to hear the exhalation all the way from Rome.
“Father Terhune, aside from the flimsy internet accounts and the CNN crawler, is there a single legitimate or official report of this activity?”
“Not that I’ve found.”
“How do you explain that?”
“Because sometimes public officials are experts at not connecting dots. Or maybe someone else is looking at these incidents privately—just as we are.”
“This violation of natural law is unprecedented and there will be a great desire to discount it entirely. I, however, trust in your reports. I can make some inquiries. Meanwhile I advise you to continue your documentation of these events. I believe the woman’s condition justifies the ritual. However there is no way of knowing if cleansing the house or the entire town would end this. It may have started there, but it may not stop there.”
“What do you plan to do in the short run?”
“Contain it if we can. If not, help will be provided.”
“Well, the list of locals who know what’s going on is growing. It’s going to get around.”
Case gripped the phone. A trickle of sweat ran down his wrist. “Why would this be happening here?”
“The Devil is growing not only fat but strong.”
“But Your Eminence, evil has always been with us. Man endured the inquisition, Hitler, Stalin, and Pol Pot without the dead stirring.”
“Perhaps it is a lack of belief and a lack of fervent prayer that leaves us more vulnerable than ever before. Maybe the terrors of Revelations are nearer than we think. Perhaps the Devil has simply learned a new trick. You will be in the prayers of our contemplative orders and in mine Father Terhune.”
“But what should I do?”
“Pray.”
“I am praying.”
“Pray harder. God be with you.”
“And also with you,” Case said flatly and tossed the phone overhand onto the velour couch with a force unbecoming a cleric.



CHAPTER 39
THE CONVIVIAL DEAD


Shaggy Man poked at the abandoned campfire with a human long bone. The remaining undead formed a rough circle around him, faces turned toward him with vacant, filmy eyes. While Shaggy Man seemed purposeful, the rest appeared suspended, perhaps waiting for instructions.
The Devil observed his natural born general. Although the Devil knew Holman Blue had no conscious memory of his living crimes – no conscious memory of anything at all, the wife-beating, bar brawling, intimidator of children and small animals was well-suited for mayhem even if he didn’t remember any of it. At 20 he killed a man in a bar brawl and served three years for it. He had returned to Hearken unrepentant, subsisting on his marginal carpentry skills and bad whiskey until cigarettes took him. He’s been listening to me all his life, the Devil thought. He seems almost eager, on a subliminal level of course. Automaton or no, this one seemed to be taking a leadership role.
The Devil exhorted the Shaggy Man. It was time to strike a blow. The anticipation of violence soothed the Devil and restored him.
Shaggy Man waved the long bone in the air. The undead leaned toward him in unison.
Lily’s green funeral dress had developed several tears since her raising, but she managed to look graceful, even undead and perched on a sand stone outcropping in a black jack forest.
The Devil surveyed her. He particularly enjoyed his Lily marionette. She had been a great deal of work, requiring the enlistment of that buffoon Peck to transport her to Hearken. His continued inability to resurrect outside this backwater town infuriated him. Even after the transport to Hearken, the priest’s wife had been his most difficult resurrection to date – having been so long in the grave. So far, she had performed poorly. He was worried about her body language, however, and he was amused by his own pun. His inability to move her hands effectively to the throat of the priest confounded him. She had, however, continued to move at his command, even if at times she seemed reluctant or even defiant? Impossible. She had no volition, no consciousness.
At times he noted a reticence among a few others – a hanging back. Also impossible, he knew, since with a couple of exceptions their souls were – well, he couldn’t bring himself to say where, but they were decidedly gone, thanks to the Nazarene and his promises. But that was about to change. Resurrection was a magic trick he’d long envied. Now it was his. Enough evil done in his name by the living and the dead and he would walk the earth in his true form with no need for subtle persuasion. He had lost some recruits and was down to eight now. Some just didn’t hold together for long. No matter. Soon he’d have millions to choose from.
He moved Shaggy Man toward a nearby farm. Next, he lifted the late Bill Hill to his feet. In undeath, Bill’s shoulders retained their bar stool slump, his yellow skin a colorful indicator of the liver failure that recently killed him. He wore a rumpled wash and wear suit that was decidedly not modern fit. Bill soldiered up and followed Shaggy Man. The others followed haltingly at their animator’s command.



CHAPTER 40
HIGGINS FARM


The Higgins house had a wraparound porch and tall French living room windows. Responding to a small sound, Beth Higgins pulled aside a curtain. Her old friend, Margie Baker stood outside, tapping softly on the glass with a fingernail. Beth turned to Joe.
“It’s Margie,” she began pleasantly before the smile spoiled on her face. She let the curtain fall back on her recently deceased Canasta partner. Joe broke from Beth’s horrified gaze and moved toward another window where the late Bill Hill stood as upright as Bill’s hunched posture had ever allowed.
“Get my shotgun.” Beth bolted for the closet. More tapping at multiple windows now. The dead were filling up the porch. Tap tapping. Polite...but growing more insistent. Then glass broke and Shaggy Man stumbled through into the living room, cut, but bloodless and victorious.
“Kitchen,” Joe shouted and he and Beth ran out the back door. Once outside Joe turned and blasted the approaching forms spilling off the back porch, but although Margie Baker’s shoulder was blown clear off, she did not stop. None of them did.
The couple reached the quarter section planted in forage clover, heading for a band of trees that lined the barbed wire fence. Joe saw Beth tumble. He wheeled and covered her as best he could. The clover cushioned them, fragrant around them while their late Hearken neighbors towered above swinging bones and lifting rocks. Their beloved German shepherd, Chloe joined the fray, snapping, snarling, fighting for them. Joe looked at Shaggy Man. “I know you Holman Blue—you are a dead man.”
Shaggy Man, grinned, raising the leg bone over his head.
No. You are a dead man, the Devil thought just before Shaggy Man brought the bone down on Joe’s skull.
The attack lasted far beyond the couple’s mortal deaths. The puppet master behind Shaggy Man’s dead eyes finally broke him away with a grunt of satisfaction
Adequate for a first effort, the Devil thought. But the performance had not been even. Some of the undead had seemed hesitant although he did not see how that could be. The priest’s wife and Margie Baker had barely participated, although at the Devil’s command they had crowded around the fallen couple. In truth, they had not landed a single blow in his name.
Weak sisters, the Devil thought, using Shaggy Man’s fingers like pointed pistols to single out the two undead women.



CHAPTER 41
UNUSUAL SUSPECTS


Scores knocked on the rectory door at 9 p.m. just as Case had knelt to say his night prayers. From the detective’s expression, Case could tell something bad had happened.
 “What is it?” Case asked in a demanding tone.
“Couple of people murdered on a farm. Sheriff wants my assistance.”
With Case driving, the men pulled up the long driveway leading to the Higgins Farm and bumped over the cattle guard. Scores leapt from the car before the motor stopped.
Car headlights and lantern flashlights had been positioned to supplement Sherriff Martin’s meager supply of portable tripod lights.
“Hey, Sheriff, am I supposed to deduce the crime scene by the part of this ranch that’s not cordoned off?” Scores asked, waving at the yellow tape strewn about as haphazardly as a yard toilet papered by teens.
“It’s all crime scene,” the Sheriff said, his tone only mildly defensive.
“Where are the bodies?” Case asked.
“Out there,” the Sheriff said, pointing to a circle of yellow tape held up by stakes.
Case joined Scores. Pastor Roberts was already standing there, tears staining his face. Joe and his wife lay curled up together in the middle of a clover field. “I’ve known them all my life,” Pastor Roberts said, his voice breaking. “I’ve got to get the kids on the phone now and tell them.”
Case knelt in the clover and prayed.
Scores talked into a small recorder. “White male and white female, approximately--” he turned his head toward the Sheriff who provided the ages – “56 and 54 years old – respectively. Male appears to be shielding the female. Massive trauma to both skulls, defensive injuries to arms. Bone splinters on clothing that do not appear to be from the victims.”
Scores and Case moved onto the porch. Case watched Scores respectfully, taking his cues from the expert in this venue. “Mostly just don’t touch anything or step on anything,” he warned Case. The porch was littered with broken glass and mud, bits of field clover and strips of what appeared to be clothing. A cufflink and a twisted pair of wire framed eyeglasses lay on the plank wood flooring. A Sunday go to meeting white high heel pump lay on its side along with a man’s necktie.
“No blood on the glass,” Scores noted into his machine. On the unbroken panes were multiple handprints outlined against a film of mud. “Get these prints,” Scores yelled to the Sheriff, then began to count. “Jeez,” he said.
Inside, there was more broken glass, shoe prints, and overturned furniture as if a clumsy crowd had moved through. Scores bread crumbed the evidence out the kitchen door. A deputy had taped off the back porch too, with a smaller inset of tape outlining a mangled chunk of shoulder ending in a woman’s bloodless arm and hand.
Case and Scores exchanged glances. A hundred yards or so returned them to the two bodies. Along the way were miniature subset crime scenes all festooned with yellow tape.
A massive German shepherd found guarding the bodies and confined by a deputy to its dog run barked incessantly, the sound ringing off a nearby steel barn with a twang. The dog had an injured paw and a torn ear, injuries sustained while defending its humans.
Scores shook his head at four sticks driven into the ground, yellow tape wound about to form a rectangle. Nothing was apparent inside but a dog turd.



CHAPTER 42
SAME NIGHT
OSAGE INN


Four of the six rooms at the Osage Inn were booked that night. The proprietors, Becka and Sam Wheeler, were optimists. Open only a month, the Inn was booked for its first full house just that next week. For this weekend, Becka had planned every menu item, from Friday cocktails to Sunday brunch. Built just that year on the bluff overlooking Hearken Lake, the house ‘combines the best of 1920s charm and 21st century conveniences’ according its slick brochure.
It was a secluded spot. The driveway ran several hundred yards from the rear of the Inn to meet a dirt road that joined up with the two laner that wound about the lake before meeting the highway to Hearken. They owned 15 rugged lake view acres and they could just see a roof or two down below them. Becka and Sam, young retirees from Tulsa, had looked at some of the oil boom houses. The only ones available required massive overhauls. Of course, Becka’s dream B&B would have been the Goddard Ranch and she was keeping a close eye on its eventual sale. So in the meantime she built a replica 1920’s Victorian and set out to make people want to come there.
It hadn’t been easy. But the Osage Inn offered one of the most peaceful and private lake views in the area coupled with gourmet food and fine wine. Word of mouth and some smart advertising had been effective. Lying in bed at the end of a successful evening, Sam channel surfed while Becka read. Around them the house was quieting, well fed guests slipping off on their luxury beds into pleasant dreams, looking forward to the lavish brunch awaiting them Sunday morning. Sam paused on a Tulsa news channel and gave a low whistle.
“Hey, that’s Sheriff Martin talking.”
“Mmmm,” said Becka not looking up from her latest rereading of Eat, Pray Live.
“Becka, listen.”
Sheriff Martin unfolded a single sheet of paper and began to read:
In the last few weeks, we’ve received reports of ground disturbances at the Hearken Cemetery. Markers were broken and overturned and large cracks appeared in the surface. The most recent and most severe of these disturbances was felt throughout Hearken and left cracks large enough to expose coffins at the cemetery and break some glass around town. This disturbance centered around the cemetery and the Goddard Ranch and stretches out concentrically from there for about two miles. These disturbances registered 4 on the Richter Scale Geological Survey Center. Because of safety concerns, we have cordoned off the cemetery and the Goddard Ranch. The water supply has been tested and is safe. Let me repeat. The water supply is safe. Area residents are asked to avoid the area and use caution if they witness strange animal or human behaviors. I have asked for assistance from four neighboring towns in securing these areas and keeping the public safe.
A member of the Town Council raised his hand. “Why are you calling these things disturbances and not earthquakes?”
“Well, the earth is quaking, so I guess I can call them earthquakes.”
“What about fracking, Sheriff?”
“What about it, Ed?”
“Could fracking be causing it?”
“Don’t know, Ed. Don’t know what causes it.”
“Nothing strange going on here,” Sam said, although just that week a cat had walked onto the porch three days after it had died and he had buried it.
“Something wrong with the water?” Becka asked, thinking of the impact on tomorrow’s brunch.
“No, hon. He said there isn’t anything wrong with the water.”
“Oh, good,” she said, looking back at her book.
“Damn. They’re trying to blame it on fracking.” Sam a retired petroleum geologist well-versed on the fracturing of shale formations to extract gas, made a derisive sound.
 Becka finally closed her book. “Trying to blame what on fracking?”	
“Oh, you know. Earthquakes and such. Nobody really believes that.”
“I haven’t felt any earthquakes.”
“Neither have I. But there’s been some kind of shifting out at the cemetery – near the Goddard Ranch. It toppled some of those marble monuments from the 20s.”
“Oh, that’s awful,” Becka said. She had visited the Hearken cemetery to take rubbings and loved the extravagant marble tombs.
“This makes no sense,” Sam said. “They’ve cordoned off the cemetery and the Goddard 640 and more. Sheriff says to avoid suspicious activity or people behaving strangely. How could an earthquake cause suspicious activity. Looting maybe? Sounds more like vandalism to me.”
Becka closed her book and pulled the lamp chain. “Well, you better set the alarm.”
“Can’t until I’m sure none of our guests are strolling around the lake. But I will when I’m sure everybody’s in.”
Becka patted his arm. “Well don’t fall asleep and forget.”

*

Room 2 guests Carol and Greg Sloan were enjoying the spring night on the Home Team Deck, one of four themed decks, built onto the bluff, accessible from the Inn by long graduated steel stairwells built into the rock. Down below they could see a few lights from fishing boats and a couple more from houses hugging the shoreline. Solar lamps illuminated the expansive redwood deck. Greg was smoking a cherry scented cigar that even the vast open air couldn’t quite neutralize. They’d brought a basket complete with martini shaker and olives. Carol occupied a bright orange Adirondack chair, painted in the Day-Glo colors of her alma mater’s football team, Greg beside her in a red chair, representing his alma mater and the couple’s ongoing sports rivalry.
“God it’s beautiful out here,” Greg said, taking a wet smacky puff.
“It’s 11 o’clock. Getting sleepy?” Carol asked.
“Almost,” Greg said. “Almost.”
Behind them Shaggy Man and Bill Hill moved down the metal stairway, silent as death.
On the redwood deck, Greg Sloan ground out his cigar, stood and did a full body stretch.
“Okay. I’m ready,” he said.
Carol rose from her chair and sighed. “Bed sounds great.”
Shaggy Man crossed the deck and launched Carol effortlessly over the railing. Greg heard nothing until his wife was already mid-air and cascading to her death. “Ahhhh,” was all Carol had to say during the 400’ fall onto the sandstone outcroppings below.
Greg wheeled to face his attackers. “What part of conceal and carry don’t you understand,” he said through gritted teeth.”
Shaggy Man and Bill Hill advanced undeterred. Bill was in extreme state of dishabille – even for him, having taken a shotgun blast to his chest during the Higgins Farm attack. Now he took bullets again, dancing backwards at each strike. Greg shook his head disbelieving, his nostrils filling with the fusty smell of decay. He’d emptied his Glock into the shorter man and he was still on his feet. Grotesque speculations formed in Greg’s mind as he scrambled up the stairway, arm over arm pulling upward on the rails. Shaggy Man grabbed a boot which came off in his hands. Greg almost made it.
Bill Hill pulled him down and straddled him, holding a large decorative rock bearing a team logo. Greg saw a porthole where the man’s heart should be – and through it the other one waiting his turn. The strike, like all things Bill Hill, was ineffectual. Disgusted, Shaggy Man pulled Bill aside.

*

Touchdown, the Devil thought as Shaggy Man grabbed the rock from Bill and crushed Greg’s skull with a single, artful blow.

*

Back at the Inn, Becka was asleep. Sam dozing. Something was making him startle awake at intervals. Something he needed to do. He’d remember here in a minute. But the mattress lulled and he drifted off. Just as he sank into full sleep he dreamed he heard a long, thin scream.

*

Matt and Karen Bradley were watching television on their memory foam king. Karen had folded the heavy bedspread which featured a large deer with huge antlers and placed it neatly on a trunk. Ornate bed posts carved into bears’ heads reminded them they were sleeping in a sportsman’s paradise. The couple had planned this little getaway after reading about the Inn in a local magazine. Matt was the hunter. Since it was spring he had to settle for a little insipid turkey shooting, but they would rebook for deer season in the fall. Matt owned a Tulsa luxury car dealership, Karen, a hospice nurse, was antiquing her way through an early retirement.
Animal trophies occupied every wall. A stuffed elk with full antlers, a wild boar and a huge goose preserved in the posture of full flight presided over the room with freshly cleaned glass eyes. Karen wasn’t a hunter, but she tolerated her husband’s sport, just as he tolerated her unflagging pursuit of the perfect pioneer sideboard. The room was quite luxurious, outfitted with a Jacuzzi, complimentary pheasant embroidered robes and a fridge full of snacks ranging from deer jerky to pickled quail’s eggs. She moved to turn off a light, its base an antler. A taxidermied squirrel perched on the dresser, looking cheerful if a bit stiff.
The couple was discussing dinner. “You know I’m not much for those fancy salads. Like eating thistles to me. But that was a fine steak.”
“Delicious,” she agreed. “Grass fed right on that big Goddard Ranch.”
“You can sure taste the difference,” he said.
“I’ve never seen you enjoying Brussels sprouts before or even eating them for that matter.”
“Well those didn’t taste like any I’ve had. They were great.”
“Can’t wait for brunch,” she said, moving her lips as she read from a formal menu card left on the bedside table by the proprietors.
“Just listen,” he said.
“To what? I don’t hear anything.”
A gentle breeze wafted through the open Pella windows. “Exactly my point.”
She smiled and patted his hand. Theirs had been a good marriage. Kids grown, great income, looking forward to grandchildren. 
Life was good. Screaming erupted from many points within the Osage Inn. Along with the screaming, the couple heard thuds and a couple of shots. A gun rack was part of the room’s furnishings and tonight it cradled Matt’s Mossberg turkey gun. His Glock occupied the bedside table. He handed the Glock to Karen then swung the Mossberg into a lethal firing position.
“Don’t go out there,” Karen begged.
“We can’t just wait for whoever it is.”
He didn’t have to. A tall man in a tattered suit crashed through the door. Other intruders milled about him. There was something terribly wrong with these people. They smelled like road kill and some were missing chunks of flesh. Karen had never seen a whole zombie movie that she recalled, but she’d seen some previews. Could it be some kind of horrid joke?
The tall man stepped aside as Matt fired the Mossberg into the doorway. A bloodless hand flew through the air, but it wasn’t the tall man’s. He mouth fell open and a sound like a turbine engine roared out. Karen emptied the Glock, Matt reloaded and fired once more. By then at least four of the creatures had crowded into the room, Shaggy Man behind them as if protecting himself from too much damage. Bloodless pieces hit the floor, but the intruders didn’t seem much bothered by their losses.
“What are you?” Matt cried. Shaggy Man’s whir heightened to jet engine levels. He abracadabraed his arms and in response the trophies on the walls creaked. The boar’s head twisted as it pulled against its mounting. The magnificent elk tossed its antlers from side to side. The whimsical squirrel fell to the floor, its sutured mouth snapping at Matt’s ankle. A bit of plaque broke off and lodged in Matt’s artery. He fell like a stone. His wife screamed. Karen the hospice nurse knew all about the five stages of grieving, but she wouldn’t get the chance to experience even one of them.
The pinioned goose crashed down, it’s frozen wings loosened, to peck at Karen’s incredulous eyes. Four whirring dead men dispatched her with kicks from their Sunday shoes.

*

The occupants of Room 4 along with Becka and Sam made their way to the hotel great room. The two men were lightly armed, one woman held a fireplace poker, the other a golf club. The dead filed right in after them. The guns were soon emptied to no apparent effect. Flesh hunks flew, a skull fragment was blown out, but none of the intruders stopped coming. The chase around the huge dining table took on a romp like quality. The undead were swinging and cutting to the accompaniment of their strange generator hums, the victims crying and pleading. When all lay still, not even death could wipe the horror and disbelief off their faces. Afterward, Shaggy Man sat at the table regrouping, his disciples on either side.
Altogether, the Hearken police station received four 911 calls from the Osage Inn that day, all in the language of screams.

*

Scores, as seemed to be his custom, left the car while it was still moving. Case turned off the ignition, abandoned the Honda where it stopped and followed him. The men bounded up the steps and into the Inn’s great room where Case prayed for the dead and Scores talked into his recorder, noting the crime scene.
They found Ellen and Nick Vermillion, Room 7 guests – blanket wrapped in the kitchen, limbs jerking in loose, uncontrolled shakes. Case asked them if he could pray for them or with them. They nodded numbly, their lips moving only slightly to the Our Father.
Scores pulled up a chair and gestured for Case to do the same. “Can you describe what happened?”
Ellen, a petite woman of about 50, turned her face away.
Nick, about the same age and powerfully built, nodded and began. “We were in the Tall Grass Prairie Room. We were asleep. Something woke us – not sure what we heard at first. I grabbed my gun from the nightstand. Do you need to see my open carry permit?”
Scores assured the man he did not.
“I told Ellen to stay put and I walked out in the hall. It was quiet at first, but nothing felt right. Then I heard screaming from more than one location. Bad ones – like in the movies.”
Scores cut in. “You were upstairs or down?”
“Up. End of the hall. Then I saw figures walking in the corridor between rooms.”
“Guests?”
“Oh, Hell no.”
“What did you do?”
“I went back to our room and locked the door. Ellen tried to call 911, but couldn’t get through. I started checking out an escape route, but the windows are flat—no ledge or balcony. It’s quite a drop from the back of the hotel. Windows were open and I didn’t rule out jumping, but it wasn’t my first thought. Anyway the screaming rose and fell up then down, up then down.”
His voice faltered and Ellen took his hand and held it.
“We could hear footsteps. Then the knob rattled. Then the door got kicked in.”
“What did you see?”
“A tall man in a tattered suit. I shot at him and it didn’t faze him. He just walked up and wrenched my gun away and handed it to a woman – there were two women there.” 
Ellen began crying again and he comforted her as best he could before continuing. “Then there was a fracas out in the hall from two doors down. I think it was Sharon and Bud – maybe trying to escape. The man who kicked the door in went after them.”
Ellen spoke for the first time. “I think they were dressed up – like for a funeral.”
“Must have been their own,” Nick said. “Those folks looked more dead than alive.”
Case could contain himself no longer. “The women. What did they look like?”
Nick literally shuddered. “One of them had no shoulder. No blood on the wound – just dried up flesh. The other was wearing a green dress. The one in the green dress had a gun. She pointed it at us, but didn’t fire. She looked, well, she looked indecisive so I rushed her. She toppled over and the other the one with no shoulder just kind of crumpled. We jumped out the window.”
“Did you see them again?”
“No. Not the women. Just the one I captured.”
Scores leapt up overturning his pub chair. “You captured one of them? Where?”
“In the trunk of my Cadillac.” Nick fished in his pants and retrieved the key fob.
Scores bolted for the Cadillac while Case bounded up the stairs to the Tall Grass Prairie room. It was decorated with bird prints reflecting the habitat of the Tall Grass Prairie, a protected wilderness area in Northeastern Oklahoma. A Scissor tailed flycatcher, Oklahoma’s state bird hung over the bed – a Bob White print on another wall. Dried grasses filled tall long vases, the bedspread a riot of wildflowers all native to the prairie. Case wildly searched the room. Lily wasn’t there but he found bits of green fabric.
There were two bullet holes in the frame surrounding the splintered door. He didn’t know who the other woman was, but he saw pieces of a blue cloth and attached to that bits flesh, clinging to the cloth like dandruff. Case guessed this was part of Margie whose shoulder and arm had been left behind at the Higgins Farm. Of course, Case knew who kicked in the door. Out of deference to Scores, Case didn’t touch the green silk fragment, but knelt and prayed beside it while hot tears of frustration compromised the crime scene anyway.
When Scores popped the trunk of the Cadillac, Bill Hill was curled around the wheel well in a fetal position. It was the first undead man he had ever cuffed. Sheriff Martin helped him lead Hill into the inn pantry where they secured him.

*

Case, Scores and Sheriff Martin stood on the Osage Inn front porch. Scores had produced a package of menthol cigarettes and passed them around. “Helps with the smell of blood and death,” he said.
Everyone lit up.
“How can it be?” Sheriff Martin asked. “First Tom Coleman. Now this. Are you telling me the dead are killing the living?”
“Yes. Call in whomever you need. I don’t care what you tell them.”
The Sheriff exhaled and coughed lightly. “I’ve already told people to stay inside.”
“Make another announcement. You need to tell them to be scared,” Case said.



CHAPTER 43
PRISONER OF WAR


Bill Hill sat on a bench in the Osage Inn pantry handcuffed to a pipe. Bill’s expression was blank. Part of his upper lip was gone, exposing a chipped canine tooth and his scrawny neck was missing a flesh divot or two. The front to back hole in his chest caused him no apparent distress. A daredevil housefly used it as a tunnel, zooming through it at intervals. Case and Scores entered the room and pulled up wooden chairs.
“Guess I won’t Mirandize him,” Scores said.
Bill smelled dead enough even though he wasn’t anymore, his desiccated flesh reminding Case of Alaskan smoked salmon. His fixed and dilated eyes looked rheumy and pale.
Scores leaned close to him. “Bill Hill?”
No response. “My name is Dan Scores. Can you hear me?”
Bill’s head turned toward Scores. His dead eyes seemed to be looking straight at him as he tilted his head and opened his loose looking mouth. The dry whirring sound came out, growing into the hum that brought to mind a turbine engine. Bill pressed his face against Scores’ arm with a rooting motion that reminded Case of a grotesque suckling pig. “What’s that outer space sound that comes out of them?” Scores said.
Case shook his head. “I don’t know, but it escalates. Move back. He may be building up to an attack.”
“Bill Hill?”
No response.
“I’d like to talk to you.”
“They can’t talk, Scores.”
As if the Devil needed to prove Case wrong, Bill Hill leaned close to Scores and his whirr turned into a musical hum, then Gilbert and Sullivan:
When constabulary duty’s to be done, to be done. A policemen’s lot is not a happy one.
The detective staggered backward bringing down a metal rack of canned vegetables.
“What in the Hell does that mean?” Scores asked.
A can of peas rolled against Case’s shoes and he kicked it away. “That the Devil knows his light opera.”
Case approached Bill to begin the words of exorcism. Scores stopped him. “Let’s see what its lifespan is,” he said. “Without you praying him dead again.”
Two hours later, Bill Hill remained upright, sitting on his bench.
“Seen enough?” Case asked.
“Let’s take it on a ride. Let’s see what happens outside the circle. Let’s see if it can leave Hearken.”
Bill seemed unconcerned about travel outside the circle of Hell’s influence. He was still, as if waiting for input, cuffed hands in his lap, the wind teasing at his thin hair. Scores proceeded a full half mile outside the circle then pulled off onto the shoulder. The living occupants of the car exchanged glances. “Well he didn’t melt or anything,” Scores said.
But just as Scores spoke those words, something began to happen to Bill Hill. His whole body began to shake, his head flopping from side to side. It was as if his bones were contracting, loosening his flesh and shifting his facial features into unnatural positions like an abandoned rubber mask. By the time the Devil let him go, Bill’s skin hung on him like an organic overcoat.
“God. What did we just see?” Scores asked.
“I think we just saw the Devil reach the end of his chain.”
Case placed the purple stole of authority around his neck, pulled a vial of Holy Oil from his pocket and Case anointed Bill Hill. For a moment in the ruin of the man Case thought he could see the little boy Bill Hill had been.



CHAPTER 44
GO BACK SATAN


He got the call at 12 that night. Case rushed up the porch of the Goddard House, flying up the stairs and bursting into Sophia’s room without knocking.
Macy, the chef, was struggling with her boss – either trying to keep her in bed or get her out of it. Case told her to step back and approached the bed. Sophia grabbed Case by his arms pulling him toward her until he fell awkwardly into her bed. He righted himself and held her by her arms. She kicked him hard in the stomach with her bare foot.
“How long has she been like this?” he asked Macy.
“This bad? Since this morning. It’s been on and off.”
Case touched Sophia’s arm and found it icy cold. “Sophia, what are you experiencing?”
“Leave my house,” she said through gritted teeth.
“Whose house is this?” Case demanded.
The answer came in Latin and included some very obscure profanities.
“She could know Latin,” Macy said. “She’s a professor.”
Case shook his head. “She may be an academic, and she knows some Latin, but that was Street Latin, the syntax of Ancient Rome, not Ecclesiastical Latin. She wouldn’t know it.”
Sophia responded to this comment in fluent Aramaic – the essentially extinct language of ancient Israel, and the language spoken by Christ.
Case pulled a hypodermic out of a valise, rolled her over and exposed enough of her hip to inject her. She delivered a few dead language curses before falling into a restless sleep. 
“I called you because Sophia told me you’re a doctor and because she likes you. I didn’t want to call an ambulance without permission.” Macy looked worried. “I mean – I didn’t call you to be a priest. I don’t think she would have liked that.”
“I understand my boundaries. I’ll sit with her,” Case said. “And if she needs an ambulance, I’ll arrange for one.”
Macy hesitated. “Father Terhune. Do you think I could drive back to Tulsa tonight? I’m off the next two days.”
“Yes. I’ll make sure she’s taken care of before I leave.”
“I’m not trained to deal with this kind of thing. I’m a chef, not a nurse.”
“Would you let Wayne know I’ll watch her for the night?”
“Wayne’s not here. He went to Oklahoma City to see his girlfriend. The live-in maid’s off too. That’s why I stayed.”
Case’s face registered surprise. “We’re alone in the house?”
“Until the house staff comes in the morning. The ranch hands are in the bunkhouse though, if you need them.” She pointed to an intercom system. Push button four and they’ll hear you.”
“Macy, lock your car doors and don’t open them or stop until you’re home.”
Case carried Wasie’s prie-dieu into Sophia’s bedroom and knelt on it saying the rosary. The black wooden beads slipped through his fingers and his brain waves fell into the sweet rhythm of heartfelt prayer. As he reached the fifth decade of beads, Sophia awoke with a gasp.
Case completed his prayers, signed the cross and moved toward the bed. Sophia appeared alert and composed. Her eyes followed him as he offered her water. She shook her head in refusal.
He looked into her swirling eyes and a sense of wonder and deep curiosity displaced his fear. This adversary, this fallen angel, this conscious entity dwelling within this woman had once seen the face of God. What must it have been to exist in God’s light, to have shared his kingdom?
Case drew up a chair. Although he knew better, he felt strangely compelled. “What was it like to be in His presence?”
Sophia made a noise in her throat that approximated a growl.
“You have seen His face. I envy you that. But to lose it, to be thrown down, to exist surrounded by venal demons, feeding off human frailty, always apart from Him. How does that make you feel?”
Sophia stiffened, the voice when it came not remotely hers, but the voice of Peck and Andy Cotton. “Priest, you enter the smoke. Beware lest you flame.”
“That’s very overblown language,” Case said. “You’re casting shadows on cave walls aren’t you? You can’t fully enter this world, can you? Your experiences are stolen, your influence incorporeal.”
“Not for long priest. Did you once imagine I would resurrect the dead?”
When Case answered his tone was dismissive. “What you do is not resurrection. It’s animation of the flesh, a pathetic imitation of His power, a parlor trick. You can misuse bodies, but only God can resurrect a soul.”
“My power is growing. What part of exponentially don’t you understand, priest?” The voice coming out of Sophia was shouting now. Her eyes narrowed, her fingers clenched.
“I hear that in the day you were quite a wondrous being. Tell me which biblical account captures you best. The most beautiful of God’s angels? Eighteen feet tall? Encrusted with jewels? I have trouble visualizing that. Show yourself to me.”
“It would blind you.”
“Perhaps. I’ll take the risk. Why don’t you take your true form and prove me wrong.”
“Beware my wrath, priest.”
“I think it’s driven you mad, being apart from Him. Being banished from His love. How does that make you feel?”
“You know the danger of engaging me.”
“I’ll risk it. Losing Him. How does that make you feel?”
“Hungry!” Sophia threw herself at him, overturning the chair and crashing with Case onto the floor. His rosary was still entwined in his fingers and she found its metal crucifix and thrust it into his palm.
“Hold still priest. Stigmata should come in pairs.”
Case wrestled her aside and pulled the crucifix from his wounded hand. Sophia stood and made a ticking sound with her tongue as if calling a cat. “Come on. Come on,” she coaxed until dozens of recently exterminated scorpions poured from a gap in the baseboards and across the room with their primeval looking stingers lifted. Case got to his feet, one of the undead creatures climbing onto his shoe to deliver its venom through his sock. He lifted Sophia from the bed and carried her into the hall, stomping on the scorpions that made it under the door sweep before he slammed it.
Case lay Sophia down in a guestroom, then dressed his wounded hand and chewed three aspirin. He lay down on the couch and elevated his leg to heart level. Scorpions in these parts aren’t that venomous, he thought. And a single bite won’t kill me. His wounded hand and bitten ankle throbbed in unison with each heartbeat and hurt like Hell. What he had done was wrong and dangerous and violated all the rules of non-engagement. Still, he thought, he had rattled the Devil.
Sophia remained quiet for a full hour. Case was awakened from a light doze by a sound. She was sitting up in bed staring. Her lips were pulled back into a snarl. It was apparent to Case that the Devil wanted to continue the conversation.
Sophia looked at him through narrowed eyes. “She’s mine now, you know. That wife of yours. She’s in my employ as we speak. That Dixie cup baptism. How pathetic. How quickly you abandoned your humanist ways when confronted by loss. You cling to the doctrine of Baptism by Desire. The desire was all yours. She never prayed to your savior. She never prayed to your God.”
Case struggled with his thoughts. Didn’t he believe with all his heart that Lily was in whatever state of being that constituted Heaven? Usually he did. But at times he was tormented by fear that she was lost to God and it was this fear that the Devil now exploited.
After his awakening to faith, Case had been troubled that Lily had not shared this experience before her death. The doctrine of Baptism by Desire that permits the good to enter the kingdom of God even without formal religious practice during life comforted him. But Lily wasn’t a primitive, living by circumstance without exposure to the word of God in its many forms. She had chosen her secular, humanist outlook, however kind and good she had been. On the other hand, Case believed God had known Lily’s heart. He was sure that Christ had extended the opportunity for salvation to Lily and that in her desire for God, Lily had said yes.
Case moved closer until he was staring directly into Sophia’s swirling eyes. Then he recalled Timothy 2:3-5: Our Savior who will have all men to be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth and he was comforted by the words. My wife is with God,” he said confidently to the being in Sophia.
“Case, Case, Case,” the presence said in a reasonable tone, appearing to take a different tack. “Do you remember the day Lily went to the baby shower and you talked about having children? Your insipid response to her that day led directly to her death. She wanted a baby and it would have saved her. In the fullness of time, it was you who killed her. Let me demonstrate.”
The memory of his talk with Lily that day played out in Case’s head and as it ended the Devil commandeered his mind’s eye. He and Lily were in a park and between them was a little girl maybe two years old, laughing and pulling their hands. They swung her between them, her feet leaving the ground and coming down again amid sweet giggles.
The voice continued. “She changed jobs after the baby came, took a part time job on the other end of town. She would never have encountered Peck that morning. She lived, Case. She lived. If only you had possessed the sensitivity to save her.”
Case’s heart lurched and he lost all focus. The memory of his discussion with Lily that day had tormented him enough. He knew his deficiency at that moment in time. How exquisitely the Devil had salted the wound. Case had accepted that the Devil, was, if not omniscient, then very nearly so. But how, Case wondered, had he implanted that false memory of the child he and Lily might have had?
Case did not respond to this latest cruelty. His silence seemed to infuriate Sophia or at least the presence within her. She howled at him, snapped at him until she bit her tongue and blood poured over her lips. He would have to restrain her. As he turned to find something in the closet he could use, Sophia knelt and began pounding her head against the wall. He returned with a curtain sash and a belt from a robe and tied her hands to the headboard. It would be another two hours before he could safely administer another sedative. Case offered her water and she clenched her teeth against it. He took her pulse. It was racing and lurching. I should hospitalize her, he thought. But it won’t save her. Even if she leaves this place, it won’t save her. Now she was biting her own lips again until they were purpled with bruises and blood seeped from them. Was she fighting the presence? Case thought so.
Case opened the valise again and his hand brushed the purple sacramental stole. Who am I kidding? He thought. I know why I brought it. Holy oil and holy water too. He recalled the Cardinal’s words: “Violation of that rule can and will get you defrocked.”
What would I be without Lily and without the priesthood? he thought. Nowhere. Adrift. Celebrating Mass was the core of his life now. The Church had given him a skill, given him power against the Devil and now he couldn’t use it. He had been chosen to become an exorcist because of his medical training—because he could differentiate between mental illness and possession. He listened to her ranting and screaming for two more hours. He almost wished the Devil would resume the taunts. At least during them Sophia wasn’t harming herself. Was the Devil trying to make him violate his orders?
She had burst open her lower lip. How could he stop that?
Case picked up his cell phone to call an ambulance, his finger hovering over the touchscreen ‘9’. He imagined her tied up in a psych ward, heavily drugged and helpless, treated for a disease of the mind when it was her soul that was infected. He put down the phone. He thought of Wasie’s plea: “Please protect my granddaughter.” He looked at Sophia’s writhing, thin form and her bloodied lips. Christ gave his life for me. I should be willing to risk my vows for her.
He wet a cloth with warm water and cleaned her face gently. “Sophia. Please let me help you. Come back to yourself.” He untied her hands and took her in his arms, speaking to her gently. For a moment he thought he had calmed her. “Let me pray for you.”
Without warning, she ripped her hand across his face, the rough cut sapphire on her finger tearing deep into the corner of his mouth, her fingernails digging into his arm. Simultaneously, the house erupted in noise as if every door and cupboard was being slammed and slammed again. Case flung open the bedroom door and entered the hallway. Above him a bird crashed into the clerestory window, its body suspended there staining the glass with its blood. A woman’s white form entered his field of vision, her hand pulling upward along the bannister toward the landing. Around her throat was a thick noose. She wore a single shoe. “This is my house, Terhune,” the revenant said.
Case retreated to Sophia’s room and locked the door. He found no refuge there. Sophia sat upright in the middle of the bed, her swollen lips stretched into an unnatural grin that revealed blood-filmed teeth. “This is my house, Terhune,” she said, pointing toward a mirror. “Look.”
Case turned to face the mirror. His image was not reflected there. Instead, it was Lily, sitting in the street holding a scarf to her neck, crimson cascading from Peck’s lethal cut. “This is my house, Terhune,” Lily said, her voice a gargle of blood. He gasped and knocked the mirror from the wall where it fragmented. Lily’s form and her blood reflected yet in the multitude of shards. He approached the bed and the double hung windows fell open. A strong, hot wind pulled through the room. Someone pounded on the door.
“Company!” Sophia exclaimed. She raised her hands and the lock turned and the door swung open. Dark shapes swirled into the room and surrounded her bed.
Sohpia patted the bed in invitation. The eager shapes covered her and her body rippled in a motion that at first suggested pleasure then transformed into a tortured writhing.
Father Case Terhune reached into his valise and pulled out the purple stole signifying the authority given him by Christ. The young priest placed it around his neck. His voice shook as he began the Roman Ritual of Exorcism.
The shapes left Sophia and as he spoke they swooped at him like cave bats, the sensation ice cold and stinging. “My house, Terhune,” Sophia screamed. “My house.”
Each word of the Ritual was a struggle for the breath to form it. Panic rose in his chest as the sensation of suffocation overtook him. The shapes returned to torment Sophia. He splashed holy water on her and lacelike holes appeared in the darkness of the shapes but only briefly. Case prayed for her with abandon, exhorting her to fight, to challenge the presence within her.
“You are going to kill her,” the voice that of the Other, that of Peck and Andy Cotton said matter-of-factly. “Let her rest with me.”
“You can’t have her,” Case shouted. “She belongs to God.”
“I can stop her heart,” the voice warned.
“You can’t do that,” Case said. “You can’t kill except by subverting a human hand. You can’t stop a heart.”
But the Devil did.
Case watched in disbelief as Sophia clutched her chest and fell back onto the bed. No pulse. No breath. She was healthy and fit. She had just passed numerous medical tests. He suspected a trick, a sleight of the Devil’s hand. But he pulled her onto the floor nevertheless and administered CPR, violently and expertly. He covered her mouth with his and breathed into her, then returned to the chest massage. She gasped and began to scream. “You tried to suffocate me,” she accused. “I couldn’t breathe because of you.”
“Dear God,” Case prayed. “Steady my voice.” He completed the Ritual. When it was over, Sophia slept while Case kept watch over her.

*

And when Sophia awoke, Case told her what he had done. She stared at him, thinking that the man looked devastated and near physical collapse.
“How could you?” she asked
“I had to. Your grandmother asked the Church to protect you. I’m authorized by Rome to perform exorcisms at my discretion. I cannot, however, perform them without the permission of the afflicted.”
 “Oh, the afflicted? Is that me?”
“Yes.” 
Sophia finger-combed her sweaty hair. She touched her bruised and cut lips gingerly. “I let you know how I felt about you praying for me. And you performed an exorcism on me? How could you?”
Case looked away unrepentant. “I’m going to tell my superiors what I did. I’ll take the consequences.”
“Which are?”
“I’ll expect to be defrocked.”
Sophia nodded. “And so you should be. I was not possessed.”
“You were,” he said. “Don’t you feel better?”
“I feel better after drinking a glass of wine and after a good massage. Feeling better does not mean I’ve been exorcised of a demon. Her eyes widened. “You didn’t tape it did you?”
“No. I wouldn’t do that to you.”
“What a strange code of ethics you have,” she said. A compelling thought played through Sophia’s mind. Perhaps, she thought, he’ll turn to me if he loses the church.
She looked at him and the deep cut running across his lip and into the corner of his mouth. It would scar, she was sure of it. His face and hands were mottled with dried blood, partly his, partly hers she suspected. “Did I cut your lip?”
“You did.”
“Case, even if this hocus pocus has had a placebo effect, I’m still an atheist.”
He nodded. “I’m going to leave the room for a minute,” he said.
“Are you going to call your boss?”
“Yes. It’s morning in Rome.”
Let him confess, she thought. I’ll be here to console him.
Then Sophia looked at the strained face of the first man she had ever truly loved and her heart, which was her own again, couldn’t bear to cause him further pain. “Wait,” she said. Sophia leaned over to the bedside table and pulled out a notepad. She penned the note in her graceful script.
Case Terhune has my permission to perform the rite of exorcism on me should my condition continue to deteriorate. I give this permission at a time when I am lucid and in command of my faculties.
She dated the note three days prior to that night and handed it to Case.
“I can’t accept that. It would be dishonest of me,” he said.
Sophia waved her hand. “I’m granting my permission for the exorcism. The time it was given doesn’t matter. Didn’t Einstein say ‘time is an illusion’? And Case, remember that the penitents in an Auto-Da-Fe were often burned at the stake anyway, even after confessing. I don’t understand the path you’ve chosen, but don’t throw it away in pride.”
“I’m sorry I violated your wishes,” Case said. But if it worked I’m not sorry I did it. Thank you, Sophia. I will accept your gift. Why don’t you rest,” he suggested. “I’ll take the couch.”
“I figured you would,” Sophia said.

*

At the Ranch, Case’s cell phone vibrated. It was Scores.
“I’m at the rectory,” he said. “Where the Hell are you?”
“I’m at the ranch with Sophia.”
“Case listen to me and listen to me good. I just got a call from Sheriff Martin. One of his deputies says there’s a gaggle of walking corpses headed up toward the Ranch. Better batten down the hatches until I get there.”
“Ok, Scores. And bring Father Quinn. I may need him.”



CHAPTER 45
FATHER AND CHILD REUNION


Scores with Father Quinn in tow met Case on the porch. Case frowned as he saw Paula get out of the back seat. 
“She’s safer with us this time,” Scores said.
“They’re coming after the house,” Case said. 
“Then let’s get out of here,” Scores said.
Sophia was weak and leaned against Case. “Leave the car,” Case said. “I know a safe place.” 
As they left the porch, they spotted a group of dead locals emerging from behind the barn. The living took off down the hill toward the cemetery side of the 640.
Quinn lagged behind, leaning on Paula as they began to move down the hill. They reached the barbed wire fence separating the cemetery from the ranch. As they looked back up the hill the dead with Holman Blue in the lead began a staggering downward march toward them. Even faced with his own death, Case searched for the green of Lily’s dress but saw nothing. He reached the roundhouse, swinging open the heavy door. The others followed him in, but Case stopped Scores when he tried to bolt the door.
“Even if they avoid this house of prayer, it won’t end this thing. I have to stop them out there.”
“I’m coming with you,” Father Quinn said.
“Scores, you stay with Sophia and Paula.”
Scores moved to Case’s side. “The women are as safe as we make them. I’m coming out with you.”
The men left the shelter of the roundhouse. A few yards from the living men Shaggy Man held up his arms and stopped. The dead stopped too, forming a clumsy line with him in the center. Case battled the deep instinct to run and prayed that God would keep his voice strong.
I command you unclean spirit, whoever you are, along with all your minions now attacking this servant of God, that you tell me by some sign your name and the day and hour of your departure. I command you to obey me to the letter, I who am a minister of God despite my unworthiness.
Father Quinn stood to the right of Case, facing Shaggy Man and within an arm’s length of him. “Release my son,” he commanded, tears running down his lined, old face.
Shaggy Man gaped his mouth in the familiar manner and the turbine like whirring began.
Quinn quailed slightly but did not move back. “Holman Blue. You are my blood. My DNA is in you. Forgive me. You can deny the Devil even now.” Quinn stretched forward to touch his son with a single finger.
Shaggy Man produced a knife and held it high over Quinn, Abraham and Isaac in reverse. Case and Scores moved toward the upraised knife, but would have been too late had the touch of his father’s hand not stilled Holman Blue’s arm.
Quinn’s old heart squeezed as he pulled Holman into his embrace. “Forgive me, “Quinn gasped, “as God will forgive you Holman. Just ask him.”


Scores moved to separate father from son, Case motioned him to stop. Quinn’s heart was reaching the last few of its lifetime of beats, those final heartbeats as witnessed and counted by God as the first. Death was filming the old priest’s eyes-it had to have been, because instead of a parchment dry shaky-boned cadaver, God showed him a towhead little boy with pale blue eyes and a pinched, grubby face.
“Forgive him,” Quinn rasped. “I’ll take his place in Hell, but forgive him.”
Case placed one hand on Quinn’s head, the other on Holman’s. He recited the abbreviated sacrament of the sick. Then Case Terhune, just one year a priest, absolved a dead man because God revealed the little boy to him too.
Quinn smiled and took a last ragged breath. The Devil let Holman Blue go and he lay for the first time in his father’s arms – dead again.

*

The undead didn’t collapse with Holman. As with any well run organization, no one member was indispensable in the Devil’s army. The locals began a milling motion, not forward, not back, but more circular until the Devil teased out one of them from the group and moved him to the front.
Gabe Powell, the owner of the Never Spot car wash. Gabe forgot to cut power before he cleared a motor jam and was electrocuted when the wash cycle resumed, red ribbon mops engulfing him like crazed Raggedy Ann dolls. Gabe’s posture retained the hesitant gait he had in life as he took over the leadership position vacated by Shaggy Man.
A shy man, who hated public speaking, he looked characteristically nervous as his mouth slacked and the turbine whine poured out. Gabe turned and picked up a flattish sandstone. The others did the same. The rocks were smallish, multilayered and light and the Devil oversaw their choices. The pickings for a proper stoning were slim.
With no warning, Gabe pitched a sandstone rock toward Case, the sharp edge glancing off his cheek. Case swiped at the trickle of blood as a second stone thrown by another hand struck him on the shoulder.
“Go back inside,” he told Scores. “I’ll cover this. He wants to terrify. If I break and run, he wins this one.”
Scores raised his revolver.
Case touched his arm. “A gun won’t stop them. I have to stop this with belief.”
“Then I guess I’ll have to be your second,” Scores said.
Father Terhune composed himself and began to speak.
Tell me by some sign your name, and the day and hour of your departure. 
I command you by the power given me by our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Name yourself. By the power given me by Jesus Christ. 
Then the young priest delivered St. Michael’s rebuke to the Devil written by Pope Leo XIII in 1886.
Tancte Michael Archangele,
Defende nos in proelio;
Contra nequitiam et insidias diabolic esto praesidium.
Imperet illi Deus, supplices deprecamur:
Tuque, Princept militia Caelestis,
Satanam aliosque spiritus malignos,
Qui ad perditionem animarum pervagantur in mundo,
Civina virtute in infernum detrude.

Father Case Terhune moved confidently to confront the rock carrying corpses.
“Name yourself.”
“Name yourself.”
“Name yourself.”
Name yourself and leave these bodies. Through Christ’s power I command you.
The undead locals became unfocused, as if they were losing coordination. The rocks fell from their hands.
Then in unison from the gaping mouths of Gabe and all the remaining dead, their heads lifted like baying wolves, came a single roaring word repeated three times: 
Abbadon
Abbadon
Abbadon
Three times, then it was over, the dead crumpling like a fast forward of wilting flowers. Scores, who’d taken a rock to the chin smiled to see Sheriff Martin and his God-fearing Barneys crashing down the hill to the rescue. The believers knelt in prayer. At Case’s command, the Devil had given up at least one of his names and everything dead was dead again.

*

Scores and Case pulled open the roundhouse door and rushed inside. Paula and Scores embraced and Sophia rose from a bench and approached Case. “We found something. Over there,” she said and pointed toward the far side of the roundhouse. As he neared the spot, Case’s heart convulsed.
Lily lay along the curve of a rounded wall under the tall window where the story goes Oshi left her baby in 1924. Case steeled himself for the grizzly sight of collapsed flesh, the sliding mask of skin, but her body was intact, her expression composed. Case would always believe that on some cellular level she had sheltered there to avoid raising her hand against him. And in that place of prayers and smoke sent heavenward, her body had remained inviolate. Her very DNA had rebelled against the Devil and once again chosen God. As he had at the hospital four years before, Scores stood guard while Case held Lily one more time.

If there were three such priests as you, my kingdom would be ruined.
The Devil to St. John Vianney,


CHAPTER 46
MOVING ON


Case knocked on the door of the Goddard House for what he suspected would be the last time. Sophia answered quickly, stepping aside to let him enter. She looked much the way she had when he first met her. They sat down in the scrapbook room in the big captain’s chairs pulled up to her craft table.
“So you’re off to Rome.”
“For now.”
“Do you know where they’ll send you next?”
“No.”
“You must know I can’t believe the demonic possession theory. But I’m grateful to you for standing by me, during that outbreak or whatever it was. People died and I could have been among them. And the house does have a friendlier feel to it now, since you did your thing. Insects seem to give up the ghost the first time I step on them.”
“I didn’t train as an exterminator, but I appreciate the compliment.”
Sophia rested her chin in her hand and looked at him intently. Case thought with complete dispassion that she had never looked more beautiful.
“I will miss you so,” she said and tears welled in her eyes.
He opened his mouth to speak but couldn’t choose the words.
Sophia brushed her tears away and her tone lightened. “I won’t be far behind you, leaving Hearken that is. Now that things are settled with the estate, there’s no need for me to stay longer.”
“Back to Connecticut?” Case asked.
“Yes, but first I’m planning a Costa Rican treehouse vacation.”
“Sounds great. Who’s the lucky guy?”
“I’m going alone. I have some things to sort out.”
 Case was taken aback but did not respond to her statement. “Sophia, I want to tell you that putting the ranch in a trust to benefit Hearken was a remarkable act of generosity.”
“Well that trust bears huge liability, with all those overly dependent employees and those roundhouse ceremonies starting up again. I’m truly glad to be out of it.”
“Don’t marginalize the gift,” Case said. “The ranch is quite profitable as you know from the appraisal.”
“Well I don’t know if it will stay that way with the diocese running it. No offense, but a business is no place for charity. I’m sure they’ve already hired Florence back as the cook.”
Case didn’t deny it.
“I hear that Paula has gone to San Francisco with Scores,” Sophia said.
“That is true.”
“In an unmarried state?”
“No. I married them quietly.”
“I’m sure Paula and Scores will raise their children in a state of utter spiritual confusion.”
“The love will make up for it,” Case said then looked at his watch.“Gotta go. Plane to catch.”
She walked him to the door. “Goodbye,” she said.
Again, he saw tears. “Goodbye, Sophia,” he said and touched her shoulder lightly. He stepped through the door then turned back. It’s worth a try, he thought. “May I keep you in my prayers?”
Sophia sighed and Case thought her somber expression telegraphed disapproval. He nodded in acceptance and walked away. A cloudburst let loose as he reached the car and he switched on the wipers. He was half way down the long steep drive when he glanced in the rearview and saw Sophia running behind the car. He stepped out into the downpour, his expression quizzical.
She was drenched and breathless, her perfect hair plastered to her head and dripping. She held out her hands and he took them in his. “What is it Sophia?”
“Yes, Father, you may pray for me.”




CHAPTER 47
ROME


Case turned the key and opened the door to his small apartment. He looked at the clothing stacked on the dining table. Three weeks and he’d yet to unpack. Who would have thought he’d miss Hearken, but in some ways he did. The life of a small town priest could have been a meaningful one had time and circumstance permitted.
A scatter of mail lay under the slot and he gathered it up, smiling at the memory of Mrs. Glascow and her peremptory strikes on his personal correspondence. He sorted through the envelopes and found nothing of interest. Somehow his Italian Wine of the Month Club subscription had followed him to Rome. He would be letting that one lapse, he thought with a smile. He’d hoped to hear back on the brain tissue slides he’d sent from Hearken, but doubted the results would arrive by snail mail anyway. He restlessly checked his e-mail, but that kind of pathology took time.
Case stepped out onto his small private balcony and sat in a wrought iron chair to smoke a cigarillo. He recalled sitting on a similar balcony with Lily once and his heart ached for her presence. Then he moved inside to the dining table and listened again to the 50 year old exorcism tape. Since he had first heard his name spoken on it, the tape’s content had continued to change, with new material added each time he played it.
A week ago, the Devil speaking through the 13-year-old Effie Goddard predicted a new infiltration and a grander display of his power and called Case out by name. A few days later, the voice made oblique reference to frozen ground, and once again spoke Case’s name. Frozen ground, Case thought. A cold place? Perhaps. But it could mean something far less literal. Although Case feared damaging the tape and losing information, he couldn’t resist playing it over and over again. He needed to turn it over to an expert who could help determine how the new material was being added. But so far, he had been unwilling to let it out of his sight.
He fast forwarded to near the end bracing himself for the new material whatever it might be. He hit play and heard Effie Goddard’s distinctive and girlish voice, speaking across time to him from 1964. What Case heard was inconceivable.
“Lily cheats on you, Terhune. I could name him, but I won’t. That’s for me to know and for you to find out.”
Case stood up too fast and almost blacked out. He sank back to the wooden chair his hands on either side of the blasphemous reel to reel as if trying to box in what he had just heard. A lie, he thought. After all, the Devil’s AKA is the Great Deceiver. He brushed hot tears from his face. Why was he crying if it was just a taunt? Why was his heart breaking? Why would the Devil challenge him to corroborate a lie that could be easily discounted? The ‘black dog’ of depression enveloped him. He felt no diminishment of love for Lily, only a wash of sadness.
The psychiatrist in him offered a diagnosis. In death, Lily was flawless. In his memory, the relationship had been perfect. Surely she had been human. Perhaps she had made a mistake. Did he have to keep her on a pedestal to make his celibacy more bearable, to keep less perfect women from filling the void left by Lily?
No, Case the widower countered, Lily’s memory is not a device to avoid other women. I know she had faults and no marriage is perfect. Loving another woman is inconceivable to me because I am still in love with Lily and always will be.
Already his mind was reeling with disjointed conjectures. How did I fail her? Who could it have been? When were we apart? Why didn’t I know something was wrong?
Suddenly Case realized all his theorizing was pointless. First he had to determine if the Devil’s words were true or false. There would be time for understanding after that.
Then Case, the priest, began to pray.




EPILOGUE
NORILSK, SIBERIA
A COLD PLACE


If there was a particular day when Arseny began to die, it was the morning his boots wouldn’t go on his swollen feet. The water shed moment caused by vodka, cheap cigarettes and pollution had been a long time coming. Now his own feet betrayed him. He would never again ride the ice encased bus out to the mine. His wife, Vladlena helped him soak his feet and said they could get bigger boots, but they both knew he would never go to work again. And he did not.
The city of 100,000 plus built by slave labor in the 1930s and perpetuated into the present by the foul business of nickel mining, was a dwelling place of circumstance not choice. Vladlena’s night shift at the hospital had ended two hours earlier. A tiny television perched above the couch, the knocking radiator competing with the morning news. The apartment smelled of wallpaper paste, mildew and cabbage boiling in neighboring apartments. A bloom of ice crept its way across the interior window glass spreading like a fungus.
She always let Arseny sleep until 8 a.m. Extended sleep in relative warmth was the only pleasure left to him now. Vladlena simmered water on the stove. She placed a few leaves in the strainer and prepared two cups of pale tea. “Arseny,” she called toward the bedroom door. “Arseny, I made tea.”
On a saucer she arranged a fan of Saltines, each cracker smeared with red jam. She placed the plate and the teacups on the table and straightened the lace cloth under them. Valdlena was an old 50. She trudged to the bedroom and opened the door gently.
Arseny’s upper body was still in bed, his swollen legs swung over the side as if they were responding independently to her call to tea and trying to start the day. He was painfully dead.
“Oh,” Valdlena said, seeing her husband of 30 years just gone. She would walk to the grocers to call the doctor. He always came fast to sign a certificate, since he worked for the mine and a death would save the company a pension. She touched Arseny’s body. It was cold and mottled and just beginning to rigor and as a nurse she knew he had been dead for a few hours. She lifted his fluid filled legs onto the bed. She recalled a sweet-faced young man shyly taking her hand for the first time and she shook her head to chase away the poignancy of the memory.
Valdlena laboriously pulled on her massive coat, hat, scarf, gloves, all still wet and cold from her last trip outside. She entered the apartment hallway and descended from three to the ground floor. They lived in one of the high rise panel apartments, built on pipes to escape the frozen ground and left over from the Soviet building boom. One vacant wing had collapsed recently and repairs were not underway. Her breath hung in the frigid air even before she left the building. She pitied those who lived on the ground floor nearer the permafrost. There is always someone worse off, Arseny used to say.
“Arseny is dead,” she told the grocer and the man took the kettle off a hot plate and poured tea for Valdlena.
“That is bad news. I am sorry for your loss.” He called the doctor for her. “He will come,” the grocer said. “A woman has died on the eighth floor, so he was on his way anyway.”
She finished the tea and began walking home to wait for the doctor. They had no children. Her parents were dead and so were his. She realized she had no one to notify. Tatia was her closest friend and she would walk up the stairs to see her later when the woman returned from work. With Tatia’s arms around her, she would be able to cry.
She wondered who had died on the eighth floor, but she couldn’t remember who lived there. As she entered the ground floor lobby, a woman lurched past her and out onto the ice encased sidewalk. The woman looked familiar and wore a short sleeved dress and no coat. Valdlena turned to try and stop her, shuddering to think of that bare skin meeting the brutal cold, but the woman staggered on.
Valdlena opened the door to her apartment. She heard a sound from the bedroom. Someone must have let the doctor in, she thought. She walked toward the noise. Arseny was sitting upright in the bed. Valdlena rushed to his side and he leaned his face toward her warm flesh, rooting about against her like a baby seeking milk. His mouth fell open and a strange whirring hum came out of him. ThenValdlena, the trained nurse, looked into her husband’s exploded pupils and screamed.

