

zombie Holiday
	C. G. BANKS
Zombie Holiday

Published by C. G. Banks at Smashwords

Copyright © 2014 by C. G. Banks

Image courtesy of Skypixel/Dreamstime

All rights reserved. This includes the right to reproduce any portion of this book in any form.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Zombie Holiday


Almost dusk again and I can feel em squirming around me like eels, getting ready to move. Like Halloween all the time now. But what do I care? I was never the kinda guy to go pallin around with anyone anyway. And now…well, I guess I got just about as many friends as I can handle. It don’t mean shit they’re zombies. The Regulars were never any good to me, so in the long run I don’t see how it really matters. Still, it is tight in this closet; all of us packed in like a clutch of spiders, and, granted, the floor is fucking horrible with the shit that runs out of us. So, yeah, I suppose the hygiene thing has taken a bit of a vacation.
But, like they say: it is what it is.
I don’t remember much about it starting. One minute I was at my mom’s house, going through CDs and wondering where my next buck was coming from when this sudden, blinding headache made the room go red. Next thing I’m on the floor looking under the bed at all the junk I’d pushed under there over the years. My throat real tight like I had a bone stuck in it. I sat up. Looked around. Everything seemed all right. But every time I swallowed there was that bone again.
The scream made me forget about it completely. Real shrill, like the kinda sound you’d figure a dog whistle would make. Just going on and on like a siren. I was across the floor and through my bedroom door before I could get my head together. Got to the second story landing, looked down and noticed I’d tore the door knob clean out of the wood. I remember that was the first real thing that struck me because the movies had never been in agreement on that. Regardless, rotten or not, I’m a helluva lot stronger now than I used to be. Of course just to continue the story of my life, everybody else is too.
There was a mass of shadows slamming along the wall, cast up here by my mother’s reading lamp from the living room. I tried to holler down but that goddamn bone was still stuck in my throat and I couldn’t make a sound. But that didn’t stop the scream.
I jumped through the rails to the bottom landing and saw the dog going at my momma. The front door was open and I knew it was the Johns’ dog even from behind. Only instead of tearing through garbage it was tearing the belly out of my momma. Her old lady hair was torqued out like she had a hold of an electric cable and her head was thrown back and that sound, that horrible, soul-guttering sound was coming out of her mouth. That, along with an absolutely astonishing amount of black blood.
I bonzaied over the couch and grabbed that fucking dog with double fistfuls of hair. Momma was howling, the dog jerking around like a spring-loaded nut job, and I went for that fucker with my teeth. I was down to the bone, my mouth full of blood and hair before I knew it, but that catch in my throat was suddenly gone and I was able to breath better. Until I opened my eyes.
That’s when I found myself laid across the bloody dog’s back, my head down in momma’s lap. And something was stroking my hair. I looked up and there she was, dear old mom, smiling crookedly down at me as the black shit ran down her chin, her hair in wires. Even as that damn dog began to squirm again under me I could smell the mess he’d made of her.
I scrambled backward, stumbling over furniture, my hands out in front of me like some Egyptian tomb raider. But it wasn’t too dark and I could see just fine. Momma was just lifting herself from the couch, bent over to one side pushing with both hands against the armrest, her guts boiling from her stomach and rolling out to the floor. The dog jerked that way suddenly and I watched as he began to gnaw at her. Gagging, I lunged for the door. Fell through the screen to the porch.
And that’s when I was witness to my first zombie holiday.
The streets and lawns were already filled with neighbors. Everybody wide-eyed and dazed, staggering around like a three-day drunk. I thought, crazily, “ a bomb” again, but that wasn’t it. Because Mr. Acosta, the old man in his seventies from across the street, so frail he reminded me of a rocking chair with busted spindles, suddenly tore across the yard like a spring chicken and attacked this kid. From some new family down the block; I’d never seen him down this far before. Busted his ass like no tomorrow and sunk what I’d as soon believe was a pair of dentures as not into the boy’s cheek. The kid went down like a sack of rocks as I got to my feet.
Left, past the hedge, some guy was attempting to tear the tits off the hot chick who lived with the Wild Bunch next door. Another group of kids was pummeling Mrs. Mannings’ head in with a garden rake and acting like it was a party. Out of the corner of my eye I saw somebody else, inexplicably, tumble off a roof across the street and land with a hard thud behind an old bank of azaleas.
The screen door whined when Momma pushed it back and I was out of there like my ass was on fire.
And all down the street it was Hell’s Circus. Shit you wouldn’t believe: the eye gouging and clawing, like the Three Stooges on PCP. With demons. Blood flying and torn clothing. Terrible cries enough to make your hair want to jump off and go hide somewhere. And to make matters worse that damn bone was back in my throat. I was still spitting hair and blood but the bone was back and bigger than ever. I thought, by nightfall that day, the craziness was done. And I guess it kinda was.
But that doesn’t mean things went back to normal.
For the first little while I hid out in the basement of some house I found when I got tired of running. I broke in the window, slithered through like a snake, and curled up real tight in a corner of a wet, gloamy broom closet like a babe to the tit. I don’t know what it is, but tight wet corners and nasty places draw me to no end. I crouched in there the whole night listening to the horrors taking place out in the road, closer even, right there upstairs in the house. People screaming and glass breaking. Thuds like hammers sinking into meat, the flat cracks of rifles. All hell breaking loose and me huddled down there in the basement like a baby, crying into my bloody hands and trying to forget the mess I’d left at my house.
The next morning I poked my head out early. I hadn’t heard anything from above in awhile (the last little bit of faint whimpering had died out hours earlier), and I went back to the window and stood up on a box to get a look outside. The house next door was burning like it wanted to, so hot I could feel the flames singeing my face. I climbed out into the heat through the window and inched along the side of the house. The skin on my right arm was slight blue, like somehow it had gotten smashed, but it didn’t hurt, and the best I could figure was I’d clipped it getting into the house.
I still had the taste of the dog in my throat.
That, along with the steady growing bone that now seemed to fill my windpipe.
I staggered out to the street, tripped over some kid’s skateboard and did a header in the gutter. Raked about a yard of flesh from my forehead and damn sure felt the click when my left pinky broke. I rolled over on my back, clutching my head with my broken-finger hand and my other on top of that. But nothing hurt.
I saw and tasted blood but that was it. The finger looked like it was giving directions in the fourth dimension and I didn’t feel a damn thing. I remembered the blinding headache. I remembered jumping through the railing down to the first floor at my momma’s house. I remembered the first taste of the zombie holiday and I stopped rolling around in the street right then and there.
I was not what I had been.
I held out my hand and looked it over real good, turning it this way and that. Long, skeletal fingers, the skin stretched tight around the bone. That same bluish tint and a deeper nastiness. A rot. I could see the veins underneath the skin, blotched black and weepy map lines spreading in the damp.
I staggered to my feet.
The street like a postcard still. Not even a breeze. Then, just on the other side, the cat broke cover. It lurched on top of an exposed culvert and looked my way. One side of its head had been caved in by God knows what. Leaving a single, bloody eye to pan over me as I watched. Likewise, its left forepaw was mangled and ground down and as it jumped from the culvert, what was left of the leg gave way and the cat pitched into the street like a flung towel and just wallowed there, mindless, silent, flapping around.
Just like me, I realized.
But seeing it there, slowly turning in a bloody circle, made the bone in my throat thrum just a hair. And suddenly I found myself hunched over and then down on all fours, scrabbling across the concrete, my pinky now pointing back the way I’d come.
I had it up and in my mouth before I could even think straight. My head was a maze of stars shooting off galaxies and all these pretty colors blooming and dancing before my eyes. I could feel my jaw chewing, could feel the bone in my throat easing up ever so wonderfully as I fought past the fur. And I swallowed.
And screamed.
Threw down the corpse and crabbed away from it trying to scream again as the bone lodged back. And then I got up and ran, just ran again as far and as fast as I could go.
That’s most of three weeks now. And I know a lot more than I did then. But it’s taken some getting used to, if that’s what you can call it. Realize I was always a ne’er-do-well. Shiftless, sponging off my mother, eating junk food and concerned with nothing except what was on TV tonight. No moral compass, so to speak. I did like horror movies, vampires, werewolves, the whole shebang. I saw all that zombie shit, from the fleet-of-foots to the shambling goons, but it’s nothing like that. How we got it, yeah, that’s straight outta George Romero but everything else…no relation. Anyway, the reason I bring it up, the kinda person I was, is because I was a fringe-dweller. You couldn’t get much farther outside the mainstream as I was.
But now I am the mainstream.
This shit hit everyone. Babies all the way up to blue-haired old ladies, and let me tell you, the latter are quite a treat these days. We all go around pretending at our old lives. The post office, a trip to the grocery store. But now it’s like some B-movie version of Zombie Andy Griffith. Everybody still lives in their houses, if they want to, the mail still runs.
But everything’s different, repulsive, terrible. And speaking of the mail: the Fed Ex guy fell out of his truck yesterday, scrabbled around in the street for a while, and delivered an eviscerated dog to my front door. I was standing just inside watching. I’d managed to trick Momma outside to the garage with a beef steak a couple days ago and I still hear her shambling around in there time to time, breaking shit up, screaming. But I’m in the house, looking out, trying not think about her.
The stumbling, bumbling Fed Ex shit collapsed a few times getting back to his truck, got pissed on by a dog and lost a finger in the process, but he did get back inside the truck and floored it down the street. Taking out mailboxes, Mrs. Vichie from down the street. But she wasn’t down long. While I was still standing there at the window I watched her slink away to the ditch like something that had been stepped on, disappearing into the blackness like a swamp rat.
I took the car but came back at the first intersection. The power hasn’t been working and nobody’s got any fucking sense left. Fucking wrecks everywhere, and you know it, where there’s wrecks there’s blood and of course that sets em off. One spash of blood and it’s like Vulture Nation. Fucking cops gnawing on legs at car wrecks. Really crazy shit, something I never even entertained as possible before. Now, it’s everyday.
People dragging heads around like dogs, slopping down intestines. All the violence and stumbling accidents, busted limbs. And all the while the sun goes up and comes down, goes up and comes down. Sometimes you hear some hot rod zooming by a couple of streets over. Kids laughing digging through the days-old carcass of something someone forgot. Things ain’t right.
And I’m still a fringe-dweller, even here in this Special Hell. Because I’ve still got that damn bone stuck in my throat.
Here’s why.
I don’t have to. I could feed anytime I want. Nobody seems to mind. You can walk right up to someone these days and take a huge chunk out of his arm and it’s like nothing. You just stop for a minute, fill up, and then you’re on your way. Maybe he’s nibbling your ear off in the process. I’ve seen it. It’s like a couple stopping to watch flowers grow. Just another way to pass the time.
But not me.
I can’t do it. I still have the compulsions. I can’t walk past some wet puddle of rot without salivating like a dog, but I try to turn my head. God I try. Because when I do give in, when I finally say ‘what the hell, let’s get this party started’, it’s like all bursting colors and sweet dreams. But I can’t do it.
Not anymore.
I’m ready for this holiday to end.
But what do you do when you’re the Living Dead? It’s not make-up and blood packets. It’s real. And it just goes on and on. Everyday I stumble out of this closet, upstairs in my bedroom, along with all the rest who’ve shown up during the night, and I shuffle around in the morning dawn and try to think of how it was. How I used to sleep regular right there in this bed and here I am now, pouring out of this closet like the Stink of a Million Years.
What’s to say?
Nobody talks. Just a lotta head-bobbing and sweating blood, dripping bodies headed outside for another round. I wander around in the bedroom with my wall-eyes until they’re all gone and then I go and pound my fists through the walls for a while. But I know it will just go on and on. And…and here’s the thing that really shakes me, even while crammed in here among the monsters in my closet. This… what the hell if it did end?
What if I did wake up one morning, or have the same blinding headache again, and find the world back to Normal? What the fuck then? Sweep all the shit out the house, toss the corpses off the yard, burn down the shed and get back on with it?
Get back on with what?
What’s gone is gone and I’ve had it. I’m done, at least with here. While all my grisly companions are out making their munch quota I’m gonna fill this motherfucker up with gasoline. They won’t notice. One smell’s pretty much like another here, with the exception of funk, that is. Funk has a really special place here in the Whatever Hell This Is.
No, I’m not worried about all that. There’s too much other stuff, like why I haven’t gone all the way over like the others. I haven’t and as long as I’m able, won’t.
I’m gonna fill this motherfucker up with gasoline and when they all come back and get settled in good I’m gonna light it up and dance around the house while it burns. I don’t give a shit. I’m gonna dance and I might even sing…if I can. And when it’s finished, I’m out.
I’m going somewhere. Anywhere.
I’m gonna work on getting this bone out of my throat, though. Maybe try something different like fried chicken. At least it’ll give me something to keep an eye out for. Anything not to eat a pile of bloody flesh in the street, huh? But like I said before: it is what it is.
So,  preparation for the vacation. What to take? Where to go? Well the first question is easy. Nothing. Hell, shitty clothes weren’t much to me before, now, they’re really nothing. An old spiderwebbed, bloody shirt, a tag of pants hanging off my ass, that’s about all I need. And shoes? Fuck. I could walk a lifetime across broken glass and not give a damn. I tell you, I’m easy. So that part’s potatoes and gravy. But not the next one, a destination. Here it gets a little harder. See, the TVs been gone for weeks, radio likewise. Now you just look outside to get the news and brother, if you thought it used to be bad, you better hope you’re pushing up daisies now. The mudheads and the few straggling Live-ers making godawful noises outside. But that still doesn’t solve the problem.
And it’s not that I’m worried about the danger. That’s just about another fucking joke. I’m the monster. I’ve got free range. Tear into a house, break into a store, maybe even have a motherfucking tree fall over on me. It don’t mean shit. I’d just crawl out from underneath that motherfucker and continue along my merry way. But I digress.
I had to ask myself, what do I like? Music, food, sex. Simple shit. But the power’s gone bust and I know as much about electricity as I do about unplugging a clogged artery with anything but my teeth. Food? Hell, it’s walking around in the street or hunched right up against me in the closet I spend most nights in. A little gruel drizzling out of somebody’s head? Man that’s like a lollypop. But like I said, I try to stay away from that sort of thing. At least as long as I can. There always comes a time, though, when I can’t avoid it. That damn chicken bone in my throat seems to get a little bigger and bolder each day and even if my throat seizes up entirely, I just keep right on ticking. And, I almost want to say, the most fucked up thing about it is it ain’t comfortable but it ain’t gonna kill me either. I know, I’ve tried. Holding off the urge until I was dizzy inside and my throat  swelled up like an elephant’s nut sack. Eventually collapsing on the ground and leaving a lot of teeth behind. Thinking I was dead.
I wasn’t. Here I still am.
Point three, sex. Now call me monster or not, I still haven’t been able to take that one over the fence. As I said, in the Old World, I was a horror movie fan. But I wasn’t any kind of pervert. And now with all the blood and guts and rot I can’t really see it as anything else. Getting a hardon, even my weird little shiny poker, makes the bone in my throat swell up like that bastard Grinch’s heart.
Strike, strike, strike.
Zombie Holiday. It’s cheap but it’s a bitch.
Regardless, I’m getting the hell out of here. Enough’s enough. I’ll hit the road, fuck a car. Shamble around in the woods for a while. See how things are in the real world. If this ain’t the best we got.
So this is out.
How many days? Shit if I know. Just endless walking, drifting. Smelling every smell, feeling that goddamn bone just get bigger and bigger. Yesterday was kinda funny though. I slept in a ditch beside some road. Just got tired and laid down. Woke up with a load of fungus growing in my ear and soaked to the bone. Wasn’t shit to me. Might as well have been a nice Sunday morning waking up at momma’s house.
I guess it was the girl brought me around. I could hear her yelling. Screaming, really. Far off, I thought, but I was just waking up. Or at least coming back. Shit, let’s don’t forget, I’m dead already. I sat right up in the mud, the fucking sun shining down like it was tryin to burn what little hair I got left off my head. Again, fuck you, I don’t care.
There it was again. Screaming. No doubt a girl. I came rolling outta the ditch like a booger off a fat woman’s chin and looked around. There were a lotta trees, just short of a forest so it took me a second. Then, right over there I saw the movement. Not a lot at first but when I got serious about looking it was right there in front of me. Looked like a lot of whatever it was. But there was definitely a girl screaming.
I finished crawling out of the ditch and creep-walked across the cracked roadway. I tell you, I try to concentrate on the walking but it’s damn near impossible not to lurch around like a goddamn imbecile. All that lurching and dragging….hell, it feels like ballet.
Around a couple of big trees was where all the ruckus was coming from. Looked like a bunch of em, whatever it was, and there was still the screaming although that was startin to get less hopeful, I guess. In the old world? I’d tuck tail and run my white ass outta there. Now? I walked over like a blue-hair checking out dishes.
Side-note: it is really hard to feel sorry for anybody. I know that probably sounds a little harsh from your place on the sidelines, but hell to me, it ain’t really much. So you get your fucking guts pulled out and thrown all over Hell’s Half Acre. You scream a little bit. Aw hell, you scream a lot. Then whatever got you eats what it wants and leaves you alone. Ain’t a politician in the world would do that shit. And you lay there for a while and then you get up.
And you start walking around like me.
Like I’ve said before, it ain’t the best of times but I guess things could be a helluva lot worse. Let’s face it, that bunch back at my house? We slept together and dripped all over each other and I burned the motherfucker down with them in it. Didn’t feel nothing about it then and don’t feel much now.
Again, I digress but there really ain’t no telling what kinda shape my brain’s in. Listen or don’t. I’m still dragging through.
Well, what I was looking at was something a little…harsh. I think I even winced. What it was was a bunch of babies. I know…, but it was. Musta been about twenty of em, some in old toddler uniforms dirty as all hell but most of em naked. I was there and I’m telling you, wasn’t a diaper in the world coulda stayed on one of them slimy somebitches. Scooting around like a bunch a rats. One kinda strayed my direction and I kicked it square in the chin, sending it back where it came from. Just the sight of it made my skin crawl.
And the screams were all but gone now. They were too far into her to make much difference anyway because somehow this little tribe of miniature motherfuckers had either found or hunted down an actual live woman. I guess she musta been about twenty, twenty-five. They’d damn near pulled all her clothes off by then and I’m telling you, it just reinforced the idea I told you earlier about horror movies and sex. It ain’t for me.
Or at least it ain’t for me yet.
I looked around for a minute. Walked over to a tree and pulled off the end of a pretty stout branch. Like I said, we may be rotten but we ain’t no slouch in the strength department. Walked back over to the pile and started cleaning house on those little motherfuckers. Knocked em high and low. Saw a few of em come apart but I just kept on wading in. The last couple, I threw the branch down and grabbed em up as good as I could. It was two of em and it was like wrestling greased turds. Chunked em off to the side and watched em roll in the leaves. Then I looked down.
There she was. Or what was left of her.
Musta been a time she was something to look at, but them days were over. She was fucked beyond all repair. I had a hard time wrapping my mind around her screaming for so long. Had a great pair of lungs, though, to speak to her advantage. And I know. I was looking at what was left of em.
Just a piss-poor mess. Those little bastards had been hungry. Wasn’t much to speak of except her head. It was still attached to a neck that wasn’t doing all that bad considering. But the rest was just a mess.
I stood there and looked at her for a while. I knew it was coming. I waited and the minutes ticked off one, two, three. Then her eyes started taking on that look, like a fish you’d just polished its eyeballs. Then she closed her mouth. Wasn’t long before it came open again and you could just see the tongue rolling around in there. I shook my head and looked around for the branch. She was moving her head back and forth by then, and I looked at her again and caved her head in. Hit her again for good measure. Chunked the hunk of wood at one of them damn babies.
And then I shuffled off.
Plodding along like some no good motherfucker, racked out of his brain in the wrong neighborhood. Not that that wasn’t the real me. As I said before, there wasn’t a whole lot about me before all this bullshit that would’ve put me on any poster except by the Law and now that ain’t even the game played in this ballpark.
Sometimes when I was dragging along I’d catch myself swiping at branches and such shit, maybe even grunting a little. It was these times I’d try to collect what little is left of myself and try to act normal. That’s what I always say, act normal. And here I am grunting and swinging at vines. Shit, if not for the stink I’d be a goddamned movie star.
But you don’t want to hear this shit.
I was on a mission. Out with the bad in with the good. Time to make a change for the better. The grass is greener and all that fucking bullshit. Me thinking this, the fucking zombie shuffling around nowhere in the woods. I stopped right then and looked around, back at all that mess left in the woods. I shuffled around till I was facing it and kinda lifted my hand up like a little wave. Why? Fuck if I know. I just didn’t feel real good about myself right about then and any little bit helps in a pinch. Or so the other saying goes.
I looked around a little more. Saw one of them goddamn babies tracking me way back there by a little scruff of underbrush. Well that sent a little chill to me, I tell ya. Usually the Dead I find don’t feel much of a need to contemplate. It’s all like low-grade TV to them. Walk around a little bit, get some food, climb in the closet and curl up in the funk. I tell ya, really, when you get right down to it, there ain’t much different! But there is the odd few. The ones that when they look at you, they’re looking at you. Not some cloudy brain fuck job but something that could be damn dangerous if you don’t watch your ass. I haven’t seen many but I have seen some. And let me tell you, that fucking baby fit the general description.
There wasn’t nothing else I could do about the girl and I damn sure wasn’t up to corralling all them babies so I thought move on. Beat your feet the hell outta here. Babies crawling around in the bushes. Shit, for all I know there could be a whole mess of em up in the trees. Just the thought got me looking up. Didn’t see shit but of course that didn’t mean they weren’t there.
Well, at first, with the woods and all I figured I’d wandered into the nature preserve that hadn’t been far from momma’s house. Course, I didn’t rightly remember on the count of my hazy brain but I couldn’t see how that was gonna throw me off anyway. I was getting out, going somewhere. Why not the woods?
But then I saw the house. More like a mansion really but somebody had about triple fucked it. Burned the porch off, broke a lot of windows and one whole side of the wall was plastered with brains and gore. Bullet holes all over the fucking place. I gotta tell you, that caused me a little pause. There ain’t much can wipe our asses out but a shot to the brain will do it every time. And not that that’d be a bad thing on most occasions, like I said this life ain’t much to speak of, but I guess it does get familiar after awhile.
Besides there was a whole shitload of mudheads walking around the yard right then. Not a Liv-er in the bunch but a lotta new people. Just by looking around I could tell you weren’t gonna discover any great secrets of the universe from this bunch. Just a buncha fucking idiots. And again, this coming from me. Some sad ass mooch fresh off his momma’s couch. But it didn’t take a fucking Einstein to get me wondering about why all these motherfuckers were milling around back here. One or two no big deal but twenty?
Then I noticed the smell. Like I said, my thoughts ain’t the swiftest things on wings. That’s what had pulled all these motherfuckers in. And it was coming from inside the house. Now that I had it in my head there weren’t no doubt. That fucking house was crammed stem to stern with meat. Rotten as hell but it do ring a bell in the head. I guess if I hadn’t been thinking so much about the shredded girl and the pack of babies I’da recognized it earlier. As it was I guess I’d just been following my nose. Probably before I laid down in that ditch.
A couple Deaders were up on what was left of the porch, scraping against the windows and smearing themselves against the walls. I walked over through the crowd and pushed a couple of em off the porch to see what we had here. A window was so caked over with gore I couldn’t see inside but that bone in the back of my throat was humming like a strummed guitar string. I looked down and noticed I’d drooled all over the front of my filthy shirt. About ten feet away, right before the porch ended in a collapsed pile of burned wood, was a door. Shut. Smeared handprints all over the motherfucker. But wasn’t nobody else down there. I shuffled over and tried the knob. Sure enough, unlocked. I shook my head and turned to look at the others milling around. Not one of em with sense God gave a goat.
And then there was me, the genius.
I shook my head and pushed the door open. The smell was gigantic inside and I just had to go check it out. That bone was striking up a band right now far back in the depths of my throat. I closed the door behind me so nobody else would wander inside. The foyer led straight back to what looked to be a massive living room. That’s where the smell was coming from. I lurched down the hall, completely forgetting myself in the wonderful miasma of smells and came up short at the entranceway.
I felt a little cold chill then when I looked around.
The room was piled high with bodies. There musta been close to a hundred. None of em moving. And I was reminded right then of not being the sharpest knife in the drawer. This whole goddamn place was a trap! I didn’t even have to look at em to know they’d all have at least one bullet hole in the head. And now the splattered wall peppered with bullet holes outside made a lot more sense.
Liv-ers.
Motherfuck.
It was right about then I heard the first gunshot. Then two more in quick succession. Oh yeah, they’d piled all these bodies in here to attract us like bugs to a light, and when the numbers got right, why here they’d come. And it looked like they were here now. And me, the dumbass, walking around right in the middle of everything. Fuck. At least I wasn’t outside. From the sound of it outside was definitely not a place to be.
The Liv-ers were shouting and shooting. And even though I was the dumb fuck who’d walked right in the front door of the mousetrap I still didn’t think I was done just yet. Why there was that big pile of bodies right there in front of me. Godawful for them that was outside shooting but inside here with me, shit it might as well have been Christmas.
I figure whoever was out there would waste all the available mudheads and then drag em in here to keep the stink percolating. All I had to do was burrow into the mess and wait for the Liv-ers to leave. Not bad for a mudhead like me. And damn it was starting to get heated up out there. Yelling and screaming, guns going off like firecrackers. Somebody musta missed what they were aiming at because I heard glass shatter somewhere far off in the house. Then a minute later, the sound of footsteps up on the porch. Time to start digging.
As I said the room was just scatter-filled with bodies. Looked like they had started a big pile right there in the center but I guess as the smell got worse they weren’t so keen on keeping things neat. It looked like the last few times they’d just dragged the mudheads down the hall and let em lie where they got shoved. I could understand that, what’s candy to me is rot to them.
But I didn’t know who or what was up on that porch. Deader or Live-er. From the shots fired outside I didn’t figure many mudheads were left. If any.
I stepped over a couple of bodies, making my way to the center of the room where the pile was. Because it was so haphazard there was plenty of space to crawl up in so I just crouched down on one knee, pulled an arm out of the way, and kinda nose-dived right on in there. I figured I didn’t need to get too deep, just in good enough to cover my head. I didn’t figure when they came to dump the rest of the Deaders they’d hang around long but who the hell knew? I just needed to get my head hidden. It didn’t have a bullet hole in it and that was the mark of Cain around here.
Wasn’t a coupla minutes later the front door burst open. There was a lot more yelling and hollering but I couldn’t make out much of what they was saying. Almost like a foreign language really. I kinda knew what dogs must feel like laying there in that pile of rot.
I had just snapped off a finger and was chewing it real good when I heard em making their way down the hall. I quit chewing. Got real still. Closed my eyes just in case one of em reckoned himself a detective. Then they started tossing the bodies into the room and I’d been right. Wasn’t none of em getting close to me. I even heard one guy puking in the hall. I’m telling you it was thick in there. Amid the yelling and cursing I guess it took em about ten, fifteen minutes to get all the mudheads in. Then they were gone like a flash and I couldn’t blame em none.
I laid there in the pile for another good little while. Soaking in the smell. Looking around at all the flesh piled up around me. That bone in my throat was singing full chorus and I did take a few samples besides that little side-dish finger. It don’t feel as bad for me when I eat the dead. It’s the Living that gives me the creeps. So I finished my snack, wriggled around in there for a bit more just for the hell of it, and round about dark I squeezed out to leave.
I was still a little worried about the crew outside, but I figured now, in the night, in the woods, this would probably be the last place on the list they’d want to be. I mean, let’s face it, we are some creepy motherfuckers. And I still had a little worrying to do. That was a killing party. Of Live-ers. Hell, it’d been weeks since I’d seen even a group of two of em together and here in the middle of the woods there musta been a whole handful from all the yelling and shooting. And here I’d been thinking it was just mostly us Deaders left.
I’d have to be damn careful.
I eased over toward the entranceway to the foyer and kinda peeked my head around. It was all dark clear through to the door. Which was closed. I was kinda half-hoping they’da left that open. I thought about turning around and trying to get out through the back way but they’d boarded up the windows mostly and I’d’ve had to make a shitload of noise pulling the boards off. So no, the front door.
And if this was it? Well, in the long run it didn’t really seem to matter all that much.
With that thought in mind I turned the knob and pulled the door back. Tunnel dark outside. Nothing moving. I thought about trip wires and such shit but recalled there’d been nothing coming in. Then I reminded myself how fucking stupid most of us are and that quieted me down. This was a simple operation. They piled a house high with stink and when the mudheads came around in numbers the Live-ers rolled in and cleaned house.
I made my way out to the porch. Eased down to where the stairs were. Shuffled off to the back edge of the yard and turned around. Thought about burning this motherfucker down like I done to momma’s house…but no. I didn’t want to go inviting disaster. I had no idea where the Live-ers were and I damn sure didn’t want to stir that ant bed.
I walked all night and didn’t see another damn thing. Living or dead.
Right at morning I came to the river. Wasn’t a big one, more like a stream with an attitude really and I followed it. I came up on the Deader a short time later. I could tell from the distance it wasn’t no Liv-er because it was naked. Now, since everything went to hell in a hand basket I’ve seen a good share of naked Deaders but never naked Live-ers. Let’s face it, it’s bad enough to be chased and eaten by zombies but being chased and eaten naked, well that’s just an indignity few will suffer willingly.
He was about a hundred yards up from me. Fishing looked like. Now in case you forgot, we tend to do the same things in death that we done in life. Teaching, doctoring, delivering the mail. Fishing. The only thing that really gets our blood up is walking, living flesh. That can definitely put a jump in our step. But other zombies? Don’t hardly rate attention anymore. I saw him move his head when I come on but he didn’t stop what he was doing. Then the closer I got the weirder his back looked. Feathered like. Then I almost had to laugh because he was fishing but it appeared the only thing he was catching was himself. There musta been fifty or sixty fly baits stuck in his back. He had the drive but he didn’t have the skill, musta been. He’d go to throw the bait and sure enough, nine times outta ten that damn thing would hitch up in his back. Then he’d slowly sit down on a bucket, carefully cut the line, and rebait. And within minutes he’da hooked himself again.
I will say one thing, that sonofabitch had more patience than any other Deader I seen before or since. I even walked up a little closer to get a good laugh, and a good goddamn if he didn’t almost get me too. Fucking bait whizzed past my ear like a hornet and ended up snagging in his ear. He sat right down on the bucket and began fucking with it. I picked up a rock and lobbed it at the sonofabitch myself. Be damned if it didn’t land in the dirt by his foot, and even with me standing fifteen feet away, the mudhead looked the other direction. I tell ya, even under the new standards, that was one dumb somebitch.
I didn’t feel like losing an eye so I shuffled off down the bank. Got a hankering to cross over and I still don’t know why. Didn’t look like there was anything over there that wasn’t over here, but like I said, I ain’t the sharpest knife in the drawer myself. And the stream’s attitude had gotten a little nastier by this time. I just come around a bend and the water was snaking through like it was just daring your ass to come on down. I didn’t think it looked real deep and stepped down into the cold water.
Just like that my foot slipped out from under me and down I went. Before I knew it I was dragging along on the bottom, bouncing off rocks and broken branches and shit. Hell, I musta left several yards of skin in that motherfucker. Not to mention, just about all that was left of my sense because after the first little bit, through the murky, swirling water, I thought I saw a boulder ahead (notice I didn’t say ‘rock’), and all I remember now is heading in its direction and then a whole lot of nothing.
I don’t know how long I was out but I did gather some information. How useful, I’ve yet to learn, but information nonetheless. And now I’ll share it with you: we can be knocked unconscious. Now that’s a hell of a thing, ain’t it? The goddamn Dead getting knocked out. Shit, I think about it and it almost makes me laugh around that bone. But I guess it’s that head thing again.
Regardless, I was out for the count. How long you may wonder, to which I reply, shit if I know. When I came around I was underwater and caught up in one of those twistbacks. God knows where I woulda ended up if I didn’t get snagged right there but I came to about as bloated up as a waterlogged water buffalo. At first I didn’t even know it was me. I looked around underwater and noticed this arm the size of Texas with bloated up fingers the size of Lucky Dogs floatin around in front of my face. Took me a while to get a bearing on what it was. And let me tell ya, even after I did discover myself that was only about a quarter of the problem.
I was more twisted up than a drunk’s story on Sunday morning. And I was so fucking waterlogged and swollen my hands were about as useful as gloves on a chicken. But I finally managed. I broke through all that shit I was caught up in near the bank and managed to slide out of there like the fattest fuck you ever saw. I’d like to say it took my breath but you probably already figured out I ain’t got none to begin with. But damn I was tired.
I finally flipped over on my back like some ancient box turtle and laid there in the sun trying to get back to normal. Normal, I say. Lucky for me the sun was high and hot that day, and it had me laying there, a big slab of fat ass. Did I make some sounds that day? Lord have mercy. Watery farts that went on for minutes at a time and were followed by a shit stream that just went on and on. Deep-seated burps that fountained muddy water out of my mouth by the gallons. But at least it felt good. Like an all day shit you been waiting for for a month.
When I was finally able to sit up it was dark and I noticed I was naked as hell.
Well that just didn’t sit right with me. As I said I got that hang up about sex and horror movies and sitting there beside the stream, in the middle of the night, buck-naked and weak as a kitten, I gotta tell you, made me a little nervous. I started thinking about those damn babies again. But I laid there a little while longer anyway, looking up at the sky, trying to think about good things. Sweet little puppies and girls I used to look at in high school. I got up when my thoughts began to go ugly and red.
But hitch up your wagon, I told myself. You ain’t getting nothing done laying on your bloated ass out here in the woods. So I got up. Looked around. Appeared I had got across that stream regardless of everything else, so at least that part was over. But, goddammit, the first thing on my mind was getting some fucking clothes. This streaking thing just didn’t pad out for me.
So I walked, my dingus flapping in the breeze. Hell, after awhile it even felt kinda good.
And its weird, how this thing keeps on coming up sex because that’s straight where it went next.
Round morning I was trailing through the woods. Not feeling too bad as things went. And as I walked I begun to see the reason in going naked. Hell, it was easy. Get up, roll out of bed and go about your business as God made ya. Made me think I’da done a coupla things different back in the old days if I’da only known.
Wasn’t long before I stumbled out of the woods to the road. Dirt, unpaved. Looked like it was built to go just about nowhere. Which was exactly where I was headin. So there I was, buck-naked, walking right down the middle of that road. And that’s when I seen it. Up ahead, no more than fifty yards up, a naked butt pointing my direction. Now I got to tell you, I had to stop a minute to make sure I was seeing right. I moved to the side of the road for a better look and there weren’t no doubt. A butt. Right there by the side of the road near the underbrush, two legs attached. Someone bent over, it looked like.
Well, hell, I didn’t know what to think.
I shuffled up a little closer and the butt moved a little. Then I saw two icy red eyes staring back at me at about the butt’s knee level. A Deader bent over stark naked. Looking back at me. And the closer I got I could tell it was a woman. A couple more steps and I refined my thinking. It used to be a woman.
Now it was nothing but a goddamn ghoul just like me. But what a ghoul, let me tell you. See didn’t stink much and hell, with the lights out, she’da made a coupla album covers. Then she growled at me, deep down like a dog. Stood up and faced me and I knew then she was double trouble. When she was alive she musta been a firecracker, now she was a nuclear bomb waiting to go off. Her titties were a little blue and I could see the nipples were blacker than sin but one look and my pecker was standing up to have a look. I don’t think she paid my little buddy much mind because she was still growling like a junkyard dog my direction.
I stopped where I was, trying to figure out this new twist. Something was way wrong. She had that look in her eyes, the one I ain’t seen that much, but right about then I started thinking about those babies again. I don’t know which scared me the most, and like I been saying, ain’t much scares me these days.
When she hissed my little willy hunkered down by my balls like he was trying to make a best friend. I looked at her and she looked at me. Then, before any more good will could pass between us I heard the gunshot.
I damn near jumped outta my skin but she didn’t so much as blink. She just growled a little deeper. The shot had come from behind and was loud enough to have come from my back pocket if I’d had any clothes on. I thought about that bunch back there at the house and started walking faster, making my way past her as she followed me with her eyes the whole way. When I heard someone yell I decided to get out of the fucking road and hide back there in the bushes. She didn’t seem to mind one way or the other.
Wasn’t long before the owner of that gunshot came into view. It was one guy, a Live-er I could tell straight off. I hunkered down a little closer to the tree I was hiding behind, that bone twanging like a country song in my throat. Man, I could just taste that motherfucker from here. But there was the gun.
Me don’t like guns.
But her, she didn’t seem to mind. She just took up her position on the side of the road, butt stuck up in the air, bent over for a little spread show. Pointing right back down the road to where that sonofabitch with the gun was coming from. I decided to stick around for the show. This definitely looked like something different.
From where I was I could just see him when he spotted her. His goddamn jaw dropped and almost took out his knees. Immediately he pulled the shotgun up to his shoulder but instead of crashing away into the woods that crazy bitch held her ground. Even shook her butt back and forth a little bit and that’s when I really flipped. There was no doubt I was into something brand spanking new here because if my pecker was telling me what I knew it was, that bitch was baiting him.
A goddamn black widow zombie.
I tell ya, I just shook my head and waited. Didn’t take long either. The Live-er must have been drunk because he didn’t shoot her right off. Most woulda probably pole-axed her right through the ass with the double-ought and then blown her head off when she went down. Not this motherfucker. He was actually looking for pussy.
Or if he wasn’t looking for it, he’d found it and wasn’t too keen on letting it get away. She waved it from side to side again and I saw his eyes go bigger. The gun didn’t go down but he was hooked. I seen that much.
He called out to her but she didn’t move. He walked right up behind her. Said a few more things I couldn’t reckon. He wiped a hand across his eyes to make sure he wasn’t dreaming. Then he did about the goddamnedest thing I ever seen. He took one hand off the gun and undid his pants, shoved them down around his knees. And he had a raging boner that made mine look like a stick in the mud. He said something else and she waved back and forth again like a snake pulling in a weasel. And that did it. He threw the shotgun down in the road, ran up behind her grabbing her by the hips and started going hell for leather. I couldn’t fucking believe it.
And the damndest thing was she let him. Started making all kinds of sounds that didn’t appear to put him off in the least. It was when he put his head back and really started to rodeo that things changed for that guy for good.
One second his ride was bent over and taking all he was giving and the next she swung around like a bullwhip coming undone and had him by his root. He looked surprised for a one count before she ripped back and left him dickless. There was just a long strand of something bluish white hanging limp and then the blood gushed out. He tried to stop the flow with his hands between his legs but it weren’t no good at all. He dropped to his knees right there in the road and started hollering like the hounds of hell were tearing him a new asshole.
And she just walked up real close and looked at him, her head moving from side to side, her eyes flashing red even from where I stood. Then she put his dick in her mouth and started chewing with him screaming and carrying on. Grabbed his head in her hands and leaned in real close. Started chewing on his face and the screams went all gurgly and awful. Even for me, I almost had to look away, but the bone in my throat said no, keep looking. He’s warm yet. But I knew I wouldn’t go close to him. And the main reason was because of her. I knew right then if I did she’d rip me to pieces too and from the way she kept glancing over in my direction as she did what she was doing, I knew she wanted me to.
I just came out of the tree line, stood a good many paces down the road, and watched. Why? You forget, there’s no TV now, no radio. You got to get your entertainment where you can. And this was like a combination of Iron Chef meets WWE. Except there weren’t no playing around here. Here was strictly business. Couldn’t been no more than a minute or two that she had the guy reduced to a puddle in the road. And then, right before he woulda started coming back to his new life, she wandered her naked self off to the side of the road and grabbed something. Came back to the road and I saw it was a rock. A big sonofabitch. She stood over the pile left of him and smashed it down on his head. Squashed it like a toadstool. Then she began gathering everything together in her arms and brought it over to where she’d laid in wait. Took a good many trips too, since there was so much of him that seemed to want to stick where it was. Regardless, in the old world she musta been a maid because when she set up shop again by the side of the road, her ass up and waiting for the next customer, there wasn’t much but a black smudge in the road.
She never even looked my direction again and after a while I turned away and walked my own naked ass away from there.
I don’t know how long I wandered around like that. Naked, that bone twanging in my throat. Seemed like forever. The sun came up, the sun went down. I slogged along. Found an old dead something one time and gobbled it up like a snack left for Santa Claus. I got to tell you, I was hopeless. Here I was, alone, naked, lost. And for what? I remembered burning down momma’s house and couldn’t really figure on what had drove me to it. Did I think that was gonna make things better? That somehow I’d elevate my status from the common ghoul to some sort of ghoul epitome? It was all lost to me now. I ate dead shit like a vulture, I creeped around like something to give Freddy Kruger nightmares. Who the hell was I kidding? What the hell was I trying to achieve?
Believe me, I had plenty of time to think about it. And like I’ve said several times, even though my mind ain’t much good any more, I could still make connections. And everything I come up with was pure bullshit. I thought better to end it now. What’s the use? Thought about how to do it. Hmmm, well I couldn’t eat myself. Everything was about the head and I damn sure couldn’t eat that. So maybe jumping off something high? Sounded like too iffy. Running my head into a tree? Again, it seemed mostly useless. Besides I could put out my eye or something and about the only thing I could imagine that would be much worse than this was blind. So no. A shotgun blast. Definitely, but where the hell was I gonna find a shotgun? I sure as hell wasn’t walking back into the black widow’s nest.
And it was here at my new low point that I saw the sign.
It looked like something only a true retard could make. Two poles at different levels, one pitched forward the other back. A piece of plywood between em. And in the middle a big splotch of black blood. What was the message here? I stood in front of it and puzzled for a good long while. Came up with exactly nothing standing there naked in the middle of the road. After awhile I gave up and continued on.
Wasn’t long after that I came to Zombie Town.
Now here’s what I don’t want you to forget: as whatever it was happened and we reverted to what we are now, we didn’t forget where we come from. By that I mean we still seemed to have a sense of what we’d been. Dead or not, old habits are hard to break. If you spent most of your life working in a mechanic’s shop, that’s what you did now. Slept on your mother’s sofa most of the damn time? You could barely get off the motherfucker now. You go with what you know. And since the Dead only really knew about Life, and we weren’t the sharpest knives as I’ve said before, that’s what we went about doing.
This was a smaller place than the one I come from. In the old world I’d lived in the suburbs. And even though I really didn’t know where the hell I was, I knew right off it weren’t the suburbs. This was the real Andy Griffith spread. One long road ripping straight through town. Old buildings on either side looking exhausted in the heat. But the Dead were here, or at least they’d been here. Broken glass all over the place, cars leaning over on flat tires, bones in the street. Oh yeah, they’d been here. And I had to ask myself the next logical question. Where were they now?
It was dead quiet all around. I stopped where I was and considered the options. Go on through or peel off into the woods. The second option wasn’t much to think on because there I was naked as a babe. Fashioning clothes outta leaves and such just wasn’t my bag. And from the looks of it I’d probably be able to find some clothes somewhere. But here in the light made me kinda nervous. I could still hear the shotgun in the back reaches of my mind and if there’s one thing I have learned, it’s that you just never know. Here was a town. A chance at getting some clothes. That made my mind up for me.
But still, it was broad daylight.
I slipped off to the side of the first building and worked my way back into the undergrowth growing wild near the far corner. Then I laid down and waited for dark.
When it got there I was still a little jittery. The whole time I’d lay there in the deep grass I kept seeing the black widow and what she done to that dumb hard-leg. Those fucking eyes. The last thing I needed right then was to meet up with a whole gang of that variety. And from what I’d seen lately, with the babies and such, it wasn’t such a far stretch to imagine.
Regardless, I got up. Moved to the front of the building and looked around. All pitch black but I could see movement from several different spots. Lurching shadows actually. So I realized I hadn’t been far wrong, if anything. There were mudheads here and from the darkness of the shadows they seemed to be of the run-of-the-mill type. I didn’t see no flashing eyes to make me think different.
That being the case I moved out from the building and started walking down mainstreet. By this time my eyes had adjusted as well as they was gonna and I could see just enough to make me either laugh or cry. There was one wild-haired lady pulling the skeleton of a dog on a leash behind her. A coupla kids shambled right past fighting over what looked to be a human leg bone. A guy with a filthy black apron came out of the barber shop and started peeling off skin from his arm in long strips. Intent like he was reading some technical manual. I still ain’t figured that one out yet.
But I moved along looking at each of the shops as I passed by. Not one of the mudheads I passed seemed to know or at least care I was even there. Then I came up on it. Some kinda dress shop. The door was hanging by one hinge and all the glass was smashed out of the window and laying on the sidewalk. Inside looked like the aftermath of a shitstorm. Clothes were flung everywhere. Racks knocked over and crushed flat. All the counters laying in pieces. I even saw what appeared to be an arm poking out of the open doorway. Wasn’t shit to me. I went over and stepped inside.
Now I ain’t ever been a fashion buff but with all them clothes laid out for the taking I figured I’d take my time. Found a pair of pants that fit just fine. A button up shirt that I even managed a button or two. I even wrapped an expensive-feeling tie around my neck and knotted it around my chin. I kicked around for a few more minutes and found a pair of shoes that called my name.
Once all that was done I shuffled over to the mirror and took a good look. Hell, I coulda worked a stretch at Wall Street from the looks of it. But don’t get me wrong, now, not then. Then I turned back to the door, sniffing over that arm before I gained the street. I was hungry. Hell, I was always hungry, but the smell of that rotting arm was just about too much. I felt like a fat lady in a candy store.
I picked up that old, gnarled motherfucker and gave it a good look. The hand was all gripped into a claw but it might as well have been crab legs as far as I was concerned. I snapped one of the fingers off, munched it for awhile, staring out into the darkness of the street. Spit out the fingernail and looked at what I had left. There weren’t much skin left above the wrist but the palm looked meaty enough. Plenty good for a walking snack. I cracked the hand off at the wrist. Looked back into the room again. I needed something with pockets, the bigger the better, and it wasn’t long before I finished my ensemble. Senator Mudhead at your service.
Then I went to do some politicking.
Didn’t take long for Zombie Normal to start up either. First thing I saw was a form in the street, groaning. Reaching around and fucking with something down there on the ground with him. I walked over in my new duds. And I got to say, even then I was feeling a little superior. This was some old poor fucker. Looked about a million years old and being a mudhead hadn’t done him no favors. He was as naked as I used to be and I guess while he’d been walking, his knee had cracked and the whole bottom part of his leg was lying beside him in the street. He was mumbling and gurgling, moaning. Picking up that leg and having a good look. Made like to try and reattach it but that was all just feathers on a fish. Realized I was standing there and held it out to me like I was gonna do something. I just took it and flung it off into the darkness. Then watched him drag off after it.
When I watched him go I thought ain’t that a bitch. He scratched and groveled along the roadway and I watched him as he faded outta sight. It was right about then I figured there was two ways to look at this thing. You feel sorry or you feel glad. It’s all up to you.
Here I was standing in the finest clothes I’d ever seen any mudhead wearing. Did I just hang my head now and cry over all the spilled milk? Or did I just say fuck it and continue on? I mean, let’s face it, Time is Time. Use it or lose it. Hell, for all I knew at any second some crazy ass redneck could come tearing outta the bushes and bust me one right through the noggin. And that old man? Shit he was dead already. Probably what I done was give him something to do for the next little eternity he had to suffer through.
No goddamnit, it was Senator Mudhead I was right then, and here, in this place, right now, I couldn’t figure on anything in the future looking much better than it did right now. These were my peeps. I might walk through a hundred miles of horseshit in the future and never have the opportunity I had right now!
I turned away from the shadows and started walking right down the middle of mainstreet. There were several out and about now, shambling along, tongues hanging out looking stupid as shit. But they were moving. Some even had a way of walking that showed some sort of attention to detail. A little hitch in their step here or there, a wavering foot in the middle of a turn, hell, it was these little things that made me okay with walking around in the first place.
The moon was coming out better now and it might as well have been high noon. All the doors left that was worth opening was coming open. The Dead started pouring outta the side yards and behind all the dumpsters. There was almost a festive air in the air. I caught myself groaning less and walking straighter. Even when I wanted to punch out at something that wasn’t there I held myself off. Said is that the kinda behavior a Senator would promote?
Well hell no.
I stopped and readjusted the tie. Got a real good tug on it to pull it away from my chin. Decided to stop by wherever it was happening around town. Because it was surprising, really. All the Dead that were out and about. Big ones, small ones, everything in between. Doing what we all used to do. Fucking around with nothing. Some going this way, some going that. Not a thought in these motherfuckers’ heads and they were still going on with it. I tell ya, for just a moment I thought about trailing all this shit into the past and disappearing into the woods, but I didn’t. If it was all useless it was still something.
Where the hell was it to go around here?
Most of these sad fuckers seemed to heading to what I guessed to be the middle of town. There were old sheets draped through the trees in that direction and a few bodies laying about so I figured with our collective intellect these would be as good a sign as any that things were cooking up ahead. I got my loafers heading in that direction and knew I was smiling as I made my way along.
The middle didn’t turn out to be the middle at all. The little town died out like somebodies’ leftovers just past a little copse of trees in front of a church. A real old-fashioned number too, the steeple, double door, sign out front built in someone’s wood shop that told you what to expect on Sunday. The doors were red and blown open; back there in the darkness it looked like there was something moving around, but that wasn’t what I was looking at. The graveyard out back had all my attention.
This motherfucker was chock-full of mudheads. I mean those sonofabitches were everywhere. I figured there musta been some kinda cave or sheltered pit around here somewhere where they all chilled during the day, from the number of em out now. Because they were out enforce. At first I just thought it was a buncha random action because let’s face it, I’m used to that. But then, standing there just outside the knee-high fence in my new duds, I started looking a little closer. And damned if I didn’t get a surprise.
The mudheads had somehow got an idea in their heads and it seemed to have stuck. They were all out there digging like blood hounds down into the earth. Sneezing and snorting, horror-movie shit, hell, it had me backing up a pace or two. They were digging down in the graves and cracking all the caskets open. And let me tell you boys, ain’t everybody the same.
Some of those somebitches had been in the ground since Jesus and some of em had just stepped off to the Big Sleep. But those motherfuckers were hungry. When the rescue crews got down about four feet or so (at least on the several that I saw) there was the most god-awful wailing and kicking that you ever want not to hear. Then they’d wrestle around a little more frantically, kicking dirt back like a buncha Great Danes, and they’d be on the casket. Ripping and tearing, until they had whatever that was left of whatever had been down there out and in the open.
And let me tell you, it was not a pretty fucking sight.
Some weren’t much more than leathery skeletons, fragments of skin hanging off  like rags. Empty eye holes, bones falling off even as they were being wrenched from their graves. Others, like I said, just reaching the point of full ghouldom. Fluids leeching out through the burial shrouds, wild eyes staring up into the night moon.
I don’t know how long they’d been liberating these things but it musta been a good while. There weren’t a whole lot of graves left untouched and between the knocked over tombstones and the mounds of dirt everywhere, it looked like bombing raids had been targeting this area for time out of mind. I just continued standing there by the fence, looking out over the horror and thinking just look what’s become of us all. New duds or not, it didn’t do a lot of good for my frame of mind.
Here I was on the run from the terrors of the past and even though I’d come as far from my home as to be an alien among the inhabitants, I didn’t see how this had been worth the effort. As I watched another crew jerk what was left of somebody from her dirt bed, I got the nastiest wave of helplessness wash over me that I could recently remember. Amid all the noise and digging I turned away from the fence and looked around. There were more of the mudheads clustered around the church near the broken front doors, and from the added noise back in that direction, I figured there was something new going on back there. But I didn’t have the energy to go and find out what.
Right then I just wanted to curl up somewhere and forget all this.
Scattered along the road I’d followed to the graveyard were a number of houses. All dark with the windows and doors busted out of most, but at least they hadn’t burned down. And even with all the action going on around me, the houses did provide a sort of distance from reality.
My eyes fixed on one little place across the street. It had a couple of windows that hadn’t been destroyed and in the moonlight I could almost imagine it as it had been before the Fuck-All. Something was pulling me and I thought I might as well stop in for a visit. I really don’t know why. I broke away from the road and made my way over to the grass verge by a ditch that separated the front yard from the street. There was a culvert not far off to the right and I got to say the pull of that darkness almost took me off my mark. I knew inside that tube would be moist and nice, a little muddy, tight. Wonderful. But I didn’t go. I wrenched my eyes away from the darkness and looked again at the house. Tried to convince myself that the culvert would still be there regardless of what I found or didn’t find inside. I could always come back and crawl back there in the darkness.
I lurched across the ditch, losing one of my new loafers in the soft mud, and continued on across the yard to the front porch. A mudhead peeled around the side of the house when it sensed me by the front door and as I stood there it came around the side and up the short two steps to where I was. It was wild-eyed and broken-necked. One foot was twisted off at a bizarre angle and it was missing most of its left arm. When it got close I shoved it back and it went down like a department store mannequin. I looked down at it. The head was resting on the other shoulder now and the eyes were a little dimmer. I figured I must have messed something up with the spinal cord because it didn’t look like it’d be getting up to go anywhere else.
I turned back to the door. Tried the knob. It was unlocked and I pushed it back into darkness. The smell inside got that chicken bone in my throat twanging again and I stepped inside. It was a small house and the floor was tacky like some kind of mayhem had gone on a while back. And from the looks of things that wasn’t a far stretch. I paused there in the gloom waiting for my eyes to adjust. Slowly things came into focus. Something had gone on in here for sure. Shit was all busted up and there was blood splashed as far as the ceiling in a couple places. And the whole place stank like a corpse’s asshole.
I shuffled farther in, noticed off to the right a destroyed kitchen. The living room wasn’t much to pause over, just a TV face down on a rug, but right then I did seem to hear something farther back. A hall led that direction and I made my way toward the bedrooms.
When I pushed the first door open I kind of just stood there. Everybody, I guessed, who once lived here was still here, but it was another kind of living that was going on now. It looked like mom and dad had been hit with the Change because they were milling about in the darkness, hardly taking a second to acknowledge I was even there. They were grunting and groaning over near the corner of the room and when I got a better look I had to shake my head. There was a large pile of bones over there and it appeared they were having a go at puzzle-building. It musta been their kids they were fretting over because both of em were digging through the bone pile and bringing back stuff to the bed. The sheets had been flung off to the floor. And on the bed they were arranging bones. Trying, it looked like, to fit the kids back together again. And not with much success. It was about then that all the blood sorta made sense. They’d attacked the kids and eaten them; that was pretty clear. From the pile of bones in the corner there musta been at least two, maybe more. And now it looked like the parental instinct had finally kicked in again because they were trying to put em back together. From the looks of it neither mom nor dad had been a rocket scientist because they were making minimal progress.
I left them to their work and left the room. Made my way across the hall to another bedroom, equally destroyed and bloodied, and found a small closet. Clothes were still hanging inside and I shoved in, pushing them aside, until I was tight in the corner. Then I scrunched down near the floor and shut my eyes for a bit.
I don’t know how much later I came around. Not feeling the least bit refreshed or tired but back to wakefulness, at least. I heard a little action out there somewhere and pushed my way through the clothes to the bedroom. I could hear good old mom and dad shuffling around. When I entered the hallway I saw it was still mostly dark outside, the gloom was just about the same as when I’d retreated to the closet. But they had quit trying to put the children together and looked ready to strike out. For where I had no idea, but being for the fact that I had nowhere to be or go, I decided to shadow them for a bit. See what was what.
They passed me by without the faintest interest and made their way for the front door. I gave them a minute and started up behind them. Got to the front door and saw them already shambling across the front yard. Momma tripped in the ditch and went down face-first but dad continued along like he didn’t notice. She flapped around for a minute, trying to pull herself out of the mud, and then she was back on her feet and leaving muddy tracks as she followed her mudhead husband. And as I stood there on the porch I noticed there was plenty of others headed in much the same direction. The graveyard across the street was mostly empty now and just past the tree line I could make out a faint pink in the sky from the approaching day.
A growing number of mudheads were passing by the church and heading off into the deeper gloom. I followed. Just to the back of the church was a cut in the forest that grew up tight, and it looked like every mudhead in town was making their way here. A trail snaked back into the woods and we all shambled forward, bumping into each other, some spinning off to make their way through the trees, flailing and going at it like a buncha fucking clowns.
I stayed near the back and slowed down. Kept walking. After about ten minutes we came to it. Some sorta cave entrance, it looked like. Hundreds of mudheads streaming into the gaping hole. There was a sign hanging above but I couldn’t make out what it said. Reading was something that had passed me by ages before. When I got to the entrance I pushed inside and moved right along with the rest. I could hear a humming that seemed to come from all around and a long string of lights leading off into the distance told me the sound was from a generator. What the hell? I thought. Electricity? Who the hell had put this into motion? Most of the mudheads I was traveling with looked as capable of figuring out a generator as a toad contemplating the universe.
But someone, or something, had.
I thought now about those damn babies from a couple of days back. Then the look on the face of the black widow, shaking her ass at whoever might happen by. The dangerous ones, the smart ones. The chill set a little deeper in my bones.
Wasn’t much longer till we came to a big chamber and the light spread out a little here, filling the room. I moved off to the wall and stared at the mudheads. There musta been several hundred milling around down here in the gloom. And I could see that all along the sides were deeper patches of black. Rooms. And all the mudheads were moving into whichever one they were closest to. I thought of all the spaces down here, and all the dead pushing into them, tighter and tighter, just like I used to do in the closet back home. Wet drippy places packed with the dead.
I stood against the wall and watched the crowd drift away to their holes. It didn’t take long until I was alone in the vast hall. I poked my head into a couple of holes, feeling that lovely pull of darkness and bodies. But I didn’t go inside. Because, I thought, this might not be the end of it. Another larger entrance was set into the back wall, like a continuation of the tunnel that had led us here. I made my way over. Found myself looking down a long hallway.
Hearing the screams of the damned.
I shuffled forward. There were cells lining the way on both sides and the people I saw inside were not mudheads. They were alive, or at least technically so, just hanging on in fact. Most looked like they hadn’t eaten in a month of Sundays and hardly any of em had on much more than rags. There were women and men, kids. All packed in and wailing. Some shrank away from the bars at my passing but many continued to wail and scream, their eyes wild.
I was about halfway down the hall when I noticed a shadow disconnect from the wall. Red, devil eyes fixed on from about ten feet away. I stopped moving forward. Just stood there. The shadow stepped closer and took on form. A mudhead, obviously, but not one of the new Regulars. No. This one had that same look in his eyes, devilment. Plotting. I shuffled back a step and the dead thing came on. It walked right up to me and peered long and hard, straight into my eyes. I had a hard time not looking away, but there was something telling me that would definitely be the wrong thing to do. It walked around me like a bully sizing up some schoolyard pussy. Grunted a few times and then smiled. Turned its head to stare at the people it had somehow trapped down here.
And that’s when I got real creeped out. This was not the work of one mudhead, regardless how goddamn smart that mudhead might be. This was organization on a level I hadn’t dreamed of. And all the while that malicious shade stood beside me, glancing my way and then back to the prisoners, that snake-like smile teasing the corners of its mouth. I knew what it was saying: I did this. I can do more.
I decided it was time to get the hell outta Dodge.
I edged away from the mudhead and started making my way back to the chamber. I could feel those demon-red eyes burning a hole in my back as I shuffled away and it took all I had not to turn around to see what was going on behind me. I just wanted to get the fuck out. I needed a little time to think about what I’d found down here.
I made the chamber without a hand coming down on my shoulder and sped up without trying to look like it. Nothing here to see folks, just an old dumbass mudhead shuffling along. When I got all the way across I turned around and saw I was not alone. The Red Eye had followed me out and now I saw there were at least ten more of em standing around it. All staring straight across the expanse at me. I turned back to the tunnel I’d come in at and sped the fuck up. Daylight or not outside, there was no fucking way I was staying down here.
I bumped into one straggler on the way out, knocking it backward into the rough wall. It hit the ground with a thump and I looked real quick at its eyes. Dull, black. This kinda shit was starting to be something to pay attention to. I scooted around the mudhead and made for the shaft of light at the entrance.
It was full day outside. The sun was already shining through a bunch of cottony-looking clouds overhead and on just about any other day it would have been something to pause and consider. But all that was not on my agenda. Where there were ten Red Eyes there could always be a hundred and from the looks I’d been recently getting from that crew I didn’t think it would pay to hang around.
I thought about heading back to the town, maybe crawl up underneath something in the church, but the thought of that bunch back there already across the chamber and scrambling down the entrance tunnel ix-nayed all that. I didn’t need to hang around. If I did it might not be long before I was sharing cell space with some thoroughly pissed off Live-ers.
I left the tunnel and started down the path. In the light it looked bigger than it had in the darkness and I didn’t want anything following me. I broke off into the woods about twenty, thirty feet in, and tried not to make hell-all of noise on the way through the brush and undergrowth. Just ahead was a slight hill, covered in skinny pines. I began making my way up, scrabbling in the loose soil and fighting for purchase, grabbing tree trunks as I got higher.
I slipped near the top and slid down a few feet, pulling up on the roots of a sizable oak just down the way. I squeezed back into a sitting position with my back hard against the trunk. When I turned my head to glance back the way I’d come, I saw em. From where I was it was a straight line of sight down and to the right. Several of the Red Eyes were already standing in the dirt right outside the entrance to the cave, and then several more pushed their way through to daylight. I hunched down instinctively and made myself as small as possible. I didn’t have any illusions about what it was that had got them on the march. Because that’s another thing the movies had got all wrong. Probably because it was easier to shoot during the day, but speaking from experience, mudheads don’t like the light much. Leastways if it’s real hot. Shit starts coming loose, ya know? And having a huge wet underground chamber to pass the day? Hell that was a no-brainer, even for us. But these new motherfuckers didn’t seem to mind one bit. While I had thought I was safe in my difference, I now saw that things were beginning to go even slightly more weird.
Those motherfuckers down there were looking for me and I didn’t think they’d be throwing me any parties once they found me. I can’t say I felt fear right then but it was pretty near the closest thing to it.
One of em, the one I saw first down there I felt sure, had pushed to the front of the rough circle of Red Eyes and was sorta pointing around. Grunting real loud and shaking like a retard. I tell you, that motherfucker was worked up. The rest continued standing around, watching him go, almost nodding their heads at the appropriate places. Then, just as sudden, Red Eye made off down the trail back into town with about half of em in tow. The rest turned off the trail and started heading in different directions into the woods. None of them, I saw thankfully, heading my way. The hill was a bit of a challenge for us and not many of them seemed to have the head of steam that Red Eye had.
I tried to hunch down even lower, glad I didn’t breathe now. Stillness was the key here. I lost Red Eye and his bunch on the other side of the tree but didn’t let it worry me much. They appeared to be heading back to town and they sure as hell wouldn’t find my ass there. And from what I could see, or at least hear, from the rest of em they were already barking up the wrong tree. I decided to give em a while and head out when I thought the coast was clear.
I waited until I hadn’t heard anything for a good while. Then, carefully, like a slug sliding uphill, I left the tree and crab-crawled up to the top of the hill. Old Red Eyes and his bunch would be digging through the town for a bit and I figured this was the best time to put some footsteps between me and them. I stood up, fighting the urge to stay hunched down, and looked around. It was all pretty much the same as far as I could tell.
I picked a direction and started moving off through the trees.
Round about dusk I heard more sounds. Typical shit really, groans and moans. But no red eyes shining through the gloom. It seemed more like my neighborhood. I kept on ambling forward because, through the trees, oddly enough I saw a light. And something damn bright from the looks of it.
I made my way through the trees, encountering a few of the mudheads as I went. Luckily these were of the standard variety, and those lights were pulling everything around there to that bright spot. Along with me. I got to the end of the trees and there was a big cleared area. It looked like whoever it was had gotten hold of some heavy machinery and mowed down a whole lotta shit. And among all the stumps there was a line of fence. The lights were set up behind that and shining our way. Dumbly, I kept pushing forward. I had one mudhead on my left when the shit went down. The mudhead suddenly gave a jolt like someone had just hit it with a taser and that motherfucker went down like a bag of rocks. I flinched just as the sound hit me. Then, seconds later, another volley. Whoever was behind the line of fence was shooting!
I got down on the ground and craned my neck forward, trying to get a line on anything. The lights were blinding and the sound of shots seemed to be coming from everywhere at once. Grass was kicking up around me, mudheads were going down. I heard somebody shout something at somebody else and hunched deeper in the dirt. After a coupla minutes the gunfire died down and there was more shouting. I back-crawled to the safety of the trees and pushed up against a tree that seemed to offer the most protection.
Then everything went silent.
I just sat there watching more mudheads shambling by. I wasn’t too surprised the gunfire didn’t stop em. They could have cared less. They continued to go by, heading for the fence and that bright light. Every once in a while there’d be another shot and a mudhead would go down, but as I said, at this point it was all catch-as-catch-can. I moved over so I could get a better view.
And that’s when I saw em.
It musta been a buncha Red Eyes because I saw one in a group with a pair of bolt cutters. It kinda shambled up to the fence with a coupla others. Started cutting away at the fence. A shot rang out and the one with the cutters went down. He hadn’t no sooner hit the dirt than another one had the cutter in its hands and it started sawing away at the fence. Another shot rang out and it hit the dirt too. Same thing, another one moved up to finish the job his fellow had just been stopped at. Then another yell and a group of Live-ers started running toward the fence, screaming and yelling, shooting as they came on. By the time they got to the fence and cleared the area I could see a pretty big hole had been cut. And the whole group that had come to cut it were bleeding out right where they went down. Musta been about ten of em. All dead. But the cut in the fence was substantial enough for a mudhead to squeeze through.
The Live-ers near the fence continued shouting and motioning toward the fence and right about that time another shot rang out, this time from the trees probably twenty-thirty feet from where I was, and a Live-er went down like somebody had just stole his Christmas presents. I thought, what the fuck? We’re shooting at them?
The dead Live-er was laying there in the dirt, still. His whole group was silent, surprised. There wasn’t even one of em who was trying to get cover. Then another shot rang out and another Live-er went down. Well, let me tell you, that got all the rest to scrambling for cover. This was definitely something they were not prepared for.
Again, for just a moment, there was all silence. I trained my eyes through the arc lights and watched the newly-dead lying on the ground. I knew what was coming. After a few minutes the one who’d been shot first began to twitch. Then the other. They both rolled around on the ground for a minute and then began trying to stand up. No Live-er showed. The Live-ers, now mudheads, gained their feet and sort of just stood there swaying back and forth. They bumped into each other and this seemed to bring about their bearings. They looked at each nother with muddied disinterest and then turned to face the compound beyond. I already knew how hungry those two must be, like a fact of birth.
Suddenly a small Live-er, it must have been a child to one of the newly-dead, came running out of nowhere. It was hysterical, screaming, pointing at the thing that had been its daddy. The thing seemed not to care, but it did shuffle forward in the child’s direction. The child pointed again and screamed and then the mudhead lurched forward and had the child by its shirtfront. The other Deader moved in for the kill likewise. The kid started screaming as the two mouths went to work and soon the activity behind the fence looked like a Chinese fire drill. Suddenly the place was crawling like an anthill with people running here and there. It was precisely then that I heard a gunshot over in the tree line and directly following a nest of Red Eyes charged out in the direction of the hole in the fence.
Jesus Christ, I thought. A plan.
They were shambling now, but in full-fledge run, making for the fence. There looked to be at least fifteen or twenty with more streaming in from the woods. I’d lost the kid being mauled by the two Deaders in all the action, and now shots began sounding out all around. I couldn’t for the death of me tell where they were all coming from. But I did stand up then. I figured whatever was fixing to go on at and within the fence was going to hold everyone’s attention for the next little while.
By this time the first wave of Red Eyes had reached the fence and were already pushing through. The Live-ers on the other side were completely unprepared for the assault. This wasn’t the typical scene they were used to seeing. This was all-out war.
A couple of Deaders went down just inside the fence line but a wave of the rest poured through the hole, leaving big chunks of themselves in their hurry, and scrambled out to the field beyond. There were screams mixed in with grunts now. Constantly. Guns were firing. I watched as the Dead and the Live came together like two armies smashing against one another on a plain. More Red Eyes poured from the woods and I couldn’t believe there were so many. Where were these things hiding? Suddenly they were sprouting up all over the place like weeds. And I already knew they didn’t seem to care for me much already.
Shit, my mainstream lifestyle appeared close to an end.
I watched the destruction for a long while. It went on all night and was just dwindling to a close as the sun peeked over a ridgeline far to my right. Most of the place was burning and the last shots had been fired hours ago. I can definitely tell you the proportion of screams to moans had turned almost completely to moans by now. The compound would be Deader Heaven in another couple of hours.
The Red Eyes had gone through the survivors like shit through a goose, and now even the dumber mudheads had enough sense to push through the fence to all the goods on the other side. It looked like ants pouring through a hole in the concrete.
And it was a bloody mess over there. The Dead had been hungry as hell because the Live-ers that I could see were a complete mess. Intestines pulled out and lying in the bloody dirt. And all along the line mudheads ripping and tearing. Some walking around with legs or arms like pieces of Thanksgiving turkeys. And then of course there was always the Live-ers coming back to life. But as I’ve said, the bunch had been hungry. This wasn’t just a bite here and there. From where I was I could see severed heads lying in the dirt with blinking eyes. Half a person pulling what was left of its naked self off around the side of a building over there. Another dimwit walking around with no arms.
But all these things I’d seen in some fashion before. Hell that’s really all Deaders do is walk around looking for Live-ers. Except for me of course. I’d gotten pretty damn used to the chicken bone lodged in my throat, and as I’ve also said before, for some reason I just ain’t got the stomach for it. What I saw next was something new. A Deader had somehow made it to the top of one of the buildings back there and had something in its hand. Then it held the thing to its mouth and started making a God-awful amount of noise. It musta been a megaphone because I could hear that sonofabitch from where I was in the tree line. I couldn’t make heads or tails of what it was saying but I could damn sure get the message.
It was pointing and jerking like the one was that brought its bunch looking for me at the cave, and though it was a different one, I had a hard time believing that that one had just happened to end up here too, the intention was the same. It was directing traffic. Organizing. Or from the looks of it, trying to organize.
There were still a helluva lot more mudheads than Red Eyes and since the mudheads for the most part didn’t have sense enough to pour water out of a boot, the Head Honcho wasn’t making a whole lot of progress on em. But the Red Eyes were another ball of wax altogether. They were forming up in little knots and bands, and they did seem to be involved in something approaching intent. What kind, I had no idea, so me being me, I decided to hang around a little bit. Get a feel for the action, for this new twist.
I sat down near the tree and decided to wait for nightfall.
By the time I was ready to move the moon was full and bright directly overhead. And all during the day while I had lain in wait, the mudheads had poured on through the woods. All heading toward what I now thought of as Headquarters. It was an old word that had popped into my head as I’d watched them work over the course of the day and it seemed the right one. And still the Dead kept pouring in. I tell you, it was amazing that there could be that many of em this close around. It didn’t give much hope to whatever Live-ers were still around either. Especially now that some of us had figured out how to use bolt-cutters and shotguns. This still sent an eerie little thread of nervousness down my spine.
And that, I have to admit, was mostly what kept me around, instead of heading out through the trees and the hell away from there. I had to find out what was in the making.
Also at some point during the day a team of Red Eyes had come out and busted the gate wide. Even though I couldn’t see their eyes in the daylight there was no way I believed a regular Deader would have had the sense to open it. They’d a been pressed up against it moaning for a hundred years before one of em mighta had the sense to try the locks. And even then it woulda been fumbling madness. But not with the Red Eyes. A group of five or so shambled out with the bolt-cutters and it didn’t take two shakes before that fence was wide open.
Like they were staging some sorta reunion.
I picked a small throng of Deaders and joined in with them, keeping my head down, shuffling my feet. Moaning and groaning to beat the band. I didn’t want any Red Eye getting ideas about what sorta Deader I might be, since in reality I didn’t now myself. I just knew I wasn’t like either one of the two groups I’d been seeing. Fucking odd man out, just like in the old days.
We crossed over the expanse of tree stumps and come up to the gate. There were a buncha us waiting around for our chance to pass through and I took a little time to look around. Most of the Deaders had that dull, blank look that only got ramped up when a Live-er showed itself, but here and there I did get that glint of red from a scattered few. And these, of course, were the ones who were moving with more purpose. I tried to stay the hell away from them on something not far from religious purposes.
Pretty soon I’d managed to press up close and then through the fence and then I found myself in the compound. It was like a concert was fixing to ramp up. Almost, if you could say it, a festive air in the crowd. Deaders moving here and there, some carrying shit, others just wandering around, drooling. I tried to place myself in this group. Like a spy, really. Eyes and ears open for whatever there was to learn.
I made my way over to where the hole in the fence was and saw all the blood and pieces of people laying around. Found an eyeball in the dirt and couldn’t resist the urge to pick it up and pop it in my mouth without even dusting it off. Man it was delicious. I couldn’t even fight the urge as that eyeball went down and found myself on the ground like a dog, licking at the bloody mud, fucking up my new duds in the process. All bells and whistles in my head as whatever thoughts I could manage passed away.
Not long after, as I was laying there in the dirt and blood with the last echoes of paradise ringing in my head, I started hearing the voice over the megaphone again. At first I couldn’t place it but then I remembered the Honcho on top of the building and everything came home to me again. I guess the eyeball and blood had somewhat clouded my senses. Anyway, I scrabbled to my feet and looked around.
There seemed to be a focus to all the confusion somewhere over to my left so I started in that direction. I pushed and shoved through the crowd to its perimeter and when I got there I was in for another surprise. Right in front of me was a stage of sorts, nothing really that organized, but not too bad really considering what we are. A couple of big pieces of plywood had been set on 55-gallon drums and there were about ten Live-ers, all buck naked, standing or crouching on top, staring with the same wild eyes I remembered from the cave at all us Deaders grouped around them.
They knew they didn’t have a chance and I did too.
Head Honcho was standing in front of the stage, the megaphone in his hand, blaring on about something. From the looks of the faces around me nobody had a mind as to what the hell it was talking about but again, the intention was clear. These were captives and their futures did not look bright. All around me were a buncha Deaders like dogs straining at the leash. Only the sound of the Head Honcho was keeping this bunch from tearing into the ones up on stage with relish. Hell, I even almost wanted to myself.
I felt the weight of the crowd pushing up from behind, again like the rock concerts I used to attend when I was something else. Suddenly, I felt a little sick seeing the faces of the people up there on stage and knowing what was fixing to go down. It was a mixture of homesickness and just plain disgust, but unknowingly I’d gotten myself in a position that was just about inescapable. These dogs behind me were panting for the kill and wasn’t nothing in this world or the next that was gonna keep em from it.
Right about then the Head Honcho stopped all his bullshit and everything got real quiet. I looked around at the dead faces in the crowd and felt that sickness at the pit of my stomach again. They were about fit to be tied. Even then, I had no idea what was holding this crowd back. Hell, in the first few weeks of the Change just the suggestion of a Live-er was enough to send hordes of these dead motherfuckers into a frenzy and here they were now like greyhounds before the pistol shot. And me right up there in the front row. Well, curiosity wasn’t gonna kill this cat but I was damn sure fixing to get a lot of blood on my new clothes. But looking down at myself I’d already fucked them up anyway. Us Deaders are shit for presentation.
But enough of that.
The Head Honcho had walked away from the stage now and made his way back to where the crowd was bunched up. For a minute there I thought that sonofabitch was gonna come over my way but he shouldered into the crowd about ten, fifteen feet away and it was like everything in the world just stopped for a second. Then it was almost like slow-motion as it brought that goddamn megaphone up to its blue lips.
I knew it was curtains right then and the Live-ers up on stage knew it too. They began fighting at the chains that had them anchored to the plywood but it was like nothing. Honcho yelled something that sounded like a cat getting strangled and then it was hell for sure.
The whole crowd, me included, surged forward and hit that make-shift stage without batting an eye. From where I was being pushed and shoved I saw the barrels go over with the plywood and the Live-ers started screaming but it was like a wave swallowing a beach. 
It was like all the Deaders in the world crunching down on those few Live-ers and let me tell you, it was not a pretty scene. People, live and dead, started getting tossed around and the blood began to flow. Pack madness. I got knocked down on my knees in the rush and it felt like a herd of cattle stompin a mudhole in my ass. It took me a while to get back on my feet and when I did it was chaos. I saw an arm flying through the air and a naked woman being ripped to pieces. I guess the Red Eyes had stripped the captives to make it easier on the teeth because it was a blood-splash event. Even ripped apart the Live-ers blood was still hot and this brought everything to a boil.
Deaders started turning on Deaders. Ripping and tearing on rotten flesh, blood droplets coming down from above like rain. At one point I looked down and some somebitch had most of my foot in its mouth and was just about to leave me a little shy of a coupla digits, but I clubbed that bastard across the face with an arm I found myself holding and then I just went shit-city on everything around me.
I was never good with crowds in the old days, and like they say, old dogs ain’t much for new tricks.
I went to hollering and yelling like the devil with his ass in a crack and after what seemed like forever managed to work myself up against one of them barrels. I noticed it didn’t have a top and I slid inside like an earthworm heading home. Well those motherfuckers banged and rattled against that barrel for forty forevers and when things finally died down I was still hunkered down, afraid to peek outside. I let another little while pass and then worked up the courage to poke my head out.
Blood and body parts were laying around everywhere and about half of the pieces looked as old as yesterday’s news. As I said, when the frenzy hits you just better duck your fucking head and make for the nearest exit.
I crawled out and stood up. Mudheads and Red Eyes were milling about, covered in blood and muck but at least the craziness had stopped. There wasn’t sign one of the Live-ers who’d been up on that stage though. But to give credit where credit is due, they didn’t have to worry about living the rest of their existence as one of us because there wasn’t a scrap to be seen. They musta all been in pieces scattered around the Pearly Gates right about then.
Well, I thought, enough is enough. The only thought in my head was to put as many miles between these lunatics as I could but something held me back. To this day I just wish I’d’a gone on and got the fuck outta there. But I didn’t. I stayed. Milled around like the rest of em, like I was looking for shit I lost in the dust. But there was something still itching me at the back of my mind.
Didn’t take long to figure out what it was.
You see, this compound did have a couple of buildings. One of them was burning as I left the barrel and it was interesting to watch one of the arc-light towers cook until it got weak and tilted over a bit before going completely over and taking out a whole group of mudheads. But me being me, I kept an eye out for the Red Eyes. This whole thing, whatever it was, was their doing, and I couldn’t for the life of me figure out why all the energy they’d spent had any purpose at all. But again, I’d been in contact with this bunch for longer than I wanted to figure and there was still that curiosity thing that was eating me from the inside out.
I figured what harm could it do?
Stupid motherfucker, that’s what I am.
Regardless of the truth I figured I was one of the bright bulbs in the carton. I’d just continue with the seemingly aimless bullshit until I’d satisfied myself that I’d seen all there was to see. And then I’d be on my merry way.  Like I said, a stupid motherfucker.
The building that wasn’t burning just seemed to call my name, whatever it’d been. The wanderin mudheads and fuckin Red Eyes I’d seen plenty of and wasn’t overly interested in, and there really wasn’t much else out here in the open. There were still a few mudheads finishing up their desserts but aside from that the action was about done. And when I figured on this a little harder something finally stuck in the shit I got left for brains. There weren’t no Red Eyes. Before all hell had broke loose there musta been at least twenty or thirty of those motherfuckers that I picked out in the crowd. And now? I looked here and there, shuffled over to another spot. Tried that angle. Not a motherfucking one. Even in the daylight those eyes shine like a sniper laying doom down on ya.
Lucky for me, I thought, there were still so many mudheads walking around that one with purpose, even if it weren’t much of a purpose, wouldn’t be enough to turn any heads. Or any mudheads that is. It was those goddamn Red Eyes I was watching out for. But again, I wasn’t really scared. Like I said, I was kinda beyond all that now. Anyway, I made my way over to the closest building, shouldering and pushing mudheads outta the way as I come on. Wasn’t long before I was standing before the door. Closed tight. No blood on it, no dents or cracks, just a door. And here I was standing in a crowd of hundreds of these smelly motherfuckers and not one of em had got at it yet. Well that was something.
I grabbed the knob and twisted it back. It wasn’t locked and I slid inside and found myself in what amounted to a dark warehouse. I closed the door behind me just to make sure no fucking mudhead got the idea to wade in behind me because it’s kinda like a floodgate. By the time the sun went down every one of those somebitches would be wandering around in here in the dark looking for people to eat. That’s just the fact of the matter.
From what I could see the place looked empty which I thought was strange, but it didn’t take long for that idea to leap into the backseat. It wasn’t empty at all. Stuffed way back in the darkness, was Live-ers, every one of those poor bastards with rags tied over their mouths so they couldn’t scream. Musta been fifty or more. All tied together with ropes and chains and bolted to the wall or floor. They all looked as terrified as the ones who’d become ghoul soup earlier in the day. But not one of em was making any noise. They knew what was walking around outside and they damn sure didn’t want them in here.
But here I was.
I shuffled up and watched the Live-ers go back. There was terror in their eyes and I just stood there staring. Thinking about what I used to be. Thinking about what I was now. I tell ya, if I coulda cried anything like real tears I’d’a been about three years old right then. But I was a man, or at least I used to be, and zombie or not there were certain things I just couldn’t sit back and let go.
I looked around the mostly empty warehouse. And that’s when I saw it. A truck sitting over near the back wall. It looked like the tires all had air too. And I thought no, there ain’t no way. But I shuffled over and peered through the side window. It was dark inside and I couldn’t make out anything really. I tried the door and it was unlocked. I pulled it open and craned around to the steering column. The keys were dangling from the ignition. Sonofabitch. Now the ball was really in my court.
I got back out of the truck and looked over to where all the Live-ers were. Made my decision. Went a little quicker over to where they were chained to the wall and floor. They were still shit-scared and backed away like the plague was approaching. Which, in a way, I guess it was.
And then I saw her.
A little girl, couldn’tna been more than four or five years old. Chained to the floor like the rest. For just a moment I thought back to the old days. Thought about kids waiting for the school bus to pick em up. Thought about birthday parties and Christmas presents. Everything in my head just seemed to come to a full stop. What was I gonna do now that everything was over? Just wander around for God knows how long in a daze? Or do at least one thing that could still be considered good?
Without another thought I walked over to the girl and grabbed the chain that was clamped around her tiny arm. And then I pulled that fucker right outta the floor. She was tired, exhausted really. Probably hadn’t eaten anything in days. I could feel her hot blood flowing through her veins and it got that goddamn bone itching in the back of my throat. What are you gonna do, motherfucker?
She was too weak to resist. I just picked her up and clutched her to my chest. Turned back around. It was a small pick-up and there were way too many Live-ers here for me to make much difference. But as they say, sometimes a dab will do ya. She didn’t even squirm as I made my way back to the truck, expecting any minute for the door I came in to bust open and a buncha Red Eyes to come barreling in. But at that moment I didn’t care.
When I got to the truck I opened the door and gently placed her inside. She made these little tiny noises at the back of her throat as I got in and sat down. This was how this shit was gonna go down.
I turned the key in the ignition and the truck started up. Like it had been written somewhere ages before. Luckily it wasn’t a stick-shift which I’d been too lazy to ever learn how to work. The truck felt like it had been waiting for me back here in the darkness, counting minutes until I arrived. Well here I was.
I dropped the gearshift into Drive. Pressed my foot to the gas and went roaring across the floor. And none too soon it seemed because as I went railing past the rest of the ones bolted to the floor the door did come open and about five Red Eyes were right there. I took those fuckers and the door, some of the wall, out at about forty miles an hour and then I was outside, slinging dirt every which way.
Mudheads started going down like corn stalks in front of the truck. I was fish-tailing this way and that, trying to remember how to steer since it’d been a good while since I’d been behind the wheel of anything. Heading for the gate. I busted through that fucker at fifty and fought the wheel like the Skipper in Gilligan’s Island trying to avoid all the tree stumps.
I made a few of the close ones, then clipped one on a side panel and slewed left, heading right for another one no more than ten feet away. I pulled hard to the right and almost lost control, then floored it again. I was almost to the tree line when I misjudged and went full-on into another stump that refused to budge an inch. The truck came to a stop, throwing the girl into the floorboard and me into the windshield. The engine rocketed up to full power and then screamed and stopped abruptly. Smoke began to curl out of the hood.
I took a second to look in the rear view mirror and saw there was a lot of action behind me. Still behind the fence but moving with purpose. Red Eyes in the mix. I reached down and snatched the girl off the floor. I was hoping she wasn’t dead already and something about the feel of her body told me she wasn’t. Then I shouldered the door open and stepped out to the boundary of woods. She wasn’t moving and I figured she’d been knocked out when we hit that last motherfucker of a stump. Cast a look over my shoulder. Yeah they were coming.
Pressing the girl to my chest I made my way into the woods.
It was a rough go and not because the woods were that thick or anything. It was her. I’d never been this close to a Live-er before and I got to tell you, it was not easy. She was still out but I could feel the blood pulsing through her veins and her skin looked so tasty I was drooling down my chin. But I tried to stay focused. Thought about the bunch that was following us and what they might do if they caught up. Me, I wasn’t sure what they’d do to, but her I knew. They’d rip her to pieces and eat her. That was a fact.
I moved a little faster, not wanting to look behind me but powerless to stop. Yeah they were already to the busted gate and there was more than the first time. Maybe a coupla mudhead stragglers but mostly Red Eyes. They move a little more natural than the others. Kinda like me I suppose. And I knew they weren’t gonna stop. I’d really stepped in it this time and I still wasn’t exactly sure why. If there was one thing I wasn’t in the old days, it was a hero, and I wasn’t quite sure why I was trying to be one now. Regardless, I had the girl and the Red Eyes were coming on.
I sped up a little, trying to get up a head of steam. I had no idea where I was or where I was headin but I thought any place had to be better than back there. It looked like all woods in every direction. Mostly flat land, trees everyfucking where. I couldn’t climb with her in my arms and didn’t figure that would have been such a good idea in the first place. I also didn’t figure they’d stop until they had me but I goddamn sure wasn’t gonna make it easy for em.
 She began to stir a little and I pressed forward, shouldering through vines and small bushes. I could hear em behind me now and that’s when I knew I was on a fool’s errand. But that shouldn’t have been so surprising since I’d always been a fool. I looked down at her and her eyes were fluttering and right about then I thought about what it’d be like for her. Opening her eyes to a buncha goddamn monsters with one running off with her and another bunch chasing. I thought again about what a dumb motherfucker I was but didn’t see how that made a whole lot of difference right about now.
Behind me I started to hear louder grunts and considered the possibility that at least one of em was probably running. Again, something out of the ordinary. They were gonna get me. They were gonna get her too and right then that was the major problem.
I stopped running and placed the girl down beside a tree trunk. Patted her on the head and she made another tiny noise. Then I turned around to face whatever the fuck was coming up from behind.
Through the trees I could make out the outlines of four Red Eyes. Steady coming on. The closest was about fifty feet back and grinning like a death’s head. I stepped away from where the girl was and stood my ground. I knew I didn’t have a monkey’s chance in hell of taking all those somebitches, but I wasn’t just gonna roll over. Those days were long gone. The damn thing didn’t even pause when it got close, just streamrolled up and we both went down like a coupla scarecrows. I started punching that fat, black, swollen face and it didn’t seem to make beans for difference. I felt a hand at my side, thick fingernails trying to rip inside me. It was going for a handful of intestines and I jammed my finger deep into its left eye. That goddamn red light went out just about the time the others got to us.
And then they started kicking my ass like there was no tomorrow.
I lost track of what I was trying to do after awhile, and then it was mostly crabbing up and trying to keep myself in one piece. I caught myself wondering why they didn’t just rip my arms and legs off and be done with the whole thing but I didn’t know they still had plans for me. And if I’d’a known it would have been better for them to just rip and tear. At least that way it would have been over.
I kinda faded away for a bit there and when I came back to my muddy senses I was flat on my back with those four motherfuckers standing around me looking down. From where I was it didn’t appear I’d done a hell of a lot of good kicking their ass because they all looked just fine. Or as fine as Deaders look. We all still stunk like rabid squirrels but they were none the worse for wear.
And then I saw that the one I’d fought first was holding something. I shook my head and tried to struggle up to my elbows. The one on my left side kicked me back to the ground. They had the little girl. I hadn’t done a damn bit of good. It looked like she was back from the land of the unconscious and she was not happy about it. She was screaming and kicking out but the motherfucker that had her acted like it was nothing. It grabbed one arm and one leg and held her out in front of it, looking over at the others and fucking smiling. I shit you not.
I wished a deeper kind of hell on those fuckers than I’d ever considered before but it looked like the gods were not paying attention.
The one holding her motioned something to his goons and two of em went down on the ground next to me and before I knew it they had ahold of my arms and the one left over grabbed my legs. Like grips of steel. I couldn’t move a muscle. Except for my head. I strained it up from the ground and looked at the one-eyed motherfucker holding the girl.
It walked over and straddled me, still holding her out in front of it. Then it dropped down on its knees and she was hanging about a foot over my head. I still didn’t know what it was right then but there were some connections just getting made. And that goddamn chicken bone was striking up a symphony in my head.
And then he pushed her down onto my face. That’s when I knew what these motherfuckers were up to and I started shaking my head side to side, trying to get the smell of her off me. Trying to forget about that sweet hot blood that was all packaged up and ready to go right there for the taking. I told myself no you don’t motherfucker. Do not do this, but the Red Eye pushed her down harder on my face and I could no longer turn my head. I squeezed my mouth shut but I could smell her like a four-alarm fire. She wasn’t even kicking much anymore.
And then I opened my mouth and bit into her. The second that young hot blood touched my lips I lost all control and the symphony in my head ramped up like a million men were playing for their lives. I started eating and couldn’t stop. I just forgot myself and everything went real bloody and red and then everything went black.
Sometime later I came around and it was all quiet. Not even birds squawking in the trees, though I have to admit there’s very little of that any more. I laid there for a moment looking up through the trees. Thought about how nice this would have been almost any other day in my old life. Now it was shit.
I brushed a hand across my mouth and it came back blood. The little girl. Jesus Christ. I shook my head and sat up. The Red Eyes were gone but those motherfuckers had left me a little surprise. It was all spread around me, pieces of her, little bits of clothes. It appeared I hadn’t been the only one to have a go at that young hot blood. But it’s when I saw her bloody shoe that it all became too much. I reared back my head and howled into the woods. Yelled and screamed until I couldn’t make another sound. Then I just sat there. In misery. Looking at the mess around me. On me.
Those motherfuckers.
And then I saw it. A shotgun propped up against the closest tree. They’d made damn sure I’d see it when I came to. Without touching it I already knew it’d be loaded. I even half-expected those Red Eyes were hiding back there somewhere in the woods waiting to see if I’d do it.
And I got to tell you, it took all I had not to.
Just walk over there and pick it up, something kept saying. Pick that sonofabitch up and stick it in your mouth. Pull the fucking trigger with your toe. Just do it!
But I didn’t.
To this day I don’t know why not. Because I wish I had.
But right then I couldn’t. There were too many things running through my head. Thoughts about Heaven and Hell, the little girl. I hadn’t been a church-rat when I was coming up and ever since the Change I hadn’t lost any sleep over any such thing, but right then it was front and center in my mind.
After all, I was a zombie. Not exactly like the movies had said but damn close enough. And let’s face it, if zombies could be real, then why not anything else? I thought about putting that shotgun in my mouth and pulling the trigger, blowing myself all over the trees around me. And then waking up in Hell, stuffed like a turkey with all the foulness from before the Change and all the motherfuckers afterward. What would that be like for all eternity?
I chose to leave it for another time.
And like the saying about spilled milk, what the hell was I gonna do about it now? She was dead. There weren’t no bringing her back, and looking around, it was easy to see that she wouldn’t be coming back as one of us. Not scattered across the woods like she was.
I managed to stand up. Craned my neck peering into the woods looking for those motherfuckers. Wishing I could see just one thing out of place so I could charge into the middle of em again. But as I said it was all quiet.
Of course, I also knew that if I really wanted some shit all I had to do was retrace my steps back to the compound because there was shit-a-plenty I could stir there. I stood in that spot some more and thought as best I could. Threw that idea into the shit-can. If I really wanted to get scattered around that bad, there was always the shotgun. And it would save me a helluva walk.
I finally decided to keep on keeping on.
And I got to say, I felt better. In fact, pretty goddamn good. For the first time in memory that damn chicken bone wasn’t poking a hole in the back of my throat and I have to admit I felt stronger. Like I could walk over to that shotgun and tie it in a bow. Shove it up the ass of the one-eyed Red Eye sideways. But I knew that was bullshit. Matter of fact it was probably exactly what those somebitches had in mind.
Remember these weren’t no run-of-the-mill mudheads here. These motherfuckers had brains, organization. These motherfuckers could think ahead. No…I figured the best thing for me right then was to get the hell out. Come back later and burn the whole damn place down to the ground with them in it, but not now. Not alone.
For the first time that thought came.
Team up.
Crazy I’d never considered it before. But, really, it made perfect sense. In this world I wasn’t far from Einstein and there was really no telling what a little motivation could do. And dammit, right then, I had all sorts of it.
I turned away from the direction of the compound and started off through the woods to God knows where.
I walked until the sun went down and came up again. Aimlessly, not a thought in my mind. Everything seeming to run together and a few times I had to ask myself where the hell I was and how I got there. Came up empty on just about every count. And I just kept walking.
It was round about nightfall when I caught movement out of the corner of my eye. Not much really, at first I thought it musta been a squirrel moving around in the middle branches of a birch, but a big one. Big enough to have a second look. And then I saw it. Right up there where the tree branched out: a baby. Looking down on me with the reddist  eyes I’d seen yet, like flares. I stopped right where I was. It wasn’t moving now, like it knew I’d seen it. Naked like the others I’d seen a while back. Then it scrabbled out of sight to the other side of the tree.
I kinda crept through the undergrowth and tried to catch it napping but it was gone. I looked all over but there wasn’t a sign of it now. And what the hell was it doing out here in the first place? I thought about those red eyes and felt a goose walk across my grave. And all I wanted, suddenly, was to be the hell away from there. I remembered the last time and wondered if these babies always traveled in packs. Tried to satisfy myself there were no more lurking about in the trees or hid behind bushes.
Kept pushing on, faster now.
It was right before first light that I came up on the ridge. From where I was I could look down into a sloping valley that musta been a couple of hundred yards across. And right in the dead center was another little compound. Had a fence around it like the last one but there was only one building and the rest of the area inside was littered with tents and some other little clapboard arrangements. I hunkered down in the tree line to see what was what because there was something else damn strange to boot.
Music. Loud blasting organ music. Like the stuff you used to hear at church. I tried to place the song itself but I guess my mind ain’t that particular nowadays. And like I said, loud. Standing on the ridgeline it just sorta rolled up the incline and washed all over me. And I thought what the fuck? This was like a calling-card for mudheads. Anything anywhere close would hear all that racket and come running. Hell, I wondered then why there weren’t mudheads crawling all over the place. No clue.
Then I looked hard at the one true building. There was a sort of cross set out front of it and the building was obviously where the music was coming from. Weird.
By this time the sun was up pretty good and whoever was down there started to stir. People began coming out of the tents and clapboard shacks. Dirty looking somebitches but a lot of em. Coming out and looking up at the sky, putting their hands up in the air and kinda dancing around. Nothing really organized but everybody definitely on the same page. Then the door of the church opened up and this big bastard came out and stood there for a second with his hands on his hips. Looking around at the rest of his crew doing whatever they were doing. Then he clapped his hands together, I couldn’t hear it over the music, but it looked like the rest of em did because they all started forming up in front of the church and I guess someone inside turned the music down because it kinda faded into the background all of a sudden.
It took the whole bunch, and I guess there was about fifty or so, about two or three minutes to form up into neat little rows right in front of the church. The big dude still standing there looking out at em. When they were all situated he held up his hands and the music stopped completely. Then they all put their hands together over their heads and started what had to be a prayer. It went on for a long time, everybody, again, on the same page musta been, because I could catch little snatches of whatever it was on the breeze from where I was time to time. Couldn’t make any sense outta it though. And it was while all this shit was going on that the mudheads started to come on. Like ants, really. Everywhere the tree line stopped, here they come. I heard some rustling in the trees behind me and turned to watch about thirty of em meandering through the woods toward where I was. It did give me a little start, but luckily there weren’t no Red Eyes.
They saw me too as they come on and unlike most other times I’d fetched in with mudheads, this time they steered clear, washing around me on both sides but none too close. Like I mighta smelled worse than they did. Up and over the ridge they went, flowing down into the valley where the church compound was. I decided to stay put. Just because I hadn’t seen any Red Eyes didn’t mean those fuckers weren’t already down there or coming.
After awhile the mudheads stopped slippin up through the trees. But hell, there musta been a hundred or more all grouped near the fence line, just standing there. Not a one of em trying to bite through the fence or digging at the ground. All just standing there looking silent through the fence at all that hot live blood on the other side. And before I had the time to consider that little nugget good the music blasted out, louder this time.
Full-fledged organ extravaganza.
The Live-ers on the other side of the fence began to go ape-shit like you used to see on TV with them religious snake-handlers and such, hands up in the air, head back, yelling and screaming, cuttin up, and the big dude out front dancing around like he was trying to earn money in the French Quarter. But all that action didn’t do diddley-shit to the mudheads standing on the other side of the fence. They just continued staring on through the fence like the nicest bunch a stinkers you ever saw.
Then the door of the church opened up and two other big dudes muscled out with a woman stuffed between em. You could tell she didn’t want any of it by the way she was jerking and tearing at em, but she couldn’t fight too good anyway because she had a baby in her arms. They brought her out past the big dude and forced her down on her knees. The crowd kinda circled back and gave her some room. There she was in the middle of a buncha religious nuts, the music booming out like Saturday night at the club. Down on the ground with the baby in her arms.
And it was then I could see the baby was naked.
Some little thing clicked in my brain but it didn’t stay there for long.
I looked at the crowd of mudheads outside the fence. They were beginning to get a little restless. Fidgeting around, a couple of them moving forward to scratch at the fence. One bitin at it. The girl down there with the baby jumped up and tried to run into the crowd but it was no-go. A couple of men grabbed her and forced her back to the ground. The big dude moved up and tore the baby outta her grip and I thought, what the fuck is this?
He held the little crying thing over his head and the crowd went wild. The mudheads near the fence almost started dancing around too. The girl was screaming something awful but you couldn’t hear jack-shit above the sound of all that organ music. Then the crowd opened up in a straight line like Moses throwin back the Red Sea to where the mudheads were. From where I was hunched down it was like a road had sprung outta nowhere right through the crowd to the fence line. The big dude, still with the baby held high above his head, walked through the crowd of people, a couple of them reaching out to touch the baby as he passed. The mudheads started to cluster up. The two guys who’d dragged the woman from the church were having hell holding her down now and I thought no, no.
And before another thought crossed my mind, the big dude threw the baby over the fence into the crowd of mudheads waiting on the other side.
I just turned my head away. Looked at the ground for awhile as the organ music washed over me. Wondered what could bring a buncha Live-ers to this point, throwing their own children over the fence to be eaten by the dead? It was too much to get a hold of. The world had definitely took another turn for the worse, even here at the shit-end of the stick. What could they be hoping to get from this? Did they think the mudheads would start to understand them now? That they could work together? It just made me sick to the core.
After another few minutes I turned away from the scene below and wandered off into the woods.
The next coupla days were nothing but time. I walked through woods, crossed a coupla shallow streams, ate a dead something I found along a trail at some point. It held the chicken bone down a bit but not much. It was always the constant throbbing reminder of what I had become. But I didn’t look for Live-ers. Between the little girl the Red Eyes had caused me to kill and the baby thrown over the fence I was just about at the end of caring. Didn’t know where I was going, what I was trying to do. I just kept walking. Trying not to think about anything but the next footstep.
I came on the town right before dark some days later. It wasn’t much different than the one with the graveyard a while back. Same set-up, small town job with a main street running right down the center. It looked like it hadn’t been doing great before the Change and now it was just deserted, dead-looking. Maybe there were mudheads dug in somewhere nearby but I got the notion that there weren’t. This was just a dead place, waiting for the years to pass so it could fall into the dirt.
I started down the main street, not paying much attention to anything really. Watching my feet as they slapped along. It was as quiet as a tomb. I got about halfway down the street and stopped. To the left there were a couple of buildings that had burned down not long ago, I could still smell the stink of burning wood in the air. But it was as I turned to the right that I received the shock that has sense changed me as deeply as the Change did before.
Because you see, the building on the other side was in better shape. It was standing quiet in the night and incredibly most of the windows on the ground floor were still in place. And that’s when I saw. I was reflected in the glass, standing lonely in the middle of the road.
And my eyes were burning a blistering red.
