Pure Evil


Jesse Bastide





Copyright 2015 Jesse Bastide
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved

2nd Revised and Updated Edition
Contents

Acknowledgements
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Acknowledgements

Hi. Thanks for opening my book.This is my first novel. I tried to be honest when I wrote it. I tried not to make it anything more than it's supposed to be, which is entertainment. It's a story. 
I want to thank Gary, Sarah, and Kit. My first readers. I also want to thank my wife, Victoria, for making me believe that this book could happen. 
– JB
Chapter 1

“Poor little sweatpants boy, poor little sweatpants boy,” chanted the kids on the playground. 
Devon knew the sweatpants were lame. He looked at his sneakers. Anything not to look at the other kids. His mom had gotten the shoes at Mardens: clearance sale. Everything she got was on clearance, factory seconds, that kind of thing. They weren't exactly rolling in it at home. The sneakers were some no-name Converse All-Star knock-offs. White at first but now they were grey. He scuffed the ground and turned around. He wanted to play dodgeball. Sometimes they let him. He was fat
(mom says I'm just husky)
 and Joe Tucker liked to throw the ball so hard that it made a thump when it hit his belly. But today they didn't want him to play. He had a hard time hiding disappointment. It must have have shown on his face because when Joe said he couldn't play he felt more sadness than usual; everyone started making fun of him and his eyes got red and he almost cried.
Almost. 
He wasn't the kind of kid who was going to cry in front of all the other kids. But having red eyes was just as bad as crying. The others saw weakness. They were like a pack of dogs and he was the outsider. 
He walked away from the others. He could kick dirt around for the last ten minutes of recess. He was good at that. He'd done it enough in his life already.
I'm the outcast. I'm not like them. 
Something sliced the air behind him. Devon felt a sharp, hot pain on the back of his head. He grabbed his head and fell to his knees. His vision was full of stars, moving ones. It closed in on the edges with black. He felt hot and sticky wetness in his hands. He brought his hands in front of him and saw the red. His blood, dark red.
“Oh shit,” said a kid's voice behind him. Devon heard the kids scatter. They ran off and he was there on his knees. He reached back and felt the blood again. There was a lot of it. His head was pounding. 
Devon didn't feel right. He tried to get up but as soon as he did he felt nausea. He dry heaved and got back on his knees. He felt cold. He curled up in a ball on the ground and shivered as blood flowed from the wound in the back of his head.
Chapter 2

Devon found out what happened. Part of it anyway. They told him on the second day after he came out of the coma. His mom said that someone had thrown a rock. It was a freak accident, they said. 
(Freak accident my ass)
The rock hit the back of his skull and punched a quarter-size hole through it. He was lucky to be alive. His mom said so. He could believe her.
(But who threw it?)
She said that the school didn't know how the rock hit him. She said they asked the kids and no one stepped forward. The school principal even had the balls to tell her that it looked like an Act of God. 
Devon wasn't dumb; he knew that God didn't throw the rock. Not unless God's idea of fun was assaulting fat kids on the playground. There was only one explanation, and that was that one of the kids playing dodgeball had thrown that rock. There had been seven of them. But why were the teachers protecting them?
(You're an outsider) 
Bad hospital food, bad food. Steamed vegetables that looked limp and blanched, and pieces of mystery meat that were supposed to taste like chicken but had the consistency of reheated rubber. It wasn't good at all. And then the bedpans, and the walker to help him get to the toilet in his room when he was well enough to get up. Being in the hospital felt like one bodily humiliation after another, piled high like Jenga blocks so that by the time he was discharged he was ready to leave and never set foot in another hospital again.
They discharged him a week after he woke up. 
That was he started to notice things. The sweatpants he wore were more baggy; he could pull them away from his waist and see a gap that hadn't existed there before. And then he felt a vague sense of being off, like he was different. Was that possible? To go into a coma and wake up and be a different person? The more he thought about it, the more he felt like there was something extra in his head. 
Me and another person? he thought. But if there was someone else in there, they were just watching. Outside and in at the same time. 
Devon was home and didn't have to go to school yet. The doctors said he had to stay home for two more weeks and watch out for Signs. Things like headaches and blurred vision and the like. Today it was just past lunch time and his mom was at work. She worked hard to make ends meet. If she died in a tragic accident, then the obit in the Press Herald would say that she'd been a devoted and loving mother. But that was just if she were dead. 
She wasn't. She was still at work. 
Devon was sitting on the couch in the living room reading a book about a kick-ass Army cop named Reacher. It was a page-turner kind of read. But Devon put the book down in his lap just the same. He wanted to try an experiment. He wanted to talk to the other person in his head for the hell of it. A few words as a test.
“Say something,” said Devon. “You've been watching me. Say why you're here.”
Silence. He felt stupid for talking to no one. He was twelve years old. When you were twelve you didn't talk to imaginary friends. But this one felt different. This one felt more real. It was like the difference between looking at the girls in the Victoria's Secret catalog and being right up close next to one, being able to smell her. That was what he thought. He'd tried to make that happen before (the girl thing), closing his eyes and wishing that the lingerie model were right there in her underwear. No dice, though.
“I guess you don't want to talk to me,” he said. “That's okay. Kids at school don't talk to me either. I just wish you'd say something so I knew why you were in my head.”
A pause...then a reply. 
“I'm here for you, Devon.” 
The voice was clear. Loud and crisp. It was a man's voice, but it was gentle. Like the voice that a friendly cartoon animal might have, so maybe a little high in pitch. Devon looked around the room. It sounded like the voice was right in the room with him. 
“I'm in your head, Devon. I came when the rock broke your skull. I hope you don't mind, but you looked like you needed the company. I was here when your brain was swelling and the doctors thought you'd end up a vegetable. Your mom was so worried for you. She screamed and cried and hit the doctor who told her you might never wake up, and when the doctor said she should consider turning off the ventilator because she wouldn't be able to pay the medical bills and you were too far gone (the signs you would wake up weren't there, kiddo), she told him to fuck himself. Your mom did that for you. She looks out for you, Devon. That's love. Be good to her.”
“How did you see all that?”
“I'm special, Devon. I'm special like you. Together we're special too.”
Devon felt the gooseflesh raise on his arms. His muscles froze. Did people who were about to die from a brain aneurysm hear voices? Sometimes the drunks in Portland talked to people who weren't there. They walked around shouting and staggering and making crazy eyes and sometimes their eyes were red and clear at the same time. Were they talking to imaginary people too? 
Was he as crazy as they were?
“I know how you feel, Devon. It's okay. I was waiting for you to feel better before saying anything. I can go be quiet for a while if that makes you feel better.”
Devon felt tired. It was a bone-heavy fatigue that hit him like a ton of bricks dropped off a three-story building. His eyelids were heavy. “Need to sleep, take a nap,” he said. He put his head down on a couch pillow and closed his eyes. Before sleep washed over him, he hoped that the voice would be gone when he woke up.
It wasn't.
****

Claire was working at the MegaMart  The flickering lights and the chemical air-freshener smell in the store got to her. They made her head pound.
She checked her watch. She had fifteen minutes to rest, from 11:00 to 11:15. She went to the break room in the back of the store through the door with 'Employees Only' written above it in crooked black letters. She was going to eat her lunch, which was the usual: a bag of chips from the vending machine and a diet cola. That wasn't healthy and she knew it, but it cost her $1.69 for the chips, a bag of plain Lays, and the soda was 99 cents. The management wanted to keep caffeine cheap, that's what she figured. They were slimy that way. Still, even if the food didn't qualify as nutrition, it was good enough to put a dent in her hunger.
She didn't know how much longer she could keep going like this. She knew that after she got home later, she'd have two hours to get dinner ready for Devon, take a shower, throw some food down her throat, and get back out the door for her cleaning job. 
A measly two hours. Life is hard but it's hard for everyone. So why complain? It is what it is.
She worked for a maid company and cleaned businesses after they closed. She liked the commercial jobs better. She'd never been accused of stealing while cleaning office buildings. But people were different about their houses – if they misplaced something, the maid was the first person who came to mind:
Who would steal from me? 'The maid would.' She doesn't make much money. 'She has motive.' She looks pale and thin. Maybe she's on drugs. 'The maid can't be trusted. We should look into her. Report her to the agency.'
Of course Claire had never stolen anything while she was a maid doing the residential jobs. The temptation was there, it sure as hell was. How could she not see the wealth that got pissed all over town? Especially when she cleaned rich folk's houses, the ones with the manicured lawns and water views and golf courses just outside their windows. 
Those were the ones were they had fancy cars parked out front and expensive silver and china neatly arranged in cabinets, designer clothes to put in the wash, stainless steel appliances from all the brand names, the kinds of brands that you'd never find at a MegaMart. Then there were the jewelry boxes. She'd looked inside one once, only once, just because she wanted to know what a privileged woman might keep inside. 
It was like a stanza from the mournful ballad of the maid. She'd seen silver and gold, gems and and diamonds, all arranged into neat little boxes. So many choices for the privileged. 
Was it what I'd expected?
She'd picked up the box and it felt hot in her hands. That single box could have paid off her mortgage. She'd put it back down and dusted around it, making it clean and nice and perfect for the woman who lived in that house. It wasn't fair. But what was? Not this life. 
She'd known her residential cleaning clients by the pictures they kept on the walls. She saw perfect families, wedding photos where people were young and smiling, then pictures of the kids. Waterskiing and soccer team photos with starched white and blue-striped uniforms. 
Memories. She supposed they brought perspective. They were there like little windows in a toy house, but she asked herself why she felt the need to look inside. 
Because it's your life, Claire. Your life. 
She sighed. She got through the rest of her break, then finished her shift, another mindless robot on the sales floor. Mechanical work,  a dull mechanical life.
The parking lot was more than half empty when she walked to her little four door Escort. She drove it home on autopilot, not thinking on the way. Just processing the turns, the bends in the road, the big trees that were subconscious landmarks. 
She pulled into the driveway and she was home. Her feet hurt. So did her lower back. The ache in her back was dull, persistent and throbbing. It had been there for a long time. A chiropractor was out of the question. Too expensive. 
She sat in the car. She looked at the lights shining through the windows of the house. She could be thankful that she and Devon had their own little space. It was a single family house on a street corner. Grey with white trim. A two story cape that ran on the small side. But she was exhausted. Working from 7:30 in the morning to 11:15 at night six days a week doing two jobs was taking its toll. That was what it took to put food on the table and keep the wheels of life greased and turning. 
I can't stop. I have to keep going for Devon. Failure is not an option. 
Claire got out of the car. She looked at the mailbox behind her. It was leaning on its post. It always got a lean in the winter, from the weight of the piled up snow on the side of the road pushing against it and loosening it in its hole. The first couple years she'd always straightened it out in the spring. Now she just left it. It wasn't worth the effort. 
She walked to the mailbox. The number '84' was on the side, in black stickers. The mailbox had rust around the hinges. The rest of it was painted white aluminum that didn't rust. She opened it and looked inside.
There was a weekly coupon flyer. She knew she'd have to go through it and clip out the good ones, the ones for toilet paper and dish soap and, if she was lucky, discount containers of pasta sauce. It was part of how she stretched what money she did make. She took the flyer and squeezed it rolled up under her arm. 
Underneath where the flyer had been, there were two envelopes. She took both of them and looked. One of them was a 'Time Limited Special Offer' from the 'CD Collectors Club of America.' That one could go in the garbage. The other letter gave her a sinking feeling when she saw the return address. It was from Maine Revenue Services. The tax man was sending her a letter out of season. 
An audit? A demand for back taxes? Did I mess up a return one of these years? 
Claire took the mail with her and went to the front door. She fished the silver key out of her pocket and unlocked the door; she pushed it open. She called out Devon's name. “You there honey? I'm home.” 
She didn't hear him. She wished he'd answer. Ever since the 'accident' at school he'd been sleeping a lot. It wasn't like him. 
She went into the living room and found him, eyes closed, breathing deeply on the couch. That sight made her remember bringing him home from the hospital after he was born. The way he'd slept curled up with his hands by his face. Cute. It made her heart melt thinking about it.
Right now he was curled into the fetal position
(can we just hit rewind?)
and she wanted to kiss him on the cheek. She also wished that Casper was still around.
He'd been a good man. 
Her eyes got wet and she wiped them with her fingers and swallowed.
Can't dwell on the past now. 
She went to the kitchen and tossed the mail on the table. She went to the fridge and opened it; not much there but she found that the carrots in the crisper were still edible for another day. She took them out. She grimaced as she looked at the rest of the food in the fridge. The iceberg lettuce was getting wilted on the outside. It was a week old, at least. She took it out brought it to the counter, where she peeled off the outer layers. She saw that there were semi-fresh layers of green underneath. That was good. She could make a salad to go with the pasta, at least.
Weeknights were standard fare. A package of the 99 cent spaghetti from Shaws, the generic brand in the red and white package. She served it with olive oil and ketchup. The olive oil was a luxury, but she knew that they needed it. Then she served a salad. Kids needed their vegetables.
Echoes of her mother's voice bounced in Claire's head: 'You're a terrible mother, a failure.'
She remembered her own mother scowling when she'd told her that she was pregnant. Her mother had warned her about Casper: 'Never amount to anything. Artists are a dime a dozen, they paint velvet Elvises and sell them at flea markets. Then they hit the bottle and before you know it they're gone.'
Claire still thought the words were cruel.
Mom's a bitch.
But her mom had been right about one thing: Casper wasn't around anymore. He never got to live up to this potential. But it wasn't his fault. It wasn't. It was the Thing – the slimy, awful Thing that got into his head and took him from them. It stole him.
She thought it was a shame that her mom was still alive. Claire hadn't seen her in four years. She'd stopped going for visits when Devon was eight because she was so critical. So fucking critical. Even to poor Devon. She'd called him fat, told him that he needed to drop twenty pounds or he'd end up getting type II diabetes and never be accepted by the popular boys at school and then it was all over after that. Her mom had said, 'No job prospects for an overweight kid who turns into an overweight man. Shame too, he has a nice face. You need to make him change, Claire.' She'd said those words with Devon within earshot. 
Maybe some of what she'd said was true,
(didn't half truths hurt the most?) 
but it wasn't something you said around a kid. No it wasn't.
Claire made the salad in a wooden bowl that was getting cracked on one side. The dressing hadn't started leaking out of it yet. She poured olive oil and red wine vinegar over the salad and tossed it with a couple of metal spoons. They'd be eating around 4:30 in the afternoon. That was on account of having to get out the door for her night cleaning job. 
“Hi Mom,” said Devon. He was standing at the entrance of the kitchen. He smiled.
Claire hadn't heard him get up. “Devon. Hi. Did you sleep okay, honey?”
“Yeah. Still tired, I guess.”
“I've got dinner going. I'll put the pasta water on in a little bit.”
“Mom – do you ever think about what things might be like if we had more money like the other kids? Do you think we'd be the same?”
She laughed a little but it was bittersweet. Devon was a sweet kid. Maybe sometimes he thought too much. She'd stopped dreaming that they might be better off if they had more money, but that was because she knew it wasn't possible. Not as a single mom working two jobs. There was hardly anything left over at the end of the month, and now the medical bills were starting to hit. 
Claire knew she couldn't afford to pay the eleven thousand she'd seen on the first hospital bill a week ago. No chance. She'd written them a letter and said that she needed to claim financial hardship. One of her co-workers who had a disabled husband with complications of 'the Diabetes' had told her you could negotiate when it came to big medical bills. So Claire had tried it. It was her version of a Hail Mary.
She almost started to laugh when she thought about it: didn't they know that a woman like her could never pay what they wanted? It seemed crazy, almost, what they were asking. She appreciated what the doctors did (well, most of them, except for the one who wanted to pull the plug), but she didn't see how anyone could afford to pay. Maybe it was different if you lived on the other side of town. The side where there were 2.5 BMWs in every driveway and a golf course for a backyard. It probably was. 
Devon went to the kitchen table and sat down. Claire watched him leaf through the mail, giving each piece a quick glance. He liked the electronics catalogs that sometimes came in the mail. His eyes lingered a split second longer on the letter from Maine Revenue Services, but he didn't say anything about it. He looked up and gave her a weak smile. 
She saw it as a sad smile. He had a way about him that was too serious for his age. She knew he worried about her, and she didn't want him to. It wasn't right for a kid to dwell on grown up things like money problems.
Devon was special. She felt it. He was going to show everyone one day. He was going to get out of the life he had and prove to the world that he could do something great. She knew that the way only a mother could know. Devon was going to prove her own mother wrong and he was going to make his mark. 
Devon looked up at her. “Mom, maybe we should leave. I don't like this town anymore. I don't want to go back to school.”
“I know, honey. But this is all we've got. We have each other and our little house. I don't know where we'd go.”
“We could go visit aunt Kat and uncle Joe.”
“They're in California, honey. That's far away.” Joe and Kat were living a different life out there. A nice one, last she'd heard. 
“Exactly. It's far away and we can start fresh. I heard they have a lot of jobs out there. I read it in the paper.”
“You were looking for jobs for me?” She thought that that was a prime example of how he was too old for a twelve year old kid. He shouldn't have been looking for jobs for her. He should have been playing with friends or riding his bike or God knows what else. But not trolling the want ads to make her life better. 
“I guess....”
“That's sweet, Devon. Tell you what – I'll call them. You can talk to Joe and ask him how his writing is going.”
Her brother-in-law Joe was a writer. A proper novelist. But he resembled Casper in too many ways. The cheekbones. The nose. The eyes. They weren't twins but they could have been. That felt hard for Claire. She thought that maybe she'd be able to see Joe now, if they met up again. Maybe looking at him wouldn't trigger the pain of losing Casper as much as it had in the beginning. 
Joe was a good guy. But sometimes she had a hard time seeing how he could write the stories that he did. Joe wrote horror books, mostly. They were books that some people thumbed their noses at because they had gross parts and sex and violence, and Joe didn't seem too concerned about looking polite when he wrote and published. He even got interviewed in all kinds of places, in fancy magazines like Rolling Stone and the Atlantic and the New Yorker. People were mostly interested in how he sold so many books. He said it wasn't about selling a lot, even though he did. He said he wrote things like he saw them. He'd said something like, 'Honesty is what it's all about,' and the magazines had oohed and ahhhed all over him. Like telling the truth was this new idea that they'd only just heard about.
Claire smiled at the thought of seeing Joe and Kat. Not that she could afford to take time off from work and buy tickets for a visit. She wished that they lived closer. California was a long way off. A long long way. Claire and Casper had visited once
(the good days)
before Devon was born, before Casper got sick, and they went to Muir woods together with Kat and Joe; Claire remembered the big big trees, the way they towered over them and made her feel small and safe. Was it normal to feel safe under trees so big? Those were trees that lasted lifetimes and then some. The smells of the forest – she could still remember the damp moss and the bark and the ferns when she closed her eyes. 
“Mom? Are you okay?” said Devon. He was looking at her with concern.
“I'm fine.” She snapped back into herself, in the kitchen. Sitting with her son with the sadness barely concealed in his face. He deserved better. She was doing the best she could and it still wasn't fucking enough. She knew it wasn't, even when Devon smiled and pretended like he was fine. 
I'm going to do better by you, Devon. I'm going to find a way. 
“Are we going to call Joe and Kat?” said Devon.
“Yeah – sorry. I spaced.”
She took the phone off the receiver and dialed long-distance. She had to keep the call short, five minutes or so, or else she wouldn't be able to pay the phone and they'd turn it off. It wouldn't be the first time it had happened. The phone rang:
once
twice
three times
a fourth time and she thought that it was going to ring forever and she'd have to hang up.
Joe: “Hello?”
Claire: “Hi Joe, it's Claire.”
Joe: “So good to hear from you. How's the big man?”
Claire: “He had an accident at school.”
Joe: “Oh my God – what happened? Was it bad?”
Claire: “He went into the hospital. Coma – he fell into a coma, but he's fine now. He's home with me and resting. The docs say he'll be fit for school in a few more weeks, maybe just a couple. We're watching for headaches. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to unload on you like that. How's Kat doing? Still writing for the Chronicle?” She felt like she could taste the words that had spilled from her mouth, a taste like day-old lukewarm coffee. 
Joe: “Are you sure he's okay?”
Claire: “Yeah...yeah he is. Do you want to talk to him?”
Joe: “Are you okay, Claire? Do you need some help?”
Claire: “No – yes – I mean, he's okay now and I'm okay and we're doing alright. We'll be fine. Here – I'm handing him the phone.” She knew she should have told him the truth, that they were sinking and the bills were piling up faster than she could pay them, but one thing got in the way of her asking for outside help: her stupid pride. That was her fault and she knew it. There didn't have to be shame in it, even for a Yankee girl. But that was a hard one to accept.  
Devon: “Hi uncle Joe. It's me.”
Joe: “Hey Devon. Your mom just told me about what happened.”
Devon: “Yeah.” 
Joe: “You okay big man?”
Devon: “I think so. Are you still writing books?”
Uncle Joe laughed.
Joe:  “Yeah. Still pissing people off and publishing my scandalous books. But people expect that from me now. It's like I have a license to be impolite. Kind of nice, though. I recommend it. Just say what's on your mind and fuck what people think.”
Devon: “I like that you treat me like a grown-up. You don't get all uptight and stuff.”
Joe: “We're all human, right? Even grown-ups were kids once. Sometimes they forget that. I try not to but it happens to me sometimes too. There's something special about the way a kid looks at the world that you can't write off. You know what I'm saying?
“So tell me – you really doing okay?”
Devon: “I have something to tell you. Something from the accident. It's kind of weird.”
The line got quiet.
“I think the accident did something, because something in my head feels funny – like it's another person in there. At first it didn't say anything but I knew it was there, and then today before I took a nap on the couch a voice talked to me after I asked it to come out. It told me things.”
Joe: “I'm listening.” 
Joe got a bad feeling, like he was staring into the headlights of a speeding train and his feet were encased in concrete blocks and couldn't move.
Devon: “The voice said it didn't want to scare me, but I don't know if I like it. It was weird to hear it, because it told me it was inside me but it sounded like it was in the room. And it said it got into me from the accident.”
Joe: “What happened exactly when you got hurt?”
Devon: “I was walking away from some kids at school and they were making fun of me and then I felt a rock peg me in the back of the head. I guess it was pretty hard because I fell down and I was bleeding. 
“I woke up in the hospital and mom seemed pretty upset. The voice in my head told me about how it was when I was out cold; it told me about one doctor who wanted mom to turn off the ventilator, and mom told him to... she told him to – ” Devon lowered his voice “ – go fuck himself. That's what she said.”
Claire overheard.
Claire: “Devon – what are you telling Uncle Joe?”
Devon: “Just a second mom, I'm almost done.” 
Devon pulled the handset tighter against his ear.
Joe: “Has it come back?”
Devon: “I think so.”
Joe: “You think so?”
Devon: “I hear it breathing. It breathes in me. If I'm really still I can hear it.”
Joe: “I'm coming out to see you Devon. I'm going to tell aunt Kat that I'm taking a trip. I want to talk to you more. I need to see you. Tell your mom I'm coming out to pay you both a visit, okay?
Devon: “Do you believe me? Is it bad? Am I crazy?”
Joe: “I do believe you. And I don't know if it's bad yet.”
Truth was, Joe knew it was bad. Just not how bad. That was what he had to figure out.
Devon: “I'm glad you're coming. It's nice to be able to tell someone.”
Joe: “Did your mom hear you tell me these things?”
Devon looked across the kitchen table. His mom's face looked pale. Her hands were crossed and she was looking at the table in front of her.
Devon: “I think so. I think she's a little scared too. Why do you believe me, Uncle Joe? I'm just wondering.”
Joe: “There's something I have to tell you. A secret about our family. Your father had it. I have it. And it sounds like you have it, too.”
Devon: “Okay.” 
Devon waited.
Joe: “I can't tell you any more now. It's a face to face conversation. I'll be out soon – tomorrow maybe.”
Devon: “Okay. Bye.”
Joe: “Bye, kiddo. And remember to tell your mom I'm coming.”
Devon hung up the phone. His mom looked up at him. 
“You heard that?” she said. “In the hospital? You heard me talk to that bad doctor?”
“I didn't. The voice did. It told me about it. And Joe told me to tell you that he's coming out. Maybe tomorrow. He wants to talk to me about something in the family. He says it's a secret.”
Claire's hands started to shake. If Joe was coming out to Maine that fast then it couldn't be good. Claire had feared that this might happen. If Devon got the family curse it would kill her. It had killed her husband. Wasn't that bad enough? 
Now Devon was hearing things. And he wasn't just hearing things the way people think a mentally ill patient might hear things. Back in the hospital, Devon had heard something he shouldn't have. When she told that doctor to fuck himself, the doctor showed her the brain wave scan that was coming on the machine hooked up to Devon's head. He showed her a picture of a normal scan, with its peaks and valleys and waves, and then he showed her Devon's: Devon's scan was flat as a pancake. The only pulses were his brain stem making his heart beat. So how could he have heard what was going on and remember an entire conversation that had happened around him when his brain was shut down? According to the doc, Devon was gone then. Or, maybe the way the doc had put it was, 'Devon has an extremely low probability of spontaneous recovery and you should consider the termination of artificial life support.'
That was when Claire had lost it. What mother wouldn't? 
She didn't want to believe it. She didn't want to believe that first her husband was gone and now her only son was on his way to meet him. She couldn't lose them both. So she tore into the doctor. She slapped him, shocking herself as much as him. The slap was so hard his nose bled.
Claire had stayed at Devon's bedside, holding his hand. She'd stopped looking at the monitors. The beeping of the machines was in the background, the hiss of the ventilator making his chest move up and down. Her little boy was lost somewhere inside.
The thought she'd played over and over in her head at the hospital: Don't make me lose my boy, God. Don't take him from me.
“Mom – mom I'm here. It's okay,” said Devon. He got up and went around the table; he took her hand in his.
“You're my boy. Don't ever leave me, Devon. Please don't leave me.”
“I won't mom. I promise.”
Claire squeezed his hand. She felt that her eyes were getting hot and moist. She wiped them. She took a breath and tried to count her blessings. Devon was here now. They were home together and her boy was okay.
But is he? He's sick. He's sick like his father. 
She let go of his hand. She turned and looked at the mail on the table. There was only one letter there that worried her.
“What is it?” said Devon.
“I don't know yet.” She picked up the starched white envelope that said Maine Revenue Services. It had no creases in it. She opened it carefully and took out the letter. 
She had to read it to herself three times before she believed it. Her lips followed along quietly each time.
“What is it, mom?” said Devon.
The smile started on both sides of her mouth.She put the letter back onto the table, flattening it out with her hand. She looked at Devon. “The government says they made a mistake on our taxes three years ago.”
“Is that good?”
“It's good enough to pay the mortgage on the house for three months.” Claire kept beaming. She gave Devon a hug. She started to laugh and cry at the same time. 

Chapter 3

Joe heard the line click and go dead after Devon hung up. He put his phone down. 
So Devon has The Perception. He got it too. 
Joe felt the vein on the side of his forehead pulse. It only did that when he was worried. He needed to get out to Maine ASAP. For Devon, getting a voice in his head at his age could be bad news if he didn't know how to handle it. Joe couldn't be sure without talking to Devon in person, but he got the feeling that Devon was a Perceiver, just like his old man. That meant that there were things – entities – that might want to get into his head; Perceivers had the ability to jump between the physical and spirit worlds. It made them magnets for all kinds of unseen energies. And the spirits out there weren't all bad. Some of them were just up to mischief and looking for human hosts to help them raise a little hell. But some of them were horrific. 
Like the one that had killed Joe's brother Casper. 
The part that Devon didn't know, the part Joe was going to save for later, was that the voices could do more than talk. The voices could do things, because they were more than just voices. Getting one of them in your head when you weren't ready for it could be a disaster. 
Especially for a kid like Devon. 
Joe wrung his hands together. He cracked his knuckles. He went outside onto his second-floor deck and paced back and forth. 
Is this really happening to him? he thought. 
He didn't want Devon to have to deal with it, not after it had led to his dad's death. Like any power, The Perception had two sides to it. If you knew how to handle it, you could be okay. Joe had harnessed the power for his writing. It was tame, maybe. Most Perceivers tried to change the world, to affect things around them for better or for worse. But Joe knew that playing in those realms came with danger. It was too easy to fuck with the wrong entity from the other side and pick a fight you couldn't win.
That's what had happened to Casper. 
Casper and Joe had found a bad one and Casper thought he could trap it and kill it. He thought he could control it but it didn't work. 
The Bad Thing that called itself Louie ate Casper from the inside. 
Joe remembered asking Casper about it – he'd said that the pain was terrible, the headaches and vomiting and dizzy spells and blacking out. Doctors had put Casper in a CAT scan machine and made pictures of his insides. They'd said he had a brain tumor, inoperable. But Casper knew it was worse than that. The tumor was the black spot of Louie the demon, the thing's radiographic signature. It was tearing a hole from the spirit world, poisoning Casper from the inside.
Casper had told the truth about his illness to Claire. She hadn't taken it well. But Casper had known he was getting too weak to hold on, too weak to hold Louie back from taking over completely. There was only one thing Casper could do. One last, desperate action by his own hand.  
Joe sighed and closed his eyes. You never got over losing a brother. 
He went back inside and walked downstairs. Kat was in the kitchen chopping green onions on a wooden cutting board. He watched her. 
The sun was flooding in through the windows. They had a place out in Pescadero, a house up in the hills that was at least a half hour drive from the nearest town, which was Half Moon Bay. Up here, Joe could write. He could look into the spirit world and see their stories and listen to them whisper their secrets. He could do it all from a safe distance because he never got too close.
You don't fuck with evil, he thought.
“Who called, babe?” said Kat. She looked over at her husband. 
“It was Claire and Devon.”
She smiled. “How are they? Haven't heard from them in a while.” She saw the worried frown  on Joe's face. “Are you okay? Are they doing okay?”
“I don't know. I don't think so. I need to go out there.”
“What is it?” Kat put the kitchen knife down and turned toward her husband. Then she walked to him and gave him a hug, pulling him in close. He had a way of knowing things sometimes. She didn't question it. “You do what you have to do.”
“Thanks. I think Devon has it.”
“Has what?”
“The thing I have. That Casper had.”
“Oh no. Are you sure? Is he ready for it?”
“I don't know. I don't think he's ready. Something happened to him at school. He had a bad accident. And now he says he's hearing something in his head. A voice.” He rubbed Kat's arm. 
“That's not good.”
“It's not good if he can't control it.”
“You be careful. Help him get it out of his head but don't do anything stupid. Promise me that. And poor Claire. Does she need anything? Should we send her some money to help out? She keeps refusing but it can't be easy in her situation.”
“I'm going out to check on both of them.”
“Go.” She let her arms fall to her side, then slid her hands up his chest and kissed him. “I love you. Be careful. Help them out, okay? I like them. They're good people. They deserve a better life than what they have. They've had enough pain.”
“I'll do what I can.” He kissed Kat one more time on her lips. He turned and left the kitchen. He went to his writing room. His mind was already jumping ahead to his trip. 
His writing room was sparse, with a simple white desk and his laptop and a chair. The room had windows he could open on three sides but he never went in for the view. There were screens to keep the bugs out, and when the sea breeze kicked up it got nice and cool inside. 
He opened his Mac laptop. The desktop was clean, with the only visible icon the one for his writing program. He went to a search bar and brought up a web browser so he could make an airline reservation. He booked a United flight at four o'clock from SFO. It would be tight, but he could make it. It was also expensive as hell, since it was a last-minute business class seat. He could pay. Money didn't matter right now. What mattered was getting out to Devon before the voice got too loud in the kid's head. 
Who knew what kind of thing he had in there?
The best possible thing was that is was a good spirit. They did exist. But his gut told him otherwise. His gut told him they had to be careful with this one. That Devon was in trouble.  
Joe closed his laptop and got up from his chair. He went through the house and back up the stairs to the bedroom with the exposed beams and cathedral ceiling. He packed a roll-aboard bag from the closet with the essentials. He remembered that he needed a raincoat because Maine actually got weather in the summer. Not like here in Pescadero where the only two weather conditions were sun and fog for eight months out of the year. He remembered that the raincoat was downstairs, in the back of the coat closet. He carried the bag down the stairs in one hand  and went to the closet to get the Gore-Tex jacket. 
If he was going to make his flight he had to leave now. Traffic could get messy in the Bay Area around commute time. 
“Call me when you land, okay?” said Kat.
“I'll give you a ring when I land in Portland.”
“Did you rent a car?”
“I'll get one there.” It wasn't hard to rent a car at the Portland International Jetport. They called it an International jetport, but that was only because there were a few US Airways Express flights to Toronto. The Jetport had two runways, the longest one of which was about a mile, which wasn't enormous by airline standards. If he remembered right, the car rental counter almost always had more rental agents than customers. 
He kissed Kat one more time and hugged her tightly, then grabbed the car keys from the catch-all drawer in the kitchen. He went out the door and tossed his suitcase into the passenger seat of his silver BMW coupe.
He took the most direct shot to SFO, which meant he had to wind up Route 84 and then down the front side of the coastal range from Skyline. He tried to enjoy the drive as he descended through redwoods and clearings that showed all of the South Bay. The redwoods gave way to dry fields and he passed the Stanford Linear Accelerator off to his right as he sped toward the on-ramp for I-280. 
He usually liked to drive. He'd driven cross-country for fun at least six times. That was how he'd met Kat, at the end of one trip that brought him from California to Maine. She was working at an ice cream shack in Brunswick, of all places. She had amazing tits in a tight white t-shirt and served him up a three-scoop waffle cone with vanilla, maple walnut, and coffee ice cream. It was delicious. He tried not to stare at her chest too much, but was it wrong to lust after the woman you were going to call your wife a year later? She was still a looker, even now. 
This drive was different. He was worried, plain and simple. He didn't know how things were going to turn out for Devon. This fell under the umbrella of Serious Shit. If Devon was a Perceiver like him and his dad, then that meant he was in danger. Joe thought it was early for the kid to find out about the gift, too. Joe'd gotten it after turning nineteen, and Devon's dad was seventeen when he found out. 
Devon was twelve. Twelve fucking years old and he was going to have to grow up all at once. It made Joe's heart hurt a little bit. He flicked his blinker and got in the far left lane and stepped on the gas. The radar detector was silent. The car got up to ninety, ninety-five. He had the top down and the wind noise was loud, but he didn't mind. He just wanted to be on time for the flight.
Devon needed him.
Chapter 4

Claire felt guilty. She wanted to be able to celebrate the unexpected refund check she'd just gotten in the mail ($2743.61), the one that would help her pay the bills and make it just that much easier to keep going. But the check wasn't cashed yet and she knew it wouldn't be good to start spending out of their budget just because they had a little bit of a cushion. 
So they ate what they always ate. They didn't say much.
“Does your head feel okay?” said Claire. “You look a little pale.” She got up and went to Devon and put a hand on his forehead. Being a mother. 
“I'm okay mom. I'll be okay.”
“I just don't want – I don't want anything bad to happen to you.”
“Bad like dad?”
“Dad got sick.” She knew that wasn't the whole story. But she didn't want to relive it all right now. 
“I know.” Devon took a forkful of oily spaghetti and dipped it in ketchup. He took a bite. It bothered him that he was fatter than the other kids (maybe not all the other kids after losing weight in the hospital). But he knew the feeling of self-hate. He hated his body, hated himself for looking different. Before the school year, his mom had tried buying him jeans at the discount outlet in Portland, the one out on Congress, Levinsky's, but he didn't like how they fit. They were too tight and it made him feel ashamed to have to go to the husky aisle to get his clothes. No one else who had friends and was popular at school wore husky. Only losers did.
The only other thing he could wear were sweatpants. At least they were comfortable. But if you wore sweatpants at school it was like having the word 'freak' tattooed to your forehead. It was a no-win situation for kids like him.
Devon did what he could. He chose blue and black sweatpants. He alternated, one color every other day. He got teased about never washing them, but they were always clean, just like his underwear and his socks and t-shirts. He'd learned to tune out most of the teasing. 
But you can't tune out a rock, he thought.
His mom got her employee discount at MegaMart, so that's where the sweatpants came from. The groceries did, too, unless there were coupons for Shaws or Hannaford in the weekly mailer. Mom bought what they needed as cheap as she could and Devon felt bad for her. He could feel that she felt guilty for not being able to give him more. 
He took another bite of spaghetti, this one dipped in the last of the ketchup on his plate. He chewed slowly. Maybe the money from the government will help mom, he thought. Maybe she'll get a little bit of a break. 
They both finished eating. Devon said, “I'll get the dishes. You have to get ready for work.”
“Are you sure you're going to be okay tonight?”
“Yeah, fine. Wings is on Discovery tonight. I'm going to watch that.” 
Devon loved anything that could fly. One of the really neat things, one of the coolest things he could remember doing with his dad, was going up in the little Cessna that his dad used to fly on the weekends. Even though they weren't rich when his dad was still alive, his dad had a friend who had a plane up in Turner, and his dad had a pilot's license from when he was in college.
For Devon, it was the most amazing thing ever, sitting in the right seat and watching the landscape drop away below them. 
Devon remembered the first time. 
His dad had let him take the controls when they were up high, and Devon banked the plane left and then right. He remembered his dad telling him to pull back on the yoke when they were banked; the plane went into a steep turn that Devon felt in the seat of his pants. They were pulling Gs, that was what his dad had said: two Gs in a sixty degree banked turn, one and a half at forty-five degrees. 
Devon remembered listening to his dad through the headset, the way he'd sounded like a far away telephone operator. He remembered feeling the connection to the sky. There hadn't been any teasing up there. Flight was freedom. 
Claire got up from the dinner table. “Thanks, honey. I owe you one.” She went upstairs to get ready for her cleaning job.
Devon picked up the dishes and brought them to the sink. It was a single-basin stainless-steel sink. He turned on the water. He waited for it to get hot. When it was ready, he plugged the sink with a black rubber stopper and watched it fill with water. He poured in some generic blue dish soap; the water filled with thick white suds. 
He put the plates in all at once, then scrubbed them. When all the ketchup and oil was off, he turned on the cold water and started to rinse them one by one. He did the same thing for the glasses and the forks and knives. He started to fill up the wooden drying rack by the sink; a puddle formed underneath it. 
“Almost forgot,” he said to himself. He looked at the stove and saw that the pasta pot was still standing there. He went to get it and put it in the sink. He let this one soak. 
Devon finished up by cleaning the colander and salad bowl, then wiped the counters clean. It was attention to detail that counted. His mom would appreciate that he'd cleaned up so nicely. The last thing she wanted after working till late at night cleaning other people's messes was to come home and have to do it all over again. He owed her that, at least.
“You're considerate,” said the voice. 
Devon startled. He looked behind him. It sounded like it was right behind him. The hair stood on the back of his neck like static electricity was pulling it away.
“Don't be scared,” said the voice. “I just thought you could use some company.”
“What if mom hears you?”
The voice laughed. The laughter made Devon feel sick in his belly. It sounded too nice. Too much like the fake cartoon voice. The voice said, “I'm not going to show myself to your mom. Not right now, anyway..”
“Why are you here?”
“That's an excellent question. I can think of a lot of excellent questions. Like – why did that rock soar through the air on the playground and hit you in the back of the head? You almost died, you know. And no one got in trouble. Can you believe it? Not so much as a detention! A detention!
“While the EMTs were trying to get an IV needle in your little arm and stabilize you on the way to the hospital, the teacher on recess duty was asking the kids who were there how you got hurt. And no one stepped forward. 
“Cowards. 
“They were all cowards. But the worst part, and this is the part I find disgusting, is that when the teacher brought it up to the principal, she said that it was better to drop it. Drop it! I won't drop it, but your cunt principal thought they should drop it because it might cause a scandal in the community. And if you died, it would be even worse if they'd held someone to blame. The principal didn't say it, but some of the kids who were there belong to families that donate a lot of money to the school district. Those kids couldn't get into any kind of scandal. Not according to your principal. The bitch. The stupid bitch.”
“You're scaring me,” said Devon. “That's not true. You didn't see that.”
“I'm sorry. Language. I should have toned down my language.”
“You're a liar.”
“It's not polite to call someone a liar, Devon.”
“I don't know your name. And you're not a person.”
The voice laughed again. “You can call me – how about Louie? Call me Louie. Does that make me a person now?”
Devon paused to consider that. Anything could have a name. Including a rock. “No,” he said, his voice soft.
“Well, have it your way then. But I didn't tell you all those things to get you upset. I'm sorry if they did, but it's the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. Most of the time I'm just a reporter, you see. I observe and then I let you know what I see.”
“What's the good in it?” said Devon. He shook his head. He was still standing in front of the sink, and he realized that his hands were in the warm dishwater. He pulled them out and saw that they were wrinkled. He toweled them off and turned around. “I wish I could see who I was talking to. It's creepy when I hear you and I can't see you.”
“I know, I know. I'll show myself soon enough. Problem is, I'm not quite strong enough yet. I need to get stronger to show my face.”
“Are you scary? Are you a monster, Louie?”
“Of course not. I'm just a regular guy looking to help a kid out. A regular ole Joe.”
“I have an uncle named Joe.”
“I know.”
“How do you know?”
“I'm in your head, remember? I know what you know. I know more than you know, too. But I knew Joe even before you were born.”
“How?” Devon was more curious than scared now. 
Louie laughed. Devon still didn't like it.
“Devon, who are you talking to?” It was his mom. She was putting on her shoes by the door and looking at her feet. “Are you on the phone?”
“No, mom,” said Devon. He got nervous. He didn't want his mom to hear him talking to Louie. It would only get her more worried. She already knew he was hearing things he wasn't supposed to hear. 
“I swear I heard talking,” she said. “Okay. I'll be home late. Don't forget to lock the door after I leave, I can let myself in later. And don't stay up too late. Go to bed after your show. And brush your teeth first. Can you give me a kiss?”
Devon went to his mom and kissed her cheek. He felt a knot of dread in his stomach. He didn't want her to leave him home alone with Louie.
But his mom did leave for work. It was inevitable. 
Joe watched her pull out of the driveway through a window. He could hear Louie breathing inside his head; heavy, wet breaths. 
“Can we talk now, kid?” said Louie. “Now that your mom won't think you went nuts on her.”
“About what?”
“We can start with the meaning of the word 'gratitude'.”
“What do you mean?”
Louie laughed. “Are you thick, kid? I thought you had a brain between those ears. Think – anything happen tonight that was out of the ordinary?”
“You came.”
“Bravo, Captain Obvious. Anything else?”
Devon's hands got clammy. Louie's tone reminded him of the way kids sometimes teased him. Sarcasm was a knife with a sharp blade. “I don't know – the letter mom got?”
“You hear that?” said Louie. 
“Hear what?”
“The sound of one hand clapping. If you'd discovered something that took actual effort to come up with, I might have used two hands. But that revelation was strictly worthy of a one-handed clap.”
“You can go away,” said Joe. “I don't want to talk to you.”
“Ungrateful. See how much I want to keep helping you.” Louie's tone was bitter. 
“Did you send mom – did you send her the letter? The one about the money? I thought it came from the government.”
“Of course I had a hand in that. Think about it, kid. How often does the government say, 'Oops, I made a mistake. Here's a couple G's for your trouble.' Maybe I could cut you a little slack for being a kid. You've never had to file taxes. But know this – I paid a certain state employee at the Revenue Service a visit a few days ago. And that's why your mom got a check in her mailbox.”
There was a silence. Devon waited for Louie to say something else. He hoped for Louie to leave.
“So what do you say now, kid?”
“Thank you?”
“There's hope for you, kid. There's still hope.”


Chapter 5

They hadn't lifted off yet. The plane was bumping down the taxiway. Joe wanted to sleep. Business class wasn't too bad for that. He hated to admit it to himself, but not having screaming kids in the rows next to him made that a lot easier. 
Joe still felt a little ashamed when he flew business. Or, even worse, when a publisher booked him in first-class. Just the name 'first-class' made him recoil. People looked at you funny when they boarded. You could see the resentment. 
Two things I've needed in this life, thought Joe. A good wife to call me on my bullshit and a quiet place to write. That's all. After a point, money didn't matter. Critics could go fuck themselves. And the rest was just gravy. He figured he had one of the best jobs in the world. He didn't need to get booked in the front of the plane to know that. 
Joe didn't look at the seat back magazine. He looked past the guy sitting next to him, watched the scenery go by from the little oval window. Everything looked faded, the grass and the other planes and the little houses dotting the hills behind the airport. He thought about Devon. He hoped that Devon didn't have Perception, but that was misplaced hope and he knew better. The kid was coming into something dangerous. 
That's why I'm on my way, kid. Hang on and wait. Don't let the voice tell you to do anything stupid.
Joe knew you didn't fuck with the other side. His brother had done it, and he was dead now. Joe closed his eyes. He felt a flight attendant brush past him. She was offering drinks, beer and wine before takeoff for the folks who sat up front. He didn't care for that. He'd quit drinking a long time ago. Drinking made it harder to control your thoughts. It made the mind weak, and a Perceiver couldn't afford a weak mind. 
The plane stopped. The engines rose and fell in pitch. Then Joe felt the plane turn and the engines roared for real. Rumbling and shaking turned into a distant roar. Joe felt the angle change. They were airborne. That was enough to find sleep.
His sleep wasn't dark. He felt a vision coming. He was leaving his body whether he liked it or not, an enhanced form of astral travel. 
Then he was there: vast blackness with a far-away pinpoint of light.
The light whispered, told him to get closer, tried to sound enticing. Joe resisted. The light was a door that only opened one way. You couldn't come back from the light. 
He stayed put. “What are you going to show me?” he said.
Whispers. They grew louder, into thousands of strands of sound, like streamers falling through the air in a parade. The whispers flew around him, wrapping themselves across his arms and whipping past his face. He didn't move. He'd been here before.
“The boy – the boy you call Devon – he's getting taken,” said the whispers.
“What do you mean?”
“He's being taken. One of them, one of the Lauktau....” the voice hissed.
“Are you fucking with me?”
“We speak the truth.”
“You speak truth when it serves you,” said Joe.
“You think you know better, Perceiver, but you don't see this coming. You don't see the boy right now. The Lauktau is impatient. It wants him. It wants to be inside him.”
Joe felt a cold wind brush his cheek like frozen fingers. His heart was racing. Then he felt shaking, a feeling on his shoulder. There was a distant voice, something outside the void. Outside the blackness he was in.
“Sir, sir...are you alright, sir? Are you okay?” The voice changed in direction. “I need help over here, something's happening, tell the pilot we have a medical emergency.”
Joe's eyes snapped open. He saw an ashen-faced flight attendant looking at him. She startled. 
“He's awake,” she said. Her eyes got big as saucers.
Joe felt wetness on his chin. He wiped it away. Drool. He also realized that he was sweating. He was drenched. The passenger who'd been sitting next to him was gone. “What's happening? What's wrong?”
“You had a seizure, sir. We're making an emergency landing in New York. We're forty minutes from LaGuardia”
Joe didn't realize he'd been gone for so long. The void could be a funny place.
“We can't,” said Joe. “We have to go to Boston. I have something important. A family emergency”
A voice came on the intercom. Pilot speak.  “This is the captain speaking. We're making a precautionary landing at LaGuardia due to a passenger with a medical condition. If there's a doctor on board, please ring your flight attendant call button.”
“I'm fine,” said Joe to the flight attendant. “Really. I don't need a doctor. Tell the captain we can keep going.”
“That's not an option, sir. There'll be an ambulance waiting for you when we land. Now please – lie back and relax.”
“I don't want to relax. I'm fine. Really.” 
“Please calm down sir. We'll be on the ground soon.” She put a hand on his arm. Her hand was firm. Then in a softer but still firm voice she said, “Please don't cause any trouble sir. We have the authority to restrain you with assistive devices if you don't cooperate. I had a drunk passenger freak out on me three weeks ago, he thought he was God's gift to women and he touched me....” She got red cheeks. “I told him to stop and he did it again before getting up and chasing me down the aisle to the back of the plane. So we zip tied that guy's hands and handed him over to the police when we landed. Please don't be that guy.”
“Do I look like a grab-ass?” He saw she wasn't amused. “I'm sorry, but I haven't ever gone after a member of a flight crew and I'm not about to start now. But I'd greatly appreciate if your captain could re-evaluate his decision and head this plane back to Boston. For my nephew's sake. The boy is sick.”
She gave Joe a quick squeeze on the shoulder and shook her head. “I'm sorry sir. You seem like a reasonable man. But this is the captain's decision. His word goes.”
Joe leaned back in his seat. “I'm okay. I get it.” He reached for his wedding band and touched it. I'm definitely not the guy who grabs a flight attendant's ass and runs after her to the back of the plane.
A young man who had dark circles under his eyes came up to Joe's seat and stood behind the flight attendant. The flight attendant got out of the way. The man was wearing an LL bean Oxford shirt and his hair was thinning at the front. He shook Joe's hand. “My name's Michael. I'm a doctor.” He gave a quick smile and leaned down to look at Joe. He put a finger on Joe's wrist and counted.
“Listen, doc. I'm fine. Seriously, no need to make this a big deal.”
“You had a seizure. It's a good idea to get you checked out. Any history of this?”
“Not me.”
“Family?”
Joe thought about his brother. He couldn't admit to that. That would just make things worse. And doctors were the worst kinds of people to talk to about this kind of thing. For a doctor, everything had a perfectly rational, physical explanation. This seizure, if that was what it looked like on the outside, was anything but easy to explain. Telling the doc the truth might just land him in a psych ward somewhere. Joe answered: “No. No family history.”
“Headaches? Dizziness?”
“No. Really. I'm okay.”
The doctor stood up. “Heart rate and respiration seem fine.” He asked the flight attendant, “You have a med kit on board? Just in case it happens again? Any sedatives?”
“Yes, doctor. I'll get it.”
“Good. Bring it over. I'm going to upgrade myself to business and keep him company before we land.” He looked at Joe. “I hope you don't mind.”
“You going to see if I'm crazy, doc?”
“I'm not a head doctor. But you seem okay now. Neurological stuff is tricky, though. It can come and go just like that.” He snapped his fingers. “I want to be close by if you have another seizure. It'll make the flight attendants and passengers less worried.”
Joe smiled. “I like how you put it: I'm fine, but you want to reassure the people around us. It's a good way of building rapport with a patient. Whatever you say, doc.”
“Name's Michael Hellyer.”
“Joe. Joe Donovan.”
“Wait – the Joe Donovan? The writer?”
Joe smiled. “Yeah.” It was hard to shut off ego when you had books published in airport bookstores and people recognized you. Fact of life. 
“A pleasure. I love your books. My wife won't touch them with a ten foot pole, but I love them.” 
Joe didn't need his special ability to get a read on this guy Hellyer – the guy was good people. 
“Doc – I've really got to get to Boston. Like yesterday. Do you think you could convince the pilot to get the plane pointed back at Logan? I have a charter I'm trying to make up to Portland right after this. Real important family stuff.”
“That'll be hard – you know that the crew's only trying to be safe here. They don't want someone dying on them. It's all a precaution.”
“Do you think I'm going to die, doc? Or is this early landing just to please the company lawyers and bean counters?”
Michael looked at Joe and paused, thinking. “No. You're not dying. You say you're catching a charter to Maine?”
“Yeah.”
“Is it Cape Air?”
“That's right..”
“I'm on that flight. I work up at Maine Med. Was on the West Coast for a conference.”
“I'd love if you could put in a good word with the captain.”
“That's going out on a limb if you end up having a grand mal seizure before we get to Boston. I'll look bad, you know. But shit – Joe Donovan of all people. I can't believe it.” He shook his head. “I'll do you a favor if you don't tell anyone.”
“Lips are sealed. Thanks, doc.” 
The doctor got up and had a word with the chief flight attendant. Joe saw that she got on the cabin phone to talk to the captain. She kept glancing back at Joe, looking agitated. Joe thought she looked tired. Resignation crossed her face. The doc was still up there with the flight attendant. He looked Joe's way and winked.
A mind changed? It seemed that way.
Now, ordinarily, Joe wasn't the kind of guy to flash around his celebrity. He thought that people who did that were assholes. But this time it had come in handy. And the doc had been the one to recognize him, so it wasn't like Joe took the first step into asshole territory. Maybe he was going to get to Maine after all. God knows Devon still needed him.
The captain's voice came back on the intercom. “Sorry for the confusion, folks. We've resolved our in-flight medical issue and we're heading back to Boston. ETA is only fifteen minutes behind schedule. Thanks for your patience. And thanks for flying the friendly skies United.”
The doctor came back to Joe and sat down. “It's good to know that my powers of persuasion are still intact. I have a ten year-old son at home who leads me to think otherwise on a regular basis.”
“Thanks. I owe you. I really do.”
“Were you telling me the truth when I asked you about your medical history earlier?”
It was different now that Joe knew the doc was on his side. “Not exactly – but it's complicated. I've never had seizures. But my brother did.”
“What was the diagnosis?”
“Brain tumor....He's gone now, but I know it was something else.”
“I'm sorry to hear that.” The doctor's voice was sincere. “You definitely need to get checked out. Especially with the family history. I say that as a medical professional and a concerned fan.”
“I appreciate it, doc.”
“Will you let me put you in touch with a good friend of mine? A neurologist by the name of Heaney? He has an office downtown in Portland. He's good. The best in Maine. One of the best in the northeast.”
“I'll give him a call.”
The doc jotted Heaney's number down on a napkin. He folded it and gave it to Joe. “Call his office before you leave Maine. Tell him I referred you. I'll let him know to expect your call.”
Joe felt uncomfortable. He didn't have time to go see a doctor, for one. This trip was about Devon, not him. Joe nodded at the doctor. “That's good of you, doc.”
“You're not going to call him, are you?”
Joe smiled apologetically. 
The two of them made their Cape Air connection in Boston. This time, Joe was able to get some real sleep. He'd need the strength.
Devon needed him.
Chapter 6

Devon was alone in the house again. He didn't want to stay home. He didn't want to talk to Louie while he was all alone. He looked out the window and it wasn't dark out yet. Pale light.
He went out to the garage. There was a chilly bite in the air, but he didn't mind it. The garage door had peeling paint. It looked tired. 
He lifted it. The track for the door rollers was bent and it was a strain to get it up. His bike was parked against the side wall. The rest of the garage was filled with stuff. Dusty boxes and an old charcoal grill. His mom had never parked the car in here. 
Not once. 
The bike was orange, an 18-speed Murray. There was dust on it, cobwebs on the handlebars. Some rust on the chain. He hadn't ridden it in a while. He rolled it a few feet in the garage and saw that the tires were flat. 
There was a pump nearby. He unscrewed the caps from the tire air valves and hooked the pump hose up to the back wheel. The pump didn't have a gauge. He took some pump strokes and watched the tire inflate and listened for a hiss. The tire got higher, harder. He took the pump valve off and waited. He squeezed the tire. It was holding. Good, he thought. He tried pumping up the front tire and it held too. That was good. That meant he could leave the house for a little while. Have a change of scenery.
He rolled the bike outside and mounted it in the dirt driveway. The seat felt low. That was another sign that he hadn't climbed on in a long time. He didn't care too much right now. He went down Brook Road first, because it was pretty flat. It only had a small hill in it. 
The sky was changing hues. He didn't have a lot of daylight left but there weren't many cars. It felt good to be out.
His mom had bought him this bike. She got it two, maybe three years ago. She was so proud when she gave it to him on his birthday. He still remembered her smile. He knew she couldn't afford it, even then, but he couldn't tell her to bring it back. Maybe he was too grown up then, too. So he took the bike and hugged her and gave her a kiss on the cheek
(I love you mom)
and he rode it almost every day that summer. The riding made him feel good. He remembered feeling like he had more energy, like his body had a new power in it. It didn't matter that he was in husky pants and sweats then. He could forget about it while he was riding. Wind and wind and wind 
more wind 
going uphill legs pushing pumping
driving.
The riding was good. But he remembered why he stopped, too. It was the day that he rode by the soccer fields where the kids were playing on a Saturday morning. He was feeling good, the endorphins were pumping and his mind was in a good place; he stood behind the fence, his fingers hooked in the chain link. Watching and smiling, wishing he could play too. 
“Hey fattie, why don't you get back on your fattie bike!” said one of the kids on the field.
The insult snapped him out of the good feelings. It was like getting squeezed by a giant fist. Thomas Andrews the bully had said it. Tom was one of the kids from the dodgeball game where Devon got hurt. One of the seven.
Devon felt crushed after that. He didn't like getting called fattie. But the insult cut deeper than the surface meaning of the word. It pointed out the difference between him and the other kids. It deepened his feeling of exclusion. He just wanted to be like the other kids, to play with them and have friends and be normal. After that,  he'd gotten back on his orange bike and pedaled home and put it in the garage. That's where it had sat until now. 
But now was different.
Now he was pedaling and going up Brook Road. He felt lighter than before. That was the accident, being in a coma and being tube fed and then trying to eat crap hospital food. His mom said he looked good but he felt weak. 
He got to the hill on Brook Road. Maybe it wasn't small. Maybe it was only small in a car or when he rode the bus. On a bike, it was effort to get up. He shifted down and the chain skipped before settling on a cog. He pushed harder; he didn't want to walk. He pedaled up the hill in front of him and it felt like fire in his legs. His breathing was labored. His heart was beating fast, telling him that he was going as hard as he could. 
He made it to the top and coasted down the other side. Triumph. Riding felt good again. The bike was freedom. It was happiness.
Then the thing spoke to him, Louie's voice: “You shouldn't let people push you around.”
“Why are following me?” said Devon, speaking into the air in front of him. He kept pedaling. He hoped that if he kept moving Louie would leave him alone. 
“Your mom works so hard for you, Devon. She works hard. You can't let people push you around. You can't let them get away with their unjust shit. Show your mom she can be proud of you.”
Unjust shit. That was how Louie talked about it now. Devon said, “Mom does love me. She is proud.” He felt flustered. “Go away. I don't want to talk to you.”
“I'm here if you like it or not. But I don't appreciate being told to get lost. I have feelings too, you know. I just think you'd be better off if you stopped being such a sissy. You should fight. You should make the kids who hurt you pay. All of them. Make them all feel pain.”
“That won't fix anything.” Devon kept pedaling, pushing harder. Frantic pumping with his tired legs. He didn't want Louie saying things. Mean things.
“I'll tell you what,” said Louie. “I'll leave you alone for a while if you let me show you something.”
“No.”
“I'd say you owe me this one. After the temporary monetary relief I sent your mom's way. Just this one time, kid. Let me show you this.”
“You promise to leave me alone after?”
“Cross my heart and hope to – wait, I can't really die, now, can I?” He laughed. “I'll give you some peace for a while. I just want to show you something first. It'll make you feel better.”
“I should go home. Mom doesn't like when I ride after dark.”
“Your mommy won't know, Devon. This is between you and me. Think of it as a favor for a friend. Do you know how to get to the Old Coast Road?”
That was the road where the rich people lived. He didn't like riding his bike there. It was beautiful, you could see the ocean and boats floating on their moorings in the summer, but he felt too out of place there. Like a cop car was going to pull up and arrest him for looking too fat and poor in that neighborhood.
“We're going to ride over to 59 Old Coast Road,” said Louie.
“What's over there?”
“You'll see.”
Devon took the straightest, fastest way through town to get there. There were more hills, but Louie kept quiet and Devon saved his breath for when he needed it. He pumped his legs and arms to get over the hills. He didn't walk the bike once, but he worked hard for it. 
He had to wait for the light to turn at Route One, then he crossed over. The sky was getting darker and he knew that he'd be riding his bike home in the dark. He pedaled up past Skillins where they sold trees and shrubs and it smelled like the big pile of bark mulch they kept in the back. A good smell that reminded him of Christmas trees. 
He shifted into a higher gear, moving the chain over to the big chainring for the big hill down to the water. He picked up more and more speed, spinning his legs until he was just about spun out. He let himself coast just for a moment. The road curved back upward and he pumped his legs again. The effort got harder and he dropped the chain down to the little chainring so he could make it up to the other side. The chain skipped in the back and he almost lost his balance, but he kept the bike upright. He was out of the saddle, straining with all the force he had in his body to make it up this hill. It was a big one, bigger than the hills he used to ride on. 
He made to the top. 
“Attaboy,” said Louie. “At least something good came out of the accident. No more fattie jokes at your expense if you keep this up.”
“What is it you want to show me?”
“Number 59. It's coming up here, on the left. There's a driveway, but don't ride your bike down it. Put it in the bushes and walk in the woods up to the house.”
Devon saw a driveway and slowed down. 
“That's right,” said Louie. “Stash your bike here. You're on foot now.”
Devon got off his bike and walked over a ditch. The ground was soft near the middle, with tall, bright green grass growing. He pushed his way through bushes and ferns and walked in a little ways with the bike; he leaned it against a tree.
“That's a good boy,” said Louie. “You're good at following directions, Devon.”
“You have to promise to leave me alone after this.” Devon was afraid now, but it was mostly because he didn't know why he was here.
Louie said, “A deal's a deal. You'll get a break from me. But you need to see this. You have to see what's going to happen.”
Devon felt a strange tingling in his hands. It was in his head, too, like he was getting too close to a high voltage wire and his body was warning him. 
Are you going to show me a bad thing? thought Devon.
“Don't be a sissy,” said Louie. “You're a big boy. Come on and move on up to the house. Just don't let anyone see. You're going to creep around to the back. There's a good view from there.”
Devon walked through the tangled undergrowth of the forest that surrounded the house. He felt a scratch against his leg and saw that it was a wild raspberry bush. He kept walking, stepping and crunching on twigs and leaves. He had to move around little alders and saplings that were trying their best to gain a foothold in the forest underneath the bigger trees. 
“Here you go,” said Louie. “Crouch down here and look into the basement.” 
The basement had French doors, but the light wasn't on inside and it was hard to see. Devon made out what looked like a staircase and a metal support beam. He looked hard. “I don't see anything.”
“Wait for it....”
Devon saw a form. Then two. They moved from the stairs and walked in front of the French doors. They went right up to the glass doors and stood. One of them he made out right away. It was Thomas Andrews. One of the Seven. The bully. The other one looked like a little girl. Maybe three years old. Probably his little sister. She was looking up at him. 
“I don't understand,” said Devon. 
“Keep watching,” said Louie. “It'll get better.”
Devon watched. He saw Thomas unzip his pants and pull his thing out. Devon closed his eyes and clenched his fists. “I'm not going to look. I'm not going to look.”
“Keep watching. That was our deal. If you want me to leave you alone, you watch. You owe me this one, remember?”
Devon opened his eyes. He saw the little girl. Thomas was holding her hand. He was bringing it up. He was going to make her touch him. 
“No!” said Devon. “I can't. I won't. This is wrong. He's bad. That's a Bad Thing. I won't watch.” Devon started to cry quietly.
“Keep your eyes open.”
The little girl was touching her brother but she didn't know what was happening. The older boy had a smug, satisfied look on his face. Devon felt sick. His vision was blurred from the tears. He wanted to run in and punch Thomas in the face. He looked away again. He couldn't help it. 
“Do you get angry when you see this, Devon?”
“Yes.”
“Do you want to do something about it?”
“I can't – I can't.  Thomas is a bully. He'll kick the crap out of me if I try anything.”
“That's sissy-talk, Devon. You're stronger than you think. You have an ability.”
“You're lying. You're a stupid liar and you brought me here to show me a Bad Thing. I hate you, Louie.”
“Hate is a strong thing, Devon. But it's powerful. Do you hate Thomas, too? Think about it. Do you hate him? Do you want him to pay for what he's doing? Do you want justice to be served?”
Devon summoned the courage to look at the basement again. Thomas was doing something to his little sister now. Something awful. “Yes. I hate him.”
“Good,” said Louie. “Use your hate. Close your eyes and think about how much you hate him. If you hate him enough you can make him stop.”
“But – but – ” Devon closed his eyes and imagined a black and blue flame. A flame that  moved with a hot breath of wind. He imagined the flame coming up and building and then opening wide, as though it had jaws and big blue teeth; the flame in Devon's mind swallowed Thomas Andrews whole.
There was screaming.
Devon heard it and opened his eyes, shocked. It was the little girl screaming. She was standing and pointing up at her big brother.  Tom was standing in front of her, his face frozen in surprise. His hands were up at his neck. The handle of a screwdriver was sticking out of it. Blood was spurting out in great pulses. And then he fell down, collapsing onto his knees and falling face first onto the basement floor, his body twitching. The little girl ran up the stairs, still screaming. 
Devon said, “What happened? What happened Louie?”
“Something good. You just stopped a bad boy from becoming a bad man. You helped the little girl and you helped sixty-three other kids in the future. Thomas Andrews was going to become a basketball coach. Everyone was going to love him. But he had a sickness. And you cured him of it, Devon. You released him from the sickness. He was going to hurt sixty-three more girls. Think about that. Now they're safe. You're a hero, Devon.”
Devon felt the nausea come at him like a wave he couldn't outrun at the beach. It crashed over him and he vomited on the ground. It smelled bad. “I want to leave, Louie. And don't ever come back. Don't ever show me anything ever again.”
“I told you I'd give you a break. You've done enough...for now. But I'll come back eventually, Devon boy. You and I are good partners. I feel stronger already. I think we'll make a wonderful team, you and I. We're soul mates.”
“I hate you too, Louie.”
“That's good, Devon. Hate is so very strong. Hate me. Hate me with all your might. I like it.”
Devon got up and ran back through the brush. He felt branches whip his face and scratch him, but he didn't care. He found his bike leaning against the tree and he hopped the ditch with it and climbed on. He got on his bike and pedaled back toward home. He flew down the big hill, the one that goes down to the water. He heard a siren and by the time he made it up to the other side of the hill he saw an ambulance. It was rushing past him. 
(to number 59)
Did I just kill a person? Did I hate Thomas enough to kill him?
He felt hot tears flood his eyes. There was no one to see, no one to judge him now. He sobbed and heaved. It was getting too dark to ride. It was too dark to see the potholes and he hit one. He heard his tire hiss. It went flat. He was four miles from home.
He got off and pushed his bike along the shoulder. Whenever a car came, shining its headlights, he moved over and walked in the sandy shoulder. 
Did I kill? Am I a murderer? Is Louie telling me the truth?
He didn't want to be a bad man. Only bad people hurt others. He didn't want to be like them. He didn't want to be like the seven cruel kids who ran away after he collapsed in the playground. He wished his dad were around. His dad would have held him. His dad would have kept Louie away. 
Devon swallowed a lump in his throat and remembered uncle Joe. Uncle Joe was flying out from California. He was going to help. That was good. 
Devon got home after nine. His mom wasn't home. He saw that he'd left the garage open. It looked like a dark, wide mouth. Devon walked in anyway. He leaned his bike with the flat front tire against the wall where he'd found it. There was a scratching noise from one of the cardboard boxes. It made him jump. Gooseflesh raised up on his arms. He saw a hoe hanging on the wall and he took it. He held it in front of him like a weapon.
“Get out,” shouted Devon.
There was more scratching, then little squeaking sounds. He saw a black mouse run out of the box. It ran outside, passing straight through his legs. He startled and jumped in place. 
One mouse was enough to get him on edge. But he heard more than one, he heard their scratching and high-pitched squeaking. The side of the box tore and a flood of black mice, their beady, dark eyes looking at him, came running out. They went straight for him. 
Devon ran. The mice followed him. They followed him right up to the door and he turned the doorknob but it was locked. 
They made a closing semi-circle around him him. Their little jaws clicked and snapped. Tiny, razor sharp teeth. He thought he saw another color in their eyes, a yellow glow. Devon didn't want to bend down to get the key from under the mat, but he had to. He held the hoe out with one hand, swinging it behind him, and said, “Stay back! I order you to stay back!”
The mice took a step back in unison. Devon felt the key and grabbed it and stood and put it into the keyhole. He kept looking back at the little rodents. They were snarling. They looked hungry, baring their little white teeth. Devon shouted: “Go away. Go back to Hell.” He stepped into the house, still holding the hoe, and slammed the door shut behind him.
The instant the door shut the mice ran toward it, as though a protective field had vanished. They ran up to the door and climbed over one another and clawed and squeaked and squealed. Devon sat down by the stairs and covered his ears. 
He chanted: “No no no no no no....”
After a long time the scratching stopped. He heard a car pull into the driveway. It was his mom. He wanted to warn her. He wanted to tell her about the mice, that she shouldn't open her door. What would the mice do? Would they kill her? But he was too afraid. Too afraid even to help his own mother. He heard her car door open. He cringed. Then he heard footsteps as she came up to the door. 
His mom made it inside.
She saw him sitting at the bottom of the stairs, the hoe by his side. “You should be in bed, young – are you okay? Is everything okay?”
“I'm scared, mom.”
She knelt down. “Why the hoe? Did something bad happen? Was someone here?” She mussed his hair. This was reminding her of Casper. Devon was a lot like his dad. And he was too young for this.
“I'm just scared mom. I'm sorry I left the garage open.”
“It's okay. It's okay.” She gave him a big hug. 
It was the safest he'd felt all day. He didn't want her to let go. “Don't let him find me,” he said in a whisper.
“What is it? Who? Don't let who find you?”
“Louie. Don't let Louie find me.”
Claire's arms got cold and she felt a shiver run up the back of her spine to the nape of her neck. She knew about Louie. Louie was the one her husband had talked about. The one that he'd tried so hard to stop before he'd died. Claire hugged her boy harder.
“What's wrong mom?”
“Nothing – let's go up to bed.”
She held his hand and the two of them went upstairs.
God help us, she thought. A shiver of terror ran through her like an early winter wind. 
Claire curled up next to Devon in his bed that night. She held him close, suspending herself in the state of half-sleep and half-alertness that people adopt when they can sense danger lurking at their doorstep. 
But in this case, the danger was already inside her boy.

Chapter 7

Joe woke up. He looked out the window of the small charter plane as they turned over Biddeford and headed out toward the ocean. This was how most planes landed at the Jetport, at least when the winds were from the west. The plane was going to go out a couple miles and then turn back in over Portland harbor. Then they'd fly the length of it and touch down and Joe'd be home again, in a way.
Joe looked down at the water as the plane made its left turn, pivoting over a wing. There was a breeze outside. He could see it in the dark, frothy surface of the water, in the whitecaps. The wind could blow out here just as well as in California. 
The plane straightened out. Joe was sitting on the left side, which meant that he got a view of the oil tanks over in South Portland. They were like tumors growing next to the harbor, a big white cancer filled with crude oil. 
There were some bumps of turbulence and Joe moved his hand to his seatbelt. Instinct. When he used to fly with Casper, his brother always told him to keep the lap belt tight so his head wouldn't hit the top of the cabin. That could happen, especially in small planes like this one. They were twitchier.  
A smooth arrival. The wheels of the Cape Air plane touched down, the left one first, followed by the right. Joe felt a small swerve and then the nose came down and the plane was slowing down. 
The airplane pulled off the runway and taxied to the gate. He'd made it to Maine. A place that was rough around the edges but if you loved it that didn't matter.
(Evil. Evil lurks here. Evil you left behind.)
For the most part it was pretty. You just had to look at it with a little bit of an impressionist squint. 
The plane came to a stop. Joe unbuckled and stood, hunched over, feeling a little stiff, and got his carry-on from the overhead bin. He nodded at his new friend the doc and stepped out into the narrow aisle, still hunched over. 
Joe waited his turn and then climbed out of the plane.
The first thing that came was the smell. It was ocean. A heavy smell, too, like machine oil and diesel. That was because he was still outside between the airplane and the gate. But the ocean was stronger. That was a home smell. He lived overlooking the Pacific now, but this smell, the one from Casco Bay, it brought him right back. 
Time rewound. When he smelled that air, he was just plain ole Joe Donovan, not the famous writer. He was Joey Donovan who played baseball shortstop on the high school varsity and wasn't a bad hitter when he got warmed up. He was Joey Donovan who lost his virginity at sixteen with Meghan Johnson, who lived down the road. She'd been his first love. He'd never even talked about her with Kat. But who did that? Some secrets were meant to be kept. 
What I wouldn't give for a notebook and a hot cup of coffee and a comfortable chair at a little café downtown.
He could reminisce, but there was also Devon. Time wasn't in infinite supply.
 Joe went up some stairs to a ramp that led to the boarding area. He went past the security checkpoint on his way out. He nodded at the guard, a guy who looked a little gruff and was wearing a yellow vest that said 'Security.' The guard had a baton and a radio and a gun in a black leather holster. 
This was the same airport that the 9-11 hijackers had gone through on their way to Logan. And there was something else he remembered about that terrible, no good, horrifyingly shitty day – the collective shame that people had felt that it was their airport that the hijackers had used. That shame had settled on everything and everyone like fine volcanic ash and it took a long time for it to wash away.
Joe kept an eye out for signs for the rental car center. He went outside pulling his suitcase, looking at the shiny metal and concrete and glass bulk of the new airport on the way. Federal stimulus dollars at work here. It was a big new airport for a small place. 
Joe walked fast. He concentrated on his footsteps. It helped get the stiffness of the flight out of him. It also made it easier not to dwell on the past that he and his brother had shared here. But how could he ignore their troubles with Louie?
Louie.
He was a slippery bastard. He'd come as a friend. Joe and Casper saw him in dreams together, just a man walking in a conductor suit with a sad look on his face and his hands in his pockets. Then Louie started to talk to them. Friendly stuff at first, shooting the shit. But one day, Louie said that he had a job for Casper and Joe. Louie said that he knew about something bad that was going to happen to some kids, that it was up to Casper and Joe to save them.
Turned out Louie was right. 
He'd given them a time and a place, and Casper and Joe had found the stalled car on the railroad tracks with four teenagers inside it. It was a shitty little green Honda that was rusting out. Casper and Joe got three of the kids out just by yelling at them, but the driver didn't want to budge, he kept on cranking the starter thinking it was going to go. Casper ended up pulling him out by force.
The train destroyed the car. No one got hurt.
What happened next? The news crews showed up and painted Joe and Casper as young heroes. Everyone likes that kind of story. It feels good after you watch the depressing news about the economy and stone-throwing kids in the Middle East. 
The news anchor for Channel Six, a short woman with brown hair and makeup (more makeup than Joe thought a normal person should wear) put her arms around both of them and said it was by the grace of God.
Is that what Perception is? thought Joe. Grace? 
Back to the here and now. Joe crossed the street to the parking garage and went to the rental place in the back. There was a woman at the Hertz counter. She was black, which was rare in Maine but maybe not so much in Portland. Diversity was hitting, at least in a small way. That wasn't a bad thing. 
She asked for his driver's license. She looked at it and typed something into her computer. She didn't flinch when she saw his name.
Not everyone reads your books. Did you really think everyone knew who you were? 
Sometimes it was better to fly under the radar. 
“We have a Ford SUV in dark blue or a Hyundai sedan in forest green,” she said. “The sedan does better on gas. But it's about a hundred more for the week.”
“I'll go for the Ford,” said Joe.
They took care of the rest of the paperwork. He declined the extra insurance. She gave him a set of keys: “Stall 28. Almost all the way down at the end, on the right.”
“Thanks.”
He pocketed the keys and followed the sign pointing to the garage. He went through a wide, low door. His eyes had to adjust to the dim light. The air was stale. He walked down the rows of parked cars. It seemed quiet to him, but he was coming from a different place. This wasn't San Francisco. 
He found the Ford. It looked pretty new, judging by the rear bumper (hardly a scratch) and shiny paint. He clicked the key in his pocket to open the car. The rear lights flashed and there was a beep. He opened the trunk and tossed in his suitcase and closed it again.
He went to the driver's side door and put his hand on the handle. He stopped there and had a thought: Can I really help you Devon? Am I going to be able to save you if I couldn't save your father? 
His mouth felt dry. He licked his lips. No time for hesitation.
He opened the door and sat down. New car smell. There was something too chemical about it. He adjusted the seat and the rearview mirror, then the side mirrors. He started the car. He flicked on the lights and looked behind him, starting to back up.
Holy shit. 
He saw something and slammed on his brakes.
****
 
It was Louie. How could he forget? Louie was tall, standing only a few feet behind the car. He was dressed in striped overalls with a matching striped conductor's cap. He was holding a grotesque, melting ice cream cone with thick red liquid dripping from it. It didn't look like ice cream topping.
Blood – he wants to terrify you, Joe; he wants to scare you again.
Louie's face came into focus. He was smiling and had a bulbous, crooked nose. His teeth were stained yellow but sharp as wolf's. Louie spoke directly into his mind: You shouldn't try to save the child. He's mine....It's me, Joey boy. Aren't you going to come out and give me a hug? 
Joe's heart sank. It was starting to come together like a cruel twist in a play. First the father and now the son. This was the Lauktau that the spirit whispers had warned him about on the plane. Of course it was Louie. This was how the universe worked. Symmetry of light and dark, positive and negative charges, good and evil. 
Joe's head was spinning. He spoke out loud: “I'm not stopping. He's not yours. He's my nephew and you have to stop. You go the fuck back where you belong.” Go the fuck back, you fucking fuck.
Louie answered: “You're just a scared little boy, Joey. A boy who's afraid to fail, a little boy who misses his older brother and can't handle things on his own. Isn't that right, Joey? You should go back to the airport and get on an airplane and go back home to your delightful little wife. Go fuck her for me. In the meantime, I'll take care of your nephew. The boy needs someone like me. A real father figure. Not a pussy like you.” Louie sneered and chuckled. He had snot and pieces of bloody tissue dribbling down his misshapen white face. 
Joe slammed on the accelerator. The Ford jumped backward, squealing the tires. He felt a bump under the car and he kept backing up, simultaneously turning the wheel so that the car pointed toward the exit. 
His knuckles were white. He stopped and lurched back in his seat.
I hit something. Did I kill him?
 He strained to see in front. That was a disadvantage of an SUV. The close-up visibility was no good. He put the car in park and opened his door a crack. 
Keep yourself together now, Joe. You can do this.
He opened the door the rest of the way. He got out of the car and walked in front of it, to the bumper. He knelt down to look at what he'd hit. 
It was a small black cat, quivering. It wasn't dead yet. Its scared eyes looked up at Joe. They were pleading for an end to the pain.
“Shit,” muttered Joe. Louie did these kinds of things. When he got stronger, he started mind hopping. If he was in small animals now, it meant he'd already gained strength. It meant that it might not be long before he began a new reign of terror with Devon as the prize. It was all making sense now. Devon had powers that Louie craved. Why possess a mere mortal man when you could do even better? 
Joe looked around him. He needed something to put the poor cat out of its misery. What he wanted was a rock. But being in a parking garage, there was nothing of the sort. He stood, then remembered that there should be a tire iron in the trunk. He went to the back of the Ford and popped it open. He took his suitcase out and put it down. He lifted the fabric and plastic covering from the trunk. There was a spare wheel. Next to it he saw a jack and a tire iron neatly tucked into their respective places. He took out the jack. It looked heavier than the tire iron.
He walked to the front of the car and took one more look at the poor cat. Joe shook his head again. The cat didn't know what had happened. Louie had temporarily taken its mind, using its body and life energy for transport. Joe realized that in all likelihood, the image of Louie that had spoken to him was a figment of the twisted dimension that Louie still inhabited. Both here and not here at the same time. It was some real quantum mystical bullshit that Joe wished he didn't have to believe in. But Louie was real. No doubt about it. 
Joe patted the cat lightly on the head. “I'm sorry buddy. But I know it hurts. I'm going to make it better.” He grimaced and raised the jack over his head, aiming it for the injured cat's ear. Joe wasn't a killer. But suffering could be worse than death.
He swung. 
The jack landed with a dull thud and splat of flesh and blood and shattered bone. It was done.
Joe looked at the jack. He saw the blood on it. He realized he'd have to rinse it off later so that the bloodstains didn't arouse suspicion if anyone saw them. He put the jack into the trunk and lowered the plastic covering and carpet back on top. He put his suitcase back into the car and closed the back.
Joe went around to the driver's side door. He caught movement out of the corner of his eye before he got back into the car. He looked toward the dead cat and saw a crow standing next to the cat's oozing, deformed head. 
What is this, a goddam animal menagerie? thought Joe. Another one of Louie's tricks?
The crow looked at Joe with a dark eye like it was challenging him. Then it pecked at the pile of shattered bone and brains. There was a strand of red flesh hanging out of its beak. It hopped three steps to the side, still looking at Joe. 
Maybe I'll run that fucker over when I drive out, just for good measure.
Joe got the car going. He didn't hit the bird.
****

Joe knew where Devon and Claire lived. He'd visited once, but that was a long time ago. He still wondered how Claire managed to pay the mortgage. It had been tight for them even when Casper had been alive.
Joe took exit 53 off the Maine Turnpike. A lot was just the way he remembered it. It made his heart ache in a strange way. He still felt a part of this place. It was weird to come back.
There were some different things. He noticed signs of what some people called progress. Like the fact that you didn't have to stop at the old toll booth when you got off the exit. You could roll right through. And then directly in front of the toll plaza there was a new shopping center. It looked so strange to him. 
It used to be fields and forest. Now it was a big grocery store and a gym and a laundromat and an enormous parking lot and who knew what else.
He took a deep breath. 
Louie Louie. Louie the Lauktau had come back to haunt his nephew in this town. That made this all ten times worse. A hundred times, even. And what a name the fucking Lauktau had. Maybe it was supposed to sound friendly, to mask the evil that was underneath. 'Louie' sounded harmless enough. But Joe knew better. Louie oozed bad; it didn't matter to Joe how friendly the damn thing tried to sound. 
(That's right Joey go back to momma you're a little pussy.)
Joe saw Leighton road. There was a light there now, instead of the old stop sign. He put on his left turn signal and made the turn. Leighton Road had changed too. A lot more parking lots. Was that one of the themes of progress? Pavement with painted white and yellow lines?  Cars parked in rows? 
Old houses were gone. The road crossed over the Turnpike and now he drove up a little hill. He had memories of spring here, of riding his mountain bike up the hill after visiting his girlfriend back in high school. It was a good memory. He remembered the smell of fresh cut grass and clover and the girl's naked smell. 
He got to the stop sign at the top. Brook Road. This was Claire and Devon's road. He made a left and drove slowly, not more than thirty miles an hour. The memories were coming at him, images and smells and fragments of faces. This was the experience of driving through the place where he'd grown up. 
Joe  wanted to see into the future. But he couldn't do that on demand. He tried to will a vision to happen – he wanted to know that everything was going to turn out okay for Devon and Claire. He wanted to see Louie die. 
Nothing.
Joe crossed Blackstrap road and pulled into the driveway of Devon and Claire's house, the  second place on the right. At least this house hadn't changed from how he remembered it. 
Claire wasn't home. Her car wasn't in the driveway. But Devon was supposed to be around. 
Joe turned off the Ford and got out. His legs felt stiff from the trip. He didn't bother with his suitcase in the trunk. He went to the side door, the one they used as a front door because it went straight to the kitchen. He knocked and waited. 
Joe smiled when he saw Devon. Devon was barefoot, walking through the kitchen. Devon opened the door for him. “Hi uncle Joe. Thank's for coming.” Demon beamed.
“Anytime, kiddo.” 
They bear hugged just outside on the front step.
“You want to come inside?” said Devon.
“Yeah. We'll talk about stuff in a little bit. About how we can make things better.” Joe wanted to bring up Louie right now, about the fact that Louie'd lied about being in Devon's head, about how dangerous of a demon he was. But he also didn't want to scare Devon more than he had to. Not all at once. 
Joe walked into the house. Then Devon beat him to the punch: “I'm scared of it, Joe. The voice – Louie – he scares me.”
“Did he show himself to you? Have you seen him in person?” 
“He came into my head, uncle Joe. He talked to me. He showed me stuff, too. Bad Stuff.”
Joe looked at Devon seriously and said, “First – Louie's not actually in your head. He wants you to think he is; it makes you afraid of him and helps him control you. But he's only talking in your head. You can't let him in for real. Not ever. 
“Now let's talk about Louie and what he showed you. We're going to beat him together, okay?” 
“Okay.”
“It's been a long trip. I'm going to make some coffee. You want some?”
“Mom keeps the coffee in the cupboard. But I don't want any. I don't like the taste.”
That's right, thought Joe. He's twelve. Kids don't drink coffee at that age. Not that I know of....
Joe thought that Devon looked a little pale. He supposed that going in and out of a coma could do that to a person. And hell, meeting Louie could have that effect too. Joe got a pot of coffee going. He went to the table to sit with Devon.
“You came out a long way, uncle Joe. I missed you.”
“I missed you too. I'm sorry I haven't been out here more.” The guilt in his voice was real. There was no good excuse. Being too busy wasn't something you said to a kid. Kids could read lies. Especially this kid. Devon would see right through it. 
The real reason why Joe hadn't been out to visit was that being around Claire reminded him of his dead brother. But was that a legitimate excuse to shun his own family? Joe didn't think so. The truth has a funny way of finding its way home.
The coffee machine gurgled. Joe said, “We have to tackle this together. It's too much for one person alone. Louie – I don't want to scare you, but Louie is too strong to handle alone. I know that.”
“I know,” said Devon softly, “he said he knew you from a long time ago.”
“That's true. Me and your dad.”
“What did you guys say to him? How'd you make him go away?”
Can I spill these beans right now? thought Joe. It's the story of how a little boy's daddy ended up dead. He stared out the window. 
Devon looked at his uncle and let the question slide. “Uncle Joe, something happened after we talked.” Devon's hands went cold. He shuddered.
“Tell me.”
“I – I – I listened to Louie last night. The Bad Thing – he showed it to me then. He came to me when I was out riding my bike. He told me that he'd make a deal, that he'd leave me alone for a while if I went to see something for him.”
Joe looked at his nephew and saw that he was hunching over at the shoulders, looking down at his hands in shame.  This wasn't going to be good. Devon's too young to be dealing with this kind of shit, he thought. 
But the reality of it was, being a Perceiver wasn't something that left a person alone until they were ready for it. If the abilities were strong, they came out young. And twelve years old...for Devon to get it now meant that the power in him was strong. It was no wonder that Louie wanted in. 
Joe broke the silence: “I'm with you, pal. Tell me what you need to say. It's okay.”
Devon told his uncle everything. 
The bike ride and the Bad Thing the boy did with his little sister and the next thing with the blood 
(murder by screwdriver)
and the rodents that chased him out of the garage. Devon told Joe he wanted it to end. He wanted a way to make Louie go away forever.
Joe looked at his nephew and tasted something stale in his mouth, like old pretzels and seltzer water. He remembered that he hadn't brushed his teeth since the day before. He realized that he smelled, too. Basic hygiene went out the window when you took a red-eye. But that all took a back seat to what he'd just heard. 
Louie was back with a vengeance.
“Your dad and I faced Louie once,” said Joe.
“You did?”
“A long time ago. Before you were around, kiddo.”
“What happened?”
“We tried to trap him. Your dad thought he could trap him and then maybe the two of us could kill him when he was our prisoner.”
“You and my dad? Killing him?”
“We were young and it seemed like the only way.”
“What did you use for weapons?”
“A thing like Louie can't be hurt with a gun or a knife. It takes something extra. Something that only a Perceiver has.”
“What's a Perceiver?”
Joe paused. Devon was losing his innocence far too early. But the process had already begun. If he didn't learn the truth about himself now it might be too late before he saw the truth. He'd be easy pickings for that sonofabitch Louie.
“You and I are Perceivers, Devon. And your dad was too; you got it from him.”
“Does it mean I see things? Special things?”
He nodded. “Sometimes there's more to it. Sometimes Perceivers can be Twisters, too. Twisters are Perceivers who can manipulate time and space around them. They can travel places in a blink of an eye, just by thinking of them. They can make things around them move just by their thoughts.”
Devon gave a small smile. 
Good, thought Joe. The kid isn't all gloom. 
Devon said, “Can I do those things? The Twisting?”
“Let's try.” 
Joe got up and opened a drawer that looked like it might hold silverware. He took out a big metal cooking spoon. “I know it's kind of a funny trick, but some people reallycan bend a spoon with their mind. You want to see me do it? I haven't shown this to anyone except your dad.”
“Really? Yeah!” 
Joe put the spoon on the kitchen table in front of both of them. He closed his eyes and imagined blue light wrapping itself around the spoon, bending it upward in a 'u' shape.
“Oh wow,” said Devon. “You're doing it, Joe, you're doing it.”
Joe opened his eyes. The spoon had an unnatural bend to it. It had been a while since he'd done that. It barely qualified as a psychic parlor trick, but it was proof. “You try now. See if you can bend it back.”
Devon closed his eyes. He closed his eyes as tightly as he could and squeezed his fists. “Is it moving, Joe?”
“No.” Joe didn't want to disappoint his nephew. Not everyone was a Twister. Still, the power to Perceive was remarkable in and of itself. Devon had something Louie wanted. Joe just had to find out what it was.
Devon opened his eyes after a while. “I guess that's a good thing. It means I didn't kill the boy like Louie said I did.”
“The boy you went to see, the one who was doing the Bad Thing in his basement?”
“Yeah. Louie made me close my eyes and hate him. Then when I opened them I saw the boy with the screwdriver in his neck and blood. It was – ” his voice went down to a whisper “ – awful.”
 Maybe I'm not seeing something, thought Joe. Am I missing it? 
“Okay,” said Joe. “Here's the deal. Louie is a manipulative sonofabitch. Whatever happened back at that house with the boy, it wasn't your fault. Look at me and say that right now.”
Devon looked at his uncle. His voice was soft: “It wasn't my fault.”
“Say it louder.”
“It wasn't my fault.”
“One more time.”
“It – wasn't – my – fault.”
“That's right,” said Joe.
“Am I a Twister? Do I have the power?”
“Maybe. Look at the spoon and think of a good memory. Something that gives you good feelings.”
Devon kept his eyes open and made a good thought. 
Joe's eyes grew wider. The spoon slowly bent itself back. But the transformation went further than that. The metal itself turned into something shinier. Devon was turning stainless steel into – into silver. 
Joe picked up the spoon and ran his fingers along it. “I'll be damned....”
Devon snapped out of the good thought and looked at his uncle. “What happened? Did I do that?” He was looking at the spoon, which was shining bright white.
“You did.”
“Oh no....” Devon groaned and felt a pit in the bottom of his stomach. 
“Remember. Not your fault. That was Louie manipulating. It's what he's good at. He wanted to see what would happen if he could channel your hate.”
“But I did what he said – I felt hate for the boy and then....” Devon's eyes misted up. He choked back tears.
Did you have to push him? thought Joe. Was it really necessary? 
“You didn't know, Devon. You're still a good kid. The best nephew a guy could have.” Joe reached out and touched his nephew's shoulder, trying to comfort him. 
Devon started to shake. “I'm – I'm a bad person. I made that happen. I made the boy die.”
“You're innocent,” said Joe. “Something bad happened, but you're innocent.”
“I have to go outside.” Devon got up. He put on his shoes. “I'm going for a little walk.”
“I'm sorry – I didn't want to lie to you. If we're going to beat, Louie we need to do it together. There's no other way. Our truths have to come out now. No more secrets.”
Devon went out the door and the screen door slammed shut.
You fucked that up good, thought Joe. He couldn't let Devon out of his sight. There was no telling when Louie might come back.  Joe wanted to be around if he did. He got up and went outside. 
Devon was at the end of the yard, standing next to a big pine tree. There was a cluster of three old pines in the yard, the tallest one stretching over 125 feet up in the air. Devon was looking at something across the street. He was frozen. 
Joe ran to Devon. It wasn't far to run but Joe felt like his shoes were getting stuck in thick mud. He got to Devon and the air felt cold. Joe felt the chill. 
“What is it?” said Joe. “What do you see?”
“There. In the graveyard across the street. On the tree. Look.” Devon pointed. 
Joe looked. He saw the forms of six kids, most of them around Devon's age. They were swinging by their necks, their lifeless bodies dangling like meat in a butcher shop. Their faces and hands and bare feet were bloated, with lifeless eyes open and peering back.
“Are they really dead?” said Devon.
The ground shook and crackled behind them. A cold wind blew. Then a raspy voice spoke: “Does it matter if they die now or later?” 
Both Joe and Devon turned. 
It was Louie walking toward them in his striped conductor uniform. Louie said, “I just wanted to show you what I want. I want poor Devon here to stop being such a fat little pussy and get some real revenge. Wouldn't revenge feel good, Devon? Wouldn't it feel nice to fuck with each of those kids who ran away while you were bleeding on the playground?”
Joe stepped forward in front of his nephew – protective posturing. “You make those kids disappear. They're not real.” 
Louie cackled. Then he coughed. A trickle of blood went down the corner of his mouth.
Is it part of his act? Thought Joe.  
“You think they're all pretty pictures,” said Louie. “But one of them is real. One of them slipped the noose over his neck because I told him to. I told him he had to or else people would find out that he's a little faggot. His mommy and daddy would have been very disappointed to find out. Do you want to see him? Should I show you the real McCoy?”
“Noooo!” screamed Devon, dropping to the ground and holding his hands over his ears. “No no no no! I don't want to see. I want this to stop. Please please make it stop.”
Louie stopped in his tracks. He looked at Joe and said, “The boy's losing it, don't you think? I expected more from someone with his ability. Still, he'll come in quite handy for me. I can feel it. And don't you dare try and stop me. He's mine. You know quite well what happens when people try to stop me.”
Anger boiled inside Joe. I should sock that fucker in the face. 
There was another cold gust of wind; it picked dead leaves off the grass. Louie disappeared in a dark swirl of them. The leaves drifted back down, blackened somehow. 
“Devon,” said Joe, “you do what I say now. Close your eyes. I'm going to take your hand and we're going to walk back into the house together. Okay?”
“Is it true? Is there a person there?”
Joe took Devon's hand.  “Come inside with me. And don't look.”
He guided his nephew back into the house. Devon kept his eyes shut. He didn't even peek. When they got inside, Joe picked up the house phone and dialed 9-1-1.
He told them about the dead boy and hung up.
It was creeping into Joe's awareness, like a withering vine moving up  a tree, suffocating it of nutrients. We might never stop Louie. Is it worth risking everything?

****

What little background Joe knew about the Lauktau he'd learned after Casper's death. It had taken some phone calls, favors redeemed, and legwork, but in the end Joe had found a demonologist down in San Diego. 
'Lauktau cluster in physical hot spots,' was what the demonologist had said. He'd called those places 'psychic rifts,' making an analogy to weak spots in the Earth's crust where magma was able to flow to the surface. Then the Lauktau, which were particularly wicked demons, sought out living hosts; if they found the right one they could take it over completely. It was possession in its most classic form. 
Joe sat down. He tapped his fingers on the table, one after the other. A mindless sequence. Devon was sitting too. His arms were crossed.
Joe felt his own nervous energy. He had to get up. He paced back and forth in the kitchen. It was the silence of waiting. 
****

“Can you tell me what happened when you and dad tried to stop Louie?” said Devon. “All of it?”
Joe shook his head no. “It's too awful. I think if we're lucky we can get the hell out of this place and save you and your mom. Do you have her number at work?” 
“It's on the fridge. But we can't give up, uncle Joe. Not now. What if Louie hurts more people?”
“It might kill us if we stay. You and your mom are in danger. I can feel it – Louie has strength here. We're playing on his turf. The evil's strong. Trust me – you don't want to stay. You guys can come to California and stay with me and Kat. We'll put you up and help your mom find a job. You can start a new school. It'll be better. Sometimes a new beginning is the only way, Devon.”
Devon hung his head down. “We're not quitters. We're strong too. You showed me.”
“You're just a kid. You don't know what you're talking about.” Joe regretted saying it as soon as the words left his mouth.
“Am I?” Devon looked at a steel pan drying in the dish rack and felt a bright blue anger build inside him. The steel pan crumpled like a piece of flimsy aluminum foil. It glowed white hot and then caught on fire, disintegrating into nothingness. There was a sulphur smell when it was gone.
 Devon said, “We have powers too, uncle Joe. We scare Louie; I can feel it. That's why he's coming for us. He wants what we have because he thinks we can destroy him. Don't you write that the only way to overcome your fears is to swim in them?” 
“You read my books?”
“I do lots of things. But you're not a quitter. I'm not either. We have to do this. I feel it stronger than anything. But we're not going to get anywhere unless you tell me what happened with dad.”
Joe took a deep breath. He had to tell him Casper's story. Joe rubbed his eyes like he was clearing away dust, and then he was ready. 
“Here's what happened.”
Chapter 8

Joe told Devon the story:

Your dad and I used to spend a lot of time together. I mean, we were brothers, so that's not too unusual. This all happened when I was in Maine for the summer, working on my first book. Your dad and I were adults, but barely. You were still a little kid then, latching onto your mom's boobs every chance you got.  I didn't know if the book  I was working on was going to do anything. I was just taking a chance, but it was one of those chances I knew was going to pay off sooner or later. 
Your mom and dad and Kat and I were staying up at Deer Isle, at a little cottage right over a rocky beach. And that was when your dad and I saw the evil that Louie could do. It happened on just another perfect Maine summer day. I remember because I was down on the dock with a towel and a Smith Corona and a Bud and a few sheets of paper. That was how I rolled back then. 
I remember that your dad came down to the dock. 
I might have looked like I was writing, but my thoughts weren't coming too fast. The well was running dry for the day. I heard Casper and I looked up. He was barefoot. He should have had sunglasses on because it was bright out and he was squinting.
“I hear the mackerel are running,” said Casper.
“Almost done,” I said. “One more paragraph in this chapter. I gotta wrap it up.”
“The rods are in the boat. I bet we wouldn't have to go out far to get dinner.”
“One sec.” I hunted and pecked my way over the keyboard and finished up. It was another chapter down. I was just plugging away on that damn book every day even if it was easier some days than others.
I got up and went to the little fiberglass skiff with your dad. He climbed in the stern and it had a funny set to it in the water. I got in and sat at the bow and it evened out enough to look like a proper boat again. There was a little outboard on the back, a ten-horse Johnson two-stroke that sounded like shit but still ran when you wanted it to even though it spewed oil. 
Your dad primed it and pulled the cord and nearly capsized us while he was standing up getting it started. But the little engine ticked over and your dad sat back down. 
I got us untied from the dock and tossed the line back in the boat. We motored away from the dock and I saw my little typewriter there by itself. Well, the can of Bud was there too, but it was pretty much gone. If a typewriter could look lonely, it did. I hoped it wouldn't get wet. I hadn't thought about that before I got in the boat. 
We didn't go out too far but it was far enough away that it would have been a long swim in the cold water. Your dad cut the fuel on the motor and and we drifted with the incoming tide. The waves were small that day, enough to rock us gently but not much else. 
Your dad and I got our rods ready. He handed me my silver mackerel lure and I tied it on the end of my line. I used the special knot he'd taught me. I saw that my reel had a little bit of rust on it. It was old. Your dad's was too. It didn't help that we kept the reels in a damp boathouse over the winter.
Your dad casted first. I went after him, on the other side of the boat. I heard the little plop when my lure landed and then I spun the handle on the reel and pulled the lure back in to the boat, nice and steady. I could feel the pull of the lure dancing underwater. 
I waited for a strike but I couldn't ever remember getting one on the first cast. You'd have to cast straight into a school of mackerel to get lucky like that. So your dad and I sat there and casted over and over. That was fishing. We liked it. 
Would you believe that that was was when Louie showed?
Louie Louie. 
He came up from underneath the boat this time. I saw his face come up at me from below, a bloated balloon with a twisted red smile. His face came out of the water dripping and the rest of his body rose until his wet shoulders were clear of the water's surface. Then he pulled himself up and into the boat by the gunwale, and it was like he hardly weighed anything at all. I still don't know how he did it without flipping us. 
Louie said, “Afternoon, boys.” His clothes were dripping wet. He flicked a piece of kelp from his shoulder. “Having trouble with the fish, are we?”
I pulled in my lure up to the side of the boat and let it dangle a few feet over the side. Your dad casted again. There was the zip sound of his line going out. 
Louie looked right at me. It was like his head turned on a swivel. Almost unnatural. “How's the book, old chum? You finding any good material for it in your subconscious? Are you tapping the dark, Freudian depths for inspiration?” Louie spouting his mocking bullshit. 
He looked like an obscene joke in his wet train conductor's uniform. I didn't trust him. I was right not to. 
“The book is fine,” I said. 
“Oh, you say that, but you don't know what you're writing about. You don't know because you haven't experienced it yourself. Write what you know, remember? It's the golden rule, sonny boy.”
“I don't think I need to take advice from you. At least not in writing.” 
Louie looked annoyed. “That's unfortunate. I thought you had so much potential, too. Never mind. I'm going to give you something to put in your book. Will you do that if I show it to you?”
I shook my head no. First off, I wasn't in the habit of letting people tell me what to do. Especially when it came to my writing. I was a stubborn fucker (pardon my French). I put the things in my book that had to be there because I knew they belonged inside. Nothing more, nothing less. It was my first book and I wasn't published yet, but I was already opinionated as hell. Which turned out to be both a blessing and a curse, but I digress.
The second reason why I didn't want to see what Louie had to show me? I got a bad vibe from him. 
Louie snapped his fingers and the outboard came to life. Casper and I stared incredulously. 
Casper put his rod down in the boat nice and slowly. His line was still over the side. “What do you want, Louie?”
I knew that Casper was keeping some psychic distance between himself and Louie. It was a Perception thing and a brother thing at the same time. Casper had good intuition about people, and he was being careful. We were on the same page on this one, dealing with Louie. It didn't feel right.  
“I want to take you two boys for a ride,” said Louie. “Can't a conductor show his passengers a good time? I have a show for you. I love shows.”
“We're fishing,” said Casper, his tone neutral. “Come back another time.”
“I will not,” said Louie. He sounded like an angry man-child. It was like watching Louie channel Ron Burgundy. “I'm going to show you something right now, whether you like it or not.”
My next thought was that I should find a weapon. I looked in the bottom of the boat; the only thing that came close was an oar. But it would be hard to pull out. Louie was practically standing over a set of them. The oars passed under his seat in the middle of the skiff.
Louie shook his head and stared at me again. “Tsk tsk tsk, Joey boy. You know that Louie knows what you're thinking about. Louie doesn't like to be threatened. Would you want Louie to threaten you?”
I felt a shiver down my spine that made my ass pucker. He was reading my thoughts like he had the same direct line as Casper. It felt like he was in my head. 
Louie said, “Now let's go boys. Move on over. I'm driving this little ship.” Louie went to the back of the boat and pushed Casper aside. 
Louie adjusted his striped cap and put his hand on the steering handle for the outboard and twisted the throttle. The little motor pushed us forward, not too fast on account of it being a ten horse. He got the boat turned the other direction. He pointed us toward the big bridge that connected the island to the mainland.
“What do you think he's doing?” I asked Casper.
Casper didn't say his reply out loud, but I could hear it in my head anyway: No idea.
You have to remember that Louie had helped us the last time we'd seen him – that had been the time when he'd tipped us off about the kids stuck in the car on the railroad tracks. But one act alone isn't enough to build real trust, not in this life.
Everything about this encounter had a different feel to it. Louie's arrival from under the boat. His insistence on showing us something against our will. 
We motored all the way to the base of the big bridge. Louie kept the motor running and  took us right under the bridge, about mid-span. He told us it was a good place to troll if we wanted to hit the mackerel. 
I didn't want to fish anymore but Casper looked at me: Do it anyway, little brother.We're just along for the ride, now.
I took my rod and cast a line. Casper did the same. 
I got a bite on the first cast in that spot, an unmistakable little tug. It was the first time ever. And I wasn't happy about it. 
Casper hooked one too. What were the odds? Casper gave a little whoop and started to work his fish in, being careful not to reel it in too fast. 
Louie said, “That's not so bad, is it boys? See that? Uncle Louie's always looking out for you. Consider the fish a little gift.”
I got a black feeling, like getting punched in the side of the head. My vision had spots of light in it. It felt like the mother of all migraines gathering a full head of steam.
“Not feeling so hot, are you Joey boy?” said Louie. “That's too bad. Make sure you keep your eyes open. Keep them wide open.”
I had my head in my hand trying to squeeze my temples. I had to put the rod down and it was moving because the fish was still hooked on the end.
I heard Casper say, “You okay? Did Louie do that?”
“I don't know.”
“Look up boys,” said Louie. “Here it comes. Surprise time. The Grand Finale of our little show.”
I looked up through the pain and that was when I saw it. 
She was falling fast. Accelerating. Her legs were windmilling. She was wearing a black skirt and had something in her arms. It was a little blue bundle wrapped in a blanket. And I thought I saw something else, something flesh-colored poking out of the bundle. That detail was the image I wanted to forget but couldn't.
The flesh colored thing was a baby's leg. I saw it up close a split-second before the next thing happened. The woman's eyes were looking up and her lips were moving. I saw her clutching that little baby, and then the two of them hit the surface of the water with terrible force. They weren't more than twenty feet from the stern of the boat. Spray shot up into the air from their impact.
Then they were gone. 
I heard Louie laughing. I heard him say: “That's your lesson for the day. You can't save all of them, kiddos. And that's something to put in your book, Joey boy. A little horror for you. You can come up with her back story or I'll tell you the truth. The father said he'd kill her and the kid because he knew she was cheating with Bill Aldridge from Blue Hill and the baby wasn't his anyway. 
“She told Bill that he'd never lay a hand on them, but she was scared and had nowhere to go. 
“Maybe I had a hand in convincing her, but what are concerned friends for? I just pointed her toward the exit. She was a little naïve; she thought that jumping from the bridge would be painless. Did you know that falling from that span crushes your ribs and breaks your bones? Sometimes you sink alive. Then you drown wishing you could swim to the surface.”
We'd heard enough.
Both Casper and I jumped off the boat. We dove into the cold water and it was too murky to see right. I swam furiously toward where I'd seen the splash and I dove. I remember the darkness, the crushing cold. I got ahold of something and grabbed it, but it was just the baby's blanket. 
An empty blue blanket.
Casper and I dove and searched again and again in a desperate bid to save that woman and her child. But the seconds turned into a minute. Then one minute turned into two. Time kept doubling on us, relentless in its progression. And then the awful, crushing weight of what had happened started to sink in. 
I saw Louie looking at us from the boat. He was pretending to make a sad face but there was a smirk in it. He was sitting with his hands in his lap.
“You motherfucker,” I shouted at the top of my lungs, waving a fist and slapping it against the water while I treaded water. “You knew this was going to happen! You fucking knew it!”
Louie's smirk grew more pronounced.
Casper motioned for me to join him and we kept looking. Diving and surfacing, hoping for a miracle. And still nothing. There was a current under the bridge. There was no telling where they'd surface. We were all drifting, in with the tide. 
We spent half an hour swimming in the cold current, until we were frozen to our bones. Casper pointed to the shore and we swam for it. I could feel my muscles locking up, my core temperature going hypothermic. 
We got out, soaked and shivering. The boat drifted by us, out in the current. Louie wasn't in it. The motor was on but it wasn't in gear. The damn thing was just drifting. 
I wanted to call the cops, at least at first. But we didn't.
I'll tell you why. The woman and her baby were gone. There was no way they'd survived the fall. We should have called the police, gotten a dive team to come out and search for them. I'm not trying to make an excuse for not calling them, but I want you to know what we were thinking. How we felt. We were shaken. 
The mind does weird things under pressure – you don't always do the right thing.

****

Your dad and I dragged ourselves the two miles along the winding road to the cottage. When we got back, your mom and Kat were worried about us. They thought we'd had a boat accident. I didn't have it in my heart to tell them what had really happened. 
I couldn't.
My headache was gone (thank God), but the fatigue had taken over.  It was bone-deep, a physiological reaction to the prolonged exposure to cold water and our frantic efforts to find the woman and her baby.
I went inside to rest; I was lying down in the bedroom with the shades drawn and the room dark. Casper came in and sat on the bed.
“We have to put an end to Louie,” he said. “We can't let him do anything like that again.”
“No shit. But how?”
“We make him think we want to play.”
“How are we supposed to do that when he can hear what we're thinking??”
This was where Casper got ahead of himself. “I can do it. I can invite him into my own head. I bet he'll jump at the chance. Then I'll close him in. He won't be able to hurt anyone, and it'll buy you and me some time to figure out how to kill him.”
“That's a lot of assumptions that have to be right. You think your head will work as a prison? Isn't that the worst possible thing you could do, if he's a real demon?”
“We have our abilities, Joe. We have to use them. I'd call it a moral obligation on my part.”
“What we have is a curse.”
“You're with me or you're not. Either way, I'm going to do it tonight. I'm going to call him out and let the sonofabitch in.”
“Brave people die too, you know.”
Casper didn't have a retort for that. He patted my shoulder and went outside to be with the women. I heard laughter. I didn't know how he managed to put on the act. Seeing that woman and her baby go down was like a cataract I couldn't clear from my mind's eye. 

****

This is the final part of how it happened, how your dad got sick. The girls were asleep. It was past eleven, closing in on midnight. Casper and I woke up at the same time, a synchrony of alertness passing through both our minds. 
I felt myself blink. I looked up at the dark ceiling and saw how there was moonlight coming in through the window and painting a moving picture like night jellyfish. I looked at Kat. She was curled up on her side, her mouth open a trace. Breathing slowly. Calmly. 
I heard Casper's feet shuffle on the floor in the next room. I got out of bed and pulled on a pair of old jeans that I'd worn too many days in a row. That was how I liked them. I finished getting dressed and went out of the cottage and waited on the front deck; Casper met me a minute later.
“This is it,” said Casper. 
“What if he doesn't come?”
“He'll come.”
We walked down to the dock again. There were roots on the path that stuck up just high enough to trip you if you weren't careful, but both of us knew the way down. We could have made the walk with our eyes closed, or at least it seemed that way. We were going back to where the story had started earlier that day, only this time Casper and I both had a grim mission on our minds.
I saw my Smith Corona sitting on the dock where I'd left it. The can of Bud was gone. I approached the typewriter and saw that the pages I'd been working on were tucked under it, neatly ordered right up to the chapter I'd just finished. Nothing more, nothing less. 
I looked up at the sky. The clouds were drifting. The night was warm, a hair on the muggy side. I swatted a mosquito away when I felt it buzzing by my ear.
“How do we call him?” I said. 
“You know what we do,” said Casper. “We'll go there together.” The place Casper was talking about was one you had to go to in your mind. We both knew the way in. 
I sat down next to the typewriter. Casper laid back and crossed his hands behind his head and looked up. I closed my eyes and saw the blackness come. Then lights moved past, as though I was flying past stars. And then I was there. 
I opened my eyes. 
I wasn't in Deer Isle anymore. I was standing on a solid floor I couldn't see. I heard Casper call to me but it was dark. I walked toward his distant voice, letting my arms swing at my sides.
My eyes started to adjust. I saw a form, a faint flickering light. Then I saw Casper – he was holding a Bic.
“How'd you bring that?” I said, looking at the lighter.
“Trick I picked up. Now we're doing this.We're going to get him to come with us.”
Before I go any further, I have to tell you: what we did was both foolish and dangerous. 
I imagined Louie with my eyes open. Casper did the same. I remembered Louie's grotesque, smiling face rising up at me from under the water. It was quiet for a slow minute. The beating of my heart marked the time.
There were clicking footsteps. I turned and saw a shadowy, tall shape. It was getting closer. I strained to see it better in the darkness, but the form stopped before it got too close.
“Nice of you to meet me on my turf,” said Louie. “How can I help you fine boys this evening? You liked the little show earlier? I know it upset you, especially Joey-poo, but life's a bitch sometimes.”
“You know why we're here,” said Casper. 
“Oh I'm afraid I do,” said Louie. “It's a blessing and a curse being able to see into your heads. But do you really think that such a stupid idea will work? Do you have any idea how foolish you are, Casper, thinking you can summon me into your head and close the door?”
I imagined that perverse, twisted smile of his. The one that made me feel so much disgust.
“Try me,” said Casper. “Get the fuck in and I'll show you what it's like.”
“And what's in it for me? Apart from a laugh, that is?”
“You get to feel what I feel,” said Casper, “not just know what I know. How long's it been since you've gotten laid, Louie? You remember what a woman feels like?”
“Now you're talking,” said Louie. He made a laugh that was so light it was almost childish. “I may have to take the bait, Master. Master Bait. That's a clever play on words, if you didn't pick up on it. I think I may have to do it, if only because I know that I can destroy you.”
“Don't do this,” I said to Casper. His eyes were locked on the dark form in front of us.
“I have to,” said Casper, not turning away from Louie. “This is the way it's supposed to be.”
“And then what?” I said.
“Then we see if it works,” said Casper.
I watched the dark form get closer. Louie had his conductor cap on. He smiled, tilting his cap, and his mouth broadened into a wide, yellow grin. He smelled like mud and shit and rotten fish.
I looked down and saw that Louie's form here was different. He had cloven hooves and and thick, brown fur on his legs. I looked back up at him and he flashed his teeth at me.
“You like my new look?” said Louie.
“You better not hurt him.”
“Or else what?”
“Or else – or else you'll regret you ever did.”
“How noble,” said Louie. “What a good brother you are. The fraternal bond is a special one.”
Casper said, “Come on in, Louie. Let's dance.” He motioned toward Louie like he was asking for a fight.
I felt the heat now, the raw psychic energy that was coming from Casper. It was physically hot with his contempt for Louie.
Louie took a step toward Casper, then another. There was the click click of the hooves. I wanted to look away. But how could I? Louie approached until he was six inches from Casper's nose, in full  violation of my brother's personal space. 
“Open wide, Casper,” said Louie.
Casper slowly opened his jaw, as though he still had a lingering doubt about the wisdom of his idea. 
The next part happened fast.
Louie turned into a black snake with red eyes, his body transforming from head to toe. The snake slid headfirst into Casper's mouth and disappeared down his throat, making a lump in his gullet as it descended. 
Casper collapsed, coughing and choking. He clutched his stomach with a sick groan and his eyes rolled back in his head. His limbs shivered and jerked, his head swinging from side to side. Foam and blood started to leak from the corners of his mouth. Blood started to pour out of his nose.
“Casper,” I shouted. I went to Casper and knelt down and put my hand on his forehead. He was burning up. “Casper, don't do this. Spit him out. Let him go. Let him out right now.”
Looking back on that moment, I realize that I could see even then that Casper was doomed. 
Casper's eyes snapped open, wild and in pain. “I'm going to win,” he said. “The fucker won't get out.”
Another trickle of blood came out of his ear. I cradled Casper's head and pulled him close as his body went limp again. He was breathing with shallow breaths, his chest barely moving.
“I'm taking you back,” I said. “We're leaving. And you're going to spit that piece of shit out as soon as we get back.”

Chapter 9

Devon looked at Joe. “You feel bad about what happened to dad, don't you?”
“I do.”
Devon feels what I feel, thought Joe. He's connected.
“It's not your fault,” said Devon. “It was Louie's fault. And it was dad's for not listening to you. He shouldn't have swallowed him.”
“He tried, Devon. He did his best. He didn't think...that things would turn out how they did.”
“Was Louie afraid when dad had him?”
“I think so. But he also made the tumor that killed your dad.”
“I think I could kill him, uncle Joe.”
“No,” said Joe. “Absolutely not.” 
“But don't I have a purpose? If I'm a Perceiver and – what did you say it was – a Twister? – if I'm a Perceiver and a Twister, then I have those abilities for a reason. I'm supposed to use them. I'm supposed to finish what you and dad started. That's my purpose.”
The boy says 'purpose' like he's been thinking about it for a while, thought Joe. He sighed. He didn't want it to be true but he knew that Devon was as stubborn as his dad. “You're not letting him into your head like your dad did. That's suicide and we both know it. We have to find a way to get to him together. The two of us. I'm not letting Louie go at you alone.”
“Okay. Together.” Devon smiled. 
“That's right.”
Devon looked down at his hands. He turned them, as though there was an answer hiding in them somewhere. They were still kid's hands. He looked back up at his uncle. “You don't know how we're supposed to get him, do you?”
“Not yet. We're going to need help.”
There was the sound of sirens. A police cruiser pulled into the driveway. Another one went past the house and stopped at the cemetery. Then there were more sirens. A firetruck and an ambulance went past the house and stopped at the graveyard.
A cop got out of the cruiser in the driveway and walked to the door. He rapped on the door.
Joe went to answer it. He didn't look forward to this part. He didn't want to come across as crazy. He'd have to tell only a small fraction of the story. And if the cop was any good, he'd know that Joe was hiding something. It wasn't a recipe for positive police / civilian interaction. 
Joe opened the door for the cop.
“May I come in?” said the officer.
“Yes,” said Joe.
The cop walked in. He had black pants with a blue stripe and shiny black leather boots. Both Devon and Joe saw the big gun on his holster. Devon stared at it and Joe looked elsewhere. The police officer had a crew cut. He was a big man. He looked like he'd been in the military, or at least trained like he wanted to be a soldier. He had thick arms and broad shoulders. 
The officer took out a notepad and his face softened when he looked at Devon. He looked back up at Joe. “You want to tell me what happened? From the beginning?”
Joe took a chair and sat down at the kitchen table. He looked at the table. “Devon went outside for a walk. I heard him call out to me, and then when I went out I saw – I saw the kid.”
“Did you hear anything beforehand?” The cop took a chair, and then a pen from his pocket; he sat down to write. 
“No,” said Joe.
“Can I get your name and address, sir?”
“Joe Donovan. 47 Pescadero Junction Road, Pescadero, California.”
The cop wrote down the information and looked back up at Joe. “That's a long way away. What brings you to Maine?” 
The cop looked at Devon again, like he was waiting for Devon to blurt out some hidden piece of information. 
Here's what Devon was doing – he was reading the cop's mind. He figured it couldn't hurt. Devon saw that the cop was skeptical of uncle Joe. He also saw that the cop thought Joe was a FUCKING CHILD MOLESTER who flew out from California after meeting Devon on the INTERNET and he thought that Joe was up to NO GOOD here. 
Devon turned his attention to Joe. The two of them shared a silent thought. 
Out loud, Joe said to the cop, “I'm his uncle. I came out to visit.”
The cop wrote something down. He asked Devon, “Do you and your uncle see a lot of each other, son?”
“No,” said Devon. “I wish he would come out more. But he's a writer and he lives in California.”
The cop said, “Do you know anything else about what happened out there at the graveyard, son? You can't get in trouble if you tell me. I'll make sure you don't get in trouble. Did anything else happen that I don't know about?”
Devon felt what the cop was doing. The way he was prying. But Devon knew that the cop wouldn't understand. “I don't know anything else,” said Devon. He felt his face turn red.
The cop put his notepad face down on the table. He crossed his hands together. “I don't like this situation. I'll tell you why. Twelve year-old kids don't go hanging themselves from trees in graveyards. Not the kids in this town. And you two called it in. I can tell you're not telling me something. I have intuition for these things. Good intuition. My wife call's it a lawman's instinct.  If I find out that you didn't tell me the whole truth when I asked for it, the two of you could get into trouble. A whole mess of it. Do you see where I'm going with this?”
“Yes, sir,” said Devon. Then he spilled part of the truth, or at least the truth as he'd heard it from Louie: “The boy hanged himself because he was gay. He knew he was gay and he didn't want to disappoint his parents.” 
The cop smiled, his eyes narrowing. “Now we're getting somewhere. How did you know the boy was gay? Did he talk to you about it? Was he a special friend to you?”
Devon liked the cop even less now. He was listening to the cop's thoughts, and the cop thought Devon  was a LITTLE FAG who had something to do with the hanging. 
Joe looked at Devon with a pained expression on his face. 
“He told me,” said Devon. “He told me at school.” That part was a lie.
The cop said, “He did now, did he? What day was it?”
“I – I don't remember. But he told me and he said that he didn't know if he could tell his parents.”
The cop wrote something down. Devon's read on the cop now was that he WASN'T BUYING IT because 12 year-old boys didn't go around admitting homosexual tendencies to other boys if they could help it. 
The truth of the matter was that the dead boy, Mitch Bunting, had been one of the cool kids. He'd gone out of his way to cover up his confused feelings for other boys. He even had a girlfriend at school, and he bragged about getting to third base with her. That was how you got respect in Middle School if you were a boy – you did stuff with total sluts and told your friends all about how it felt. Bread and warm milk and apple pie and all that shit. Tastes like tuna fish if you wanted to get an eeeew yuck out of them. If you got a slut to touch your cock your were the man forever and ever until the end of eighth grade at least. 
The cop stopped writing. He looked at Devon, then at Joe. He shifted his gaze back and forth, letting the silence in the room get so loud that Devon was almost ready to tell the cop everything he knew just to make some noise. 
Then the cop gave a disgusted look and stood up. He got Joe's cell phone number and said he'd be back if he had more questions. The cop left. Black boots out the door. 
Devon got up and went to the window in the living room and peeked out past an off-white curtain, toward the cemetery. He saw the paramedics in their uniforms. He saw the ambulance with the back loading door open.
 The body wasn't up in the tree anymore. There was a cluster of paramedics in their blue uniforms kneeling and working on something behind a gravestone.
Devon looked away. Joe was standing behind him. He put his hand on Devon's shoulder. “It's okay, kid. We're going to get through this.”
“Are we going to tell mom?”
“We have to. She has a right to know.”
Telling Claire has consequences, thought Joe. If they told her, then she might tell them that they couldn't go after Louie. A mother had the right to put her foot down. She just might be okay with selling the house even though he was pretty sure she still owed on the mortgage. She and Devon could  pack up and go out west to live with him and Kat. He and Kat would help out with the money, it wouldn't be a problem. He'd get them all set up with a starter home in Pescadero or Half Moon Bay or Fremont if that was more their speed. 
Is that such a bad thing? thought Joe. It was the safer thing. Devon would be away from Louie (he hoped), and Claire could get a new start away from all the shit she was dealing with here in Maine. They'd be able to get their feet under them again and maybe the change of scenery and climate would be good for Claire and Devon. Their place in Maine had too many memories from when Casper was still around. The memories were like dust you couldn't wipe off the furniture. 
But Devon was right about having to stop Louie. They couldn't just let him go like this. What was to keep him from whispering to more kids and making them kill themselves? What was to keep Louie from possessing someone else's kid? Maybe there was even another Devon out there, someone who'd be truly dangerous if Louie ever found him. 
Joe shuddered at the thought. Doesn't responsibility to family trump the need to save the world? He didn't know. How about that for a weight on your shoulders?
Joe shook his head. “I think you're right, Devon. You and I have to find a way to stop him.”
“I think it's okay to be scared,” said Devon. “I'm scared.” 
Joe smiled. “Growing up too fast, kiddo. We're going to have to get some help for sure.” Joe might have known a little about Lauktau, but not how to stop one. 
Devon sensed the problem and sat down on the wooden floor. He closed his eyes. He was sitting Indian style, criss cross applesauce for the younger kids, and he put his hands on his knees and breathed. He looked like a little yogi.  
Joe stood back and watched.
Devon descended into his mind. He felt himself spinning. He went to a dark place without light and the movement stopped. He held up his hand but he couldn't see it. Right now his body didn't exist. 
Devon was pure thought. 
He saw a name and a face. They shone in front of him, like lights popping out of the darkness. The face was old. It looked older than the knotty pines deep in the woods behind Westbrook. It was a woman's face. Her name was Gertie Chatworth. 
Devon looked closer at her face and the picture zoomed out. She was standing in front of an old shack. There was a lighthouse in the background. Her shack was close to the sea. In this image, she had clear eyes that still looked young. Her eyes burned like blue diamonds. She opened her lips and spoke to him: “Come and find me, Devon. It's time that we met. I'm going to help you.”
Devon saw the image disappear and felt the spinning come back. Blackness. When he opened his eyes again, he was in the living room. Joe was kneeling by him and put his hand on his forehead. “You okay, kiddo?”
“I saw something,” said Devon.
“What was it?”
“I saw a woman. An old woman. Her name's Gertie Chatworth. She lives somewhere close. I saw a lighthouse – Portland Head Light I think. Her shack isn't far away from there.She said she could help. We have to find her.”
“Okay then. Let's go.”
“Do you think mom is going to be worried?”
“Absolutely. But we'll tell her everything when she gets home tonight. For now we have to follow your vision.”
“Okay.”

****

Joe parked the rental Ford at Fort Williams, near the rocky beach. He and Devon got out of the car. The wind was cool here. There was a grey bank of fog offshore. Joe thought that you never could tell if the fog was going to roll in or stay out over the water. It had a mind of its own. Sailors knew that all too well. 
Joe wanted to smoke a cigarette. He patted his pocket, as though he might find a pack there. His pocket was empty. Devon squinted and looked up, like he was looking for some kind of sign. He closed his eyes. 
Joe watched him. “You said you think she's in Cape somewhere?”
“Yeah. I think we can go along the shore. The tide looks low.” 
Devon was right. The water was low enough to expose the barnacle and seaweed covered rocks. It was slippery as hell on those rocks. Easy to fall and gash yourself up enough to need stitches.
Devon and Joe hiked up the paved path toward the lighthouse. There were a few other people out. One man was walking a golden retriever on a long leash. There was a young couple holding hands. There was a woman pushing a baby stroller, one of the strollers with the wide wheels for rolling on dirt and snow. A Maine stroller, thought Joe.
Devon and Joe got to the lighthouse. There was a fence there to keep people from climbing down on the rocks below. It was a steep, slippery way down if you hopped the fence. And when the waves were coming in hot, it was also a perfect place to get swept out to sea and drown. That happened sometimes, usually during hurricane season. Someone always had to get closer. 
“We'll be able to climb down over here,” said Devon.
Joe followed Devon along the fence. Joe smelled the sweet smell of brush roses mixed with the salt of Casco Bay. Home smells again, like he'd noticed right after getting off the plane at the airport. Except no diesel fuel in the mix this time. 
There was a place where the fence had gotten trampled down. Devon climbed over first and looked over the edge. It was a steep drop down. Joe said, “Maybe you should let me go first. I can test it out.”
“No,” said Devon, shaking his head. “I'm fine. I'm going to be fine.”
Carbon copy of your old man, thought Joe. Casper had had that kind confidence too. Joe watched as Devon climbed down carefully, hand over hand. 
Devon jumped the last five feet and landed on his feet. He looked up and called out to Joe. “It's okay. You can make it too.”
Devon was standing on a rocky ledge with a tide pool carved out of it. A little further down, the seaweed started.
“Here goes,” muttered Joe. He climbed over the fence and slowly began to make his way down. He thought about how easy it would be for everything to end right here, for him to accidentally lose his grip or his footing and fall. Game over. Cracked skull territory for sure. Lights out. And then Devon wouldn't stand a chance all by himself, not against a Lauktau.
Joe felt his foot slip as a piece of sandstone gave way. There was the sound of sand falling. The ping ping smack sound of pebbles falling and hitting other rocks on the way down. 
Joe tightened his grip on a root that was sticking out of the earth and tried to breathe. Relax, he thought, that's the only way to get down that doesn't involve a trip in an ambulance.
He moved his foot an inch to the right and pressed; it was solid. He kept moving down, reaching for new footholds with his toes. He was glad that he was wearing boat shoes. He could feel the ground better than if he'd had hiking boots on. He concentrated on the physical movements of his feet and arms. One change at a time. Easy does it. 
“Almost there,” said Devon. “A few more feet and you can jump the rest of the way.”
Joe sighed with relief.  Admit it now, he thought. Heights suck. 
He worked his way down a little lower and looked down. Devon was right. He could jump if he was careful. He picked his landing spot and turned to face forward. He leapt off the side of the hill and landed with a heavy thud on the rocky ledge. His knees bent deeply. He felt an ache in them as he stood back up. 
“That was an adventure,” said Joe.
“I think Gertie lives this way,” said Devon. “She's whispering to me. Do you hear?”
Joe closed his eyes for a second and listened. But all he heard was the lapping of waves against the rocks. This was only for Devon. He followed Devon along big boulders and across granite ledges. The rocks led down to a small beach. Joe stepped down onto the relative flatness of it and felt relief to be off the big rocks. Devon jogged ahead. He was in his sweatpants and they were hanging off him. You need to eat something, kid, thought Joe. 
Devon led Joe to a sandy path that went up away from the beach. It was one of the few stretches of coastline in Southern Maine where there wasn't a house sitting keeping watch over the shore. Devon and Joe climbed up a moderately pitched hillside, but the path was sandy this time. It was possible to walk without having to climb hand over hand. 
The two of them got to the top. There was a small wood at the edge of the hill. They walked in. Before they got too far, Joe looked back and saw the lighthouse. He wondered how much further Devon was taking them. 
Devon walked a few more steps before kneeling down. “She's here.”
Joe looked. Devon was kneeling next to a white birch tree. Devon was brushing aside leaves and dirt in front of him. 
Joe walked over and saw the marker that Devon had uncovered. There was an engraving on it: Gertie Chatworth, 1876 – 1963
“So she's dead,” said Joe. 
Devon had his hand on the grave marker. “I hear her. I hear her right now. She's thanking us for coming. She's telling us that she knows about Louie. She knows how he can be stopped.”
“What do we need to do?”
“She's telling me that we won't like what we have to do, but it's necessary. She's saying it's the only way to put Louie away for a long time.”
“So what do we have to do?”
Devon stared down. His eyes rolled back in his head and his head rolled to the side. His voice got dreamlike: “She's showing me right now. I see a man in a black coat – I don't know who he is – and I see lightning and red. A lot of red. It looks like it's in the woods somewhere. Maybe close to my house, I'm not sure. And I hear screams. I hear a lot of screams.” 
“Whose screams, Devon?”
“I think the kids. I see the other five. The kids from the playground. They're in the woods with us. They're scared. Gertie says we need to bring them to a place. An offering place. She says that Louie will smell fresh meat and he'll come for them. He'll come for them and for me. And that's where the man in the coat is going to help us kill him. That's all I see.”
Devon's eyes came back, his head centering itself back on his shoulders. He looked back at his uncle. They shared a moment of understanding.  
Chapter 10

Claire was stocking shelves at the MegaMart. She was on a big metal step-ladder, carrying bulk rolls of toilet paper and paper towels up to the top shelves. She was telling herself that she didn't mind the mindless work. She only wished that she was bringing in more money for the family. More money for her and Devon so they could live a little more freely.
The unexpected tax refund check they'd gotten in the mail was going to help. But she also saw it for what it was – temporary relief. $2700 might seem like a lot of money, and that's because it was, but it wasn't the same as a job that paid a living wage. The money from the check would run out. The relief would come to an end eventually.
She was on the top of the ladder, stacking one bundle on top of another. That was when she felt something. 
It was a strange heat in her body, like someone was shining a magnifying glass against her bare skin with a pinpoint of light and trying to burn her. Claire looked down. There was a child below the ladder. She looked to be about Devon's age. She was fidgeting with something.
“May I help you?” said Claire. 
“Are you Devon's mom?”
“Yes.” Surprise in her tone. Did Devon make a friend I don't know about? she thought. 
“A man told me that I should tell you that – he said I should tell you that Devon needs to stop being such a pussy and ACT LIKE A MAN. He said you should make Devon into a man in any way that you can so that he can start wearing his big boy pants. I'm sorry – I'm just saying what the man told me to say.”
“How could you – how could you say things like that?” said Claire. “What man? Who told you to say that?”
“The man in the store. He said I'd find you in this aisle and he told me to tell you those things and – ” her voice got softer, shame written on her face “ – he gave me money for it. I'm sorry, it was a lot of money.”
Claire put down the bundle of toilet paper she was holding, stacking it on another one on the shelf. She saw the girl holding folded up greenbacks in her hand. The girl was rolling them back and forth. 
Claire looked around, trying to see the man. “What does he look like? Did he just say this to you?”
“Kinda tall, I guess. Dark hair and bad teeth. He had weird eyes. And he was wearing this hat. Blue stripes. I'm sorry I said those mean things. He said he was going to be watching to make sure I repeated them just like he told me. Don't shoot the messenger, lady. He paid me a hundred bucks.”
“Do you know my son? Do you know Devon?”
“No, I don't. Sorry. I have to go now.” The girl turned her back and walked down the aisle and turned down another one. Claire felt the hot sensation again, like someone was trying to burn the side of her face. She put her hand up to her cheek and the burning feeling faded.
Strange, thought Claire.
She climbed down from the ladder. Was this strange man watching? 
It had to have been Louie. No one else would have put someone up to saying such awful things. Claire thought about Joe – about how he'd offered to put them up in California at their place in Pescadero. Maybe that wasn't such a bad idea. She could put the house on the market and they'd probably make enough to start over at a little rental somewhere out west. And, it was sad, but it wasn't like Devon was leaving very many friends out here. He had one other friend who only came over once in a while. His name was Matt Harmon. He lived down on Leighton and they played out in the woods and behind the graveyard together.
Am I a bad mother? she thought. 
Claire was worried for both Devon and Joe. She wondered what they were up to. Hopefully it wasn't anything too dangerous. She couldn't stand the thought of anything happening to Devon. And maybe she felt like Joe could have done more to save Casper. It was an awful thought, but she still had it once in a while. It was the kind of thought that she tried to shove under the carpet the second it came to light, because it wasn't right to blame Joe for Casper's death. But Joe had a part. He was Casper's brother. Maybe if he'd tried harder he could have done something to get Casper to puke out Louie from his head. 
Claire felt eyes on her. She rubbed the back of her neck. She looked up and down the aisle again, but there was no one. It was a long aisle. She started to walk toward the back of the store. She went slowly. Every step toward the back of the store felt like a step closer to something terrible. Something that was waiting. Something with teeth.
So why am I continuing that way? she thought. Is it because I have to know?
She heard a shuffle, the sound of objects sliding behind her. She turned to look. She didn't think anything was out of place. She looked forward again and took a step. She paused. She took another step and there was a scurrying sound. Like mice, maybe. But never seen any of them in the store before.
Claire snapped her head back over her shoulder and caught a glimpse. It was a flash of a long pink tail. A rodent's? If it was, it wasn't a mouse. It was too big for that.
Claire blinked. She felt her skin crawl. She hated all things rodent, with the exception of squirrels from a distance. She kept her eyes looking in the direction where she'd seen the thing that was as big as a rat and walked slowly backward. She saw a mop next to her in a display. She took it. It felt to her like holding something – anything – that could be used as a weapon was the right thing to do.
She backed slowly, but now she felt eyes behind her again. She looked. There was a scurrying sound coming from the shelves. A rattle and a scratching of little claws on metal. She felt the adrenaline release. She felt alone. She felt like the only person in the whole fucking store.
Am I?
It felt wrong. She froze and tried to listen for the normal sounds. The sounds of shoppers walking and talking on their phones, the sounds of scanners beeping and TVs playing three different high def movies. But all those sounds were gone. 
Maybe I am the only one here. And how is that possible? Could Louie do this?
She heard a creaking sound and looked up; the tall ceiling, the one that seemed impossibly high, was closing down. It was slowly moving towards the tops of the aisles, its steel girders like jaws coming down to eat her. 
A scream tried to lift itself out from her throat. But her vocal cords didn't cooperate. Her terror made her freeze. She felt warmth spill between her legs. It spread with a stain. Claire glanced down at the piss that was running down her legs. It was dripping into her shoes. It dripped onto the floor in a yellowish puddle. 
“F – f – f – fuck what is happening?” she said.The words just barely made it out. She waited for a reply. She looked up at the ceiling. It had stopped moving and creaking. 
Two rats with glowing yellow eyes jumped out in front of her. They snarled and made improbably low rodent growls. One of them looked sick, its eyes bloodshot. 
Claire swung the mop in front of her. She said, “Stay back; stay the fuck back.”
The rats started walking toward her. She swung the mop faster. She knocked a bottle of Pine Sol off a shelf and it fell on the floor in front of her with a dull thud and rolled three feet. The rats kept coming. And then, two more rats jumped in behind the first two. Those came out of the shelves. She watched the rats file out, their little claws clicking and clacking as they fell into two columns of advancing, yellow-eyed rodents.
“Stay THE FUCK BACK,” she shouted. She didn't care if someone heard her now. Even if this was just a hallucination, it was terrifying the hell out of her. She wanted it to stop. She wanted her head to feel normal. Seeing rats march into the aisle was NOT NORMAL.
She retreated backward, keeping her eyes on the army of vicious yellow eyes. Her arms were tense, her heart pounding in short, hard strokes of fear. She could only keep marching backward for so long before she ran out of room. She looked behind her. The end of the aisle was getting closer. She saw the back wall display. Garden tools. The rakes and shovels were lined up and hanging against the wall. There was a perimeter aisle that might let her escape if the rats didn't get her first. She heard the steel girders in the ceiling creak again. She looked up and saw the ceiling inch closer. She was in the dirty mouth of a metal beast. A rat-filled mouth. 
God help me, she thought.


Chapter 11

Dread Terror. 
Joe and Devon felt it at the same time. They felt it when they were driving back to the house from Cape Elizabeth. They were passing over the Casco Bay Bridge. There was an oil tanker coming into the harbor, like a giant slug at the mouth of it. The Ford rumbled over the steel decking.
Joe and Devon looked at each other. It was blackness, black terror. Devon saw little spots of yellow light; Joe heard clattering claws and snapping teeth. The feeling was so deep, so terrible, he almost had to pull over. 
“Something happened. Something's happening to mom,” said Devon.
“She at work?”
“We have to go there,” said Devon. “As fast as we can.” He clutched the door handle. His knuckles got white. 
Joe pressed on the gas. The SUV lurched forward and he came up too fast on the bumper of a Toyota Prius. The Toyota pushed on its brakes when Joe got too close. A self-righteous asshole trying to make a point about tailgating. Joe swore: “Goddamit, get out of the fuckin way will ya! We got someone in trouble here. Jee sus H Christ this is ridiculous.”
Joe looked for an opening and swerved around the Prius. He pulled hard back into his lane. He sped up toward Congress street, running two red lights along the way. The police station wasn't far, which meant he had a higher than normal chance of getting caught and pulled over for reckless driving, but he couldn't wait for anyone now. Claire was in trouble. The terror was going after her. 
Maybe Louie got stronger, thought Joe.
Joe ran the third red light at Congress and made his way over toward Franklin. Still no blue lights behind them. They were in the clear for now. He didn't know how much longer his luck would hold out. This next traffic light up ahead was red for them too, and there was traffic coming down from Munjoy Hill; they'd lose precious seconds if they had to  stop and wait.
“Devon, can you make all the lights turn green?” said Joe. “Can you do that for me?”
“How?”
“Just like you bent that spoon. Think about happy things. Things that make you feel good. I know it's hard to do right now but try. Imagine that the lights can bend to your will. Imagine that they're all green.”
“I'll – I'll try uncle Joe.”
Devon closed his eyes. He thought about his dad carrying him on his shoulders. Sweet and bitter. 
The light flipped to green. A car already in the intersection sped out of it. Another car coming to the newly red light screeched its tires as it stopped. 
“You did it, kiddo. Nice work.” Joe stepped on it and swung them through the corner. Devon got pressed into the side of his seat. The engine revved up again and Joe flew down Franklin toward the I-295 on-ramp. They bounced over broken pavement and potholes. 
Devon closed his eyes again. He saw his dad and remembered catching a ball, playing pass during happier times. That changed two more lights to green. Devon opened his eyes and looked at his uncle. “Do you think mom is okay? I'm scared for her. I hope it's not Louie. Do you think he can hurt her? Can he uncle Joe?” Devon's voice was desperate. The boy loved his mother. 
Joe said, “That depends. If he's strong enough, maybe. But it's possible he's just scaring her. Either way, we need to get to her now. Louie's capable of some pretty awful things.”
“Like what happened to dad?”
Joe didn't answer; he had to concentrate on his driving. He checked over his shoulder to make the merge onto the highway. He found an opening and pulled into traffic. He gunned it and got them up to about eighty. This was on a section of road marked fifty-five. They went up around a sweeping left hander and up over Tukey's Bridge. 
As they went over the bridge, Joe felt a flash of the tragedy that had happened here years ago. It was a feeling that had seeped into the place. Four teenagers going too fast in the Southbound lane hadn't made the curve in the bridge and lost control of their car. They all went over the side of the bridge, down to the water below. They all died.
Joe had a new worry. Could Louie enter someone's head without their permission? He'd just assumed that Louie was the kind of demon who needed an invitation. But was that really the rule? Did demons play by rules? One problem at a time, he thought. Keep your eyes on the road.
There was the smell of burnt beans. They passed the B&M baked bean factory.  It still smelled the same as he remembered it. 
Joe barely slowed and got them through the chicane in the road; he skipped the first exit for Route One. They'd make better time on 295 going up to Exit 10. He got to the straightaway and opened up. He pushed the Ford up to ninety-five, and the V6 under the hood was revving high. The car felt twitchy at this speed, but he kept his eyes locked on the road. Passing the traffic in the right lane, staying glued to the left. He knew he'd have a hell of a lot of explaining if he got pulled over now. 
He took Exit 10 in Falmouth. He had to slam on the brakes and they almost locked up getting them slowed down to the right speed to negotiate the tight, curving off-ramp. The car leaned to the side, going up on two wheels for a brief instant.
Joe thought: Claire would kill me if I rolled this thing with Devon inside. And so would Kat.
Devon said, “Uncle Joe. I feel mom. She's calling for help. She's in trouble. We have to get to her.”
“I'm going as fast as I can,” said Joe. He rolled the Stop sign and gunned it again. He went by the fire station and came up on another light on Route One. Devon was too distraught to remember to turn it green, so Joe rolled it without stopping.
This time he almost caused a crash. 
A car coming up on the intersection from the other direction laid on its horn and its brakes at the same time, swerving off the road and onto the sidewalk by the Grab & Go. 
No time to ask for forgiveness, thought Joe. He knew they were close now. The MegaMart was just past the McDonald's, on the right-hand side. He jammed the pedal down and went through the last red light on instinct alone. He narrowly avoided getting t-boned by a Cadillac in eggshell white. He figured that the little old lady driving it probably didn't even see him cross in front of her. 
Joe pulled up into the MegaMart parking lot and parked the SUV right out front, in the yellow-striped fire lane. From the outside, everything looked normal. But Joe ould feel it, he could feel the psychic energy coming out of the place. Hell was opening up here; a fissure had cracked open and something terrible was going down. 
Devon and Joe got out of the car. They ran through the automatic sliding doors into the store and Joe felt a strong chill run through his spine, as though ice-cold fingers had settled around his neck.
****

The light in the store was thick and yellow and heavy, hanging on everything like the vile stench of a dirty rest stop urinal. Joe had been fearing this – that the spirit world would push its way into the land of the living. Hell, he'd even written about it in his books. But when he'd written those stories, the ones people assumed were fiction, he'd known that he was exploring the realm of the possible. 
This is reality blurring into Hell, thought Joe.
There were people in the store, shoppers who might be innocent. But they were frozen like statues in a wax museum. There was a fat woman in a motorized wheelchair. She had a triple chin and red spots on her face. There was a plastic two liter bottle of Tab and two bags of Doritos in the black wire shopping basket on the front of the wheelchair. She had drool dripping down the side of her mouth, but she wasn't moving. No blinking or breathing.
Not quite dead and not alive, either, thought Joe.
Devon jogged ahead and turned to Joe: “She's this way. I feel it.”
“Be careful,” said Joe. “You know this isn't safe.”
“She's in trouble.” Devon's face was pale like a sheet.
Devon disappeared and Joe broke into a run after him. The two of them ran down a long aisle, past the Oral B toothbrushes and bottles of green and blue Scope and Waterpiks for gum health. They passed the auto parts display and Joe felt the sickness of the place, the sickness that had existed even before this thing had happened here. They were in a cheap, Made in China, globalized consumer feeding trough. Everything a person could want and want to replace in a single place. A place where you could get full and get fat and get off and then shoot up with your insulin because you'd nuked your pancreas with the Twinkies in aisle ten. 
 Devon froze. Joe almost ran into him, stopping himself just in time. There was something in front of them. A thousand pink tails and grey bodies in a scurrying mound. They were heaped up like a pile of shit at a farm.
Except this pile was full of yellow eyes and gnashing rat teeth. 
Joe knelt down and looked at Devon's face. Devon's eyes were rolling back in his head. He was losing his balance. Joe caught him before he could fall backward. He lifted Devon up and slung him over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes.
This is evil, thought Joe. Then he heard laughter. 
He knew that laugh. 
It was the same laugh that he'd heard that day under the bridge when he and Casper were looking for that lady and her baby.
“Go ahead,” said Louie. “The boy couldn't take the truth. But you want to know the truth, don't you? You want to know why I brought you here. You want to know what all those rats are doing in that funny looking pile over there. You want to know because curiosity kills the cat and you're both a couple of pussies. 
“Your brother was always the brave one. You were the slimy, yeast-infected cunt. You were the one who walked away from your duties and decided to be a cowardly little writer. You should have been saving people, Joey boy. But instead you decided to write little stories and make people get goosebumps at night. You thought that was a neat little trick, Joey boy, using your talent to tell lies in print. But I know that you're a private disappointment. You wish you'd done more to save your brother. And you should have. You wouldn't be feeling so much guilt now if you had.
“But that's all over now. You're my bitch. You and the boy both. Go ahead and look at the rodent pile. They'll move if you tell them to. Then maybe you'll be able to save a piece of what's underneath.”

LOUIE. LOUIE. The fucking entertainer, thought Joe.

Joe put Devon down gently. He leaned him against a bulk package of toilet paper. Then he took a mop from a display, one with a heavy red handle, and he approached the pile of rats.. One of the rats, one near the outside of the pile, turned its head and looked at him and snarled. 
“Get the fuck away and let me see,” said Joe. 
The rats stopped their scurrying. And then they all began to dissolve. Pinpricks holes started appearing in their fur; shrieks came as their bodies disintegrated from the outside in. Like someone's pouring acid on them, thought Joe. 
The fur and flesh dissolved, the shrieks fading away to nothing. All that was left was a pile of tiny, bleached white bones. That and the curled up body of a chewed-up woman in the fetal position. 
The fingers of one hand had been gnawed off. 
It can't be, thought Joe. He took short steps toward the body. He felt like his legs were disconnected from his head. He didn't want to look anymore. But I have to, don't I? 
Joe thought about picking up Devon and running out of the store. Did he have a true responsibility to look? If I don't, who else will do it?
If it was really true, if the mutilated woman under that pile of bleached rat bones was who he thought it was, then there was no way he could let Devon see that. It would crush him.
Joe felt the black pit in his stomach, the way it was sinking lower, dragging him down like an anchor going down to an uncertain fate on the bottom. He took the cleaning end of the mop and placed it against the woman's shoulder. Her face was hidden, tucked inward in a defensive posture.
Joe took a deep breath and pushed the body over to get a look at the dead woman's face.

Chapter 12

When Devon passed out in the store with his uncle Joe, it wasn't fear that had taken him. It was something else entirely. He was being called by someone far away. A pleasant voice, even. 
Gertie's calling me, thought Devon. 
When he came to, he wasn't with Joe anymore. He was walking in a field with Gertie. She was younger now; her skin was smooth and young. Gertie had a nice white dress on. There were little red prints like flowers on it. Devon saw the way her breasts looked in the dress and he liked the way they looked. 
She's pretty, he thought. 
They walked by fresh purple lupine and the grass was knee high. A different season than the one he'd just left. The sun was shining and it was warm without being what you'd consider hot. Devon was holding Gertie's hand. He liked holding her hand. He felt like he knew her.
“I'm sorry, Devon,” she said.
“Why?”
“That I had to bring you here like this. I know you wanted to help your mother.”
Devon looked down at his feet and swallowed. “I did.”
“Your mother loves you, Devon. She'll always love you. She would have done anything for you.”
Devon felt a disconnect, like he was watching himself from the outside. What Gertie's saying isn't real, he thought. It's all a dream. And at the same time that he had that thought, his heart was trying to break the news to him gently. 
“She did everything she could,” said Gertie. “She fought right up until the end.”
“Did it hurt?” said Devon, stopping and looking up at Gertie, searching her for answers. 
Gertie knelt down and rubbed Devon's hand. Her eyes were kind and sad. Almost crying. “It hurt at at first,” said Gertie. “But your mom is strong. She fought, and when she couldn't fight she said to herself that she was going to take care of you forever. Even if it meant watching over you from the Other Side.”
“So she's with dad now?”
“Something like that.” Gertie's lips parted in a consolation smile and she stood back up.
Devon kept holding her hand and the two of them started walking again. Devon thought that the field was long and it felt like they'd never reach the end of it. 
Devon had one more thing now. One emotion that was bubbling up to the surface. It was a cousin to his grief, but it made him stronger instead of weaker. A crime like this doesn't go unpunished, he thought. He squeezed his free hand into a tight fist. 
“What is it, Devon?” said Gertie. “You have something on your mind. You can say it.  You should say it. A time like this isn't a time for keeping your feelings to yourself.”
“How do I kill him, Gertie? Can you show me more?”
“Of course. Come with me, Devon.” She gave his hand a quick squeeze. Devon felt a familiar kind of heat in their connection. It wasn't sexual. It was something else that was just as hot. 
Something like hate.


***

“Louie came to my mother when she was a girl,” said Gertie. 
She was sitting at a farm table in a little seaside cottage. Devon was in a chair across from her. He had a bowl of warm milk in front of him. The bowl was plain white, about the right size to cup in both hands. He took a sip but he wasn't hungry. There was cream on top of the milk.
“What did Louie look like?” said Devon. “Was he the same?”
“She said he looked and sounded like a sweet talking man,” said Gertie. “He had a big smile and straight, white teeth; he was tall and handsome. My mother said he came across as the kind of man who knew how to make women blush.”
“He tried to be friends with me in the beginning,” said Devon. “Did he do that with your mother? Did he try to be nice to her?”
“Oh yes – you're right to notice that Devon. Louie comes as a friend, at least at first. He charms and he says he's come to help. He always has good ideas in the beginning. Why – with my mother, he told her where to go to find a calf that had caught its head in a wire fence. It was near the wood. If my mother hadn't gone to that calf, it would have died out there. Louie even walked with her through the woods to the field. He told her how to free the calf so that she wouldn't hurt it at all. 
“She felt so proud after she'd saved it. It belonged to the neighbor, Mr. Collins. He was grateful, and he gave my mother ten dollars for what she'd done. That was a lot of money back then, especially for a girl like my mother.”
Devon said, “Was she sure it was Louie? I mean – it's possible that it was just a stranger, just a nice person who'd seen the calf and wanted her to help it.”
“You should know better than that, Devon. I'm not done with the story. You see, when my mother saw this kind man the second time, it was a week later. It was night, and she was doing chores out at the barn by herself. Her parents were inside reading. Her father was drinking scotch. 
“She was going to feed the pigs a bucket of scraps from that night's dinner. Chicken and potatoes and gravy. The pigs were excitable on this particular night, and just before my mother dumped the food into the trough, she heard a cough behind her that made her jump. It was the nice tall man from before.
“He'd come up behind her without her noticing. He was close enough to touch her, and he had a strange smile on his face. When my mother told me the story, it made her shiver. The man told her that he was special. He said that he had a way of giving power to people just by getting into their heads. My mother was scared and she backed up and spilled the food on the ground outside the pig enclosure. The pigs got angry and started snorting and pawing at the ground, eyeing that food like they'd do anything to get at it, including committing cold-blooded murder. 
“My mother knew it then – the man wasn't good at all. He was just trying to use her. She understood that about him just by being close to him a second time. 
“She tried to run. The man caught her in his arms. She wanted to scream but he put a hand in front of her mouth and didn't let her. 
“She struggled. Then he did the worst thing a man can do to a woman. It was even worse because she was still a girl. I won't tell you all of it, but you can imagine enough. Her told her to 'Give it to Louie.' 
“It was dirty and it hurt my mother, and when he finished with her he pushed her down and told her that that was just the beginning. She wanted to cry and scream but he told her that he'd kill her if she did. He said he'd kill her if any word got out about it at all. He said that he had a way of knowing when people talked.”
Devon looked into the milk. He wanted to see something, a sign maybe. But when he looked back up at Gertie he saw her sad face looking back at him. She's telling me this for a reason, thought Devon. What is it?
“I'm sorry to have to tell you all of this” said Gertie. “It's painful. It hurts to retell it. But the story gets worse. Not many weeks after the man took her in the barn, she felt the first signs of something growing inside her. She knew exactly what was wrong in the way a woman can know those kinds of things without anyone telling her.
“My mother kept her mouth shut for a long time. Louie said he'd kill her if she tried to hurt the baby. So she had the baby. She had me.”
Devon felt a shiver run up his arm. This changes things, he thought. Gertie has demon inside her. What side is she really on? 
“I know that you think it's terrible,” said Gertie. “And I know this might make you afraid of me. But I can't deny that Louie is my father. He's the reason I got my abilities. My mother never had them. I'm part Lauktau, but I'm not like Louie. I swear it.”
“So why?” said Devon. “Why do you want to kill him? I know he's done bad things, but what did he do to you?”
“He killed my mother, Devon. He killed her after she told me the story of where I came from. She told me everything one night, and she did it because she said she didn't want to live in fear any more. She said she couldn't keep that secret to her grave.
“Louie came to us after she told me the story. I remember that night, because my mother had made strawberry shortcake and the berries were fresh. I'd eaten two helpings and my belly was full, and it was sometime after that that I heard a knock on the door.  My mother went to answer it and I think she knew. She turned the knob so slowly. 
“The door opened and Louie grinned at her. His eyes looked dark and filled with the urge to hurt and he told her that 'Louie always knows.'
“He took her, dragging her outside by her hair. I heard him kill her. He did it with a knife, I think. I heard the shouts, Louie telling her to 'hold still, Bitch', and then those unnatural gurgles and wet gasps for air. It was awful. I still remember all of it. Back then I was only six years old, and I knew exactly what Louie was doing. When he finished, I heard him drag her away. Do you know what a body sounds like when it's being dragged through tall grass? It doesn't sound like anything remarkable at all. It might as well be a waterlogged canvas sack full of grain. I never saw my mother again after that night.”
Devon felt his hatred for Louie flare as hot as the tip of a propane torch. What kind of thing lived like that, using people for its own purposes and killing the ones it didn't like? Devon had a mental picture of a dead deer hanging from a tree. You saw those sometimes in November and December in Maine. He wanted to see Louie hanging like that, his insides split open and pulled out. Louie deserves that, thought Devon.
“Devon? Devon? Are you okay?” said Gertie. She reached and shook him by the shoulder.
The hate melts everything else away, thought Devon. It also felt good. It wasn't weak. “I want to kill him, Gertie, but you haven't told me everything you know.”
“You and your uncle have to do it together, after you've summoned him with an offering. One of you has to let him inside, in your head. Then once he's in, you have to forgive him his sins. Forgiveness is the one thing that a Lauktau like Louie can't accept. 
“After you do that, whoever has Louie inside him has to accept death at the hand of the other. ”
“I don't know,” said Devon. Gertie was asking for exactly what Joe said they wouldn't do. When Louie got inside, it was all over, that was how Joe had put it. Then again, what other options did they have?
There was just one problem for Devon, and that was the fact that Gertie was Louie's daughter. Sure Louie'd killed her mom, but who'd ended up raising Gertie? Where was her loyalty, really? And what about the previous vision Gertie had shown Devon, the one with the tall man in the dark coat? Was that all a lie? Is Gertie making this up as she goes along? thought Devon. Is she really working for Louie, helping him set a trap? I have no way to know, do I?
Devon said, “Thank you. I'll tell my uncle what you told me.”
“You have to stop Louie, Devon. It's up to you and your uncle. Louie's too dangerous to exist.”
“Okay,” said Devon. 
“Promise me,” said Gertie. Her eyes got brighter and she took Devon's hands in hers. Her hands were like an electric stovetop that was getting hot.
“We'll do what we can,” said Devon.
“Trust me,” said Gertie. “I want you to succeed. As terrible as it sounds, what I told you is the only way to kill him.”
Devon squeezed his eyes shut. He jerked his hands away from Gertie. His world spun on  tumble dry low. When he opened his eyes again, he was leaning against something soft. The light was cold and bluish. He realized that he was sitting on the floor at the MegaMart where his mom worked. 
Devon looked over and saw his uncle Joe kneeling over something in the aisle. He thought about what Gertie had told him, about how to kill Louie. And he also remembered the other piece of news. The big terrible news about his mom. 
She's gone, thought Devon.
Devon didn't have to see. He heard Joe's voice in his own head: 'Don't look, Devon. Don't look now. It'll just hurt you more.' 
Devon felt like the little boy in the St. Exupéry story who lived on an asteroid with a rose.
Joe went to him and lent him a hand to get up.
“I'm sorry,” said Joe. He was getting choked up. 
“I think I know how to kill him now,” said Devon. “Gertie came to me again. She told me what to do. But Louie's her father. I don't know if we can trust her.”
Just what we need, thought Joe. More uncertainty. It made the whole Louie affair get exponentially harder to untangle. If Gertie can't be trusted, he thought, we might as well wing it all the way. Or is that the very definition of being a damned fool? This is no better than flipping a coin, and I don't consider myself a betting man. 
“What's the trick?” said Joe. “How did Gertie say we should stop him?”
Devon told him.
Chapter 13

Joe wanted to call Kat. She's my wife and she's in the dark, he thought. I have to talk to her. She might help me get a sane perspective on things.  
Joe was downstairs, in the living room at Claire and Devon's house, sitting on the old maroon couch. There was a dusty cuckoo clock on the mantle over the fireplace, but the time was frozen on 9:15. Not a tick, not a tock. Devon was upstairs in his room. He'd told Joe he needed to be alone for a little bit. Joe hadn't pushed him on it. The kid's mother is dead. That's reason enough. 
Claire was gone. Dead and gone and never coming back, not even for an encore. 
Joe wondered: how were you supposed to handle the death of your nephew's mother? The cops had come by the house again, a couple hours after he and Devon had seen Claire's body. One of them was the same cop who had given Joe a hard time earlier, over the suicide. He'd still looked at Joe like he was some kind of monster. You can't change first impressions, thought Joe. And at this point I could give a rat's ass what that town cop thinks.
There was going to have to be a funeral. For Devon's sake, thought Joe. 
He'd already decided that he and Kat would pay for it. He knew that Claire didn't have enough saved up to cover her own burial. Kat would be fine with that. 
Will she really be fine? thought Joe. What's fine about any of this? 
He had the answer to his own question: Nothing. 
There's nothing fine here. And Kat's going to want us both on our way back to Pescadero on the next flight. No more Louie. No more family getting hurt. 
He dialed the number for Kat's cell. She picked up. 
Joe: “Hey. It's me.”
Kat: “I miss you. Is everything okay?”
Joe: “No. Not really.” He felt his eyes get hot but he held it together.
Kat: “That doesn't sound good, honey. What's wrong?” She wasn't going to the trouble to mask the note of concern in her voice.
Joe breathed over the line, collecting his thoughts before speaking. 
Joe: “Everything's wrong. Everything's going to shit. Claire's gone. It was Louie. And now Devon and I have to – ”
Kat: “Wait. Where did Claire go? And Louie? The Louie? The Louie who killed your brother?”
Joe: “Louie killed her.”
Kat: “Oh my god.” She got silent. “When? How?”
Joe: “A few hours ago. Don't make me tell you how. It caused her a lot of pain. And now it's only me and Devon. We're going to kill Louie. We're going to do it together.” 
Kat felt panic grip her by the throat. 
Kat: “You can't. You bring Devon back and the two of you get out of there. Fly back tonight and we'll raise Devon here at our place. We'll raise him as our own son.” Now Kat was sobbing into the phone. She begged: “It'll be a good place for him. I don't want you to go after Louie. Please tell me you won't. Please please please.” 
Joe knew she meant well but she couldn't understand all of it. Louie had to be stopped, no matter what. Louie was a fucking predator. Louie was a wolf that ate people from the inside and feasted on their entrails; he did it all with a stupid grin on his face and you thought he was your friend right up until he tried to stab you in the heart with a knife. And it seemed like Louie was intent on opening up a stairway from Hell, if the MegaMart was any indication.
Joe: “It's okay. I'll take care of Devon. I have to go.” He pulled himself back together. He couldn't blame her for not understanding.
Kat: “I don't want to lose you.” Her voice descending into a hoarse whisper. “I don't want anything bad to happen. And we owe it to Devon to get him the Hell out of there. You two get on a flight. Do it tonight, I don't care what it costs. You tell me that you're coming home and I'll be better. Tell me that right now Joe.”
Joe looked at the light coming in through the window and it seemed to bend and catch all the dust floating in the air. At that moment, he felt sadness for Claire that she'd never look through that window again. The little things she'd miss being dead. If she misses them at all, he thought.
Joe: “I can't. I know you mean well but I can't.”
Kat: “Don't but me. You end this now. You tell me you're getting on a plane.”
Joe: “I love you.” 
He hung up before she could answer. He slipped his phone into his pocket and he felt it vibrate a few seconds later. He knew it was Kat trying to get through to him. He knew she was steaming mad 3500 miles away. But it was no use. He'd made up his mind. She could chew him out later, if there was a later. Joe had to bring all of this to an end. 
One way or another. 



Chapter 14

Devon came downstairs around dinner time. Joe was still sitting on the couch, looking out the window. Joe wished he was planning how to end this whole fucking mess, but that wasn't the case. He was trying to put the world on pause. 
“Hey,” said Devon. “I can cook dinner if you want.”
“No,” said Joe. “I'll get it started.” Hetried to eke out a smile. 
“I know you think I'm just a kid, but I can take care of myself. I know how to make myself dinner.”
How can he function like this after losing his mom? thought Joe. Something about Devon's reaction seemed foreign to him. Maybe it was just that Devon seemed to have taken whatever grief he had over his loss and somehow stuffed it tightly into a bottle and stuck a cork in it. Is that normal?
“I'm sorry,” said Joe. “I lost track of the time. I didn't think about dinner. We can go out, you know. Maybe grab a slice over by Northgate if the Hamlin joint is still open.”
“Okay.”
Joe got off the couch. His knees creaked. Is that an official sign of being old? he thought.  He reached into his pocket and felt the smooth plastic keyfob for the Ford. He patted his other pocket and felt the familiar bulge of his wallet. He went to the coat closet and opened it. He'd left in such a hurry from California that he'd forgotten to pack clothes for Maine at night. He found an old L.L. Bean coat in the back, one of the polyester ones that you can buy cheap and it keeps you warm for three seasons but not four. Not unless you're into wearing big fat sweaters. 
He put the coat on and saw the way that Devon was looking at him. Joe shrugged his shoulders in the coat, feeling the fit. It was a size Large. He knew Devon's look.
“It's okay,” said Devon. “It fits you. Mom held onto it even though it was too big for me. Keep it on. I want you to keep it on.”
I'm wearing a dead man's clothes, thought Joe. He zipped up the coat. 
Devon got himself a black fleece from the closet. Joe thought that Devon's cheeks were getting a little hollow looking. Maybe it was just a trick of the fading light. But maybe it wasn't. Maybe all the stress and the encounters with Louie were taking a toll on the kid and he was too brave to complain. Joe figured he'd have to feed him a lot of pizza tonight. They'd get pies with sausage and bacon and pepperoni. Those were always good. And maybe mushrooms, Joe always liked mushrooms on pizza; they got all gooey and sticky with cheese and they were salty and soaked up the fat. They were almost as good as pepperoni, the king of pizza toppings. 
Joe and Devon went out to the Ford and got in. The car was cold. Joe started the engine. The radio was on. He didn't remember having it on, but it was on right now. It was on AM, on the Jesus Radio Network. KJRN was big out here and even bigger the further you got from Portland.
Over the speakers in the car: “And the Savior will absolve you of your sins if you come clean!”
Joe thought, “Hallelujah, motherfuckers.” He reached to turn the radio off but he felt Devon's hand fall on his.
“Leave it on,” said Devon. “I feel something. We're supposed to hear this.”
Joe wanted to turn it off anyway. There'd been enough feelings for a day. But he waited. Devon's had a hard enough day without my making it more difficult, he thought.
“Here's a secret,” said the preacher man on the radio, his voice going soft in the dramatic way that radio and TV preachers and politicos liked to speak for effect. “Here's a secret that some of you might not know, but if you don't know it – ” his voice was getting louder now “ – if you don't know it you'll find yourself in the bowels of Hell before you know it. Because you know what the secret is? The secret, my dear friends, is that we all have a piece of Heaven and a piece of Hell in our hearts. The heart of Man is imperfect. We were made in His image but Satan – Satan! – put a little piece of his sorry self in all of us. It's what makes us weak. It's what makes us human. But if you don't know that you've got Satan in your heart, how can you possibly turn him down?”
There was the canned radio sound of a congregation sounding shocked.
The preacher man continued: “If you hear a little voice in your head telling you to do something and you're not sure if it's the Christian thing to do, how are you supposed to handle that if you're caught unawares? Chances are it's Lucifer himself speaking straight into the Party Line and you're listening in, you're listening because the voice is sweet and it would feel good to succumb to – ”
Fuck. I can't stand it anymore, thought Joe. He pushed the little round radio knob and turned it off.
“We were supposed to hear everything he had to say,” said Devon. 
“I'm sorry. I got tired of him. He was a windbag, anyway.”
“It wasn't just him, was it?”
“Maybe not.” 
Joe drove them to the pizza place. He was surprised when they got there that it was still called Northgate Pizzeria. He wondered if it still had the same owners. He'd gone to high school with the owner's son a million and a half years ago. He and Devon got out of the car and went inside.
Joe smelled the pizza smell. It was a warm, greasy mix of dough and cheese and burnt crust edges in the brick oven. It smelled the same way he remembered it. There was a soda machine up at the other end of the counter and a salad bar. He didn't know who would bother going to a pizza place to order a salad, especially a pizza place as good as this one. On the menu, the ingredients were all there: the chopped ham and sliced black olives; the hot peppers; the pineapple and pepperoni and mushrooms and all the other million and one ways to make a pizza taste amazing. 
Joe liked them all except for the peppers. They were the same ones you'd put on an Italian sandwich with all the fixings. Sometimes they were a little hot and other times they were so damn hot you had to drink two glasses of water in a row and chew on a piece of crust or garlic bread to get the damn burning out of your mouth. Joe had the double-whammy misfortune of getting the hiccups if he ate food that was too spicy. So no hot peppers for him. 
The kid at the counter had darker skin. Joe thought maybe Greek descent, or Italian. There were a lot of people who'd had grandparents and great-grandparents who'd come from the Old Country out here. Now they were all Mainers like everyone else.
Joe looked at Devon. 
Devon was standing by the window and he had his thumbs hooked into his pockets. He was staring blankly, his face a frozen mask. Joe felt a wave of sadness right then. Here they were about to order pizza and Devon had just lost his mom earlier in the day. He'd lost her in one of the worst ways that Joe could possibly imagine. 
“What can I get you?” said the kid behind the counter. He had pimples on his chin. He was maybe sixteen, seventeen. He'd probably grow out of the acne in a few years and be decent looking for a few years after that if he didn't take up drinking too hard like a lot of the kids who stayed local.
Joe said, “One Loaded Meat Thing, all the fixings, large. But hold the hot peppers. And a large pepperoni.”
“For here or to go?”
Joe wondered what it would be like to have to say that line ('for here or to go?') over and over, day in and day out. Would it be bearable, or would it drive someone like him to drink or kill himself in some other way?
“To go,” said Joe. He took out his wallet and pulled out the blue Mastercard he kept by his driver's license. The picture on his license was less than flattering. He didn't like showing it to anyone because it made him look like he was getting booked at county for assault. The real reason for the sour expression in his photo was just that he hated waiting in line at CA DMV and it showed. Nothing more. You couldn't blame a man for hating the system, could you? 
The kid ran the card and handed it back to Joe.  Joe slipped it into his wallet and put his wallet into his back pocket. He went over to Devon. He stood by his nephew. 
This was one of those moments where Joe felt like he was twelve again. He didn't know what to do or say. And what can I say right now? he thought. What can I say at a time like this, in a place like this? 
What he wanted to do was hug Devon and cry with him and tell him that they were going to figure this all out together, but that felt hollow right now. He knew it wouldn't bring back Claire. It wouldn't give Devon back his mom.
Instead Joe kept standing, waiting for two pizzas. He put his own hands in his pockets and he looked out the dirty window. He looked at the traffic going by on Washington Ave. It was starting to rain outside. It looked like a cold rain. The drops were spitting and then they started falling in big balls that splatted open and spilled their perfectly clear guts all over everything.
Are things ever going to be normal again? thought Joe. If he was going to believe what Devon had told him about what Gertie had said, where one of them was going to have to die if they wanted to stop Louie, it didn't make for a positive outlook.  And I'll be the one doing the dying, he thought. Devon has his whole life ahead of him.
But it was one thing to face death in the abstract and another to stare it right in the face.  For a man who wrote horror fiction, he didn't fancy himself much of a blood and guts fan. Sure, he'd thought about death before, but it was in more disconnected terms. It was along the lines of, 'If I get a disease and it's degenerative and terminal, will I have the guts to kill myself before I become a drooling idiot shitting into a diaper and eating from a tube while my wife fucks my best friend?' Joe thought he knew the answer to that one, but he didn't dwell on it. It doesn't make sense to dwell on bad shit that hasn't happened yet.
This was different. 
The Bad Times were right around the corner. If he was honest with himself, Joe didn't know if he could do what it was going to take, make that kind of sacrifice. He might be able to when the time came, but it wouldn't be an automatic kind of response. And the pisser, he thought, is that Gertie's the one who's presented us with an impossible choice when it comes to getting rid of Louie. Can I believe her?
(The lying bitch is she with us or the demon?)
There was only one thing that Joe was sure of and it was that he couldn't let Devon get hurt. Framing his own potential reaction to danger in that light made it easier to swallow, somehow.
“Order 217,” said the kid behind the counter. He slid two white pizza boxes onto the counter. Joe got the big white boxes. He handed one of them to Devon. 
The pizza boxes were warm and smelled good. Joe felt his stomach juices flow, followed by a rumble. He and Devon went back to the car and got in. Joe put his box on Devon's lap and Devon held onto both of the boxes. 
The light was lower in the sky, almost night. The blobs of orange and white streetlights were on. Joe didn't drive fast. No use rushing when your days might be numbered.
“It's okay, uncle Joe. I can do it,” said Devon.
“Do what?” said Joe.
“I can do the thing Gertie talked to me about. Taking Louie inside me.”
“No. Fuck no.”
“What if it's the only way?”
Joe felt his temper snap like a rubber band. “I am not letting some dead woman who claims to be Louie's daughter make more people die. We are going to take Louie on together. We're going to do it our own way. And then, when he's gone, we're going to go to California and get the hell out of this town.”
Devon was silent. He looked at the dash and then out the window. The car smelled like hot pizza. They drove another minute in silence. Then Devon said, “I know you mean well. But if we don't do it right, other people might get hurt. What if Gertie was telling me the truth? 
“Pardon my French, but fuck her, Devon. I know she was trying to help, but there's got to be another way. I refuse to listen to someone who says you need to sacrifice an innocent person. Especially when that innocent person is you or me. It's not right.”
“We might not win otherwise.”
“I know. But if it doesn't work, I'm getting us the hell out anyhow, far away from all this shit. Your aunt Kat was right when I talked to her. California will be a better place for you. We can get you away from all this. Don't argue with me about this. My mind's made up. We're going to take Louie on tomorrow, but we're going to do it on our terms.”
“Okay.” 
“Okay.” Joe slapped the steering wheel for emphasis and drove.

Chapter 15

Sadie Cooper was home by herself, sitting at the kitchen table rolling herself a joint. For a twelve year-old, she was an expert at rolling them. Her parents never suspected she smoked but that was because adults were clueless. She could roll a fattie with the best of them.  Her parents always got back late from work, but she was used to it. She liked the time alone. It meant that she could smoke up if she did it outside; she could also invite her friend Abby over and the two of them could get stoned together. Abby had a thing for weed, it made her get horny. Sometimes she wanted to try things with Sadie; Sadie was game. They felt pretty good, and they felt especially good when she was high.
Sadie lived 1.7 miles as the crow flies from Devon, but Devon was barely a speck on her radar screen. It wasn't that she hated him, per se, but he was one of the loser kids and she was one of the cool kids. She didn't like how there had to be a group of cool kids and then the outsiders and losers, but if you were on the winning team it was alright. School had a pecking order. That was a fact of life. She still felt a little bad for him, though. He'd been out of school for more than a month. And it had been shitty that no one so much as got in trouble for what happened on the playground. 
(I didn't throw it but I saw who did) 
She heard from Abby that he was hurt so bad he was in a coma and they didn't know if he was going to wake up at first. But he did wake up, and now they said he was out of the hospital. He might even come back to school and finish out the year. If his mom only knew better than to put him in sweatpants. That was the kiss of death in middle school. No amount of personality could outweigh the heavy shadow of cheap sweats, Fruit of the Loom sweats that you knew came off the bargain rack. 
She finished rolling the joint and looked at it, pleased with herself. She thought about calling Abby up to come get high with her. She went to the wall phone and picked it up. She dialed her friend's number. It was a dedicated kid line and Abby picked up right away. 
“I've got some stuff,” said Sadie. 
“Yeah?” Abby sounded excited. “You want to, you know, do that and then do the other thing?”
“Sure.”
That and the other thing sounded like a good way to pass the time before her parents got home. Sadie had enough weed in her room to roll a lot more fatties. At least a quarter ounce, which was a lot for a twelve year old kid.
“Come on over then,” said Sadie. “We'll play.”
“Give me half an hour.”
“Don't waste too much time.”
“I need a shower from field hockey practice.”
“Alright. Make it taste good for me.” 
Sadie hung up. She didn't think of herself as a dyke. She was just trying stuff out. And it wasn't gay if it was just something you did when you were high, with a friend. She still wanted to find out what it was like to touch a penis. But that would have to wait; girl parts were easier to come by. 
She took the joint and got a matchbox from the windowsill. She went out to the back deck, letting the screen door slam shut behind her. She didn't know why she was thinking about Devon again. They never talked. She just felt the memory of that day on the playground, the way it was coming to the surface like a face floating up from underwater. She didn't want to look at it but she had to. It was there. Telling her to remember what happened.
Did I throw the rock? 
Of course she hadn't thrown it. But she knew who did. She laughed when he threw it because all the other kids laughed and she didn't want to be the odd man out. She went along with it and then she saw that rock hit its mark, the sharp edge cutting a hole in Devon's skull and sending him to the ground. 
I should have gone to him. I should have. I could have. Shoulda coulda woulda....
But she didn't. She laughed and then she followed the others. 
She lit her joint and took a pull from it. The tip glowed orange and she held in the thick smoke. She was good at smoking pot. She always showered and changed her clothes and used Visine after smoking and her parents had absolutely no idea what she was up to. 
She knew why she was thinking about Devon. It was because there had been seven of them that day, not counting Devon. Seven against the one. And now two of the seven were dead, one of them with a screwdriver through the neck. That was Tom Andrews. The cops never figured out what happened to him. His little sister hadn't been any help to the cops, she just started crying when anyone asked her about it. 
The other dead kid, Mitch Bunting, was found hanging from a piece of rope at the graveyard on Brook Road. It was the graveyard across from Devon's house. She heard that he'd been swinging with the breeze, shoelaces still tied like he didn't want to trip when he went wherever he thought he was going. 
She took another drag on the joint. She wanted to push the Devon thoughts away, but it felt like Devon's story was getting closer to her own. Like even if she wanted to ignore him he wasn't going to ignore her – at some point they were going to cross paths again. 
And why not? She saw something bad happen to him and she did nothing. It didn't take a genius to know that was wrong. Back on the playground that day she had to choose between helping him and helping herself, and what could you expect a kid to do? Not everyone could be a perfect little Girl Scout. Sometimes you had to do things you didn't like. Or not do things. That was life.  
She felt the wind blow; it was cold. It smelled like rain was coming. She felt a chill at the base of her spine that crept all the way up to the hairs at the bottom of her neck. She looked into the darkness at the edges of the yard. She didn't see anything. 
It felt like she was being watched. 
She peered into the dark. She thought she heard something. A sound like soft footsteps. She wanted to turn to go inside, but now the fear was making her stay rooted firmly in place. She kept looking. She knew that this was the time to go inside and lock her door, even if she was just getting spooked by the wind or something like a raccoon. Coons were known for making all kinds of mischief at night. They'd had them in the garbage last week, making a huge fricking mess that looked like it'd been a coon trash bender in their driveway. Old food wrappers and orange peels and chicken skin had been strewn on the pavement in front of the house like a massacre had happened. 
She heard another noise, a rustling in the bushes at the end of the yard. There was that feeling of eyes on her again. The noise stopped and she was sure of where it was coming from. She squinted. She was having a hard time seeing in the dark. Mary Jane did not give her superhuman night vision. 
“Hello? Who's there?” she said.
Nothing. Just the sound of wind above her, making the branches and leaves rustle. 
She said, “If you're there come out.” Now the hair on her arms was standing on end. But she was curious as much as she was afraid. What the hell was it in her yard? Should she walk over to the bushes and check it out? Even high, she figured that the most likely explanation was a coon, and then if it came at her it might mean it had rabies. Rabies was scary.
She decided not to go look. She took another hit of the joint. Abby was supposed to show up soon. 
Real loud, Sadie said, “Your loss.” She called it out defiantly and went to the door to let herself back into the house. She put her hand on the knob of the screen door and pulled. 
It didn't open. 
The fuck? 
She pulled again and it felt like the door was jammed. This door never jammed. It had the opposite problem. It never stayed shut all the way. When there was a lot of wind it would bang all night long and keep her awake and she'd wonder when her dad would finally get around to fixing the damn thing. 
But now she was pulling and the door didn't move a fraction of an inch. She felt the eyes again; she looked behind her and thought she saw a flash of yellow. She thought it was her imagination. At least she wanted it to be that. 
You're letting your imagination get the best of you. Relax the fuck back down. You can go around the house. 
But she didn't want to relax. Going around the house meant stepping off the deck into the darkness. It meant going through the yard in the dark, and there were tree roots and small, sharp pieces of granite that reached out of the ground like stiff, bony fingers ready to catch her and send her sprawling. But it wasn't just the fear of falling that was stopping her.
 It was another fear. The fear of The Other. 
It was a fear of the thing in the bushes that was watching her. She got another shiver in her body, this one longer and more sustained. She felt her lips go dry and she licked them. She swallowed and tasted something metallic in her mouth. 
She heard noise from the bush at the edge of the yard. It sounded like whispers, tiny whispers speaking in tongues. But that wasn't possible. What lived in the woods and spoke in tongues at night? Not coons. Not foxes. Not coyotes. 
But what about a monster? What about something supernatural? Did she believe that was possible? Not when she was sober. But now when she was high it seemed possible. She wondered if the weed had been laced with something. Maybe she'd gotten something that had a little extra spice thrown in for psychedelic effect. 
She tried to think of a rational explanation for the two things that were freaking her out right now – one: she felt eyes looking at her like they wanted to eat her; two: she'd just heard tiny whispering voices speaking a language she didn't understand. What did that mean? 
It means it's time for you to stop analyzing and get the fuck away from the backyard.
But if something was stalking her, was it safe to run around front and hole up in the house? If it was something more than a raccoon, couldn't it try to get her while she was inside? Maybe break in? She'd heard of psychos going off their meds and raping and killing women who were home alone. A guy had done that to an eighty seven year-old lady just two years ago. He'd said that voices had made him do it. 
It was the most disgusting thing to think about – just horrific all around. But monsters like that didn't come after girls like her. Not girls who lived in her town and were in the popular crowd. She was supposed to stay popular and have sex with hot boys when she got to high school and then go on and marry a rich guy who would cater to her when she was a woman. That was the plan. She saw it laid out like a yellow brick road, and she was sure as hell going to walk that road as long as she could. 
A psycho in my backyard? What are the odds?
She heard more whispers. The sound of running feet. She saw a large, hunched shadow dart from the bushes and run around to the side of the house, out of sight. She jumped and her heart pumped hard with a shot of fresh adrenalin. She was covered in goose bumps.
Someone was here. 
I saw it.
Him. 
It. 
She didn't know what it was, but it might have been a man. Or not. It was out of sight. Now she felt like an animal in a cage. She was running out of options. Her mind raced: she could run around the other side of the house and make for the driveway, then try to flag down a passing car. That would be one way to do it. But that also only had a 50/50 chance of success. What if he was trapping her? What if he expected her to do that and he was walking around the front of the house right now and when she came barreling around the corner he'd catch her in strong, vicious arms and claw at her and tear off her clothes before wrapping his fingers around her neck to choke her to death? 
She shuddered at the thought. No. She couldn't go around the house. The only way to put distance between him and her was to go straight into the woods. She grimaced. She knew there was poison ivy and there were roots and rocks and piles of junk that people had dumped in the woods a long time ago. It was a minefield. But if she went into the forest, she could run and hide. She could find herself a nook, a dark one by a log or next to some rocks, and she could hide from the thing that she saw.
What if it smells me?
Stepping off the yellow brick road?
Sadie broke into a run. Her footsteps thumped on the planking and she sailed off the deck and landed in the grass. The grass was a little wet from dew and she almost slipped but she pinwheeled her arms to regain her balance. She ran at full speed toward the edge of the yard. The trees loomed larger and then she was in them. She aimed for a spot between bushes; she went as fast as she could. 
She felt a branch whip the corner of her cheeks and she ran past it. It rebounded behind her. Her feet kept moving. She knew she was making noise. If the thing trying to terrorize her was in front of the house, he'd be able to hear her running. There was a good chance he'd come after her and then she'd be
(royally fucked)
like one of those girls in the movies running for her life in the woods at night. It felt surreal. She was glad that she'd smoked a little dope beforehand. The dope was keeping her feet moving, keeping them light. It took just enough of the edge off her fear to make her capable of running through the woods and down the hill. 
She was running for her life and she knew it. 
Sadie didn't stop to listen. She didn't stop to see if the man was coming after her. Now she was flying, pumping her arms and dodging trees and there was just enough of a glow in the night that she was able to miss the rocks and the roots. Or maybe it was just her eyes finally adapting to the available light.
She wasn't an athlete, but when you're trying to cheat death the mind can fool the body. She remembered reading once about a woman who had been in a car crash with her husband. The woman had been ejected from the car and survived, but her husband was pinned inside; the car was on top of him. That woman couldn't accept that her husband was trapped, so she'd lifted the car off him, by herself. She'd gotten it up high enough to see that her husband's head was missing and then all the strength had left her. 
I'm fast like the wind. I'm fast like the wind. I'm fast like a breeze and I run like a bee. Nothing can stop me now.
Sadie was getting getting away from whatever was chasing her. She could feel it. It wasn't as close. She couldn't feel any eyes on her anymore. Maybe that should have given her pause. Maybe she should have slowed down to think about that fact. Why would something bother to terrorize her and then not take up the chase? 
She felt joy bubble inside her, like she'd pulled one over on whatever had come to spoil her night. 
Then she remembered her friend Abby. 
Abby was supposed to come over any minute and maybe she'd be the next victim. Sadie felt a twinge of guilt. It wasn't right to run for your life and not warn your best friend. But this was shaping up to be another one of those cruel life lessons. Sometimes, once you start running, you can't stop until you've saved yourself. 
Sadie felt the running get easier. The roots and leaves were giving way to firmer, flatter ground. It felt almost like pavement now. She was quicker. 
If she'd known what was waiting for her, she would have stopped running. But Sadie kept going. She didn't know that this was the part of the forest behind her house that the local mountain bikers called 'Area 51'. It was a rock garden with a big ledge of granite that had been sanded smooth by glaciers tens of thousands of years ago. And below the ledge was a series of trails that twisted and turned around big round granite boulders. Big bludgeons, courtesy of nature. 
Sadie didn't know any of that because she was more of an indoor girl, but she didn't feel like an indoor girl now. She felt invincible. She was a runner now, pumped up on adrenalin and weed and feeling the power that she didn't know she had. She was running faster than she ever had and the smooth rock beneath her feet provided a solid platform for pushing off. The slightly downward slope made her pick up speed and then she saw something that didn't quite make sense.
The trees looked shorter all of a sudden. It was as thought they'd all gotten skinnier and smaller. She tried to make sense of it, but the dope was making her mind work slower than usual. She kept running, thinking that maybe she'd figure it out as she got closer. She ran and ran and then her next step was into thin air. 
Falling. 
She was falling goddamit and now she understood. In the split second of hang time between her life and the beginning of the end she realized that she'd just run off a rock ledge. The trees in front of her were downhill from the ledge. That's why they'd looked shorter.
She didn't have time to say the word 'shit'. She fell fifteen feet and landed belly first, not on a rock, but on a dead spruce sapling that stuck up about three feet out of the ground. It pierced her gut and came out her back, skewering her like a piece of meat. She felt the blood gush out of her, flowing down and out. A red river of life flowing out of her. 
She knew that this was it. She wondered why she hadn't hit her head. She wished she had, because now she was awake to watch death come, and she wanted it all to be over in a heartbeat. This was far more cruel. 
She waited there, unable to move. Her body felt colder. There was a wet throb in her belly. A black fist was squeezing her. She felt her vision narrow. And then she heard the voice. It was above her on the ledge. It said, “Hi Sadie. Sorry about the belly ache. You did it to yourself, you know.”
“Why?” she croaked. Her mouth was dry. She wanted a glass of water. She wanted to be off the tree. She wanted another hit from the joint that she'd dropped back on the deck when she'd started running. 
“Doesn't feel so good to always look after yourself, does it? But you got what was coming to you. Do you know that shy boy in your class?  The loser in the sweatpants – Devon? The one that you and your little friends pegged in the head with a rock? This is what happens to little bitches who only care about themselves. They get what's coming to them.”
“Who are you?”  she said. Now the thirst was unbearable. She was surprised that she didn't feel any pain anymore. But that was the shock that had set in. She wouldn't feel any more pain and that was nature's way of being less cruel than it had to be. 
He said, “Do you really want to know, baby doll?” He jumped off the ledge and landed on a rock next to her. He did it effortlessly, as though the laws of physics didn't apply to him. He wasn't a normal man, she could see that. He had a blue striped cap and a drawn face. His eyes glowed yellow. He looked at her sorry figure with the bloody sapling sticking out of her back. She was torn open. Ripped meat. 
Louie laughed. “I guess since you're going to Hell anyway I can tell you my name. It's Louie. And let that be a lesson, young lady. You best be on your best behavior from now on.” He laughed again. 
“I – I will,” she said. Could she bargain her way out of this? Her breathing got more labored and she coughed. She tasted blood in her mouth. 
Louie said, “You'll live about three more minutes like this. Enjoy the rest of the show. Toodles.” 
He waved and vanished. Sadie looked at the spot where he'd been standing. She looked for what felt like a long time, but it was just seconds stretched out to hours by her oxygen deprived brain. She closed her eyes. She tried to imagine that this death was just a bad dream. She tried to think backward and remember the exact moment when she fell asleep tonight and the bad dream started. She had the hardest time doing it. Her memory was too fuzzy. 
She took another great gulp of air, feeling the sweetness of it as it reached the alveoli of her lungs that hadn't yet filled with blood. 
It was the last one.
Chapter 16

The deep dark of late night. Devon's eyes snapped open like a doll's. He looked up at the ceiling over his bed and he saw it. It was like someone had scrawled the word in blood in big ugly capital letters: Sadie. Was it dripping on him? The blood looked wet. He blinked and the writing was still there. 
He knew who Sadie was. She was one of the kids who had been there the day he got knocked out. One of the ones who hadn't ratted out her own. Devon sat up in bed and let his legs dangle over the side. There was orange light coming in through the window. It was the reflection of the Portland street lights and the lights on the side of the Turnpike. When the clouds were low and thick you got that kind of hazy orange at night. 
It's happening, thought Devon. The end is coming.
He wished for snow. Snow was white and it covered the stains and the dirt on the ground. Snow was something he liked because it reminded him of his mom and dad. He felt his eyes get hot and wet and he tried hard to push back the tears. He didn't want to let them out because they might start gushing. 
A voice came from his closet: “Too bad about Sadie. Sweet thing, if not a little selfish. But she got what she had coming to her, Devon.”
Devon knew that voice. “Why? I don't want you to hurt them.”
“You fucking little pussy. You don't understand, do you? I'm going to keep killing these ungrateful little snots until you man up and grow a pair. You're a strong boy, Devon. Stronger than you give yourself credit for. But until you show me that you know how to be a man, I'm going to do your work for you. One by one. I'll take them out like bowling pins at Galactic Bowl at Yankee Lanes. Only four left now, sonny boy. I could help you do the rest your way, if you don't like the way I work. You could let me into your head and then we could be a team. I could give you cojones. Real balls! And you could use your powers any way you saw fit. You could decide if they had to live or die. 
“I'd give you the courage to punish them. I'd do that because I'm your friend, whatever you think of me or my methods. You can't trust your uncle Joe, by the way. He's a pussy too but he never manned up. You see what happened to him now? No hope for that man. All weak and too scared to take me on. He hates me because of what happened to your dad, but that was just business. I don't take kindly to people trying to kill me. And neither should you, Devon. We're on the same side.”
No we're not, thought Devon. His breathing quickened. He felt fear and anger. He looked at the closet door. It was open a crack but all he saw was blackness. Is this how Louie takes control?
“I don't want you here,” said Devon. “You have to stop what you're doing. I can take care of myself. I don't need you to be my one-man army. I don't care about those kids who hurt me, not enough to hurt them back. They don't deserve what you're doing to them.”
(or do they?)
Louie snarled and said, “Who are you to know what they deserve or don't? They're pieces of shit, Devon. Entitled pieces of shit who always get their way and always protect their own.”
“Maybe you're right about them. Let's say that you are. I still don't want to hurt anyone. No one deserves to be hurt, Louie. And you took my dad. I can't forgive that.”
Louie's tone softened. “So let me in, Devon. Let me in and I'll let you punish me. You can flog me in your mind. You can give me ten lashes of the good ole cat-o-nine tails. Twenty. A hundred if it'll make it feel better. I've been a little bad, I'll admit it. It comes with the territory – I know I'm not a saint. But we'd be such a team, kid.”
Devon looked over at the door of his bedroom. It was open a crack, too. He thought of Joe. He thought about Joe hard enough to plant a seed in Joe's mind and wake him up: Louie's here. In my room. He's here and I don't want to be alone.
****

Joe sat up in the couch downstairs, sweating. He'd been sleeping in his clothes. He wiped sweat from his forehead. Did you call me, Devon? Is he really here? Now?
Joe went upstairs to Devon's room. He pushed on the door and walked in. He felt Louie's presence. It was cold and there was the smell of shit coming from the closet. He saw Devon sitting on the bed. He saw his own breath in front of him. 
“He's in the closet,” said Devon.
“Do you have any coat hangers in there?” said Joe.
“I think so.”
“Think hard, Devon. Think hard that those coat hangers are snakes and make them go for Louie's throat. Or make them clawed hands. We can't let him get away. We're going to kill him now. The two of us. I'll help you do it.”
“But I don't know if it's going to do anything,” said Devon. His eyes were cast downward.
“Do it, dammit!” said Joe. He regretted raising his voice the instant he'd done it. But here they were, with Louie right in front of them. They had to at least try.
“The boy is right,” said Louie from inside the closet. “You should know better than that, Joey boy. First off, asking the boy to help you with your dirty work is reprehensible. And second, you really think I'm scared of snakes? Are you fucking kidding me?”
Louie stepped out of the closet. He leered at Joey. He opened his mouth and stuck out his tongue. The red flesh transformed into something longer. It grew and twisted as it extended. The skin became covered in tiny scales, and then a diamond-shaped head grew from the tip of it. The head grew two dark, beady eyes and then it opened its mouth and showed two long, sharp fangs.
He's fucking with us, thought Joe. 
Louie made the tongue snake dance in front of Joe. The corners of Louie's mouth were back in a grotesque smile as he made the snake sway to an invisible tune. Louie the snake charmer. 
(charming my boy, charming) 
Louie loved the dance. He loved being Louie.
Joe couldn't take it any longer. He focused his hate on Louie and launched a chair from across the bedroom at Louie's head. The chair impacted Louie with a hard smack and Louie's neck crunched and snapped to the side with the impact. 
A hit like that would have killed any normal man by severing the spinal cord.
Louie just shook his head and made the snake hiss at Joe. The snake lunged and Joe jumped back. 
“You think throwing office furniture will have any effect?” said Louie. “You'd better go back and do your research, Joey. Lauktau don't dig insults and disrespect. But you're a sorry little bitch, so I suppose I should expect such infantile behavior from you. Devon boy, on the other hand, he has potential. We just talked about the possibility of a partnership. Isn't that right, Devon?”
Devon looked up at his uncle, his eyes saying I'm sorry. 
Louie addressed Devon: “And I think you might be convinced, aren't I right? A little courage never hurt a boy.”
“I guess so....” said Devon.
“Don't do it,” said Joe. He knew that Devon wasn't stupid. Joe was linked to Devon's thoughts right now, and they both knew what was happening: Devon was taking responsibility for everything. He was playing this just like his dad would have. Devon wanted to take Louie inside him and contain him; he thought he was strong enough and if he wasn't then he was willing to make it end in any way he could. 
Joe thought Devon was so much like his dad it was infuriating. 
“It's better this way,” said Devon. “Louie's right. I need to let him in.”
Joe didn't scream the next thing, but he thought it as loud as he could. He thought it in big, bold, highway sign letters: DON'T DO IT.
Louie smiled wider than should be possible, exposing all of his back molars as the skin stretched tightly across his face, and then the tongue snake retreated back into his mouth like the cord being reeled back into a vacuum cleaner. “You got some sense into you, fine boy,” boomed Louie. “I accept!
Louie took three steps toward Devon, to where his tall frame was towering over the bed, the dark demon hovering over the child he was about to enter. Invitation only, that's what this party was. And Louie was a happy demon. Happy day, happy demon. He was getting a body to play with. The body of a Perceiver and a Twister, no less. Young Devon had invited him in, and even if Devon thought he was doing the right thing, even if he thought he could control him, Louie knew better. 
Louie was bringing a world of blackness with him. The black and blue fire of Hell was coming with him, and Devon would see that it was madness to think you could control a thing like that. And if the kid tried to put him in a mind prison like his old man? Louie laughed one more time. If the son wanted to go down like the father, so be it. He'd happily oblige. 
“Open your mouth for your medicine,” said Louie. “Time for us to get comfortable with each other.”
Devon opened his mouth.
A few more seconds and it's all over for Devon, thought Joe. He'll end up just like Casper.
Louie dissolved into a black cloud, a vaguely human looking apparition, and he snaked upward as if he were riding a roller coaster and the next stop was down Devon's gullet to the depths of his belly. 
Can't let you take him, Louie, thought Joe.
Joe didn't have time to think after that. He ran to Devon, shoulders and arms down. He tackled him and sent him flying backward against the bed. Devon's head hit the wall and bounced with a thud. 
Louie swirled past both their heads with a whoosh and went up to the ceiling. He circled them like a spinning black cloud. Joe looked up and noticed the writing on the ceiling above the bed – the name 'Sadie' written in blood. He didn't know who that was and he didn't want to know.
“The boy told me I could come in,” said Louie. His voice was coming from the blackness. “You don't get between a wolf and its meal, Joey boy. But I have to give you points for getting balls. I didn't think you'd grow a pair of those.” 
“Fuck you, Louie,” said Joe. He hugged Devon tightly to his chest. Devon burrowed his head into him. Joe felt strength now. “The kid needs a family. And that family is not you.”
“Have it your way, Joey. I suppose I could get back to my other pastime.”
“And what's that?” said Joe.
“Murder in the first degree, Joey boy. Murder by whispers and terror. Finding ways to make people die in a manner that amuses me. Or maybe I'll just eat the two of you little sissies alive.”
Joe put Devon down. He stroked his cheek. Devon's eyes were closed. He's gone somewhere, thought Joe. Maybe that's better. He won't have to see what I'm about to do.
Joe stood on the bed and looked up at the dark, spinning cloud of Louie the Lauktau. Joe said, “Think you need a boy to do your dirty work? How about a man? Or are you too pussy to enter a man, Louie? Is that too gay for you? Come on in, I'm letting you in. We'll settle this one between ourselves.”
Joe opened his mouth wide and closed his eyes, clenching his fists and reaching up toward the dark spinning cloud above him. And then he felt it; the sliding, slithering speed of it as Louie slid down his throat and entered the circulation of his body. 
Joe fell back to the bed and clutched his stomach in pain as the demon made its way up to his brain like the dreaded parasite that it was. Joe's head burned with pain.
Chapter 17

Joe opened his eyes. He wasn't in Devon's bedroom any longer. He'd lost track of the time. Had it been minutes, or hours? All he knew was that he was in the blackness, on his back. He felt alone. This was a familiar place, but it felt like something had changed. Almost as though he'd been the one thrown into a prison. Is the key anywhere handy? He looked down at his feet and didn't see them. It was too dark. 
The key is not to panic. The key is to stay calm. 
Louie's voice came from up above him, somewhere in front: “Nice of you to let me in, Joey boy. You know that this is the end of you, right?” The voice echoed. And if it echoed that meant that there had to be walls somewhere nearby. 
“You got me,” said Joey. “But better me than the kid.”
“That's a noble thought, Joey. You're surprising me. But you know that your sacrifice isn't going to help Devon. After I finish fucking you up, I'm going to go for the boy. And with you out of the picture, he'll be easy pickins. Finger lickin good, as the Colonel says.”
Anger. It was about to take hold of Joe but he sidestepped it. He had to stay clear and calm. He could feel hot wind against his cheek. What was it Devon had said? That Lauktau couldn't stand forgiveness? That forgiveness was something that could destroy them? That was Gertie's advice. 
How do you forgive evil? thought Joe. Maybe he could find a reason to forgive, if he tried hard enough. But he had to look hard. Louie wasn't like an ordinary man who'd been overcome by jealousy and rage and murdered his wife for cheating on him with another man. Louie wasn't like a drunken mother who'd drowned her baby by mistake when she'd left the water in the bathtub running for too long.
 Louie was deliberate evil. Louie was not the embodiment of bad things happening to good people. He was just Bad. The first feeling that Joe had when he thought of Louie was hate. Joe saw a demon that enjoyed causing pain, a manipulative creature that calculated its approach to win your trust before showing you its horrors. 
Could you shed a tear for Louie? That had to depend on whether or not you could shed a tear for the Devil himself. Joe remembered the radio broadcast, the one that he and Devon had been listening to in the car. The one on the Jesus Radio station where the preacher had talked about the Devil in all of us. 
What a load of shit, thought Joe.
Joe couldn't stand radio religion, but Devon had said it was important. And if Devon had said that, then it meant something. It had to mean something. 
The Devil 's in all of us. 
It was all hypothetical, but if you accepted that, and if you loved or had loved anyone in your entire life, then you'd loved a little bit of the Devil, too. That was one conclusion you could draw from that message. It probably wasn't one the radio preacher wanted to push, but you could look at it that way and not be crazy. 
Is there a little bit of good tucked away in Louie somewhere? thought Joe. Something I can use against him? Or is that a moot point because I'm stuck here in a strange prison and Louie's a sick fuck?
“It's just a matter of time,” said Louie. “I'm using your body right now. Did you know that? I'm getting off the bed and your dear little nephew looks like he's sleeping.”
“Don't you hurt him,” said Joe.
“Tsk tsk, you're not in a position to bargain, Joey. But I'm not touching your precious little man. I'm going to the bathroom. I haven't taken a piss in damn near twenty years and this one is going to feel good. I'll tell you all about it. Ahh – I'm putting up the lid of the toilet seat and taking out your cock. It's not bad, but your brother's was bigger. Maybe I'll do your wife with it later – we'll see if she can tell a difference when I'm driving it instead of you. I think she will. It's all in how you use it, Joey boy.”
Joe kept silent. He's goading me. But I have to try the forgiveness angle at least once. I owe it to Devon. 
“Damn that was good,” said Louie. “So nice to evacuate the bladder once every couple of decades. And now I'm hungry. I'm going to go raid the fridge, if I say so myself.”
“You're hurt, aren't you?” said Joe. “If you're in pain, you can tell me. We could talk about it.” It feels fucking strange to try and have a rational conversation with a demon. 
Louie laughed. “You think I'm hurting? Silly man. I'm not hurt. I feel fucking fantastic! Like a MOTHERFUCKING champ. That's how I feel right now. I've got a body and I'm going to abuse it until it gives out.”
“Does it make you sad that Gertie told us how to kill you? It must. She's your own daughter, after all.”
Joe waited for a response. There was a brief pause. 
Louie laughed. “Devon took to her real nice. I taught her well.”
“So she lied?”
“We all lie, Joey. It's what we do. We lie and cheat and kill and steal and fuck. For starters. But Gertie's just half a demon. She gets soft sometimes. I think she feels bad about Claire and sometimes she mopes about her own mother. Stupid cunt. 
“The rats were a nice touch, in my book. Gertie didn't appreciate the detail but I could care less. She did her part and now I'm in your body and it feels fucking marvelous. You know what your problem is, Joey? It's your preoccupation with good and evil. Black and white. The world doesn't work like a checkerboard. It's not cut up into neat little squares. It's fuzzy, Joey boy. A little bit of good and a little of bad and you mix em all together and what do you get? You get reality. ”
“What were you before you were a Lauktau?” said Joe. I've got to keep trying.
“And that matters why?” said Louie. He laughed. 
Joe's head hurt. He was getting a doozy of a headache. A three-Advil pounder. But he didn't have any Advil here. He didn't have anything.
This isn't working, thought Joe. Gertie lied to Devon and now we're all up shit's creek. Louie doesn't give a damn about forgiveness.
Joe got a lightning bolt of pain through his eyes. A brief flash of electric white light. Then it was back to blackness. Joe was sure that Louie was the one doing it. For a second Joe heard a lyric from the Smashing Pumpkins playing in his head:  'Despite all my rage, I am still just a rat in a cage'. 
It seemed fitting. 
Funny how the mind wanders when you're helpless, he thought. He clenched his fists. He felt himself grind his teeth. It was a nervous habit that Kat was trying to break him of. But what does it matter now? I'm as good as dead.
Kat. His wife. She seemed so far away right now. He wanted to be back with her, sitting in his living room in the afternoon with a cup of coffee and Kat in the chair next to his reading a book. He wanted to watch the fog roll in off the ocean while he heard her breathing and turning pages. 
Be here now, thought Joe. You're not home. You're on your own. It's you versus Louie. You only have one mission left in life, and you know how it has to end.
The problem for Joe was that he was in his own head, just not in control of it. He couldn't feel or see anything Louie was doing. It was all second-hand information from a goddam Laukatu known to bend the truth. As far as options were concerned, Joe could feel them narrow.
What are my choices now? 
He could go along for the ride, but that wouldn't help anyone but Louie. He could try and convince Louie to come into the cage, the black nothing in his mind. But Joe was pretty sure that Louie wasn't stupid; Louie knew what he wanted. And that didn't involve giving Joe a fair fight.
The other option Joe saw was to convince Louie to let him out. It was a long shot, but it was worth a try. 
Joe shouted up at the blackness above him: “Hey, numbnuts. You win. Let's have some fun together – fuck some shit up. I'm tired of being the good guy all the time. Let's do this.”
Louie started laughing. “You want to see what we can do together? Be my guest. I'll let you watch. But I'll be the one in charge. No cheating. Lookie but no touchie touchie, Joey. I'll know if you're trying to pull a fast one.” 
That was almost too easy, thought Joe. But it made sense. He'd found a weakness after all. Louie wanted an audience.

Chapter 18

Back, thought Joe. I'm back, baby.
Joe was out of the dark place. He was able to see out of two windows stained blood red. He realized that the windows were his eyes but Louie was moving them. 
He's in control just like he said, thought Joe. 
Joe tried to lift his right hand in front of his face. It moved an inch before he felt a stinging, burning pain that shot from his fingers deep into his chest and gripped his heart in a fist. And this is what resistance feels like.
He stopped trying and the pain stopped.
“I said you could watch,” said Louie. “I didn't tell you that you could take control. I'm in charge of your body, Joey boy. I'm going to have some fun with it. A lot of fun.”
Joe thought, I almost lifted my hand. It was painful, but I was able to resist. 
Joe said, “Let's fuck something up, Louie. Show me what you can do now that you've got a human to play with.”
“I'd never expect that coming out of your mouth, Joey. What gives? Change of heart or do you think you can play me for a fool? Tell you what – I'll give you the benefit of the doubt. I'll do that because I'm a fair man myself. Everyone deserves a chance, that's what I say. I'll take your new attitude as a welcome and unexpected shift in your personality.” 
Louie laughed. “There are four little kiddos left from the playground incident. Four ungrateful shits that deserve what's coming to them. I was thinking of doing them one at a time. It would be fun to watch them beg, to see the terror in their faces when they see what's coming to them. But then again, I could roast them all at the same time. A big bang. Mass execution style. 
“You know that sometimes I have such a hard time making up my mind. Killing is too much fun. The sport of kings. Not to mention all the fun you can have with the bodies when you're done. Doesn't that make you get hard just thinking about it?”
Joe suppressed the urge to vomit and thought, I have to put an end to this fucker before he follows through on any of this.
Here was the problem: Casper had taken his own life when he had Louie inside him, thinking it would bring the Lauktau down with him, but Louie had been able to slip out. Casper had done it with a bottle of oxycodone pills and eight shots of Jack. 
Joe remembered the way that Casper had shuddered right before he'd died, how he'd opened his mouth and coughed just before taking his last breath. That was when Louie's black cloud had had time to escape. Joe remembered seeing it go. That was a brutal punch in the gut, thought Joe. 
So suicide wasn't the answer. Not for Casper. But Joe was getting desperate. The desperate man could do a lot of things, including finding solutions where none seemed to exist. 
Maybe Casper had the right idea, but it needs to happen in a different way, thought Joe. Maybe Casper's 'exit' was too gentle. Maybe Louie got too much warning. So what if I find a more violent way to end it all? How's Louie going to swallow that bitter pill?
I'll have to run with it and see what happens.
Joe prodded Louie: “You a pussy? If you're going to get revenge for Devon, then go ahead and do it. Stop thinking about it and just fucking do it. Make something happen. I want to see how you work.”
“You have a mouth on you now, Joey boy,” said Louie. 
 Joe felt how an over-wide smile was getting forced into his face by Louie. It hurt. 
Joe watched through his red-tinted eyes as his body went down the stairs. Louie took them to the kitchen and grabbed Joe's car keys from the kitchen table. They went outside and Joe could feel every movement of muscle, every nerve ending in his body. But he knew that if he tried to control any of them he'd feel unbelievable pain. Burning. 
I've got to pick my battles, thought Joe. Take the pain when it'll count. 
They got in the car and started it. Joe saw the needle on the gas gauge was almost on empty. 
That's an opportunity, thought Joe. He didn't know how yet, but it did mean that he might be able to convince Louie to take them to a service station for gas before the killing started. It at least bought Joe some time to think and improvise.
(a violent death)
Joe told Louie, “You need to fill er up.”
“Gas? I always forget how tiresome it can be to be human. You need to bother with stupid things like cars and gas and food and bowel movements. It all gets to be quite a waste of time if you ask me.”
“So you'd rather just stay a Lauktau with cloven hooves, then?”
“Of course not, Joey. Humans are so good at fucking each other up. I'm happy to take part and contribute my expertise. And do you know how long it's been since I've had a woman? A proper woman?”
“You mean you didn't do Gertie in Hell? Isn't incest allowed there?”
Louie chuckled. “So perceptive. A gentleman never kisses and tells. But she had nice tits back in the day. You want to do her? I could arrange that. She could come to you in any form you want. I'll hand her over on a platter.
“I'm impressed with your change of heart, Joey. You've seen the light. Amen to that, right? We're going to have so much fun together. Killing and fucking. Fucking and fucking and killing.”
“I'll pass on the fucking for now,” said Joe. “Not feeling it. Let's get some gas in the car.”
“Where to, Joey? Where's the closest gas station?”
“The Irving down by Hannaford. It's just off Leighton.”
“Which way do we turn?”
“Left.”
Louie didn't put the blinker on. He pulled out of the driveway, accelerated, and then slammed on the brakes too hard at the four-way stop with Blackstrap.
Louie stepped on the gas and spun the tires, letting out a pig-like squeal of delight. They hit fifty-five before Joe called out the right-hander onto Leighton. This was in a thirty-mph zone. 
“Hang on,” said Louie. 
Joe felt that strange, disconnected feeling of his own body driving the car even though he wasn't the one doing the driving. They sped over a hump on the downhill and Joe felt the weightlessness in his bowels. The Ford bounced up and down on its tires and compressed the suspension. They hurtled over the Turnpike overpass and this time they were coming up to the light at Gray Road.
Joe saw the traffic crossing in front of them. Louie wasn't slowing down. He was going to shoot right through, trying to find a gap. Joe felt the muscles on his own face pull back into an unnatural grin, and then Louie hooted: “We're fucking amazing, Joey boy! Fucking amazing!”
An eighteen-wheeler slammed on its brakes and laid on its horn. They crossed just in front of it. Joe thought that if he'd been able to turn his head he would have seen the whites of the driver's eyes. 
The car bounced off a bump on the other side of the intersection. Behind them was the sound of screeching tires and shearing metal and breaking glass.
“This right here,” said Joe. “This is it. Turn right.”
Louie swung the wheel hard over and the back of the SUV drifted around behind them. He stepped on the gas one more time, spinning the wheels again, and now they were heading into the parking lot for the Irving at some speed that was way too fast for safety. 
Louie slammed on the brakes and the car skidded to a stop in front of the convenience store by the gas pumps. There were cars and pickups at the pumps. People were standing next to them, filling up. Some were looking at the pile-up in the intersection down the street, craning their necks to see better.
A couple of the cars were sitting empty at the pumps with no one around.
That was when Joe saw something interesting. Some days you make your own luck, some days your luck finds you.
There was a fuel tanker truck toward the back of the store at the edge of the lot. The driver was outside of the truck, doing something with a valve embedded below the ground. It was tank refilling time. Unleaded with ten percent ethanol to make the Greens happy.  
Can I make it go boom boom? thought Joe. That would fit the definition of a violent end.
A fuel truck was a sitting bomb. There had been a story about one recently, one that had made the national news. One of the fuel tankers upstate had stalled in a railroad crossing. And everything that happened afterward was straight from a horror book. 
It just so happened that a freight train carrying corrosives and fertilizer was barreling up the same set of tracks. The railroad crossing was in downtown Cherry Mills, and the freight train was coming around the last bend into town at better than sixty. 
Freight trains were supposed to take that bend at thirty, but the engineer on this train was pushing it harder because he'd made a game with himself as to how fast he could make his route. His boss got happy when he shaved time off the long leg up to Canada, saying it saved the company money, and this engineer got his rocks off on pushing the trains as hard as they could go on these old pieces of track. That was the story that had come out after the the police had gotten done with all their interviews and investigations, so it was at least part conjecture with a sprinkling of facts to make it easier to put in the official accident report.
The engineer was texting his girlfriend thirteen seconds before the collision. They knew that because a forensic team looked up his cellphone activity and retraced his electronic footsteps. The phone itself, the one he was holding in his hand before the accident, didn't make it. And neither did the engineer. By the time he saw what was coming, it was too late. He put on the brakes and blew the whistle but that truck wasn't going anywhere. 
Tragically, the driver of the truck was still in the cab, trying to get the damn thing going again. Investigators figured that he was just doing what a good driver should do – trying to get his thousands of gallons of highly volatile fuel out of harm's way.
The freight train hit the fuel tanker, and what the crash scientists said, the part that made it so deadly, was that the tanker full of fuel acted as a primary ignition source for thirteen cars chock full of ammonium nitrate. As soon as the shock wave from the fuel blast hit the fertilizer, there was a boom that was big enough to level almost two square miles downtown. 
It looked like a nuclear bomb had gone off. Or maybe a handful of those US Air Force bunker buster bombs that the neocons liked to talk about peppering all over Iran.
Either way, it was a royal mess.
The national media had been obsessed with Cherry Mills since then. It was true that entire towns got lifted off their foundations in the Midwest when tornado season roared through, but this was just a special kind of horrific. It was a train-truck bomb, and that trumped a wind storm any day. The only thing that could have been worse would have been an actual nuclear bomb. 
Joe thought about the poor folks of Cherry Mills. He thought about the unfortunate driver of that fuel tanker. He even thought about the engineer who was texting his girlfriend. He shouldn't have been driving the train so hard, but a fuel truck shouldn't have stalled in his path, either. The engineer got the brunt of the blame in the media, but Joe had to wonder if part of that was the human tendency to try and explain away bad luck as something else. No one likes accepting life as a game of chance, do they?
“Louie – when was the last time you had a drink and a smoke?” said Joe. He was starting to see something come together, a crude way of making Louie go away for good. But it was going to take luck and there was no telling if Louie would fall for it.
Louie got out of the car. Now he was looking at the front of the convenience store. To Joe it looked rose-tinted. Louie said, “You continue to amaze me with your powers of perception, Joey. It's been far too long, I'll tell you that.”
Louie walked into the convenience store. Joe thought it looked too new. A convenience store should be dirtier, with a few more spilled beer stains and cigarette smells. They went to the cold case to the left of the register. Joe felt Louie grab a forty ounce Budweiser. He took it to the counter and put it down. “A pack of Marlboros,” said Louie. 
It was still strange to hear Louie's words rolling off his own tongue. But Joe let this play out. He had to be cool now. He was going to take advantage of what was in front of him. In a lot of ways, ending Louie was going to be like ending one of his books. He always tried to work with what he had, with what was right in front of him. 
And one more thing – Joe figured out that there was a side-effect of being stuck in his own head, and it was playing in his favor. It seemed as though he and Louie could talk, but Louie wasn't able to read his thoughts. Joe was pretty sure about that. Otherwise there was no way that this little charade would still be happening. 
The clerk told Louie how much for the smokes and the beer. Louie reached into Joe's pocket for a wallet and took out a ten dollar bill. 
“Remember a lighter,” said Joe.
“A lighter, right,” said Louie. 
The clerk looked at the person in front of him. Louie as Joe looked a little disheveled. A little mentally ill. But the clerk wasn't in the business of evaluating mental health. He sold gas and cigarettes and beer. And for nourishment it was corndogs and Pepsi Sprite Moxie Coke Tab or beer. 
The clerk took the ten and gave Louie the change. Joe felt Louie take the money and put it back into his wallet. Louie tucked the wallet into Joe's back pocket and took the beer and cigarettes and lighter in a plastic bag that the clerk handed him.
Kat gave me that wallet, thought Joe. It was dark blue leather. She'd gotten it on a trip to New York to visit a good friend of hers. Joe never bought himself nice things like designer wallets or nice shoes and shirts. It wasn't that he didn't have the money – it was just that he didn't really care about those things. Not enough to get them for himself. But when Kat brought him the blue leather wallet, that one had had meaning because it was from her. 
Joe remembered the way she smiled when she gave it to him, the way her fingers brushed his when he took it from her and turned it over in the light to look at it. It was a fine wallet. A well-designed wallet, with enough places to put plastic and paper. A place for everything. 
What's the use in sentiment now? thought Joe. Am I thinking the thoughts of the condemned?
Louie walked out of the store.
“How about we pop that forty?” said Joe. “I'm thirsty. I don't know about you, but I could use a drink before we raise hell.” There was conviction in his voice. He was going to raise Hell all right. Just not how Louie expected. 
Louie stopped just outside the front of the store. There was smooth concrete there. He stared at the gas pumps and Joe saw them through the red-tinted windows of his eyes. Then Louie took a quick look at the man at the fuel truck before looking at the pumps again. Louie said, “Right here? Why not? Why the hell not?”
Does he know what I want to do? thought Joe. Even if he can't read my thoughts, he must be wondering why my change of heart. He must be waiting for me to make my move. Am I throwing my life away for nothing?
Louie reached into the plastic bag and popped the top of the beer bottle with his teeth. He tilted it up to his lips and took a long swig. Joe felt the buzz come on fast. Louie took another swig. The buzz was good. Joe knew he'd need all the help he could get.
“Now how about a smoke?” said Joe.
Louie grunted and took the Marlboros out. He opened the pack and took out one cigarette and put it between his lips. Then he took another one and put it behind his ear. He closed the pack and slipped it back into the crinkled plastic bag. He pulled out the plastic Bic and flicked it below the cigarette, cupping his hand around it to keep the flame alive. 
Joe felt Louie take a deep drag on the cigarette. He coughed. He'd given up smoking fifteen years ago – his lungs weren't used to it. Louie gave a hacking laugh and Joe coughed again. 
“This is the life, ain't it now Joey boy? You and me. Partners in crime. Drinking and smoking before we get our dirty on. I'm feeling good about today, Joey. We're going to make shit happen. We're going to light this town up. I feel a rampage coming on. We'll get the rest of the little snots who bullied Devon, for starters. The only little problem for you is that on the news tonight the only psycho they'll see is you, I'm afraid. It's going to be good, Joey, either way. Don't you think?”
“Yeah,” said Joe. “We're going to light shit up.” Now's when I have to make my move. “Are you afraid of me, Louie?”
“Afraid of you?” Louie boomed out laughing and ended with more coughing. “That's a good one, Joey. Of course I'm not afraid. You're stuck with me now. Stuck stuck stuck. Sure we'll raise hell, but that's because otherwise you'll be living in the naughty room where you can't see anything. And you don't like the naughty room, do you, Joey boy?”
“So let me let me take my body for a second. I want to show you something.”
“Oh no – I'm not giving in to that. You think I'm a Pineland retard? That sounds like a trick to me. Oldest one in the book. Look but don't touch, just like at the gentleman's club. You touch a tittie, you get thrown out, isn't that right?”
“Only a minute. I want to show you how to fuck things up big time. Consider it my initiation to the Bad Boy Club. It's not like I want control all day or anything. ” 
Now Louie's got to see right through this, thought Joe. I'm fucked. 
Joe thought with all his might and imagined that the fueling hose leading from the truck to the valve in the ground was a snake. There's a symmetry at play here – payback can be a bitch. He made it rise out of the truck's tank and slink into a cobra-like posture, swaying back and forth. It spewed fuel at the guy who'd been holding it. The guy ran off making scared shouts and trying to say the word 'help' but it came out garbled.
Louie punished Joe for his insubordination. 
Joe felt lightning pain in his head and white burning light in his eyes. His head felt like it was splitting open. It pounded. Then another bolt of electricity went through him and Joe thought he felt blood coming out of one ear. He didn't dare reach up and touch it.
The fuel hose clattered to the ground.
“I said no playing without my permission,” said Louie. “Were you doing something naughty?” He said it like a teacher who'd caught a kid doing something bad on the playground but pretended not to see.
No use giving up now, thought Joe. “I think you're a pussy, Louie. I think you're afraid that I know how to have more fun than you.”
“So you want to show me, is that right? You want to show me how you can be a big bad boy too?”
“If you're not too scared Louie. If you're not scared of me. If you're not the biggest pussy there is.”
“Fine,” said Louie. He took another pull on the forty and threw the bottle down on the ground. It shattered into little pieces of brown glass and left a small puddle of beer on the pavement. 
Joe felt his head spin, more from Louie's acceptance than the beer. Is he going to let me try this? For real?
“I'm giving you one minute,” said Louie. “One minute and then it's my turn again. Impress me.”
“I'll impress you,” said Joe. He saw the red tint lift from his eyes. He tried to wiggle his fingers and waited for the punishing sting, but there was none. He's good on his word...for now. That means I have 54 seconds left.
Would it be enough?
Joe ran toward the fuel truck. Louie's got to see what I'm doing. He's going to step in and it's going to be over before I can pull it off. But Joe got the truck unscathed. And that was when he saw Louie's biggest weakness of all:
He thinks he has none. 
Joe felt the cigarette dangling out of his mouth and he took a pull on it. This time he held the harsh smoke in for longer before breaking out in a cough. This was all so simple he laughed. He coughed again and walked to the back of the truck. The fuel pump was still running. There was fuel spilling onto the pavement. It had such a strong smell to it that he had to force himself to walk toward the gushing nozzle. 
Louie spoke to Joe from inside: “You expect me to jump in and stop you now, don't you Joey Boy? You think I'm scared. But I'm not the pussy here, Joey. You are. You don't have the balls and you never did.” 
Joe looked at the shiny aluminum head of the fuel nozzle on the ground. Gas was spilling from it fast. And my time is running out. 
Joe smiled to himself. He thinks this is a game of chicken. He's going to cut it close. He's going to wait for me to blink.
Joe bent down and picked up the nozzle. He held it in front of him like he was taking a piss, laughing while he did it. Gas streamed out in a tall arc. Then Joe pointed the nozzle at himself, dousing his pants and shirt with 87 octane before turning it away again and pissing fuel against the side of the truck. The fuel vapors rose up around Joe. The cigarette dangled from his mouth. 
Ten more seconds of life, he thought. That's all I've got left. 
Joe expected the painful lightning in his head to descend upon him, for darkness, for Louie to make his body explode in mind-stopping pain and crush his heart in a vise. But Louie wasn't flinching. 
Joe walked with the nozzle until he was standing next to the silver belly of the truck. The red warning sign was right there. The one that said 'explosive.' It made Joe erupt in a belly laugh. No guarantees in life, but Louie's gonna get a hell of a shock out of this.
Louie spoke: “Pussy boy. I admire the theatrics, but you have too much to lose. Your beautiful wife, for one. We're going to fuck her together, remember? And we can't forget your nephew. Devon needs you now that his mommy's gone. But maybe you're just showing me what a tough guy you are now. And I thought you were just a little gay pump boy. Bravo, Joey. But your turn's up. I'm in charge now. ”
Joe said, “Goodbye, asshole.” 
He moved his hand toward his mouth, to the cigarette – the source of ignition. Stabbing pain shot through his arm and exploded in tiny shards of shrapnel in his chest and head. His hand shook violently but he managed to touch the cigarette. He felt like the blood vessels were going to burst inside his head. His blood pressure was soaring. If Louie kept this up any longer, he'd have a fatal aneurysm. His vision was rapidly closing to black at the edges, everything narrowing down to a single focal point. A last action.
“You're making a big mistake, Joey Boy,” said Louie. “You're going to die for this and then what? Nothing. You won't get jack shit and I'll be free. Another life wasted” 
This time there was fear in Louie's voice. Joe heard it. It was unmistakable. The bastard's afraid. 
Joe's vision was a blur. He took the cigarette in three shaking fingers. His body was screaming in pain so loud he thought he'd drop to his knees and pass out. But this was it. This was the last thing he'd do. He only needed a second to do it. 
Joe looked up at what he thought were white clouds in the pinpoint of blue sky above him and told Kat he was sorry. Then he dropped the cigarette and it fell toward the gushing fuel nozzle.
The vapor ignited. Joe's world went out in a flash of white light and expanding heat.
Chapter 19

Devon was still on his bed with his eyes closed. In his mind he was walking along his road, a mile or so from his house. He knew that it wasn't real. He was traveling again. He was walking in the sandy place next to the pavement. There were lush green ferns growing next to him and tall grass. He shuffled along, looking at his feet. His shoelaces were loose. He heard a voice behind him, a familiar one. He turned around and saw Joe. 
“What happened?” said Devon. “What did you do to him?”
Joe smiled. It was bittersweet. “I blasted him to Hell. Blew myself up next to a fuel truck.”
“Do you think it worked?”
“I don't know. It all happened fast. One second I was there and the next I wasn't. He thought it was a game of chicken until right before I lit us up. By then I think it was too late for his ass. I heard him – he was afraid at the end.”
“You're not coming back then, are you?”
“No. You're on your own now. I have to leave. I can't stay here. I'm sorry. But better me than you. You have your whole life ahead of you.”
“I'll miss you.”
“I'll miss you too, kiddo.”
“Kat will miss you too.”
“I know,” said Joe. Then he disappeared. 
Chapter 20

Devon opened his eyes and he was alone in his bedroom. It was quiet in the house. He looked out into the yard. It felt strange to be alone. He didn't know if he'd try and go to California to be with Kat. He knew he needed to call her, to tell her what had happened to Joe. It was going to be hard for her, too.
He walked downstairs to the kitchen. It felt too quiet without his mom around. He looked around at what had been familiar surroundings and felt the emptiness. Then he heard what sounded like a knock on the door and turned around. 
There was no one there. 
Devon hoped it was just the wind making noises with the house. But it won't ever be simple like that anymore, he thought. Everything has changed. 
He went to the door and opened it. He looked outside and didn't see anyone in front of the house. He stood in his socks with the door open and the wind blew. It was cold. 
A crow cawed up on a telephone wire. Devon looked up. He felt like the crow was watching him. What does it want? A few days ago, he would have thought nothing of it; two animals you always saw year-round around here were crows and squirrels. But he couldn't assume that things were innocent, not now.
There was a gust that blew leaves from the yard into the driveway. Some of them were brown, some of them were still yellow and orange. There was a white envelope on top of the leaves. 
Devon saw it, if only because it didn't match the rest of the leaves. He went into the driveway in his socks. The ground was cold, a little damp. He bent down and picked up the envelope and stood again. He turned it over in his hands. The crow cawed again but Devon didn't look up this time. There was no name written on the envelope. He took it and went back into the house.
It was warmer inside. Devon held the envelope, wondering if he should open it. Part of him wanted to bury his head in the sand. He thought that he could throw the envelope out and not read what was inside and then it wouldn't matter if there was something terrifying in it or not. Maybe not knowing is better.
Then again, if he was lucky, there was a chance that the note didn't mean anything at all. Maybe he'd just found a love letter or a thank you note or some meaningless blank birthday card. He wanted it to be nothing. He wished for it under his breath.
Devon tore the top of the envelope open. There was a folded white piece of paper inside. He unfolded it. The writing looked like a kid's handwriting. Or maybe it was just wrong-handed scrawl. It said: “Nice job with Louie. But you forgot someone.”
A threat?
Devon crumpled the note. He opened the door of the woodstove and put the note inside it. Then he went and got a box of matches from the windowsill above the sink. He went back to the woodstove and stared at the crumpled paper inside. 
It's not over, he thought. He got a sick feeling in his gut. It churned there. He took out a match from the matchbox. His fingers were shaking. He looked at his hands. They were shaking like the hands of an old person. He struck the match and it didn't light. He did it again, pressing harder, and the match head broke off. A dud. 
Devon took out a second match. This one lit when he struck it against the matchbox. He reached into the stove with the little flame. He put it to the corner of the note. The fire spread and grew. He watched the flame do its work.
Devon let an hour go by, sitting cross-legged in front of the little pile of ashes in the woodstove. There was a thing he had to do. But he didn't know how he was going to say it yet.
He went to the phone. He picked up the black address book on the side table by the phone and leafed through the pages. He found the number for Joe and Kat's house in California. He took the touch-tone phone and looked at the way the numbers on the dial pad were glowing green. He thought it was strange how the little things had a way of getting more important when you were trying to put off the inevitable. 
Devon dialed the number. It felt foreign to him. It was a 650 area-code.
Kat picked up. She said hello. Then there was silence on the line.
Kat: Who's there?
Devon swallowed. 
Devon: It's me. 
He told her about what had happened. He told her about seeing Joe in his vision, the story that Joe had told him about Louie being afraid. Devon told her about everything except the note he'd just found. He didn't want to bring that up. He didn't even know what the note meant, not for sure.
Kat managed to hold on and listen for a long time. After a while she cried, like she'd been expecting the call all along. 
Devon didn't interrupt. 
Kat's sobs gradually slowed, then stopped.
Kat: You'll come live with me. We'll take care of each other. I can give you a fresh start. Somewhere far away from all the awfulness you've been through. 
Devon: Thank you.
Kat: Don't thank me. We're family. We have to stick together. At least it's all over now.
Devon: Yeah. 
Devon didn't know if he believed that last part, about it being over. Maybe moving across the country would be good for him, maybe he could outrun whatever evil it was that had found him in this town. 
Or maybe not. 



 The End
