




SUNDOWN RISING


T. A. BRADLEY



Published by T. A. Bradley at Smashwords

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any semblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Copyright © 2015 by T. A. Bradley
Weeping Willow Copyright © 2009 by T. A. Bradley
The Progeny Copyright © 2011 by T. A. Bradley

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever. For information address T. A. Bradley, 3804 Taylor Ave, Drexel Hill, PA 19026

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Author's Note

Weeping Willow has been previously published in Horror In Words magazine and also as a reprint in The Vampire Megapack. The Progeny is an original unpublished sequel.


Table of Contents

Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Section 4
Section 5
Section 6
Section 7
Section 8
Section 9
Section 10
Section 11
Section 12
Section 13
Section 14
Section 15
Section 16
Section 17
Section 18
Section 19
Section 20
Section 21
Section 22
Section 23
Section 24
Section 25
About the Author
Other Works by




PART I
WEEPING WILLOW


1
I wasn't entirely sure that I was doing the right thing, as I signed the last of the pages in front of me.  Something about it still felt very wrong.  After all, it was my wife, Ronnie, who had wanted the house so badly.  Nothing I said could dissuade her.  As I slid the completed forms across the table to the realtor and handed her my closing check, I wished that Ronnie could be here.  I wished with all my heart that Christopher Randolph had not been drunk.  I wished that he had not been fiddling with his CD player.  I wished that he had not jumped the curb and run into the telephone pole that stood in front of our house.  And most of all, I wished that that stupid splinter of wood that he'd sent flying hadn't ripped into my wife's femoral artery.
"Congratulations," said the realtor, extending her hand.  "You got yourself a fine fixer-upper.  Congratulations!"  She was pumping my hand as if she were trying to get an old well restarted.  It brought me back from my wishing.
"Thank you," was all I said.  She smiled, then handed me the keys.  Her face was literally aglow with the thoughts of the commission on this one.  A tidy sum, I suspected, for a house that just sold for four hundred and twenty-seven thousand.
"Now, if there's anything else you need...anything we at Carlton's Realty can do to help you get settled, you just call."  She handed me a folder of papers and brochures.  "Here's the startup package.  Your electric, phone, cable, trash...all taken care of and up and running."  She shot me another salesman smile.  "Everything you need to settle in has already been done.  O'course, you can always change things whenever you want...but you're all set."
It took about twenty five minutes to get to the house, five of which was negotiating the long winding driveway.  The house sat on twelve acres of wooded land, one of the things that Ronnie had loved about it.  There was also a lot of work to be done to the house and the property.  Another thing Ronnie loved.  She was the handyman, not I.  I was more the call-in-the-pros type.
The lawn was totally overgrown.  Patches of grass and weeds stood two to three feet high in places.  A gnarled tree limb stretched across the driveway just short of the front porch.  It laid there like an oversized snake, its mottled bark flaked away in places.  Shelf fungus was starting to take over and the large white discs scattered along its length stood out like skin cancer.  Had it come down another three feet to the left it would have taken out the whole corner of the house.  I rolled up to it, my old CJ7 skidding to a stop on the thinned out gravel.
The first thing I noticed when I climbed out of the jeep was the sweet smell of the flowering trees.  A stark contrast to the death and decay that surrounded the property.  The house was in no better shape than the lawn.  Probably a lot worse.  The roof had definitely seen better days.  Here and there, shingles had fallen away, giving the house a balding look.  The paint was puckered and flaking and the glass was missing or broken from most of the windows.
It was a large house and was going to take quite an investment in time and money to get it back to where it should be.  But standing there in the driveway, I couldn't help but see what Ronnie had seen in it.  I tried to imagine what it used to look like two hundred and ten years ago when it had been built.  Sprawling and majestic.  The stone foundation perfectly pointed; the wood siding clean and blemish free and the gables flawlessly peaked above the surrounding trees.
I jingled the keys in my hand as I clattered up the wooden steps to the front door.  A light breeze whirled across the porch sending dry leaves skittering in front of me.  Turning the tarnished brass handle and pushing lightly, I stepped inside.  The musty odor of disuse assaulted me immediately.
"Well, Richard Anthony Millay, here we are.  Here you are," I said.  "What do you think, Ronnie?  Are you happy?  It's what you wanted."  I moved into the room, the naked floorboards creaking and groaning in protest.  "You do know, of course, my dear, that it's going to take a professional cleaning crew just to get all the dust outta here, don't you?"  I looked around, then smiled to myself.  "I'd be willing to bet that you don't even care."
I slowly made my way around the house, taking mental notes about what I thought needed to be done first, just to make it livable.  I considered moving into one of those short term rental places, like the Ambassador Suites or something similar, while the place was being worked on, but I decided that that would probably make Ronnie very unhappy.  So I made the best of what was.
It took three months of solid work and I can't begin to tell you how many contractors, but the place was finally shaping up.  The lawn was green and living at an acceptable height.  The weeds were pulled or sprayed; all the windows and shingles had been replaced and the floors refinished.  Nine of the eleven rooms were totally complete.  The other two, one on the third floor and a small sitting room off the kitchen still needed some plaster and paint.
One of the first things I did was to get my office in shape.  I was a copywriter, which meant being able to work comfortably from home.  I chose a large room on the second floor which overlooked the back of the house.  There was a weeping willow that stood some thirty yards from the house that was visible through my office window.  I had always liked the look of those trees, which is why I chose that room.
A small stream meandered across the property.  It wound its way past the small cemetery plot that held the ground to the left of the house.  The original owners were living there.  In a sense, I guess they never really gave up the property. There were four marked graves inside a broken and rusting wrought iron fence.  I wasn't sure whether I was going to have it repaired or not.  It was something I'd have to think about.  The little graveyard, itself, was not a concern.  Actually, it was another one of those quirky things that Ronnie had found so charming about the place.
When I'd...we'd... first shown interest in the house, the realtor asked if it was going to be a problem.  She told us that we could have the bodies moved over to Summit Lawn if we wanted to; there was no existing family to object.  Ronnie said she thought it added to the property and that it would be fine right where it was.  She was a big believer in ghosts and things of that nature and she liked the "spookiness", as she called it, that it imparted on the house.  So we let it stay; I let it stay.
The house was really too big for one person – too big for me.  It took me several months to adjust to its creaking and settling, especially at night.  There were many times in the beginning, when I'd thought I'd heard footsteps coming and going up and down the hall and stairs.  But each time proved to be just the house doing its own kind of breathing.  A few times I'd been certain that I'd heard a door slam downstairs or a window open and then close.  I kept telling myself that it was Ronnie who was the ghost believer, not me.  But that would change.


2
It was a warm July night, not too many days from the start of August.  I don't remember the date exactly, but I do remember that evening – that night.  I had been in my office working on a particularly difficult White Paper for a company in Philadelphia.  I must have rewritten it eight times.  There was a little round brass clock that sat on my desk that chimed on each hour.  Cha-ling, cha-ling, cha-ling, cha-ling.  Seven o'clock.  Time to give it a rest.  I walked over to the window and stood there admiring my willow, hands in my pockets.  I'm not sure how long I stood there looking at it.  Probably five minutes or so, when I noticed a reflection in the glass.  I remember that it startled me so much I actually let out a little gaspy whimper.  When I turned around, there was nothing behind me.  But when I turned back again to look at the window, there it was.
A tall, dark haired woman appeared to be standing behind me, looking directly at me.  She was standing perfectly still and seemed to be looking past me – through me, out the window.  I turned to look again, but I was still the only one in the room.  A shiver ran up my spine and I could feel the hairs on the back of my neck actually rising.
Not being the ghost aficionado, I wasn't quite sure what to do.  Actually, I was pretty much convinced that I'd just been working too hard and that I probably needed a drink and a good night's sleep.  Thinking it pretty silly, but doing it anyway, I raised my hand and waved.  The reflection didn't move.  I thought about saying something to it but dismissed that idea.  No need to punctuate crazy.  So I just stood there looking at it through the glass until it faded.
"Ok, Richard," I said.  "Just because it's your name doesn't mean you have to be one.  There are no such things as ghosts and you know it.  You're a copywriter, not a horror writer."  I kept staring into the glass as I said this, as if the image might reappear just to prove me wrong.  It didn't.
I was almost to the door when I heard the voice.  It was a soft whispery sound and it was edged with sadness and despair.
"Richard.  Richard, you've come," was all it said.  At least, that's what I heard.  I turned around.  The room was empty and there were no reflections, save my own, in any of the windows.  I walked back over to the window.  The sun was beginning to dip behind the trees, turning the sky that pinkish-purple color.  An intermittent breeze was blowing and the long hanging branches of the willow would sweep to one side and then fall back again.  It reminded me of how Ronnie's hair looked whenever we had the top of the jeep down.
I waited, ten; fifteen; twenty minutes.  There was no repeat voice or any visions or reflections.  Finally convincing myself that I hadn't seen or heard anything, I went downstairs.
The rest of that night was uneventful.  I watched some TV, read a little and then went to bed.  There were no strange dreams; no disembodied voices; no unexplained sounds.  In fact, I can't remember ever having had a better night's sleep.
Feeling pretty good, I made myself a full breakfast (something I rarely ever did).  Toast, coffee, two eggs over easy, some Potatoes O'Brian and bacon.  I figured it was going to be a good day…if I could just get a handle on that White Paper.  It was due in two days, so I didn't have a lot of time.  I stacked all the breakfast ware in the sink and headed up to my office.
Halfway up the steps I felt something bump into me.  It was a substantial feeling that pushed me back a step, forcing me to grab the handrail.  I could feel my heart beating in my chest.  I watched in amazement and fear as a line of frost formed on the banister at the top of the steps and swept down the handrail.  At the bottom it condensed into itself and disappeared.  I stood there numb for quite some time, trying to regain what little sanity I thought I had left.
Forcing myself to enter into things I'd rather not and abandon my disbelief in the spirit world, I said (a bit timidly), "Ok, who's there?  What do you want?"
There was no answer.  Of course, I really didn't expect one.  Then I heard the tapping.  It was distant and coming from upstairs, barely audible.  It sounded like plastic being knocked together and I recognized it immediately.  It was a sound I heard every day.  The sound of my computer keyboard being used.
I raced up the steps, sure I'd find someone in my office, someone who'd gone to a lot of trouble to try and scare me.  I stood in the hallway, a few feet from my office door, listening.  It was definitely my keyboard.  On tip-toe, I crept toward the open door, my back against the wall.  When I reached the jam, I leapt into the doorway.  The tapping stopped.  The room was empty.
Hesitantly, I walked over to my desk.  The monitor was showing my rotating screen saver, personal pictures and cartoons that I'd uploaded or downloaded.  I placed my finger on the mouse, not really sure if I wanted to move it – if I wanted to bring my screen to life.  I gave in and pushed it forward.  What came up on the screen made me back up so suddenly that I lost my balance and nearly went crashing out the second story window.
On the screen in front of me, printed in Times Roman were the words: GET THE HELL OUT OF MY HOUSE. NOW!, written over and over again, all the way down the page.  All the same, except for the last line, and I think, more than anything, it was the last line that frightened me the most.  It read: GET THE HELL OUT OF M   This scared me most because it was evidence that whoever, or whatever, had been using my computer had been interrupted in mid-sentence by my appearance in the doorway.  This I couldn't deny, and now I was stuck believing.  And that scared the hell out of me.
I really had no idea what to do.  I wanted to sit down but was afraid to even use my own chair.  What I wanted most was a rational explanation for all of it.  I couldn't find one.  Hell, I couldn't even invent one.  I was staggered, my sense of reality riddled with holes I couldn't patch up.
I thought that, under the circumstances, a nice walk outdoors might do me some good.  I left my office behind and stepped out onto the front porch.  It was already getting warm and it was only 9:05 A. M.  I moved down the steps and swung to my right, headed for the back yard.  My head cleared a little and my heart had stopped playing the congas in my chest.  The sound of the birds singing and the crickets chirping helped restore me.
As I rounded the far side of the house, I noticed that someone or something had trampled the marigolds I had planted there.  Probably a deer or rabbit, I thought.  A little further on I began to become concerned.  The lilac bush I'd planted in Ronnie's memory (her favorite) was broken completely in two.  No rabbit that I ever saw or would want to see could do that.
Again, that sickening feeling of fear, of the unknown, began to seize me.  I stood there like a statue just staring at the broken bush.  Then I caught something out of the corner of my eye.  There was something underneath the bush, lying up against the foundation.  I leaned over and lifted a few of the broken lilac branches.  Whatever it was, and I couldn't tell from where I was standing, it was kind of orange in color and fairly large.
I got down on my hands and knees and crawled in under the bush.  It was a dead cat.  Leaning as far in as I could get, the branches pushing back against my face, I felt around until I could get a hold of it.  When I finally extricated it from under the bushes, I could clearly see that its neck had been broken.  Its head swiveled around like it was on ball bearings.
"Christ," I muttered, feeling kind of bad for the poor animal.  "What happened to you?"
As soon as I finished the sentence, the thing opened its eyes and gave out a loud hiss.  Its claws swiped frantically at me, ripping open my arms.  I dropped it and stepped back, but it continued its attack.  It leapt for my face, but I was able to swat it away.  It crouched on the ground in front of me hissing and yowling.  I took a few more steps backward.  It crawled forward, its head rolling from side to side.  Searching for anything I could use as a weapon, while keeping a wary eye on the cat, I continued to back peddle, one step at a time.
The contractors had been thorough.  There wasn't even a twig lying around that I could use.  I thought about rushing it, hoping it might just run off, but that seemed more foolish than wise.  For a few minutes we just stared at each other.  Then, it stood on its hind legs, something I didn't even think was possible for a cat.
"Get the hell out of here!" it yelled, then fell over dead...again.
Warily, I inched toward it.  No movement.  Standing directly over it, I gave it a good kick.  It rolled across the yard like a limp doll.  I had to be sure, so I gave it another good kick, this time, lifting into the air.  It thudded to the ground, limp and motionless.
"So much for you," I said, not even realizing that I was now talking to the dead.  "A shovel and a trash pail...and you're outta here."  The "outta here" part I said as if I were announcing a home run at a ball game.
When I returned with plastic bag and shovel in hand, the cat was gone.  I should have been surprised.  I should have been awed.  I was neither.  At this point, the weird was becoming normal.  But that didn't mean I was feeling good about any of it.
"So much for my walk, too."
I went back into the house and up to my office.  Ghosts or no ghosts, I had work to do.  The office was empty and I was able to work undisturbed for the rest of the day, except for the occasional draw I felt to stop and just admire the willow out of my window.  There was something very captivating about it.
Sitting there, staring out the window, I wandered back in time.  I could feel the tears welling up as I thought of how Ronnie and I used to walk for hours through the woods.  We'd take an entire Saturday and just spend it walking along. We talked about everything.  The past, the future, even the present, and how we were going to meet the next electric bill.
I remembered the time we pulled in off the path and made love on the leaves during a sudden shower.  I could still feel the texture of her wet skin beneath my fingers.  Before I could stop it, the tears turned into a full crying jag, my whole body wracked with grief and never again to be fulfilled longing.
At first, I hardly noticed the feeling.  But as my sobbing eased to crying, I could distinctly feel a hand stroking the back of my head.  I sat bolt upright and swiveled around.  There was no one there.  I was about to get up when I had an idea.  Slowly, I swiveled my chair around so that I faced the window.  As I raised the blinds, hoping the willow would cast enough shadow to cause a reflection in the window, I could see her.  She appeared thinner, more drawn out than previously, but that was probably due to the brightness of the afternoon.
Standing about two feet behind me, the woman I'd seen the other night was holding a finger to her lips, a silent gesture for me to be quiet.  I ignored it and opened my mouth to speak and could see my breath when I did.
"Who are you?" I asked
The woman lowered her hand to her side.  Her mouth was moving, but I couldn't hear anything.  She moved forward, seeming more to glide than to walk, and pointed.  I thought she was pointing at me and didn't understand what she meant.
"What?  What do you want?"
This time, she mouthed the words she was speaking very slowly and I understood.  She wanted me to open the window.  I rolled my chair forward, afraid that if I stood, she'd disappear.  Grabbing the sash hooks with both hands I lifted the window.
"I knew you'd come, Richard," she said.  I could hear her.  Her voice was carried on the breeze outside.  It was as if the wind were her lungs.  "I knew you would never abandon me."  Her long white gown rustled with the breeze and I noticed that its movements matched those of the willow's branches.  When they swayed so did her dress.  And when the breeze died out so did her voice.
"How do you know me?" I asked.
She waited.  The air was still outside.  With the next wisp of wind came the reply.
"How could I not know you, my love."
Losing myself in this, I absent mindedly turned to face her.  She wasn't there.  Or, rather, I couldn't see her.  It seemed that she was only visible as a reflection.  But when I turned back, the room behind me was empty.  From that moment on, the window in my office was never to be closed.


3
The next day I had occasion to go into town on a few errands.  At the hardware store I bumped into Jacob Waters, the plumber who had cajoled all my pipes into cooperating.  I recognized him immediately by his overalls, which he kept up by a single shoulder strap.
"Jacob!" I said.  "How's it going?"
"Not bad.  Not bad.  The question is…how's it going with you?"  His face had a strained look on it and his eyes were full of questions.
"I'm doing ok.  Gotta thank you again; great job on the old pipes.  Plenty of hot water."
"E-yeh.  They needed some coaxin all right, but I got em right.  How you likin it up there in that big ol' place by yerself?"  The question was dry, almost rhetorical.
"I'm getting along."  I wondered whether or not I should tell him about what had been happening.  I didn't know why, but I somehow felt I could trust him.  Still, I wasn't anxious for word to get around that I was a full blown lunatic.  I finally settled on keeping things to myself for the present.
"Well, don't 'spect they will, but if them pipes give ya any more trouble, just give me a holler."  He nodded and then stepped past me.  Jacob was not much for shaking hands.
"I'll be sure to do that," I said, hoping to sound amiable, but sounding instead like an over eager teenager trying to talk his dad into letting him use the car.
After I'd gotten what I needed at the hardware store, a lock bar for sliding windows and some animal repellant for the garden, I skipped over to the grocery store and picked up a few things.  At the last minute I went back and bought a few rolls of aluminum foil, although, at the time, I had no idea why.
On my way out of the store I ran into Jacob again.  He was sitting in his old grey F250, two spaces down from my jeep.  We didn't speak.  I nodded as I carried my bags past him and he nodded back.  I had the strangest feeling that he was keeping an eye on me.  I tried to dismiss it as being overly sensitive because of what had been happening at the house, but couldn't.
I climbed into my jeep and pulled out of my space.  Purposely, I turned right so that I wouldn't have to drive past him.  But in my rearview mirror I saw him watch me pull out into the street.  It gave me the same feeling I'd had when I'd found the undead-dead cat under the bush.
Back at home, I put the groceries away and went upstairs to the office, aluminum foil and stay bar in hand.  The window was closed.  I stood there looking around.  Nothing else seemed to be disturbed.  Tucking the boxes of foil underneath my arm, I walked over and pulled the window up.  As soon as I let go of it, it slammed shut again, hard enough to crack the glass.
The room's temperature plummeted.  Crystals of ice began to form on the edges of the windowpanes.  Without any kind of warning, I felt myself being shoved to the floor.  I could actually feel the unseen icy fingers around the back of my neck as I was pushed downward.
When I hit my knees, I whirled around, sweeping my arm out in a wide circle.  It contacted something solid, something that felt like legs.  Strong legs.  I could feel them give a little but remain in place.  The next blow I got came to the back of my head and I could literally see swimming points of light dance across the backs of my eyes.  I lurched forward and hit my forehead on the oak floor. Everything went grey, then black.
I finally came to, rolling over on my back and slowly opening my eyes.  I couldn't see a thing.  The room was totally black.  With a great deal of effort and a strong throbbing in my head, I managed to push myself up onto my elbow, then onto my knees and finally up onto my feet.  I staggered over and sat in my desk chair and turned on the lamp.  The little brass clock told me it was ten minutes to ten.  I'd been out cold for over seven hours.
As my vision slowly cleared, I looked about me, wondering what had been done while I was out.  The room was the same, except for the windows.  There were only two in the room and both of them had been nailed shut.  It was beginning to become clear to me what was happening.  Or, at least, part of what was happening.  What ever had attacked me didn't want me speaking with the woman.  Without the window being open...no breeze...no wind...no voice.
At the time, I didn't stop to wonder how something incorporeal could have nailed a window shut.  All that was on my mind was getting it open again.  Permanently!  The aluminum foil and stay rods were lying on the floor where they'd fallen when I was attacked.  I retrieved them and set them on the windowsill while I went in search of a hammer to remove the nails.
I had made it to the door, when the strangest notion took hold.  Not understanding why, I turned around and walked back over to the window.  I stood there for a few moments, doubting what was running through my head but unable to resist the temptation of what it was suggesting.  I reached out and grabbed one of the nails by its bent head and pulled.  It slid out of the wood as easily as if I were pulling a spoon out of a peanut butter jar.  The same thing with the other one.
I held them up, examining them, thinking that there must be something wrong with them.  But they looked just like ordinary rusted nails.  Somehow I knew I could do that, but had no idea how I knew.  And I stood there, still amazed that I actually had.
"Ok, Richard.  You can figure this all out later.  Let's get these windows open and keep em open."  I pushed the sashes up and jammed the stay rods in place.  Then, without even thinking about it, I pushed the nails back into the widow grooves and bent the heads around the stays.  These windows were not coming down again.  I then affixed a few layers of aluminum foil over the panes on the outside.  Permanent reflection.
Satisfied with my work, I went back and sat at my desk.  I rubbed my hand through the back of my hair, expecting to find a sizeable lump from the pounding I took.  Nothing!
"Another curious piece to this puzzle, my boy," I said, trying to force out a laugh, but succeeding only in a choked off cough.


4
The next few weeks were uneventful.  July quietly dissipated into August, and August into September.  Most of the things that I'd wanted done around the house were finished.  What remained now was to figure out what I wanted to do with the back yard.  I considered moving the tree line back a few yards.  I wasn't much for cutting down trees, and the willow certainly wouldn't be touched, but I kept getting a nagging feeling that I should clear a little more space around the back of the house.
So, on a bright and sunny morning, I took a legal pad, pen, and a large ball of string and walked around to the back of the house.  The yard was starting to be spotted with the earliest of the falling leaves.  Oaks and Maples were slowly divesting themselves of their summer outfits and preparing for the winter to come.
Once out back, the first thing I did was to stop and admire the willow.  I gently ran my fingers up and down its slender, tendril-like branches, letting its thin leaves slide across the tips.  There was something very special about this tree, something that made me feel calm and safe inside.  It felt very much like its sole purpose was to stand guard over me, a trusted friend.  Yet, at the same time, there was an underlying sense that it also held a terrible secret.  A secret it kept hidden within its long flowing branches and deep roots.
"Ok," I said, turning away from the willow and toward the woods behind it, "let's see who goes and who stays."
Looking left and right, I made a quick sketch of the house on the legal pad and the approximate distance to the beginning of the tree line.  I wasn't much of an artist, so I just made a series of wavy lines to represent the rows of trees and a square for the house.  Shifting my gaze from the pad to the trees, I finally decided where I wanted to begin the cutting.  I moved into the woods about ten yards and started with a Poplar that stood about thirty feet tall to the right of the house.  I wrapped a length of string around it and slowly made my way left, playing out the string against the reprieved trees as I went.  Everything on the house side of the string would go.
When I reached the left end, and the place I wanted to stop the cutting, I tied off the string and let what was left on the ball drop to the ground at the tree's base.  When I looked back at the house to see if I was on target, I saw the little cemetery, its wrought iron fence still rusted and falling.  It occurred to me that I'd never even gone to look at it the whole time I'd been here.
I walked over to it, running my fingertips across the chipped metal.  The gate was hanging on one hinge, like a drunk on a lamppost.  The bottom of the latch post had worked its way into the ground, so that when I pulled on the gate it only bent forward and then swung back.  I had to pry it up to get it open.
Inside, there were four headstones, two large and two smaller ones.  They were sandstone and the names were so weathered that I couldn't really make them out completely.  I ran my fingers across the names in a vain attempt to read them like Braille.  Some of the letters were easy to figure out; some were just too worn away. But I could guess at the ones that were gone.  The family name appeared to be Fleishman.  The curious thing to me was that the smaller stones seemed to have never been engraved with first names.  Only the last name was on those stones.
I knelt down in front of the first stone, presumably the father's and tried to get a rubbing.  Using a sheet of paper from my legal pad I did my best to bring up a first name, but my pen was inadequate to the job.  All I ended up getting was a shredded piece of yellow paper.
"Oh well, guess you'll have to wait for another time."  I left the yard and closed the gate behind me as best I could.  When it clanked shut, a sudden wind blew up.  It was a very strong wind, strong enough to push me forward before I caught my balance.  When I looked down, I noticed that, had I fallen forward completely, I would have impaled myself on one of the gates spikes.  Not a pleasant thought.
Recovering myself, I took a few steps back, the wind still pushing at me, my eyes still on the spike.  When I looked up, the bramble bushes beyond the cemetery were being pushed from side to side, allowing a succession of quick glances beyond them.  Hidden behind them, there seemed to be some kind of stone building, totally obscured when the bushes stood tightly side by side.
I made my way around the back of the cemetery's fence, but not without a good deal of effort.  It seemed that, with each step I took, the wind blew harder.  And above, the clouds had seemed to roll in from nowhere.  I figured we were in for one of those freak, pre-autumn, thunder storms, and standing out under trees and near an iron fence probably wasn't the best of ideas.  So I beat a hasty retreat back into the house.  The building behind the bushes, whatever it was, would have to wait for another time.


5
I went upstairs and fumbled around with my copywriting for a while, not really concentrating on it.  The whole time, I kept an eye out the window, hoping the storm would blow over quickly.  I was really curious about what that building might be, and why it was never mentioned by the realtor when I'd bought the house.
With the dark of the approaching storm, the window panes, those not already covered with aluminum, were in perfect light to reflect my office, but no lady today.  I was beginning to wonder if I'd hallucinated the whole thing.  But the nails in the window frames eradicated those thoughts from my mind.
A finger of lightning arced across the sky, followed by a rolling rumble of heavy thunder.  I moved closer to the window, my hands in my pockets, to watch nature's aerial display of anger.  I always enjoyed lightning storms – enjoyed them, but respected their power.  I don't know how long I stood there or how many times my little brass clock chalinged away the hours.
The driving rain, the lightning and the way the wind was whipping the willow branches around held me captive.  I couldn't seem to draw myself away from the window.  When I finally managed to, it was half past eight.
I turned and reached over to push the little black button on the bottom of my desk lamp when I felt it.  Another hand on mine.  I froze in place, my fingertips on the lamp switch.  I could feel the cool fingertips gently rubbing the back of my hand.  The touch was feather-light and comforting.  Immediately, I looked into the window but saw nothing.  I wanted to shift my angle so that I could see more of the room, but was unwilling to pull my hand away from the lamp for fear of losing the touch.  I stood there, bent over, hand on the switch, not moving.
"Is it you?" I finally asked.  "Have you come back?  You've been gone a long time."
"It's I, Richard.  I am here.  Have you really missed me?"
"Yes.  Why have you been gone?"
"It was not my doing.  I wanted to come to you.  I needed to come to you."  Her voice was strong, perhaps because of the strength the storm was imparting to the wind, but it was also melancholy.  There was a profound sorrow, almost an anguish, to it.
"What kept you from coming...and what is your name?"  I already felt I knew the answer to the first part of the question.  Whatever had attacked me had kept her from coming back.
"I cannot give you names, Richard.  You must come to that by yourself.  And you know what kept me from coming, don't you?"
"Yes.  It was him, wasn't it?"  I didn't know who "him" was, but I had no doubts that that's who it was, and the it was definitely a male.  I only needed to think about how my head felt when it hit the floor to know that.
"It was.  And he will try to keep me from you again.  You must remember, Richard.  You must remember everything...and soon.  Your time grows short."
"What does that mean?  Remember what?"  There was something about the way she said that that stirred a feeling deep inside me.  I had no idea what it was I was supposed to be remembering, but I knew, just from the way she'd said it, that there was something to remember.
I stood up, taking my hand away from the lamp.  When I looked in the window I could see her.  Her white lace gown flowing around her, much like the branches of the willow flowed around it in the storm.  There was a beautiful innocence to her face, her long black hair, hanging below her shoulders accented its softness.
"He will come again, Richard.  And he is strong.  You must be stronger.  You must remember.  You must find all of your strength."
"I don't know what you're talking about," I said, almost pleading.  "What strength?  What must I remember?"  I wanted desperately to turn around and look at her, to touch her, but I knew I couldn't.  I had to content myself with the image in the glass.
"I must go now.  I can linger no longer tonight.  Please, Richard, before it's too late – remember."
Like a movie fading to black, she vanished.  Once again, the only thing visible in the window was the storm that raged outside.
"I need more answers," I shouted. But it was useless.  There were no more answers forthcoming.


6
The next day I woke up about four-thirty in the afternoon.  I must have been more tired than I'd realized.  That groggy, can't quite get it together feeling held on tight.  I didn't start feeling myself until a little after seven.  By then, the day was shot and I was at a loss as to what to do with myself.  I could try to get some writing done, but the idea of putting together another useless ad just left a bad taste in my mouth.  Then I remembered the building out back.  Time to go check that out.
Although the days were getting shorter, there was still plenty of time and light left to go poking around, but I grabbed a flashlight anyway.  I might just want to take a look inside the thing, and I was sure there were no lights.
It must have been an overcast day.  Clouds still hung heavily in the sky, white above with streaks of gray and black moving faster beneath.  The grass was soggy and puddles had formed here and there where the drainage was worst.  Some of these I managed to avoid, others I squished through.
At the back of the house I turned to look at my willow.  I had to pinch my eyes shut and then look a second time.  What I saw just couldn't be.  I walked over to it and held out my hand, palm up.  There was a red liquid dripping off the ends of the leaves.  It was as if it had rained blood last night.  I looked around, even up in the tree.  I'm not sure what I was expecting to find, maybe another dead cat that had been ripped apart by the storm.  There was nothing that explained what I was seeing.
I held my hand up to my nose.  I could smell the metallic of the copper in the blood.  The heme group.  In fact, now that it crossed my mind, I'd been able to smell it since I stepped out of my door.  I had just been too intent on getting to the mysterious building to realize it.
Bending over, I wiped my palm off on the grass, then stood up, still puzzled and a bit amazed at what I was looking at.  I've heard that some people believe that trees and things have souls, but I've never heard they could bleed.  This was one for the books and I had no idea what it meant.
Giving it one more look, I headed over to the bushes behind the cemetery plot.  They were thick and prickly.  Getting through them wasn't going to be easy.  I thought about doing an end run, but I could see that they were pretty full all the way around.  Nothing for it but to push through.  Steeling myself for their sharp resistance, I closed my eyes, held my hands in front of my face and pushed forward.
I actually got though easier than I had expected.  There were a few scratches on my forearms and hands, but overall, I weathered it pretty well.  I just hoped the same would hold for the trip back.  And I had been right about the bushes.  They wrapped completely around the building, the sole occupant to their center.
It was made of solid stone, from foundation to roof.  It looked like some kind of homemade mausoleum.  What struck me the most about it though was the fact that it was in such good shape.  There were places where it had been recently re-pointed.  The ivy that grew around the base was clipped, keeping it a bay.  At first I thought that the yard crew I'd contracted to take care of the lawn did it, but that didn't make any sense.  Nobody was going to jam themselves through those sticker bushes just to cut some ivy.  Yet, the fact remained, someone had.
I circled the building slowly, taking in its architecture.  At the base of it in the back was, what appeared to be, a kind of door.  It measured about three feet at its widest and only about two or two and a half tall.  I rapped on it with my knuckles.  Solid iron, which I'd guessed just from the brownish-red rust that covered it.  But it was more than just iron.  It was solid.  I'd expected to hear an echo reverberated through the inside chamber but there was none.  It was as if someone had just added an iron plate to an already solid stone wall.  Once again, I was at a loss as to why anyone would want to do that.
"Sure is flippin' odd." I said.  I rapped again, first with my fist and then with a stone.  Same results.  If the inside was hollow, as I was certain it was, someone had gone to an awful lot of trouble to keep people out.  I ran my hand over the stones.  I'd expected them to be cool, the way stone usually was, but these were cold.  And there was something else about them too.  I don't know why, but I got the distinct feeling that this building was in some way connected with my mysterious lady – and maybe my mysterious attacker too.
I knelt down and examined the iron door more closely.  There was no handle of any kind and it was cemented into the stone on all sides.  One thing was for sure, this plate was never intended to be removed.  I ran my fingers along the edges, checking to see if any of the cement had loosened, but that was a wasted effort.  If joints were maintained, as evidenced by the re-pointing, then I could expect that the plate was kept solid too.  And it was.
"Well, Richard, there's always a sledge hammer, you know."  I thought about that.  I got the mental image of myself out here beating on the stone with a sledge hammer to break my way in.  "Into what?  Probably end up looking as foolish as the Capone's Vault folly."  The thought didn't cheer me.  As with many things lately, I didn't know why, but I had to get into that...vault?...chamber?...whatever it was.
By the time I was done with the building and had wormed my way through the thickets (they seemed a lot harder to get out of than into) it was getting dark.  I looked at my watch, but in my haste to get to the building I'd forgotten to put it on.
Over the horizon, the top edge of the sun was still visible, an inverted bowl of orange and pink.  For this time of year, that meant that it had to be around eight o'clock or so.  I was almost to the front door when I realized that I'd left my flashlight back on the ground at the building.  There wasn't much point now to go and get it.  I could do that tomorrow.  I just hoped I didn't blow a fuse during the night, which I figured would be my luck.
Not that most of them in this house weren't anymore, but that night was a very strange night for me.  I found it hard to get to sleep.  I wasn't tired at all.  Of course, I had slept most of the day.  But I tried anyway.  I didn't want to fall into the rut of being up all night.  Yet, try as I might, I couldn't fall asleep.
I didn't know what to do with myself.  I was restless and bored.  For the longest time, I just wandered aimlessly through the house.  Up to my office, down to the kitchen, sit in the living room until I couldn't sit still anymore (which was usually about ten minutes), back up to my office, out on the porch – nothing seemed to satisfy me and I wasn't nearly ready to sleep.
By four-thirty I was starting to wind down.  I could feel a drowsiness begin to settle over me like dust in an attic.  When I finally laid down, I made sure to set the alarm for eight o'clock.  Tired or not, I had to get up and break this cycle before it really took hold.  I put my head back on the pillow and closed my eyes.


7
It was the heavy pounding that brought me awake.  I sat up and rubbed my face.  Bang-bang-bang, bang-bang-bang-bang!  It took me a moment or two to realize that there was someone pounding on my front door.  I looked at my alarm.  3:45 P.M.  I'd done it again.  I'd slept through the alarm, and if it hadn't been for my, as yet unknown, visitor, I don't know when I would have awakened.
I threw on a pair of jeans and a T-shirt and padded downstairs, still in bare feet.  When I opened the door, I was surprised to see Jacob Waters standing on my front porch.
"Jacob?  What brings you out here?"
"C'n I come in?"
"Uh...sure."  I stepped back, dragging the door open as I did.
"Won't take too much-a yer time.  Just a few things."
"Take all the time you need, Jacob.  What's up?"
He stood just inside the door, head down looking at the floor.  He reminded me of a school boy standing before the principal.
"It ain't easy fer me.  There's things I think I should be tellin ya...bout this place mostly.  But other things, too."
"What kind of things?" I asked.  He turned away, as if he couldn't look at me.
"Dunno.  Well, I do know.  Just dunno if I should be tellin ya. That's all.  Like I said, it ain't easy."  He fiddled with the strap on his overalls.
"Well, why don't you come into the kitchen and have a beer and we'll see if we can sort this out."
"NO!" he shouted.  "I mean...no thank ya.  I think maybe I made a mistake.  I'd better git goin."
"Hold on.  Hold on.  You can't do that.  You can't come here, tell me there're things you should tell me and then high-tail it out without an explanation.  What's going on? What's got you so spooked?"
"Spooked," he almost coughed the word out.  "That's it all right.  Spooked.  There's things here in this house...on these grounds that ain't natural; ain't meant t'be in this world.  I been comin here-"
Crash!  Something in one of the rooms behind us smashed to the floor.  It caught us both off guard and stopped Jacob in mid-sentence.  I turned and looked down the hall, wondering what...or who...it could have been.  When I turned back, Jacob was closing the door to his pick-up truck.  I thought about calling out, but watched him drive away instead.  After his truck disappeared down the driveway in a cloud of dust and cinders, I closed the door and headed down the hall to find out what had been broken.
In the reading room, a glass globe paperweight with a butterfly inside had been smashed.  Pieces of glass were spayed across the floorboards.  But the butterfly – the butterfly was sitting on the wall, opening and closing its wings.  Under normal circumstance, I would have been surprised.  Instead, I just walked over to in and picked it up.  It had a sticky feel to it, like it was coated in resin or plastic.
I carried it out to the front door and let it go.  It fluttered out then dropped to the ground, its wings folding back up into the position they'd held all these years inside the globe.  There was no need for me to check it.  I knew that it was dead – that it had always been dead, even when it flew out the door.
That was the final straw.  I had to find out what was going on here.  What was happening and why.  I knew, inside, that the answers were in that building out there.  And I knew something else; I knew that I already knew what was in there, I just couldn't remember.
It was at that point that I felt it.  A deep cold settling over the room, and I knew what that meant.  I was in for another confrontation.  But I was ready this time.  My mind was made up and nothing was going to stop me from getting to the bottom of all this.
"I know you're here, goddammit," I shouted.  "And you know I do.  Come on...what've you got for me tonight?"
There was a deep and booming laugh that filled the entire room.  I couldn't tell where it came from; it was coming from everywhere – all around me at once.
"That's it?" I cried.  "A laugh.  That's all you have for me tonight?"
As soon as the words were out of my mouth a cold hard hand slammed across my face.  The force turned my head but I remained in place.  I could feel the sting, like dry ice on my cheek.  I could also feel my anger building.  I couldn't ever remember being so angry before.  My eyes were burning; they felt like they were going to burst into flames at any moment.
"Where are you, you bastard?" I yelled, but it came out more like a snarling growl than yell.  "You can't intimidate me...and I'm not leaving.  So whatever you're going to do...get on with it and let's see what you've got."
I moved across the room, sweeping my hands out from side to side.  Nothing.  I moved back again.  Nothing.  But the cold hung on.  The booming laughter rang out again and then died slowly away, taking the cold with it.  I was alone again.
I was alone, but I was still angry.  Angrier than I'd ever been in my life.  I couldn't seem to get control of it.  I moved swiftly over to one of the floor-to-ceiling bookshelves and, with one hand, toppled it to the floor.  "Arrrrgh!"
When the case hit the wooden planks it split and sent books sliding across the room.  The crash of the case and swooshing sound of the books gliding over the wood brought me back to myself, and I could feel the temper easing.  I could also feel – or sense – something else.  I still wasn't alone. She was here.  I knew it.  And I knew something else, too.  It wasn't me that had frightened him off; it wasn't me that made him leave; it was she.
 I circled the room with my eyes, squinting, hoping against hope that I'd be able to see her.  There were no windows in this room.  I saw nothing, until my eyes fell on the small mirror that hung on the wall.  And there she was, two feet to my left.  She was looking at me the same way a mother might look at a frightened child.  There was deep compassion and tenderness in her eyes.
She reached out her hand, and in the mirror I could see where to place mine.  Our hands touched.  It was cold, but comforting.  She waved her other hand over her mouth, telling me what I already knew.  With no windows, she was unable to speak to me.  I wanted in the worst way to turn and face her, but without the mirror, I wouldn't be able to see her.
Suddenly, it dawned on me.  She couldn't speak, but I could.
"Meet me upstairs," I said.  I watched the mirror closely, waiting for her to nod agreement, but she just disappeared.  "Ok, see ya there."
I got as far as the doorway before being slammed backward.  I'd let my guard down and paid the price.  I tumbled across the floor, literally head over heels and landed hard against the far wall.  Before I could get up, my opponent, the unseen man, had me by the front of my shirt, lifting me off the floor.  Whatever it was, it was incredibly strong.
I brought my fists down hard on where its wrists should have been, and I was dropped.  I'd broken its hold, but I was still at a disadvantage.  I couldn't see it, but it sure as hell could see me.  Another strong blow landed on the side of my head sending me staggering sideways.  I could feel the rage building up; I could feel my eyes starting to burn again.
I spun around, and now the room looked different.  It was bathed in a bright red glow, as if I were looking through one of those infrared cameras.  And there it was, on the other side of the room.  I could see it – could see him.  He was hunched down, his knees bent as if he were getting ready to broad jump.  Suddenly, he pushed off and came flying across the room at me. I waited.  When he was no more than a few feet from me, I moved to my left and he went crashing into the wall.  I wasted no time.  Swiftly, I reached out and grabbed him by his throat and hoisted him up into the air above my head.  His arms were thrashing wildly at mine, trying to break my hold and his legs were kicking the air.  His mouth was open in what appeared to be a soundless scream, and there was surprise on his face.  I tightened my grip.
It seemed I had gained some kind of strength I never knew I had.  With one hand, I held him in the air, jiggling like a puppet.  His face was contorted in anger and, what I took to be, fear.  He desperately clawed at my hands and wrists, but it didn't help him, I held him firm.
For a moment, I had no idea what to do with him.  Then, I started toward the door, dragging him along with me.  The sound of his pounding and kicking on the walls as we struggled down the hallway echoed in my ears.  At the front door he made one last attempt at breaking free, raking his cold, sharp fingers down my face.  I didn't let go.  I held him tightly by the throat as I opened the door, then tossed him out as easily as if I'd been throwing a beer can across the lawn.  I watched his reddish shape sail helplessly through the air and slam into an old oak that stood thirty yards from the porch.  When he hit the tree, he disappeared in a spray of mist.  It was as if he had been a giant water balloon.  He was gone – for now – but I knew it wasn't the end of it.
I turned and dashed up the steps; I was somehow able to take four and five at a time.  When I got to the room, I knew she was gone.  I had no sense of her.
"Shit!" was all I could think to say.
I sat in my desk chair, swiveling from side to side as I attempted to make some sense out of what just happened.  Not the encounter, that didn't need understanding.  What I couldn't get my mind around was me.  Where did I get that strength?  How was I able to see him?  I had no answers.  Adrenaline might be responsible for my burst of strength, but I didn't think so.  And adrenaline wouldn't explain the vision.  I was more confused than ever, but at the same time, that unexplainable sense that I knew more than I thought sat deeply inside me.
And then there was Jacob.  What the hell was that all about?  Without realizing it, I sat in my chair lost in thought for the rest of the night.  At around five-ten in the morning, I felt I was ready to try to get some sleep, but I wasn't comforted by that.  I was falling into the exact pattern I wanted to avoid.
Realizing I needed some rest, but not wanting to sleep all day, I compromised.  I set my alarm for noon.  Hopefully, that would help get me back on track with the appropriate sleeping hours.


8
I'd never suffered from nightmares before, but I did that night – or day – or whatever.  They came in waves, each worse than the last.  The first began with me taking a shower.  I'd just started washing when I noticed the tub was filling with blood.  The metallic smell filled my nostrils.  I tried to pull the shower curtain open to get out, but I couldn't.  The tub kept filling with blood, inching up my legs, until it started to overflow the sides.
In the second dream, I was lost in the woods – deep in the woods.  I was surrounded by trees that pressed in on me.  I could feel the heaviness of their bark squeezing against my chest.  I couldn't turn, I couldn't move.  The branches slashed at me, ripping open my flesh and when I tried to fight back, they entwined themselves around my wrists.  I was being crushed to death by trees.
I floated from that dream into the last, into the most terrifying one of all.  My eyes were closed and no matter how hard I tried I couldn't pry them open.  A steady thumping sound reverberated in my ears and I couldn't get my hands up to shut it out.  I was locked in a small, confined space.  When I realized what was happening to me, I did my best to scream, but nothing came out.  I was being buried alive.  Locked inside a coffin.  The thudding sound that kept getting louder and louder was the sound of dirt being shoveled onto the casket as the hole was being back-filled.
I awoke, sitting straight up in bed, clutching my chest and gasping for air.  It was cold, too cold for a September morning – or evening, as it turned out to be.  It was seven o'clock at night when I came out of my dreams.  I swung my legs over the side of the bed and just sat there for a few minutes regaining my composure.  I thought about taking a shower, but after the first dream, I thought I'd skip it.
When I was finally able to stand, I walked over to the window and looked out.  My bedroom was also in the back of the house, and I could see the willow over to my left.  The fact that there was no breeze tonight was evidenced by the willow's branches hanging down, absolutely still.  I let the curtain I was holding aside drop back down and turned to go downstairs.  I half expected another fight when I turned, but nothing happened.  I crossed the room to the door, then stopped.  As I passed the mirror, I noticed something odd.  I went back over to it.  What I was looking at shouldn't be.
I reached up and ran my fingers across my cheeks.  They were absolutely smooth.  But they shouldn't have been.  There were several scratches in them when I'd gone to bed.  Leftovers from last night's brawl.  But they were gone.  Completely healed, as if they'd never been there.
There was something else odd too.  Perhaps it was because I hadn't been eating or sleeping right, but my skin seemed more pallid than I'd ever seen it.  I was coming apart, and I thought, You'd better do something, Richard, my boy, before you really are dead and buried.  You look terrible!"
I don't know why, but when I got downstairs I had the oddest feeling that I should check the front porch.  When I opened the door, I found an envelope thumb-tacked to it.  I pried it off, closed the door and went into the kitchen to make some coffee.  As it brewed, I opened the envelope and read the note.  It was from Jacob.

Mr. Millay,

Things are turning faster than I had hoped, and you are coming along slower than I'd hoped.  There's a rhyme and reason for everything in this world...even the things that don't seem to fit it right.  You need to bring yourself back to reality and stop fooling yourself.  Your wife, Ronnie, understood.  I've spent many years looking after you as best I could and I'm wearing out.  There's only so much I can do for you.  You have to come into your own soon or it'll be too late.  You need to remember yourself.  You need to pull yourself together.  You need to take control and bring order to your house or all...ALL will be lost.

Jacob Waters

I put the letter back into the envelope and poured myself a cup of coffee.  I took one sip and spat it out.  It tasted rancid and burned, like a mouthful of moldy potatoes that had been soaked in acid.  I could feel my lips start to blister. My stomach started to knot up and I thought I was going to vomit.  The cup fell from my hands as I grabbed my stomach.  A sharp pain shot through me.
"Christ!  I've been poisoned," I said.  "The dammed thing's poisoned me."  But inside I knew I hadn't been poisoned.  Inside, things were beginning to clear, like mud settling back down to the bottom of a pond after it's been disturbed.  Maybe it was the letter from Jacob, but I had the feeling that it was everything that had been happening put together.  I was starting to see things differently.
I went up to my office, crossed to the window and looked down at the Weeping Willow.  I closed my eyes, holding its image in my head.  In my mind, it was younger, much younger, more than a sapling, but far from the mature tree it was today.
I held that image, concentrating, forcing myself to recall what it was that was so special about that tree.  And I knew there was something special about it, the same way I knew that it – and this house – was familiar to me.  That it was somehow part of my past, and all connected.
I remained statue-still, concentrating, trying to pull all the threads together.  I guess you could call it daydreaming, for I disappeared into a kaleidoscope of different times and scenes.  All of them separate and distinct, yet all of them blended together like some macabre collage.
It was dark and fogy, I was standing on a street corner.  Hansoms were clacking along the darkened, cobblestone streets, and the moon had a halo-glow.  I stood there in the shadows of an alleyway, watching the carriages and pedestrians pass.  The gas street lamps gave off an eerie glow in the fog, splashing their yellow rays down onto the cobblestones and sidewalks.
A man in a top hat and evening clothes passed by me, dodging the carriages as he crossed the street.  A woman in a long gown and evening gloves turned down the alley where I was standing, saw me and then went off in the other direction.  Across the street, a woman, dirty and disheveled, was selling flowers from a cart.  I stood there, watching them all.
As I observed all these people, I had the feeling that I wanted something from them, something important, both to me and them, but I couldn't place what it was.  At the same time, I felt that I just wanted to be away from all of them.  I was confused and ambivalent, locked in a state of indecision.
Then the scene changed.  I was now in the deep woods, and there was someone there with me.  A dark figure.  We were arguing, although I couldn't make out about what.  It was like a slow motion movie and the voices were unintelligible.  We argued, then fought.  I could see myself choking him.  He was kicking and scratching.  I saw myself lift him up and slam him against a tree.  He screamed.  I couldn't hear it, but I could see his mouth open in a terrible, agonized gape.
The scene changed again.  I think I was out back of the house I now occupy, and I appeared to be no older than fifteen or sixteen.  There was a small willow tree and the stream that runs beside it.  Again, I was fighting with someone.  But this fight felt much more desperate, as if there were more to lose if I lost the fight.  We struggled; at first, neither of us gaining any advantage.  Then, suddenly, I saw myself leap up into the air and come down on him hard.  There was something in my hand and as I came down on him I pushed it deep into his chest.  He let out a chilling cry, this one loud and audible.  I was dragging him, screaming and clawing at me, over underneath the willow when the scene changed again.
Now I was younger, maybe eight or ten years old.  I was standing beside a woman who I knew was my mother.  She was telling me something – something very important, but I couldn't understand her.  Her mouth was moving, but it was as if she were speaking a foreign language.
I tried to concentrate harder, to bring her voice into focus, if you will.  With a great effort, I heard the last part of what she was saying before the scene dissolved.  She was bending over me.
"...life will be different.  You're very special and you must always...always remember that.  Your father and I..."
The scene changed again, despite my efforts to make it stay.
"NO, no, no!" I cried.  The sound of my own vice assaulting my ears brought me out of my daydreams.  I stood there at the window, watching the moon rise, my hands in my pockets, and tried to make sense of it all.  Understanding was so close.  I knew it, I could feel it, but it wasn't close enough.  Not yet.
"Where are you?" I asked.  "Where are you?  I need to understand and you have the answers, don't you?"
I kept my gaze on the window pane, hoping she would appear behind me.  All night I stood there, waiting for a specter that never came.  By four o'clock I was exhausted and could no longer keep my vigil.  I retired to my room, falling asleep almost immediately.


9
Again, the dreams came.  I was floating above a lake, looking down at a couple sharing their intimacy in the back of an old Chevy convertible.  A sensation which I cannot describe came over me.  I don't know why, but I felt anger and desire well up in me, over take me like the rushing waters of a flood.  I wanted her.  No, I needed her. No, I needed something from her.  I drew closer, descending from above, my lust for her drawing me closer.
The young man looked up, gazing directly into my face, into my eyes.  I expected him to swing at me, to defend himself, but he just kept staring at me.  I settled over him, still hovering like some mutant hummingbird.  The girl was screaming and trying to re-button her blouse.  In a single swift motion, I yanked the boy from the car and snapped his neck.  He dropped to the ground, bouncing once off the side of the car and lay motionless.
My heart was empty.  I felt nothing.  Not rage, not pity, not compassion.  I didn't even feel lust anymore.  I turned on the girl and grabbed her by her shoulders, lifting her up and slamming her down onto the seat.  I tore her blouse open and descended upon her.
The alarm woke me before I could finish.  It was a little past noon.  I tried to sit up, but found that I was too weak.  I felt sick to my stomach, and the sun coming through the blinds was burning my eyes.  Forcing myself up, I fought my way to the windows and closed them.  I made it back to bed just before I passed out.
I awoke a little after eight that evening.  I felt spent, exhausted.  The dreams were taking their toll on me.  If I didn't get control of them soon, I'd end up in the hospital, I was sure.  I was debating whether or not to try another pot of coffee when there was a knock on the door.
Jacob Waters was standing there, one strap hanging loosely as always.  I had just gotten the door open wide enough to see him when he placed the palm of his hand on my chest and pushed me backwards.
"Ain't you got no better sense?" he asked, slamming the door closed behind him.  "Damn!  What's wrong with you?"
I opened my mouth to ask him what he was talking about, but he waved his hand.
"Just shut up and listen," he bellowed.  "First of all, I don't like even being in this house, especially now.  But dadblameit, you musta lost yer mind completely.  What were you thinking?"  He wouldn't look me directly in the eyes, but the anger he was feeling was coming off him like heat waves off a blacktopped road, and there was fear too.  I could sense it; I could smell it.
"Jacob," I said.  "I have no idea what you're talking about.  Why don't you calm down and start from the beginning."
"Start from the beginning?" he asked, puzzled.  "How damned much time do you think we have?  You best git yerself together, and I mean now."  He looked around nervously, like he expected someone to be hiding behind the drapes.  "I told ya t'other day, I'm running down...gettin older, whether you or me likes it or not.  How much do you want from me?  How much do you think I can do and still keep goin?  How much more do ya think I can clean up for ya?"
"I still don't-"  He cut me off.
"Yeah, yeah.  You still don't know what I'm talkin about.  We'll ya better start rememberin and fast.  Things are comin to a head, I can feel it.  And what you done...Christ!...what the hell were you thinkin?"
 I grabbed him by the shoulder, dragged him into the study and pushed him down in a chair.  The minute I'd touched him, I could see the fear swim across his face.
"Now you listen to me, Jacob Waters.  I don't know what you're talking about.  And as far as I know, I didn't do anything today except sleep.  I was starting to think that I was losing my mind, but I'm thinking now that you're the one on the edge."
He pushed himself up out of the chair and pointed a bony finger at me. "You listen to me," he said, emphatically.  "I don't know what happened to you.  I don't know how you lost your mind or your memories or whatever.  But I do know that if you don't git em back soon there's gonna be hell t'pay.  And that ain't no spression."  Again, he looked around and I could see his discomfort in his face.
"I gotta git outta here," he went on.  "You gotta figure things out."  He turned and went to the front door.  As he pulled it open and stepped outside, he shot me a quick look over his shoulder.  "Start out back.  Start where it all ended.  Start at the prison."  He hurried off the porch before I could say anything, got in his truck and took off.
I stood there watching his taillights fade into the darkness of the night.   As soon as the door latched, a booming laughter filtered through the house and I knew who it was.  More than that, I knew where he was.
When I got upstairs to my office, my enemy, the dark figure in my dreams, and the one I had thrown out the other night, was standing in the middle of the room.  It was a faceless shadow of a man.  Solid but not solid.
"Who the hell are you and what do you want?" I asked it.  "No more games!"
It just laughed, a thunderous bellow of a laugh.
"Enough!" I cried.
"You poor pathetic thing," it said, maliciously.  "I told your mother you'd be trouble.  I told her that you were nothing more than an experiment gone wrong."  It laughed again.  "Did you really think you could defeat me?  Did you really think that curs-ed tree could hold me forever?"
My memory was clearing as my rage took hold of me.  The floodgates burst open and everything flowed in.  
"I killed you," I yelled.  "I killed you for what you did to my mother."
He laughed again.  "You didn't kill anybody.  Even that you couldn't do right.  Did you really think you were stronger than me?  My experience spans millenniums.  I shall be free...soon.  And my retribution will be swift and merciless.  Just like it was for your mother."
"What did you do to my mother?  Where is she?"
"Did you think you could come back here after all these years and undo what's been done?"  He laughed again.  "My powers are growing again, and I shall soon be free."
"Never.  You will never be free.  I will finish what I began two hundred years ago.  I will finish you forever," I yelled.
This time there was no laughter.  The shadow-shape in front of me dissipated.  I knew everything now.  I remembered everything now.  I flew down the steps, out into the back yard and pushed through the bushes that led to the stone building in the back.  Inside, I knew I was too late.  I knew I was more years than I wanted to think about too late, but I had to try.
I grabbed hold of one of the corner stones, my nails digging into the cement joints as easily as if they were made of sand.  I ripped out one stone after another, tossing them into the woods.  Behind me, I could hear the rumbling begin.  It was like thunder and the whole ground shook.
Lifting myself into the air, I could see over the bushes.  The Weeping Willow was beginning to crack.  Its bark was flaking off in great chunks and the trunk was twisting itself into a spiral.  Large plugs of grass and dirt sprang upward into the air.  I did not have much time.
With a snarl of anger and determination, I grabbed a corner of the stone roof and pulled upward as hard as I could.  As I lifted the roof, the odor of death and decay came wafting out.  I swung it to the side.  The grating sound of stone sliding across stone echoed through the darkness, competing with the thunderous sound of what was happening behind me.
Inside the building I found her remains.  No more than a skeleton now.  My mother had been imprisoned here when I had been too young and too weak to help her.  My rage boiled over.
I flew over the bushes and settled on the ground beneath the willow.  Great spans of earth were being uprooted as the thing that had been my father struggled to free itself.
I thrust my hand down into the shaking ground, just under one of the willow's thickest roots.  My aim was perfect.  I grabbed the thing by its jacket and yanked it upward in one motion.  It let out an ear-splitting cry, its bony hands clutching and pulling at my wrist.  Its breath was foul and its flesh hung from the bone like dripping cottage cheese.  There was no hair left on its head.
In a burst of energy, it drove me backwards.  We sailed through the air, bouncing off tree trunks and through bushes and branches.  We held each other tightly.  I could feel its razor sharp fingernails digging into my neck as we tumbled to the ground.
It snarled at me, baring its yellow, rotten and pointed teeth, hissing and spitting its anger.  As its grip tightened, I could feel the flow of blood running down my neck.  Pushing myself upward with all my strength, we lifted off and shot straight up through the overhanging branches.  The wail it uttered would have frozen any mortal's blood.  It kicked and screamed as we drifted closer and closer to the little stream that ran alongside the willow.
"No," it hissed.  "You can't.  It's not possible."
"What's not possible?" I asked, dragging it closer to the water.  "That I'm truly stronger than you?  What did you think, father?  That I would never come into my own?  You made me, remember.  I was the product of your lust for a human woman.  So here I am, grown...and angrier and stronger than I was when I first buried you beneath that tree.  The Willow Tree that my mother had loved so much.  Your time has come."
"No. You cannot destroy me," it bellowed.  "We are the same.  We belong to the night; we are kindred."
"No, father.  We are not the same.  I have my mother's compassion.  But none of it is for you.  It is time I finished what I started."
As I plunged him into the running water, I pushed down on the stake that I had buried in his chest two hundred years ago.  A piercing wail rose up and then died away beneath the water.  His flesh and bone began to decay and the water around him started to boil.  I could feel it burning my arm, but I would not let go.  Not until what remained of him had dissolved completely.  Not until it was finished forever.


10
When the thing I held beneath the water, my father, was completely gone, I moved over to the bank, just watching the water calm itself.  When I turned, she was there, standing behind me.  A translucent shape dressed in white.  She was as beautiful as I remembered her.
"I can be free, now," she said.  "I knew you would come back."
"Mother-" I began, but she silenced me.
"I don't have much time.  Listen to me, my son.  Jacob is my brother.  He has been your guardian for all these centuries, but he's growing weak.  When you gave up your life as a vampire for your wife, Ronnie, you weakened him and yourself.  You must correct that.  You must be what you are.  Give him your strength and protect him as he has protected you."
I wanted to hold her, to embrace her once more, but she faded.  Standing there alone in the woods, I knew three things for sure.  My mother was gone for good, as was my father; Jacob would once again be strong, and the dream I'd had about the couple in the car was not a dream.  I had fed.  After thirty-nine years...I had fed again, and would continue to do so.




PART II
THE PROGENY


11
I have aged.  By human standards – but a moment in time.  To all around me, Richard Anthony Millay looks to be in his forties.  I am two hundred and sixty-three years old.  It's been forty-seven years since I'd come into my own – come back to myself.  Forty-seven years since I'd freed my mother and destroyed my father for imprisoning her.  Forty-seven years since I'd embraced my heritage.  I am a vampire – the product of a union that was never meant to be – the union between vampire and mortal.  Because of that, I struggle.  I have my mother's human compassion and my father's lust for blood.  When I take a life, I can feel remorse – yet, I must feed.
As the years have passed, my duality has thinned.  I feel less and less for my human victims.  I am losing what was my mother's gift to me.  Soon, I will be no more than my father was – a remorseless killing machine with a single purpose.  Survival.
There was a time, not so long ago, when I enjoyed the life of a human.  I walked in sunlight and had a wife, Ronnie, whom I loved very dearly.  Now, I cannot love.  Emotion is dying within me and I cannot stop it.  I may still venture into the light of day, but only for a limited time.  I fear that, soon, all that was human in me will be dead forever.  I can feel those cells dying.  When they're gone – when there's nothing left of my mother inside me – I will remain forever within the realm of the undead.  I will become my father's legacy – a hunter of mortals confined to darkness and shadow.


12
My thoughts wandered as I sat next to my old friend and caretaker, Jacob Waters.  I had given him what strength and longevity I could, but mortals die.  There was another option for him, but he had refused that.  He did not want the life I lead, if you can call it that, and for his faithful service I am honoring his request.  So here I sit at his bedside, watching him die.
Because of my mother, I can still feel the tiniest bit of sadness at his impending loss.  But that is so small compared to the drive I have to find a replacement for him.  I stare out of the window, watching the moon ride across the sky as the life ebbs away from my friend.  By morning's light we will both sleep with the dead.  He forever entombed beneath the green cover of earth, and I in my casket awaiting another sunset.
Sitting at his bedside in the hospital was difficult.  I could smell the fresh blood two floors down in the emergency room.  I could smell the coming death of the ones that would not survive the night, as well as that which has already come to those who have just passed.  With each passing moment, maintaining my self-control became more difficult.  The smells called to me – to that part of me that knew death intimately.  What remained of my mother was all that kept me sitting in my chair, keeping vigil over a dying friend.
A nurse came in to adjust Jacob's IV.  Most men would have lusted for her young body.  I sat quietly in the shadows of the room watching the veins in her neck pulse, my hands gripping the arms of my chair to keep me in place as I watched that which keeps me in existence circulate through her.  I did not move, and she smiled at me as she left the room.  My grip eased.
An hour before dawn, my longtime friend was gone.  Stepping outside, the smell of humanity filled me.  It was time for me to feed, before I retired to the confines of my daily prison, my casket.  My casket!  For so many years I had had no such need, but as my mother's gift waned, my father's curse grew.
At first, I didn't understand what was happening to me.  I had for so long walked freely in the sunlight that I couldn't comprehend my sudden uneasiness with it.  I couldn't understand why my daytime slumbers, which gradually increased in duration, were fitful and uneasy in my own bed.  It had been Jacob who understood.  And it had been Jacob who had solved my problem.  With lumber he'd taken from the house, he'd fashioned my daytime sleeping quarters.  This he filled with a layer of soil taken from beneath my beloved willow tree.  The stone building in the cemetery out back – the one that had served as my mother's prison and tomb, he rebuilt into a secure fortress.
Initially, I had balked at the idea of moving out of the main house.  There was still a small part of me tied to it because of what remained of my link to Ronnie, my dead wife and her love of the house.  But Jacob's wisdom prevailed and I finally agreed to rest within the stone walls during my vulnerable hours.  Hidden behind rows of thickets that no mortal could breach easily, I spent my days under the watchful eye of Jacob Waters.
I left Jefferson Hospital and Jacob behind and walked out into what was left of the night.  A big city provides so many opportunities for me, and Philadelphia was no exception.  I walked down 11th Street, turned onto Ludlow and found that which I sought.  In a small alleyway, a group of bikers were sharing a woman.  Two of them had her pinned against a wall, while the others waited their turn.  My casual approach, hands in my pockets, seemed to momentarily unnerve them.  They turned and stared at me, then, leaving the woman in the hands of the biggest, moved toward me.
I stopped, my hands still in my pockets and my eyes beginning to burn.  I could see their life force coursing through their bodies; I could smell it.  I waited for them, the sheep coming to the wolf.
There were three of them and they circled me, laughing, enjoying what they thought would be their next sport.  I said nothing; I kept my eyes on the one in front of me, the rest of my senses stretching out to the others.
"Well, well, well," said the one in front of me, "What do we have here?  A good Samaritan, maybe?"  They laughed.  I smiled.
"I believe," I said, calmly, "that I'll have the woman, thank you."
Again they laughed.  The one in front of me produced a rather large knife.  He began waving it around as if he were a Ginsu demonstrator.  It made me smile, and the smile sent a wave of anger through him.  I could see it and feel it.  I could also feel that he felt so safe, so in control with his friends around him.  But I felt something else, too.  I could feel his uneasiness with my lack of reaction to his threats.
In a moment it would be over and I would have what I wanted.  There would not be enough time for me to savor the easy victory I would have.  There would not be enough time for me to enjoy the puzzled looks on their faces as they gasped out their dying breaths.
The man with the knife stepped forward, leveling it at my throat.  I let him come.  He reached out and grabbed my tie with his left hand and placed the point of the knife against my skin.
"So you think you want our prize, do you?  I'd say-" he turned to look at his friends, "I'd say that maybe we'll have you in the same way we're enjoying her.  What do you think of that, mister suit man?"
My hands were still in my pockets and my face calm.  He pressed the knife forward, just enough for it to lightly pierce my flesh.  I watched as his pupils widened.  The two on either side of me closed in and I let them.  They each took me by an arm, just above the elbows, my hands still in my pockets.  I closed my eyes.
"What's the matter, asshole?" the one with the knife said, "Too afraid to look at us?"
"No," I said, maintaining a low calm voice.
I opened my eyes and I could see what the man with the knife could see.  My eyes were a deep, fiery red, my pupils nothing more than points of blackness.  I opened my mouth and hissed at him; at the same time I pulled my hands from my pockets and lifted my arms and their captors into the air.  Like flinging snot from the end of a finger, I sent them hurling against the brick buildings that lined the alleyway.  The man in front of me let out a whimper and plunged his knife into my neck.  I left it there, grabbed his shoulders and took him up.  Floating above the alley, I turned him upside down and held him there by an ankle.  We watched, or at least I did, as his big friend with the girl took off running.  I hissed again, and let him go.
The sound of his head opening on the concrete below fed my violent passion.  I swept down the alleyway, descending on my running victim.  Snatching him up by the collar, I rose high above the buildings.  He kicked and screamed, but it availed him nothing.  I let go of him and watched him drop, paddling the air frantically.  Three feet from his impact with the ground I caught him up again.  I repeated this three more times; all the time, my senses were following their fleeing victim.  Following above her (my helpless biker in tow), I descended swiftly, pulling her up with my free hand.  We rose to the top of one of the buildings, where I dropped her. I then took my new-found biker friend higher.
I held him out in front of me, his will to struggle broken.
"I am not going to kill you," I hissed.  "I have a use for you.  Can you understand me?"  The question was necessary.  In their fear, mortals often shut down their rational senses.  "Do you understand me?" I repeated.
Although he tried, he could not speak.  I could feel his fear closing off his throat.
"A nod will suffice." I said.
He nodded that he understood. I took him down to the roof where I'd left the girl.  She was desperately seeking an escape that did not exist.
"Fetch her and bring her to me," I said, letting him go.  He stood there, staring at me.  I waited.  I knew it would take him time to gather himself together – to understand his situation and accept the irrationality of it.  I didn't have to wait long.  I watched as he chased her down and dragged her over to me by her hair.
"Very well done," I said.  I reached out and took the woman by the throat and drew her to me.  When I'd finished feeding, I let her limp body drop to the cindered roof and turned toward my new companion.
"You will now serve me and me alone.  Do you understand?  Can you understand what your fate will be if you ever cross me?"  I pulled the knife from my throat and offered it to him.  He didn't take it.  I let it drop.
He still had no words, but nodded.  I smiled at him.  He stood there in his leathers, no longer the intimidating one.  A large wet spot darkened the front of his pants where he'd relieved himself in his fright.
"You will serve me for as long as I find you useful.  So, I'd suggest you be as useful as possible for as long as possible.  What is your name?"
I waited while he found his voice and finally squeaked out, "Adam."  It made me laugh.  Adam – the first man.  Now he was my first man and would do whatever I commanded.
I drew him close to me and whispered the address of the house in his ear.  I then picked him up, along with my victim's body and took them both back down to the alleyway.
"You will dispose of her and then you will come to the address I have given you.  It will be your new home.  There, you will watch over me during the day and assist me at night."
My eyes burned into his, commanding him, controlling him, absorbing him.  When I knew that there was no resistance left in him, I let go.  I straightened his jacket, as a tailor might smooth out a customer's suit.
"Dispose of her and come."  I straightened my suit, put my hands back in my pockets and walked away, stepping over my female victim.  Daylight was coming, and I was out of time.


13
It took several months for Adam to adjust to his new life.  I tolerated his adjustment with as much patience as I could afford.  There were a few times when I had had to put the fear of – I almost said, God, but there was no God in this house – it was the fear of me I put into him.  And slowly, he came along.  I groomed him for the life that was ahead of him.  I taught him what he needed to know.  I taught him what I needed from him.
My time in daylight was now completely gone.  Adam kept watch from the house.  He handled the unexpected visitors, the canvassers, the repairmen (for those things which were beyond his abilities), all those who might venture onto the property.  He proved himself more useful and astute than I had at first thought possible.
Without being told, he tended the cemetery.  He replaced the wrought iron gate and cleaned up the grounds.  He even went so far as to carve the family name from the headstones over the doorway of my abode.  The ingenuity and assertiveness he showed in undertaking it without my permission, and for my good, pleased me.
Adam also kept track of the police reports and any subsequent interest they had, or didn't have, in my victims.  It was this vigilance that finally brought to light something I had not thought possible.  I was not alone.  There was another out there like me.  And it was not one of my making.
Unlike some of the popular tales of my kind, every victim does not become a vampire.  Such an occurrence happens only by choice.  I had never made that choice.  Consequently, I was at a loss to understand from where my competition had come.  Yes, I was not so arrogant as to think that I was the only one of my kind in the world, but I did know that I was, or had been until now, the only one in the Philadelphia area.
There is an intrinsic understanding in us – that we do not encroach on another's territory.  It becomes too dangerous to have more than one feeding in the same area.  Too many bodies bring too many questions.  Our strength lies in the fact that mortals do not really believe in us.  Proving our existence is detrimental to all.  The situation I now faced was unheard of and potentially disastrous.  I had to find out who he was.  And discovery would only be the beginning.  The difficult part would be the confrontation and expulsion of one of us – by whatever means necessary.  It had the potential to become very ugly, very quickly.


14
I was in the habit of taking no more than two victims a night, usually only one.  I confined myself to the disposable people, the ones very few (if any) would miss.  I never took children.  The poor unfortunate souls that society labeled as bums and degenerates were my primary feeding source.  These were the ones the authorities would spend very few dollars and man-hours on.
Adam and I kept a wary eye on all the reports of murders and disappearances throughout the city. We looked for patterns that were similar to my own.  I hoped that my counterpart would also be following an identical approach - hunting cautiously.  In a smaller area, our search would have been much simpler.  I would have sensed him – smelled his death, as he would mine.  A city the size of Philadelphia afforded him some measure of protection from discovery by me, as it afforded me protection from discovery by the authorities.
December was waning.  The first snowfall had blanketed the city in a white mantle.  Some of the homeless had been removed to shelters.  Their coalescence in great open spaces made hunting them out of the question.  But there were still many that remained among the refuse of the frozen alleyways.
My hours awake have increased.  The sun sets earlier.  I expend most of my energy in search of the other, yet I still must hunt.  During daylight, Adam scouts out my nocturnal hunting ground, always jumping randomly around the city, always careful to be back within the realm of my protection before sunset.  He too hunts, for there is a counterpart for him as well.  As I must, so must the other have a daylight guardian.
With the setting of the sun, I arose, slipped as smoke through the stones of my crypt and entered the house.  I could feel Adam's exhilaration as I entered.  He was sitting in the kitchen drinking a beer and waiting for me.  When I entered, he began his tale.
As he searched out my hunting grounds for the evening, he had come across another who seemed out of place in the back streets of the Cobb's Creek neighborhood. Adam told me that they had stared at each other for quite some time, each sizing up the other.  He was sure that the man at the far end of the alley had been his counterpart.  As he walked cautiously toward him, the man had watched and then fled.
There was no doubt in my mind that Adam was correct.  And I also knew that, at the same time I was having this conversation with Adam, my counterpart would be having an identical conversation with his bodyguard.  We would meet soon.  We would have to.  I also knew that the other was aware of the same.  I could feel the light touch of his mind, distant, but there.  And he could feel mine.
There was also something else I could feel, but wasn't sure what it meant.  I felt as if I knew this one, but that may have been solely because we were the same.  Yet, the feeling I had ran much deeper than that, even though our minds barely touched.
I made my hunt and kill quickly.  I had some other things for which I needed to plan.  Not knowing whether the other would be an ally or enemy, I needed to take some precautions.  What I was planning was dangerous.  For one thing, it would draw a lot of public attention.  Still, under the circumstances, it was one of those things that I felt merited the risk.
Getting in and out of the Philadelphia Zoo was the easy part.  It was the transport of the animals that was difficult.  Despite my strength, the squirming wolves under my arms made my flight a bit tricky.  And the mist through which we moved echoed with their growls and snarls.  Once on the ground at the house, they settled in quickly.  I gave them their orders and something else – something more formidable before I introduced them to Adam.  I gave them my strength.  They drank of my blood, but not so much as to take them all the way to "undead."  I needed them to be watchful during daylight hours.  But I also needed them to be able to handle an intruder of my magnitude.  Once I'd accomplished this, my guardians were secure.
For weeks after my appropriation of the wolves, the newspapers and TV crews followed the story of the missing animals.  Eventually, it died down.  My concern was not the authorities; my real concern, initially, was that my counterpart would know why, and by whom, the wolves were taken.  But that dissipated.  I came to realize that it might work to my advantage.  It would draw the other to me.  I needed only to wait and be vigilant.
In a small section of the city called Roxborough, we met for the first time.  I was preparing to feed.  A group of teenagers were partying in a tiny cemetery on the main street of the area, Ridge Avenue.  I was preparing to take them when the other arrived.  I watched her arrival from atop a building across the street.  To the mortals, I was invisible, but not to her.  She stopped for a moment to gaze at me and I could see the fire in her eyes.  She then turned and walked toward the teenagers.  I was struck by the fact that she appeared no older than they.
As she approached, she opened the top few buttons of her blouse.  I smiled.  Her trap was set.  The boys immediately surrounded her.  I could feel their desire from here.  She let them believe their desires would be fulfilled.  When the attack came – it came on swift and brutal wings.  She took all of them, the last of which she toyed with as a cat toys with a mouse.  She pounced, lifted him into the air and then dropped him.  He would run and she would be on him again.  I could feel her exhilaration.  Finally, a few yards from the front gate and freedom, she ran him down and took his life force.
When she finished, she turned and stared at me.  Her mouth gaped open, blood dripping from the corners, and hissed at me, the foulness within her spilling out in a large greenish-yellow cloud.  It was not yet time for total confrontation – we could both feel that – she evaporated into a fog and floated out the back of the cemetery.  I let her go – for tonight.
Our minds touched again, much closer this time. What I felt actually sent a chill up my spine, which didn't happen very often.  There was a human quality to her that I could feel.  Like I had been, she was a daylight walker.  I did not know how this was possible, and it meant that my decision to protect myself with the wolves was justified.  It also meant that Adam was at risk.  Further precautions were demanded.
As I stood there thinking about the situation, a woman came out of a small corner store.  She was almost to her car when a man approached her from behind.  I could see the knife he was holding at the small of her back and could hear his demands.  They got into her car and drove off.  I followed.
Just outside of Philadelphia, a small place called Banderman Falls, they turned onto Northwestern Avenue and went down to a parking lot that was part of Fairmount Park.  The man with the knife was convinced that he would not be disturbed there.  He was wrong.
I watched from above for a few minutes as the woman struggled to retain her clothing and life.  She would have done neither had I not intervened.  I felt no compassion for her, and my intervention was purely self-motivated.  I was not saving her from her attacker; I was saving her attacker for me.
I touched the ground, the gravel crunching beneath my feet as I walked toward the car.  I rapped on the window with my knuckles.  I could have ripped the door off and grabbed him, but I wanted the confrontation.  His expression was, at first, surprise.  When it melted into anger, it amused me.
I stepped back from the car, giving him room to get out.  It made me laugh when he told the woman, "Stay right there!  I'm not finished with you."
"Actually, you are," I said, taunting him.  I let him approach, keeping my eyes averted from his.  I didn't want this to end too quickly.  I needed to savor the moment.
He ran toward me; I could feel his rage.  When he was a few feet from me, I spread my arms out to my sides and let him shove the knife into my belly.  That's when I grabbed him and let him look me in the eyes.  I watched as he sank helplessly into their fiery depths.  I fed.  When I was done with him, I snapped his neck and let him drop.
I walked back over to the car.  The door was still open and the woman was huddled in the corner of the back seat.  I leaned down and looked in at her.
"You have a nice night, now," I said, "and drive carefully."
I hadn't gotten very far on my way home when I felt it – felt her.  I turned, sniffing the air and tasting the mix of life and death. It took only milliseconds for me to get back to the car, but I was too late.  The woman was dead and my counterpart was already gone.  But not before leaving me a message that was all too clear.  The heads of the victims had been placed on the hood of the car facing each other.  Our meeting would soon be face to face.


15
It was a week to the day after the message that the first overtures to our meeting took place.  As the sun set on a cold January evening, I rose and greeted my four-legged guardians.  I did not anthropomorphize them with names, nor did I speak to them in any of man's languages.  I communicated in their language – grunts and growls.  They had made a nice den for themselves within the perimeter of the brambles that surrounded my crypt.  They remained inside that perimeter, except to hunt in turns for their food on the expansive wooded property.  They told me we had a visitor.
As I entered the rear of the house, Adam and our friend rose.  Marco was a rather large man, someone I would have picked as a guardian.  He and Adam had been having a beer and, most likely commiserating their fates.
Our guest was well schooled.  He avoided eye contact with me as much as possible.  I tried to put him at ease, telling him that I had no desire to initiate hostilities, either with him or his mistress, but he was still wary.
"So..." I said, taking a seat at the far end of the kitchen table, "what can we do for you?"
"My master (he stumbled with the word) wishes to meet with you.  She sends her greetings and offers you the choice of locations for such a meeting."  His mouth was dry and he kept licking his lips.  His discomfort at being in my presence was measurable.  Adam sat quietly, looking between the two of us.
"I welcome such a meeting," I said dryly.  "I have wondered much about your Mis-tress."  I stressed the word, drawing it out, knowing it would make him just the slightest uncomfortable.  Although I wanted him to understand that he was in no danger, I didn't want him to report that I was, by any means, weak.  "When does she propose the meeting take place?"
"I am told," he stammered, "to request a time within the week.  My master has much she would like to discuss with you." He coughed nervously before continuing.  "As she is sure you have much to ask of her."
I sat back and stroked my chin, as if I were contemplating the situation.  In actuality, I had been prepared for this for weeks.  At length, I sat forward and caught his gaze.  This would ensure that my message was in no way corrupted when it was delivered.
"I shall meet with your mistress tomorrow night at the same cemetery where we first encountered each other.  I shall be there three hours before dawn.  You will accompany her, as Adam will accompany me."  I drew him in deeper.  "It is absolutely imperative that your mistress comply with my next condition.  There will be no feeding in that area tomorrow night.  She may feed elsewhere, but the cemetery and the surrounding town are off limits.  Naturally, following our meeting, she may feed where she pleases."
There was no reason to ask if he understood me clearly.  I knew that he did, just as I knew that my message would be delivered intact.
"Adam will now show you out," I said, standing from my chair and raising myself to its fullest height.  "When you leave, you will go straight back to your mistress.  You will not stop along the way."
He repeated my last instructions as someone might repeat a telephone number they wanted to be sure was correct.  I bowed at the waist – a useless gesture, but it added to the atmosphere I thought.  A kind of Stokerism.  He left immediately under Adam's watchful eye.
"Well, my friend," I said to Adam, on his return, "it appears as though there will be the long awaited meeting of the minds."
"Yes sir.  Is there anything special you need of me in preparation?"
"Yes.  I leave nothing to chance, as I am sure is true of her."  I told Adam what I wanted from him.  I needed to take extra precautions on this, as I was the one at the disadvantage.  My counterpart still had the ability to be about in sunlight.  I could not allow a situation to develop in which she delayed my departure, allowing the sun to rise before I could leave.


16
Adam arrived at the cemetery forty minutes before the scheduled meeting.  He sat out front in the Chevy Suburban with the darkly tinted windows that I had procured for him.  When his counterpart arrived, thirty minutes later, they took up their positions at opposite gates, ensuring we would not be disturbed.  I did not arrive early, nor did my counterpart.  That would have violated the rules of trust.  We were each bound by certain etiquettes peculiar to our species.
At precisely the appointed time, we both arrived in the center of the cemetery.  There was a familiarity about her appearance which I could not immediately place.
"Good of you to come," I said.
"Good of you to come," she replied.
"I have many questions," I said, standing with my hands in my pockets.  I could still smell the life force in her that allowed her to move through daylight.
"I am not sure I have, or am willing to divulge, all the answers you seek."
"Who made you?  It is generally accepted as inappropriate to take a child."
"He that made me hunts also in this city," she stuck her hands in her back pockets and kicked lightly at the dirt.  "You should not blame him for me, for I believe he is unaware of my creation at his hands."
"That's rather cryptic.  I find it difficult to believe that he could have given you the life you have without knowing.  It is a conscious decision that demands deliberate action."
She giggled – a forced and sardonic giggle.  "His actions were deliberate, that's for certain.  And I'm sure, at the time, of a very conscious nature.  Still, he does not know he created me."
"Why do you hunt here, when you know I am here?  You understand the danger in that."
"I hunt here because he hunts here.  I watch and learn."
"How is it you are part mortal?"
She giggled again.  "That is an answer I am unwilling to give you...for now."
I took a step closer to her, drawing her full attention.  Our eyes locked and I could feel her strength.  It was the strength of youth.  But I could also feel the weaknesses of youth, the inexperience.  Yet, she held my gaze and did not flinch.  She was reading me as I was reading her.
"You will not, then, consider changing locations?"  It was a rhetorical question.  I knew her answer.  "I cannot force you to do so.  And if, as you say, there is another...one I cannot sense, then our hunting grounds are well overcrowded."
"I understand the danger you foresee.  Many bodies, many questions.  I do not believe it will be a problem.  He is very careful, as am I."
"Still," I continued, "three in the same area will eventually draw unwanted attention."
"I repeat, you need not concern yourself with that.  Things will become clear to you...but you must be patient.  I am not ready to tell you all you want to know."
A sudden seriousness swept across her face and it was she who locked eyes with me.
"Do not underestimate me because of my...youth."  The word made her giggle again.  "I am equal to the challenges I face, and have a better than average ability at reading thoughts."
She turned and looked over her shoulder at the street behind us.  "For instance, I know you feared I would detain you.  I assure you, I am not prepared to battle with you, nor do I wish to...at this time.  So, you do not need the four-legged guardians that stare at us through the darkness from within your manservant's vehicle.  I can see them in his mind.  I can smell them."
"Your statement implies that you are contemplating such a battle in the future," I snapped.
"That is, as with all things, possible.  We have yet to see where our respective roads will cross.  I will have a proposal for you...soon.  In the interim, we can coexist by agreeing, as you would like, to hunt carefully in different areas.  Is that satisfactory to you?"
I nodded my agreement, although I was far from satisfied.  I knew that pressing the matter further would be fruitless.  She smiled and kicked lightly at the dirt the way a horse will paw the ground for want of activity.
"I will give you this much," she said, a wry smile on her face, "you knew my mother...a long time ago...before I was created.  She was never anything but mortal, so you needn't worry about a fourth in the area.  She has since passed beyond our reach, so do not try to find her.  What remains of her is...perhaps...only a distant, un-jogged memory of yours."
She turned slightly, allowing the moonlight to reflect off her face.  And in that moment, I saw the unknown familiarity that I had felt before.  And still, it was beyond my reckoning.
"We should go now," she said.  We have yet to feed and your resting hours approach."
She said nothing more.  I watched as she vaporized and drifted across the cemetery and out the gate, like a slow moving mist on a damp morning.  At the far end of the cemetery, I saw her guardian nod to mine and then disappear down the street into the darkness.
"Take the children back," I said to Adam.  "I shall be along shortly."


17
Although confined to the blackness of my crypt for the day, I did not sleep.  I lay in my casket, the child's face circling in my mind.  Desperately I tried to bring its familiarity into focus – to recognize it.  It was close, but still eluded me.
I also attempted to understand her comment about her mother.  But that, too, remained foggy.  There were so many mortal women I had known, both as a daylight walker and after.  I sorted through the faces locked in my memory: casual passers-by; female victims; faces I'd seen on news stories or television.  But I could not make an association between any of them and this girl.
I pondered the other, too – the one she claimed made her.  I wondered how he could be here and I not know it.  Why couldn't I sense him as I had the girl?  These questions and puzzles kept burning through my mind.
With the sunset came my hunt.  I had not rested and was weakened.  I would need more than one victim tonight - maybe more than two.  I could already feel the dead tissues of my body degenerating.  My first attack would have to be swift.  I would need young blood.
Adam had done his job as usual, but the targets were too old for what I needed immediately.  I would have to find my own first kill.  And it would have to be made early, much earlier than I usually killed.  There would still be many mortals up and about, unlike the small hours of the morning.
From a street corner in Manayunk, I watched as the late evening shoppers bustled about their business.  I watched them come and go, my eye on the lookout for the perfect target – alone.
At the end of the block I saw a young woman emerge from her row house with a small dog.  I watched her as she made her way down the street, cooing and coaxing the dog to complete its business so she could go back home.  When she turned the corner, I followed.  Halfway down the street she turned into a neighborhood park.  It was empty and would serve my purposes well.
As I approached her from behind, keeping my distance at first, the dog began to sense me.  It turned and snarled at me, growling and jumping at the end of its leash.  The woman should have been unnerved at my proximity, but I think that it was my suit that put her at ease.
"I'm terribly sorry," she apologized, pulling back on the leash as hard as she could.  "Tippy usually doesn't act this way.  She's usually a very friendly doggie."
"That's quite all right," I said smiling, as I walked closer to her.  "She's just protecting her master."
I was standing directly in front of her when the attack came.  It was swift and merciless.  Had I not been what I was, I would have been unable to follow it.
A dark shape swooped down and grabbed up the dog.  It was so fast that the dog had no time to cry out before it was dead.  From a mortal's standpoint – the woman's – the dog vanished momentarily, only to reappear as a headless carcass.
I reached out and grabbed the horrified woman before she could scream, and in another moment, my first kill of the night had been accomplished.
"Thought I'd help out," said the girl, standing beside me.
"We should not be feeding in the same area," I said sharply.
"You can hardly call a dog feeding.  I was just giving you the opportunity you needed."  She kicked the Pug and it went sailing through the air like a gutted stuffed toy.  Her hands were in her pockets and she swayed her hips from side to side.  A mortal male would have instantly been sexually attracted to her.  I was angry.
"I do not need help...and we had an agreement."
"I'm keeping to the agreement.  I didn't feed.  I just killed the stupid mutt."
I was about to continue the chastisement when she lifted up and drifted away.  I let her go.  There was more to her than I had at first assumed.  How much more remained to be discovered.
Later, I took a young couple making love in a secluded area of the park.  I was satiated and my strength was back to normal.  I could once again sense the cohesiveness of my dead flesh.
As I returned to my resting place for the day, I stretched out my mind, seeking the whereabouts of the girl.  What I felt did not comfort me.  She was close.  Very close.  Yet, there was nothing I could do.  The sun had already crested the horizon and I was once again a prisoner of the undead's curse.
It was another restless day for me.  I could not afford too many of these, they severely weaken me.  But I could not sleep.  I could feel her – closer than I wanted her.  It was only because of the wolves and the powers I'd given them that made me feel safe.  I knew she could not breech the surrounding thickets.  And I knew that she knew it.
When I arose that evening, Adam was waiting for me just outside the perimeter.  His face was anxious and strained.  I had reached out and touched his mind and knew what he was going to say.
"I know," I said, calmly.  "How long was she here and what did she want?"
"About fifteen minutes.  She really didn't say much of anything.  She mostly looked around and wandered through the house."
"She came alone, too, didn't she?"
"Yes.  At least, I think so.  I didn't see her bodyguard."
"She wouldn't have needed him and she knew it," I said.  "She knows I am confined and you are impotent against her."
I grabbed Adam by the shoulders and looked into his mind as deeply as I could.  I needed to see what he saw.  The images I got were blurred, distorted.  I could not get a true feel.  I had hoped to discern her purpose for being here through the sights and feelings Adam had had while she was here.  But she effectively blocked them.  She was much stronger than I had guessed.


18
I fed voraciously that night.  My last of four victims was a security guard isolated in a small guard shack outside an apartment complex.  As I finished with him, I turned and she was standing there.  Her long brown tresses dancing lightly in the night breeze brought back a memory long buried.  For the briefest of moments I saw in her features and mannerisms my former human wife, Ronnie.  But the moment faded, and I saw only another nocturnal killing machine.
"Feeling a bit weak lately?" she asked, sarcastically.  "This is your fourth tonight.  A bit piggish, isn't it?"  She laughed.
"What is it, exactly, that you want from me?  Why are you so fascinated by me?"
"You present a conundrum.  Two sides of a coin," she replied, matter of factly.
"What kind of conundrum?"
"A conflict between my desire and need."  Again, she stood, hands in her hip pockets, kicking lightly at the cinders of the driveway.  The action was so familiar.  I had seen it before – and it wasn't she I was vaguely remembering.  It was someone else that I had known.
"What desire, and what need?  Can you be more specific?"  I folded my arms across my chest.  "I don't think this is the time or place for lengthy discussion.  Do you?"  I cocked my head quickly over my shoulder, indicating the corpse I'd left slumped on the floor of the guard shack."
"Perhaps not."  She giggled.  It was a little girl giggle, but it was far from a human sound.  "The cemetery," she added, and vanished.
Some of the tales and legends are true.  We can transmute.  But it is a costly expenditure of energy.  But because I was over satiated with my four victims, I had the energy to spare.
Pulling all my will together, I collapsed my cells and reformed them.  It was a painful process.  In human terms, it would feel much like being inside a trash compactor.  I could feel my blood vessels burst and reform; my organs explode and reshape themselves.  The agony was horrific, but at last, I was a bat and could move through the night effortlessly and swiftly.
I arrived at the cemetery a full ten minutes before she did.  When she got there, I could see the surprise that briefly flashed across her face before she regained her composure.  My early arrival had had the effect I wanted.  She was now the one questioning the amount of my strength.
I had reformed myself before she arrived, leaving her to wonder how I'd accomplished it.  Fortunately, the transmutation in that direction was only half as painful.  When completed, it takes a few minutes to restore the – human – for lack of a better term – sensations.  The nerves need to readjust.  I had had just enough time, marginally, before she arrived.  Had I been moments later in regaining those senses, she would have had me at a great disadvantage.  This was an ability that is infrequently used among us for those reasons.
As she stood in front of me, I could see in her mind the ambivalence she was feeling.  She had no idea how I'd beaten her here; and although she desperately wanted to find out, she was afraid to display her weakness - her lack of understanding without having to be told.  I smiled to myself.
"So," I said, looking her directly in the eyes.  "What seems to be your dilemma?  And how does it involve me?"
Her face was strained.  She was battling with herself and I could feel it sapping her strength.  I could sense the discord within her.  She wanted two things at the same time and they were diametrically opposed.
"I need something from you." She said.  Her voice was a dry monotone.  "I believe you're the only one who can help me.  But I loathe having to ask you."
"You need something from me?" I narrowed my gaze and probed more deeply into her mind.  She was beginning to lose control.  I was getting deeper and deeper.  Her ambivalence was eroding her mental barricade.  Straining, I pushed past it and saw what she was – who she was – and how she'd been made.  I also saw the reason for her struggle.  She wanted me dead, but needed my strengths and abilities.
I took a step back.  The clarity of her thoughts - of her creation and more - stunned me.  I was not prepared for it at all.  There was no other.  The other she had spoken of – the other who had created her – had been me.
The mental blow drained me and I lost contact with her mind.  But her knowledge was already mine.  Instantly, she knew what had happened.  That knowledge freed her, and she closed off her mind to me.  Her strength had returned as she was no longer divided.
For the longest time, she just stood there looking at me.   Probing into my mind.  It was now I who was vulnerable and she wasted no time taking advantage of it.  Yet, it turned out that my concern was unjustified.  It was not secrets she sought.  She gave, rather than took.  She made sure I felt the full impact of what I had gained from her mind.  She gave me clear images.
For beings that are emotionally dead, as we are, I was struck horrified.  The image of my long dead wife, Ronnie, swam in my mind.  She suffered greatly.  Her state of decay was beyond comprehension and the pain she felt of it was sheer agony.  The girl before me was my daughter.
When my wife had died, forty-seven years ago, I had not known that she was pregnant.  The girl standing before me, my daughter, developed in the womb of a dead human.  Her vampire half struggling to survive – to escape.  It had taken her years to develop enough to break out of her confines – out of my wife's grave.  To survive, she had managed to revive my dead wife, whom she fed upon until she could escape ( the explanation of how she accomplished that would have to wait for another time).  Feeding only enough to continue to grow, she waited until her time arrived.
But for Ronnie, it was torture.  She was never meant to be one of the undead.  The revival of a corpse only breeds an animated corpse.  But for the corpse – it is hell.  They continue to decompose and the undead life they'd been given allows them to feel their decomposition.
Through my daughter's mind, I saw my wife, as she existed now – horribly mutilated, rotten flesh peeling from her bones, her organs liquefying with decay.  And I could hear her constant screams of agony.
"What have you done?"" I yelled, grabbing my daughter by the shoulders.  "What have you done?"
She twisted away from me.  "What I had to do to survive.  We all survive."  She locked her eyes on mine.  "You have the power to help her; I know you do.  I am not strong enough...but you...you could give her what we have.  I know it."
"No!" I shouted.  "No!  She's been embalmed.  I cannot help her."
"You must," she screamed.  "You must try.  I know...I've always known...even while I was living inside the grave...you can help her.  You can restore her."
"To what?  Mortal?  It's beyond that.  Vampire?  Impossible now.  To what?"
She took a step back, her demeanor calming.  "You have not even asked my name?  Don't you want to know?"
I was stunned.  I couldn't get the image of her mother out of my mind.  A woman locked in a below-ground mausoleum so that her cries of anguish could not be heard by humans.  And my daughter seemed concerned with her name.
"My name...the one that I've chosen, as there was no one to name me when I was born, is Nightling.  I am your progeny...I am your legacy.  You've done nothing for me...I've done for myself.  Now it is time to ante up.  You must help my mother!  You must help your wife!  We can NOT leave her as she is, and I haven't the power to change it.  But you do.  I know it...I can feel it."
I drew a deep sigh.  And for the first time in a long time, I felt. I felt a profound sadness.  Perhaps it was knowing that my wife was – alive? – awake? – I didn't know what to call it.  But I could feel again.  Human feelings.  Pity – and horror.
"I don't know what we can do; I honestly don't know what we can do.  Except..."
I trailed off, for I knew she knew what I was going to propose.  And I wasn't even sure we could do that.
"You can't kill her!" she screamed.  "I won't allow it.  You must save her.  You must make her one of us."  Suddenly, she reached out and grabbed me, lifting me into the air.  As easily as if I had been a child's toy, she threw me across the cemetery yard.  I landed hard against a headstone.  I had been unprepared for her attack.  "Do you hear me?" she bellowed, appearing in front of me, "you must help her.  You must at least try.  You owe her; you owe me.  You're my father...and I need your abilities and experience."


19
No human could hear what we heard when we arrived at the mausoleum. The piercing screams and wailing that punched through to our immortal ears were chilling, even to us.
Nightling looked at me.  It must have been the reconnection with my former self – my daylight self – but I was feeling Ronnie's anguish.  Immediately, Nightling snatched me up by the shoulders and shook me.
"Don't go there.  I need you as you are.  Do not let yourself feel.  You must be one hundred percent immortal to do this."
I shook my head.  "I can't do that.  We were connected.  I can feel for her.  For the longest time I could feel nothing, but I can feel for her."
"Stop it!  Stop it right now!  You are an immortal – a creature of the night – a vampire.  You can no longer walk in daylight and you are no longer any part human.  You must be what you are.  You must!"
I drew myself up.  She was right.  If I had any chance of doing anything, I would need all the powers that the immortality of darkness had given me.  Yet, I still did not know what I could do.
"Are you ready?" Nightling asked.  "There's a small crack in the back, we can get in through there."
"Wait," I said, locking my fingers around her upper arm, "I need to think about what I'm going to do first.  It won't be as easy as converting a human.  She's already dead and pumped full of embalming fluid."
"No," said Nightling, "she's mostly drained.  That's why she's decomposing so quickly.  I drained it off her, little by little as I was growing.  It made me sick at first, but I learned to deal with it.  Mother is almost completely free of that horrid stuff."
I turned and leaned my back against the mausoleum, the cries and moans still issuing forth.  What did I know?  What could I possibly do to reverse such a horrid thing.  And as if the problem itself weren't enough, the sun would rise soon; we had very little time.
"You say that you've removed most of the embalming fluid?"
"Yes!  It was gross, but I did it.  That's how I was able to reanimate her.  I'd exchange a little of my blood for a little of hers each day.  That was another reason it took me so long to develop.  My human side was constantly at war with the paraformaldehyde and my psyche was split.  But in the end, I succeeded."
I closed my eyes.  Someplace deep inside of me, someplace where instinct and the wisdom or our kind resides, I could feel an answer.  I had to reach down further to find it.  I concentrated, letting time and place slip from my conscious.  I was close but not close enough when I felt Nightling shaking me violently.
I tried to push her away; I tried to maintain my concentration, but she kept shaking me.  Giving in at last, I said, "What?  What is it?  I was almost there?"
"Look!  Look," she cried, pointing to the horizon.  "We're out of time for tonight.  You must return home.  Now!  The sun is coming and I can't afford to lose you.  Fly, transmute and fly.  You have only minutes.  It's taken me almost an hour to get through to you.  Fly!"
She'd figured out my trick.  But I had no time to acknowledge that.  I returned to my casket seconds before I would have perished.  The sun had crested just as I had reformed.  It was a narrow escape.


20
Nightling was waiting for me when I arose.  She had been pacing the outside of the perimeter.  Inside it, my wolves growled and snarled, following her every movement, forbidding her entry. (In daylight, her human side made her vulnerable to their attack).  And so she paced on one side while they mimicked her on the other.  My will enforced their remaining on the inside and not bursting through to her.
Her human excitement was evident when I landed in front of her.
"Are you ready?  Have you thought about it?  Do you have any idea what we can do?  Do-"
"Slow down," I said, holding up my hands.  "Yes, I've considered the situation.  I'm still not sure what we can do.  But I feel there is something – an ancient knowledge that will help us."
"What?  What ancient knowledge?  Do you have it?  C'mon, we must hurry.  We may need all night again and I don't want to waste the time."
"I must feed first," I admonished.
"No...no!  There's no time."
"I must.  I will need all my strength if we are going to succeed."
"Then make it quick and meet me there.  She needs you!"
As I finished feeding, an idea occurred to me.  Hit me would be a better way to put it.  It was a very old technique, probably used by the first and strongest of us.  It was initially meant to create invincible guardians, but it had fallen out of use centuries ago.  I now believed that I could actually bring Ronnie across the barrier.  I could not return her to human life – but I might be able to bring her into our world.
It was a risky procedure, both to Ronnie and me.  There was a chance that she could be trapped forever inside a living hell if it went wrong.  If it failed, there was a very good chance that Ronnie would slowly decompose eternally – each night rejuvenating just enough to go through the agony again and again.
For my part, if it failed, my vampire body might not be able to process the life sustaining blood I drew from my victims.  I too would decompose slowly, until there was nothing left but ashes.  Dust to dust!


21
A fleeting torrent of mortal emotion swept over me as I entered the underground vault and beheld my former wife.  She stumbled around her concrete prison, hand over hand against the wall, bellowing and crying in agony.  Her flesh was black-grey and dripped from her bones like melting plastic.  In places, her bones were completely visible, as were the organs that were disintegrating behind them.
"Ronnie," I said, calmly, "Ronnie!"
"It's no good.  She won't listen," said Nightling.  "Just do what you have to.  Help her.  Stop this."
Slowly, one word at a time, my voice reverberating off the stone walls and seeming to come from every direction at once, I commanded her.
"Ronnie!  You will turn and face me.  Now!"
Instantly, she stopped.  I locked my mind onto what was left of hers, searching it – probing it for any shred of reason and humanity that might be left.  In the smallest, darkest corner, I found it.  I surrounded it with my mind – with my will – and drew her to me.
I laid her on her back and knelt beside her, my hand on her forehead.
"You will close your eyes and sleep," I commanded.
Her eyes rolled back in her head and then closed.  The erratic breathing slowed and steadied.  "You will sleep.  You will sleep deeply and feel nothing until I awaken you.  When I call you from your slumbers, you will be hungry.  You will eat what I give you and then you will sleep again."
I lifted my hand from her forehead.  Nightling stood off to the side watching.  I could feel the anxiety that washed over her mortal side.  I could read the curiosity in her mind – sense her desire to know what I was going to do.  But she said nothing and watched.
I steeled myself for what came next.  Summoning all my strength, I placed my fingers on my abdomen and pushed.  First the tips and then the knuckles sank in.  I spread my fingers, opening a hole in my left side.  When it was large enough, I took the edges of it with both hands and pulled it open.  I reached in and pulled out part of my spleen – my blood forming and processing organ.  In humans, the liver filters the blood.  In vampires, the spleen processes the blood of humans into the life sustaining liquid we need.
Most of the blood that I'd acquired from my victims was still inside it.  Black ooze dripped from my wound where the organ had once been attached.
"Awaken!  Awaken and feed," I commanded.
Ronnie's eyes fluttered open.  A howl issued from her lips that filled the chamber as she pulled the organ from my hands and started eating.
Nightling and I watched as she devoured the rancid tissue and blood that it contained.  I fell backward onto my elbows.  The spleen's removal weakened me instantly.  I looked at Nightling.
"You must," I stammered, "you must put her back into a trance with your will when she is finished.  I am too weak.  You must use all your immortal powers.  Can you do that?"
"Yes, I think so."
"Don't think!" I barked.  "You must know...you must be certain or it will fail."
"Yes.  I can do that," she said resolutely, and I could feel the immortal in her taking over.


22
When I came to, Nightling was sitting beside me with her legs crossed like an oriental meditator.  She had a hand on my shoulder and was holding her mother's hand with the other.  It took me a few moments to come back to myself and be able to sit up.
"How long before we know?" she asked.
I tried to clear my mind.  "Hours, probably. I have never done this before."  I struggled to my feet.  My wound was completely closed, but I was weak.  Nightling helped me stand.
"I helped heal you," she said.  "It looked like it was taking too long.  I will have to feed soon.  The healing drained me."
"While I was out, something else came to me.  Something even older and more primitive than the idea I used."
"What?  Can it still be done, even though we've already done this?"  A fresh wave of excitement washed across Nightling's face.
"I think so, yes.  The idea itself is sound...although dangerous."
Nightling smiled and let out a short burst of laughter.  I got the feeling it was just an attempt to ease the tension of the situation.
"Is anything you think of not dangerous?" she asked.
"Probably not," I said.
Ronnie started to moan.  It was barely audible.
"It's not working!  It's not working," cried Nightling.
"You must be patient.  We don't know yet whether it is or it isn't.  It may be too soon to tell."
"But look at her.  She's starting to awaken and she's still in pain and decomposing."
"I know, Nightling, but all we can do is wait."
"But for how long?  How long before we try something else."
She had no sooner finished her sentence when Ronnie bolted upright and began crawling around the floor, screaming.
"It's not working!  It's not!"
"You may be right," I said.  "We may have to try the second idea."
"Are you up to it," she questioned.  "You look so weak.  Can you do it?"
I closed my eyes and tried to summon all my strength.  I could feel my weakness.  I needed fresh blood, what I'd had, I'd given to Ronnie.
"No.  You will have to help me." I said.  "This is what needs to be done, and you must act quickly."
I related in detail what I wanted her to do and what we were going to try.  I read the shock on her face as I spoke.
"There's no other option," I told her.  "It's either this or we'll have to try to kill her...if we can."
"I don't like it," snorted Nightling, "but I'll try it.  But if it fails...what then?  I don't think killing her, even if we decide to do that, will be easy."
"No.  It won't.  But we'll have to worry about that later.  Now go!  Bring me what I need and be swift."


23
I used almost all of the energy I'd had left to create an opening into the vault and to keep Ronnie inside while I did.  What Nightling was bringing back could not have entered the way we do.  I had also had to extend my mind and will in order to make one of Nightling's tasks easier and safer.  By the time she returned, I was completely drained.  But I had anticipated this, and the human she brought would restore me. And I hoped that the animal she brought would save Ronnie.
The human Nightling brought was a sixteen year old male.  His will to fight had been completely broken, and when Nightling released him, he scurried into a corner and tried to hide.  I was swift.  I drained him, but not entirely.  The whole time, Nightling and the male wolf she'd brought back from my crypt watched.  When I'd finished and was feeling stronger, I commanded the wolf to drink from my blood, and then to attack the boy...but not kill him.
Getting the wolf to attack was easy.  It was getting him to stop at the appropriate moment that required my strength of will.  When it was over, we had to wait for the boy to recover enough to do our bidding.
Nightling and I waited.  The attempt was a double transfer.  I passed some of my immortality to the wolf, which, in turn, I hoped, would pass some to the boy during the attack.  What we were trying to create hasn't existed in this world for longer than my ancient memories could recall, although the legends persisted.
When the boy finally awoke, I drew him to me.  His face was pale and his eyes dull and listless.  I wasted no time.  I shoved my hand into his abdomen and pulled out his liver.  As Nightling held her down, I force fed it to Ronnie.  I did the same with the boy's heart.  When we'd finished, I let Ronnie rest for a bit.  The next phase of what we were trying would be brutal, but necessary.  When she managed to pull herself to her feet, the time had come.
Again, I had the wolf attack; but this time it was Ronnie.  Her cries assaulted our ears and senses as the wolf ripped chunks of the already dangling flesh from her bones.  She tried to crawl away from it, but it would not release her.  I watched, carefully monitoring the damage being done.  When I was satisfied that we'd reached the point we needed, I called off the wolf.
"Now we wait again.  But not here.  We must seal up the vault.  We will return in two nights.  Then we will know."


24
When we entered the vault, Ronnie was standing in the center.  Once again, she looked as beautiful as she had so long ago in my distant memory.
"Richard?  Is that really you?" she asked.  She ran over and hugged me.  "Where am I?  Why am I a prisoner here?  I can't remember much of anything."  
I could see the confusion on her face.  I could feel the struggle inside her to recall the past, and I could sense her inability to do so.
"It's alright now, Ronnie," I said.  "But things will be different than you may recall."
Nightling ran over and hugged her.  The surprise and confusion on Ronnie's face was evident. She took a step back, pushing Nightling away.
"Who are you?  I don't know you."
"You're my mother," said Nightling, flatly.  "I know you don't remember me, but I'm your daughter."
Ronnie stood there looking at us.  I could see her trying to process everything.
"C'mon," I said.  Let's get out of here."
"Are we going home, Richard?  I want to go home."
"Yes.  We're going home.  And when we get there, I'll explain everything.  You're not going to believe me-" I looked at Nightling.  "-us, not at first.  And there are things about your life that will be difficult for you to accept."


25
It had taken Ronnie over two months to adjust to and accept her new life.  I was sitting in the kitchen with Nightling, Adam and Marco when she came in.  Adam jumped up and wrapped a robe around her.  Marco had a fresh set of clothes laid out on the bed for her.  On nights like this, it had been her routine to come in, rest, and then shower and redress.
"How many?" asked Nightling.
"Only two.  I tried to be careful, but when the change comes, I can't be sure."
I reached out and put a hand on her shoulder.  Her eyes were still aglow, and there were still remnant tufts of hair sticking out of her skin here and there.  Her nose was not quite reformed, still looking half snoutish.
"It's ok, Ronnie," I said.  "You know that we'll take care of you."
"Can you remember where you made your kills?" asked Marco.  "Adam and I will go take care of the bodies."
"Yes," added Adam, "this lunar cycle is over."
"It's getting close to dawn," I said.  "Nightling and I must rest.  Will you be all right?"
"Yes," she said, nodding.  "Once my transformation from wolf to human is complete, I'll take a shower and lay down.  I won't be hunting anymore."
"I can still stay up for a while, if you want," said Nightling.
"No, honey.  It's ok.  I'll be fine."
"Come, Nightling.  Dawn approaches."




About The Author

T. A. (Thomas Andrew) Bradley was born in 1955 in Pennsylvania. He was raised in the middleclass neighborhood of Roxborough. He served as a Clinical Specialist in the Army Medical core during Vietnam, after which he worked in a number of civilian hospitals and care facilities. He eventually went back to school and got his Bachelor's degree in Microbiology and did his Master's work in Virology/Immunology. He worked for a number of biotech firms as a virologist, the last of which had Biodefense contracts with the government. During his career he worked with such viral pathogens as: West Nile, Smallpox (vaccinia), Monkey pox, most of the Picornaviruses (rhino, polio Coxsackie, etc.), Dengue (all four serotypes) and many more.
In January of 2008, following a prolonged bout of flu, he was diagnosed with complete heart block and required a pacemaker implant. Shortly after he returned to work the virology department was eliminated and he found himself out of work. For a short time he did lab safety consulting. It was at that time he considered turning to a fulltime career as a writer - a scary prospect, but he had always been writing from the beginning.
So far, he has published three horror novels and quite a few short stories (though he does not consider himself to be an adept short story writer). His first novel "Relic of the Damned: The Coming" has just been nominated as a semi-finalist in the 2014 Kindle Book Review's Kindle Best Book Awards competition. This is the first book of a duology. The second book is titled "Relic of the Damned: Carpe Noctum." Originally, these books were published as a single edition under the title "Lucifer's Pommel." After re-reading it, T. A. decided that it needed a strong rewrite and should be turned into a two-parter, which he did.
He followed the Relic books with Primordia, a novel that looks at the horrors a family goes through when medical ambition and mistaken identity collide in terrifying fashion.
His short stories have been featured in such magazines as Horror Bound, Horror in Words and John Betancourt's Vampire Megapack edition of Wildside Press. He also published a collection of 13 short Twilight Zone type stories entitled "13 Echoes."
T. A. currently resides in the Drexel Hill suburb of Philadelphia with, his two German shepherds, Georgia and Morgana. He has four novels in the works at present.
In his spare time, he enjoys playing with his shepherds and just relaxing with friends. At one time, he played lead guitar for his own band, Centerfield - a Classic Rock cover band in the Pocono Mts. Today, he can no longer play as he has recently been diagnosed with adult-onset Muscular Dystrophy. He is an avid chess player (especially tri-dimensional - he has a full sized replica of the original Star Trek board made and loves playing that).

You can find T. A. at:
www.tabradley-derangedwriter.com


Other Works by T. A. Bradley

RELIC OF THE DAMNED: THE COMING (Vol. 1)

RELIC OF THE DAMNED: CARPE NOCTUM (Vol. 2)

RELIC OF THE DAMNED (Complete and Unabridged)

PRIMORDIA

13 ECHOES (13 Short Stories in the Twilight Zone tradition)
