 
Valley of Death
Zombie Trailer Park

Written by William Bebb
Cover Design Artwork by Hadden Smith IV
Copy editor/proofreader Monty ‘Danger’ Hyman


The following tale is dedicated to all my friends and enemies that made me what I am today; With an extra special thanks to my ex-wife, who taught me the true meaning of horror.


This novel is a Hands on Productions & Publications, copyright 2010. All rights reserved. Any distribution of this novel without the expressed written permission of the author is illegal and subject to U.S. and International laws. This novel is purely a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents described are solely the result of the author's overactive imagination or are used fictitiously. Any similarities to actual real companies, products, events or people; living, dead, or undead is a coincidence. In other words, chill out and don't get your panties in a wad if you see a name that you recognize. Printed text version ISBN-13: 978-1493663422 and ISBN-10: 149366429 First printed edition 2014.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Email can be sent to: handsonppbooks@gmail.com
You can visit also the Hands On Productions & Publications website for updates and more information at www.sites.google.com/site/hoppublications


Other works of fine literature by this author include

Zombies of All Hallows Evil (Keck)

What the KECK!? Zombies of the Caribbean (Keck)

Zombies & Other Unpleasant Things

Chronicles of the Undead; The Emperor of Bayonne Prison

The Tiniest Invaders; Book One, Coexistence

The Tiniest Invaders; Book Two, The Meandering Menace


Upcoming Novels

Chronicles of the Undead Book II; Twisto's Town

The Tiniest Invaders; Book III Conclusion

Keck's Legacy (Coming eventually)


*****

PREFACE
Hi. As I rewrite this introduction, yet again, it late August 2014.
A printed edition, really? I can easily imagine many folks are thinking.
It's difficult for me to understand why, but many folks have sent me emails pleading for a print edition. So, here it is. There are only a few cosmetic changes in this edition, made principally to make the narrative flow better. Okay, there are also an additional 6,000 words that ended up being written in an attempt to give some parts of this tale a bit more meat. (figuratively speaking)
Valley of Death, Zombie Trailer Park was my first attempt at trying to transfer the many disturbing thoughts, from the hunk of meat stewing inside my skull, into something resembling a novel. While it has met with a great deal of success, many readers have quite rightly poked their accusatory fingers at numerous grammatical problems contained herein- principally commas placed in weird locations or missing entirely where they should be.
Please, don't wave this novel at English Professors and say, “Mr. Bebb didn't put a comma here or there, so why did I get a D on my English Composition?” They will not be impressed. If anything, they will most likely be simultaneous shocked, saddened, and disillusioned at what passes for literature in the twenty-first century but not impressed. Or at least they shouldn't be swayed into forgiving your grammatical goofs just because of this novel.

I've also gotten numerous emails and reviews from people who believe this story gleefully crosses many lines of decency. There are numerous gratuitous descriptions of bloody violent altercations, cannibalism, and other socially questionable behavior. So, I guess you could consider this a final warning. Don't read this story if disgusting things offend you. I'm not smart enough to write a zombie tale that doesn't include gross subject matter, and if I were I doubt I'd bother to do so. Zombies are gross and usually tend to do distasteful things.
So, in summation, please don't read this story if you don't like tales about zombies. It breaks my heart when someone sends me a note and explains they couldn't finish reading the story because it was too violent, gory, crammed full of grammatical errors, and so on. The mere thought of ever upsetting anyone because of my novels oftentimes makes it difficult for me to sleep. I worry that someone might be so disheartened and miserable because a comma was missing or plopped down in the wrong place that they could take out their righteous frustrations on innocent victims. They might read a depiction of excessively disgusting death and suffer a mental breakdown. Another person might notice the zombies in this book aren't picky regarding who or what they eat and be traumatized when some animals get killed and devoured.
It's getting difficult to find the right keys to press through the torrential downpour of heartfelt tears of regret, sorrow, and shame. So, let me wrap up this introductory ramble with a sincere hope that no one reads this that is easily nauseated by zombies and their tendency to act out in antisocial ways or is a strict grammarian.
-Bill


Table of Malcontents 

Chapter_1 Just Another Manic Monday
Chapter_2 Grandpa & Billy
Chapter_3 Josey Meets Boris
Chapter_4 Hopping Down the Bunny Trail
Chapter_5 The Holy Rollers
Chapter_6 The Power of Beer & Prayer
Chapter_7 Maria the Mechanic & Billy's Mission
Chapter_8 Charlie Farro & A Sign From God
Chapter_9 Stoned Zombies & Suicide is Painful
Chapter_10 Night Moves & Caveat Emptor
Chapter_11 Tug of War & Skynyrd
Chapter_12 Captain Wyatt & The Cavalry Arrives
Chapter_13 Cha-ka Attack & ICE Left Cold
Chapter_14 A Dying Dog & Jeremiah's Exit
Chapter_15 Home Again & To the Dump
Chapter_16 Cops & Doughnuts
Chapter_17 Hell's Water Balloon
Chapter_18 Explanations & Summations


Closing thoughts, story notes, some rambling, plus an extensive peek at Zombies of All Hallows Evil.

*****

CHAPTER 1
Just Another Manic Monday

Josey couldn't stop yawning.
It was still half an hour before dawn as he pulled his truck off Interstate 40 and headed north. Spitting out an old heavily chewed piece of nicotine gum, he yawned again and glanced at his cup of steaming coffee. The gum was better than nothing. But he looked with longing at the glove box (where his pack of Winston’s was stowed) as he drove on in the early predawn darkness. Just got to make it until noon, then I can have a real cigarette followed by some serious sleep, he thought as near exhaustion took its toll.
The next stop would be only the fourth pick up of the morning and yet he already felt dead tired. He reached for the coffee and felt the cup's comforting warmth in his hand. It had almost reached his lips when a jackrabbit (using that small animal logic that led millions of its predecessors to their untimely end) jumped out of the darkness into the dusty road ahead.
It stood up on its hind legs and stared in mild curiosity when it was spotlighted by the truck's headlights.
In mid sip, Josey noticed the movement and turned the steering wheel sharply in an attempt not to hit the small animal. As the massive truck swerved it jerked and shuddered causing almost half of the coffee to spill onto his lap.
Josey was suddenly wide awake as he screamed, “Son-of-a-bitch!” while the coffee scalded a tender area that no reasonable man would ever want burnt.

The jackrabbit noted the bright lights and heard the squeal of the giant tires as the big thing racing toward it began to turn. Its whiskers twitched as its brown eyes widened a bit more, but otherwise it remained motionless. The long eared animal's only brief confused thought was, Should I stay or leap?
It didn't use reason or logic to decide. Instead, it chose to follow a natural instinct.

Josey sucked through his clenched teeth as hot coffee soaked into his underwear like a sponge. The truck seemed destined to miss the long eared, furry, innocent, pedestrian and he sighed in relief. But in mid sigh the jackrabbit chose an extremely unfortunate moment to take instinct's advice and leaped.
The sheer size and weight of the truck made the bump almost imperceptible a moment later, but Josey knew he'd hit it. A wave of nausea and memories overcame him even as he hit the brakes and pulled over to the side of the deserted road.


He'd been twelve years old, standing at the bus stop waiting to go to school with his best friend. Tim had been followed by his new puppy named Black Jack. They'd been speculating about whether Sheila Cleveland was stuffing her bra or not when the bus started down the hill toward their pick up point. The puppy was yipping excitedly and bounding about with seemingly endless enthusiasm.
The school bus was slowing to stop at the corner when Tim screamed, “No! No, Black Jack, stop!”
But it was much too late.
The puppy ran out in front of the bus and the yellow painted juggernaut ran it over.

Had it killed the poor animal outright Josey would no doubt have less disturbed memories about the accident, but it didn't. The weight and size of the mammoth tire crushed the puppy flat across its midsection.
Black Jack howled in confused terror as blood and excrement was squished and squirted out of its body onto the pavement. The dog's midsection was flattened and deep tire tread marks were clearly visible in spite of the torn bloody fur.
It hadn't even been his dog and yet Josey couldn't help throwing up as his friend Tim ran home screaming.
The driver had obviously not been hired for her love of animals.
She only shrugged while opening bus door and said, “Shit happens. Let's get going.”


The feeling never changed with age. A fluttering swirly sickness filled his stomach and his throat felt like it was constricting to a point where it was nearly impossible to breathe. Josey was not the most tenderhearted man, but knew he had to go back to see that the jackrabbit was dead and not just laying in the road suffering. He reached for his crowbar and climbed out of the truck cab. The heavy four foot long rusty rod of metal was slightly moist from the condensation in the early morning air.
He walked back gripping it tightly in both hands. His throat constricted tighter with every step.
The smell of the giant septic tank attached to the back of the truck wasn't as bad as it would be in a few hours, once the New Mexico sun began cooking the contents. The truck held a large silver colored metal storage tank painted on both sides with a large cartoon skunk sniffing a bouquet of roses.
Some people back at the office referred to the giant septic tank draining trucks as 'honey wagons' but he never did. To Josey, it seemed pointlessly stupid. Draining septic tanks wasn't his first career choice but it was a job. A job he didn't really mind doing usually, and yet as he walked back to check on the jackrabbit he wondered how his life ever came to this point.
Standing in the middle of nowhere on a deserted road listening to the septic tank contents sloshing around from the sudden unexpected stop, Josey sighed. He didn't bother holding his breath as he continued back to the rear of the truck. Of course, he rarely noticed the aroma anyway. His sense of smell was so bad that he usually had to tell by other people’s expressions when he needed a shower. It was just another perk of having driven a septic tank truck for the last few years.
In the pale predawn, Josey saw the lump of fur just a few yards behind the truck. He swallowed hard and walked slowly closer. His hands shook as a part of his mind feared that the animal might leap up and bite him, giving him some nasty disease (maybe even rabies). He gripped the cold crowbar tightly but was ready to run back to the cab of his truck should it attack.
In the dim red glow of the taillights and the pale predawn it was hard for him to see the body very well.
He reached out to poke the furry lump with the crowbar before remembering the small flashlight tucked inside his coveralls pocket. Backing up a step, he pulled it out and clicked it on.
The white light shined on the cold black dusty asphalt. It illuminated a small shockingly bright red stream of blood flowing from the furry lump.
But is it still alive? He wondered, following the trail of blood with the beam of light until it showed a mass of glistening pink intestines and fur.

He felt his stomach bucking as his breakfast shot out his mouth. His whole body shuddered and shook as he vomited uncontrollably for several agonizing seconds. He turned off the flashlight while continuing to lose his breakfast. Some things, like vomiting, are best done in darkness. At least it's not as bad as throwing up drunk, he thought.


Before adopting his profession as a septic tank drainer, Josey briefly attended a university and knew all too well the unpleasantness associated with throwing up while drunk. A Toga party hosted by the football boosters was both the first and last time he'd ever gotten seriously drunk. He spent the afternoon at practice and by the time the coach let the team go the party was already in full swing. Most of the players went straight to the festivities, but the smart ones ate something before they began drinking.
Josey had not been one of the smart ones.
As a result of being raised in a strict Southern Baptist family, he was denied an education in alcohol that most of his Methodist friends were privy to. When he was a teenager, a big time with alcohol was limited to occasionally drinking a mixture of cough syrup and ginger ale.
His friends called the vile tasting concoction a Dr. Shirley Temple.
It was a nasty excuse for a cocktail, but on the plus side he never minded being home sick with a cold when he was a kid.
At the toga party he wore a large, mostly white, bed sheet with a few stains- the origins of which were best not considered. Josey made up for a 'wasted' nonalcoholic childhood and tried a little bit of everything. The football boosters set up tables with nearly every kind of liquor he could imagine and not a single cough syrup bottle was in sight. It was paradise.
A large mug of white wine was followed by a few shots of tequila, vodka, scotch, and gin, plus several plastic cups of beer from a keg were the last things he vaguely recalled about that night.
It wasn’t until several hours later that he realized drinking vast quantities of different types of alcohol on an empty stomach was not a particularly good idea. The next day, his friend Al Thompson showed him a video of his exploits from the night before that he'd uploaded to the Internet. Josey didn't remember standing on a table shouting that he was Zeus, but the video didn't lie. The vivid color quality was quite impressive as it showed him projectile vomiting on various football booster businessmen (most of whom were wearing very expensive looking suits) that also attended the toga party.


Leaning against the rear of the truck's tank, he finished losing his breakfast and then wiped his face with a handkerchief. He used the long crowbar to push the dead animal's carcass off to the side of the road before walking unsteadily back to the truck cab. Breathing hard and still trembling, he replaced the crowbar and climbed inside. At least the day can’t get much worse than this, he sincerely hoped.
After swishing the remaining coffee around in his mouth he spit it back in the cup and poured the foulness out the window. He restarted the engine and drove away trying to think of something, anything, other than the last few minutes.
”I tried to miss it. I really did,” he mumbled, as he drove past a closed convenience store and turned off the empty country highway onto a dirt road.
The truck rumbled past an old wooden sign rotted with decades of neglect. It had partly fallen over and the words Albuquerque Springs Trailer Park were painted on it. The words were faded and almost impossible to read at a casual glance. In fact, it had taken Josey three attempts before he finally discovered that's where the trailer park road was the first time he came for a pickup.
After almost two miles, he downshifted and began the steep run into the canyon.
Some people referred to it as a valley, but to him it always seemed more like a miniature Grand Canyon. From on top of the valley the first rays of the sun started to peek over the landscape. The sunlight reflected off the trailers below and he wondered how the place managed to stay in business at all. At the bottom of the valley, the park was large enough to accommodate several hundred mobile homes.
Decades earlier there used to be that many, but that was before the new interstate made the old dusty highway he’d spent the last thirty minutes navigating nearly deserted. Albuquerque Springs Trailer Park was one of the saddest looking places Josey ever visited. He tried to remember, Are there ten or eleven trailers with residents left?
Eight or nine trailers were full of illegal immigrants. They came from everywhere. There were people living there from all over South and Central America as well as Mexico. They lived together and saved money to send home to their families. One of the more artistic residents even made a large plywood sign, painted red, white, and green, and installed it on top of the first trailer. The sign read Welcome to NEW New Mexico.

Josey's throat tightened when another jackrabbit leaped across the steep road ahead and felt that deep heavy uneasy pain in his stomach again.
Who else was still down in the valley? He wondered and reached for another piece of gum. He chewed at the bitter tasting stuff wishing he could smoke, but knew it was dangerous in a truck carrying as much natural methane as his did. Glancing at the old tattered piece of paper someone had thoughtfully taped to the dashboard that had the words NO SMOKING! he shot it the birdie finger and considered those few people that still lived down in the valley.
There was an elderly man who was probably retired. Josey spotted him using a cane while walking a poodle near a bright shiny silver 1960's era trailer that had an American flag on a pole out front. The old man had seemed nice enough as they exchanged waves.
And then there was Mrs. Remlap. Josey shuddered at the thought of her. She was old, mean, ugly, and just plain rude. She always had a snide comment or sarcastic backhanded compliment for him. He trembled after remembering he had to see her this morning to pick up a payment for draining the park's septic tank.
Her house was hard to miss. It sat on the far side of the valley. It was a big, ancient, two story, termite infested, somewhat dilapidated looking structure. It always reminded him of a movie he couldn't remember the name of with the Bates Motel and some weird guy who dressed in his dead mom's clothes. The Remlap house was situated on a little bluff. Thirty or forty years earlier it may have seemed like a mansion, lording over its mobile home residents. But that early morning as he stared at the old house it was at best a depressing sight, at worst kind of frightening.

For an empty trailer park it sure is full of junk, Josey thought, looking at the piles of junk stretching across the valley floor.
There were shopping carts (some full of bits of metal that had probably been salvaged or stolen), stacks of recycled crumbly looking cinder blocks, bicycles, rusty barrels, an old Yugo car with a flame paint job along its sides, and just plain old trash scattered everywhere. There were also more than a few abandoned trailers, rusting cars, or pieces of cars, and lots of broken appliances. In many ways the whole trailer park looked more like a junkyard than a place people actually lived.
He finally noticed the birds while driving the last switch back on the steep road leading into the valley. Never before had he seen so many. The closest trailers, the ones the illegal immigrants used, were surrounded by thousands of the birds. There are some big ones too, he realized while staring at a giant buzzard or vulture sitting atop the nearest trailer. (He wasn’t sure which kind it was for sure, but thought it must have had a five foot wingspan)

Slowing to enter the trailer park gate, the truck passed between two old cars nearly blocking the road ahead. He wondered briefly if someone had crashed them together. One was a dark green station wagon, the other a big cargo van and both were older vehicles with beer cans and tequila bottles on the dashboard and scattered around them. The van had part of a broken utility pole leaning on its badly dented roof.
He stepped on the gas pedal when a man started to get out of the station wagon.
Josey didn't want to talk to a drunk first thing in the morning or really any other time of the day for that matter. The truck had gone a few hundred yards when he glanced in the rear view mirror and saw behind him several other men standing around the wrecked cars.
I sure hope they don't want a ride into town. After another minute he pulled the truck into the laundry building parking lot and flipped on the generator switch for the pumps. He slid on his thick dirty pair of leather work gloves. Climbing out, he reached for the thick smelly rubber hose and dragged it to the septic tank cap near the dilapidated laundry building. The roof had fallen in from disrepair long ago and Josey only shook his head as he worked to hook up the hose connections.
Sheets of paper fluttered in the wind on his clipboard while he looked them over. According to the invoice it'd been three months since the last pickup. After double checking the connections between the hose and truck he flipped on the pump.
He'd learned through an extremely messy way the undeniable need to always double check septic tank hoses. A couple of years earlier, after his probationary period was up, he'd felt cocky and confident when it came to his job. Until the infamous Vaughn incident, that is.


The Vaughn family had a custom built mansion located on the outskirts of Albuquerque. It had cost almost two million dollars and everything about it screamed money. They had stables, horses, a pool, and almost twenty acres of land north of town. The only thing they had gone cheap on was the septic tank system. When it backed up and began overflowing they called for help.
Josey was met by a valet that showed him a back road where his truck wouldn't be as noticeable by the wedding reception guests. Climbing out of the truck he heard music and laughter coming from the other side of a tall concrete wall which surrounded a large pool. The Vaughn’s wedding reception was in full swing as Josey ran the hose to their septic tank plug.
He heard someone giggle while making the final connections and turned around.
It was a pair of blonde girls that looked quite cute and he guessed they were about nineteen years old. They were wearing bikinis that left very little to the imagination and Josey smiled at them while wondering what kind of kinky wedding reception was going on. His heart almost stopped when they both smiled back.
They asked if he wanted anything to eat, and of course he said, “Yes”.
Before following them to the pool he flipped the pump switch on.
A minute later, Josey was filling a plate with food and swaying slightly to the music. He didn't immediately hear the screams that began growing in volume all around him. But when he turned back to the pool, with a piece of fried chicken clenched in his mouth, there was a spray of human bodily wastes splashing down from the sky.
The dozens of guests, most of the older ones dressed in expensive clothing, were splattered with a foul smelly concoction of septic tank contents. It was a bad day.
A faulty hose coupler was responsible for the fiasco. Luckily for Josey, the owner of the septic tank draining company already hated Jasper Vaughn, head of the Vaughn household, for a variety of previous business disagreements. If it had been any other customer than him Josey certainly would have been fired. As it was he was only lightly reprimanded by the owner who had a hard time keeping a straight face during his lecture on the importance of being more careful in the future.


The familiar chugging sound of the septic tank pumps made him feel better as he closed his eyes and leaned back against the big truck's storage tank. It was more than half full and the cool metal felt good on his back.
He made a mental note to buy more nicotine gum and gasoline after he left the trailer park.
Yawning hugely, he briefly considered getting his lunch out of the truck. But ultimately decided to wait since his stomach was still queasy from the unfortunate rabbit experience. He checked his clipboard and saw he only had three more pickups to do. After that he could go home and sleep for the rest of the day.
Josey had been draining tanks since a little after midnight that morning, but didn’t mind since it was much cooler working at night than in the unrelenting heat of the day.

A cloud of flies were attracted to the delicious aroma of the truck's contents and began congregating in greater numbers. He squinted and walked through the growing swarm of excited insects. When he could see clearly, he continued on toward the roofless laundry building. Looking through the doorway, he saw a big room about thirty by sixty feet. The walls were made of concrete blocks. A dark doorway was in the middle of the far wall. There were the old rusting remains of two dozen washing machines and driers, an old candy machine, a broken TV, lots of roofing shingles, rotted boards with rusty nails poking out of them, and a sizable collection of smashed bottles in the room.
What a nasty mess, he thought shaking his head. He imagined that years ago this was probably the safest place to be if a tornado was coming. But where do the people go today in a storm? Probably just hunker down and pray, he thought, looking up at the sky. It was a dark purple color to the west and as he looked back toward the rising sun he saw a deep blue sky making its entrance. Josey smiled, thinking, No tornadoes in sight, it's going to be a beautiful day.

Josey was still staring at the dark blue and purple sky when he heard the truck pumps chugging sound change pitch; it was sucking dry. The swarm of flies was more than he'd seen in a long time. He grumbled, “Damn, forgot to spray myself with bug spray. They're going to eat me alive.”
Pinching his nose shut (having learned long ago the hard way that flies will go up your nose if you don't) he ran for the truck. The flies were everywhere and piloting into his eyes, hair, ears, nose, and mouth. It was disgusting and they bit too. Squinting, he hurried through the cloud of flies until he found the pump switch and shut it off.
The pump fell silent.
The buzzing swarm of flies and the cawing sounds of birds mixed together in a way that made him feel momentarily confused and a little dizzy. Josey stumbled and ran back away from the truck to where the hose was still attached to the septic tank.
He ran into someone and heard them fall with a thud. The flies had thinned out enough for him to catch his breath and open his eyes. Quickly gasping for air, he looked down at the man he knocked over in his blind dash away from the flies. The man was face down on the ground wearing a torn long sleeved dirty blue and white checkered shirt, dirty blue jeans, red bandana, a greasy baseball cap, but no shoes.
Josey couldn't miss seeing that the man's bare feet were all scratched and covered in open cuts and lesions. He must be drunk, he realized, reached down to shake the man's shoulder and asked, “Hey, are you okay?”
The stranger got slowly to his hands and knees as Josey helped him stand up. His hand was only inches away when the man suddenly seized it with frightening strength. Josey gasped when he saw the man's bloody fingers and his skin which appeared grayish black and looked as if it had been torn at by dogs. The stranger’s fingernails dug into his hand and, even through the thick leather gloves, he felt them stabbing his hand.
“Hey! Damn it! Knock that shit off and let go, dick weed! “He yelled, yanking his hand free of his grasp. It was at that moment that he got his first look at the man’s face. Face? Well yes once it may have been a face, but now it looked a lot like what was left of the rabbit this morning (minus its furry cuteness.)
Josey squealed in a very unmanly fashion and gagged at the same time as he fell backward, shocked and nauseated.
The now standing man started to walk toward him.

Josey could often be heard to say, usually at a bar after a few drinks, “My momma raised a lot of Hell, but she never raised a coward who would turn tail and run from any man.” As Josey kept backing away thinking about that phrase. He decided he'd never use it again if he managed to survive the next few minutes. That boast sometimes ended a fight before it began. Although it sometimes set off a brawl if the other guy was a jerk that made some suggestion about other rather impolite things that Josey's momma used to do.
“Nope, never saying that again,” he muttered to himself and quickly turned to run. “Sonof-!” he shouted upon feeling and hearing his knee pop out of joint. It was the same exact agonizing pain as when it had hyper extended like it had the previous month while he'd been playing basketball. He fell onto the ground and screamed, “Damn it!” in blind pain, sprawled face down on the dusty pavement.
Flies buzzed and flew into his face making him gag. He exhaled forcefully through his nose, trying to evict the flies which had already started exploring his nostrils. In a normal situation he'd have taken the time to carefully pop the knee back in place, but under the circumstances he didn't think there was the luxury of time.
The disturbing looking stranger was on his feet grunting and moving toward him.
Rolling onto his back, Josey looked up as the man came closer. Clenching his teeth he pulled the disjointed knee with his hands and felt it 'pop' back into its proper place.

Knowing that it might 'pop' out of joint again, he pulled himself backward and scooted awkwardly across the dusty pavement on his butt. He was moving as quickly as he could toward the truck's cab as the stranger followed. More flies began investigating his mouth and nose.
Josey gave up worrying about them. (Yes, they were disgusting and unpleasant but there are only so many things a person can deal with at one time.)
The strange man followed while he searched his mind for a better or more accurate word. It may have been a man at one time. But now it was what... a monster? Okay sure, a monster, but what kind is he? Josey thought frantically, backing steadily toward the truck's cab unwilling to turn his back on the strange early morning monstrosity.
The man-like thing that walked toward him seemed to be smiling, yet the large patches of missing skin on his face made it hard to be certain.
Josey thought of those late night movies he’d watched as a kid after his parents thought he'd gone to sleep. What's that guy supposed to be, a frigging zombie? It can't be. A walking corpse is the stuff of nightmares and cheesy books, not a Monday morning at an old trailer park just outside of Albuquerque, yet here it is, he thought while frantically hoping everything going on was just a bad dream.
Josey gagged as he scooted back deeper into the swarm of flies. While they began flying in and around his mouth and nose in greater numbers, he felt almost certain this had to be a nightmare. His vision was obscured as he coughed and felt more nauseated while scooting away from the approaching figure. Not being able to see with the swarm of flies all around him, he reached up and felt for the truck's door handle. Gagging and spitting out flies, he painfully opened the door and managed to climb up into the truck cab. After slamming and locking the door shut, he noticed a good size cloud of ravenous flies were trapped inside the cab with him.
He grabbed the can of bug spray and didn't pause a moment to consider the label's dire warning printed in big red letters of using only in a well ventilated area. Instead, he quickly pressed the button and sprayed poison all over himself and the cab of the truck.
Josey coughed on the fumes as he wiped his face, and blew a few flies out of his nose into his handkerchief. He heard a tapping sound and saw the possibly undead man standing outside. His fingers were sliding all over the door's window, leaving dirty dark red blood trails on the glass.
“That's it! I'm leaving!” He shouted, starting the truck and wrestling the transmission into first gear. Swearing a mix of often used profanities, he glanced ahead and saw a group of men coming at a staggering trot. He didn't take time to count, but there had to be at least twenty of them and they were within a few seconds of reaching the truck.
As he got the transmission into gear, he yelled at the horde of apparent trailer park zombies, “Adios, Mother Fuckers!”
The truck lurched forward and died so suddenly and completely, he almost started to cry.
He thought maybe he had it in the wrong gear and looked down at the stick shift. But it was in first gear as he pressed down the clutch and tried to restart the engine.
“What the-?” he started to say, before slapping his forehead in realization. “The damn drain hose is still hooked up to the septic tank! Shit!” He swore while turning the key again. The engine sputtered yet most inconveniently refused to start. “Damn engine’s flooded. This is so fucked up,” Josey muttered, (never being known for understating the obvious) while continuing to turn the key with no success in starting the engine.

The men surrounded the truck cab and some climbed up onto the hood.
It's just like one of those stupid damn movies, he thought, while purposely not looking at their faces as his stomach churned uneasily. If he did look at them he knew he'd throw up again. What confused and frightened him, almost as much as their appearance, were the sounds coming from the mangled group of former men- that were now apparently zombies.
In most of the movies Josey had seen they were usually mute or moaning softly. But the undead men were mostly making a weird grunting noise or yelling and screeching. Those noises were accompanied by the sound of fists and scratching fingers as they continued to beat on the truck. A loud scream followed by several others, forced Josey to look around frantically.
The passenger side window was hit by a large brick and cracked.
Josey shouted, “Start, damn you!” as the engine continued to sputter.
A loud crashing sound filled the truck cab as the passenger side window was shattered into tiny pieces as the brick wielder swung again. In a matter of seconds, a thin wiry man was agilely crawling in through the broken window. He moved fast and screamed while scurrying across the bench seat toward Josey.
If he had a gun he would've happily shot him, but since all he had was a can of bug spray he used that. The poisonous spray coated the wiry man from his bleeding eyes to his mouth. The undead man momentarily appeared confused before tearing at his eye sockets while screaming and gibbering nonsensical sounds. Digging and scratching at his eyes with his fingernails, the wiry man howled louder as bright red blood began to flow down his cheeks.
Josey whacked him on the side of his head with the heavy metal toolbox, shouting, “No! Get out! No!”
The wiry man stopped screaming and tearing at his eyes. He shook his head and started crawling forward again, sniffing loudly, as blood continued to pour out of his ruined eye sockets.
That was more than enough for Josey. He snatched up his pack of nicotine gum and his toolbox before shoving open the driver-side door with as hard a push as he could manage. 
Several of the apparent zombies fell over backward and into others.
He climbed gingerly out favoring his bad knee and pulled his long crowbar from behind the driver’s seat. Using the crowbar as a cane, he limped shakily a few yards away and thought quickly about his extremely limited number of options. The Remlap house is much too far away but what about the trailers? He glanced over his shoulder at the old man’s silvery trailer and realized it was also too far (at least a quarter mile away and his knee was trembling and throbbing painfully even as he stood there.)
When the pack of undead surged toward him a few started screeching loudly and moved much faster than the rest, perhaps somehow sensing Josey's lack of escape options.
Out of choices, he was about to swing the crowbar at the nearest man when he remembered the laundry building. Josey limped backward and tried not to trip or hurt his knee any worse than it already was. He moved slowly but thankfully most of them were slower.
The man he sprayed had somehow gotten out of the truck and ran through the crowd of slower moving men. He barged forward, knocking a few of the others onto the ground as he came. Sniffing the air with great intensity, the blinded man clutched the can of bug spray in one hand.
Josey leaned against the big metal tank on the back of the truck. He swung and hit the fast moving blinded man with the crowbar. The iron bar struck him on the side of his head. It wasn't much of a hit, but the blinded man dropped the can of bug spray and fell back into the crowd of pursuers, causing several more to trip over his body. They fell into a snarling, biting, clawing mass of madness.
Multiple additional screams were coming from all directions, as the fighting continued, and Josey limped faster.

Stepping through the doorway of the dilapidated building, he tried to avoid the nails and boards which almost blocked the entry entirely. After hobbling inside, he tossed more boards and various other bits of junk into the doorway and looked quickly around the room. He saw the long row of washers and dryers and carefully made his way over to the old rusting machines. The dryers were much lighter than the washers, as he knew from his last job delivering appliances for Loco Larry's retail outlet in Albuquerque.
He yanked and pulled on one of them as he heard the boards and other debris in the doorway being pulled down and knocked aside. Grunting and tugging harder on the rusty machine, he felt it snag on the power cord. Glancing over his shoulder, he saw one of the men halfway inside the ruined building was crawling through the debris while others pushed and tried to climb over him.
“Come on you big bastard,” Josey grunted. When he felt the power cord finally rip away from the rusty machine, he heaved as hard as he could and sent the dryer flying through the air into the doorway.
It landed with a terrific metallic crash on top of the man who had been crawling inside.
He seized the next dryer in line, pulled harder and felt the cord again rip loose from the wall. (Hefting the dryer as a smaller man might toss a bale of hay, he threw it with fairly good accuracy on top of the other one in the doorway.) The door of the dryer sprang open and a somewhat faded multicolored collection of long ago abandoned panties and bras fell out.


Everyone thought being a big guy was a blessing, but Josey knew better. With the exception of being able to make a barricade out of a collection of rusty major appliances during a thankfully rare zombie attack, being a big man sucked. Standing over six feet tall he'd occasionally suffered back pains and even managed to throw it out completely a couple of times. Plus when you're tall, it's much farther when you fall down to the ground whether due to a bout of drinking or being surprised by a pack of apparent zombies in a dilapidated trailer park on a undeniably atypical Monday morning. Finally, there was Josey's most hated thing about being big and tall. There always seemed to be plenty of short bastards that wanted to impress someone by starting a fight to demonstrate how tough they were.
It was more annoying than anything else. Little guys would sometimes come up, bump into him on purpose, and try to start a fight when all Josey wanted was a few minutes to enjoy a beer or hang out with some friends at a bar. Typically, he always tried to follow the principle of live and let live. However, when pushed too far, Josey had many times managed to send several short guys, with apparent inferiority complexes, to various medical facilities.
Of course, Josey knew, the dirty little secret is that it's always a winning scenario for the little guy who gets a big guy to fight him. If the little guy wins it's always a David vs. Goliath victory. But even if he gets the snot kicked out of him, the little guy still can come away saying the big guy wouldn't have won if they'd both been the same size.


Josey limped back over to the doorway and spotted a man's head and groping arms under the bottom dryer. The men or zombies (Josey hadn't made up his mind regarding what exactly they were yet) were shoving the top dryer. Unless somehow braced in place it would soon slide off.
His knee still throbbed and shook unsteadily while he considered the much heavier washing machines. He was sure they’d never be able to move one of them. The only problem was if he tried to lift them he could hurt himself worse, and maybe even throw out his back. The all too horrifically plausible possibility of ending up lying on his back in a ramshackle building surrounded by dozens of zombies convinced Josey not to try it. He leaned his crowbar against the dryers in the doorway and quickly looked around the room.
The candy machine's front glass had long ago been broken out, but its large six by three foot metal frame seemed fairly sturdy if not overly heavy. After climbing over boards and broken glass he pulled on the big machine. It was heavier than it looked and hard to maneuver, but with the fear fueled adrenalin pumping through his system Josey somehow managed to push it over onto its side.
He was pushing the rusty machine toward the doorway when there was a metallic crash caused by the top dryer falling back into the building. With several feet left to reach the doorway, he saw a man already climbing over the bottom dryer with others pushing and starting to follow him inside.
“Come on, give me a break,” he muttered, realizing they'd be in the room before he got to the entrance unless he dealt with them first. He hobbled over to the dryers and picked up the crowbar that had fallen. Turning back to the doorway, he saw the first man fall into the room as two more climbed over the bottom dryer. The boards creaked and snapped as he gingerly crossed over them and swung the crowbar like a baseball bat. He aimed at the man that had already fallen into the room.
“Will you guys just drop dead!” he shouted, swinging the crowbar. It slammed into the man’s torso, simultaneously making a sickening crunch and a juicy wet sound.
The man flew backward and knocked one of the two men still climbing on the dryer back out through the doorway. The other fell into the laundry room and he recognized him as the stranger with the ruined bleeding eyes he'd doused in the truck with insect spray.

His sore knee started to spasm and he gasped in pain. Losing his balance, he fell toward the wall nearest the door. He dropped the crowbar, grabbed onto a board propped next to the wall to keep from falling and felt a rusty six inch nail pierce his hand. Screaming in pain, he looked at his leather gloved hand as several men outside the building shrieked as if in response.
“Shut the hell up!” He yelled, back through the doorway.
The bloody metal nail point poked out a couple of inches through the palm of his hand. As he stared at it, he no longer felt fear as much as a growing anger. Watching the blinded man stagger past him and deeper into the room, apparently unable to tell where he was, Josey bit his lip and yanked his hand back off the nail. He felt it slide sickeningly back through his flesh.
If all that happens to me today is Tetanus I'll be the happiest septic tank drainer in the whole damn world. Josey was growing tired. He was panting and reaching for the fallen dryer again when he felt something grasp a hold of his leg from behind. He fell with his back against the wall and barely avoided slamming his shoulder into the same nail protruding board. Looking down, he saw the man pinned under the dryer pulling on his right pant leg. The man couldn't stand or move much at all and yet held stubbornly on to his coverall pants. There was a glint of steel and Josey realized the crowbar was pinned half under its body.
“You won’t be happy until someone bashes in your damn head, will you?” He asked, grabbing the long board with the nail in it- careful not to stab himself again. Josey swung it at the man’s head. It hit with a loud cracking noise and his head split open like a rotten soft boiled egg.  A foul stench filled the air as his grayish green colored brains spilled through the shards of bone, which were all that remained of the skull. Josey felt his stomach almost heave again as he saw the others had already started coming back inside. He swung the board toward the entrance where the others were. It knocked them back through the doorway. He threw the board after them shouting, “Piss off! Go eat someone else! I saw some fat cripples in wheelchairs just down the road! Go get them!”
Grabbing onto the fallen dryer, he lifted it using his good leg as much as possible and crammed it tightly into the doorway. He wedged it in hard so it wouldn't slip off as easily as before. Taking a minute, he double checked the man who had made it in with his mangled eyes. He was on his back making pitiful grunting noises several yards away, apparently having fallen over some debris and getting himself stuck. Josey ignored him and limped slowly back to the candy machine. As he reached out to grab it he noticed his right glove had begun dripping red splotches of blood and his hand felt numb. Swearing a long stream of colorful profanities, he pushed the machine the last few feet and propped it against the dryers in the doorway. Still not satisfied with the improvised barricade, he jammed boards against both the candy machine and the dryers.

After another few minutes of work on the doorway, he retrieved his crowbar and went over to the blind man tangled in the debris of the collapsed roof.
He never imagined it possible to feel pity for a zombie. But as he stared down at the sightless man yelping and pulling fruitlessly at his bleeding leg, which was entangled in some electrical wiring and rafters scattered on the floor, he couldn't help himself. He heard the men outside, mostly grunting and snorting. Others continued to scream as they pounded at the barricade while he looked down at the closest one and studied him. Josey couldn't help being reminded of the rabbit he'd killed earlier.
The man with the ruined eyes continued to try and get loose from the debris while yelping almost like a pitiful animal caught in a trap.
There was a thought itching at the back of Josey’s mind as he stared down, yet he couldn't make it clearer no matter how hard he tried. He sneaked over to the yelping zombie, raised the crowbar, and prepared to crush his head. His shadow fell on the man's horribly mangled bleeding face and it turned to look up at him ‘unseeing’, but staring nonetheless. The sickening thought finally clarified as the crowbar smashed his head and blood flowed. He wasn't a zombie. He was alive!
He saw the tears that had been leaking from the man's ruined eye sockets, down his cheeks, as he pulled the crowbar out with a disturbing crackling of bones. He wiped the blood off on the dead man’s shirt and felt his stomach rumbling and his throat tightening. “I will not throw up,” he whispered.

Looking up at the flawless blue sky, he took several deep breaths then picked up his toolbox and sat down on a washing machine. From the box he pulled out a small first aid kit and found the antibiotic cream and bandages. Having dealt with all kinds of septic tank related jobs over the last few years, Josey knew all too well the importance of having a good first aid kit when working in the field.
After painfully removing his glove he tried to ignore the sounds of the men scratching, grunting, screaming, and beating on the barricade. Popping a fresh piece of nicotine gum in his mouth, he bandaged his hand while trying to figure out what was going on. He remembered seeing a few of the men outside were missing fingers, hands, arms or huge strips of flesh from their bodies, yet they hadn't been bleeding.
Are they all alive? Are they dead and yet able to bleed? Are they somewhere in between? His mind swirled, but no matter what explanation might be he realized the why was far less important than the how. How the heck am I going to get out of here?

After wrapping the bandage tight, he leaned his head back against the wall and tried to think.  He pulled his cell phone out of his khaki colored coverall's pocket and flipped it open. The little screen displayed the words NO SIGNAL. He flipped it shut and looked over the top of the walls of the ruined building, at the high hills on all sides of the valley, and wondered, What do I do now?


CHAPTER 2
Grandpa & Billy

“Grandpa, look, there's a truck over there!” A little boy with blond hair that hadn't been combed for several days shouted.
The old man opened his eyes instantly. Half awake, he climbed out of his recliner and used his cane to shuffle as fast as he could over to the window. He stood behind the boy patting him on the shoulder and absently ruffled his blond hair. “So we've been rescued, have we?” He asked, reaching for his binoculars and peering in the direction the boy pointed. He spotted a large truck parked by the old laundry building. It was surrounded by a substantial crowd of undead and insane people. Most of them were beating and pressing on the doorway which seemed to be blocked by something.
Whoever was in the truck must now be in the building or dead, he theorized.

The living room of his trailer was mostly lit by sunlight shining through the windows, supplemented by a few fruit and flower scented candles his wife had bought years before. The aroma was bitter sweet as it reminded him of his lifelong love who had passed away almost fifteen years earlier. The candles always made him miss her when they were lit. Nonetheless, considering the foul stench that drifted through the open windows, he felt a few melancholy memories were worth the price of reducing or at least partially covering the foul stench of his putrescent neighbors.

In the murky light, the young boy's blue eyes appeared sunken and exhausted as he watched his grandfather stare across the trailer park. The boy had been going to the kitchen to get another glass of water and continue his so far fruitless search for the animal crackers his grandfather had hidden when he spotted the big truck that hadn't been there earlier. He looked at the old man leaning on his cane. The elderly man had shrunk over the decades of retirement until he was just barely a foot taller than his grandson. But, he was still the world’s greatest Grandpa in the boy's slightly biased opinion.
It wasn't often that his mom would drive all the way from Las Cruces to let him stay with him, but he loved it even if it was just for a few days. Sometimes she'd let him stay for a whole week. Whenever she asked if he wanted to visit, the boy was always happy about the prospect. His grandfather sometimes recounted cool gory stories about World War II and how people he actually knew died in a fascinating variety of ways.
One of Billy's favorite tales was how his grandfather's sergeant, “a real limp noodle” whatever that meant, had been run over by a Nazi tank from the feet up. It had been sort of like watching toothpaste when the tube is squeezed except it was the man’s mouth that first blood then internal organs squirted out of. Billy always remembered that description when he was about to brush his teeth. As he squeezed the toothpaste tube he'd make quiet screaming sounds and would always laugh when his mom asked why he did that. He loved the stories, but knew if she ever found out about them he'd probably never get to visit again. His mom was just weird that way.
“Does this mean we're going to get out of here now?” The boy asked, looking up with eyes filled with hope for the first time in three long days.
“I told you we would, didn't I, Billy Boy?” The old man whispered then coughed softly. He lowered the binoculars and patted the boy’s hair with his bony warm fingers that smelled of some kind of muscle ache cream. Staring at the distant truck, he sat down on one the kitchen chairs and absently chewed at his bottom lip.
“Can we go get ice cream and cake for my birthday now? I'll be ten years old and mom will be coming back to get me, right grandpa?”
Colonel William Lester, retired, only nodded and smiled at his grandson as he considered their situation. We've got three bullets, a pack and a half of cigarettes, and almost no food left. Can we wait until someone notices the missing truck driver? Can we wait until Cheryl comes to get Billy? Dare I let her drive into this mess?
Of course, if it hadn't been for her irrational and infuriating hatred of guns I could have taken care of this nightmare myself before it had come to this point.

She had laid an ultimatum on her elderly father when Billy had been outside playing with his poodle, Gretchen.
His whole frail body shook in barely contained rage as he remembered her, hands on big hips, looking down and lecturing him; her own father.
“Guns kill people, dad! I still can't believe that you gave him that damn BB rifle last summer, but get this straight- I will not let him stay here unless you put your guns in the trunk of my car. Get your shotgun and the rifle then you two can have a nice visit, and I won't be constantly worried about him while I'm at work all week.
You know how curious he is about guns, and you know it’s irresponsible to have him in a house full of dangerous weapons. How would you feel if he blew off his foot or, God forbid, killed himself while playing? Dad, you know how I feel about any guns in general and you're really too old to use yours anyway. You need to understand that I will not stand for you needlessly endangering my son. Now, march in there and bring them out- all of them!”

What else could he do?
He'd marched inside, cane in hand, and surrendered. He'd fought three long grueling years, in the deserts of North Africa, The Beaches of Normandy, even survived The Battle of the Bulge, and yet who finally made him surrender and give up his guns? It was Cheryl; his very own bleeding heart well meaning idiot of a daughter.
He'd managed to keep his grandson alive since his neighborhood somehow turned into a nightmare. But if not for his questionable memory they'd probably be dead or worse. When his daughter had seized his guns, he'd entirely forgotten about his old Colt .45 service pistol that was buried under old clothes in a steamer trunk.

He shuddered and shook his head feeling exhausted and sleepy, but didn't want to sleep anymore. His dreams had been made up entirely of horribly realistic nightmares since last Friday. They were always the same general scenario with only occasional slight variations. Unlike his usual dreams, which he normally forgot before he got up to brush his teeth, the recent nightmares seemed to have been branded into his waking thoughts. The visions were so real, vivid, horrible, and plausible that he could rarely spend an hour without the images replaying like daydreams- only they were more like day nightmares. He'd be thinking about nothing in particular when they would sneak in and hijack his conscious mind.
Billy would be playing and accidentally make a noise too loud, and they'd burst into the trailer. They'd push him aside and rip and tear at his young grandson. He'd be screaming, as they tore and bit him. And when they were done Billy would be dead and yet somehow not. He would come to his grandfather smiling. Then the boy he loved more than anyone else in the world would bite and tear his ancient feeling body to shreds.

“Grandpa, I'm hungry. Can I have some breakfast?” Billy asked, having lost interest in staring at the truck glittering in the early morning sunlight.
He nodded and went about getting them some oatmeal and a can of juice, while he continued thinking. Could it really have only been what... three or four days ago when all this started?
He remembered the memorial the neighbors held late Thursday night. Juan died while working at Beaumont Bio-Chemical Industries in town. From what little he learned, Juan died after being overcome by fumes and passing out inside one of the giant metal vats he cleaned. Some technician apparently thought it was ready for use again and switched on the chemical mixing storage tanks that fed into the vat Juan was in.

No one who worked with him was told what chemicals or other things he came into contact with- only that they should leave his body in the large black plastic tarp that had been duct taped shut. The company's private security agents ordered all employees at the accident site to leave while they dealt with the 'situation'. The factory supervisor, named Keck, paid off the other illegal immigrant workers that also lived in the trailer park. He gave them ten crisp new hundred dollar bills to keep the incident quiet and get rid of the body without calling the cops.
At least, that’s what Maria had told him.

The old man looked up toward Mrs. Remlap's house located on the small hill about a mile and a half away and hoped that she made it there safely. While young enough to have been his own granddaughter, he was still a man and like all men appreciated a beautiful girl when he saw one.
Maria was born in Texas and came to the trailer park, along with her younger brother Miguel, a few years earlier. Blessed with the face of an angel, she had sparkling green eyes and long silky dark brown hair. She never told him her age, but he guessed she might be twenty-one at most. Being a man, he'd thought about her many times yet never in a serious way. The fantasies were just an occasional pointless pleasant daydream.

She left the previous night an hour after nightfall.
He remembered watching her run toward the distant house as their disturbing neighbors grunted, growled, and prowled about in the darkness.
She made him feel old and worthless when she left, yet he knew something had to be done and he couldn't do it.

He bent over and coughed as the water boiled atop the propane powered stove, and cursed himself for being so ancient and nearly helpless. Watching the pan of water boil, he poured the dry oatmeal out of little paper packets into two plastic bowls. He slipped on the oven mitt that had a smiling cartoon devil imprinted on it with the words 'Hot enough for ya?' before pouring the water into the bowls. He stirred the oatmeal for a few seconds and remembered how terrified Maria had been when she came over, early last Friday morning, half dragging Miguel who was dazed and confused.
It took several minutes to get her to stop crying and speaking rapidly in Spanish. He knew enough to know something really bad had happened, but that was all. Eventually she calmed enough to try and explain, in English, what was going on.
Nearly everyone had gotten very drunk, Thursday evening. Juan's body was removed from the heavy black plastic tarp as the men began to drink. They laid him outside on a picnic table which had been covered with a white sheet. She'd placed several lit votive candles all around his body.
The digging of a shallow grave was started earlier in the evening, but as more men started drinking it remained unfinished. She’d prayed and talked with Juan's little brother, Chico, for awhile then sent him to bed early because the men began to get drunk and into fights. One of them had stopped at a liquor store on the way back home and bought two cases of Tequila, “to send off Juan properly,” he said smiling foolishly.
She’d gone to bed just after Chico, and stayed up late saying prayers for Juan's soul before eventually falling asleep.

She awoke early Friday morning to the sounds of screams and gunshots. After making sure her bedroom door was locked, she quickly dressed and peeked out a window. Blood covered most of the white sheet on the empty picnic table while her friends and neighbors were running in all directions. A few men were using guns and knives, but the vast majority were hitting, clawing, and biting at each other.
She watched in shock as an old man screamed and hacked seemingly randomly at his neighbors with an old, rusty, blood stained, machete.
Next door, Juan's little brother Chico came out of his trailer. He looked on in bewilderment as the men wrestled, fought, bit, ran, and screamed all around him. The large group of blood splattered men bit and clawed at each other like a pack of wild rabid dogs. She'd once seen crazed dogs behaving the same way on the outskirts of a small town where she lived as a young girl.
Chico's expression was understandable horror at first as he stared at the bloody chaos, but it quickly changed to a look of pure wonder as he ran through the groups of men who seemed to have all gone insane.
She looked to where he was running to and screamed. It simply was not possible.
Juan was longer resting on the table as any respectable corpse should do. Instead, he was walking unsteadily, arms outstretched, toward his little brother.
She heard a shotgun blast and some pellets struck the window, and yet she could not look away as the brothers moved through the madness toward each other.
Juan was alive and yet, not really.
She saw his eyes were vacant and his clothes were soaked with blood. As he walked past her window she couldn't help noticing the huge, ragged, bloody holes on his back where his shirt had been shredded by bullets exposing bits of bone and torn meat underneath.
“Oh God,” she'd said to the old man between sobs while recounting the event, “Juan was dead, but was still moving.”
Chico ran and embraced his big brother, hugging him tight, as tears of joy flowed down his face.
She stayed at the window, unable to look away, as Juan bit into his little brother's neck and tore away a large strip of flesh. The boy screamed and pulled away as Juan chewed and swallowed his brother's flesh. Running for an old Chevy van, Chico weaved his way through several other men who were fighting as blood began to soak his shirt. Holding his bleeding neck with one hand, he climbed inside and managed to get the van started. The tires spun in the dust as he drove erratically toward the trailer park's exit.

Hoping she might catch him and get a ride away from the madness that had overtaken her neighbors, she ran to the back door. The van's brakes could be heard squealing momentarily followed by several loud crashes of metal.
The van sideswiped a car that was coming in from town and swerved into a wooden utility pole that ran alongside the road. The pole snapped and fell on the roof of the van, shattering the windshield and crushing part of its roof.
Maria ran out the back door just as the electricity blinked out. Running toward the wrecked cars she saw Juan and several others also heading in that direction. They were all bloody. Some were just grunting and moving slowly, but several were running very fast- screaming or making loud snarling noises as they hurried toward the wreck. With a burst of speed, inspired by genuine terror, she ran faster and managed to get to the cars first.
Maria found her brother Miguel in the station wagon's backseat and tried to shake him awake, while shouting to the other men to hurry and get out before they got there. One of the older men in the backseat got out and told her to go phone for help.
Looking over her shoulder, she saw him get out of the car and start walking toward Juan and the others asking, “What is happening?”

Gustav had come to America from El Salvador more than twenty years earlier, and not since his time spent with the Communist Guerillas had he seen so much blood. He helped plan and execute dozens of attacks against the government for the sake of the revolution.
The badly wounded and dazed men walking and running toward him did not frighten him. They were his friends and neighbors. As he approached them he only wondered, What had happened?
His good friend Loco Perro, aka Crazy Dog, was running toward him screaming. His amigo was always there when he needed someone to talk with, and Gustav held out his arms to his old friend. He heard the girl behind him yelling at the men to run, but knew women always overreacted when things get rough in life. It wasn't till Loco Perro leaped through the air and tackled him that he realized the girl hadn't been over reacting at all.
While Maria pulled the barely conscious Miguel out of the car, Gustav began to scream behind her. Not looking back, she yelled at the other men to get out of the car and run. She half carried, half dragged, Miguel to the silver trailer with the American flag outside as more screams and growls echoed behind her. She knew Colonel Lester would help.

With badly trembling hands, the old man set the steaming bowl of oatmeal in front of Billy and looked back at the truck in the distance. The temperature was already warming up so he made sure all the windows were open (hoping for an elusive breeze) and glanced at the thermometer hanging on the kitchen wall. It was eighty two degrees and it wasn't even 9 o'clock yet. There was a slight breeze coming from the west. It was hot but better than nothing.
He couldn't decide which he missed more- his guns or the electricity. Living in New Mexico in July with no air-conditioning could be every bit as deadly as the creatures wandering around his neighborhood. He'd seen proof of it more than a few times over the decades.

He thought about all the people he'd known who died during heat waves since he and his wife settled there back in the early 1960’s. He guessed the number of deaths had to be somewhere near a hundred. Looking across the dusty street, he remembered when they found Kim Mendez's little girl back in the summer of 1982. She'd been the sweetest eight year old child. Every spring she'd sell cookies and later set up a lemonade stand in front of her trailer during the summer. He closed his eyes and could see her long light blonde hair, ever present smile, sparkling green eyes, and shuddered as he remembered the day she had turned up missing.

The lemonade stand was still in front of her parent’s trailer, but the pitcher was empty and paper cups were scattered around the yard and street as he walked over. Kim had been yelling for at least twenty minutes for her daughter to come home. She had a worry-filled look on her face as he walked over to find out what was going on.
“It's Sarah. I haven't seen her for hours. We came back from the grocery store around noon. Sarah had been selling lemonade all morning. She used up all the lemons and we went to the store to get more, but where is she now? Have you seen her?” Kim asked, looking around nervously.
“I haven't seen her since this morning when I bought two cups of lemonade. Did you look for her inside the trailer, everywhere?”
She gave a withering look that made him step back, then let loose a loud yell, “Sarah Dania Mendez! You come home right now!”

It wasn't as bad then as it is nowadays with perverts seemingly prowling every street corner. But after a while with the neighbors and their kids fruitlessly searching everywhere for the little girl, Kim finally phoned the police and her husband Jake.
As the sun began to set people started whispering, “kidnapping” and deputies asked neighbors to let them search their trailers. Most readily agreed and those who didn't were silently considered possible suspects.
The retired Colonel Lester let the sheriff set up a command post in his trailer and offered to help in any way he could. She was a sweet girl who reminded him of his own daughter, Cheryl, when she’d been young. A quartet of bloodhounds eventually was brought in and began sniffing for any signs of the missing girl.
Jake asked Kim if there was any more lemonade still in the house, gesturing to the empty pitcher sitting on the small wooden table with the misspelled sign still taped to the front Lemonaids 25 cents a cup.
She gave him a look that strongly suggested she'd kill him for suggesting something so stupid if there weren't dozens of law enforcement officials nearby.
“It's not for me, honey. The police have been searching for hours and they’ve got to be getting thirsty,” Jake said defensively.
Kim picked up the pitcher and went in the trailer. She was only gone for a moment before she came back out again, still clutching the empty pitcher, and stared at her car parked in the driveway. She had the most horrible look on her face as she gazed at the car with impossibly wide open eyes.
Colonel Lester was talking with Jake when a bloodhound sniffed at the car and howled. The howl was loud, long, and felt mournful. But it was overpowered by Kim's scream as she ran to the trunk and unlocked it while still clutching the empty pitcher in her other hand.
Turning the flashlight he was holding, he saw Sarah huddled in the trunk with a bag of spilled lemons scattered around her body. He only had a second to glimpse her before the deputies pushed him back.

Colonel Lester had seen more than his share of dead people during his time in the military. He thought he'd seen the worst ways to die imaginable- Men blown quite literally to shreds of little more than strips of smoking flesh. Others were burned, stabbed, and maybe hundreds shot to death, yet none shocked him more than seeing Sarah.
Her skin was a dark mottled purple blue color and her open eyes were no longer green. They were a glazed over grayish white. It wasn't her face that still sometimes haunted his dreams, it was her small fingers. She must have tried clawing open the trunk.
Later, he heard through a neighbor that the police found scratches, scrapes, and long paint like smears of blood on the inside of the trunk lid. The same neighbor was good friends with one of the detectives who worked on the investigation. The official theory was that the girl had climbed into the trunk to retrieve the bag of lemons while her mother carried the other groceries into the trailer. As she climbed in, the trunk lid must have slammed shut- perhaps by a stray breeze. The lid probably knocked her temporarily unconscious.
Evidence found during the autopsy indicated she had received a concussion. How long she managed to stay alive after regaining consciousness was estimated to be no more than thirty minutes, due to lack of air coupled with the extreme heat.

Staring at the empty lot where their trailer used to be, the elderly man watched a few of his neighbors staggering around. Some were chasing after a few of the birds that had taken up residence in the valley since last Friday. He looked at his holstered Colt .45 semiautomatic strapped to his hip, with its last three bullets, and pushed back the thought that sometimes made him feel he'd gone insane.
If the undeniably berserk murderous people outside managed to break into the trailer he'd have no choice. He'd be forced to kill his own grandson.
He may have been old, but he was no old fool. After hearing Maria's account about everything that had happened and watching the men wandering, screaming, fighting, and prowling around for the last few days he knew what they were. As hard as it was for him to come to grips with, he knew they weren't just insane, homicidal, people- they were zombies or at least some of them were.
He trembled and took his hand off the pistol. The old man ate a spoonful of warm oatmeal and smiled at Billy.
He was horrified that the boy might somehow suspect that he was saving the last bullets for him. An uninvited image came to him as he swallowed, and he nearly choked. The vision of his nearly ten year old grandson with a bullet hole in his angelic face was so vivid and realistic he was afraid he might throw up.
“Are you alright, grandpa?” Billy asked from across the table.
“Fine as frog hair,” he lied, looking out the window as he sipped some water, again wishing he hadn't listened to Cheryl about the guns. If he hadn't found his old service pistol they would surely have been dead or undead days ago. If I just had more bullets for it, he thought bitterly, just a box of frigging bullets; I could sit here inside my trailer and put an end to this living nightmare within twenty, maybe thirty minutes.
He glanced over the darkened large wooden consoled television and saw some of the awards he'd earned for marksmanship hanging on the wall.
While it was true he hadn't entered a shooting contest since Ronald Reagan had served his first term, he practiced target shooting up until about ten years ago. He absently fiddled with the leather strap on the gun holster and his eyes drifted shut.

First, he'd tried calling the police, but as soon as he realized the power and phone lines were down he went and dug through his old steamer trunk. He hadn't been sure if he'd given his pistol to Cheryl as well. After a few frantic minutes of panic fueled searching, he found it tucked in its leather holster under some racy National Geographic magazines- he hadn't looked at for over a decade- and strapped it on. It felt heavier than he had remembered, yet it also felt very good and reassuring.
Maria had been jabbering rapidly in Spanish pointing out the window.
His eyesight hadn't improved with age, and he looked on the shelf where he usually kept his binoculars. They hadn't been there- right next to the porcelain figurines his wife had collected over their thirty years of marriage. Then he remembered Billy had been playing with them the night before. Quietly, he crept into the spare room and saw the boy was still asleep. But he quickly spotted the binoculars on his bedside table. Billy muttered in his sleep and he silently cursed Cheryl for having taken all his other rifles and guns.
When he got back to the living room the old man trained his binoculars on the front of the park. There were two cars smashed together, with steam rising from one of them, and a broken utility pole atop a rusty cargo van. But he couldn't make sense of everything else he was seeing. It looked like there were people giving others CPR, but the people on the ground were struggling and trying to push off their rescuers. He remembered staring, still trying to comprehend what he was seeing, when Maria started to talk slowly. “They are monsters. Juan is a monster. Now the others are monsters. What can we do?”

Her brother Miguel woke up about that time and looked around in confusion. He asked what was going on.
She spoke rapidly in Spanish and Miguel listened for less than a minute before saying, “No” over and over while shaking his head. He was sweaty and from the look of him he'd been up all night working in one of the factories downtown- probably at the infamous Beaumont Bio-Chemical Industries.
He appeared genuinely embarrassed and apologetically said, “We go home now. I'm so sorry we bothered you, colonel.” Miguel stood and took Maria's hand. He tried to pull her toward the door, but she was in tears speaking faster and pointing to where the wrecked cars were.
“Listen Miguel, I think maybe you should go over first and see what’s going on. It’s probably nothing except a car wreck, but she seems pretty scared. She can stay here while you go check it out, if you want.” As he spoke she seized his hand and wouldn't let go. “I really think she wants to stay.”
Miguel shrugged and went to the door as Maria pleaded, “No, no, no,” and some other Spanish words the old man couldn't understand.
Miguel smiled down at her, and said, “Do not fear. I'll be right back.”

The colonel watched through his binoculars while she sat on the couch praying. She held her Crucifix and recited prayers quickly and fervently, as he observed Miguel walk toward the wrecked cars. The young man went quickly until he got within about a hundred feet, and then slowed considerably before eventually stopping.
Miguel scratched his head, turned and looked back at the trailer briefly, before bending over and picking up a big piece of wood. When he continued forward he was walking much slower, and holding the piece of wood like he was ready to hit someone.
But the old man couldn't see anyone moving toward Miguel.
He walked a few steps closer. Some of the men that had been kneeling on the ground by the bodies stood up and started running and screaming toward him.
Miguel was a smart young man and ran back to the trailer.

Colonel Lester looked at the old, badly rusted, almost comically inadequate, four foot high chain link fence that encircled his front yard. It was mainly bought so his poodle Gretchen could be let outside to do her 'business' as his wife Barbara used to say. Plus, the poor dog had been nearly blind and even older in dog years than he was. Gretchen also had a habit of wandering around the trailer park and getting herself lost. The fence wasn't even close to being the best barricade in the world, yet the zombies didn't seem smart enough to devise a way to climb over or break through it.
A couple of crazed men had been running after Miguel and inadvertently flipped over it into his yard. Under other circumstances he would have laughed as they somersaulted over the fence, but their growls and screams kept it from being even slightly funny.
When the men who tumbled over the fence jumped up and ran toward him he fired twice. With the first two shots he had aimed center mass and hit them, but they merely staggered back for a second and then kept coming. The next two shots took them down permanently as he aimed for their heads.
Miguel made it back and ran through the open gate in the fence. He was pursued by several other fast moving men. As he ran into the yard holding a broken baseball bat, Gretchen ran out of the trailer barking ferociously and distracted the pursuers who had come through the gate before Miguel had a chance to shut it.

The old man looked out the window at his beloved Gretchen's remains, which consisted of just a few tufts of blindingly white fur. It was blown sluggishly in the slight early morning breeze. She must have been the stupidest dog in the world. But she probably saved Miguel's life, he thought, sadly. She had gone outside barking and running circles around the other zombies as they got closer.
The few men who had made it into the yard were confused and distracted by the dog while Miguel dispatched one with a tremendous swing of the broken baseball bat- shattering its skull in a spray of blood, bones, and brains.
He'd almost shot the man that was tearing his dog to pieces. But many others were seemingly attracted by the dog's howls of agony. It was perhaps the hardest thing in his life for the old man to not shoot them. But he knew there were just a precious few bullets left.
The dog’s howls and cries still echoed in his ears as he suspected they would until the day he died. He'd kept a wary eye on Gretchen’s remains out of fear she might come back from the dead too. Thankfully, what was left of her body just rotted in the sand and dirt after the others devoured the rest of her.

They'd been staying quiet and hadn’t gone outside at all for the last few days. It had been hard on both of them, but for his grandson it had been sheer agony. In addition to everything else, Billy was almost ten years old which is a hard age to remember to be quiet under the best of circumstances. But when you're stuck in a trailer with nothing to do except sweat and listen to real life monsters prowling around outside, it was nothing less than torture.
He'd tried every trick he could think of to keep the boy's spirits up- even filling the bathtub with cool water and letting him sit in it during the hottest part of the day. He tried telling him some of his war stories about how hot it was in North Africa during the war. “And we don't even have people shooting at us here.” He'd tried joking with Billy.
The boy wasn't amused. All he knew for certain was that there were bad guys outside and that he and his grandpa had to stay inside all day, every day, and be extra quiet.

The old man was worried about his grandson. He wondered if he was going to be mentally alright even if they were eventually rescued. Sometimes the boy would just stare out the window for hours watching the undead.
Billy scared him the day before when he started laughing and pointing to where a man with a missing arm and several missing fingers on his remaining hand chased after a vulture that had a broken wing.
It reminded the colonel a little of when he was a boy and visited his aunt and uncle's farm in Kansas. He always volunteered to help with dinner if chicken was on the evening menu. Back then there were no corner supermarkets. If you wanted chicken for dinner you had to chop its head off with a hatchet.
His aunt would always watch to make sure he didn't accidentally hack off his fingers or a hand.
Sometimes, after he made the cut, the headless bird would start to run around the barnyard. When that happened, she would always scream and flee back into the house while he laughed like it was the funniest thing he'd ever seen- which it was.

Billy finished his oatmeal and was playing with his blocks on the kitchen table.
His grandfather thought this was fine to do as long as he didn’t build a tower of blocks that would crash down and inevitably attract attention from outside. He looked at the boy as he played with his blocks.
He built a house with a ring of blocks around it and placed a little plastic soldier figure on top of the blocks. It was one of those green plastic army men aiming forward with a rifle with the soldier down on one knee.
Billy then placed several plastic Indian figures around the ring of blocks and started scooting them slowly around them, making soft grunting noises. Then he had the Indian figures push through the ring of blocks and pointed the army man at each of them in turn.
Billy whispered, “Pow, pow, pow,” and with each pow he thumped one of the Indians over with his fingertip.

Colonel William Lester, retired, recipient of the Bronze Star, survivor of three years of active duty fighting to put an end to the plans of the Third Reich, father of three grown children and five grandchildren, turned his head away before his youngest grandson could see the tears of frustration and self loathing trickling down his face.


CHAPTER 3
Josey Meets Boris

Nicotine gum. Was there ever a nastier tasting substitute for a cigarette? Josey wondered, as he methodically chewed. It tasted like an old sock (like the ones he'd find sometimes that fell behind the dryer months earlier) or so he imagined. It was better than nothing, but Josey still wished he'd thought to grab the cigarettes that were in the truck's glove box. As far as he was concerned The United States Surgeon General can kiss my pimply ass because this morning, lung cancer is definitely the least of my worries.
Sitting on a rusty washing machine he leaned back and rested his head against the cinder block wall, and gazed up at the cloudless blue sky.
Birds flew by making loud cawing noises, as the grunts and growls continued from outside the doorway.
He thought of all those years wasted playing video games, many of which dealt with battling zombies, which in the present situation didn't seem particularly helpful. (Ironic perhaps- but not at all helpful) In games and movies there were always plenty of guns, ammunition, and first aid kits, just waiting for someone to wander by and pick them up. In reality, all he had to work with was a ruined laundry building minus a roof, a few rusting major appliances, and a four foot long crowbar.
All things considered I'd rather be at home with my air conditioner, maybe a pizza, a few icy cold cans of beer, and the undead monsters safely trapped inside my TV.
He reached into his coveralls pocket and pulled out his cell phone despite strongly suspecting what he would see again. He looked at the words NO SIGNAL on the phone's tiny screen and laughed. While staring at the phone, he wished that annoying guy from those commercials for some cell phone company that asked, “Can you hear me now?” was there.
He'd shove the damn phone down his throat and smile while doing it. He closed his meaty fist around the phone and was ready to throw it at the barricaded door when it started to ring.
His heart pumped hard as he flipped it open, and shouted, “Hello! Hello!”
He listened intently but heard no one. Looking back at the screen he felt like an idiot. It was a reminder alarm that had gone off, not a call. The message that he'd made himself said, Take pills w/lunch. It was a simple task but only if he could stroll to the truck, open the glove box where the pills were, and grab his lunchbox- without being killed and eaten by a mob of psychotic freaks that were mixed in amongst a group of undead zombies.
He felt tempted to throw the phone again, but decided to give it a reprieve and slid it back into his pocket. The nearest cell tower was twenty miles away and the fact he was sitting in a deep valley didn't help reception either.

I'm only twenty four years old. Whoever heard of a guy in his twenties taking blood pressure medicine anyway? What I really need is some beer, or a bottle of brandy, or a case of beer and brandy. I could get drunk as the proverbial skunk and wait for the cops or army to come in and deal with this mess. He pictured a pleasant possible future as he closed his eyes- A flight of helicopters, a few tanks and a mess of soldiers with some bad ass zombie blasting guns would easily be enough to deal with the mess. When the shooting was over and done with he'd come out as a heroic survivor of an undead uprising. Maybe girls would send him love letters- perhaps a few enclosing photos of themselves naked. People had been made into heroes for a lot less. The newspapers would probably show him holding his trusty four foot long crowbar, with his bandaged knee under a big headline reading- Truck driver wins battle against army of undead.
Gradually the smile faded as he considered a few other far more likely possibilities. I could rot out here with no food or water. I could be dead in just a couple of days.
Wishing he'd grabbed his lunchbox, Josey heard and felt his stomach grumble unhappily and wondered, How long does it take to die of starvation and dehydration? A day, maybe two?
He opened his eyes and sat up after an even more likely scenario occurred to him. What if the people in charge took the simple way out? It happened in a few movies and at least one video game he played. The government might not send in anyone... they could just drop a nuke on them and me. A microsecond of bright light and I'd be nothing more than, as the old Kansas song says, Dust in the Wind.
“Fuck that,” he said aloud. “Sure it’s a great song, but it’s not how I’m going out. Granted things are bad, but I’ve survived bad situations before- maybe not this bad, but bad enough.”

Like last month when Josey had been enjoying a pleasant visit to the bathroom at a Tex Mex restaurant called La Cocina Juanita. He'd been sitting there minding his own business, when a guy at the standup urinal next to his stall began peeing first on Josey's shoes then on his pants that had been down around his ankles. Being in a delicate way at that particular moment, Josey couldn't do much except shout impotent threats.
He heard the urinating prankster laughing as he left him sitting in the bathroom with urine soaked pants and just to add the final injustice he turned off the lights on the way out.
Just as his horoscope that day didn't foresee a prankster with an odd urination fetish this morning’s newspaper didn't mention a zombie uprising either. If it had, Josey was certain, he would have called into work saying he was sick.

He wracked his brain trying to remember what he knew about the undead from the movies he'd seen and in the video games he'd played. A silver bullet would kill one, or maybe that was just werewolves but then again maybe silver works on zombies too. After realizing he didn't have any silver anyway, he kept thinking. A wooden stake through the heart kills vampires.
Yet he'd killed (if you can technically ‘kill’ something that was already dead) a zombie by bashing in its head. He looked over at the body by the doorway. A large black cloud of flies buzzed, crawled over, and feasted on what was left of its brain.
Of course some of them didn’t actually seem to be dead, just murderously insane. It was a distinction that provided no comfort. He looked meditatively at the body of 'Mr. Watch Me Gouge My Eyeballs Out', while listening to screaming people running around outside the building. Echoes of the meaningless screams bounced off the canyon walls.
Shuddering involuntarily, he inspected his aching knee again. It was wrapped up tightly with a long bandage he found in the bottom of his toolbox. He was sure it would be okay if he didn't run on it and walked slowly for a couple of days. But this was a feat he felt he was almost certain to have trouble accomplishing given the circumstances.
The problem with his trick knee was that whenever it 'popped' out of joint, it was fairly likely to do it again if he wasn't extra careful for a few days. Sometimes, he wouldn't completely trust it again for up to a week after it 'popped'.

When he’d lost his college football scholarship it was the same knee that was to blame. Standing six foot five inches tall and weighing in at two hundred and eighty pounds, Josey was “Built for football,” as his coach used to say. Unfortunately, after the football season started during his freshman year at college, his knee was as reliable as an alcoholic managing a liquor store.
Near the end of the first game of the season it popped out of joint, or became hyper extended as the doctor described it, when he was blindsided.
Josey was carried off the field six times, in six different games, with the same knee injury. 
The coach finally gave up and had to cut him from the team, and also revoked his full scholarship. Of course, the school offered to pay some of his expenses but without a scholarship he soon realized his academic career was over before it had really even began.

Josey started to get angry as he sat and listened to the idiots outside the building grunting and screaming.
I could have stayed in college if it weren’t for my stupid knee, he thought, feeling increasingly angry. I'd have a good job, lots of money, maybe even have married, had kids, and undoubtedly would not be spending a Monday morning surrounded by murderous undead TRAILER-FUCKING-TRASH!
Screaming in frustration he started hitting the washing machine next to the one he was sitting on with his crowbar. This went on for quite a while. The loud crashing sound made him feel better while he pounded on it, but when he stopped hitting the badly dented machine he heard the undead screaming with a renewed sense of purpose.
“Great, now I’m a cheerleader for zombies,” he said sarcastically, looking up at the sky.
Several giant black birds circled above and he shivered even though it was already be ninety degrees. A big ugly vulture landed on top of a nearby wall and glared down at him with disturbing intensity. Seconds later, four more birds just as big and ugly as the first landed and they all stared at him. Their eyes gazed at him with what Josey felt was a wholly inappropriate appraising attitude. Feeling like a piece of meat in the butcher's display case, he sighed and shook his head.
He glanced at the dryers wobbling in the doorway then away from the barricade and stared curiously at the dark doorway on the other side of the room. Being the only other way out he finally reached a decision. “Why not?” He asked and cautiously slid off the washing machine. He stood carefully. The bad knee ached a bit but it wasn't trembling. Using his crowbar as a cane, he picked up the toolbox and limped across the room, detouring around the largest piles of debris.
While passing an old gum ball machine (the kind with the big spherical glass top) he saw a melted congealed mass inside with a rainbow of faint colors still visible. After the roof caved in the balls of gum were exposed to the weather and elements. Over the years the individual colored pieces of gum had baked in the sunlight and melted, turning them into a gooey sugary blob.
Josey imagined they looked sort of like three or four Rubik’s cubes if they were put in an oven for a few hours on broil.

On the wall near the open doorway, he read a large sign written in both English and Spanish- “Tornado Shelter, Maximum Occupancy 200.” Josey stopped and tried to imagine being in a storm and told he couldn't go down because there were already two hundred people downstairs.
What the Hell would I be expected to do? Go outside and fly a kite?
He limped slowly through the debris of the long ago fallen in roof, heading for the dark doorway wondering, What could be down there? A vampire? An alien that has tentacles and loves to eat septic tank truck drivers? A few naked nymphomaniac cheerleaders? He smiled at the thought of the last unlikely possibility and limped on.
There were old wooden stairs going down into the darkness.
He tapped the top step with his crowbar. It sounded fairly solid as he stepped forward and tried to peer into the darkness below. There was a whiff of mildew and dust, but that was all.
While reaching for his little flashlight that was tucked safely in his coveralls pocket, he thought he heard something moving. Then there was the sound of running on the stairs.
Screaming in fear as something ran into him, he fell over backward into a pile of roofing shingles and boards.
He screamed, “No!” and while he fell two distinct thoughts flashed through his mind. I'd rather get peed on at that restaurant again than be here. And, please let it be horny naked cheerleaders.
That was Josey's last thought before he whacked his head against the cinder block wall and fell unconscious.


When he awoke there was a girl with long blonde hair wearing a pair of tattered denim shorts, and a tight green shirt with a picture of a unicorn on it was, leaning over him.
Through squinted eyes as though she'd been hiding in the dark too long, the girl looked around nervously. “Oh, my gosh, I'm so sorry. I thought you were one of them,” she said, gesturing at the barricaded doorway. Squatting down next to him, she took his hand in hers as he looked up too stunned to speak. Her perfume was very strong and smelled of flowers and laundry detergent.
“Are you okay? I feel just awful about knocking you down. My name is Shannon, by the way.”
She was young and extremely beautiful. But Josey was having a difficult time looking at her face because as she squatted next to him he could see a bit of her panties between her smooth tanned legs. Her denim shorts were extremely short- just like the kind he often dreamed about girls wearing. He tried to speak but still felt too stunned.
“Oh, you poor man. I just feel awful about this,” she said, leaning down closer. She felt his forehead and ran her fingers through his hair.
He saw her sparkling chocolate brown eyes as she leaned closer.
She kissed him on the lips.
Unable to resist, he kissed back as her tongue entered his mouth. Her warm wet tongue was amazing. It was very long and extremely dexterous but he awoke when she started to lick his face.

Josey was sprawled in a dazed heap on the floor and slowly became more conscious hearing heavy breathing nearby. Keeping his eyes closed he felt for his crowbar; only it wasn't there.
A foul smelling warm breath filled his nostrils and he realized the source was only inches from his face. Remembering his knife, he reached into his pants pocket for it. He felt the wet warm tongue tasting his face again and couldn't feign unconsciousness any longer. Bellowing in fury, he held the pocketknife and flicked the small blade open.
He heard distant answering screams and opened his eyes prepared for whatever monstrosity was terrorizing him.
The furry face of a combination German Shepherd and all around general mutt came into focus with its long tongue inches from his face.
Folding the knife shut again, he put it back in his pocket- both embarrassed and relieved at the same time.
The dog sat a few feet away panting and looking at Josey, with its head cocked at an angle that suggested curiosity.
After finding it nearby he used his crowbar as a cane once again. It was difficult but he managed to get back on his feet.
The dog whined and backed away nervously, watching the big man while its tail wagged slowly.
“Are you a good dog or are you as crazy as everybody else around here?” He asked, keeping a wary eye on the scruffy dog.
It whimpered again and backed away a few more steps.
He saw its brown fur was mashed down in spots and fluffy in others as the tail continued to wag.

“A dog with a wagging tail usually means he won't bite, but that's not always the case. If you ever meet a dog that's growling or foaming you best just back away slow and get inside the house,” Josey's dad's voice spoke clearly in his head as he looked uncertainly at the dog.
Josey grew up in the countryside and there were always stray dogs around when he was a kid. His dad warned him when he was old enough to go outside by himself to always be cautious around a strange dog.
His dad’s advice continued running through his head, “Never run away if a dog looks mean- it'll most likely chase after you and if it is mean it might take a bite out of your leg. Just keep an eye on it but don't make direct eye contact, some animals see that as a challenge for dominance. When you back away from a strange dog, don't look scared even if you're terrified. Dogs can smell fear on you so act brave and use your head.”
He remembered vividly when his dad finished his long dog lecture how he showed him the bite scars on his upper thigh he got when he was about twelve years old. Those old scars made all his advice seem like something worth remembering and Josey was very glad he had.

“So this was your hiding spot, huh boy?” He asked, warily watching for any signs that it was a bad dog.
It backed up to the doorway to the stairs and cocked its head looking up at him as his tail wagged slightly faster.
“You look a little like a dog I had when I was a kid. His name was Frankenstein,” Josey said softly as he slipped off his left glove and held out his hand palm down toward the dog. Whistling and clicking his tongue softly he reached slowly, trying to relax, as he waited for the dog to sniff or bite him.
“Of course if you were a bad dog you probably would have bit me when I was knocked out back there, right? I really hope you're a good dog because I really could use a friend today.”
The dog wagged its tail faster as it stretched its neck and sniffed Josey's hand. After just a few sniffs the dog sneezed three times in rapid succession and shook its head. Then it sat down and lifted a paw, shaking it in the air.
Hoping his dad, who was possibly watching from Heaven, wasn't looking on in disapproval he took a chance with the strange dog and shook its paw gently.
The dog yipped playfully and licked his hand.
Josey sat down on an old broken TV that seemed fairly solid and petted the dog's head. It made appreciative whimpering sounds and his tail whipped back and forth more rapidly as Josey rubbed behind its ears lightly. 
“Yer a good doggy aren't ya? Yes you are.” Reverting to baby talk, he smiled at the dirty dog. “What should I call ya?” He felt for a collar or ID tag and found none. Josey glanced under the dog for a second and said, “So, yer a boy. Small world, so am I.” He looked thoughtful for a moment and then grinned. “Since today seems a lot like all the scary movies I used to watch when I was a kid I shall name you after my favorite scary movie actor. I'll call ya Boris. He actually played Frankenstein's monster in a great film and if we ever get out of here I'm grilling you a steak and we'll watch it together. Okay?” he asked while scratching the dog's chin.
The dog quickly barked twice in apparent agreement.
“Well Boris, I guess I should introduce myself. My name is Josey. And if you don't tell anyone about the way you French kissed me I won't either.”
Boris was dirty and looked very thin, but his rich chocolate brown eyes and soft fur made him the perfect companion in Josey's estimation. He petted the dog for a few more seconds then looked down the dark staircase.

“Well, come on Boris show me your dungeon,” he said standing up and limping forward, again using his crowbar as a cane. In his other hand he held a small flashlight that shined down the steps. Boris quickly trotted down the steps. At the bottom of the stairs he turned, looked back up at him and gave a short yip of a bark.
“Okay, I'm coming.”
If there once had been handrails they'd fallen apart long ago. Tapping the steps with his crowbar, he felt the rottenness of the stairs and walked as gingerly as possible on the side edges of the steps where the wood seemed the least rotten. The boards creaked ominously and the whole staircase swung from side to side a few inches as he slowly came down the steps.
The dog stared up at him, his head cocked at an angle that suggested curiosity, with his tail wagging impatiently.
Josey had seen plenty of horror movies where someone goes into a dark creepy basement and always thought he'd be smarter in a similar situation. He shrugged and thought there was no choice but to continue down, but did shine the flashlight beam around the basement while still on the stairs in case there was something unpleasant lurking in the shadows.

The basement room was about thirty foot square with a couple of large rusting water heaters attached to pipes that appeared to go upstairs. There was also a fuse box, a large utility sink, several old rotten cardboard boxes, a few buckets, mops, brooms, and various unlabeled bottles. The whole room smelled of mildew and rotting things. The concrete floor was slick here and there with traces of stagnant water.
A squeak came from near one of the boxes and a rat scurried across the floor as he shined the light in the far corner of the room. Boris caught sight of it and gave chase through a doorway that was the only other visible way out of the basement other than the stairs.
Josey finished coming down the steps and heard the rat squealing as Boris apparently caught it.
At least he's got something to eat, he thought, again wishing he'd brought his lunchbox from the truck. He counted the last of his nicotine gum- eight pieces. He popped one in his mouth after spitting the older tasteless gum into the corner of the room.

Doubting it still worked, he limped over to the sink attached to the cinder block wall and tried the faucet. The pipes rattled loudly for several seconds. There was a rusty brown splash of water before a weak stream of slightly yellow tinted water began to fill the old sink.
He shoved his head under the spigot and felt the wonderfully cool water running through his sweaty hair. After shaking his head, he cupped his hands and drank his fill.
Hearing the clicking sound of the dog's toenails walking up beside him, he turned around to see the dog’s bloody lips and a satisfied look in its brown eyes. After filling a plastic bucket with some water he set it in front of the dog.
Boris gulped from it as soon as it was on the floor. The dog drank until the bucket was nearly empty and Josey wondered how long it had been since he'd had any water.

Boris, in point of fact, had nothing to drink for three days and felt he would soon die before he caught a whiff and saw the man at the top of the stairs a few minutes earlier. Before all the men in the trailer park started reeking of madness and death the dog wandered around the valley for several months.
His former owner took him for a ride in his car after he discovered Boris chewing on his prized baseball autographed by Hank Aaron. At first his owner seemed really mad before taking him for the last ride he'd ever had. He pulled the car off the road and threw a tennis ball that Boris always loved to fetch into the dirt.
Boris jumped from the car and almost reached the ball when he heard the car being quickly driven away. The dog chased after it for a while then felt scared after realizing he was a long way from home and didn't know where he was.

Some people say dogs can't feel emotions, but had they seen Boris sitting in the dusty road watching the car disappear with his big brown eyes filling with tears they might have changed their minds. But some people are jerks and might have argued it was simply the blowing dust that caused the dog to appear to be crying.
Boris wandered the desert until he smelled water and found his way into the valley. It was a nice place. There were rabbits and other small animals to eat and none of the men down there seemed bad, at least until a few days earlier. Boris had been visiting the men the night of Juan's wake and was wolfing down some half eaten cold burritos someone had thoughtfully left out the night before. It was the last good meal he'd enjoyed until the rat.

When he sniffed Juan's corpse on top of the table in the early morning darkness, on Friday, the dog sensed something was wrong. Juan smelled of death, but under that there was a very bad scent too. When the dead man started to twitch Boris knew something wasn't right. He was a smart dog that way.
He barked at a man asleep in the dirt who held an empty beer bottle in his hands.
He awoke just long enough to throw the bottle at Boris.
The dog barked louder and ran around the men who had without exception all drank too much the night before.
After a second man threw a bottle at him and yelled at Boris, the dog whimpered and ran away as the man who smelled of death and something worse stood up and climbed off the table. As Boris ran away there were several drunken yells and screams but the dog didn't look back.
Since that night the dog had been chased and nearly caught several times by the crazy men until he found a hiding spot in the old laundry building's basement.
He looked at the big man walking around the room and felt better as he watched him. The big man didn't smell of death or madness and that was good enough for Boris.

Looking at the old cardboard boxes scattered around on the floor Josey doubted his chances of finding anything useful. But with nothing better to do he spent the next twenty minutes disturbing several scorpions, crickets, and a few giant spiders (the size of softballs) as he searched.
Boris slept curled up at the foot of the staircase. His ears twitched occasionally whenever he heard the scraping sounds of metal from upstairs but he didn't awaken. It had been a grueling time since Juan came back from the dead and everyone went insane, and the dog didn't get much sleep over the last few days.
A few minutes later, Josey studied the small collection of items he'd found after going through all the boxes. There was an old glass kerosene lantern with no wick, a few ounces of kerosene in a glass bottle, a good size length of clothesline, a box of mildew rotted clothes, some rusty bloated cans of peaches and processed luncheon meat, and a few candles.

He was hungry but distrusted the canned food with very good reason. When he was seven years old his mom threw away several bulging cans of food she found in his grandmother’s house after she died. When he asked why she did it, she answered, “Bulging cans of food are poisonous.”
Unfortunately, he hadn't believed his mother and retrieved one of the cans of meat from the trash. It was a can of Vienna Sausages which was one of his favorite foods. He took the can outside and pulled off the lid. The can didn't look very much bulged out and the small sausages smelled fine as he ate half of them and gave the rest to his grandmother’s cat, named Scalawag. He continued to feel fine for approximately ten minutes.
As it turned out his mom had been right. He was extremely lucky to have just suffered bouts of explosive, painful, and unpredictable diarrhea for the next two days after eating the tainted canned meat.
Scalawag hadn't been so lucky. The cat’s yowls went on for most of the night after they shared the sausages then abruptly stopped. His mother found the cat's stiff body on the back porch of the house the next morning. The poor animal had been throwing up and suffering diarrhea till it died sometime in the night. His father forced Josey, between bouts of diarrhea, to dig a grave and bury Scalawag.

After lighting one of the candles he worked on the lantern trying to fashion a wick from some of the old clothes. Filling the lantern with kerosene, he fiddled with the improvised wick until it was wet and managed to get it to light with the candle flame. After the lantern flared to life he blew out the candle.
“What now, Boris? Go try and burn our way out upstairs or go down your hallway over there?”
Boris opened his eyes and yawned hugely then turned to look at the young man while his tail whacked the dust covered floor.
Josey packed up the other items (minus the rest of the moldy clothes and cans of food) into his toolbox. He briefly toyed with the idea of opening the poisoned meat and throwing it over the wall for the zombies to eat. Then wondered if they were dead what would poisoned meat do to them? He was tempted to try it anyway, but then considered the rickety wooden staircase and decided not to take the chance on having it collapse while he conducted his experiment. Though, he did have a smile on his face while imagining the zombies eating the canned meat and then suffering from explosive diarrhea.
Getting back on his feet his knee was a little stiff yet much sturdier and not shaking at all. He held the lantern and toolbox in one hand and the crowbar in the other while walking toward the dark hallway.
Spider webs festooned the ceiling like party favors of the damned and the floor itself was dust covered concrete. A small patch of bright red blood and a few tufts of rat fur were all that remained to give witness to the dog’s recent meal.
Boris trotted ahead into the darkness with the clicking of his toenails echoing through the hallway. The sound was both unsettling and reassuring at the same time.
At least it's not as hot down here as it was upstairs, Josey thought while following the dog.
He opened a door on the right side of the hall and saw a dirty toilet and some empty beer cans strewn across the floor. A dust covered bottle of tequila was in the sink and Josey picked it up. If he had felt optimistic he might have said it was half full, but in his current state of mind he assessed it as being half empty. He unscrewed the cap and skeptically sniffed the contents.

He'd gotten into the habit of sniffing unfamiliar liquor bottles after an unfortunate incident he had the first and last day he tried being a garbage man. Being a garbage collector had never been in his career plan, but after his college dreams were shattered he took the job out of desperation.
Some of his co-workers told him of finding all kinds of wonderful things in trash cans. Pornographic magazines and bottles of booze were the two best things that were often thrown away. They were usually tossed out after the former owners girlfriends, wives, or mothers discovered them.
His first day on the job, he was disillusioned because the majority of trashcans were full of poop filled diapers and regular trash. But inside one particular trashcan toward the end of the day, he found a bottle of whiskey that was nearly full. Not realizing how stupid he was being, Josey opened it and drank straight from the bottle. He drank for a couple of seconds before his taste buds informed him of what his nostrils should already have.
Josey was drinking a whiskey bottle that someone filled with urine.
While spitting and swearing, he never heard the kids in the frat house nearby laughing behind one of the upstairs windows. He quit the job that afternoon and swore never to drink from a strange bottle again- at least without pausing to sniff it first.
Josey didn't know it, but he actually had several hundred thousand people who loved him for having drunk from the bottle. One of the fraternity kids posted a video of the whole incident on the internet entitled Dumb ass garbage man drinks my pee.

Down in the laundry building's basement bathroom the bottle's contents smelled of tequila, without even a hint of urine. Josey decided to save it for later and reluctantly screwed the cap back on. He'd been briefly tempted to just relax down there and get drunk. It was an appealing idea, however the recurring idea that time was running out and the military would soon nuke the whole valley changed his mind. After putting the bottle inside his tool box he closed the bathroom door and walked on in silence, save for the occasional sound of the dog's toenails ahead in the darkness.
After a couple more minutes he came to a set of concrete steps going up.
Boris looked over at Josey expectantly.
Josey climbed the steps and knocked spider webs out of his way. At the top there was an old wooden door that was barred from his side with a large piece of wood set in metal brackets attached to the walls. After brushing away more spider webs, he pressed his ear to the door and listened intently. He heard nothing except the pounding of his own heart and the panting dog beside him. The board felt rough and he put his thick leather gloves back on, not wishing to tempt fate with a nasty splinter when he had a whole trailer park full of undead and a trick knee to contend with. After lifting the board as quietly as he could, the door freely swung open a few inches and the sunlight nearly blinded him.
Exchanging the board for his crowbar he tried to slowly and quietly open the door a bit more. It squealed but not as horribly loud as he'd feared, and he pulled it wide enough to see what was beyond. A set of concrete steps led up to ground level and the bright blue sky above.

While staring up at the cloudless sky, he grumbled, “How could a pack of zombies ruin a day as pretty as this? It just seems wrong, all of this. In the movies it’s always at a graveyard or spooky house and always at night not the middle of the frigging desert first thing on a Monday morning.”
The dog stayed down behind the now open door, sniffed at the air, and whined softly.
Josey climbed the steps and peeked above ground level. He saw they were about a half mile from Mrs. Remlap's house. He looked in all directions around the stairs and saw he was only about fifty or sixty feet away from the trailer with the American flag where the old man lived with his dog. Looking the other way, he could see his truck in the distance with a few zombies wandering around it while others still pushed and scratched at the dryers he'd jammed in the doorway.
It was ten o’clock according to his watch and it seemed like it was at least a hundred degrees already. His skin felt like the sun was baking him as he tried to think.

A piercing scream ripped through both his thoughts and the stifling air.
Josey crouched down low and looked for the owner of the impressive set of lungs.
An old man wearing a tattered straw cowboy hat, a dirty red and white flannel shirt, and filthy jeans, was chasing a jackrabbit toward the Remlap House. The last hope he held that they were all just slow poke zombies (like he'd seen in countless movies) vanished as the old man nearly caught the galloping jackrabbit. Josey stared in amazement as the long eared beast zig zagged and picked up speed. It wasn't the jackrabbit’s speed that amazed him. It was that the pursuer did not seem appreciably to slow down or get dejected by the long eared varmint's quickness, but continued after it with a single-mindedness that was disturbing in a way he couldn't immediately understand.
The man in the cowboy hat howled again and Josey saw several other men join in the pursuit of the jackrabbit as it hopped away.

He looked around shaking his head and muttered, “Pretty dang fast for zombies, aren't they?” Josey stared at the distance to the old man's trailer and began humming the tune of the song, Should I stay or should I go, popularized by The Clash.
The dog’s tail wagged in rhythm.


CHAPTER 4
Hopping Down The Bunny Trail

The jackrabbit was exhausted. Its heart pounded fiercely as it hopped an unpredictable pattern, but the screaming pursuers had not given up the chase. This particular jackrabbit outran everything from stray dogs (Including Boris on three different occasions) to hungry coyotes before, yet the men that were chasing it were a very different kind of predator. As it ran through a dense patch of Saguaro and Prickly Pear Cactus, it heard some of the pursuer’s screams change in both pitch and volume.
It stopped in the middle of a dusty road just east of the trailer park, stood on its hind legs, breathing hard and looked back at them. The men smelled of danger, much stronger than usual, and it had never before encountered such determined predators.
First one man would spot the jackrabbit and give chase then others would join in. Some stopped chasing and others would join in.
While it had no understanding of a relay race, that is perhaps the closest description to what had been happening to it all morning.

Looking back down the road, the jackrabbit's brown eyes saw only one man come through the patch of cactus. The man clawed at his face while running closer.
It sat motionless and watched as the man sniffed at the path it had taken. The jackrabbit twitched its whiskers and long ears for a few moments before turning and following the road toward the direction that the sun rose every morning.

The man following it used to be called Hector. He was hungry, in considerable pain from the cactus needles, and furious as he ran down the road. His hands, legs, and face, were covered in sharp cactus needles. As he ran, smelling the delicious animal, he slapped and clawed at the cactus needles. Some of them fell out as he slapped at them, but most were simply driven deeper into his skin. The pain from the needles had discouraged the other men, but Hector felt his blood surging as he spotted the long eared meal running steadily slower.
Food had become scarce since Hector and the others had changed a few days earlier. In addition to insane anger, he felt a ravenous hunger driving him to catch and devour the small animal.

The jackrabbit dove into the piles of trash and garbage at the end of the road. It became still under several rotten pieces of cardboard as it heard the pursuer coming closer. Slightly trembling under the trash it heard footsteps approach, slow down, and gradually come to a stop as its nose twitched slightly.
Hector smelled the animal and a million other interesting aromas that drifted over the trailer park's trash dump. He sniffed the air again and stomped loudly through the garbage trying to pick up the scent once more. The sheer quantity of smells made tracking, at least by his nose impossible, so Hector listened harder as he moved slowly through the trash dump.
He heard a scuttling sound several feet ahead and dove headfirst into a small cluster of prairie grass.
A terrified rat squeaked in alarm and ran toward a small group of spindly looking trees.
Hector chased after it as saliva drooled down his chin. He dived forward and seized the squealing biting rat just as they reached the trees.
The rat bit at his fingers, but Hector simply opened his mouth and chomped off its small furry head.
Squatting in the shade of the trees, he ate his well deserved and long overdue meal. It didn't take long to finish and Hector had eaten everything. He ate the fur, the bones, and of course the precious bloody meat.
Hector burped and wandered around his new surroundings. Stepping further under the shade provided by the trees, he tilted his head and listened to a faint rhythmic chugging noise coming from deeper in the woods. Licking his blood stained lips he followed the sound till it stopped and listened harder while sniffing at the air.


A skinny man that was naked, except for a red barbecue apron with the words Kiss the Cook written on the front, walked out of a small metal shed. He carried a large white propane cylinder and grunted while setting it on the ground. He turned, put the padlock back on the shed door, and bent to pick up the cylinder again. While bending over he let loose a long, foul smelling, unmelodious, fart.
A woman's deep voice came from a nearby double-wide trailer that was covered in camouflage netting. “You best get all that out your system while yer out there. And hurry up sweet cheeks, the generator's about to go tits up.”
The skinny man hefted the propane tank and muttered in a strained voice, “Where is that damn boy? He's the one who should be hauling this shit, not me.”
The propane tank weighed fifty pounds and the man had to carry it hugged tightly against his chest as he slowly duck walked back to the generator shed. The propane powered generator misfired and died as he dropped the tank by the wooden shed built beside the trailer.
He uncoupled the old tank and after several rather vulgar profanities attached the fresh container. He checked for leaks, opened the valves, and pressed the generator's starter button. The generator made a loud backfire and failed to start.

A scream broke the silence. But unlike the other screams they'd heard over the last few days this one seemed disturbingly close. The man ran to the front of the trailer and saw the woman sitting on the wooden porch holding a double barrel shotgun out to him with one hand. Her other hand pointed toward the trailer park's trash dump and she looked excited while whispering, “Bet it ain't a door to door salesman calling. Go make whoever it is feel welcome.” 
Smiling at her, he took the shotgun and winked.
He started to trot toward the dump and abruptly stopped. Snapping open the shotgun he quickly confirmed it was loaded. As he looked at the shells in the gun the scream came again only now much closer.
The fat woman on the porch ripped open a candy bar wrapper and bit into it as she stared at the man's naked skinny butt. She leaned forward in her wheelchair, grinning with anticipation as the nearly naked skinny man crept quietly past a large boulder pointing the shotgun ahead. “Be vewwy quiet. He's not huntin wabbits,” she whispered to herself, chuckled, and then crammed the rest of the chocolate bar into her mouth with a stifled giggle.

There was a brief metallic clang followed by an extremely loud scream from further down the path. The man in the apron ran forward smiling while holding the shotgun almost casually. He looked down the path and saw someone sitting on the ground yanking on his leg while yelping like an animal caught in a trap, which is precisely what he was.
Hector managed to step in one of the dozen hidden metal bear traps that they had placed around their trailer to discourage unwelcome visitors. The razor sharp metal edges had nearly severed his foot from his leg. Blood poured from torn arteries as he grabbed the trap and his leg, pulling ineffectually on both.
“Well amigo, it looks like you might have to skip running the Boston Marathon this year,” the skinny man said, while scratching his butt and smiled down at the slowly dying yelping man.
Hector was in agony, but upon hearing the man’s voice his first and strongest impulse was to kill. He sniffed and snorted before moving toward the man with incredible speed on his hands and one free leg while yelling up at him as he dragged the leg in the bear trap behind him.
The man with the shotgun wouldn't have believed it possible that anyone in that much obvious pain could move so fast if he hadn't seen it himself. He backed up several steps and pointed the shotgun at the charging man.
The bear trap was attached to a chain that was padlocked to a sturdy tree. When the chain reached its maximum length the odd looking and unbelievably fast man collapsed face down in the path with a sudden jerk. He howled and within seconds turned back to the trap and tried to pull himself loose of it again.
“Damn boy. You just don't know when yer licked, do ya? Are those cactus needles stuck all over your ugly puss?”
The stranger didn't answer. Instead he started whining as his fingers were torn on the bear trap's blades.
“Will you quit yelping like a bitch in heat and answer me?” The man asked looking down with a mixture of disgust and fascination, as Hector strained forward drooling and snarling at him once more.
Hector was infuriated and dying, and yet the man’s voice triggered one last surge of inner strength and he sprang forward howling. As he leaped, the sharpened metal edges of the trap broke through the last bit of bone and sinew that was holding him back and he was free, albeit missing a foot. He snarled and started forward leaving behind his severed appendage and a trail of blood.
“Vaya con Dios!” The man shouted, before firing both barrels of the shotgun at the now free one footed mad man.
At a distance of less than three feet, the double barreled shotgun blast left nothing above Hector’s neck. His body collapsed in the path, minus a foot and a cactus needle covered head. A bright drippy splatter of red, white and gray coated the plants where the remnants of Hector's head had been blown apart.
The man with the shotgun listened intently for over a minute and didn't hear anyone else in the area. Satisfied that he had efficiently defended his home, he whistled happily while sauntering back to the trailer.

“Did you get him? Was it anyone we know?” The fat woman asked through her chocolate coated lips.
“We didn't get a chance to exchange pleasantries,” he said, handing her the shotgun. “But I'll tell you one thing, Sugar Tits, I think he was royally fucked up. Looked to me like the dumb ass beaner had a bad case of rabies or got a hold of some really nasty drugs.”
“I'm very proud of you. Now go fix the generator, numb nuts. It's hotter than Rambo in his birthday suit, but not near as nice.”
“Yes dear,” he said, trudging back to the generator shed.

*****

Billy was cooling off and playing in the bathtub, as his grandfather stood in the kitchen and tapped the ceramic thermometer, shaped like a cactus that indicated it was 98 degrees in the shade.
“Why, oh why, Dear Lord, didn't I retire to Alaska?” He grumbled and glanced up at the blazing sun through the window then turned his attention to the truck. The binoculars felt heavy as he yawned and looked for any changes at the laundry building entrance.
Only half a dozen men were still milling around there and most looked like Dead Heads. They were feebly scratching and pushing at the barricaded door.
Over the last few days, the colonel decided the zombies could be divided into two distinct groups; the Dead Heads and The Screamers. Dead Heads were the ones that moved slower and had started to bloat up in the heat over the last few days. He was certain they were truly the undead. They had apparently somehow become infected with something and after death they reanimated. In addition to bloating they seemed to be capable of little more than an occasional grunt and a slow walk that got steadily slower as the days passed.
Pulling his tattered notebook closer, he looked over his observations he'd been making since the first day. Having fought in the war he knew the importance of knowing his enemy and made meticulous notes regarding their numbers, locations, habits, strengths, and weaknesses.
The exact number was unknown, but he estimated that there were no more than eighty. He'd given up trying to keep tabs on their locations after realizing they seemed to have incredibly short attention spans and would wander about aimlessly until something caught their attention then converge on the object of interest.
In many ways they were like school children who were badly in need of some sort of attention deficit disorder medication. In his notes, he theorized that their brains were deteriorating just as rapidly as their bodies. They also tended to stay close to the park entrance and the trailers they used to live in.

The much faster Screamers roamed everywhere and reacted much faster to any commotion or distraction. It could be anything- a wounded bird screeching as it was attacked, a rabbit running for its life, or any loud noise attracted them.

The truly dead zombies would often just stand, sit, or sprawl out in the dirt, unmoving until something happened then they would wander over to see what was going on. They were much harder to tell apart when a Screamer transformed into a Dead Head. It seemed when a Screamer died it came back in a fairly short period of time as an undead, and for the first several hours were almost as fast and relatively smart as they used to be while alive.

The Dead Heads were nowhere near as fast as The Screamers who didn't appear to be dead or undead at all, just murderously violent insane people. Their habits were also far more alarming than the Dead Head zombies. They could run extremely fast, sometimes used objects as tools, and seemed to have some way of communicating. He'd watched as first one and then more of the fast moving zombies would pick up and throw things at the birds or other animals. After knocking them down they would tear them apart and devour them.
Their speed was a major strength, but a close second was their apparent intelligence. He knew they'd never fit in at a cocktail party or a Mensa meeting, yet they weren't very stupid either. The only weakness he could think to write down was, They die permanently without their heads. Which wasn't much to be happy about, the colonel realized, knowing he'd die too if he somehow lost his head.

He nicknamed one of the smallest zombies Stinky. It paced around outside the trailer's fence and sometimes beat and clawed on the backside of the trailer itself, especially if they were too loud inside. Stinky would sometimes try to climb over the fence, usually when Billy said something too loudly or had the music on the transistor radio cranked up too high. He had numerous scrapes and scratches on his arms and blood sometimes flowed from some of the deepest gashes.
The colonel decided that Stinky was most definitely still alive after two days of observing his behavior. Stinky sometimes chewed at a few of the bones belonging to the colonel's beloved dog Gretchen and occasionally managed to kill some of the carrion birds that had been plaguing the park over the last few days. Plus, he'd spotted him drinking muddy stagnant water from the ditch that ran alongside the road. Stinky also would scream and sometimes fight with some of the other people that he once considered neighbors. Finally, there were two other things which convinced him he was still alive. He saw a gleam of intelligence in Stinky's eyes as he would sometimes stare at the trailer that was absent from many of the others. Also his pants were moist in the front occasionally and brown in the posterior constantly as he continued to 'do his business' without the ability or desire to drop his trousers.
He could always smell Stinky at a hundred feet and he was much closer than that as the colonel watched him that morning.

He lit another flower scented candle that his late wife Barbara always had scattered around the trailer. When she lit them she’d say that the aroma of wildflowers made her think of some kind of beautiful exotic gardens. But he knew she only lit them when he was in a farting mood which invariably followed after he made his infamous Inferno Chili, complete with two whole onions diced and finely minced.
He looked over at her picture resting on top of the darkened television console. She was still in her early twenties, sitting behind the wheel of a 1957 Chevy Bel Air, sipping on a milkshake while waving at the camera. She’d been ten years younger than he was when the picture had been taken and she always loved being with him. They went to parties, danced, and would see a new movie every week. Together in the darkness, they'd hold hands with an occasional make out session, but never when it was a horror movie. She loved all the scary movies and never missed a second of the action. That's why he always tried to take her to see westerns or comedies- anything but horror movies.
Of course, they saw them all anyway because she always loved being scared and hugging tightly to his arm in the darkened theater. Whether it was a very young Steve McQueen in The Blob or just a really badly made film where the aliens could be seen to have zippers on the backs of their costumes she loved them all; well... almost all of them.

He remembered watching movies on TV over the years while they were snuggled together in bed. None scared her as much as George A. Romero’s Night of the Living Dead. She had nightmares for a few days after they had watched it and he inevitably had to swear to her zombies never had and never would exist when she'd wake up screaming.
He smiled as he rubbed the faded car located just above his left eyebrow and remembered exactly how intensely and violently she'd been scared by that movie.

It was a few days before Halloween 1973. Decorations were hung and set up all over the trailer park. There were pumpkins, fake gravestones, a couple of trailers made up to look like haunted houses with scarecrows and all kinds of spooky yet fun things in the yards. It was late afternoon and the sun had already set when he spotted Barbara kneeling by one of her flower beds doing some gardening. On a spur of the moment, he decided to give her a good scare since it was almost Halloween.
Unfortunately, as a result of that particular funny prank she wouldn't speak to him for a week and had nearly poked his left eye out. He sneaked up behind her and said in his deepest voice, “They're coming to get you, Barbara,” and grabbed her shoulders.
Actually, the prank was somewhat successful.
She let out a window rattling scream which had neighbors hurrying over to see what had happened. But he hadn't counted on her swinging around with a metal gardening trowel in her clenched hand.
When the neighbors ran over to investigate her scream they found him, groaning on the ground, holding his bleeding forehead which required twelve stitches to sew up.

He shook his head and was grateful she wasn't alive to go through this living nightmare. “I miss you, honey, but I'm glad you’re not here for this mess,” he muttered while gazing at her photograph.
Stinky had been staring directly at him and grunted loudly while yanking violently on the chain link fence as if he'd heard him.
The old man ignored Stinky and tried counting the creatures again. It was hard to keep count because they moved around so much, and as racist as he knew it seemed many of them looked alike- especially now that they seemed to be zombies. After counting silently, carefully trying not to count them more than once, he lit a cigarette and estimated maybe seventy more or less undead monsters were wandering around outside. Looking at his estimate from yesterday in the notebook, where he had counted seventy-five, he wondered if the truck driver managed to kill some of them.
He puffed on the cigarette then coughed and wheezed for breath. Holding the burning cancer stick up, he watched the bright red glow at its tip burn into ashes.

Josey heard the coughing coming from the trailer inside the fence and caught a brief glimpse of smoke drifting from a window.
So, not only is someone alive in there but they have cigarettes too!
Smiling, he clicked his tongue at the dog that was still hiding behind the basement door. “Come on Boris, they got smokes over there.”
The dog looked up at him doubtfully.
Josey started up the steps then reconsidered. Looking at the doorway leading below, he tried to think of a way to secure the door in case the basement was needed later. It would be very bad to run down there thinking he was safe when in reality a nasty surprise was waiting for him. He looked at the metal railing on the side of the concrete steps and the padlock hinge on the door. While he didn't have anything to secure the padlock hinge with he did have some salvaged clothesline.
After pulling it out of the toolbox, within a minute he'd tied one end of it to the padlock hinge and the other to the railing post and then checked it to make sure it was secure.
That will have to do.
He glanced around again to see if it was it was safe to make a fast walk over to the trailer.
There was a very short man wandering around by the chain link fence and another one between the trailer and the laundry building and his truck. He stared back at his truck shining in the midday sunlight. It looked beautiful (well, as beautiful as a septic tank draining truck could look.) Unfortunately, there were just way too many zombies around it. Plus, it was also in the opposite direction from the old man’s trailer.
He breathed deep several times and tried to psyche himself up. Holding the long crowbar bar in his right hand and his toolbox and still lit lantern in the other he whistled softly for Boris to follow and limped slowly toward the trailer.

Billy had just gotten out of the bath and was squeezing toothpaste onto his toothbrush while making a soft squealing noise that his mom often wondered about. He began brushing but stopped when he looked in the bathroom mirror and saw a big man, through the window, limping toward the trailer. At first he thought it was just another bad guy, but he was carrying stuff and much bigger than any of the other men, maybe over six foot tall. And then he saw him turn and a dog came trotting after him.
He ran out of the bathroom shouting, with streams of toothpaste flowing out of his mouth and down his chin, “Grandpa! Look there's someone outside! Look! Look!” The boy yelled while running into the living room wearing only his underwear and a toothpaste splattered T-shirt with a picture of a monster truck on it.
The old man turned to look out the window with the binoculars trembling in his hands.
“Is it the police? Is he here to save us? Does he have a gun to shoot the bad guys? Can we go n-,” Billy asked in a rapid-fire style excited way while pulling hard at his grandfather's elbow making the old man shout something he would never say under normal circumstances to anyone, let alone to his own grandson. “Shut the fuck up and let go of my arm! And go sit down! Now!”
Billy shrank away looking up at him as if he were a stranger, and giant tears filled his eyes almost as soon as the last word was shouted.
The old man's nerves had been raw for nearly seventy-two hours, and he felt horrible for what he said to the boy who was running back to his room crying and heartbroken. He wanted to go after his grandson, but couldn't simply leave the stranger to come up and have no one here to meet him. Grabbing his cane, he stood up and felt his tired old heart racing. There was a slight pain in his chest as he made his way to the front door. Breathing hard, he moved the chair that was propped under the doorknob. He leaned against the wall by the door and unlocked the deadbolt with his trembling hand.

The short one was still watching the trailer, but the other man apparently had heard Josey whistle for Boris and was quickly galumphing toward him. It was someone that Josey hadn't seen before, wearing blue jean overalls and no shirt. His face was expressionless except where his teeth were already opening and closing and his hands were reaching out in an almost comical way, as if he were a redneck sleepwalker. Flies buzzed around his head like a hideous halo, and there were big sections of his muscular arms that had been ripped or bitten free of skin.
When he got closer, Josey threw the kerosene lantern at him hoping to set the man on fire. It hit him, bounced off, and rolled in the dust. 
“Damn it, that would have worked in a movie,” Josey grumbled, setting down his toolbox and gripping his crowbar in both hands, waiting for him to come close enough for him to knock his ugly head off.
The man galumphed faster and closed the distance as the dog growled deep in its throat before springing forward barking ferociously. Boris leaped the last few feet toward the man, knocking him over spread eagle to the ground. When he hit the earth a small cloud of dust billowed up around his body. Boris growled and barked while leaping about him, as the man tried to stand.
While he was distracted by the dog, Josey swung the crowbar like a golf club. The metal tip shattered the man’s head. Josey did a quick victory dance, holding the crowbar up over his head. He then retrieved his toolbox, as a small part of his mind recoiled in disgust at what he'd just done. But for the most part he felt great. In fact, he felt more alive than ever before.

He noticed several men were starting to head toward them from near the truck- undoubtedly attracted by the barking and all the activity. There were more than Josey expected, and some of them were screaming and moving much faster than he thought possible- almost running.
CRAP! I thought the fast ones had all chased after the damn rabbit.
The brief feeling of exhilaration abandoned him as he limped away from them faster.
In the distance the door to the trailer opened and he saw an old man in the doorway waving for him to hurry forward.
The short man by the trailer turned, howled, and sprinted at Josey. As he started to run, his pants (which held three days of accumulated human waste) slid slowly down his legs. His speed dropped significantly as the heavily soiled pants slid past his knees, but he didn't stop his charge until the clothing dropped down around his ankles. Then only a few feet from Josey, Stinky lost any semblance of balance tumbled into the dirt grunted and started tearing at his filthy pants.
Under other circumstances such a sight would have probably made Josey laugh, but the screams the smelly man made were being answered by a chorus of other howling cries back where his truck was. He glanced back at the cellar steps and wished he'd stayed put.
As the short one was shredding and tearing at his pants, Josey quickly decided not to see how long it would take for him to finish his extremely unappealing striptease and detoured around him as he struggled to free himself.

Twenty feet from the fence the old man shouted, “Get down!” while pointing a gun at Josey.
Some people might have hesitated or looked behind to see what was back there, but the old man’s voice was powerful and commanding as it at least temporarily overrode the howling screams which seemed much closer. Hoping his knee wouldn't mutiny, Josey dived down onto the dirt road.
Three loud gunshots rang out, momentarily silencing the screamers.
Clutching his crowbar, he rolled onto his back and saw two men fall right behind him in the dust.
“Run damn it! I'm out of bullets!” the old man yelled.
Josey used the crowbar to help him stand up and felt his knee trembling as he tried to limp faster. A sense of dizziness began to overcome him and breathing harder in huge gasps, he staggered along the fence surrounding the trailer's front yard.
“Look out! Stinky's coming back!” the old man shouted.

Josey turned and there was the short man running toward him, naked except for a mostly shredded blood splattered dirty gray shirt.
It's amazing what the human mind will think of when confronted by a running, nearly naked, screaming, homicidal maniac sporting a noticeable flapping erection.
In Josey's case, he had to bite his tongue to keep from singing out loud the song that was playing in his head; the classic Ray Stevens’ song The Streak.
As he much too rapidly closed the distance, Josey noticed that Stinky had a rat-like face, a long nose and teeth that seemed unnaturally large and pointed. Since Boris was busy barking at the other group of men approaching from behind, he set the crowbar aside his chest hoping Stinky would impale his body against the tip. Watching Boris from the corner of his eye, he saw the dog was getting several of the others to chase him around in a circle by barking and leaping around excitedly. But two of them ignored or just weren’t interested in the dog and were quickly moving up on Josey's left side.
The short rat faced man leaped forward screaming and the crowbar tip missed its target area.
He’d been aiming for the rat-faced man's stomach, but instead it hit very painfully low. The scream changed to a different and very high pitch as blood poured out of his badly torn crotch, before he fell over on his side holding himself and grunting in misery.
Josey saw the little man was of no immediate danger and turned back for the trailer only to see the two other men were within striking distance. He didn't hesitate and rammed the crowbar into the closest one's face as hard as he could. Broken discolored chips of teeth rained down on the dusty ground as the man stumbled around. He was badly unbalanced by the long crowbar imbedded deep in the back of his throat with almost three feet of heavy metal hanging out of his heavily bleeding mouth.
As the first man stumbled around, Josey swung his toolbox like a club at the second man. There was a loud clang as it slammed into his head.
The designers at Craftsman undoubtedly had not designed the toolbox as a blunt object to be used in a battle against the undead, so the fact that the latches sprang open and everything inside fell out can probably be forgiven.
While not crushed, his head was badly dented and a blob of bright red blood oozed out of an ear and also coated the open toolbox where he'd hit him.
The bloody ear man seemed dazed for a moment, then staggered and fell into the road, tripping the one stumbling around with the crowbar impaled in the back of his throat. The man with the crowbar finally lost the battle for balance and fell face first down, ramming the crowbar almost completely through his head.
Josey bent down and pulled the crowbar out of the man's shattered skull as his injured knee trembled more with each passing moment. Everything around him seemed to become blurry and spun wildly. He felt near exhaustion as he tried to catch his breath.
Boris yelped and ran toward Josey while being chased by a couple dozen of the nastiest looking men, undead or alive, Josey had ever seen.
Feeling as if this was the longest walk of his life, he limped backward to the trailer calling out, “Boris, come on boy! Fun times ov- Argggh!” Josey screamed, feeling fingers pulling down on his bandaged knee and hopped on his uninjured leg as Stinky held onto his battle-scarred one. He struggled to keep his balance as he whacked the rat-faced man with the crowbar to get away.
Stinky once more fell to the ground.

Josey saw a man in a filthy and blood stained Obama/Biden '08 T-shirt with the word “Hope” printed on it, running impossibly fast at him while screaming.
He threw the empty toolbox at him and tried to hobble back along the fence to the gate. He was just opening the gate when he felt fingers clawing at one of his leather boots. He didn't need to look down to know the short stinky one was still around.
He was biting and chewing on his boot while holding it firmly in both hands; like a squirrel gnawing on a succulent nut. The other one didn't seem fazed by the toolbox and was only seconds away.
His body trembled harder as he felt more tired than at any time in his life. With his knee shuddering and sending urgent messages of intense agony, he leaned back against the gate in the fence and swung the crowbar weakly.
The undead Obama supporter only stumbled back a step when it hit him but did not fall.

With his crowbar free, Josey stabbed down at the smelly man on the ground and felt it crushing into the short man’s head. Stinky had been grunting as he chewed and clawed at his boot, but as the tip of the crowbar rammed its way into his skull, the rat-faced man said in perfectly understandable English, “Uh oh.”
Josey felt stunned and sick to his stomach by the combination of the heat, the cracking wet squelching noises of the crowbar entering the short stinky man's skull, and the near exhaustion from all the fighting. The chewing and clawing on his boot stopped, but the spasm in him felt stronger. Oh, no, not now, Josey thought a moment before he began to vomit while pulling the crowbar out of Stinky's smashed open skull.
The vomit shot out of his mouth like a garden hose, and a foul spray coated the man he'd hit with the crowbar moments earlier. He never believed you could throw up and laugh at the same time until that moment. The situation was far from funny, but Josey couldn't help laughing as the spray of vomit made up mostly of water and a few last remnants of his breakfast soaked the man’s hair, face, and presidential campaign shirt.
The madman had the strangest expression on his bloody face. It was almost like shock, confusion, and maybe a touch of disgust, but Josey wouldn't swear to the disgust part. Things were happening too fast for him be sure.
The Obama supporter moved forward dripping foulness and grunting louder.
Josey spun to meet him and felt his knee spasm again. It didn't 'pop' out of joint but hurt plenty. Screaming and falling back against the fence next to the gate, he weakly held the crowbar up at the fast approaching madman. In pain and near exhaustion he said a quick prayer. It was definitely not a proper prayer, as defined by most church denominations, but was heartfelt. God? A little help!?

Boris may have never been the answer to a prayer before. But just as the vomit covered zombie knocked the crowbar aside the dog leaped at full gallop and sent the Obama supporter rolling sideways and away from the nearly helpless Josey.
Fighting against the pain, he managed to grip his crowbar and crawl away from the zombie that Boris had just toppled and made his way as fast as possible through the gate in the chain link fence.
The dog continued to distract most of the enraged men by barking and running back and forth through their midst.
The zombie he'd just fought with, that Boris knocked over, was up and moving toward Josey yet again.
Josey stood shakily by the gate and whistled weakly for Boris. But the undead were much too close to leave the gate open. He slammed it shut and swung the crowbar at the one still dripping from his vomit on the other side of the fence.
He heard a yelp and then saw a blur of fur as Boris easily leaped over the fence. The dog turned around to bark ferociously at the assembled crowd of undead and infected men.
Several more zombies surrounded and leaned over the fence. They apparently were unable to figure out how to climb over it or lift the gate latch.
Leaning heavily on the crowbar, Josey staggered toward the open door of the trailer. He saw an old man and a cute kid standing in the doorway, as he slowly limped up the steps and smiled weakly at them.
The kid was petting Boris and asked the old man, “Can we keep him, grandpa?”

*****

The fat middle-aged executive wore a conservative gray suit while sitting on the edge of his high back leather chair and talked rapidly and loudly into his phone. “I don’t care how you make up the work! I don’t care if they don’t like it. Tell Pepe if he doesn’t like it he can come up here and swab my ass clean with his tongue!” He shouted then slammed down the phone so hard the plastic handset cracked.
Steven Keck was not a happy executive. He wiped his nose and saw blood staining his fingers.
“Not again,” he muttered and leaned back in his chair. Staring up at the ceiling of his office, he hollered, “Margaret!”
A few seconds later, the door opened and a lady dressed in a smart looking business suit came in holding a notepad. She stopped on the other side of the desk and slapped on a counterfeit smile, before asking, “Yes sir, did you call?”
“It's another damn nosebleed. Go get some ice out of my refrigerator and hurry.”
“Yes sir,” she said, walking to the bar in the corner of the office and prepared an icepack.

Margaret had just sent off another series of resumes and job inquiries moments before her boss bellowed and hoped to hear something soon. She'd been happy to get an executive assistant position at Beaumont Bio-Chemical Industries a few months earlier. At first she thought it was a dream come true. But while the job paid well, she would quit that very day, at half the money, if something else were available because her boss was a truly horrible excuse of a man.
“Hurry up. I’m bleeding to death,” he whined with an odd clogged nasal tone in his voice.
She stood beside her boss and held out the plastic bag of ice cubes.
He looked up at her and said, “You hold it on my nose. It makes my fingers too cold when I do it.”
“Yes sir,” she said, barely managing to suppress a sigh, and placed the bag on ice gently on his nose as he breathed hard through his mouth with his arms hanging out stretched on either side of his chair.

A few awkward moments passed before he asked, “Margaret, am I an unreasonable boss? Be honest.”
“No sir,” she lied while feeling her fingertips going numb while holding the bag of ice on his bloody nose.
“That’s what I thought. I work hard and provide jobs for hundreds of people at this plant. I pay a fair wage for an honest day’s work. And how do the ungrateful bastards repay me?”
There was a pause and she was uncertain if she should respond. She imagined saying what was on her mind and smiled. “Do you mean the bastards you pay slave wages to, most of whom happen to be working here illegally? The ones you don’t offer any benefits to? The bastards who get the privilege of washing and waxing your Mercedes every day on their lunch hour? The same poor bastards you sent home with a corpse just last week?” She shook her head while continuing to hold the bag of ice. She noticed his body trembling as he took a deep breath.
He saw her head shake and screamed, “They fuck me like a two dollar whore!” More blood dribbled from his nose. It ran down into his mouth and onto his chin.
She felt queasy and wanted to run away but stayed. “Mr. Keck, you should try to calm down. You don’t want to have another heart attack. Did you take your medicine this morning?”
“Calm down? I didn’t fire them all last Friday when not even one of them showed up or called in. But I have been calm and patient with them long enough. Every man has his breaking point.”
She looked at the smashed big flat screen TV, in the corner of his office and bit her tongue to keep from laughing. Keck smashed the television last Friday when he learned that none Juan's friends and neighbors had showed up for work. Margaret took a deep breath as he continued his rant.
“Someone had an unavoidable accident, and yes it was terrible, but for God’s sake I gave them a thousand bucks for his relatives. I didn’t have to do that. And how do they repay me?
The bastards all skipped work on Friday, and now after the weekend they all stayed home again today. I know damn well they're all getting drunk or high on drugs and sitting around laughing at me. Now, we’ve fallen so far behind the daily work quotas my supervisors are out for my blood.”
He took the bag of ice from her and said, “Go get Lopez or Guiteriz, over at the Sheriff's Department, on the phone. I want to make sure they got the message from my friends in Santa Fe.”
“Yes sir,” She said, and quickly left his office rubbing her fingers together trying to defrost them.
He tasted his salty, slightly coppery, blood that was dribbling into his mouth and grumbled, “No one fucks with Steven Keck.”


CHAPTER 5
The Holy Rollers

Lieutenant Bo Autry looked at the kid sitting behind the one way mirror-style window and wondered what the teenager's parents had been smoking when they named him. He glanced at the rap sheet and then back at the kid again.
Sixteen year old Yugo Samwise Wallace had been arrested seven times since his eleventh birthday. He was the only son of Dawn Mary and Randy Wallace whose current whereabouts were unknown. His parents were known almost affectionately as the 'Redneck Gourmets' due to their ability to produce a very successful line of Crystal Methamphetamine. There were outstanding warrants on both his parents related to a long list of drug related charges- most of which centered on the possession, sale, and manufacture of Crystal Meth. Their mug shots were on TV news shows and in newspapers with a frequency that many Hollywood actresses would be envious of. In addition to all the drug charges, the Bonnie and Clyde of the Redneck variety were also suspected in a few rather gruesome murders stretching back several years. Most of the dead would never be confused with choir boys. In fact, nearly all of them had records that involved some type of drug use or distribution charges. The murders were most notable for the wide variety of types of execution. None had been shot or stabbed, but perhaps the most infamous murder had been that of Jimmy Facker.

What was left of his burned body was found tied to a sign along the interstate that had the printed words Welcome to Beautiful Albuquerque. Under the state approved message, the Redneck Gourmets spray-painted Thou shalt not steal from us.
The coroner had never seen a death by alcohol infusion before and hoped never to see one again. The badly burned body contained almost no blood at all.
On the final autopsy report he wrote:

Subject appears to have had repeated blood lettings and infusions of alcohol, specifically tequila, before he was ignited. Given the sheer quantity of alcohol, subject was definitely dead before being burned.

Several witnesses described a man fitting the description of Randy Wallace fleeing the scene in a van identical to the one Yugo was driving when he was pulled over for speeding a few days earlier.

Bo heard the door to the hallway open and Captain Lopez came in carrying two cups of coffee and handed him one. Lopez was approaching retirement and was in a state of annoyingly perpetual good cheer lately. He bore a remarkable resemblance to Ricardo Montalban- an actor he always loved growing up especially for his work in the movie Star Trek, The Wrath of Khan.
But his favorite greeting for new inmates was actually from another show he'd often watched starring the late Montalban. He would walk into the prisoner lockup smiling and say, “Welcome to Fantasy Cell Block where all your fantasies come true, as long as they involve being raped by your cellmates.”
The only problem was that very few of the younger prisoners knew who he was doing an impression of.

Bo stared through the glass window and ran his free hand through the buzz cut hairstyle he wore and sipped his coffee. “He still won't say anything helpful. Just keeps saying he found the van he was driving and had no idea it had two hundred pounds of Meth in the back. Plus an impressive amount of firearms including my personal favorite- a highly illegal, fully automatic AK-47 Assault Rifle,” Bo said holding the cup with both hands, enjoying the coffee's warmth.
The captain smiled and looked down at the middle-aged lieutenant. “I think our long haired friend may be telling us a fib. Not even a very good one since the van was last registered to his parents according to the computer records,” Lopez said, leaning against the door and looking bemused.
“We've been sweating him since last Thursday and now his lawyer is pressing hard for Juvenile Hall. I heard he's even got a judge seriously considering it. I think the kid may be out of our hands before long. If they take him over to Juvie we may never know where his parents are hiding,” Bo said in a tone of voice that showed his growing frustration and anger.
“The Redneck Gourmets would most certainly be nice to find. Let's go ask him very nicely where they are again and see what happens,” Lopez said, tossing his empty coffee cup in the trashcan and opening the door.

Yugo was an unhappy teenager. His long greasy hair hung down past his shoulders as he stared at his acne covered reflection in the big mirror on the opposite wall. Having stared at the reflection over the last three days he thought maybe a little trip to the hairstylist was in order... if he ever got out of here. He felt the cold handcuffs and heard the metal clink as he tried to get more comfortable. The cuffs were attached to a bolt on front center edge of his chair, between his knees, and he couldn't raise his hands any higher than the tabletop in front of him.
His nose ring stud was itching like crazy and he leaned down to wipe it on the tabletop. He was still rubbing his nose on the table when he heard the door open.
“See what I mean, Bo? When I was a kid I used a handkerchief to wipe my nose, but kids today just wipe their snotty snouts anywhere,” Lopez said, walking around to the other side of the table and looking at Yugo with a sly grin.
“It's the upbringing, Cap, it’s not his fault. It’s certainly not his fault that he'll be spending the rest of his life in prison for being caught driving a van that he ‘found’ which just happened to have a couple hundred pounds of Meth and a nice assortment of guns in the back. And it was probably just a wild fluke that it just happened to coincidentally be registered in his parent’s name.”
Yugo looked at his reflection with a bored expression and ignored the officers. He'd heard it all before and knew under the law he was going to Juvenile Hall, not prison. He smiled slightly at himself in the mirror.

“Well, Yugo, I certainly can't blame you for protecting your parents. But I bet they're probably pretty concerned about you by now,” Bo said, shaking his head in exaggerated sadness. “Just think about your dear old mom worrying about you. She probably can't even sleep from staying up wondering if you're dead or alive.
You know, I can remember back when I was your age, Yugo. I went on a scouting trip for two weeks. When I got back home my dad told me all she did was worry while I was gone.”
“You told me about that once,” Lopez said, looking at Bo with a sympathetic expression on his face. “Didn't your dad have to take her to hospital or something?”
“Yeah, my mom got to worrying so much about me she forgot to take her medicine and suffered some kind of Diabetic seizure. My parents never told me about it, but my Aunt Abby told me all about how they had to take her to the Emergency Room. She said it had been a very close call.”

Yugo stiffened slightly when Bo said the words Diabetic seizure. It was a small thing, but both officers noticed it. They had access to all the Redneck Gourmets medical records including the fact that Yugo's mother, Dawn Mary Wallace, had been suffering from rampant unchecked diabetes for most of the last decade.

Bo snapped his fingers and had a look like inspiration had just hit. He looked up at the captain saying, “You know, Cap, since he's going to be transferred to Juvenile Hall just about any time now-” Lopez gave Bo a royally pissed off look as Bo continued, “...maybe we could cut the kid a break.”
“He's not going to Juvie and you know it, Bo,” Lopez said, through gritted teeth as his eyes flashed at him saying clearly with no words, “What the Hell are you doing?”
“Come on, Cap, he's not stupid. Our friend, Yugo, knows he'll probably be sprung sometime this afternoon and then what? Months, who knows, maybe years before he can even see a phone let alone use one. I have an idea,” he said, pulling his cell phone out of his shirt pocket and setting it in front of Yugo almost within reach.
“Just give us the address where your parents are and you can give them a call. Heck, we'll even step outside so you can have a little privacy,” Bo said, patting the teenager gently on the shoulder.
Yugo looked away from the mirror and up at Bo, then glanced at the captain who seemed genuinely furious. His dad always said cops were, “the stupidest fuckers ever given guns,” yet Yugo still had his doubts.
If I could really use the phone, for just a few minutes, what would it hurt to give them a fake address? Yugo wondered. He felt undecided and hopeful at the same time.

“I'm sure you're thinking it's a trick but it really isn't. You're a smart kid and I'm sure you know how to erase the recent calls on a cell phone, right? All you need to do is tell us where-”
Captain Lopez interrupted, “You've got to be kidding me, Bo. He won't give us a real address. We'll be lost wandering the whole damn desert for weeks if we follow his directions. Just put the phone back in your pocket and let’s get out of here. I'm sick of looking at the little snot nosed bastard.”
Bo looked genuinely sad as he picked up the phone and put it back in his shirt pocket. “Yeah you're probably right.” But as he joined Lopez walking out, he gave Yugo a wink and patted him once again on the shoulder.

The teenager sat alone after the door closed and thought of his mom. While it was undeniably true that she wasn't much of a mother- she was all he'd ever had. He couldn't help feeling worried about her and felt tears leaking from his eyes as he stared at the table.
While Yugo may have had a long rap sheet, he was still just a young teenager who felt very alone and realized he might never see his mom or dad ever again. Mom does have a bad case of diabetes. She already lost both feet last winter. She really could die any day now, he thought miserably and cried harder, lowering his head down on the tabletop.

“I almost screwed that up, didn't I?” Lopez said, smiling and blushing out in the hallway.
“Nope, it was a spur of the moment idea, and actually I'm really glad you said what you did. I just realized Yugo, aside from being saddled with one of the worst names I've ever heard of, is still just a kid. He'll make the call.”

Ten minutes later, Yugo had managed to stop crying and was still sitting with his face down on the tabletop when Bo walked back into the room alone. He leaned down and set the phone in front of the boy within easy reach, saying, “Tell me the address and don't tell the captain that I let you borrow my phone. I really need this, Yugo. You can help us both out. Give me the address and I'll testify on your behalf when the charges against you go to court. If we bring in your parents, I'll even push for you to get probation and that's a promise. You could be a free man by this time next week.”
Bo opened the door to the hallway and added, “You can talk for five minutes then I'll come back for the phone. Just hit the clear recent dialed numbers button. Honestly, Yugo, I hate sending you away without a last chance to talk to your mom.”
He patted him on the back again.
“Hell, I don't care what you say. Tell her the cops are coming to get her and your dad. Tell her what’s in your heart, son. Tell your mom you love her. If you don’t believe me, and still think this is some kind of a trick, just take a look at the mirror. Go on, look.”
Yugo lifted his head and looked up at the mirror. He could see the inside of the observation room was empty. The lights were on in the room and now it was just a regular two way glass window. He looked up at Bo, with a faint hope in his eyes, cleared his throat and said, “They're set up cooking Meth at 2358 Longhorn Way. It's just north of town.”
Bo wrote the address in a little black leather notepad. He patted Yugo again and walked out into the hall. “Go ahead, talk to your mom. It’s okay. I'll be back in five minutes,” he said, closing the door.

Alone in the interrogation room, Yugo held the phone and checked to make sure it worked. He saw there was a good strong signal before playing with the buttons until he found the erase all dialed numbers button. He quickly called his mom’s cell phone while warily watching the observation room, ready to hit the erase button in case the cop came back in trying to trick him.
An electronic voice announced, “The number you are dialing is unavailable. To leave a message press one.”
He hit the button and for the next three minutes told his mom he loved her and was sorry he got caught. And warned them they should be careful even though he'd given the cops the address to an empty lot where he used to sell Meth. Then he pushed the buttons to erase the number he'd dialed. The boy smiled smugly, thinking, Dad was right, cops really are morons.

Bo walked in and set a can of soda on the table in front of the boy with a straw sticking out, and retrieved his phone. “Your ride to Juvenile Hall is here. I hope everything works out for you, kid. You did the right thing,” Bo said, as he walked back into the hallway.
Lopez smiled and shook Bo's hand as they went to his office to retrieve the ‘erased’ number.
Meth heads are so much fun to deal with at times, Bo thought as they walked down the hall chuckling.

Ten minutes later they'd retrieved the number but weren't happy.
“It must be in an area without cell coverage or she might have it turned off,” Lopez speculated, as he tapped a badly chewed wooden pencil on his notepad.
There was a knock on the door, and Captain Brett Wyatt was invited in.
Bo yawned and leaned back in his chair as they discussed the ICE, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, raid scheduled for early the next morning. After several minutes of discussion, as Lopez looked over the map of the trailer park, he asked, “Bo, do you want to buddy up with Wyatt on tomorrow’s raid?”
“You might have to speak up a bit,” Wyatt whispered.
Lopez looked up and saw Bo had fallen asleep while sitting in his chair.
“Well, he's had a busy last few days,” the captain said, shrugging. “Why don't you take that new kid, Holmes, Thomas Holmes, with you? He's scheduled for duty at midnight anyway. I'll tell him he can sleep until-” he consulted the paperwork for the raid before continuing, “six in the morning then you two can go out and play backup for the kids from ICE.”
“Whoopity doo,” Wyatt said, in a tone of voice that suggested a distinct lack of excitement at the prospect.
“It'll be a cakewalk. We've never had any serious trouble with the guys living out there, and frankly I think it's all a waste of time. But Keck over at Beaumont Industries has his panties in a bunch because only half of his employees showed up for work on Friday and this morning. Keck's an idiot. He probably did something that pissed them off and that’s why they didn't show up. Hell, I'd bet twenty bucks they've just picked up stakes and already moved on.
But you know he's got friends in the capital, so when they called ICE for a raid they had an order for it by noon and lucky you- you get to ride shotgun.” 
“It’s a fucking waste of time,” Wyatt noted, looking at the map of the trailer park.
Lopez smiled and said, “True enough. I bet you guys have either got them all rounded up by noon tomorrow, or you'll find a bunch of empty trailers with no forwarding addresses.”
“I'll take that bet. I'm afraid we'll be out there all day chasing them through the desert,” Wyatt said, grunting as he heaved himself to a standing position with his big belly hanging over his belt.
“Well a little exercise certainly won't kill you,” Lopez said, chuckling.

*****

The convenience store’s parking lot was deserted except for an old green station wagon that was parked by a rusty trash dumpster. A sign on the store's roof had three foot tall red letters that spelled out COLD DRINKS. There was a large, slightly dented, rusty, ice machine out front with its door hanging open. Taped just above it was a handwritten sign that had the words OUT of order on it. The road north was deserted as far as the eye could see.
An almost foot long Whiptail lizard was lazily sunning itself on the pavement, which was partially covered in dust and sand. It had been resting in the center of the road for over an hour and was undisturbed by any traffic in all that time. It felt a slight vibration and lazily looked down the road.
From the south two dots gradually grew in size, as the mid-afternoon sun grilled the surrounding sandy landscape.
The lizard scampered into a ditch that ran along the road after watching the dots slowly grow larger.

Two sweaty young men pedaled their ten speed bicycles into the parking lot and leaned them next to a bench that was in front of the store's big glass window. On the back on the bench there was a faded painted advertisement for an attorney in Albuquerque named Saul but the last name was impossible to read.
It was the only open store the two men had seen since they left Albuquerque and that was twenty five miles back. They walked stiffly to the front door, passing by an overflowing trashcan that was being orbited by a small swarm of yellow jackets, wasps, and other insects.
A big thermometer shaped like a Saguaro Cactus was mounted next to the door. It indicated the temperature was 104 degrees.
The bell rang over the door and the clerk watched the two young men dressed in nearly identical white long sleeve shirts, thin black ties, black slacks, and wearing backpacks walk in. The store was lit mostly from sunlight that poured through the large glass windows. There were a few missing floor tiles and a light layer of dust and sand made the floor a bit slippery.
They both noticed the signs in English and Spanish threatening prosecution for shoplifting, taped to both the door and under the counter. The building smelled almost as old as it looked, yet they were happy just to be inside away from the broiling heat.
The clerk wore an old faded name tag that suggested her name was Daphne. She turned down the small portable TV set on a shelf and looked up at them as they walked over to the counter.

“Bathroom is behind the cooler, over yonder. Try not to pee on the floor. I hate cleaning up back there,” the lady behind the counter said, while handing over a key that was attached by a metal chain to a rusty hubcap to the older looking man. She thought he looked about twenty five years old.
He took the key and handed it to the younger man who appeared to be barely out of his teens. The younger one looked grateful before quickly walking past the cooler while the older man smiled at her.
“Well, may the Good Lord bless you, young lady. You are truly a caring person and I thank you with all sincerity. My name is Issac Collins and my young friend is Jeremiah Whitfield. We're traveling across the country spreading the Good News of Jesus to any one with the good sense to listen.” He pulled a glossy pamphlet out of his backpack and handed it to her.
She held it with her fingertips suspiciously and set it on the counter before looking back at the man. Daphne resisted saying exactly what she thought about two young fools who would voluntarily ride around the desert on bicycles. Customers had been scarce for quite awhile and she smiled weakly at the sweaty man. “Is there anything I can help you boys with?” She asked, continuing to put on her most convincing fake smile.
“When my friend, Jeremiah, gets back we might do a little shopping. Tell me-,” he squinted at her dirty name tag, “Daphne, do you have a personal relationship with the Lord, young lady?”
She rolled her eyes and exercised all her will power not to spit in the pompous holy roller's smiling face. Young lady he says- she just shook her head thinking, either he needs his eyes checked or he's shoveling it mighty hard for the Lord. She knew all too well that she was forty nine years old and weighed in at probably double the weight of the two Bible thumping creeps put together. Swallowing the spit she'd worked up during his annoying question, with more than a little regret that she didn't baptize him with it, she started to speak. “Listen, whatever your name is, I-,” she began, when he interrupted.
“Issac Collins, ma'am,” he said, with a slight bow.
She waved her hand dismissively and said, “Whatever. You don't have any business in my relationship with the Lord. Whether my relationship is personal, public, professional, or even sexual, ain't none of your damn business.” She saw his face turn bright crimson and smiled before continuing. “If you and your friend want to purchase some crap that's fine, otherwise go hop on those bicycles I saw you two riding a minute ago and peddle your business somewhere else.” She got a strange look on her face for a few seconds, before breaking out laughing as she realized what she'd said.

Issac feared some sort of demonic possession was at work in her, and asked, “Are you alright, ma'am?”
“I said get on your bikes and peddle your business somewhere else. Don't you get it, boy? You guys pedal your bikes, and I didn't even think about that until I said peddle.” She burst out laughing again and beat the dirty counter top next to the cash register with her meaty fist.
The empty take a penny leave a penny cup clattered to the floor and rolled under the beef jerky display as Issac nervously backed up a couple of steps. He looked genuinely bewildered and glanced back to see if Jeremiah was done with the restroom yet. He wasn't sure what was wrong with the lady behind the counter and walked back a couple more paces as she laughed even harder.
She coughed and had trouble catching her breath while laughing uncontrollably.
Her laugh reminded him of the way sea lions barked and he was ashamed to admit that, in the back of his mind, he felt tempted to find a fish to toss at her.
At first Daphne had been laughing at her inadvertent turn of phrase, but as the Bible thumper backed away she found herself laughing at his reaction more than anything else. She started seeing spots and had to turn away from his hilarious looking befuddled face out of fear that she might pass out. She looked at the dead roaches on the floor behind the counter and felt the laughter slowly fade away.

“What's so funny? Jeremiah asked and placed the key on the counter as Daphne slowly stopped laughing.
She looked at the wet, slick backed, short, dark, hair on the teenager and was painfully reminded of all those evangelists who always begged for money on TV. Her mother died only two years earlier and all she left were piles of debt; That, and stacks of thank you letters from a wide variety of churches she'd been supporting without regard to her daughter or herself. She stopped laughing and looked at the newcomer shaking her head. “Absolutely nothing, nothing's funny. Is there anything else I can help you kids with?”
Jeremiah smiled sweetly at her, and asked, “Pardon me, ma'am, but do you have a personal relationship with the Lord?” as Issac tried to shut him up.
The last remnants of her smile were gone by the time he finished the question.
“Come along, Jeremiah, I think we should-,” Issac began but Daphne jumped in and finished the sentence if not precisely how he’d intended.
“Get the fuck out of here!” She yelled while reaching under the counter for something as Issac quickly pulled his confused friend through the exit.
They jumped on their bicycles and began pedaling as Daphne came lumbering through the door, swinging an old somewhat dented aluminum baseball bat. “Ride on, holy rollers! Get your fuck stick asses out of here! And don't come back!” She bellowed as they quickly pedaled side by side down the almost deserted road.
A fast moving, old, long, tan colored, dust covered, Winnebago motor home was taking up both lanes of the road ahead and its engine roared as it came closer. It was driven by a middle-aged man with a goatee that was wearing a black hat. The driver sounded the motor home's horn and Issac and Jeremiah swerved out of the way as a young man in the passenger seat yelled out of his window, “Yo, bitches! Out the way!” The motor home then continued speeding down the remote two lane highway toward the interstate that led to Albuquerque.
The air around the two lane road was filled with dust and exhaust fumes, and both young men turned onto a narrower road and continued quickly riding away from the convenience store.

“What did you say to get her so upset while I was in the bathroom?” Jeremiah asked, a few minutes later, while glancing over his shoulder at the speck of a store in the distance. He also saw a cloud of dust over the road that the motor home was driven down.“Did you call her fat or something?”
“I most certainly did not. Some people are just hard to talk to,” Issac said, slapping dust off his shirt and trying to sound wise to his young friend. “I suspect she had a lot of personal issues with God and when we find some shade I plan on doing some serious praying for her soul and whoever those people were in that motor home that almost ran us over.”
Jeremiah looked around and said, “Hold up. Stop a minute.” He pulled his compass from his shirt pocket and said, “This thing says we're heading west and we're supposed to be going north. I think we made a wrong turn back at that store. Maybe we should go back and try again.”
Both young men looked at the distant store and after a few seconds Issac said, “I think we'll be alright if we keep going this way. Plus, I believe the road is actually going downhill this way so we won't have to pedal quite so hard.”
“Okay by me, but just keep in mind what Brother Derek always says about taking the easy path.”
Issac laughed before quoting his old teacher, “The road to Hell is always downhill.”
Jeremiah called back, “So, that lady back at the gas station swinging the baseball bat, was she the gatekeeper, Charon? And if so, do you think this road were on is called Styx?”
“I think you’re mixing religion with Greek mythology. Styx was the mythological river that Charon the ferry man crossed to escort sinners to Hades. And no, I doubt she was the gatekeeper of Hell,” Issac said, grinning as he actually sort of thought she could do the job.

A minute later, they rode to the edge of a small canyon and looked down the descending two mile long switch backing dirt road. The valley looked isolated and peaceful in a world where everyone was rushing about committing sins and never even pausing to consider God's plan for their lives.
Jeremiah got off his bike, set the kickstand, and walked over to the edge of the road. Looking down at an old small wooden sign that had fallen over years earlier he kicked at the sand and rocks that covered it and was barely able to make out the words Albuquerque Springs Trailer Park, 2 miles. As he looked back into the valley Jeremiah was overcome with an unaccountably queasy feeling in the pit of his stomach.
There were small patches of trees and plants to the left and right sides of the trailer park. A big house on the far side of the valley and a couple dozen trailers were visible, here and there, yet most of it appeared empty. “Looks like a ghost town. Might not even be anyone down there, you know. And if there's no one there we'll have to push our bikes back up when we leave,” Jeremiah said, kicking a stone and looking hopefully at Issac. “Maybe we should skip it- just pass it by- and go find somewhere more inviting.”
“What the heck are you talking about? I think I can see a couple of people walking around down there,” Issac said, pointing at the distant figures wandering toward some of the trailers. “They're just people and it’s a good bet we could be of spiritual help to some of them. That is our mission, by the way, in case you forgot.”
Jeremiah cleared his throat and looked back the way they'd come. “I can't put it into words. I just have a bad feeling about this place. I know it’s just my imagination, but I really think we should just pass it by.” He walked over and climbed on his bike and looked expectantly at Issac to see what he would say.
Issac also felt something in the pit of his stomach as he looked into the valley but didn't want to admit it. Instead, he turned to Jeremiah and said, “You say we should pass on by and not visit the people down there. Do I need to remind you of the story of Luke Chapter Ten about the Good Samaritan?” He saw Jeremiah sigh and look up at the sky before continuing. “Okay, just let me summarize it for you. There was a man who was hurt and needed help yet a priest who saw him did not take the time to render aid- he passed on by. Also a Levite who worked in the temple saw him in need and passed on by. The hurt man would surely have died had the Samaritan also passed on by but he didn't. He took the man and helped him. You do realize who the Lord was telling people to be like, right?”
Jeremiah looked at his friend and nodded saying, “So, we're a couple of bike riding Samaritans- wandering the highways looking to right wrongs and serve justice? Sort of like a two man A-Team that shares the good news of God?”
Issac smiled and said, “You got that right. And if we're the A-Team I get to be Hannibal you can be-”
“I call Face Man, on account of my incredible good looks,” Jeremiah interrupted and struck a heroic pose.
“Hey, Face Man, let's rest under the shade of that tree and have some lunch. Then we’ll go down and visit with the good people of Albuquerque Springs Trailer Park.”
Jeremiah nodded and tried to assign his nervous feeling regarding the valley to the unpleasantness at the store and the motor home that nearly ran them over. They walked the bikes over to the only nearby tree outside the valley and enjoyed a lunch of ham sandwiches, warm bottled water, and stale potato chips while sitting in the shade.


CHAPTER 6
The Power of Beer & Prayer

The beer was warm, almost flat, not his favorite brand, and yet it tasted fantastic to Josey.
The two men were sitting at the kitchen table as Billy and Boris shared animal shaped cookies and listened to Johnny Cash, who Grandpa called the Man in Black. Billy sang softly along with Johnny about something called The Orange Blossom Special that was playing on a small battery operated transistor radio that looked like something purchased from a Radio Shack sometime in the early 1970s.

Josey was halfway through his second beer when the old man asked, “Do do you think somebody will be coming to look for you? And if so, how long will it take?”
He considered for a few moments before saying, “That’s kind of hard to say, sir. I've got a few more appointments scheduled for today, but usually no one's around when I drain the tanks. So I doubt any customers will call the office to complain today when I don't show up.
The boss usually skips out of work early on Mondays, so it could be tomorrow morning before anyone notices I didn't come back today and turn in my checks and reports. Then maybe they'll call Mrs. Remlap to see if I came out here today.”
“But the phone lines have been out of service since those idiots knocked down the utility pole last Friday,” the old man said and took a sip from his plastic water bottle.
“And cell phones have never worked in this valley, so mine's worthless,” Josey said, glaring at the silver colored phone on the yellow table top. “If someone could get up to the valley's rim I'm sure it would work fine. Only problem is, I don't think either of us would be able to make the trip.”
“I could get up there, grandpa. I run really fast. When I got to the top of the valley I could dial 911, just like they taught us to do in school, and then the police would come save us,” Billy said as he fed Boris another animal cracker.
The old man’s face turned pale as he shuddered and choked on the water he'd been drinking.
Josey smiled at the kid and said, “Yeah, I bet you could too, but I don't think it would be fair to those zombies. I bet they'd just give up after only a few seconds of chasing you. Nope. I know you could do it, but it just wouldn't be very fair.” He gave the old man a wink that Billy couldn't see before continuing. “Besides, nobody really needs to go get help. I bet by tomorrow, or Wednesday at the latest, the police or maybe the army will be here and we'll all be rescued. Heck kid, you and your grandpa will probably even get your pictures in the newspaper.” He spread his hands out as if reading an invisible newspaper, “It might say something like, local heroes beat zombies.”
“Hey now, Billy boy, why don't you go show that dog the toys in your room?” The old man asked in a soft shaky sounding voice while gently rubbing the left side of his chest.
Billy got up with his box of cookies and trotted down the hall with Boris following. The dog went slower and sniffed the floor as if to see if any of the cookies had escaped the box.
Josey watched as they went back to the bedroom.

“Thanks for what you said. He's a good boy and I'd die to protect him, but when he suggested wandering out of the valley to make a phone call I felt my heart skip more than a few beats,” the old man said, still lightly rubbing his sunken chest. “You want another beer?”
“No thanks, but I'm curious why your mailman didn’t notice anything when he dropped off the mail down here? I'll grant you that I've been in post offices where the workers seemed about as intelligent and moved about as fast as zombies, but I just don't get it,” Josey said, staring out the window.
“Son, we haven't had mail delivery down here since that horny bastard Clinton was president. We have to pick up mail in town at the post office. A buddy of mine, Craig Hotchkiss, comes down to visit maybe twice a month and we go to town and get groceries and pick up the mail.” He looked at the young man and shook his head before continuing. “Before you ask, he was down here just last Wednesday so I don't think he'll be coming by anytime soon.”
“If you just went to the grocery store why are you almost out of food?” Josey asked, looking at the few cans of food lined up on the counter next to the stove. There were only nine cans left. Five were Ravioli and the rest were heavily salted pork products.
“Refrigerator was stuffed to the gills, but after four days with no electricity the food in there was all rotten. Even with the refrigerator door shut it still stinks to high heaven. I ate until I thought I'd burst Friday before the food could go bad. Billy and Maria had ice cream for breakfast and lunch, but by Saturday the food started smelling funky. If we ever get out of this mess I'm going to need a new refrigerator and that's for sure.”
Josey looked back at him. “I'm still confused about that girl you mentioned, Maria. Where did she and her brother go?”
“Miguel left after dark on Friday. He planned to sneak up and out the valley along the road. Then flag down a car and get some help out here, but...”
Josey picked up the story. “Something must have happened to him.”
The old man nodded and a tear trickled down his face. “He was one the zombies I shot as you were making your way over here. At least, it sure looked like him.” He wiped his wrinkled face with his handkerchief and blew his nose. Staring out the window, once more, he lit a cigarette and slid the pack over to Josey.
Josey held one and was about to light it when he asked, “And the girl?” 
The old man looked out the window as if in a trance then shook his head and yawned hugely before speaking. “Maria begged Miguel not to go. He promised it would be okay and left as she sat, cried, and prayed for him. I think I heard a brief yell about five minutes after he left, and I hoped it was just a coyote or maybe one of The Screamers.
Billy and Maria played games Saturday and most of Sunday, but gradually she became more and more quiet. She and I never talked about her brother and why no help had come.” He shook his head and looked at his cigarette for a moment before continuing. “She woke me up early last night, maybe an hour or so after it got dark outside, and said she was going to try and sneak up to Remlap’s house on the other side of the trailer park and get help. I argued with her for a few minutes until she finally said Thank you and may God Bless you and Billy, but I'm going, and just up and left.
She's a brave girl, but I think she was nuts to try it. Miguel at least had the right direction in mind, up the road out of this damned valley of death... or undeath and go find help. Hell, even if she made it up there I don't know what Phyliss Remlap could do to help. She's even older than me... at least I think she is.” He ground out the cigarette's remains in the glass ashtray that had a picture of the Frontier Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas painted on it. Leaning back in the chair, he yawned and appeared thoroughly exhausted as his eyelids slid down.

“So there’s you, Billy, Mrs. Remlap, Maria, and me? Everyone else down here is dead, violently insane, or some kind of undead zombie?”
The colonel opened his eyes and appeared lost in thought. “I hadn’t even considered him until you just asked, but there could be one other person still alive down here. The only problem is he’s been crazy as a shit house rat since he moved in, sometime back in the late 80's.
His name is Charlie Farro, but I doubt he’d be much help. He’s sort of a cross between a hermit and a survivalist nut. I've spoken to him a few times, and I think he's fried every brain cell he ever had. He even tried to sell me marijuana a few times.” He chuckled and shook his head before continuing. “His memory must be shot to Hell. Every time I see him he always asks if I need any pot. I always say no but he keeps asking.”
“Where does he live?” Josey asked, leaning forward.
“I haven’t seen him since last Christmas. He has a trailer hidden down a dirt road that runs near Remlap’s house. I've seen him riding one of those scooter things. I don't know what it is exactly, but he usually trades marijuana with the Mexicans for rides into town or for favors.
Of course, even if he’s not a zombie, I wouldn’t trust him or put much hope in him as a source of help. He’s been growing and smoking marijuana since he came back from the war, and I suspect most of his brain cells are working about as well as our screamer 'friends' wandering around outside. Plus, he seems extremely paranoid. So, he might be fairly dangerous to approach anyway,” the old man said, yawned hugely and leaned his head back against the wall.
“Go catch a nap. I'll keep an eye on Billy,” Josey said, staring out the window with the binoculars.
“I might just do that, thanks, son,” the old man said, holding the table with one hand and his cane in the other. Grunting softly he leaned on his cane and hobbled toward the hallway.
“No problem, sir,” Josey said, staring at his abandoned truck sitting in the distance.

After spending a good bit of the afternoon reading the notebook of observations on the habits of the undead and crazy men Josey developed a great respect for the old man. Josey sipped some water, stared at the truck for a long time, and tried to think of a way out of their mess.
The kitty cat shaped clock on the wall, with its swinging pendulum tail, made a soothing ticking sound as he kept watch. Time seemed to slow down as he stared at nothing in particular then stopped altogether.

*****

Issac hummed the theme song to the A-Team as they started down the road into the valley, but as they made a turn on the first switch back he fell silent. With a growing inexplicable sense of unease, he was surprised to hear himself softly reciting the Twenty Third Psalm as they made a turn on the curving road that led down into the trailer park. He had just finished the line, “Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: For thou art with me-” when he heard a distant scream from somewhere below and said, “Hey, Jeremiah, hold up a second,” and pulled his bike to the side of the dusty road.
He looked uneasily down the hillside as Jeremiah came over and asked, “What's up?”
“Did you hear something just a few seconds ago? Might have sounded like a scream?” Issac asked nervously, as he looked back up the road then down at the valley while nervously licking his lips.
“Nope. But it could easily have been a coyote or something, right?”
“I grew up in New Hampshire. How would I know what a coyote sounds like?” Issac asked, opening his backpack and sipping some water from a plastic bottle.
“You must never have watched cowboy movies growing up. No wonder you're so freaked out. I always watched the complete John Wayne collection with my dad growing up. Coyotes howls sound a lot like screams, sometimes, and I bet this valley probably has a pack of them down there.”
Issac appeared doubtful.
“Here watch this, I'll show you,” Jeremiah said, getting off his bike and clearing his throat.
“What are you doing?”
“If there are coyotes down there they'll howl back, guaranteed. Course, I haven't done a coyote call since I was a Wilderness Scout but I think it goes something like this,” Jeremiah said, tilting his head up and taking a deep breath before unleashing a long deep throaty howl that might have been a good impression of a coyote- but mostly it just sounded like a scream to Issac. Jeremiah coughed and smiled at the end then listened to the answering calls from below.
Several screams echoed back across the valley in answer, and Jeremiah spread his arms. “See? What did I tell you, it’s just a bunch of coyotes or something like that. Have a little faith. I was a great Wilderness Scout and know all about the Old West. Did I ever tell you who my dad named me after?”
“I would think probably the Prophet Jeremiah, from the Bible,” Issac said, putting his bottle of water in his backpack and climbing on his bike.
Jeremiah laughed. “Close, but no cigar. Actually, I used to think that too until one day my dad told me the truth. He showed me a movie called Jeremiah Johnson. It was all about how a guy survived all alone in the wilderness. I remember watching it with him and when the movie was over he asked me what I thought about it.
I said it was pretty cool. Then he bent over and whispered, so my mom wouldn't hear, I was thinking about this movie when I named you.”
“Were you upset he named you after a movie?” Issac asked, as they slowly rode their bikes down the road.
“Nope, I was just glad he didn't name after something like Butch Cassidy or Rocky, another couple of movies he loved to watch with me. I always wondered what it would have been like growing up with the name Rocky- Probably would have gotten into a lot of fights.”

They coasted to a stop at the last turn going into the valley and saw some cars that were wrecked by the entrance. There didn't seem to be anyone around as they looked at the nearest trailers.
“Maybe they're all inside watching TV with the air conditioner on,” Jeremiah said hopefully, looking at the birds scattered around the park. “Are those vultures down there?” He asked, pointing at some big birds by one of the trailers.
“We don't have vultures in New Hampshire either. Lots of pigeons but I'm pretty sure I never saw a vulture there,” Issac said, turning around and looking at the long steep road they had just come down.
“Still got that bad feeling, don't you? I know I sure do. This place somehow feels wrong. Like I said earlier, it feels like a ghost town or something. I realize this will sound crazy, but I'm more than a little scared and I'm not ashamed to admit it,” Jeremiah said, warily staring at the nearest trailers.
“Okay, I've got a plan. You stay here and I'll ride down and see if anyone's home. If there's any problem you can-” He broke off his sentence, unable to think of what his young friend could do if there was trouble.
“No. I'm coming too. I'm just saying we should go slow and quiet before we announce ourselves. Not sneaking,” he quickly added as Issac appeared shocked. “Just go in quiet and see if everything is alright before we start shouting howdy.”
“Don't be scared, Jeremiah. We are on a mission to spread the Good Word, and I know that whatever happens is God's will. We rode through those public housing projects in Detroit last fall and somehow miraculously managed not to get shot or robbed. We just need to keep the faith, and God will see us through anything. As to shouting howdy, or sneaking, we'll just have to play it by ear.” And with that, Issac started his bike rolling down the hill.
Jeremiah followed but didn't feel very much like the brave mountain man that he was named after. He also didn't feel like a charismatic A-Team member. In truth, he felt exactly like what he was- a scared teenager.

Issac rode fast between the two wrecked cars and noticed the downed utility pole as he continued toward a few trailers off to his left. He braked to a stop after spotting a blood splattered, rumpled, white sheet on a picnic table and turned to Jeremiah with a finger raised to his lips.
They stared wide eyed at the debris of liquor bottles and something they couldn't identify a few yards away. It looked vaguely like a lump of bloody meat being picked at by several big birds, that they both had no doubt were indeed vultures. The stillness was shattered by the creak of one of the car doors they had just ridden past.
They both turned to look at the fattest man either of them had ever seen and he was naked except for a pair of almost neon pink underwear but that wasn't what made them both gasp in shock. The fat man had a big black bird on top of his bloody head yanking at his torn scalp.
“Um, Issac what do we-” Jeremiah's question died on his lips as he heard noises coming from the trailer in front of them and saw several bloody men stumble down the stairs walking, then almost trotting, toward them.
“Follow me!” Issac shouted while turning his bike toward the old house at the far end of the park. “Don't look back, just ride, damn it!”
Issac didn't need to turn to see if Jeremiah followed because within seconds he passed him. 
They rode hard and fast as screams filled the air that neither of them any longer believed belonged to coyotes.

*****

The door to the trailer burst open with a tremendous crash and several zombies ran inside. All of them were snarling, covered in blood, and screaming maniacally.
Josey reached for his crowbar, but it was no longer where he'd put it.
They apparently didn't notice him sitting at the kitchen table and chased after Boris. The terrified dog had awoken from where he'd been sleeping fitfully by the front door. Boris yelped and ran down the narrow hallway to the back of the trailer where the old man and boy were sleeping.
Josey quickly looked around and picked up a mop leaning against the wall and ran after them after slamming the front door shut again as he hurried by.
Billy was screaming in the first room by the time Josey ran inside.
The attackers had already torn one of his slender arms off and were devouring the boy as he screamed and cried horribly.
Josey gripped the wooden mop handle tightly and hit the nearest ghoulish man who smelled faintly of vomit. But the wooden mop stick shattered into several small pieces on impact. He grabbed the nearest man and tried to pull him off the convulsing boy sprawled across the bed, but he was too strong to pull away and instead kept biting and tearing at Billy.
Josey stared at Billy as the boy's eyes turned black.
The boy stopped screaming as he fell to the floor and began to grunt and shuddered.
Hearing Boris barking further back in the trailer, Josey turned and ran down the hall. The hallway seemed to tilt as he ran toward the back bedroom.
“Run, Josey! Save Billy and get out!” The old man screamed as several ghouls ripped and bit at his body.
The dog’s blood covered body was held down just beyond the doorway. Boris was being eaten alive.
Josey saw one of Boris' front legs was missing as the dog violently thrashed, writhed, and fought on. Boris ferociously bit back at the man who was still chewing on the dog's stomach. The zombies that had been attacking the old man turned, that now appeared dead, stared at Josey and howled in unison.
It's all so hopeless, Josey realized as he turned and ran.
The hallway seemed to tilt more and shake like an intense earthquake were underway as he heard more screams coming from behind him.
The front room was a shamble of overturned furniture, blood was splattered everywhere making the floor sticky, and his boots were becoming harder to move as he tried to run for the door. There was no one else in the room except Billy. The boy stood in front of the once again wide open front door.
Billy was missing an arm, glistening ropy looking entrails hung out of his ripped open stomach, and his black shining eyes were vacant yet staring intently at Josey. His mouth was open wide, exposing tiny brilliant white teeth in the shadowy room. Billy shrieked the words, “YOUR FAULT!” and charged. The little boy’s intestines trailed along as he seemed to fly at Josey.
He raised his hands to ward off the small ghoul when Billy slammed him against the wall.
The boy clawed at the big man with his remaining hand while his sharp shining little teeth bit at his arm, while Josey screamed from the floor under him, “No! Please God, no!”

Josey yelped and his whole body shook in terror when something tugged on his sleeve. He pulled his arm away with a scream and started to punch whoever it was, until he saw it was Billy looking up at him with wide-open shocked eyes. Josey gasped for air while his whole body shuddered uncontrollably. Looking past the boy, he saw the dinette chair was still propped against the front door. Boris was curled up on the rug and looked up bleary eyed from his interrupted nap. Josey felt his heart pounding in his chest faster than a hummingbird’s wings in flight as he wiped his eyes. “Please don't ever sneak up on me like that, kid,” he finally managed to say with a shaky tremble in his voice.
Billy smiled nervously and asked if he could open a can of ravioli and help with dinner.
Nodding weakly, Josey took the can and saw that night had fallen beyond the window. He didn't notice that his cell phone was no longer on the kitchenette table as he stood and walked unsteadily over to the stove.
“It runs on propane so we can heat it up,” Billy explained, as Josey got the can open and dumped the contents into a small pan on the stove.
The big man was still shaking as he leaned against the wall by the stove and stared around the trailer with unbelieving yet very grateful eyes.
“Did you have a bad dream?” Billy asked as he leaned over the stove and stirred the ravioli.
“Uh yeah, you could say that,” he said while still breathing hard.

*****

“How long are we going to just sit here?” Jeremiah asked as he looked around the abandoned trailer they were hiding in. The sun had gone down hours earlier and he was extremely bored. He shined his flashlight up at the faded black velvet painting of Elvis Presley again. In the picture, the king of rock and roll had a benevolent look on his face and a halo around his head while dozens of angels flew around him holding guitars in their hands.
The rest of the living room they'd been staying in was equally sophisticated and elegantly decorated. An ancient looking, large, dust covered, wooden console TV sat in the corner of the dark room. A big VCR sat atop it with mostly animated kids movies scattered nearby.
“I'm thinking. And don't you dare shine that light on any windows,” Issac said, sitting in the corner on a dusty blue bean bag chair.
“Don't worry, I'm being careful. I'm just checking things out to see if they might have left anything we could use as weapons. I don't think anyone has lived here for a long time,” Jeremiah said. He walked over several long ago discarded fast food bags and went into the kitchen.

There was a refrigerator with a missing door and a horribly stained coffee maker but no pot. In the cupboards, he found some cans of New Coke and boxes of macaroni and cheese that had been pillaged by rats and roaches since they were long ago abandoned. He picked up a can of New Coke, but the liquid must have somehow evaporated because it felt empty even though it seemed unopened.
There was an oak table on its side near the stove.
Jeremiah used a screwdriver he kept in his backpack to unscrew one of the table legs. After a few minutes, he held the heavy piece of wood and smiled while walking back past Issac who was still sulking in the bean bag chair.
“Nice club, Tarzan. Where are you going now?” Issac asked, looking up.
“I'm not done checking. A club is a great weapon, but I'd rather find a shotgun or something,” Jeremiah said, knocking spider webs out of his way as he went slowly down the hallway toward the far end of the trailer. The floor felt mushy and unstable as he went. It made ominous creaking noises with each step.
“Be careful,” Issac said, from the living room.
“Yes mother,” Jeremiah answered, opening the first door on the left.
He shined his light into the narrow bathroom and walked in. The water faucets turned when he tried them but nothing came out. There were dead roaches scattered around the floor and a skeleton of what looked like a rat near the toilet. The filthy bathtub was empty except for two plastic bottles of bubble bath and an old scrub brush.

The next room down the hall took his breath away. It had obviously been a kid's room judging from the look of the posters hung on the walls and the race car shaped bed. But it was the type and number of dusty toys that made Jeremiah's eyes widen in disbelief.
A three foot long plastic Millennium Falcon spaceship from Star Wars sat on a low table in the corner of the room. Unable to resist, he hurried over and stared at the dozens of plastic action figures scattered around the ship. It looked like the kid had almost a complete collection and he shook his head trying to imagine why anyone would have left it all in a rotting trailer.
Jeremiah knew people who would pay good money for those kind of toys and reached down to pick up a Darth Vader action figure. He stared in fascination as he saw it had a telescoping light saber that retracted into his arm. Having never seen one like it before he came close to putting it in his backpack. But at the last second he shook his head and put it back where he'd found it before walking back to the door to the hall.
He glanced back at the toys before closing the door and thought, Maybe when everything is back to normal, I could come back and rescue the toys. Or would that be stealing?

The last door in the hallway was locked.
Opening his backpack, he searched for a screwdriver small enough to fit through the hole in the doorknob. But grunted in disgust when nothing was small enough to fit inside. The door seemed like one of those cheap hollow core types and he knew knocking it down would be easy, but his conscience was bothering him.
As if it wasn’t bad enough we trespassed in here, now I want to smash in a door to see if there's something I can steal, he thought in disgust while returning the tools to his backpack.
But before he could turn around and go back to the living room, several distant screams echoed outside in the dark.
God, please forgive me, he prayed while turning and kicking open the locked door. There was a brief crack sound as the flimsy lock broke and the door slammed wide open.
Walking inside, the first thing he noticed was the skeleton on the bed but a close second was the neon red hair on top of its head. A set of badly deteriorated curtains fluttered in the breeze coming in through the open windows, and he was careful to keep from shining the flashlight any wider than necessary.
He went over to the bed and saw a piece of paper clutched in the skeletal fingers. Curiosity got the better of him and he carefully pulled it loose and unfolded it. The paper was brittle from years of exposure to the heat, yet at least after reading it Jeremiah understood why the kid had left all his toys. The letter was an official notification from New Mexico's Children Welfare Department, dated January 1986.

Feeling like the worst kind of intruder, he read the letter which announced that due to a wide variety of reasons the dead woman's son would be removed from the home and placed in foster care until she could prove to the court that several problems had been remedied- Not the least of which was her addiction to the drug Heroin.
He saw a few small glass vials on the nightstand, some needles, and the skeletal arm connected to the bony hand and fingers had been clutching the piece of paper. Around the skeletal upper arm there was a length of skinny rubber hose wrapped loosely around the bones. The red hair was just a wig and he was unable to help but feel bad for this family in general and the dead drug addicted mother in particular.
He went to the closet, found a bed sheet that wasn't too rotten with age, and spread it over the skeleton.
The only other thing he found in the closet was a plastic toy guitar with just one remaining string. He left it and wandered back to the living room feeling like he wanted to cry.
Jeremiah sighed heavily and sat down on top of the big wooden console TV. He shut his eyes and tried not to think about the skeleton in the back bedroom. It seemed idiotic but he kept listening intently out of an unlikely fear it might get up and come traipsing down the hallway. After a few minutes, he opened his eyes and asked, “You know what I think this is?”
“Don't you dare say The Rapture. Please, just don't do it. I'm tired of arguing about it and what does it matter anyway? We're going to die here. And as if that weren't bad enough, I bet we won't even get to rest in peace. Jeremiah, my friend, you've had plenty of time to come to grips with this unfortunate situation. It's a zombie apocalypse.”
“I wasn't going to say what's happening is The Rapture. You always do that, and it’s really annoying. You always try to guess what I'm thinking and it's getting gosh darned… annoying,” Jeremiah grumbled while looking outside through the trailer’s front window.
“Well, if I'm that annoying, feel free to go trailer shopping and find your own place. Send me a postcard when you get settled in. Wish I could help with the moving only between my bad back and the chance of getting eaten by zombies I think I'll just sit here,” Issac said, reclining on the beanbag chair that had a big tear in its side. Little white pellets spilled out each time he moved.
Jeremiah looked at his friend while slowly shaking his head. “I was going to say, I think this is a test. Maybe all of this is a kind of a test of our faith. Think about it for a second. We're both supposed to be men of God. We travel the country preaching the Good News. But outside this trailer the handiwork of the devil himself howls and walks about on shambling legs.
We either believe in God and put our trust in him or we hide in here like cowards,” Jeremiah said angrily, while tightly clutching the wooden kitchen table leg he found.
“A test of faith?” Issac asked, appearing doubtful. “So what are we supposed to do? Go outside and bash in their heads for God? Come on, Jeremiah, please be serious. If we go out there while those... monstrous things are on the prowl even you must know what will happen to us.”
“Let me ask you this, Issac. Do you see anything Godly about those creatures out there? Do you think a zombie can be born again... I mean yet again? Obviously, they've already been born again as nightmarish creatures. They are walking abominations. For God’s sake, they can't be saved. But there just might be people living around here in need of help- in real need of our help. Did you ever consider that?
What if just a few trailers away there’s a group of  trapped children? Terrified kids, or even just regular folk, could be out there praying that someone will come save them and yet what do we do? We just stay in here hiding. Who was it that just a few hours ago reminded me of the Good Samaritan story?! This might get me in trouble with the Lord, but I think you need to believe in what you preach or just shut up!” Jeremiah said, while his voice rose from a near whisper to a full blown angry shout at the end of his obviously heartfelt mini-sermon.
Issac whispered worriedly, “Shush, calm down and be quiet. I agree with what you're saying. So, just calm down and be quiet. Let's think this thing through. I haven't seen any sign of other living people around here, have you? Of course not, because we're alone in this nightmare. If we just play it safe and wait for the cops to come we will both be okay.”
“You can sit there hiding and thinking all night long if that's what you really believe God wants. Me? I'm going to be doing some serious praying. And this might shock you, Issac, but I won't be praying for the cops or the someone else to come rescue us. No, I'm going to be praying for a sign. It doesn't have to be a huge flashing billboard with detailed instructions that spell out what to do. It doesn't have to be an angel carrying around a harp either. I'm going to be open to anything that could even remotely be considered a message from God. Those things prowling around outside are evil. You and I are supposed to be God's servants and willing to deal with real evil, even if they're zombies. I have faith that we can help anyone else trapped in this valley and, if need be, fight and overcome those undead terrors of the night, even if we pay the price with our lives,” Jeremiah said in a quiet but resolute tone of voice before sitting down with his back to the wall and bowed his head in prayer.

Issac thought for a long time. He looked at his wristwatch to make certain it was still working and reluctantly had to agree with his friend. Thinking alone would not help them. He lowered his head in prayer and began by asking God to care for Daphne- the lady at the store they had both managed to anger without intending to. The men in the motor home that nearly ran them over were prayed for, as well as forgiven for almost killing them. Next, he gave thanks that his friend Jeremiah, as well as himself, were both still alive. Lastly, he prayed hard- harder than he ever before in his life. Not our will be done, Lord, but yours. Grant us a sign, oh Lord, so we may know and do your wishes.


CHAPTER 7
Maria the Mechanic and Billy's Mission

Maria swore, “Puta,” as she leaned under the raised hood of Mrs. Remlap’s dark green 1975 Chevy Nova. Her white peasant blouse and blue jeans were smudged with patches of grease and oil as she continued to pull, without any noticeable success, on the wrench. Sweat trickled down her neck and a sheen of it made her feel sticky and miserable while she worked. Her long dark brown hair was tied in a ponytail and she wore a red and white checkered bandana around her sweaty forehead as she attempted to repair the vehicle that had been neglected for several years.
The two car garage itself was quite large, yet all the cardboard boxes and crates stored there made her feel more than a little claustrophobic. There was a washer and dryer by the steps that led into the kitchen. An old wood panel late1960's Caprice Station Wagon was covered with all manner of junk and a thick layer of dust next to the Nova. The walls were decorated with a Hodgepodge of just about everything imaginable- Bamboo fishing poles, dozens of expired license plate tags, and a few old tires with no tread on them hung from large iron hooks. The tires had undoubtedly been circular at one time, however they had hung so long that they were more egg shaped than round. There were hundreds of sticky fly strips hanging from the ceiling like some crazy person’s idea of party streamers. A grim faced General Douglas MacArthur stared down from a large painting behind the workbench that was covered in dozens of mason jars filled with every kind of nut, bolt, and screw imaginable.
Two kerosene lanterns gave off the only light as she worked under the car’s hood.

“My Henry was a great mechanic, God Bless his soul,” Mrs. Remlap said while reclining on an aluminum lounge chair next to the washing machine. Sipping from a tall glass of lemonade, she looked around the garage.
She was wearing a blue housecoat and fuzzy blue slippers that had cartoon-like bunny faces on the front. Staring up through the old windows near the ceiling of the garage, she saw the bright stars twinkling in the sky. She wondered if there was some way to get them open and maybe catch a breeze. The garage was stuffy and warm even though the sun had gone down many hours earlier.
Clucking her tongue in annoyance, she looked at her wristwatch. “Young lady, you've been fooling around with my Henry's car long enough. If you haven't gotten it started after all this time spent pretending to be a mechanic you never will. I cannot believe it’s still this hot in here even though it's nearly midnight,” the old lady said as she continued looking up at the stars through the window.
When Maria didn't say anything, the old woman continued to ramble. “I really should clean those windows. They're absolutely filthy. Oh, how I wish my Henry was still alive. Did you know that it was just a few years ago when I found him out here sitting in that very car you're fooling around with? Poor Henry… it was such a silly way for him to die. He'd been working on the Nova and forgotten to open the garage doors. The exhaust fumes accidentally killed him. I still think I should sue the people who made such an unsafe car. There should be warnings that explain it's dangerous to run an engine inside a closed garage. People have a right to know such things.”

Mrs. Remlap raised all kinds of Hell with the police officials who initially said Henry had committed suicide. Eventually, they agreed it could have been an accident especially since no suicide note was ever found.
Of course, they never found the note because she destroyed it after finding it on the dashboard of the car. She found her husband sitting behind the steering wheel with a dopey grin on his dead face as old country and western songs played from the eight track stereo.

Maria was tired, hungry, frustrated, scared, and extremely pissed off.
After the old woman told her about the new battery she had delivered, but hadn't installed, the determined young lady went to the garage she began working on the old car.
Several hours after starting, she’d managed to pump up all four tires which were nearly flat, check the spark plugs, hoses, and the radiator. But she was growing more and more furious by the minute trying to disconnect the old battery. The nuts and bolts connected to the cables were covered in a thick greenish crud that she painstakingly scraped off. She hurt her wrist several times trying to remove the nuts which she was beginning to suspect were inexplicably welded in place. More than once, she was tempted to take a hacksaw to the cables and try to rig up some kind of connectors for the new battery.
Maria coughed and blew her nose into a greasy rag she'd found while Mrs. Remlap looked over at her in disgust. The filthy cat litter box, the musty dusty smells of the garage, and its contents were making her sinuses swell and eyes water. She felt her stomach aching for food and kept ignoring it- knowing if she got the car running she'd be in Albuquerque in twenty-or so minutes and very far away from the nonstop rambling old bitch reclining in the lounge chair.
Maria grunted and tossed the wrench aside- flinching as it clattered loudly across the cement floor. She went back to the workbench and opened more cardboard boxes that were all covered in dust and continued to find many interesting things but not a can of WD40 or its equivalent. She kept seeing those damned rusted nuts in her mind that were stubbornly holding the battery cables in place.
Ripping open a big cardboard box that was tucked under the workbench, with the word PRIVATE written in black marker on the sides and top, she saw it was filled with hundreds of pornographic magazines. Though Maria had absolutely no interest in such things, one particular cover caught her attention. It featured a color photo of an obviously sexually aroused male donkey and a naked young girl who was frighteningly similar to how she remembered her mom looking in family photo albums. Maria felt a wave of dizziness and nausea hit her as she looked closer at the girl on the cover of the magazine. “Momma?” she whispered in disbelief while running her fingertips over the girl's face in the picture.

“So you're goofing off? I thought better of you. I swear, I never considered you as just another lazy wetback,” Mrs. Remlap grumbled loudly before sipping from her glass of lemonade.
Maria screamed, grabbed a long rusty screwdriver and held it like a knife pointing it at the old woman. “JUST SHUT THE HELL UP, YOU OLD BITCH! Or, I swear to God, I'll stab you in that wrinkly flat chest of yours until I can find and cut out your heart- that is, if you even have one!” Maria's throat hurt from the shouting as spittle flew from her lips while still clutching the nasty magazine in her other trembling hand. Her vision blurred as tears started to flow down her cheeks.
The old lady's mouth sprung open in utter shock and she stared in disbelief at the trembling young girl pointing a screwdriver at her. She saw the tears beginning to leak out of her eyes and stood up slowly, holding her hands out to her. “I'm sorry Maria. I say stupid things, especially when I'm upset. You look exhausted. Come over here, girl. Come here, calm down, and please forgive me.”
Maria glanced down at the magazine still clutched in her trembling fingers and threw it far back under the workbench. She started crying harder thinking of nothing except her mother and how much she wished she was with her. Her body shook harder and she felt like she might be sick or faint thinking back how her mom had told her she used to be a model. She remembered after asking if there were any pictures of her modeling, how her mother’s face had blushed and she quickly changed the subject. Maria shuddered uncontrollably as she dropped the screwdriver and staggered into the old woman's open arms. She was much taller and bigger than the old woman, but she was comforted and led to the lounge chair.
“You just sit and rest awhile, dear. Here, have some lemonade you'll feel better. Just rest and I'll look for that can of lubricant you said we needed.”

Maria sat back in the chair and wiped at her wet cheeks and eyes with the bandana she'd been wearing. “I'm just so tired,” she said, drying her tears and snuffling softly. “It feels like I haven't slept for years. And whenever I do manage to doze off I just keep having nightmares about those horrible things outside.” She coughed and sipped some lemonade, watching while the old lady opened a tall green metal cabinet and listened as she noisily moved things around inside it.
“Do you know what my very wise father used to say when things were bad?” Mrs. Remlap asked, as she moved more things around and continued searching the cabinet. “It will all work out. And he was right, you know. No matter how bad things may seem eventually everything always works out. Maybe not always the way you wanted them to, and yet every bad time eventually comes to an end.
I remember when I was nine or maybe ten years old, my father got grievously injured in a car wreck. The doctors had to remove his left arm at the shoulder. And I still remember him smiling as I hugged him, while crying my fool little head off, when he eventually came home from the hospital.
He told me to quit crying- that it would all work out and he was right. He said to always remember his philosophy of life; It could always be worse. Instead of just losing an arm he could have been blinded, lost his legs, or just flat out died. My father was a wise man, Maria. Just remember his two favorite philosophies and you’ll be okay in this crazy world we live in. It will all work out. And no matter what happens, things could always be worse.
Oh, what’s this?” The old lady asked in happy surprise before pulling a rusty spray can out of the bottom of the cabinet. Smiling broadly, she turned and tottered back over to Maria.
“See, I told you it would all work out,” Remlap said while holding a small blue can of WD-40.
Maria was curled up on her side asleep in the lounge chair with a peaceful look on her face.
The old lady picked up the wrench and looked at the bolt that didn't want to move. She sprayed it with the can's contents and after a few seconds tried to remove the nut from the bolt.
It slid off so quickly and easily, she wondered if during all this time the girl had been trying to turn it the wrong way. She chuckled and shook her head while easily slipping off both nuts that held the battery cables in place.


Maria awoke with a yelp of surprise and looked around the garage.
The old woman was gone.
“Mrs. Remlap?” she called out warily and softly.
There was no answer. One lantern was still lit, sitting on the workbench and the garage seemed full of ominous shadows cast by its light.
She heard distant screams from somewhere outside and shuddered.
When the door creaked behind her she spun around eyes open wide.

Mrs. Remlap was coming down the steps from the kitchen holding a plate. “Oh, I'm sorry, dear, I didn't mean to wake you up. But since you are, how about a sandwich? I made peanut butter and honey on wheat bread. I would have used jelly, but since it was in the refrigerator without electricity for about five days now, I thought honey might be safer.
Honey is an amazing food, don't you know. I read in some book or magazine that archaeologists actually found honey in some Pyramid over there in Egypt once. And believe it or not, even after five thousand years it was still safe to eat.”
Maria got up slowly from the lounge chair and asked, “How long was I asleep?”
“Oh,” the old lady said, looking at her wristwatch. “Almost four hours, I guess. Now, have something to eat,” she said, handing her one of the sandwiches.
Maria took it and ate it in giant bites while glaring at the car with a determined look.
“Slow down, sweetie, you're going to choke if you aren't careful. I bet that’s how some of those Egyptians died and turned into mummies. You need to slow down and chew your food.”
“I got to get those stupid nuts off the bolt so I can swap out the car battery. Once that's done we can go get help,” Maria said, between enormous bites.
“Relax child, I took them off ages ago.”
Maria jumped up, looked under the hood, and stared in happy disbelief at the old battery cables hanging loose. She smiled at the old lady then sat back down on the lounge chair and ate her sandwich a little bit slower.

She pointed to the battery sitting on the workbench and spoke with a mouthful of food. “How... mm, (chew and swallow) old do you think that other battery is?”
“Oh, my goodness. Don't you listen, girl? I told you that man... Dominic, I think was his name from the filling station, brought it out last Christmas. He was going to install it so I could drive in to town for church services, but he was just so uncouth and rude- really just a remarkably unpleasant man. He was short, with a big nose, bad breath, and had that swarthy Italian kind of look. He reminded me of gangsters I used to see in motion pictures at the theater. That was back when films had stories and not a few hundred explosions in slow motion with a lot of vulgar language disguised as dialogue.
Anyway, I gave him a check for the battery and told him to just get out and I'd put it in the car myself. Can you imagine a grown man passing gas in front of a lady? And as if that wasn't the worst part, he actually laughed while he did it. Just stood there and laughed like a mental defective, as I told him to just go on and get out of here.
Why, if my Henry were still alive, I know he would have beaten that little man to a bloody pulp.”
“And you're sure it was this last Christmas, not maybe a few years ago when all this happened?” Maria asked as she tugged the old battery out of the engine compartment and let it fall onto a badly stained pea green colored recliner.
“Careful girl, that's my Henry's chair. May God rest his soul. He was always out here working on something or other, and when he'd take a break he'd sit in that very chair and peruse his magazines. I don't know any other man that loved to read magazines as much as my Henry. He spent hours on end out here doing that.”
Maria tensed for a second before continuing to work on the battery without commenting on the old lady's perverted dead husband.
“He was always out here reading his National Geographic magazines and all kinds of other stuff and telling me about whatever he learned that was interesting.”
Maria was scrubbing the corroded battery connectors and asked under her breath, “Did he ever tell you anything about horny donkeys and young Hispanic girls?”

“Have I ever shown you his photograph from when he was in the service? He fought in Germany against the Godless Nazis and was awarded a lot medals and citations. The medals are up there in the attic crawlspace if you want to climb up and see for yourself,” the old woman said, pointing her cane toward the partial second floor of the garage. Where there were indeed hundreds more boxes and crates stored.
The elderly lady looked at the windows again and said, “When the police get everything sorted out with your nasty friends, how would you like to earn a few dollars cleaning the windows out here? I could do it myself, of course, but I believe in helping people like you whenever I can. I've always believed in charity and helping people who have the gumption to make something out of themselves.
I know you like to think of yourself as an auto mechanic, but I need to be honest with you. I really think during all that time you were messing around with the battery, you were actually turning the nut the wrong way. My Henry made up a rhyme that went 'righty tighty lefty Loosey' to help him remember which way to turn things like nuts and such. I told him he should copyright his rhyme, but did he listen to me? No ma'am. He was like all men- stubborn and set in his ways.”

Maria lifted the heavy replacement battery off the workbench and carried it slowly over to the old car. With the battery resting on the edge of the fender she looked confused.
She was trying to remember which cable goes to which terminal on the battery.
Positive is red? Or is positive black? CRAP! She grunted in disgust and sat down on a stool next to the old woman. After a few seconds of trying to remember which terminal connectors were positive and negative, she refilled her glass with more lemonade. Maria chugged it down in mere seconds- followed momentarily by an enormous belch to come from such a small woman.
“Don't you have any manners at all? First you come up here last night banging on my door, scaring the denture adhesive out of me. Then you tell me everyone’s turned into monsters, barge your way inside, slam my door and then lock it as I hear some of your hooligan friends outside beating on my door.
I'll grant you they do look a tad more disgusting than usual but really dear, monsters?” She gave Maria a look that was a combination of pity and confusion.

Maria went and searched the car's glove box, pulled out a very old driver’s manual and flipped through the pages as she said, “You saw what they did to your cats outside on your porch. You heard them yowling as they were ripped apart and eaten.”
“Shut your mouth! I saw and heard no such thing!” The old woman yelled with a tremble in her voice as she pulled out a handkerchief and wiped at her eyes. “I don't know what's really going on around here, but I guaran-damn-tee you one thing, Missy. When we get to town, I'm going to file papers to have every one of your nasty cat killing friends evicted.”
The old lady stared down at the cat litter box, kept in the garage, and could still see her furry friends as they were: Angel, with the snow white fur, Mr. Naughty, a gray and brown stray she'd taken in, and Mr. Sourpuss, with his soft solid black fur. Her voice sounded venomous as she said, “Yes indeed. When we get to town I’m going to call someone to deal with your gross looking cat killing friends. That’s the very first thing I’m going to do.”

Mrs. Remlap couldn’t stop recalling how the small group of crazy, screaming, bloody, men came up on her porch and began beating on the door while others ate her cats. They devoured her only friends in the whole world. Maria was forced to drag the old lady back toward the living room and kept saying, “Be quiet,” as the cats yowled and screamed while they were torn apart on her porch.
The old lady shuddered and closed her eyes as she leaned back. Tears fell and she didn't both to wipe them away.

Maria shrugged and continued looking through the owner’s manual. It was a stupid problem to have. All that kept them from going for help was trying to make sense out of the pages of words and confusing diagrams in the manual. As Maria flipped pages and tried to figure out which cables go to positive and negative, she hadn't heard anything the old lady said.

*****

It was four in the morning when the cell phone alarm began beeping in Billy's room from under his pillow.
He opened his eyes and saw Boris on his bed. The dog's head tilted as he listened to the electronic chirping of the phone.
The boy slid his hand under the pillow and quickly silenced the alarm. His mom had a cell phone just like Josey's and he knew how to set the alarm, take pictures, make videos, and of course make phone calls too.
He was a boy with a plan. He was going to make a phone call from the top of the valley before sunrise.
Billy felt bad about borrowing (some might say stealing) Josey's phone, but he would give it back after he got everyone rescued.
So if it was stealing, it's not really 'bad' stealing. It's probably more like borrowing something without permission, the boy reasoned.
Billy knew he'd make his grandpa proud of him by going out and getting help all by himself.
Besides the big guy must be crazy to say, “it wouldn't be fair to the monsters if he outran them.” Whoever heard of fairness in dealing with monsters? he wondered and shook his head in bewilderment.

He laid back on the bed with the cell phone on his chest, thinking about how his grandfather had dealt with the monsters from Germany in World War Two. Did the Americans say to themselves 'Gee-whiz the German Air force or Luftwaffe was almost completely wiped out in the last year of the war,’ and in a sense of fairness stop using their airplanes?
HECK NO! The whole idea of dealing fairly with monsters whether they're brain hungry zombies or brain washed Nazis doesn't make any kind of sense. It's no wonder that Josey guy drives a poop truck.

Sometimes Billy dreamed that he and his grandfather were together fighting the Nazis, side by side. And in the dreams they always kicked ass. He smiled bigger and remembered a dream where grandpa was using a riding crop and sitting on a saddle atop Adolph Hitler. He was like a cowboy on a bucking horse and whacking the crazy Nazi on his butt with the riding crop as the Fuhrer cried and begged for mercy.

The cell phone chirped and Billy woke up again. He quickly shut it off and realized he must have dozed off. He savagely pinched his arm hard and felt instantly more awake as he bit his lip to keep from whimpering at the brief bit of pain. “Falling asleep before the mission even begins,” he quietly berated himself. “If grandpa had done that in the war we'd all be eating sauerkraut for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.”
Boris yawned and looked over at the boy who was talking to himself.
“It's true, Boris. There would only be sauerkraut to eat. I bet Nazis made everything out of sauerkraut: pizza, ice cream, hamburgers, and chicken nuggets. Heck, probably even dog food would be made out of sauerkraut.
Well, as bad as that sounds, try and imagine what zombie food will taste like if they win this war: Brain flavored tacos, potato chips, or blood flavored soda pop? Well... I say no way, Jose. This kid will fight and when I get the cops down here to deal with these fart knocker zombies I'm going to be a hero, just like my grandpa.”
Boris stared sleepily with his head resting on his front paws as he listened to the boy's whispered, yet apparently heartfelt speech. When the boy stopped talking, Boris yawned before rolling over and going back to sleep.
“Fine, go back to sleep. Don't worry about me, fuzzy butt, because I don't need your help anyway.” Billy slipped out of bed and put on his zombie fighting uniform- which consisted of blue jeans, a T- shirt with Optimus Prime (his favorite Transformer Autobot on the front), and his hiking boots.
While tying his boot laces, Billy remembered winning second place at the school wide athletics day that was just a week before summer vacation started. He knew none of the bad guys outside would ever be able to catch him unless they cheated like George Mason did during the race. Billy would never forget how George started running almost a full second before the coach shouted, “Go.” Of course, the fact that coach Mason was George's dad had nothing to do with the fink cheater not being disqualified. Yeah, right.
He slipped on his blue backpack which contained the borrowed cell phone, two water bottles, and three plastic baggies with cookies stuffed inside. He then pulled his rifle out of the closet and made sure it had a full load of pellets and checked that the safety was engaged. 
Stepping back, he looked himself in the mirror.
The boy appeared tough and ready to become a hero, but still felt a little... not afraid, no not that, but maybe a little nervous as he slung the rifle over his shoulder and quietly opened his door to the hallway. The moon wasn't full, but it still cast plenty of light on the hallway carpet as it shined through the window.
Billy looked back at the sleeping dog sprawled across his bed and felt a horrible moment of indecision.
“Goodbye, Boris. I'll see you tomorrow,” he whispered and sneaked down the hallway toward the backdoor of the trailer.

He felt more nervous (not afraid mind you) with each step. Secretly, he'd hoped the dog would come along as a companion. Not as a bodyguard, he thought, trying to feel brave, just a buddy to keep company with on the trip.
A brief loud scream and several snarling grunts erupted from the front side of the trailer and he froze in his tracks. The snarling went on for a few more seconds then subsided into the nearly continuous grunting sounds he'd almost become used to. He felt like he needed to pee but held it in, fearing if he used the bathroom either grandpa or Josey might hear it and investigate.

Creeping to the back door, he heard Josey snoring in the living room and peeked out at the backyard of the trailer through a window. It looked all clear as far as he could see. After taking a deep breath, he unlocked the door and slowly opened it peeking quickly left and right.
He was looking for bad guys but didn't see any. Reaching around, he hit the lock button on the inside of the doorknob and looked down at the ground.
It was about a three foot drop from the trailer to the dirt below since there never had been a backdoor staircase. Billy lowered himself so he was sitting on the doorway's threshold and then slowly climbed down into the dusty backyard. He paused and listened hard and looked at the large desert expanse beyond.
He could see boulders, a few patches of grass, and a long drainage ditch that went north and south. The bleak sandy expanse that his grandpa sometimes called the New Mexican Sahara appeared devoid of both Screamers and Deadheads. Aside from a few occasional grunts coming from the front side of the trailer, everything was quiet and Billy turned to shut the backdoor.

A fanged mouth with what looked a million razor-sharp teeth was just inches behind him and a foul hot breath panted into the boy's terrified face.
Billy nearly screamed and did manage to wet his pants a little, before he sighed quietly and looked up at Boris in disgust. The panting dog was in the doorway looking down at the boy. “You suck. Don't sneak up on me,” he whispered, looked around again and continued. “Do you want to stay or go?”
The dog whined softly and looked toward the front room where Josey was loudly snoring on the couch.
“Shush, you're going to wake everyone up. Okay, if you're too much of a scaredy-cat, stay here. I'll be back by breakfast.” He started to close the door and Boris leaped down into the dirt and glanced up at the boy before busily turning its head in every direction while nervously whining.
“Shush, we need to be quiet,” he whispered, while closing the door and heard a quiet click when it latched shut.

The boy and dog were like ghosts in the night as they quietly crossed the backyard. The moon was low on the horizon and the stars were beginning to lose some of their brightness as a faint lightness on the horizon slowly grew. It was blessedly cool compared to being stuck in the trailer for the last few days. After a couple of minutes of moving slow and extra quiet, he stopped by a tall patch of prairie grass and whispered, “Keep watch for a second.”
The zipper sounded louder than roaring a machine gun, at least in his own ears, as the boy unzipped his pants. Looking all around, he tried to take a leak but felt like something was close by- something horrible with big sharp nasty teeth that he knew wanted to eat his brain. Billy stood motionless, feeling the need to pee yet unable to do so, as he felt more and more scared. Then he heard running water, saw the prairie grass swaying slightly, and looked down to where Boris lifted a leg as if to demonstrate to correct way to urinate.
The boy almost laughed as he was finally able to 'let go the yellow flow' as grandpa sometimes called it. Covering his mouth with his free hand, he managed to avoid an all out laugh but still couldn't help giggling. The giggles dried up instantly when he heard a scream and running footsteps back toward the trailer then a gradual return to the regular grunting and snarling followed.

They had only been walking for another minute when a sound off to the right made Boris stop short then sniff and stare intently toward a halfway burned out trailer.
It had caught fire several years earlier when the storage shed next door exploded. After extinguishing the flames, the fire fighters and police determined the meth lab that had been operating inside hadn't been an entirely successful one.

Billy stopped and looked where Boris stared and unlatched the safety switch on his BB rifle. It was no ordinary gun. In fact, it was a very powerful one. His grandpa bought it for him on his last birthday. But his mother made him leave it at his trailer. The more a person pumped the rifle the more powerful the shot would be. Over the last few days, Billy repeatedly begged his grandpa to let him shoot at the zombies, but he wouldn't.
Before they left the trailer and began their expedition he pumped it up as much as it would go. He looked in the direction Boris was sniffing and staring intently before aiming the rifle in his trembling hands. Billy glanced back the hundreds of yards to his grandpa’s trailer then heard a sound near the burned out trailer. Something was moving in the clutter around the yard and he thought it might be coming their way. Coming out here was probably not a great idea after all, he realized while listening to the distant grunting of the undead and the much closer rustling of something in the wild prairie grass. He saw the tall grass moving only about twenty feet away and fired low, thinking it could be one of the crawling deadheads.
The rifle was nearly silent, but the cat's screaming yowl was deafening. The large cat jumped up about three feet into the air and after reaching the ground again took off running after being shot in its butt.
Billy watched the cat run south and looked down, red faced, at Boris who looked up with a grin only a dog that has witnessed something very funny could exhibit. “Oops,” he whispered. “Well, at least we know-”
Something much bigger than a cat rattled in the darkness nearby, and he could hear other sounds coming closer.
“It’s time to run,” he said quietly and sprinted away from the grunting sounds.
The boy ran between the mostly burned out trailer and an old oil barrel on its side, still heading north, (he hoped.)
There were more noises behind him in the darkness, but he and Boris were running hard and very fast with no desire to look back.


CHAPTER 8
Charlie Farro & A Sign From God

The low riding moon was bright as Charlie Farro drove his battery operated scooter along rows of his plants- stopping briefly every couple of feet to inspect the buds and trim those that looked ready for harvesting. He cared for his medium sized plot of marijuana like a nervous father who tried to do everything he could to have his children grow up to be a success, albeit children he would eventually smoke or sell off.
Charlie enjoyed his quiet peaceful existence. His trailer was cleverly hidden in an out of the way corner of the park and no one ever came to visit. For him, it was close to paradise on Earth.
The original road that led to his personal version of Shangri-la was overgrown with decades worth of plants and trees. A narrow winding path he occasionally took to visit Hector and his other associates in the trailer park was just wide enough for his scooter and he liked it that way. Hector was always interested in purchasing Farro's marijuana and was happy to go into town for him and buy things that Charlie occasionally wanted or needed.

Colonel Lester was right when he called Charlie a hermit. Mr. Farro would have laughed and agreed wholeheartedly with the old man's assessment. Charlie enjoyed being self sufficient and loved being alone.
People are no damn good, was his motto and he believed it with all his heart. He heard Cha-ka hooting in the garden and smiled to himself as he drove his scooter thru a wide shallow creek that ran through his compound. Smiling up at the moon as the scooter's wheels rolled over the rocks in the water he felt life couldn't get much better.
The only thing that slightly concerned him was the almost continuous screaming drifting from the trailer park over the last few days. While it was just half a mile away he wasn't worried- just a bit concerned and considerably annoyed by the nonstop noise. His six foot tall chain link fence surrounding his compound was well hidden from the park itself and he'd been living on his own for the last few decades. Except for an occasional visit from Hector, no one ever came to visit. He believed in himself and enjoyed the life of solitude. His few acres of 'paradise' legally belonged to the trailer park, but he never told the Remlap’s when he had his trailer brought into the little hidden section of the valley back in 1987.
No one knows I'm here, and why should they? he thought. His home was totally off the grid. There were no phones, no power lines, and no TV filled with what he considered to be crap masquerading as entertainment. He drove his scooter next to the trailer and gathered the power cords that connected to his solar panels on the roof and hooked them to the charger.

Grunting loudly, he lifted his prosthetic legs off the scooter and grabbed his wooden staff with his left hand and made his way over to the porch next to his trailer. The porch had a large homemade lounge chair constructed out of two by fours that was situated right next to the front door. There was a hammock made out of tough nylon netting strung between the trailer and a flag pole. His old somewhat tattered flag featured a large green marijuana leaf on a white background.
Several old discolored plastic jugs were scattered near his lounge chair. Most of them were empty, but they all reeked strongly of urine.
After setting the basket of marijuana buds on a table made out of a large old wooden cable spool, Charlie opened his jug of home brew whiskey and had a sip. He hummed tunelessly while hanging the freshly picked buds on a fishing line with wooden clothes pins. When they dried out, he would store them in some large plastic bags. His shed was almost half full and he planned on seeing Hector soon to do some trading. After hanging the last of the buds, he went to the other line and removed the dried out ones. When he finished collecting them, he sat slowly down in his lounge chair and looked in his basket of buds. It was a good haul and he inhaled the aroma while leaning back in his lounge chair and stared up at the moon. After a few moments he rolled a joint, lit it, and inhaled deeply.

Charlie was feeling old and tired.
As he smoked he wished himself a happy birthday. Most people his age would consider it depressing to be celebrating another year of life alone in a dark deserted canyon, but he smiled slightly.
Long ago he decided that people weren't worth a damn as a rule and planned his future so that he'd have as little contact with them as possible. Before he found this place he'd told those few friends he had, his plan for life- it was as simple as it was ingenious. “I’m going to find a little piece of land where no one ever comes, build a fence, grow what food I need and just enjoy a life of solitude.”
They'd laughed and said he sounded like he wanted to be a hermit.
Charlie would just smile and nod his head as he meticulously made his plans.

He wasn't stupid then and still wasn't, even decades after he secretly had his trailer delivered and set up at night. Having hired day laborers to install the fence around his small kingdom, he felt safe and secure. He planned to spend the rest of his life alone- well, alone except for his two friends.
He bought Skynyrd back in the 1990s. It was a cute Burmese Python weighing only twenty pounds. The snake was only six feet long when Hector delivered it to his trailer, but Charlie was uncertain precisely just how long or how much it weighed any longer. Skynyrd was a good friend who earned his keep by devouring rats and rabbits that would occasionally invade Farro's garden. The snake didn't even chase or try to eat Charlie's only other friend, Cha-ka, any longer.
Oh sure, the snake liked to play games with both him and Cha-ka sometimes. But Charlie knew how to tickle the python with his prosthetic arm's metal pincers in a way that always made Skynyrd behave. And Cha-ka always scurried away when the snake was in a 'hugging' mood.

Cha-ka was a Capuchin monkey Charlie had gotten a decade earlier. She was very sweet and loved to eat tomatoes from the garden and also enjoyed smoking marijuana with him, from time to time. The only problem was sometimes she loved to wander away and explore the neighborhood.
That bad habit often made Charlie worry when she disappeared sometimes for days at a time. But, as he smoked his joint, he saw the monkey curled up in her basket under the stereo by the front door of the trailer.
Sometimes he liked to think of himself as a modern day Adam from the Garden of Eden, only without an Eve. If he ever thought too hard about lacking a woman he'd just remember all the trouble they'd caused him throughout his life and be thankful to be alone. The only thing Charlie remembered with clarity about the Garden of Eden was the fact that it was paradise until a woman came along and fucked it all up.

He tried to relax but couldn't.
His mind lately had been filled with disturbing thoughts of rabbits and screaming neighbors.
It was almost like an invasion of rabbits in Charlie's paradise and the situation seemed to be getting serious. Having always grown vegetables, in addition to his marijuana, he'd gotten used to the occasional rabbit intrusion. However, over the last few days an alarming number of rabbits had been invading his garden.
They’d feasted on and eradicated his tomato plants and then moved on to his corn, which he used to make whiskey with a homemade still. Generally, he liked the rabbits because without their frequent visits he would have been forced to become a vegetarian decades ago- a thought that made him feel nauseated. In the course of an average week his snares might catch three or four of the long eared meals, yet ever since the neighbors decided to take up screaming as some sort of social activity he'd been swamped with rabbits. His snares caught nearly a hundred in just four days, but the worst part was the way the little furry farts had terrorized his garden without mercy.

Saturday, they ate all his tomatoes and some of his corn. Sunday, they had nearly devoured almost all his corn and moved on to attack his beloved marijuana plants. He never realized rabbits could get stoned on marijuana until yesterday when he went out and found over a dozen of them scattered around the garden in a dazed nearly comatose condition. On the plus side, that made snapping their necks easy but the loss of two fully grown pot plants still infuriated him.
He was sure it was all related to whatever shenanigans the Mexicans were up to, plus their incessant screaming, that was forcing the rabbits to migrate. Plus the screams made getting mellow nearly impossible no matter how much pot he smoked.
“There's only one answer for annoying neighbors,” he said, turning on his stereo and cranking the volume to its highest setting. Pulling out his favorite album, he smiled, set it on the turntable, and flipped the power switch.
The collection of rugged outdoor speakers in his garden hummed as the record began spinning on the turntable and after a few hisses and pops Lynyrd Skynyrd began playing Sweet Home Alabama. The small hidden valley echoed with the sounds of classic rock and those rabbits that hadn't gotten stoned by feasting on marijuana plants bolted away but, after growing accustomed to what they perceived as just noise, soon returned.

Charlie was stretched out on his homemade wooden lounge chair, fondly remembering the concert he saw Skynyrd at back in 1974. He felt the years melt away as his little moonlit valley was filled with the sweet sounds of classic southern rock.
Private Charlie Farro came back from the war missing both legs below the knee, his right arm from the elbow down, plus a testicle, but that night at the concert he felt more happy and alive than ever before.
Almost everyone at the concert was getting high and drunk and Charlie was no exception. As the music went on he, noticed a little brunette girl with an incredibly sexy body and how she energetically moved and shook it as the concert went on that evening. 
She was friendly and moderately stoned and sometimes would dance her way around Charlie sitting in his wheelchair. Her smile was the nicest thing the man had ever seen. When the concert ended, she staggered her way back over to Charlie and explained how she lost track of her friends.
Always the gentleman, Farro offered to give her a ride back to his hotel. When she agreed, he drove his specially equipped van back to his hotel in less than twenty minutes with her giggling and enjoying a large joint all the way there.

As the old hermit stared blearily through his barely open eyes at the moon shining into his garden, Charlie tapped his old metal prosthetic arm that ended in a pair of chrome pincers in time with the music. He softly sang along (badly off key) as he remembered how things had gone that night once they made it back to the hotel.

She was an adventurous and energetic girl who enjoyed trying new things. Like having sex with a triple amputee, for example. She let him do things with her that he'd only read about in magazines and both of them had a great deal of fun.
The first bad part was the next morning when they laid naked together in bed watching cartoons and smoking a breakfast joint. It began when she asked about his missing testicle.
The landmine he stepped on in the war took the right one, he lied, but left behind the potent one.
She giggled as she got out of bed and started getting dressed.
“Where you going?” he asked while Bugs Bunny outwitted Elmer Fudd once again, on the hotel's color TV which had been thoughtfully chained to the wall. (It was a 'classy' hotel)
She smiled, leaned down, and kissed his forehead as he sat up in bed. “You're sweet, Chuck, but you know it was just a one night kind of thing, right?”
“Do you have to go today? Now? We could just goof off and have some kicks, and maybe come back here tonight for an encore performance,” he said looking at her as Bugs Bunny loudly chewed on a carrot and asked, “What’s up, Doc?”
She pulled on her torn blue jeans without responding. Turning off the TV, she looked at him with a contemplative expression.
He noticed for the first time as she looked at him that her eyes were a sparkling bright blue.
She was still topless and broke the silence asking, “Chuck, tell me the truth. You're not falling in love with me, are you?”
In love? He rolled the words around inside his head while glancing between her beautiful breasts and almost equally gorgeous eyes, but didn't say what he truly felt. He said what he thought she wanted to hear. And not a day had gone by since then that he didn't wonder if he should have told her the truth.
He laughed and said, “Come on, baby, I'm not some love sick puppy. I just thought we could have another groovy day of fun unless you've got somewhere you need to go. If that's what’s got you uptight, it's cool. I can dig it.” He looked over at his wheelchair and added, “Love? No way, I'm not falling in love with you. I just like you a bit. You're a pretty cool kid.”
She slipped on her t-shirt that had the words Free Bird airbrushed over the front and looked momentarily troubled before saying, “Okay Chuckles, one more day.”

The day was warm and everything felt right with the world as they went on a shopping spree. He had been receiving disability payments since getting back from the war and hadn't spent much money, aside from the custom equipped van. It was retrofitted with brakes and accelerator controls on the steering wheel. Almost as good, was the new quadraphonic stereo system he had installed. The van also had two carrying cases full of great eight track tapes. It was truly one sweet ride.
After she gotten him to buy her quite a few new outfits, they drove to the beach late in the afternoon. He watched her change clothes in the back of the van.
She slipped into a new bikini he'd bought for her, and Charlie felt like the luckiest man in the world.
At least he did until he got his wheelchair out and sat in the parking lot watching her run across the beach with her beautiful long hair flowing back in the sea breeze. He sipped on a beer as she chatted with some other kids that were close to her own age.
After his third beer, she finally looked in his direction and gave him a brief furtive wave when none of the other kids were looking. Charlie was a patchwork of emotions as he watched her play on the beach. Sometimes he was furious with God for having left him legless with only one arm and unable to play with his new girlfriend. Then on those occasions she'd give him a concealed wave, he felt lucky to be alive and with a beautiful sweet young woman who cared for him. Eventually, he got back in the van and listened to his quadraphonic stereo while watching her run and play.

He woke up when she knocked on the window smiling at him.
She came back just before sunset smelling of marijuana, sand, sweat, beer and though he tried to dismiss the thought- she also smelled strongly of sex. He pushed the disturbing idea away and agreed to let her drive the van back to the hotel after she begged to try. Charlie gave into the request as her eyes sparkled with the reflection of the lasts rays of the setting sun.
They got back to the hotel, ordered a pizza, and she showered and tried on some of her new clothes for him.
He liked all of the outfits, but his favorite was the bright red silk teddy nightgown he bought for her.

They ate pizza, drank beer, cuddled in bed, and on the television watched a movie about giant, murderous, rampaging, bunny rabbits called Night of the Lepus. She got excited upon recognizing an actor named DeForest Kelley who was in the movie. After it was over they smoked some more weed and she rambled forever about the Star Trek television series and how it was an “absolute travesty” that it had been canceled.
After another thirty minutes of meaningless talk he finally leaned over and kissed her.
She flipped off the light and they had a nice, albeit much too brief, exchange of bodily fluids then she kissed him on the cheek. It was a brief and somehow cold, almost indifferent, feeling kiss to Charlie.
In the dark room as trucks could be heard roaring down the nearby interstate, she said she was just really worn out from all the goofing off she'd done on the beach. She then rolled over on her side to get some sleep.
“You think we could do some things tomorrow?” he asked hopefully as she laid facing away from him.
“We'll see, Chuck,” were the last words he ever heard from her.

When Charlie awoke the next morning she was already gone and had taken everything, except the TV that was still chained to the wall and his wheelchair. She did leave a brief note behind that was now framed under glass and hanging on the living room wall of his trailer. He kept it as a reminder never to trust anyone again. The note read-

Chuck,
I wish I could tell you I'm sorry for taking your van and everything else, but I need them so I can't. I will thank you though. You're the nicest and most trusting man I've ever met. And, I know things will work out for you in life. Just one bit of advice, DON'T BE SO TRUSTING! Sincerely yours,
B. D. B.

At least she was kind enough to leave him enough weed to get high while he wept the day away. It was the worst day of his life even including the day he stepped on the landmine. At least then the medics gave him morphine for the pain. Marijuana just couldn't compete with that stuff when it came to the agony of a shredded heart.

Back in his version of the Garden of Eden, Charlie eventually dozed off as the songs kept playing and didn't notice the screams growing much louder and closer while he dreamed of a little blue eyed brunette that he still thought about nearly every day. Usually, he wondered what she would have done if he'd said “YES” when she asked him if he'd been falling in love with her. In his dreams they lived happily ever after, together.

*****

“Wake up, Issac. Wake up.” Jeremiah whispered while shaking his snoring friend.
At first the young man thought he must be dreaming, but the music kept playing loud enough to be heard even over Issac's snoring.
“What’s? Where am-,” Jeremiah held his hand over Issac's mouth because he was talking too loud then whispered, “Shush, just listen, do you hear that music?”
Not too distant, they both heard someone singing outside. The music was nice sounding, but neither young man knew who was playing the song. Most of the words in the lyrics were hard to make out clearly, yet they both heard and understood some of the words, including a brief clear snippet of, “I got to go, Lord.”
“It’s a sign, Issac. Come on, get up, I got a table leg for you too. Let's follow that music and do what we can to help.”
“Jeremiah, it's just a song- not a sign. We can't go traipsing out there with all those things wandering around, plus it’s too dark outside how would we see where to go?” Issac asked calmly while leaning back against the badly hemorrhaging bean bag chair.
“Well then, I guess this is goodbye.” Jeremiah stood up and walked to the door holding his club that had formerly served as an oak kitchen table leg. “God Bless you, Brother Issac,” the younger man said then opened the door.
“Wait a minute. Wait, damn it.” Issac rolled out of the beanbag chair, stood up, and walked to the door feeling a cool breeze, as he looked at his young friend. “Swear to me, that you really believe this is a sign from God and I'll come with you.”
Jeremiah looked around outside for anyone and finally whispered, “I swear it. I might be wrong and yet I really believe we were meant to not just hear this music but also to follow it. And no, I can't begin to guess what we'll find out there, but I'm going to find out- with or without you. It's the right thing to do. I just know it.”
“Alright, I believe you, but please do one thing with me before we go out there. As we were riding into the valley this afternoon I felt the Twenty Third Psalm running through my mind over and over. Pray it with me and then we'll go,” Issac said, staring up at the pinpricks of stars overhead before staring at the low hanging moon.
They spent a few minutes reciting the Psalm then followed the music into the night.

“It’s actually quite good music,” Jeremiah whispered, holding his club over his shoulder while following a stream of water.
“I was thinking the same thing. It's not gospel music but more like old rock and roll, I think,” Issac said, carrying an identical club over his left shoulder.
“If- … Um, I mean when we get out of here and everything is back to normal I'm definitely buying some of their CDs or download the songs from the internet,” the younger man said then quickly clarified, “You do understand that I meant I would legally buy and download the songs, right?”
Issac chuckled and didn't doubt that the younger man was being completely honest on his plan to buy the songs and not illegally downloading them. They'd traveled together for a very long time and covered nearly two thousand miles, and not once had the younger man even come close to doing anything illegal. The older man sometimes thought Jeremiah to be too pure, innocent, and trusting but respected his drive to do only good in life.
The music got steadily louder as they walked in the moonlight until they found a tall chain link fence.
“It’s pretty high. Maybe there's a gate somewhere. Which way do you want to go?” Issac asked, as one song ended and another began.
Free bird started playing and Issac turned and grabbed Jeremiah's shoulder. “I know this song. I know it. It's called Free Bird. My cousins, who like to think of themselves as musicians, play it a lot whenever I visit them. I know the band’s name too, just give me a second.”
Jeremiah looked frustrated. “Let’s go find a gate and you can ask whoever is playing it what the name of the band is.” He then turned left and followed the fence.
“I really do know the band's name. It’s right on the tip of my tongue,” Issac said, as he followed the younger man.


CHAPTER 9
Stoned Zombies & Suicide is Painful

The old lady sprawled back in the lounge chair snored as Maria poured a few drops of gasoline into the Nova's carburetor. She did it just as she'd watched her father do when she was a little girl. Fervently whispering a prayer, the tired young woman leaned into the car and turned the key.
The engine made weak cranking noises for several seconds before there was a tremendously loud backfire and it rumbled to life. Blue and white clouds of smoke billowed out of the tailpipe.
Mrs. Remlap screamed when she heard the backfire and started to reach for the shotgun propped against the lounge chair. When the old lady realized it was just Maria and the car, she forgot about the weapon as it slid down and clattered to the concrete floor. Remlap never fired it but knew it would work if she needed it. It was an old double barrel shotgun that her husband used many times to run off coyotes and scare off an occasional salesman back in the good old days.
Maria had little knowledge of firearms but inspected the weapon when she first saw it and confirmed there were shells inside the weapon. She asked a couple of times if the old woman knew where any more ammunition was.
Mrs. Remlap's elderly eyes usually appeared confused by the question then she'd shrug and ask Maria if she wanted more lemonade or ramble about something else. Maria considered searching the house for more shells but eventually decided fixing the car made more sense. The Remlap house was a huge two story building and had many rooms cluttered with enough things that Maria could have spent a week hunting for shotgun shells that might never be found or never existed in the first place. Plus, she'd hoped to stumble across the shells in the garage while repairing the car but never found any.

The engine was definitely running but it sounded unsteady and badly in need of maintenance. When Maria pressed the gas pedal gently the rumbling evened out into a loud roar. She got out of the car, coughed on the exhaust fumes quickly filling the garage, and smiled as the old lady got unsteadily to her feet while wiping sleep out of her eyes. “Want to go for a ride?” Maria asked before finishing off her glass of lemonade.
Mrs. Remlap grabbed her large ancient looking purse and a folded multicolored umbrella she used as a cane but forgot all about the shotgun laying partly under the lounge chair. She slowly tottered over and got into the driver’s seat while the eight track tape deck played Jerry Reed, singing When you're hot you're hot.
“The garage door is too sturdy to just run the car through, so I'm going to go open it. You stay inside and when I get back we'll get out of here, okay?” Maria asked, coughing on the quickly growing cloud of exhaust fumes.
The old woman coughed on the smoke, nodded, and gave her a thumbs up.
The exhaust fumes made the air a smoky bluish white fog bank. But the headlights were already switched on so Maria easily found her way to the garage door.

Looking at the padlock holding the doors shut, she was willing to bet the key was on the ring with the car keys. But afraid to turn off the car to use the key, even for as brief a time as unlocking the padlock would take, she instead used a long screwdriver and pried at the screws that the padlock was attached to on the garage doors. She feared the roughly rumbling old car might not start again. The wooden garage door was ancient, dried out, and rotten in parts, and the screws were popped out easily with the screwdriver.
As the last screw fell to the floor, she started pushing the heavy door on the left side open.
It squealed loudly on rusty hinges as she managed to open it all the way. A gust of fresh air made catching her breath a bit easier as the eight track player made a fairly loud ‘kachung’ noise and Jerry Reed started singing a song she’d once heard while watching a movie called Smokey and the Bandit.
Wish I had turned that off, she thought while pushing on the right side of the garage door.
It was stuck.
Maria turned around and pushed her back against it with all her strength, but the door wouldn't even budge. Then she caught an unpleasant whiff of decay somewhere outside in the darkness and started to kick at the big stubbornly stuck door in frustration.

Mrs. Remlap unrolled the car's window and was saying something, but the music was too loud to hear what she was yelling. “Pull (something) atch! Oh, look out (something)!”
Maria looked out where the front left headlight lit up the dusty driveway.
Someone was ambling up the driveway coming toward the garage and she swore in Spanish as she slammed her shoulder against the door again.
“On the floor, pull the latch!” the old lady yelled.
Maria looked down and saw a big rusty metal latch attached to the door going into the dust covered concrete garage floor. Gripping the metal bar in the latch she pulled.
It popped out easily and she started pushing the door just as a man she once knew as Paco grabbed her hair and pulled.
His mouth was open wide as he snarled and screamed at her. His teeth had never met a toothbrush while he was alive and being a zombie most certainly hadn't improved his dental hygiene any.
Screaming, Maria kicked back with her left leg. Her boot struck Paco and sent him rolling in the dust. Unfortunately, he never released her hair and she was dragged down with him as the garage door swung completely open.

From the driver’s seat the old lady saw one of the Maria's horrible friends come up, grab the girl and drag her to the ground. She's dead! Oh God, I have to get out here now! Mrs. Remlap thought in a panic then shoved the gearshift into drive and stomped down hard on the gas pedal.
With a loud roar the car sprang out of the garage, ran over Paco's body, and just barely missed squishing Maria's head with the tires.
She could hear the old woman screaming as she drove down the driveway crashed into another man who flipped over the hood, smashed into the windshield, then rolled across the roof before finally falling into the driveway. Maria watched the rapidly receding tail lights and screamed a long, filthy, mixture of both Spanish and English profanities that Mrs. Remlap would certainly have found uncouth and less than ladylike. She ran after the car for a few seconds and quickly how futile chasing after it would be. The Nova was already down the hill and turning onto the trailer park's main road, then she spotted a group of figures chasing the car that were already much closer to it than she was.
Maria slowed to a walk and was catching her breath as she watched the car speeding into the darkness and heard it smashing noisily into several unidentifiable objects. It was a depressing situation that only grew worse when she heard something between her and the garage. She whirled around and saw the remains of one of her old friends lurching toward her.
It was Enrique. He was still wearing a torn yellow shirt with the words I swam the Rio Grande and all I got was this damn T-shirt printed on the front and a pair of filthy denim shorts. His face was covered in dried blood and his eyes were wide and staring intently at her as he came closer. Apparently, Enrique was the one the car hit because his left leg was bent horribly at an angle that was in no way conducive to rapid mobility.
With only a moment’s hesitation she ran around the slow moving Enrique and Paco, who had also climbed back to his feet.

After slamming the right side garage door shut, she bent down to slide the metal latch bolt back into the floor. As it slid back in place she felt a hand grab her shirt and screamed while backing away.
Had this been a bad horror movie her shirt might have ripped open exposing her chest at this point, whereupon young adolescent boys would undoubtedly ooh and ah most appreciatively. But the material of her shirt (which she’d made herself) was just too tough to tear.
In pulling back she merely brought Paco along with her into the garage. He closed the distance as Maria finally realized she still held the screwdriver from earlier in her hand. She plunged it into his arm and twisted.
His fingers released her shirt and she tried to pull the screwdriver back out, but it was somehow stuck in his arm. She ran over to the workbench and looked for something else to fiercely beat Paco with. While searching, she spotted the dark square hole in the ceiling above the workbench that she’d seen earlier. When she asked Mrs. Remlap about it, the old woman said it was just a crawlspace full of her late husband’s stuff. Maria glanced over her shoulder and saw Paco was no longer alone. Enrique and another undead man that she didn't recognize (most likely because nearly all the skin was missing from his body) were staggering across the garage.
Okay then, attic here I come, she thought and climbed quickly on top of the cluttered workbench. Her boots unintentionally knocked off a few mason jars filled with nails, screws, bolts, and other odds and ends that fell and crashed to the floor. She saw the crazy men were much closer and heard their feet stomping on breaking glass as they hurriedly heedlessly across the broken jars and the plethora of items that used to be in them. Maria reached up for the ceiling crawlspace entrance at the same moment she spotted the shotgun near the lounge chair. Dang it, now I see it, she thought angrily and considered leaping over to get it. There are at least three of the loco men around. I'd only have two blasts with the shotgun, assuming I could get it to fire. The old lady never let it out of her grip while I worked on the stupid car. Who knows? The crazy woman might have even unloaded the damn thing for some reason. Maria shook her head and made a decision.

She jumped up and reached into the attic's crawlspace entrance.
There was a loud snap and she pulled her hand back out of the dark hole as her fingers screamed in agony. A dusty, wood and metal, spring operated, rat trap was attached to her bleeding pinky and the two adjacent fingers. Blood covered all three fingers as she started crying and felt hands pulling on her blue jeans. Almost losing her balance as they pulled, she ignored the trap and reached back into the crawlspace screaming in pain and fury while climbing into the darkness.

*****

As Charlie Farro dreamed of the girl who'd broken his heart, the rabbits that had taken refuge in his compound first heard then smelled the fast approaching screaming monstrosities.
The men reeked of death and madness. The rabbits stopped chewing on the remaining vegetables and marijuana plants as they sensed the mad men coming closer. At first it was just a few that broke and ran but within seconds a small furry stampede was underway. The only ones that were still in the compound as the men found their way inside were the ones that had been gorging themselves on the marijuana plants. They may have sensed the danger but were much too mellow and relaxed to be very concerned about it.
The chain link fence that surrounded his trailer was indeed six feet high, but Charlie had grown complacent and not checked its overall condition in twelve years. The sections nearest his trailer looked intact, overgrown here and there with climbing vines, but from where he could drive his scooter the fence seemed secure and insurmountable.
The problem was since nearly half the fence was beyond the scooter's range, or in areas too impassable to visit, he never noticed the three separate sections which had fallen down to varying degrees over the years. Two medium size sections had been crushed by fallen trees many years earlier. The other section had lost its support pole's concrete footing from constant water erosion in the stream bed and also collapsed.
As the record player continued in repeat mode, playing the same album over and over, the music attracted but in no way served to soothe the savage beast.
Charlie had installed quite a few large outdoor speakers on five foot tall wooden poles throughout his garden. He did this because he strongly believed his plants grew better when exposed to classic rock music. In addition to Lynyrd Skynyrd he knew marijuana grew best while being serenaded to with a wide variety of music including The Beatles, Creedence Clearwater Revival, Blue Oyster Cult, and Three Dog Night.

After stumbling into the moonlit garden the two men, which Colonel Lester would have classified as Screamers, attacked everything around them including all the plants that got in their way. They pulled and tore at the poles and ripped and bit at the wires until the music was nearly silenced. The two Screamers missed some speakers on the far side of the garden and the music continued to play, just much less loudly, as they finally noticed the rabbits strewn about on the ground.
Being Screamers, they were both very much alive and extremely hungry. They literally stumbled on the sleeping rabbits that had eaten some of the marijuana plants, ripped the furry animals to shreds, and feasted as the songs continued to play- albeit at a much lower volume. With over two dozen comatose rabbits to dine on there was no lack of food.
Since they'd become infected the men had been in an almost constant state of rage marked with explosive attacks on anything occasionally including each other and some of The Dead Heads, when they sometimes got in their way. They found very little fresh meat to eat over the last few days as the animals that used to reside in the park had run away. So, finding twenty rabbits in a comatose state was an excellent opportunity to eat their fill. They bit, ripped, and ate voraciously- reveling in the feast much the way a fat man will make multiple trips back to the dessert offerings at an all-you-can-eat buffet.

After a while, the pair of Screamers stumbled about in the pitiful looking remains of the garden and felt something other than the relentless explosive rage that had consumed their every thought since the moment of their infection. The one who used to be known as Gabriel began giggling while staring at the moon, felt dizzy, and finally fell into the dirt. He rolled over onto his back and grinned with blood stained lips up at the black velvet sky pin pricked with stars. His mind was still extremely confused yet, at least for the time being, he felt totally non violent as he gazed at the bright stars and moon.
His infected companion, who used to be called Exavier, staggered over and saw Gabriel smiling serenely up at the sky and tried to scream. The powerful desire to shriek and howl was somehow muted. His mind was just as affected with the Marijuana's chemical, delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol or THC for short, as his giggling star gazing companion. The scream didn't come forth, instead he muttered, “Hola,” and sprawled out in the dirt beside Gabriel and smiled.
Gabriel smiled back and answered, “Hola,” then returned to looking at the moon.

Gradually, with the passing of time, they managed to speak in multiple word sentences as the moon floated across the star filled night sky. “Feel... weird-, Why here?” Gabriel asked as he looked at the man he grew up with and was almost able to recognize.

For countless pot heads, the question, “Why here?” was perhaps the most identifiable with that he could have asked. But unlike the deep philosophical debates regarding the question of existence often debated under the influence of marijuana, Gabriel was meaning why are we here sitting in the dirt and staring up at the moon.
Of course, that's not to suggest that many uninfected college students hadn't found themselves in similar circumstances at one time or another- usually after a wild party or while on Spring Break, for example.

“Dreams... bad- smell... sh... shit,” Exavier responded feeling slightly less confused, yet still unable to make the leap back to where his mind used to be. He sniffed both his own and Gabriel’s pants that were packed full of four days worth of excrement.

This is also not an unheard of occurrence with some of the more experimental collegians throughout the world of academia.

He started giggling again and Gabriel joined him as far off in the distance they heard a scream. They both felt a momentary urge to answer the call but just laughed harder while rolling around in the dirt. Chewing on fresh rabbit meat, laughing at the moon, swaying to the music, and sometimes drinking from the small stream, time passed and they felt happy. They were both confused and disoriented with little sense of time or where they were- again very similar to many other marijuana users.

Regrettably, all good things must come to an end. And just like kids caught getting high in their parents basement, the good times came to an end. In this case it wasn't their parents who were about to ruin their party but a one armed hermit who did not like trespassers.
Charlie awoke to Cha-ka chirping and tugging at his ears. The little monkey bounced on his chest as laughter could be heard coming from somewhere nearby in the darkness. Momentarily disoriented, he looked around while reaching for his pistol. He pulled it out of its holster and reached by the wall of his trailer for the fuse box he had rigged up between the solar panels on the roof of his trailer and the batteries in the storage shed. He found the floodlights switch and turned them on.
The lights exposed the totally devastated garden across the stream that flowed by his trailer. Every one of his plants was destroyed. The corn stalks and tomato bushes were trampled or eaten, but far more infuriating to Charlie, every single one of his nearly nine foot tall marijuana plants were gone. It looked like someone had purposely ripped them out of the ground.
He noticed the music was much quieter as well and saw three poles where the speakers used to hang were bent at angles as if they'd been pulled down. Tears flowed down his cheeks as he looked upon his devastated garden, his life's work, his pseudo children senselessly ripped and torn apart. Decades spent creating his idea of a new Garden of Eden was utterly ruined. His fortress of solitude, hidden far away from the evils of the civilized world, was gone forever.
Charlie screamed a long loud bellow, “Who did this?!” and managed to stand up clutching his walking stick with his prosthetic arm while holding the Smith & Wesson .357 Magnum revolver in his badly trembling left hand.
His whole body was shuddered in rage as he saw the two bloody dirty men stand up and look at him with vacant grins on their faces. He cocked the gun and took aim. The gun was shaking as he tried to focus on the intruders and not the devastation they had brought to his home.
Gabriel, the tall lanky wearing a faded denim vest and jeans, with a bandana tied around his forehead had dark curly hair that matched the color of his mustache and black beard. He smiled widely with his dry blood covered face and said,“Hola.” 
That greeting was followed seconds later by Exavier, who was much shorter and wore a bloody knit cap and a large Groucho Marx style mustache. He gave a sort of half remembered wave with his fingers and also managed to say, “Hola,” while smiling at Charlie.

Had they said anything else without those gigantic idiotic smiles on their faces, Charlie Farro might have asked some questions before he fired the gun. But seeing them stupidly grinning amidst his devastated life's work was too much for him. Charlie screamed and sputtered incoherently as he repeated pulled the trigger.
He fired three shots into the tall man and Gabriel flew backward off his feet and fell dead with his arms and legs splayed wide.
Gabriel laughed and turned to watch his friend being propelled backward several feet. It was confusing to the little man but very funny looking. He turned back to face Charlie, chuckled, and said in a hopeful tone of voice, “Me too.”
Charlie smiled briefly and shouted, “You got it, dumb-ass! Then fired two more times at the short man. The bullets both hit him, But even as Gabriel was lifted off the ground by the force of impact and flew backward with his fatal gunshots wounds, he managed to laugh briefly before crashing into the dirt with a mystified smile on his face. From where he stood Charlie couldn't see it, but Exavier had an almost identical grin as he quickly left the world of the living.
Cha-ka screeched and scurried onto the trailer's roof and stared down with her tail flicking rapidly in the air behind her. The monkey was terribly scared and confused while Charlie stood trembling and staring at the carnage and destruction. He was very much lost in deep thoughts.

Your average one armed, pot growing, hermit that just murdered two men might be thinking about a variety of things. Will the police come? How can I dispose of the bodies? Will their friends come and exact revenge? Who the Hell did I just kill? However, Charlie had none of those questions floating through his mind. His thoughts were dark and only of himself.
Everything is gone. They stole it from me. What do I do now?
True, I have enough seeds to grow a whole forest of pot. But what’s the point? Why spend all the effort to regrow it all just so another pair of Cheech and Chong lookalikes come destroy it? How much do I need to suffer in this life?
Cha-ka made an inquisitive hooting noise from the trailer's rooftop, and Charlie sighed before looking up and smiling weakly at his small simian friend. “It's okay, sweetie. Sorry about the noise. Daddy's having the mother-of-all shitty days. You can come down now. I'm not mad at you,” he said holding out his prosthetic arm toward her.
She jumped off the roof, climbed up his arm and sat on his shoulder nuzzling his face with her own.
He stood on his two trembling prosthetic legs and tried to calm down, except even with his eyes closed he saw the garden in his mind utterly ruined. “Oh, Cha-ka, what should I do? What can I do?” He asked, feeling dizzy and nauseated after witnessing all the senseless devastation. He turned to fall back into his lounge chair as bitter tears rolled down his cheeks unchecked. With his vision obscured by tears, he tripped over one of his half full plastic jugs of urine which spilled across the porch.
Badly off balance, he tried not to fall into the pool of fluid then did just that. He slipped and shouted, “Shit!” a moment before collapsing extremely hard onto his homemade lounge chair. He landed very badly and felt his remaining testicle smash excruciatingly against the wooden armrest. Laying face down on the lounge chair, he cursed, shrieked, and cried harder.
Cha-ka seized a marijuana bud, quickly climbed back to the roof, looked down at the man, and scratched her butt while gnawing on the bud.
The hermit's testicle felt as if it burst like a small water balloon filled with warm water. His stomach and groin were both enveloped with an earth shattering pain. Moaning, he slowly rolled onto the lounge chair into a less agonizing position and fought down a powerful urge to vomit.
The pain was almost the worst he’d ever felt in his life. (Almost)

It felt nearly identical to a pain that he endured back in Vietnam.
He lied to the beautiful girl from the concert and everyone else who ever learned of his missing testicle and wanted to know what happened. The true story was infinitely worse than the tale of stepping on a landmine. Private Charlie Farro visited an infamous brothel that a friend of his recommended when he learned of his desire for younger girls. Most prostitutes in and around Vietnam's most notorious towns that were well known for the sex trade were teenagers, or in their early twenties, but none of them appealed to him.
When Private Farro learned from a friend that there existed a nasty excuse of a hotel where young children were enslaved in the worst conditions imaginable and abused in every degenerate way possible he couldn't resist visiting it. Believing himself smart and also afraid of catching any sexually transmitted diseases, Private Farro paid considerably more for a girl who was still a virgin.
The Madam operated the brothel that used the hotel's top floor introduced him to Kim Soo. She was a terrified sweet looking girl that was recently kidnapped from her village and sold into the sex trade. Even though Kim Soo was considerably younger than the girl Charlie later met at the concert, in later years both of them meshed in his mind as being similarly attractive. The child was rightly terrified as he spent the afternoon abusing her but rather than becoming more docile, she became increasingly violent toward him as the night wore on.
Kim Soo slapped him, scratched like a wildcat, and even bit him while trying to defend herself, but he was too strong and excited to be put off. Finally, after he pinched her arms so hard that she screamed and cried, while begging in a language Charlie couldn't understand, the child seemed resigned to his wishes. Very mistakenly, Private Charlie Farro thought that she had finally learned her proper place in life- kneeling between his thighs.
It wasn’t until he felt her small sharp teeth tear away half his scrotum, mangling his right testicle beyond the ARMY surgeon’s ability to save, that the young soldier realized (while vomiting from the agony) he should have stayed back at the barracks and just masturbated, just like everybody else usually did.

How could everything go to shit so fast? Charlie wondered.
On top of losing everything he'd cared for in life, the intense throbbing pain throughout his lower body started to hurt more instead of less. Afraid to look down, he reached out carefully with his left hand and felt a warm wetness on the crotch of his tattered blue jeans. He raised his fingers and stared at the blood that coated them.
Crying pitifully, he pulled the gun back out of the holster and looked at it through eyes filled with tears.
“Karma's a bitch.” That was what his squad leader Carl always said back when they served together in the war. As his remaining testicle bled and tormented him all Farro could think about was how much he hated the man.
Carl never shut up about how Karma was sort of like the Golden Rule with a bad temper and an ironic sense of justice. Kids would always run up and catch the candy that Carl threw to them when he walked the streets. Carl was the only son of an Alabama Baptist minister and always went out his way to help anyone whenever he could. He even won a medal for rescuing three other grunts that were caught in an ambush.
Charlie thought about Carl with his buck teeth and holier than thou attitude and felt like puking. The son of a bitch helped at the schools teaching kids how to read and speak English. He probably even taught that whore, Kim Soo! The dirty bastard even visited and brought me magazines and some chocolate while I was in the hospital the day after the little bitch bit off my nut.

After recovering enough to return to the field, Charlie clumsily managed to trip a Viet-Cong booby trap. Later, once more in the hospital, Farro was so happy to hear that the landmine he tripped had killed Carl in addition to leaving himself a triple amputee he couldn't stop smiling for a week. Of course the morphine probably accounted for some of his happiness. But there was no medic there at his trailer, and no morphine- just a couple of corpses lying in the middle of his decimated garden.

Charlie thought feverishly as he considered the situation. Everything I ever wanted was right here. What's the point of all this pain and suffering that I have to endure before it's over? I have no legs. I'm missing an arm, my right testicle, and now I think I've managed to castrate myself in the stupidest way since that night in the brothel. What more will I lose before this life is over?
He sighed in resignation, shut his eyes and remembered the girl who broke his heart long ago and smiled. He saw the girl who stole everything from him. She was smiling with her blue eyes sparkling like magic as they reflected the sunset beside the beach. With his eyes clenched tightly shut, he opened his mouth and stuck the barrel of the gun inside pointing up. He tasted the cold, faintly oily, metal and slowly squeezed the trigger.
She was still smiling at him at the beach as he pulled the trigger harder.
“Excuse me, sir?”
Charlie heard the voice and jerked involuntarily. He couldn’t stop pulling on the trigger as he opened his eyes.
He had a microsecond to see two young men holding big odd looking clubs. They were nervously watching him as the gun fired.
The shot would most definitely have blown the top of his head off had he not jerked at the last second. What happened instead made both Issac and Jeremiah turn away. The bullet went where the muzzle was pointed, on a trajectory through Charlie's tongue and right side of his face. Where the right side of his face had been a moment earlier there was now a large gaping smoking hole with shreds of flesh and meat dangling. All the teeth on the right side of his mouth were reduced to tiny shards of white and yellow shrapnel which rattled off the trailer’s door before falling in the dirt.

Issac turned back first and was unable to believe it possible. It seemed nothing short of miraculous, but somehow the man with the ruined face looked up at him with an expression of total awareness. The man's right eye was blown completely from the socket and hung from a pinkish colored string of meat. It seemed to be looking up at the night sky. The other eye stared straight at Issac. The badly injured man's body shook for a few seconds and then became motionless, but Issac saw that his chest continued to rise and fall.
Charlie had managed to shoot himself in a way that left him paralyzed from the neck down, yet from the neck up he felt every iota of blinding agony his horribly wounded head was suffering. When it was blown out of the socket by concussive force, he lost control of his right eye and all it could see was his bloody groin as it pointed downward. With his intact and considerably better functioning eye, Charlie glared at the strangers dressed in identical white shirts and black ties and half sputtered half screamed at him. Nonsense sounds were all he could make due to the extensive damage the bullet did to his mouth.
“Don’t worry. I know first aid, just relax and try to be calm,” Issac said, opening his backpack and pulling out a clean white t shirt which he quickly placed over the gaping hole in the right side of Charlie’s face. It instantly started staining red as it soaked up the blood.

The song Gimmee Three Steps performed by Lynyrd Skynyrd began to play from the record player as Jeremiah spoke up. “Issac, you better look at this.” Jeremiah's voice was choked as he watched the two men they had just seen killed were now not only standing but starting to move toward them. “What do we do, run or fight?”
Issac picked up the revolver Charlie had used in his monumentally failed suicide attempt and pointed it at the two men across the stream. Aiming carefully at the shorter one's head he pulled the trigger.
Few things in either of their respective lives were as disappointing as the anti-climatic click that followed. All six shots had been fired.
“Should I look for some bullets? What do we do? OH JESUS! What do we do!?” Jeremiah yelled while watching the obviously dead men starting to cross the stream.
Issac dropped the gun, grabbed his club he had laid next to the lounge chair, and joined his friend. “There’s no time to look for the bullets and we can't run off and leave this guy- besides we're Good Samaritans, remember? Let’s go bash their heads in.”
And with that, Issac ran toward the small stream the undead men were halfway across with his oak table leg club raised over his head. Saying a quick silent prayer, he hurried to the edge of the water and changed the club's position to that of an enormous baseball bat. He glanced to his side and saw Jeremiah with his face pale and arms trembling as he held his shaking club in both hands.
“Have faith, brother,” Issac said, before swinging at the tall lanky man who had three large (still slightly smoking) bullet holes in his chest. It was a tremendous swing and had it connected with the undead man's head it would surely have shattered the skull, but the lanky one stumbled over some submerged rocks and tumbled forward.
When he fell, he latched on to Issac's leg and bit down hard.
Issac was knocked to the ground, screaming, “God Damn you!” as he kicked and pushed the lanky ankle biter off. He jumped back to his feet and felt the bite on his leg aching as he lifted the club again. Ready to finish the fight, he swung the club down on the kneeling lanky man's head. It connected with a solid wet sound and crushed his skull. Issac watched as the man shuddered in the stream for a second and then lay still as water flowed over his body.

Jeremiah was considerably taller than the short man, but his wild eyes, open bloody mouth, and the sheer insanity of the situation forced him to retreat a step as the undeniably undead zombie continued splashing through the stream. Jeremiah hadn't been in a fight since elementary school and even then it had been against a girl. (Admittedly it was a very big girl, but still just a girl nonetheless.)
The young man swung the table leg at the short mustache sporting zombie’s chest and saw the impact do little more than knock him off balance. The short man stumbled and fell back into the stream as Issac screamed. Jeremiah spared a brief glance over and watched as his older friend finished his enemy off with an impressive skull shattering wallop.
The short one tried to crawl toward him through the water and Jeremiah held him at bay with his club. He knew what needed to be done, but didn't believe he could do it. Staring down at his opponent the young man who believed in being merciful and forgiving, in fact lived by those ideas, felt uncertain and only kept the undead crawling man in the water away by poking him with the table leg.
Issac walked over and said, “Think of it as destroying the enemy of God, Jeremiah. He's not a man any longer. There is no image of God in this abomination. Hit him in the head if you love God. Just do it.”
Jeremiah lifted the club over his head and brought it down with all the righteous fury he could muster. The wooden table leg felt heavy as he swung it at the man who had never done anything to him. It connected and the resultant powerful vibration that ran up his arms made him nearly drop the club.
The little man with the Groucho mustache fell back into the water. The hair and scalp were torn partially off of his fractured skull but he was not yet defeated. He grunted and gibbered while rushing forward as Jeremiah backed up another step.
Give me strength, Lord, the young man prayed silently while swinging the club again. On impact, the skull collapsed in on itself and the dead man finally ceased to move. Jeremiah gagged and quickly looked away.


CHAPTER 10
Night Moves & Caveat Emptor

Long ago discarded empty beer cans loudly rattled, crashed, and clattered against each other and other things that Billy couldn't see while running through the mostly pitch-black trailer park. There were occasional patches of moonlight that the boy always tried to veer toward but most of time he was in darkness. He stumbled and nearly fell several times when he tripped over hidden obstacles but didn't fall. While sprinting between a pair of badly dilapidated trailers, and into another small moonlit area, the boy couldn't see what else he was running into but guessed there had to be a few billion beer cans scattered around the trailers. Haven't these people ever heard of recycling? That's all my teachers ever seem to preach about at school, he wondered, as Boris crashed through the mounds of beer cans beside him. Billy could hear his English teacher inside his head as he veered around yet another fairly large mound of aluminum cans, “We all have an obligation to save the planet by recycling.”
She can have all these stupid cans. All I want is to get out of here and make a phone call for help, the increasingly tired boy thought as his pumping legs began feeling rubbery and his breath came in quick gulps.

Billy was reminded of a class experiment they did a few months earlier at school called Blind for a Day. Running in the dark while being chased by monsters was a lot more challenging than simply wearing a blindfold and being led around the school by his friend Kevin. During the experiment, he ran into a few chair legs and managed to slip on some spilled strawberry flavored milk on the tiled lunchroom floor and fell on top of a couple of girls who'd been eating some of the tasteless crap purported to be food served by the school. But at that time, he knew when the experiment was over he'd be able to take off the blindfold, go home, and play video games or watch TV. But as he ran in the almost complete darkness of the trailer park Billy realized this was no experiment, except maybe an experiment in terror that stemmed from his own stupidity. Regrets about leaving the trailer filled his mind. The horrible feeling that he'd never see his mom or grandfather again grew steadily stronger as Billy's muscles ached and exhaustion began taking its toll.
Running hard, his lungs ached for air. The boy felt increasingly tired and uncoordinated as he ran into mysterious things he had no way to identify in the near total darkness. 
A wide clearing ahead was awash in moonlight and he ran harder as the grunting and screaming things behind him sounded much closer. Boris ran through the clearing and he chased after him. After jumping a drainage ditch, he climbed over a three foot high retaining wall made of cinder blocks. Billy stumbled once more into shadows cast by an abandoned trailer and had to stop for a moment.
Stopping to catch his breath, he leaned against the wall of bricks and gasped for air. His trembling legs felt rubbery and without consciously doing so the boy slid down behind the wall until he was sitting in the dirt and shadows. He heard Boris panting next to him, reached out and petted him on the head, and again wished he'd stayed in bed. Seeing a nearby section of the wall was missing some bricks, he scooted over on his belly and looked back at the clearing they had just run through. But there was no visible sign of the pursuers as he slowly worked to catch his breath.
There were loud noises coming from where they'd just been. Most of the men made the same grunting noise he'd almost become used to hearing over the last few days. But a screamer in the darkness made the boy's body trembled uncontrollably until he felt Boris licking his face.
Billy pulled his BB rifle's leather strap off his shoulder and made sure the weapon was pumped up and ready to fire. Peering back into the moonlit clearing, the tired boy saw the ditch running through it that he vaguely recalled jumping across and wondered how he managed not to trip or fall into it. A clothesline hung up between the pole and the trailer was about five feet above the ground and a giant pair of old underwear and bra hung limply from it. They'd run right under the clothesline and Billy was very grateful he was still a fairly short kid.

Opening the backpack, he pulled out a bottle of water as his breathing gradually slowed down. Billy drank a little then poured some into the palm of his hand and held it out so Boris could drink too. He felt the dog's warm tongue as it licked the water yet kept a wary eye on the clearing while the sounds of pursuit grew louder.
To Billy, it seemed and sounded like an army of the undead was closing in. He felt like every bad person in the valley was chasing them.

There was a racket of running feet and snarling moments before an empty gallon size paint can was kicked out of the darkness. It clattered and bounced across the dusty ground then rolled into the ditch and made another brief but loud noise. A lanky man that was little more than a fast moving silhouette, from where Billy laid hidden behind the wall and watched, ran into the clearing and howled. After finishing his bellow, the lanky man bent over and sniffed at the ground. He howled again, stood up, and ran toward the ditch heading for the spot where the boy and dog had recently crossed.
There was a twang sound as he hit the clothesline.
The nylon line intersected with his neck and caused him to be flung backward, flip upside down, and tumble into the drainage ditch. The ditch was lined with bricks and as the man fell, there was a solid thunk noise followed by another clatter of the empty paint can. A yelping of pain filled the air as the man landed with his upper body in the ditch and his legs shaking gracelessly up in the air.
As the snarls continued although much quieter, Billy almost giggled at the sight.

Three more shadowy figures came out of the darkness and they went in a group to the flailing legs sticking out of the ditch. The fattest of the trio grabbed a shaking leg sticking out of the ditch and bit down on it.
The confused pained yelps coming from the ditch became a scream of fury.
One of the other two other figures stared momentarily at the fat man gnawing on the yelping man's leg, grunted, sniffed at the ground, then walked forward and promptly fell into the ditch. But he quickly climbed out on the other side. The last one with one of his arms badly torn and missing its lower parts looked on as the fat one began tearing large sections of muscle and flesh from one of the upside down man's legs while more yelping screams erupted from inside the ditch.
Billy watched as the one that had crawled out of the ditch moved to the low wall, leaned forward and fell with a crash only a few feet where they were hiding.
“It's time to run again,” he whispered to the dog before sprinting away from the clearing and once more into darkness.


Billy gradually heard the grunting and snarling become more distant behind him as they ran on trying not to crash into anything.
A simple thing to do if I'd been smart enough to bring along a stupid flashlight, he thought while picking up speed. Glancing over his shoulder, provided a brief glimpse of the moonlit clearing a moment before he ran into a grocery cart that someone apparently filled with yet more empty beer cans. The boy tumbled and landed in the midst of a huge pile of cans and made a horrendous amount of noise. CRAP! There must be a million dollars worth of aluminum in this stupid park, Billy realized as he got up and continued to run.
Up ahead, he caught a starlit glimpse of something in his way and tried to swerve around it but tripped on a rusty chain that hung from some short metal posts. The chain had an old rusty sign hanging on it which even in daylight would have been too rusty and illegible to read.
Boris yelped as Billy stumbled forward and, carried by momentum, landed partly on the dog and partly on some old wooden boards. The boy was momentarily stunned as he laid there listening to the old boards creaking under him and felt the dog’s wet tongue licking his face. The phone! He felt around in the backpack, found it, pulled it out, and flipped it open. The light from its screen was feeble yet enough for Billy to see the dog looking warily back the way they had come.
Both of Boris' ears twitched as he growled softly.
The signal meter was still showing NO SIGNAL as Billy sat up slowly on the creaking boards. He saw his BB rifle and was reaching for it when the beer cans they had run through seconds earlier clattered in the darkness behind him. While picking up the rifle, he flipped the phone shut then tried to stand.
Boris growled louder in the darkness as Billy shakily stood up feeling the bending boards creaking and cracking ominously. The boy whispered, “Come on Boris,” and took a single step before a board his left boot was standing on broke apart with a sound as loud as a gunshot. Slamming face first into the dirt, he felt his nose start bleeding. DANG IT! he thought while trying to stand but his boot was wedged tight between some wooden boards. As Billy pulled and wiggled his boot, attempting to free it, Boris growled then barked and ran back the way they'd come.
“No Boris, come back here!” the boy shouted in equal parts fear for dog's safety as well as his own, while still struggling to free his boot. Sharp edges from the wood were painfully cutting his ankle as he moved it. He was sprawled mostly on the dirt with his lower left leg still trapped firmly in the splintered wooden planks.
Boris sounded like he was busy and Billy heard additional growls that he was certain did not belong to the dog. Flipping open the phone once more, he quickly saw how his foot was stuck. It felt and almost looked as if the planks of wood had grown sharp nasty teeth that were trying to chew him up. But in spite of the pain, the boy kept pulling and twisting until he saw a shadowy figure approaching from where Boris continued his fight. The light from the phone allowed him to watch the shambling creature come closer.
It had once been a man. Billy was certain of that, but most of its face lacked skin and the hands were filthy with many large missing patches of skin. Oh crap, I'm dead meat, the boy thought before yelling, “BORIS!” as the thing that once had been a man looked directly at him and shuffled forward faster.

*****

Issac told Jeremiah to keep watch while he checked on the man missing half his face. “Sir, do you have a first aid kit inside the trailer? Just blink twice if you do.”
Charlie closed his eye that still had a functional eyelid and made a lisping squawking noise. It sounded like neither a yes or no.
“Jeremiah, go inside and see if you can find a first aid kit or maybe just some clean towels. Get anything to help staunch the flow of blood. And maybe some bandages for my leg where that thing bit me- And some rubbing alcohol if he has any. I'll stay here with our new friend,” Issac said, and patted Charlie gently on the shoulder as he wiped the sweat off his own forehead. He felt queasy and flushed as Jeremiah hurried inside the trailer.
Charlie made another slightly louder lisping noise as he heard the younger man climb the steps and go inside his home.
“Just try and relax. I've seen much worse wounds,” Issac lied, as he slowly felt increasingly dizzy and flushed. He sat back against the trailer and closed his eyes to rest until Jeremiah came back. Issac tried to pray as he rested. God help us. Please help me to be strong... and, and do your will. There was a confusing moment of pain stabbing deep inside his head. Issac fought hard against it- and continued, God, oh...oh God! He clutched his head tightly with both hands and felt the pain increasing exponentially as a brilliant flare of agony exploded deep inside his brain. His last coherent thought was, GOD!

Charlie heard the man behind him breathing harder. It sounded almost like a dog panting. He would have turned to see what was going on if possible, but of course being paralyzed from the neck down there was no way for him to do it. Through garbled grunts he'd been trying to tell them not to go in the trailer and begged for them to put him out of his misery. But from what little he’d overheard from their conversations, Farro was certain the two kids were 'Bible Thumpers' of the worst sort.
They were the kind who would never commit a mercy killing, damn it. He also feared what the young man would find inside his trailer. Having been a lifelong pornography enthusiast, Farro shuddered to think what had been left sitting around inside. Of course, if the kid triggered any of the booby traps Charlie had cleverly hidden around the trailer what the young man might find would hardly matter. He’d planted the traps years earlier and checked to make sure they were in working order every now and then just in case he was ever burglarized or raided by the police or the government. Charlie Farro had almost no faith in the idea of people possibly being of good will.
Hearing the kid inside the trailer shifting things around and looking around, Charlie wondered if it would hurt when the trailer exploded. He heard the other kid panting harder behind him, concentrated and tried to say slowly and clearly, “Get your friend out of there.” But it came out sounding more like, “Ge yr hrend ow der.”
The older kid moved closer and was breathing heavily on top of his head, sniffing loudly and grunting.
Charlie was mystified and confused as the kid slowly circled around so he could see him.
The floodlights made him all too easy to see as they came face to face. The whites of the young man's eyes were a bright crimson color and he felt him yank the folded up bloody shirt off the missing side of his face.
Issac leaned closer and reached over to Charlie's partially dislodged eyeball, grabbed it and pulled.

This place is an insult to pigsties everywhere, Jeremiah thought as he picked up a kerosene lantern that had been burning just inside the door. Walking down the filthy and foul smelling narrow hallway he managed to step into a pile of gooey stuff. The horrible smell suddenly grew exponentially worse, and he held his breath while hurrying into the bathroom.
Skynyrd watched from the shadows as the intruder stepped through its bodily wastes and flicked its tongue to taste the air. The snake had been sleeping peacefully until it first heard then smelled the stranger blundering around in the living room and hallway. Slowly uncoiling, it slithered down the hallway from the back bedroom that served as its lair.
Charlie had tried to coax Skynyrd outside over the last several days to eat some of the rabbits, but it hadn't been hungry then. As it uncoiled and slid forward it finally felt hungry and deeply perturbed to have been so rudely awakened. The snake tasted the air again and was certain this man was a stranger and consequently a possible snack.

Jeremiah looked for medical supplies in the bathroom closet and was befuddled by the sight of so many cigar boxes stacked neatly on every shelf. There must have been more than a hundred of them and he couldn't help opening one to discover its contents. It was filled with stacks of dirty twenty and fifty dollar bills bound together with rubber bands. He closed the cigar box lid and left it alone after a moment’s hesitation. Having always been good at math, his brain switched automatically to 'calculator mode' and he tried to estimate the possible amount of money kept in the filthy bathroom closet. Estimating the number of bills was nearly impossible, but after a few seconds he guesstimated each box could contain two thousand dollars- assuming the denominations remained somewhat consistent for each box.
The man outside missing half his face could have two hundred thousand dollars in here, Jeremiah thought and shook his head in disbelief. He closed the closet door and turned to the medicine cabinet over the sink, muttering, “Lucky for him I'm not a thief.”

Actually it was lucky for everyone in a two hundred meter radius that he wasn't a thief.
Long ago, Charlie rigged a weight sensitive bomb under the boxes. Removing one or two boxes wouldn't set it off but anything over five pounds would have. Not being a believer in doing things half way, Farro rigged ten blocks of C-4 plastic explosives- assuming that if anyone ever stole the money he would already most likely be dead.

Jeremiah found the medicine cabinet full of various kinds of pills in clear plastic containers with no labels on them, two empty tubes of toothpaste, a straight razor, some anti-fungal creams, an ancient looking condom package, and a small box of adhesive bandages.
After grabbing the bandages he was disgusted to find a pile of old, foul smelling, filthy, towels by the wall. He picked up the least crusty feeling one and started back out when a brief gurgling scream was followed by an almost ear splitting shriek seconds later from just outside the trailer.
Tripping over Skynyrd in the dark hallway and not realizing what it was, he ran to the front room holding the towel and bandages. More screams from right behind the trailer door made him stop with his hand already on doorknob. Shuddering, he instead leaned over to move aside the dusty curtain and peered outside. He only looked for a second before pulling the foul smelling towel to his face and struggled not to scream and or throw up.
After several moments, Jeremiah worked up the courage to look back through the window and prayed silently.

Issac was sitting on Charlie's lap with his legs spread wide on either side of the lounge chair, which the grievously wounded man was still on.
In the bright glare of the flood lights, Jeremiah saw his friend’s eyes were bright red where they had been white just a few minutes earlier. His mouth dribbled blood as he pulled on the grievously injured man’s face. Issac ripped off a large strip of skin and shoved it in his mouth while snarling like a crazed animal.
Jeremiah noticed that both table leg clubs were leaning against the lounge chair outside and bit his lip as he tried to formulate a plan.

Charlie hurt his throat screaming and was desperately willing himself to pass out, faint, or preferably die. Unfortunately, much to his dismay, he continued to live. Feeling his face being ripped off, the best he was able to manage was a deep gurgling whimper as he closed his remaining eye and wept.
The monstrosity sitting on his lap, dressed like a preacher boy, made joyful noises while smacking his lips and seemed oblivious to the angrily chattering Cha-ka. The tiny monkey was witnessing her master being devoured, piece by piece, from the relative safety of the trailer's roof.
Charlie felt the man grab a loose flap of his left cheek and pull upward.
Issac grunted loudly and then Charlie was again forced to see. The crazed traveling evangelist ripped the skin up and off. It left the entire front of Charlie's skull peeled back, much like a tangerine. His eyelid went with the rest of his face and Farro's remaining eye looked in every direction in rapid succession. Unable to close his eye any longer, he stared at the man chewing on his face. My face! It's like a mask! It looks just like a cheap rubber Halloween mask! This is not happening! Charlie thought frantically as his facial nerve endings screamed in agony.

Apparently something about the way the man's unwashed greasy hair tasted did not appeal to Issac and he stopped eating when he reached it. Spitting out chunks of hair and skin from the torn away piece of Charlie's face, Issac stood and ran to the stream. He knelt on his hands and knees then lowered his mouth to the water and slurped noisily from it.

Jeremiah saw Issac drinking from the stream and decided to take a chance. He opened the door of the trailer, bent down, and felt the injured man’s heart somehow continuing to beat. It took just a brief glance at the mostly skinless headed man that was staring up at him with his remaining eye, to know he was still all too aware of his surroundings. His eye rolled around in his peeled meaty and bleeding face as he gurgled pitifully.
Jeremiah knew moving a man with injuries as extensive as the stranger's had to be was usually a bad idea, but he strongly suspected dragging him inside must be better than the alternative of letting him be eaten alive by his former friend. He slipped his hands under Charlie's thighs and back and lifted him easily, as Issac continued to noisily slurp and spit into the water.
Farro wasn't heavy and very quickly Jeremiah managed to carry him into the trailer and set him down in an ancient rather ratty looking red and black plaid recliner. Jeremiah looked back outside at his oak club and then at his monstrous friend rolling around in the stream. Caught between two conflicted options, he couldn't move. Should I help this man who is sure to die of his injuries no matter what or go out and take an oak club and bash in Issac's head?
Charlie gurgled loudly from behind him as if to remind the young man that he was still there. Jeremiah closed the door to the trailer and locked it then knelt down beside Farro. “Don't worry. I know it hurts, but just... uh don't worry. I won't let you die. Um, just try and relax. I'm going to see if there's something in the kitchen I can use to help you. Just... just try and relax and please, for God's sake, stop looking at me like that,” Jeremiah whispered. The faceless man's eye staring up at him was disturbingly nightmarish looking.
The eye followed him as he walked away.
Spotting an empty plastic cup on a small table Issac paused to pick it up. He turned it upside down and gently placed it over Charlie's remaining eye so it would stop staring at him.
Charlie was not amused by the kid's placing it over his eye and managed a slight twitch of his head and the cup fell into his lap after Jeremiah had gone into the kitchen.

Skynyrd smelled fresh blood as it slithered into the living room. The enormous snake smelled Charlie and the aroma was irresistible as it hurried toward the recliner.
Charlie stared at his python as it climbed up in the recliner and heard the young man looking through cabinets in the kitchen. His eye rolled frantically as he tried to scream, but what came out of his mouth was just a barely audible wet gurgling sound as Skynyrd began wrapping itself around his waist.
This wasn't the first time the snake attempted to squeeze him to death. Over the years, it had squeezed and broken a pair of prosthetic legs and a few ribs, yet Charlie always managed to teach it who was the boss.
Pans rattled behind him as the kid kept looking for something in the cupboards. What the young man hoped to find Charlie had no idea as the snake quickly completed a fourth lap around his torso. His eye looked down and saw Skynyrd's head rising until they were finally scaly face to skinless face.

The bathroom was cleaner than an operating room compared to the kitchen, Jeremiah thought as he searched for something. He wasn't sure what he hoped to find. A powerful feeling of shock was overcoming him as he tried not to think about just how wrong things had gone. His best friend been transformed into a homicidal monster and nearly killed a man who miserably failed in trying to kill himself. Completely out of ideas, he leaned wearily against a cabinet and closed his eyes in prayer, God, what should I do?

Charlie realized he was dead. He couldn't feel his ribs snapping, but did hear them and then- as if the situation couldn't get any weirder- Charlie saw a familiar looking dead man walk in from the trailer's narrow hallway.
“It's like I told ya, buddy, Karma is a bitch,” Carl said, appearing exactly as he had when he'd last seen him in Vietnam... except for the giant, bloody, ragged, hole where the dead man's chest used to be before the landmine Charlie stepped on had gone off. “Tsk tsk,” Carl said, tapping Skynyrd on its head with a finger and immediately the snake seemed dazed and stopped moving.
Charlie's eye stared at the dead man standing before him but couldn't think of anything to say even if he were capable.
“You think you want to die, don't ya Chuckles? You think anything’s got to be better than what you're feeling right now. Go on admit it.” After a second Carl looked slightly chagrined. “Oh that's right, you've managed to quite 'ingeniously' paralyze yourself. You may not know it, my perverted little friend, but that might have been the smartest thing you've ever done in your whole pathetic excuse of a life.
There's no secrets in the afterlife, buddy. All those nasty things you’ve done have been known and categorized since the moment you did them. Oh by the way, in case you were worried about that little girl you raped, Kim Soo... You remember her, don't you?” Carl's ghost looked down at Charlie's pants where the blood still oozed out of his remaining testicle. “Maybe instead of ‘one nut’ I should just call you Charlene?” The apparition chuckled for a few moments before continuing. “I have good news for you, Charlene. Kim Soo escaped in one of the boat lifts at the end of the war and got herself adopted into a good family from Iowa. She even managed to earn outstanding grades in school and eventually became a doctor.
Of course, she can never have children because of the hideous things you did to her that night before she taught you a valuable lesson. But you want to hear something funny?” Carl asked, leaning closer as Charlie's eye followed him. “Even after all the shit and Hell you put her through that girl still managed to lead a joyful productive life surrounded by people who love her. And who are you surrounded by, Chuckles? Looks to me like you're surrounded by one extremely bad-ass hungry snake.” Carl laughed, stood up, and grinned down at him.

“Well time's a wasting, old buddy, so let me cut to the chase here. Remember when I said paralyzing yourself was the smartest thing you've ever done? I wasn't being sarcastic or kidding.
You are destined for Hell, pal. I'm not saying you don't deserve it, but thanks in part to that kid over there in your kitchen the powers above wanted to offer you a lifeline. And lucky me, I get the pleasure of offering it.” Carl used two fingers to pick up an ancient badly stained magazine full of photographs of naked children then quickly set it back down so the front cover was hidden and shook his head. He stared at Charlie with a look of complete disgust for several seconds then continued. “You can choose door number one, and Skynyrd here will finish your miserable excuse of a life in less than a minute and have an upset stomach for a week. Plus, you'll get to suffer for all eternity in Hell.” He smiled and leaned closer. “You know how preachers like my dad would describe it as a lake of fire and how your immortal soul will be tormented for all eternity?
Well, my perverted little friend, that doesn't even begin to come close to just how hideous it truly is down there.” Carl leaned back and ran his fingers softly over Skynyrd's head.
The snake blinked its eyes while its tongue flicked the air again.
Charlie's eye looked around frantically as he gurgled a loud a series of nonsensical syllables.
“Sorry, Charlie, but I don't speak faceless Chomo,” Carl said, looking down in disgust. “Now where was I? Oh, now I remember. You can go straight to Hell or choose door number two. I can get Jeremiah's attention and he might be able to save you. And here's the really good part. You get to spend the rest of your life atoning for your sins and trying to become a good person.
Personally, I have no doubt you'll choose door number two and then try to delude yourself that I was a hallucination brought on by shock or something and go back to being what your best at- A degenerate perverted worm of a man. I bet you're thinking a lot about that aren't ya? Is this really a ghost or just a figment of your demented imagination? Who knows?
Hurry up and choose, Chuckles, because even though I may be a ghost your nasty trailer is really creeping me out.”
Charlie looked at the floor and his head shuddered a little bit from left to right.
Carl's ghost rubbed at his eyes in an exaggerated pantomime of crying. “Oh, boohoo. I lost my legs and an arm. Oh, pitiful me. I lost a girl that I thought I was in love with because she let me fuck her before she stole my van. Bless my ever loving heart. I lost a marijuana garden in the middle of nowhere while real living people, with real lives, fight for their very survival.
Just hurry up and choose, Chuckles. Skynyrd's coming out of her daze and I've got to hit the road. Just think your choice. I'll know what you choose.
Oh, one last thing Chuck, if you choose to live there is no guarantee you won't end up in Hell anyway so Caveat Emptor, old buddy.”


CHAPTER 11
Tug of War & Skynyrd

Gripping the dusty steering wheel tightly in both of her wrinkled arthritic hands, Mrs. Remlap's face was a combination of snarling insanity and confusion with more than a dash of outright terror thrown in to the mix. She bore little resemblance to the members of NASCAR racing, but the old Chevy Nova roared down the trailer park road fishtailing with its tires squealing and sending a plume of dust in its wake just the same. The old woman's eyesight was not very good during the day and just before the crack of dawn, with one headlight smashed out during a collision with a wooden crate, it was safe to say as her late husband often would about other poor drivers, “She was bat shit blind.”
The engine coughed uneasily when she slowed down to make a left turn and headed down the road that led toward the trailer park's exit.

A large, well aged, and rather savvy in the way-of-the-world jackrabbit leaped atop an antique washing machine someone left along the side of the dusty road. It stood on its hind legs and watched the approaching one headlight piercing the darkness as the car once more picked up speed. It roared closer with its motor shattering the early morning quiet as music spilled through the open driver side window after Remlap's failed attempt to turn off the stereo. In her terrified state of mind, she accidentally turned the volume to its highest setting. The powerful set of quadraphonic stereo speakers played music so loudly that the Nova's body was shaking as much from them as the roaring engine.
The right front tire spun past the furry long-eared animal within literally a whiskers distance before the car continued into the darkness and left a cloud of dust and exhaust in its wake.
The jackrabbit twitched its nose, blinked, then looked over its shoulder. It felt the vibration of running footsteps coming closer. The running things smelled of death, madness, and man. (Three things that it didn't want any contact with) It leaped from the washing machine and raced to its narrow home that was in the crawlspace under a nearby mobile home. Once it was safely inside, far from the range of reaching human arms and hands, it turned around and watched the shadowy forms of men on the road and listened to the running footsteps passing by. There was a chorus of growls, snarls, and grunts coming from them. The jackrabbit closed its eyes and its body trembled in the dark safety of its snug subterranean home until they all had left.

The car ran over an old tricycle decorated with long faded pink tassels hanging out of the handle bars. The small three wheeler became wedged under the front bumper and a horribly loud screeching and scraping sound accompanied the disjointed bucking and shaking of the car.
Mrs. Remlap glanced at the dashboard as a great many red lights flashing back at her. OIL, TEMP, CHECK ENGINE, and SEATBELT warning indicators tinted the light that covered her face to bright crimson while sparks flew from under the car as it kept dragging the firmly wedged tricycle down the road. The engine coughed and bucked harder as she turned toward the exit.
A confusing jumble of wrecked cars, junk, and running men blocked most of the exit.
Her jaw dropped open and the adhesive holding her upper dentures in place failed utterly.
The dentures that were bought on sale in 1988, at half price, fell out of her gaping mouth and landed on her robe as several dozen men quickly sprinted toward the car. Without thinking, she hit the brakes as the men began to climb up on the hood of her car.
The Nova's engine made one enormous fart of a backfire and died. From the eight-track stereo, Jerry Reed kept singing about someone named Amos Moses as she seized the crank and began quickly rolling up her window.


Billy heard the enormous backfire and country music coming from somewhere toward the park's exit as he reached for the BB rifle. Having already pumped it up, he pointed it at the nearly skinless face of the man staggering toward him. The phone's light shined more than enough for him to see the disgusting thing was only seconds away. The barrel of the rifle was hard to hold steady as the boy lay on the ground with his foot still painfully wedged between the old boards. It kept swinging wildly as he tried to aim the rifle.
Grandpa told him last summer the trick to good aiming was to take a deep breath and slowly let it out and when you're almost done breathing out just squeeze the trigger. “Never pull on it. Just squeeze it gently,” he'd said. “Squeeze it slow and easy like you were dancing with a pretty girl.”
Billy had been grossed out at the time by the idea of having anything to do with a girl (let alone dancing with one) but smiled slightly as he squeezed the trigger.
A tiny metal pellet exploded out of the barrel, flew straight and true, then punctured its way through the man’s right eye with a soft splat noise. Grayish green slime coupled with dark, nearly black, blood erupted and trickled down his face. As the one eyed man staggered backward reaching up to his face, Billy yanked harder on his stuck foot and heard the boards creaking. He imagined it felt like being trapped in dried cement.
Setting down his rifle, he reached down and grabbed his leg and tried to think of himself as one his favorite superheroes: The Hulk. Tugging on his leg with both hands he yelled loudly, “Hulk smash puny boards!” and felt a sharp pain accompanied by a cracking of wood as he finally pulled his boot free of the rotten boards.
The one eyed man stumbled forward again as Billy rolled off the wood and got shakily back to his feet.

Somewhere nearby in the darkness there was a single loud pained bark
“Boris! Come on get away from there!” The worried boy shouted. (He was much more concerned about the dog than himself)
Boris yelped loudly and ran toward Billy and the man he'd shot in the eye.
As the first ghostly rays of sunlight lit the misty clearing, Billy saw the dog swerve into view from a nearby trailer. It leaped easily over a pile of debris, veered around a scrawny short tree, then sprinted toward him while being chased by yet another man.
Boris barked and leaped over the hanging chain, knocked the one eyed zombie to the boards and landed on top of him. The dog yipped as if it were having a great deal of fun and swiveled its head slightly to the side with a goofy look on his furry face.

If it were a movie and someone hired stunt people to create what happened next it may have taken twenty, maybe thirty, attempts to get that perfect landing with the first rays of morning sunlight landing on Boris' face while perched atop the confused flailing one eyed undead man atop the boards. But the dog made it look like something he did every day.
Billy said, “Good boy. Now come-” he stopped speaking when a quick series of loud cracks and pops came from the wooden well cover as it began to disintegrate.
The boy screamed, “No!” dropped his rifle, and reached for the scrambling dog as the one eyed man fell into the well. A moment later there was a muffled splash and a bewildered series of echoing grunts from below, yet Billy hardly noticed that. Diving onto the dusty ground, he reached out and snagged the dog’s front left leg as the rest of its body disappeared from view. Billy’s eyes watered as more echoing splashes and grunts drifted up from the bottom of the well where several rotten boards and a one eyed monstrosity had landed in the shallow water.
Boris whimpered in terror and confusion as Billy desperately clutched his paw with both hands. The terrified boy held tight to the dog even after the man with half an arm missing fell over the old chain that surrounded the long abandoned well and began crawling toward him.


Mrs. Remlap took a deep breath, locked the doors and slipped her upper dentures back in her mouth. She then took a moment to shut off the stereo.
The men, or remnants of men, beat on her car as she calmly turned the ignition key.
The engineers in Detroit would have been proud of their creation as the Nova's engine roared back to life without a moment’s hesitation.
“Thank you, Sweet Jesus,” the old woman said, putting the car in reverse just as weak early morning sunlight began to filter down.
The badly deformed tricycle was dragged backward by the car for a few feet making a hideous screeching noise before it broke free. Like a twisted example of what many experts might consider a form of modern art, being displayed in avant-garde museums around the world, what remained of the tricycle rolled a few feet and stopped.
Most of the men around the car beat at it with bloodied hands that were missing large patches of skin. A few of them with some semblance of intelligence used rocks and pieces of metal to beat at the windows. The windshield cracked in an intricate spider web pattern when a piece of cinder block was thrown at it. A dead man with a massive and still growing colony of maggots infesting his skull rammed the passenger side window with his head. As he hit the glass first a few then dozens more maggots tumbled from his torn rotted scalp. On the last hit, his head shattered the glass and he started to climb through the passenger window.
Mrs. Remlap stared at the ripped and torn headed man dribbling maggots and gore on the passenger seat and instantly realized two things. Maria had been right when she said they were monsters, and the car's upholstery was going to be difficult if not impossible to clean.
The car idled roughly when she put it back in drive.
“Out of my way, you dirty fluckers!” she screamed, as her upper dentures flopped loose once more which made the last word sound a bit garbled. She stomped on the gas pedal and the rough idling engine seemed, for several agonizingly slow seconds, much too stunned to realize what was expected of it. Then the carburetor greedily drank the gasoline and the engine roared as the tires spun once more. The Nova left behind a pair of twin tracks of rubber on the dusty street.
The old Chevy surged forward crashing into and driving over several men as Remlap yelled a warrior's battle cry.

When the car hit a fat man that had been slowly waddling closer he exploded like a giant water balloon filled with grayish red paint. What was left of his body was splattered across an old swing set. The fat man's head swung back and forth from the top as it continued to open and close his mouth.
A small boy, a little younger than Billy, landed sprawled atop either the badly deformed tricycle with faded pink tassels or an ingeniously designed piece of modern art depending on one's perspective.
The maggot infested man grunted and reached across the seat for the old lady, but was unable to get further into the car as most of his body was dragged along as she drove faster. His hands fumbled and grabbed across the seat as he tried to climb in. One groping hand seized a knob on the eight track stereo and inadvertently turned it back to full volume.
As Jerry Reed started to sing again, Mrs. Remlap saw the exit was not completely blocked and turned the car in a wide circle to try and drive thru the gap between the wrecked cars. She smiled for a brief moment, but then grunted in frustration as steam billowed out from under the car’s hood.
Out of the corner of one eye, she spotted a white light flashing on and off from Colonel Lester's trailer a few hundred feet away.
“Sum ov a bitsh,” she swore with her floppy dentures making her speech somewhat awkward.
Turning reluctantly away from the exit, she drove toward the trailer as the car began to cough and buck more violently. The speedometer dropped steadily while she headed for the shining aluminum trailer with its bright metallic finish that was gleaming with the first rays of the morning sun.


“Did I hear Jerry Reed singing a minute ago?” Josey asked, seeing the colonel staring out the kitchen window toward the park's entrance. Rubbing his eyes, he crossed the living room to stand next to the old man.
“Hell yes. It's got to be Phyllis Remlap. That crazy old woman is too tough to eat and they'd probably only get indigestion if they tried,” the colonel said, holding a big black flashlight in his hands. He aimed the beam of light toward the car that they could just make out through the early morning mist with its lone flickering headlight.
He continued flicking the flashlight off and on as Josey asked, “Want me to go wake up Billy so we can all pile in her car when she gets here?” Deciding to go get the boy without waiting for an answer, he started limping back to the bedrooms.
“Yes! The car's turning this way. She must have seen my light. Hurry and go get- uh aw shit! Well, fuck a duck!” The colonel swore.
Josey wondered about the origins of such an odd expression, fuck a duck, and turned and to look out the kitchen window as the car came slowly closer with steam billowing out from under the hood.
The old Chevy was bucking and the engine screeched as if it in were in agony as it slowed even more.
Well, at least I can let Billy sleep, Josey thought while limping to the front door carrying his crowbar.


Sweat dripped into his eyes as Billy was stretched out on the rocky and dusty ground near the well. A sharp jagged thing was painfully poking his stomach but the boy stubbornly refused to release his grip on the leg of the terrified dog.
Boris whimpered pitifully as its body swayed over the pit.
He's going to fall into this dumb well. This is all my fault, Billy realized. After pulling with all his strength to lift the dog to safety, he only succeeded in straining his back and felt the dog's fur growing more slippery as he tried to hold on tighter.

The one armed man crawled closer and seized one of Billy's boots.
Shrieking, the boy pulled his legs up at the knee with his feet shaking in the air. Glancing over his shoulder, he saw the man had somehow gotten tangled in the rusty chain that he'd fallen over.
The zombie couldn't crawl forward any closer, but Billy would never leave Boris. He was his friend. Friends don't run away when they need help, and Boris needs me. But what can I do? I can't hang on forever and he's too heavy to pull up.

He looked down into the gloom of the well and saw the dog's chocolate brown eyes peering back from the gloom.
The dog clawed and scrabbled at the side of the well trying to find a way to climb out. The walls of the well offered no place for the dog to get any traction and as he struggled Billy felt his leg sliding through his hands.
“Stop, Boris! Stop!” he shouted to the terrified dog. “You’re going to fall if you don't hold still.”
The dog stretched his neck, licked Billy's hand, and softly howled. The echoes coming from the well made it sound like a pack of dogs were in trouble.
Feeling helpless and unable to think of any way to pull out his four legged friend, the boy blinked back tears and stubbornly held on tighter.

The early morning sun peeked further over the rim of the valley and as Billy looked up at it he tried something that had never worked before in his life. It hadn't worked on spelling or math tests and never seemed to help with anything else, but he was out of any better ideas. Looking at the sun slowly rising over the rim of the valley, the boy cleared his throat and softly spoke. “God? It's me, Billy. I know you're busy with a lot of stuff, but we're in a little trouble. Well, actually, we're a lot of trouble. I know I haven't prayed as much as I should have and I'm sorry about that.” Boris' leg slipped in his hands and made the last part come out more as a shout than a prayer, but Billy couldn't help yelling, “Help us! PLEASE!”

He didn't consider the wisdom of shouting in a place crawling with apparently crazy people, plus probably just as many undead, as his shouted voice echoed back but felt better regardless. Well, most of him felt better anyway. He was stretched out on the dirt in a straight line with his arms reaching down into the well where he clung to the terrified dog’s leg. Billy's legs were aching from having them up in the air so that the one armed man couldn't grab him again.
Sweat dripped into his eyes and he felt more tired by the second hoping for someone to rescue them. He looked up at the brightening sky for any sign of angels, but the only things he saw flying were big black carrion birds. It was the most depressing and hopeless situation Billy had ever been in. Some of his left leg muscles suffered a spasm before it fell back to the ground. Billy felt the man nearly instantaneously grab his boot tightly and pull on it.
He yelled in terror as the man behind him yanked on his boot. Feeling himself being dragged backward he kicked without thinking, using his other boot to break the man's grip. When his feet were free again Billy was shocked to realize the man had not only pulled him a few inches, but had also pulled the dog along with him.
An idea struck him and he didn't like it.
Billy held his legs up at the knees as the man continued to reach for him. Looking at the sky, to offer one last chance for an angel to appear, he felt his skin grow clammy as goose bumps broke out all over. If this doesn't work, I'll be worse than dead. What's it like being a zombie? Will it hurt? I can't do it. I just can't. Oh God! Come on Billy, be a man and just do it! His mind swirled in a dizzying spiral as he wondered if his idea was going to work and if he even had the guts to try it.
He heard the chain the zombie was tangled in clinking and whispered to Boris, “Wish me luck, buddy.” He then dropped back one of his booted feet for the man to grab again.
The undead man instantly clutched the boy's boot tight and pulled on it.
Billy felt his shirt slide up on the ground as rocks and dirt scratched his stomach. He felt tears leaking out of his eyes mixing with sweat but only stubbornly held on tighter to the dog. Billy wanted to kick back with his other leg more than anything he'd ever wanted in his life but somehow managed to hold the impulse off by looking down as the dog's head and leg rose slowly from the well.
If the man had both arms he could have had him in a matter of moments. But as it was, the unusual situation was like a confusing version of tug of war between gravity, a dog, a terrified crying boy (who was being used as the rope) and a one armed horror bent of killing the crying rope.


The car galumphed and bucked, slowing from ten to five miles an hour then with a last enormous fart of a backfire it stopped with a final tremendous shudder.
The small plastic hula dancing girl figurine on the dashboard shook slower then stopped.
Mrs. Remlap pushed the maggot headed man that was still hanging halfway in the car, down on the back of his shirt and pulled on the passenger side seat belt with her free hand and strapped it down over his torso and head. Even through his shirt she felt the nastiness and coolness of his skin and did not care for the sensation at all.
After it was secured with the seat belt, she paused to use a small bottle of hand sanitizer and quickly cleaned her hands.
Effectively trapped by the seat belt, the bewildered maggot man grumbled and grunted face down in the passenger seat while his arms and legs flailed ineffectually about.
She grabbed her umbrella and purse, climbed out of the car, and slammed the door shut.
Steam continued to billow out along the edges of the heavily dented, blood splattered, hood and made the old lady cough and gag on the fumes as she made her way toward a shouting young man who was limping down Colonel Lester's trailer steps.
She walked briskly but would not dare to run in the early dawn's light. There was all manner of junk scattered around on the ground and she knew tripping would be an extremely unhealthy move. But after hearing the men loudly snarling and screaming behind her she risked moving a little bit faster.

Almost as loud as her pursuers was an annoying young man limping across the trailer's front yard yelling for her to run. But she kept thinking, Haste makes waste, while carefully veering around what looked like a collection of bird carcasses made up of mostly bones and feathers. A few moments later, she chanced a glance over her shoulder. She saw that most of those chasing her were not very fast and if they were all that slow she could have taken a leisurely walk the last twenty feet to the trailer.
Unfortunately, a few of them were very fast and one was just passing the steaming remains of her late husband's car. With only seconds to act before he arrived, she turned and flicked the button on the umbrella. It snapped open with a whoosh sound, and it was no wimpy little umbrella either. It had a diameter of five feet and its multicolored sections stood out brightly catching a golden ray of early morning sunlight.

The man chasing her was agitated, hungry, angry, violent, and suddenly extremely confused. What thoughts or impulses he had before the umbrella presented a confusing but beautifully bright rainbow of colors were at least momentarily wiped away. He stared in slack jawed fascination at the swirling colors as Mrs. Remlap spun the umbrella and continued her careful walk toward the trailer.
While spinning the umbrella, she was reminded of a movie she saw where the dancers twirled them in a similar manner. She wondered how the idea had come to her but only continued walking and twirling.
Reaching out a bloody hand, the man followed the spinning mesmerizing colors and made soft gurgling grunts that almost sounded like words. “Um um ooh um.” His fingertips were bleeding and worn partly away, exposing sharpened tips of bone, as they slid along the umbrella’s fabric.
It created a sound that made the old lady shudder.
Some of the other pursuers were surrounding the abandoned car. A short man with a blood encrusted bushy mustache grabbed onto one of maggot head's still flailing legs that still protruded out of the Nova's broken passenger side window and took a bite out of it.
She heard them hitting the car, a mysterious shriek (that came from maggot head) and more grunting noises. Her fingers were aching from all the twirling of the umbrella and she almost dropped it only a few feet from the fence but somehow managed to hold onto it. Mrs. Remlap reached the gate while Josey quietly unlatched it, pulled it open, and whispered, “Hurry, the others are still coming.”
The zombie heard his whisper and growled. It was no longer content to stare at the pretty colors and run his fingertips over the fabric. Seizing the umbrella violently, his bony almost claw-like fingers sliced easily through the fabric. He tore and yanked it from her grasp.
After helping her into the yard, Josey shut and latched the gate then guided her quickly into the trailer. The door slammed shut as the rest of the undead arrived at the fence. They watched in apparent fascination as the one tearing and biting the umbrella wrestled it to the ground and ripped it to tiny shreds of multicolored fabric.


Billy felt a jagged shard of glass cutting his stomach as he was dragged backward by the one armed undead man. He heard the chain it was tangled in rattling and kept thinking, Just a little more, as the dog’s right leg and head lifted above the rim of the well. Billy ignored the pain and fear while gritting his teeth as Boris looked intently behind the boy, glaring with a growing canine fury at the man that was relentlessly pulling him closer. Billy felt the dog trembling excitedly as he held its leg in his sweaty hands.
A low throaty growl rose when Boris' hind legs scrabbled onto some broken board remnants that had not fallen into the well.
Even if I die or worse doing this Boris is worth it. He's a good dog and I don't care what happens to me as long as he makes it. I can do this. I'm no coward. I won't let go! I won't let go even when the man bites me! I'LL NEVER LET GO! Billy thought adamantly, while his body shuddered uncontrollably. He felt his legs shaking harder and concentrated on not pulling away or kicking backward as his body continued to be dragged.

When the zombie bit his hiking boot, the boy couldn't be brave any longer. He cried and screamed as it started chewing.
The dog’s malnourished body trembled as its rear legs struggled to find something to climb up on inside the well. Boris barked his fiercest, “Hey you cat! I'm going to bite your ugly head off!” bark as his claws finally found enough footing for his rear legs to climb out.
While the one eyed undead man gnawed at the boot belonging to the crying boy a furry dog of unremarkable looks, one most people would skip over without looking twice at while visiting the dog pound, did not so much climb out of the well as erupt like a small, righteously enraged, furry, volcano.

Dogs cannot fly.
Billy knew they couldn't, and yet as the dog flew from the mouth of the well he wondered if maybe under certain miraculous circumstances they actually could.
Boris jumped from the edge of the well, over the length of Billy's body, and landed on the undead one armed man's back.
The hand and teeth that had been holding and chewing on Billy's boot were suddenly no longer there.
Billy rolled away from the well and the battle of dog versus undead began in earnest.

Boris was on the zombie’s back with a mouthful of its dirty hair and pulled on it, shaking his head from side to side madly.
The one armed man feebly tried to grab the dog as his head was shaken violently back and forth while Boris pulled and growled through clenched teeth.
Billy scooped up his BB rifle and quickly pumped it up as the fight continued. When the rifle was ready he called, “Boris! Come here!”
The dog obediently trotted toward the boy while still glaring back at the man on the ground that was slowly and unsteadily getting to his feet.

His mom never Billy watch grown up TV shows or movies, but his grandpa was the coolest and would sometimes let him watch with him when he came to visit. He recalled a phrase he heard the hero of an action movie say. He aimed at the one armed zombie's milky-white left eye and said in his deepest voice, “Sucks to be you.”
Having managed to roll free of the chain while fighting the dog, the zombie grunted and only managed one step before Billy fired. The BB hit his left eye and it exploded very messily.
The sight of it reminded Billy of the time he had tried microwaving an unopened egg a few years earlier. He wouldn't recommend doing that unless someone enjoyed spending a long time cleaning up a horrific sticky mess.

Staggering and pawing at his eye in utter confusion, the undead man fell to his hand and knees beside the open well.
Billy knew it was probably a bad idea (dangerous in fact) but couldn't resist the temptation. He ran toward the stunned one eyed man.
Boris barked and the sun began to fully shine down into the clearing as Billy's boot, with teeth marks and undead spit all over them, 'thank you, oh so very much', kicked him in the seat of his filthy excrement filled pants.

After the tremendous splash echoed up from the well, the boy sat down on an old paint can with Boris sitting beside him and opened his backpack. Together they celebrated being alive by eating a handful of cookies and watching the sunrise. They were delicious.

*****

Maria sneezed and went to the next box she'd found in the crawlspace over the garage. After hours of searching she discovered only three things of any interest amongst a lifetime of stored relics and treasures. The item she was most grateful for she carried in her bandaged hand. It was an ancient propane lantern that had probably last been used when Richard Nixon was president.
A large knife with the letters USMC engraved on the blade, near the hilt, with a sheath was also reassuringly strapped onto her belt.
The third item was potentially the best thing she could have hoped for; a heavy handgun. She couldn't even guess exactly what kind of gun it was. All she knew was that it was heavy. She cried with joy after finding it next to the knife in the old green steamer trunk, but after barely starting back to the crawlspace entrance she'd had a horrible thought and stopped to check the ammo clip. She stared in shock and nearly threw it away when she saw the clip that slid up into the handle was empty.
Looking at the hundreds of boxes of various sizes and shapes, she knew there had to be bullets up in the crawlspace somewhere and kept searching.

Opening a badly deteriorated cardboard box, she saw yet another enormous collection of pornographic magazines stuffed inside. She couldn’t help reading the cover of the first one- Naughty Norris’ Nine inch Knockwurst and the girls of Nebraska. Disgusted, she pushed the cardboard box full of magazines off of a big wooden crate and they slid across the floor exposing women in all manner of poses looking enticingly up at her. Shaking her head, Maria looked for a way to open a large wooden crate that the cardboard box had been resting on top of.
It was old and had some kind of stenciled writing on the top. There was so much dirt and dust she had to wipe at it with her bandana for awhile to decipher most of the words. “BERLIN to,” she skipped a part of the message that was badly stained and continued to read aloud, “New Mexico, care of Captain H. Remlap, USMC.”
Maria knew enough about World War Two to have hope that inside the crate there might be the bullets she needed. Using the large knife she pried at the lid for a long time. The old nails and wood creaked and moaned as she pried and whispered, almost praying, “Bullets, bullets, bullets.”

*****

Jeremiah heard an odd sound in the living room and went back in holding all the emergency medical supplies he could find. His improvised supplies consisted of half a roll of toilet paper, a bottle of hydrogen peroxide, and a small tin of aspirin.
Opting to leave the propane lantern on the kitchen table, he hurried back into the shadowy living room saying, “All I found was-” The rest of  the words died on his lips as he stared in shock and utter bewilderment. The faceless one eyed man he'd left in the recliner was gone.
In his place there was a big coil of very thick gray brown hoses with darker gray irregular designs on them.
Jeremiah was completely at a loss until he saw the head of the snake move. In the gloomy dark living room, when the snake moved, he finally spotted the man's nearly skinless face with an eyeball staring back at him.
“Jesus!” Jeremiah screamed as he jumped back and ran toward the kitchen. A second after he ran into the kitchen an answering scream came from somewhere nearby outside the trailer.

Thanks a lot, asshole, Charlie thought, watching the preacher boy run away.
Skynyrd opened his mouth and hissed in his face.
I chose door number two! This shit ain’t fair! Damn you, CARL, Charlie thought furiously, as he heard more cracking sounds when the snake constricted his chest tighter. His eye looked around frantically as he gurgled pitifully.

Cha-ka had been sitting on her perch near the front door since Charlie had been carried inside and was more than a little confused. The monkey had never before seen such a flummoxing night as that one. First, two crazy men came and destroyed the garden. After a while the lights came on and her beloved master was hurt and almost killed. She chewed on a marijuana bud and considered matters.
One man was still close by outside and he smelled dangerous. Her master was inside with another strange man and then she heard a scream from inside followed by another scream from the one who smelled dangerous. She spit the remains of the marijuana out of her mouth and watched the man outside prowling around the trailer, sniffing the air and grunting.
When he went around the side of the trailer, she quickly jumped to the ground and picked up a piece of Charlie's facial skin that had been chewed on and then spat out. Softly hooting, Cha-ka carried the piece of skin to the small pet door that both she and the snake used to go in and out of the trailer. Not trusting the dangerous man outside anymore than the snake (that on several occasions had tried to eat her) Cha-ka kept looking behind as she went to the door.

Skynyrd's two foot long head moved closer to Charlie's face with his long tongue wiggling against the meaty red flesh where his nose used to be. The snake's tongue was tickling and maddening at the same time as Charlie gurgled quieter because he no longer could catch his breath.
Skynyrd's long fangs curved inward, looking impossibly long and wickedly sharp, as the mammoth snake exhaled a foul breath of rotted meat in Charlie's face.
Damn thing could swallow a beach ball, Charlie realized with horror, as he again wished he had an eyelid to close.

All pythons are capable of unhinging their jaws and Skynyrd was no exception.
Charlie saw the snake's head rising out of his field of vision and within seconds felt the top of his head being engulfed.
Carl you lying sack of shit! I chose door number two, you faggoty piece of shit ghost! I want to live! Charlie thought furiously as his remaining eye looked upward.

In the kitchen, Jeremiah went straight to the drawer he had seen the long steak knives in a few minutes earlier. He knocked aside a filthy turkey baster and grabbed the longest sharpest knife. It was a butcher knife about eighteen inches in length, not counting the handle. Looking at the knife held in his trembling hand he hurried back to the living room and brought the propane lantern with him this time.
Never imagining when he'd attended Bible School he'd be confronted with this type of situation, Jeremiah was without the faintest idea how to proceed. Setting down the lantern on a nearby table covered in magazines he walked closer clutching the knife.
The one eyed man's breathing was becoming erratic and strained.
Jeremiah realized there was no time for finesse. He sliced where he hoped the enormous snake’s neck began.
The scales were tough, but he managed to slice through as the snake’s mouth was just covering the top third of the man's head.
The blade was halfway through the neck when the long thick coils trembled, loosened, and suddenly fell into a heap around the man's waist. He kept cutting until the snake's head was completely severed from its long body and set the knife nearby in case the snake had relatives somewhere nearby.
Grunting in exertion, he lifted and unwound the long coils. The blood of the snake flowing over his hands made it difficult to find a firm grip as he worked. Finally, he dragged the last of its long body into a corner of the living room and caught his breath.
The original foul stench of the trailer now was mixed with blood and a fresh aroma of shit.
Jeremiah whispered, “Give me strength, Lord,” as he tried to work up the courage to look at the man in the recliner. Ragged breathing assured him that the man was still alive. How and why he was Jeremiah couldn't begin to understand, yet still the man still lived.

*****

There was a sound like a cat drowning in a large pool of pudding and an almighty, nasty, eye watering, stench filled the squad car.
Deputy Thomas Holmes looked over at the captain who was adjusting himself and his good size belly behind the steering wheel of the squad car and wondered if the man might need a roll of toilet paper.
Captain Brett Wyatt laughed at the deputy and then chuckled as he asked, “Was that you?” with a twinkle in his eyes and a smile on his middle-aged face.
The deputy unrolled his window as the cruiser idled by the turn off for the Albuquerque Springs Trailer Park.
“Come on, Tommy, you need to cheer up. Look at the dawn and remember after we get done working with the jerks from ICE on the roundup you'll be off for the rest of the day. You can't beat that. A full day's pay for half a day spent chasing Mexicans around a valley.”
The deputy glanced up at the dawning light purple sky then at the empty highway. He had never been to the middle of nowhere before but recognized that at last he'd finally found it. It's almost cold this morning, Deputy Thomas Holmes thought as he zipped up his jacket and stared across the road at the store which hadn't opened yet.
Maybe after the roundup I could go in and get some cigarettes, he thought after pulling out his pack and stared at the last three he had. He wanted to light one up if for no other reason than to kill the captain's lingering fart aroma.
Deciding it would best save them for later, he tucked the pack of cigarettes back into his jacket pocket and looked at the fat man leaning back in the driver's seat with eyes half closed.
Captain Wyatt is a tough man to like, he decided while reaching for his coffee cup. “Okay, Brett, I’ve got to know why?” Holmes asked before taking a sip of his cold coffee.
With his eyes still shut, the captain chuckled softly and said, “Well son, when you get older the farts just slip out in all kinds of situations. Why, just last Sunday afternoon, I was at church bending over to pat Nanci Scarpullie's daughter on the head and one just flew out of me like a runaway freight-”
“No, I’m not talking about that. Why are we out here? Why is Immigration Customs Enforcement sending a squad all the way out here, to literally the middle of nowhere, to round up a bunch of illegal’s when you can't swing a dead cat back in town and not slap off a dozen sombreros?”
Brett laughed. It was a phlegmatic unpleasant sound which quickly dissolved into a coughing fit that lasted several seconds. He leaned forward, spit into his empty coffee cup and smiled at his young partner before saying, “Boy, you don't know anything do you? That pompous old prick, Keck, was in the Sheriff's office all afternoon Friday and then again first thing on Monday morning bitching about the poor guys down in the valley.” Gesturing with his middle finger he pointed down the deserted road.
“The sheriff sent Keck to me and I got to listen to him too. Stupid bastard sat right in front of me swearing like a drunken piece of shit about how more than a third of his workers- illegal workers that is- haven't been going to work since last Thursday.
So I says to him, have they broken any laws other than sneaking across the border and stealing jobs from real Americans, that is? I wish I'd taken his picture when his face turned red. I swear it looked like a fresh vine ripe tomato.
Then he gets all pissy and starts telling me either I go arrest them or he'll go see a buddy of his who works at ICE and get the whole pack of them kicked out of the country. I guess, for no other reason than to keep the other illegal immigrants he employs from wandering off the job too. As if I could give a shit about what he did.”
Holmes looked confused, started to speak and then appeared more confused. “So why are we here? Why does ICE need us for a roundup? Don't they do that all the time?”
Brett sighed and gazed out at the empty highway and said, “I am here because the Sheriff is a good buddy of Keck's and I pissed off the walking, talking, suit wearing, pompous, asshole. You are here because regulations dictate it. But here's the real reason we’re sitting out here freezing our sorry butts off. Washington won't build a damn wall. So any stinking bastard that has a sense of direction and a desire to ramble can wander into my country.”
Oh shit, Thomas thought, Why can't I learn to keep my mouth shut?
The captain was building up speed as he continued a sermon he'd preached at least once a week since he started working in Albuquerque.
“Washington doesn't give a baby mouse fart in a hurricane who wanders into our country.
Could just be good old Pedro looking for work, or could be some of Goddamned Osama Bin Laden's buddies with a few canisters of some biological crap that will melt the faces off the God fearing taxpayers of this once great country. It could be a pack of drug dealers setting out to destroy the freckle faced, apple pie eating, mother loving, kids of America. Who knows? It could be a hoard of fucking monsters from planet Poopsilon Six, trotting across the sands of New Mexico. Hell, there could be anything wandering out of the badlands of Mexico. Shambling around looking to-”
“Is that the ICE bus?” Thomas interrupted as Brett paused for air.
The captain glanced down the deserted county road and spotted a long gray bus coming toward them as the early morning sun glinted off the windshield.
“Yep, you go on out and see what’s what,” Wyatt said as he reached and unhooked the car's handset microphone. “Albuquerque HQ, this is Captain Wyatt, come in.” He waited a few seconds and tried again while watching Thomas wave the bus to stop as it made the turn off the county road. “Albuquerque HQ, this is the handsome and ever heroic Captain Brett Wyatt, come in. Over.”
There was a burst of static followed by Lieutenant Bo Autry's voice. “Go ahead, Wyatt.”
“Captain Lopez asked me to check in when we were ready to head into the valley. He said communications might get dicey once we’re down in there. Anyway our friends with the RV just pulled in. So, I'm just passing along the good news that we're just about to roll in.”
“Did you pack your running shoes?” Bo's chuckling voice asked.
“That would be a negative. I'm strictly a management type. Deputy Holmes will get the exercise if there’s any need for it.”
Over by the bus, Thomas waved for Wyatt to come over.
“I’ve got to head over for the pregame meeting, Bo. See you in a few hours, over and out.”


CHAPTER 12
Captain Wyatt & The Cavalry Arrives

“Bo Autry, report to briefing room two. Bo Autry report to briefing room two,” a voice over the public address system called.
“Playtime's over, thanks,” he said handing the microphone back to the cute blonde dispatcher he'd borrowed it from when he overheard Wyatt calling in a minute earlier.
She smiled back and Bo tried to think of something clever to say to her as he left the room and failed miserably, saying, “Adios, Senorita.”
She looked up with a puzzled expression on her face and waved uncertainly as he walked into the hall.
He was looking back at her while walking out and bumped into somebody.
“Hey man, watch where yer going. I almost dropped my breakfast.”
Bo turned and there was Deputy Willie Dunn with two gravy covered biscuits on a plate while he chewing a mouthful of something. Willie, you pathetic whale of a man, don't you have any sense at all in that fat head of yours? Bo thought as he squeezed past his Dunn's enormous belly. Keeping his thoughts to himself, he said, “You could try eating that stuff in the break room, ya know.”
“No time, Boo Boo, gotta get to roll call,” he answered with a smirk (excited by the ‘witty’ way he changed Bo's name.) Willie scooped up one entire biscuit, covered in white dripping gravy, and shoved it into his big mouth.
Bo stopped walking and watched in almost morbid fascination as gravy dripped down Willie's chin and dribbled onto his uniform shirt. Other deputies were passing by and Bo couldn't resist saying, “Ya know, Willie, that white gravy dribbling down your chin sure looks a lot like sperm.”
A few officers smiled and chuckled, but it was Willie's response that made Bo know it was going to be a great day.
Willie grabbed the other biscuit with his greasy fingers, held it up like it was a rare beautiful gemstone, and said, “Sure doesn't taste like it,” as he popped it into his mouth.
The hallway erupted in gales of laughter as Willie realized, much too late, what he'd said and sputtered with a mouthful of biscuit and gravy, “No, wait a second, that’s not what I meant to say.”

Bo was still chuckling when he entered briefing room two and saw Captain Lopez standup, bend over at the waist, and say, “Welcome to fantasy briefing room number two.” 
Bo shook his head. “I got a better one,” and recounted his latest Willie Dunn experience.
Lopez laughed till he cried. He eventually calmed down and used his handkerchief to wipe his eyes. When he was finally composed Lopez posed a good question. “What am I going to do with him? He's always late and forgets whatever I try to teach him. Dunn's got to be topping the scales at four hundred pounds. And the last thing I heard was that he was diagnosed as a type two Diabetic six months ago and still hasn't changed his diet. What am I supposed to do with him?”
“Shoot him,” Bo said grinning. “For his sake and the sake of Department morale, just put him down.”
“If he wasn't the Mayor's nephew I might just do that, but all things considered I think I'll just wait another couple of years and retire. If Dunn hasn't suffered a major heart attack by then he'll be Wyatt's problem, not mine.”
“Speaking of other problems, did that cell phone number Yugo dialed yesterday hit pay dirt yet?” Bo asked, sitting down across the table from his captain.
“Nope, not yet at least. We've got the cell phone number red flagged, though. If they turn it on or get somewhere that has cell tower coverage we'll be ready. I'll keep you in mind when we get a location on it.”
“I wouldn't miss it for the world,” Bo said, looking at the stack of paperwork on the table.
“Oh, wait a second, before we go over all this other stuff, let me call Wyatt and see if the guys from Immigration showed up out there. The Sheriff already called me twice about that stupid raid this morning.”
“I spoke to Wyatt about ten minutes ago. He said they arrived and they'd be going down soon.”
“Good. At least that’s one less thing I need to worry about this morning,” Lopez said as he opened his briefcase and began going over the day’s itinerary.


Though he acted like the teasing didn't matter, when roll call and the daily briefing was over and the deputies went about their morning assignments, Willie's face was beet red and he felt nauseated as a thin sheen of sweat covered his skin. He remained in his chair until he was the last officer in the room then slammed his flabby fist down on the table.
Papers and half empty plastic cups fell to the floor as he stood up.
Shuddering in barely contained fury, he kicked his chair back. It crashed against a stack of neighborhood watch posters which slid over the floor in all directions.
In his mind he kept hearing the stupid things his ‘genius’ co-workers had said before roll call. Deputy Allen, with his shit eating grin, said, “Say, Willie, I think my wife's been cheating on me. Could you try some of her biscuits and gravy and tell me if you taste anything- you know, spermy about them?”
It was a regular amateur night at the comedy club that morning. Everybody that heard of his little slip of the tongue in the hall with Bo just had to throw their own bullshit jokes into the mix.
Willie felt his stomach grumbling and thought a visit to the bathroom might be in order, and soon. He stomped down the hall staring at the floor as he remembered that bastard Sanchez's nasally voice in his head again saying, “Willie don't let these guys get you upset.”
He'd sounded so sympathetic that Willie looked up just in time for the slam. “Hell, I know a lot of guys that would love to meet a big chubby bastard like you that swallows. Most faggots spit it out, but you must truly savor the flavor judging from the stains on your shirt.”

Willie kicked the bathroom door open and stormed inside. Two younger deputies laughed and walked out, leaving him alone. He went to the urinal and saw some 'genius' had already thumb-tacked a note card to the wall where anyone could see. It read: Pee here, see Willie Dunn for anything extra.
God damn you, Bo! You sorry sack of shit, I ought to... Willie's ability to think clearly had abandoned him. ”Fuck!” He shouted, ripping the note card off the wall crumpling it into a ball before throwing it to the floor.
He went into the toilet stall and locked the door behind him. As he sat and did his business he contemplated revenge. Unfortunately, Willie had never been gifted with an overabundance of imagination. He briefly semi-seriously contemplated a homicidal rampage for a few minutes then realized that it would be a lot of work (plus it would probably hurt when they most likely would shoot him down.)

Fifteen minutes later, he finished his business and was about to flush the commode when inspiration finally struck. A mischievous twinkle came to his eyes. For Willie, it was a veritable brainstorm of creativity as he giggled and nodded his head.
After stifling giggles with great difficulty, he unrolled the toilet paper cylinder and filled the toilet bowl until the cardboard tube was all that was left. He flushed the commode and watched in giddy anticipation as it began to overflow and the water spread out over the floor tiles. As the water crept toward his shoes, Deputy Willie Dunn had a sudden revelation that being in there when it was discovered might not be a good idea and quickly left the bathroom. He climbed the staircase, breathing heavily, and grinned hugely as he approached the candy machine. Sorting through a handful of change he heard from downstairs, “Who the fuck did this?”
The voice was unmistakably that of Earl, the grumpy old janitor.
Willie smiled more broadly as he tore the wrapper off his candy bar and walked serenely down the hallway as a rich tapestry of furious expletives drifted up from down below.

*****

“Listen, captain, I appreciate you two gentlemen being here today. Honestly, I really do. However, we've done hundreds of raids like this before and I promise you we don't require your assistance down there. If you were to go in just the sight of your police cruiser would have them running for the hills before we could even get off the bus,” Agent Sazera said, with his hands firmly planted on his hips.
“We did a roundup just last Friday and picked up over a hundred illegal immigrants without a shot being fired or any police presence, whatsoever. It's just not usually needed, unless they have gang connections or serious criminal elements. Our intelligence report on this raid says to expect fewer than eighty illegal immigrants down there and according to the files none of them have much of a criminal record.”
Sazera consulted the paperwork on his clipboard and continued, “All we've got on them are a few fistfights and a couple drunk and disorderly charges. In short, there's nothing to justify your going down there with us. You know this is just a political roundup anyway. And all because some jerk lost his workers due to some kind of labor disagreement. Unfortunately, this kind of crap happens all the time.
Those people down there are just trying to get by. They're not really even considered criminals in some parts of the country. When I worked out of the San Francisco office that fact was made very clear. They are just people. They're not some kind of monsters and they will not be treated like dangerous rabid dogs.
You and your deputy should stay up here on top of the valley and catch any they may try to escape the raid. That’s about the extent of our needing you here today.”

Captain Wyatt had patiently listened while leaning against the trunk of the cruiser for the last several minutes.
Deputy Holmes looked uncomfortable as he stood off a few feet and stared at Agent Sazera.
Sazera was a very big muscular man with a black mop of curly hair with dashes of gray in it. He was wearing a black uniform with knee pads, arm pads, and a bullet proof vest that covered both his chest and back with the large white letters I-C-E prominently printed on both sides.
The other members of the ICE unit had stayed on the bus.
It was Holmes’ first assignment working with the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency and he had no idea what to make of Sazera's speech.
Wyatt nodded and seemed to be receptive throughout the address, but he'd actually only been waiting for Sazera to shut up. He'd heard a variation of this speech from other federal agents before and it never ceased to make him madder than a boiled cat. He always listened politely before explaining how things worked when he was on the job.

“Agent Sazera, it sounds like you've been giving that sermon for a long time. I understand you guys have your own way of doing things and I respect that. But let me assure you that my deputy and I will be going down into that trailer park with your people this morning for three reasons,” Wyatt said, taking a step toward the much younger, taller, and physically intimidating agent.
Although Sazera stood almost a foot taller than Wyatt, he backed up a step as the captain continued. “One: We've been ordered to go down there- not to interfere- but to provide assistance if needed. I got my orders from the Sheriff personally. If you have a problem with those orders feel free to give him a call after we get done here today.
Two: Communications have always been difficult in the valleys and canyons hereabouts. An hour ago I tried phoning Mrs. Phyllis Remlap, the owner of the park, from the station house and got a message saying the call could not be completed as dialed. It probably doesn't mean anything. However, I do not take unnecessary chances. If something was going on down there, while my deputy and I stayed up here picking our noses, and the shit hit the fan we'd be unemployed before nightfall. And I don't know if you've been keeping up with the job market lately but it sucks hairy syphilitic donkey balls, in my humble opinion.”
Sazera tried to interrupt and Wyatt held up his meaty right hand in a stop gesture while he walked forward another step. Now within kissing distance (and even though he was forced to look up at the much taller agent) Wyatt shoved three fingers in front of Sazera's face. “And the third reason we are going down there is,” he paused and pushed the agent back a step with his other hand. Sazera caught his balance and stood uncertainly as Captain Wyatt continued, “Because, quite frankly, you pissed me off. I am a captain in this sheriff's department, damn it! I've busted my butt for nearly twenty years dealing with the scum of the earth. I've been shot at more times than you can imagine and managed to live to tell the tale. So, don't you fucking dare come down here and tell me to sit on the sideline. This is my home. I live and breathe the oath to protect and serve.
Maybe the cops in San Francisco are different. Maybe they don't mind cheering you on from the sidelines, like a bunch of pansy-ass cheerleaders. Maybe you think your shit don't stink and the sun shines out of your hairy ass, but I will not play by your rules. Whether you want us to stay up here or not does not matter in the slightest to me because we're heading down there this morning. Feel free to join us.”

Deputy Thomas looked away grinning as he heard Sazera start to speak, but before he could begin Wyatt turned and opened the squad car door saying, “Come on, deputy. Let’s get it done.”
After climbing behind the wheel the captain revved the engine.

When Thomas got inside the cruiser he burst out laughing when he saw Wyatt smiling from ear to ear while putting the car in gear and pulled in front of the bus. “You should be a politician, Wyatt. You have a great way of communicating with assholes,” Thomas said, as he lit a cigarette and leaned back in the passenger seat.
“If that giant, smart-ass, gorilla had taken a swing at me back there you would have backed me up, right? Damn bastard must be six and a half foot tall,” Wyatt said, wiping at his forehead with a handkerchief. “For a second I thought I might have pushed him too far,” he added with a smile.
“Fear not, I had my stun gun ready if he started to kick your ass. Would you mind if I write down those exact words, you used? I live and breathe the oath to protect and serve,” Thomas asked, before finishing off the last of his cold coffee.
“You caught that, huh? Yeah, I know it sounded corny but I was on a roll. I couldn't help myself,” Wyatt said, blushing slightly.
“It's nothing to be embarrassed about. To be honest, I thought it was kind of inspiring. I was thinking about having it printed up on a shirt. Just wish I had a chance to zap that guy with my stun gun.”
“Yes sir, Deputy Holmes you are my hero. If the rest of this morning is just half as much fun as that was it's going to be a great day.”

Sazera turned and walked back to the bus.
The door squeaked as it opened and he climbed the steps and paused to pat Lieutenant Shoemaker, who was in the driver’s seat, on the shoulder. He faced the six member squad and announced, “I have chosen to allow the local police to assist us here today. Let's get the assignments out of the way.
My squad will consist of Dudley,” he nodded at the youngest and newest member of the team.
Dudley smiled and nodded back. He seemed to be looking at his commander while in reality he was looking over Sazera's shoulder into the big mirror mounted above the windshield. Through the mirror, he stared at Amy Crawford sitting on the other side of the bus. She was simply adorable and he couldn't stop staring at her fox-like face. Possessing the cutest nose and prettiest smile (when she sometimes let it shine through) Dudley could rarely spend an evening making love to his wife without fantasizing it was actually Crawford under him instead of his grumpy frumpy wife. The only problem was sometimes in bed with his wife he had to bite his tongue to keep from shouting out Amy's name. He smiled at her in the mirror hoping his wife never found out about his crush on Amy.
Wives just never understand some things, Dudley thought as Sazera continued babbling.

“Gilmer, you'll be on the lookout for anything hinky this morning,” Sazera said, nodding at the second oldest member of the squad.
In his late fifties yet still tougher than some of the younger squad members, he was a retired Army Ranger that had proven himself reliable on those rare occasions when someone decided to try shooting their way out of being deported. When things got boring he would sometimes share stories (usually quite long rambling ones) about his days of jumping out of airplanes and dealing with everything from covert ops in South America to his early days spent serving in Vietnam.
Gilmer nodded back when his name was called but was busy thinking about his dog Barnie. He’d seemed a bit listless lately and Gilmer decided he'd take him running this afternoon when the roundup was over.

“Crawford you get to wear your team's helmet camera today,” Sazera said, and winked at her.
She nodded back while watching Dudley from the corner of her eye. He looked like he was panting at her through the mirror. She sighed softly and looked out the window and wondered how she had ended up out here- in the middle of nowhere. Secretly, she was glad the police were coming along. Hardly able to sleep last night, she repressed a yawn while trying not to remember the nightmares that had plagued her sleep.
They were repetitive short dreams of her being chased by a gang of crazy men. The worst part was how realistically vivid they were. It was almost like watching a horror movie. Waking up each time the dream ended, she found herself out of breath and unaccountably terrified until managing to fall back asleep.
Putting her hand on the pistol strapped on her hip, Amy felt reassured as she ignored the leering stare Dudley was giving her in the mirror.

Shoemaker looked over his shoulder and saw he got stuck with 'The Three Stooges' again.
Hadden was playing with his new fancy smart phone sending a text message to his wife, reminding her that the twins had an appointment at the pediatrician today at noon.
Shoemaker learned never to ask Hadden how his family was after learning all about the fascinating world of twin kids and the differences in their poop based on what they had eaten the day before. If he wasn't blathering about his kid's bowel movements there was always the internet pod casts he loved to host for anyone stupid or bored enough to listen.
Overall, he wasn't a bad agent but his constant rambling about his two little kids or the internet was something Shoemaker had grown sick of.

Glancing at Puckett, Shoemaker felt mildly ill.
Puckett had his index finger deep in his left nostril and was either scratching at his brain or digging for buried treasure. While not the stupidest bastard he'd ever worked with, Puckett had to be somewhere in the top three.
Puckett had his earphones in and was bobbing his head to whatever modern crap he called music.
Shoemaker had tried to explain to him a few times that popular music made him almost as queasy as hearing about Hadden's kids. And yet inevitably the next day Puckett would be talking about some crappy new song he found on the internet. His only redeeming characteristic was that he was generally in a pretty good mood.

Looking at the last of his trio, Shoemaker just shook his head.
Minarges was an idiot who always wanted to talk about his deep appreciation for role playing games he was involved with. Plus, he had a weird habit of laughing extremely loudly if anyone ever said anything even slightly funny; sometimes even if he himself was the one who said it.
It was a tossup, really, who was more disappointing to have been stuck with Minarges or Puckett. But ultimately he trusted the latter a lot more when things sometimes got dangerous.
Matt Minarges even told him just a few days ago how he almost got arrested going to his apartment after work. There had been a police checkpoint at the entrance to his apartment complex. They were checking driver’s identification or something and he said the dumbest thing Shoemaker had ever heard of. Looking up from his car, Minarges told the officer, “You don't have to check my trunk. I don't have any drugs hidden in there.”
Of course, they called for backup with a drug sniffing dog and spent two hours going over every square inch of his car. Even after he showed his federal credentials they kept checking, because who would be dumb enough to say something like that.. really?

“We're going in clean as white sheets after the laundry kids. Leave the big guns in the storage locker, we won't need them. We can handle things with just side arms, pepper spray, clubs, and stun guns. These people are going to be taken into custody with professionalism and courtesy. Make sure each of you has at least a dozen zip ties for handcuffing.
Minarges, you get to wear the other camera helmet today. Also, everyone keep an eye on those hick cops. I don't trust them. Later on I'll be checking the video footage so no one do anything stupid out there this morning,” Sazera said, staring intently at Puckett who did not seem to have heard anything he'd said but was instead admiring something he had dug out of his nose.
Sazera sat down behind Shoemaker, his partner for the last five years, and patted him on the shoulder. “Let’s get this party started.”
The bus pulled in behind the captain's squad car and cruised past the partly fallen sign that read Albuquerque Springs Trailer Park.

*****

Josey and Mrs. Remlap were looking out the window when Colonel Lester stumbled into the living room and collapsed into his recliner. His hands were trembling uncontrollably as he gasped for air and coughed weakly.
“Billy... gone,” he barely managed to say, while holding a scrap of paper in one trembling hand and clutching his chest with the other. His face looked almost bleached white and his eyes were open wide in undeniable terror.
“Colonel, are you alright?” Josey asked, quickly limping to the old man’s side. “Where are your pills? Are they in your bedroom?”
Mrs. Remlap brought him a bottle of water and held it up so the colonel could take a sip.
The old man shook the paper at Josey (shoving it into his hand) ignoring both the question and the offered water.
“Got to... g... go find him. He's outsid-,” he mumbled then couldn't speak anymore as Mrs. Remlap forced him to drink some water.
“I have nitroglycerin pills, here,” she said, slipping a bottle out of her colossal handbag. She flipped out two little white pills and helped the colonel take them.
Josey shook his head as he quickly read the note.

Deer Granpa, 
dont be mad. I went out to go use the phone to get help. I will be carful dont worry I have my BB rifle and will be back with help soon.
xoxo billy bear

“He's passed out but I think he'll be okay,” Mrs. Remlap said, looking at Josey while holding the colonel's hand in hers. “Where's Billy?”
He glanced out the window then looked at his metal crowbar, then back out the window again as the few snarling creatures in the front yard continued to wander aimlessly about. “He's either gotten to safety or-” his voice cracked and he slammed his fist against the coffee table unable to continue.

Kids, Josey thought in disgust. He looked out the back window and shook his head. Why are kids so damn stupid? he wondered and limped over to check the front window.
There were a few men fighting each other and screaming, but there was no sign of the boy.
Part of him feared spotting Billy because if he saw him, the kid would probably be a short screaming homicidal monster. He shuddered, remembering his nightmare from yesterday when the little boy had become infected and attacked him. Billy's sharp little teeth, his missing arm, and guts spilling out were still something he clearly recalled. It took me almost half an hour to calm down after waking up yesterday and today the kid had wandered out into a trailer park filled with monsters to make a frigging phone call.

Josey had made a lot of screw ups when he was a kid, yet none of them compared to going outside into a real life nightmare. He remembered once when he was about Billy's age, when he tried to signal aliens and nearly burned down his parent’s house in the process. He smiled out the window as he recalled that night.
His parents went out to the country club for a New Years Eve party and he had the house all to himself. He'd just finished watching a movie about aliens that came to Earth and made friends with a young boy. In the movie, the aliens were nice and even took the boy for a ride in their spaceship. It was a bad movie filled with cheesy special effects, lame dialogue, and aliens that spoke with a Brooklyn accent, but he loved every minute of it.

To young Josey, the idea of hitching an intergalactic ride away from the trials and tribulations of fourth grade was nothing short of intoxicating; No more having to learn about the metric system, no more multiplication, no more long division, in fact, no more school at all! The more he thought about it the more he knew it would be perfect.
Young Josey went outside stared at the brilliant stars above and tried to think of a way to signal some aliens. He knew they were out there, somewhere. Perhaps hovering nearby just waiting for some brave kid, like him, to give them a sign that he was ready for an opportunity to join them in the exploration of the universe.
His parent’s yard, which he always had to cut when the grass got too long, was certainly large enough to be a landing site for a spaceship. If only he could attract their attention somehow. After thinking for a long time he gave up.
He felt depressed at not being able to think of a way to signal them. Walking back into the house through the garage he spotted the answer to his problem. Picking up the metal five gallon can of gasoline he carried it to the front yard. Young Josey took a pack of matches out of a kitchen drawer and ran outside, absolutely certain his ingenious plan would work. He poured a gigantic circle of gasoline around the front yard and set the can a few feet away. Not being the world's smartest kid, he struck a match and bent over to touch the flame to the gasoline.
His eyebrows that were burnt off eventually grew back. He didn't even feel where they'd been burned off, at the time, as the flames raced around the giant circle in his parent’s yard.
As the circle of fire caused the neighbor's dogs to howl in alarm, he jumped up and down and waved his arms up at the sky hoping an alien would spot him. He had been so excited by the prospect of never having to do homework again that he never seriously considered the disturbing possibility of less benevolent aliens being interested in him as a tasty preteen snack. 

The flames shot up into the dark sky as he danced around waving his arms hoping they'd hurry up and arrive. He wondered if the aliens would come down in a ship or if they would use something like a transporter from Star Trek to bring him aboard. It didn't really matter which, as long as they hurried up. He was getting tired of jumping and waving his arms over his head.
Unfortunately, as he jumped around the smoke made him stumble and knock over the can of gasoline.

Much later, a fire fighter said it had been a miracle that the metal can hadn't detonated like a bomb. But instead of exploding, it poured flaming streams of gasoline that flowed downhill toward his parent's house.
He watched the small rivers of fire briefly then ran to get the garden hose. Even if he caught a ride with aliens he didn't want his parents to lose their house. He ran for the garden hose and found that it was put away for the winter. Running inside he filled cereal bowls and a large crock pot with water.
After several trips spent ineffectually throwing bowls full water on the fire, which continued to spread toward the garage, he finally spotted a brilliant white light in the sky moving toward his location.
The aliens are actually coming! Josey thought as he jumped up and down waving his arms more frantically. Ignoring the growing fire, he started hollering, “Hey, I'm down here. Come and pick me up!”
He was sorry about his parent’s house about to catch on fire, yet trembled in anticipation hoping the aliens would look more like Mr. Spock than some gooey green blob. He would probably have gone with either type of alien rather than see his dad's reaction to his latest report card. He had cleverly hidden it under his mattress that afternoon.
The life of a fourth grader who rarely studies is never an easy one.

A beam of pure white light shined down from the approaching unidentified flying object and he tensed up, hoping the aliens weren't the brain sucking type.
A loud voice came down from the sky and Josey smiled up at the bright light. At first he couldn't understand the words drifting down from the UFO.
Maybe they don't speak English, he thought. He hadn't considered that possibility.
The UFO came closer and the words were at last understandable. “Get away from the fire, you jackass!” The voice from the UFO commanded.
Josey stepped away from the roaring inferno that had once been his dad's prized lawn and stood in the road that went past his house.
A siren and flashing red lights heralded the arrival of a fire truck and two other emergency vehicles.
He looked up at the UFO and hoped they wouldn't fly away without him.

Within fifteen minutes the fire was extinguished and aside from some paint on the garage that was incinerated, a front yard that was a field of steaming ashes, and his missing eyebrows there was no harm done. Except for young Josey's butt which, after the spankings his dad administered, couldn't sit comfortably in a chair for over a month.
Had the police helicopter pilot not noticed the fire when he did not only would his parent's house have been reduced to ashes but probably most of the surrounding neighborhood as well.

A long guttural scream coming from outside snapped Josey's attention back to the present.
He watched as two men wrestled in the dusty road and considered the unlikely possibility the kid was still alive. Boris went with him so there was a chance Billy might be okay. Without the dog going with him he couldn't have made it very far. Maybe they're already somewhere safe. It would be stupid of me to go chasing after them. I'm no hero, he realized with a sigh, and stared at his crowbar.

*****

Billy considered the winding switchback road that headed up and out of the valley for a long time before starting up the hillside. Finally, he decided to find a trail out of the valley and avoid the road altogether.
The sun made him feel tired after just a few minutes of walking and it had just barely cleared the rim of the valley. Boris walked closely to the boy as they followed a path toward the hills.
While they climbed up the path, he still tasted the gooey cookie remnants that coated his teeth. He felt confident they would make it to the top of the hill within half an hour- maybe even less.
Following the path, he saw empty soda cans and candy wrappers that someone had thrown away and took comfort in the fact that people obviously had used this trail before. Parts of the path were a little steep and yet Boris had no trouble climbing up while Billy had to go considerably slower.

Twenty minutes later, the boy silently revised his estimate on how long it would take to reach the top. Having only climbed about one fifth of the way up, he guessed it might actually take as much as an hour to make it out of the valley. After several minutes they found a path that seemed easier to climb and followed it for about ten minutes before things got very bad.

Billy heard Boris growl as he walked toward a patch of bushes.
The dog smelled a snake. He couldn't see it but knew it was nearby. Boris quickly moved in front of the boy and growled his toughest, “Don't mess with us,” growl and bared his teeth.
“What is it?” Billy whispered, holding his BB rifle up ready to shoot. But he didn't see any bad guys around. He glanced back down the hill they'd climbed and wondered how any of the zombies could have climbed a hill that steep.
They seem as uncoordinated and clumsy as the guy at Aunt Deana's wedding party last month. Mom said he was just some drunk guy after he staggered around and finally fell over some of the flowers and landed in the fish pond. How could one of those guys climb up here?
Plus, he hadn't heard any nearby grunts or screams since they'd started climbing.

The seven foot long rattlesnake had just slithered halfway out of its burrow under the bushes to soak up some morning sunshine. With half its body still underground it felt repetitive vibrations coming from down the path. There were two living things there, the snake realized. One smelled of dog, the other of man.
It rattled its tail in warning, but it was still deep in the burrow and couldn’t be heard by the boy. The snake flicked its tongue and tasted their scents.

Billy didn't hear the snake's rattle but the dog did. It was muted yet still very nearby.
“Come on, they're waiting for us to go get help. Why are you being such a cowardly kitten,” he asked, walking toward the bushes and the hidden snake.
The snake sensed the bigger one moving toward him and prepared to charge out of the burrow. If snakes had the ability to slither backward it would most definitely have preferred that option. However, given the circumstances it charged.
Boris saw the boy walking forward then the bush moved and a snake quickly slid out its burrow.

*****

Josey swallowed three aspirin and tightened his leg bandage.
“It's suicide. Please don't go out there. You're not a superhero. You drive a septic tank truck, for goodness sake,” Mrs. Remlap begged as she held a wet cloth to the unconscious old man's forehead.
“You two just stay here. I'll find Billy and Boris and we'll be back in a little while. I'm pretty sure they went out the backdoor since the front still has a few unfriendly types out there,” he said, picking up his crowbar and starting to open the backdoor.
“Wait.” With his eyes half open the old man spoke slowly, “Go... look in the back of my closet. Inside my golf bag... there's something-” He coughed for a few seconds and continued, “...something I think might help you.”

Josey quickly limped into the back bedroom and looked in the closet, pushing aside a selection of Hawaiian shirts he couldn't begin to imagine the old man ever wearing. He stared at a long dark brown leather coat with an armband stitched to the sleeve.
Why would he have a thing like this? He wondered, while reaching up and feeling the thick leather material. Josey smiled as a plan began to form. Pushing aside the heavy coat for the moment, he looked in the golf bag and noticed a faded red and white leather handle topped with a dull metallic dragon head on the end. It was sticking up much higher than the other golf club heads and he pulled it out whispering softly, “Damn.”

Phyllis Remlap was holding a wet paper towel on the forehead of the old man sitting in his recliner as she heard heavy footsteps from the hallway. She looked up and felt her denture adhesive threatening to fail again as she stared in open mouthed shock. She fixed her dentures tightly in place and finally spoke. “Josey, what the-” she started then fell silent. Her eyes widened as she looked up at the large limping man that came down the small hallway.
Josey wore a long dark leather coat with a fur neck liner and a black and white Nazi swastika symbol over a red background that had been stitched to the upper sleeve.
Pointing her finger at the four and a half foot long metal sword he carried she could only babble in confusion.
“I figure the coat might come in handy if they get within biting distance, but hopefully this will help keep the bastards from getting that close,” he said carefully swinging the sword.
The old man sat up coughing and said softly, “Won that sword... in a poker game from a major in Hamburg back in 1946. Said he took it off a Jap general on Midway. Use it, but be careful it's wicked sharp. As for the coat, I think it belonged to some member of Gestapo, but he didn't need it anymore after his head got blown off.” He closed his eyes and added, “Be careful, son.”
Mrs. Remlap looked up at Josey. She reminded him a little of his grandmother as she said “Yes, please be careful. And if you can't find him-”
He raised his hand in a stop gesture. “I'll find him. You two just try not to worry,” he said, slipping quietly outside through the back door.

After Josey heard the door lock click, he spotted some tall scrub grass that had been flattened heading north toward the park's exit. He carried his crowbar in his left hand and the sword in his right while watching carefully for anyone. Before long, sweat began to flow over his skin under the heavy coat. He ignored it and moved as fast as he dared.

*****

Boris' first impulse was to turn tail and run. He knew snakes were dangerous and had always run away from them before. Watching it coming out of the bushes the dog involuntarily backed up a step. Boris realized the boy still hadn't seen the snake and was in fact looking back impatiently calling for him.
Venom coated the snake's fangs as it shot from its burrow. It was rushing straight for the little boy's exposed ankles while Billy looked over his shoulder at the scared dog. It moved with incredible speed (just a long brown blur in the early morning dust) when something slammed down on its head.
Dazed and pissed off, the snake, all seven feet of him now completely out the burrow shook its rattle and began swirling back coiling itself up.
Billy was still looking at the dog in contempt. “What is your problem? Do you want to take a break?” He asked in a disgusted tone of voice. Taking off his backpack he slammed it down without looking. The bag wasn't extremely heavy but it still weighed enough to confuse and frighten the snake when it landed on its head.
Boris came up and stood next to the boy. His whole furry body trembled as he barked at the snake. 
Billy heard the rattle and had seen enough cowboy movies with his grandpa to know it was a bad situation, maybe even worse than a pack of hungry zombies.

He remembered during his last visit, when no monsters roamed the Albuquerque Springs Trailer Park, how he and grandpa watched a movie starring John Wayne- the undisputed king of the cowboys. Why people called him The Duke when he was obviously the king had always confused him.
He'd loved almost every minute of the movie except for the part where a pretty girl was thrown into a pit full of snakes by a bad guy. At that point, Billy ran out of the living room into his bedroom and grabbed his stuffed plush toy raccoon named Ricky.
Eventually, he came back in the living room and watched the end of the movie. It was very cool, but under the current circumstances he was barely able to remember how to breathe let alone the name of the movie.

The snake coiled up only a few feet away bobbing and weaving its head uncertain which one to strike. Its eyes flicked back and forth as it watched the boy and dog.
Feeling a warm stream of urine leaking down his leg inside his pants, Billy again realized coming out here looking for help was probably the dumbest thing he'd ever done in his entire brief life. He tried to be brave remembering what his grandpa told him the previous summer after he told him about having gotten beat up at school. “Bullies only get braver when you look or act afraid. You've got to act brave if nothing else. Act brave and before you know it, you are brave, and then no bully on Earth can get the best of you.”
Hoping the advice applied to snakes as well as bullies, he kept his eyes closed and tried to imagine that he was John Wayne. In his mind he was a short much younger John Wayne to be sure, but he felt braver nonetheless.
Lifting his BB rifle as he opened his eyes he was no longer a little boy who just peed his pants, he was the King of the cowboys- THE DUKE!

*****

Josey walked slowly following a trail he hoped was Billy's. After skirting around an obvious undead man stuck upside down in a ditch with ripped and torn skinless legs that still twitched slightly in the air, he stepped through a gap in a brick retaining wall and stopped in the shade of a trailer to wipe away the sweat from his face.
He saw a large pile of beer cans and stepped carefully through their midst trying to be as quiet as possible. Looking into the distance then checking the way he'd just come, Josey saw no one. But a splashing sound made him scratch his head in confusion.
Spotting the uncovered well, he carefully stepped over a rusty chain that surrounded it. Josey bent over and peered past the few remaining small pieces of splintered boards and into the darkness below. He decided to take a chance and leaned down lower, whispering, “Billy, hey Billy, are you down there?”
A series of splashes came from below and some sounds that could possibly be a dog in trouble.
“Boris, is that you down there?” He asked while reaching into a pocket for his mini flashlight. The beam of light exposed two men about twenty feet below standing in muddy water mixed up with bits of broken wood. They snarled up at him and scratched at the smooth sides of the well trying to climb up.
Still bent over, Josey spit into the well and started to stand upright when he heard a scream and running feet. He tried to turn around but was slammed from behind and knocked off balance. The heavy crowbar fell from his hand, rattled against the lip of the well, and fell with a splash accompanied by more grunts from below and a shout that sounded somewhat close to the word, “OW!”.

With no time to think, Josey stepped across the mouth of the well with his left leg to keep from falling in. Badly off balance, someone climbed up on his back and he ended up straddling the hole. His legs were spread wide across the open well while a man he couldn't see clawed at his back.

Josey's attacker was a tall, slender, long haired, man with a ponytail. The tall man wore the bloody remnants of a restaurant uniform with a name tag that had the name Rafael printed on it.
Rafael held a sharp sixteen inch long meat fork normally used for grilling clutched in one hand and wrapped both his legs around Josey's waist from behind in an odd looking variation of the classic piggy back ride position.
Unlike many of the other screamers, he'd somehow retained a sizable portion of his reasoning ability and had been silently stalking Josey since he crossed the ditch- waiting for the best moment to attack. Deciding the time for silence was over, he screamed and stabbed at Josey with the meat fork while clawing at his coat with his other hand.
The man on his back made keeping his balance nearly impossible and Josey felt his bad knee throbbing as he tried to think. He felt something sharp stab him in his shoulder and joined the screamer as he howled in pain.
Their screams were joined by a loud series of grunts echoing up from the bottom of the well.
Unable to think of anything better to do, he fell backward and felt the sharp thing being pulled back out of his shoulder.
Because Rafael had his legs clenched around Josey's waist he couldn't let go and grunted loudly as the bigger and heavier man landed on top of him.
Having been in many bar fights before, Josey trusted to experience and used his elbows to gut punch the man under him a few times then rolled off and got up quickly.
Rafael still clutched the bloody meat fork, but between having been crushed under Josey’s two hundred and eighty pound body and the series of gut punches he was stunned and moved considerably slower.
Josey felt his knee aching and wished he hadn't dropped the crowbar, as he shuffled painfully forward intent on slicing the madman's head from his shoulders. Lifting the sword over his head he felt his wounded shoulder throb in pain, ignored it, and swung down doing his best imitation of a Samurai warrior.

If Rafael had stayed still a moment longer the fight would have been over, but he had caught his breath and jumped as the blade was on its down stroke. Instead of decapitating him, Josey merely sliced off the majority of his long ponytail which fell to the dirt.
Unlike most customers of a barber that did a bad job cutting their hair, Rafael stabbed Josey while jumping into a crouching position. The sharp metal prongs pierced Josey's knee length coat and stabbed painfully into his upper thigh.
“Cuntpissmotherfuckingshitforbrains!” Josey yelled and swung the sword even before the fork was removed from his leg.
The sword sliced Rafael across the neck but the swing wasn't nearly forceful enough or well aimed to sever the head from his body.
Josey felt the fork still embedded in his trembling leg.
Bright red blood flowed in a torrent from Rafael's neck as he uttered a gurgling scream and again staggered forward.
Josey swung the sword again, but Rafael raised his arm in a somewhat successful attempt at self defense. At the cost of having his left arm severed, he managed to get close enough to grab the meat fork and tried to knock Josey down. Had he not been weakened from his severe wounds, it might have worked.
However, as Josey saw him grab the fork in his leg, he took the opportunity to slice off Rafael's other arm at the shoulder. Josey yanked the meat fork out of his leg and tossed it into the well.
Rafael was both effectively and quite literally disarmed with his shirt now soaked in blood from the neck wound. He fell to his knees and continued to growl weakly as he glared up at Josey with his mouth open and a savage glint in his crimson eyes.

Remembering a scene from one of his favorite Monty Python movies, Josey couldn't resist smiling down on the armless fast food worker and said, “You are indeed brave sir knight, but the fight is mine.”
Rafael growled weakly and inched closer to Josey.
“Look! You stupid bastard, you've got no arms left.”
Apparently tired of running lines from the black knight scene from Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Rafael fell face down in the dirt and laid still.
“And take this, before you get a chance to come back from the dead and try to bite my legs off,” Josey said, while smoothly slicing through Raphael's neck.
After wiping the blade off on the headless body's pants to remove as much blood as he could, Josey saw the eyes in Rafael’s head pop open and stare up at him. Josey picked up a stick and knocked the head into the well. If this were a wishing well, I'd wish to find Billy and Boris unhurt, he thought, cautiously looking around for any signs of them. The sun had already cleared the rim of the valley and he felt time was moving much too fast. “Damn it Billy, where are you?” he whispered.
A few moments later, he found a small plastic bag with cookie crumbs and an empty water bottle, and was sure they belonged to the kid. After looking around for a few more minutes, he spotted some tall prairie grass that seemed to have been recently walked through heading north. Josey grunted before limping onward.

*****

Boris barked and bounced a little to the right in an attempt to draw the snake's attention away from the boy. The snake followed the movement and shook its rattle faster.
Billy couldn't remember if he'd pumped up the BB rifle since the last time he'd fired it and whispered a little prayer that he had as he lowered the rifle into firing position. In his mind's eye, he saw himself wearing a cowboy hat with a neckerchief and a big Remington rifle before he tried to take aim.
The snake slid away from the boy, focusing its attention only at the dog, as Billy aimed down the rifle barrel. The boy tried to get a bead on the snake's small, quick, and erratically moving head. He was concentrating so hard on the snake that it took several seconds for him to see past it as two vehicles rolled down the winding road. His eyes opened wide when he saw beyond the snake, only a few hundred feet away, a big gray bus with the letters ICE written on the side slowly following a police car down the road into the valley.
Billy focused on the snake and pulled the trigger yelling, “Cavalry's here! Woo Hoo!”


CHAPTER 13
Cha-ka Attack & ICE Left Cold

Without being able to immediately remember where he was, Jeremiah opened his eyes and was shocked to realize the previous evening hadn't really just been an ultra realistic nightmare. He'd dozed off while sitting in a kitchen chair he’d placed against the trailer's door and upon waking found himself stiff and uncertain what to do. The young man spent a long time before falling asleep searching before realizing that the filthy trailer had no phone
Breathing through his mouth to avoid as much as possible the foul plethora of stenches all around him, he rubbed his eyes and secretly hoped Charlie had died while he'd been sleeping. I know it's not right to wish that, Lord, but I can't help it. He's going to die anyway. No one can go through life in his condition. He's got to be in unimaginable pain- and all I can find to relieve it is some aspirin, Jeremiah thought miserably.
He stood and felt like his legs had gone to sleep. They felt rubbery and tingled almost painfully at the same time. Walking unsteadily through the filthy living room, he pointedly did not look at the faceless man and instead paused to peek out through the thrift store quality curtains covering the window.
Outside there was no sign of his friend, Issac, who had apparently become a homicidal monster several hours earlier. On the porch, the wooden recliner was splattered with drying blood and bits of skin. Dozens of rabbits were eating in the ruined garden and drinking from the stream as rays of dappled golden sunlight filtered into the small clearing. If he hadn't witnessed and been a part of the mayhem, himself, he might have looked upon the view as almost enchanting. Of course the two corpses in the stream did make it hard to see it as anything other than what is really was: A scene of bloody murderous violence and madness.
Checking his watch, Jeremiah saw it was a little after six o'clock and was surprised to discover that he felt hungry.
The monkey hooted inquisitively while curled up in a small furry ball in Charlie's lap. Its eyes blinked sleepily up at him as the young man turned toward the kitchen.
“Good morning, Cheetah,” he said, walking past the blood stained recliner. Once again, Jeremiah, chose not to look at Charlie as he went into the kitchen and tried to find something to eat.

Her name is Cha-ka, you pompous, heartless, stupid, asshole, Charlie angrily thought, as he tried to breathe under the filthy towel that had been placed over his head and face. He'd fallen asleep (or passed out) several times since the Bible thumping bastard had worked on him earlier. If I live through this, I will find some way to kill him or at least see him dead, he thought savagely. Then realizing his soul was on the line, he regretfully dismissed the idea of revenge. His face or the remnants of it felt like biting fire ants were crawling all over it. He wondered if they really were ants or if he was just imagining it.

Housekeeping had never been a priority for Charlie Farro and he couldn't remember the last time he'd sprayed his filthy trailer for bugs. As the crawling biting sensations on his 'face' continued he couldn't help remembering the trails of ants he'd seen in the kitchen yesterday and moaned softly. He focused all his will and tried to lift his hand.
There was no movement.
Paralyzed by my own frigging stupidity. Fuck! With Skynyrd’s fangs still deeply embedded on the sides of his head he idly wondered if the crown of thorns felt as bad to Jesus as what he was going through. And then wondered if just thinking that thought was sacrilegious. He heard the kid whistling in the kitchen and tried to speak, but a weak hoarse gurgle was all he could manage.
Cha-ka hooted softly again from his lap. Her small simian fingers stroked and patted Charlie’s hand, but he couldn’t feel it.

Several hours earlier, Jeremiah had spent thirty agonizing minutes trying to find a way to remove the large python's severed head and mouth without doing even more damage to Charlie. The snake had unhinged its jaw to swallow the man's head but hadn’t managed to get past his forehead before being killed. The teeth were curved like fish hooks and dug deeper into Charlie’s head each time Jeremiah had pulled on it trying to remove it. He finally decided to let the paramedics do it if he could get help for him. It was when he finally gave up on removing the snake's head that the monkey scared him more than anything else last night.

Cha-ka sat quietly on a shadowy bookcase holding a ragged piece of Charlie's facial skin. She watched in silent fascination as the strange man tried to remove the snake's head. Cha-ka was a monkey of very mixed emotions. She was elated and thrilled that her old nemesis, Skynyrd the python was finally dead, yet equally heartbroken as she listened to her master grunting in pain in his recliner. When the stranger picked up a knife, she feared he would hurt Charlie and flung herself from the bookcase onto his head (scratching and screeching very loudly.)
Jeremiah had no idea what new monstrosity was attacking him. Screaming, he dropped the knife and ran toward the bathroom.
Cha-ka had wrapped her small simian hands into his hair, pulling fiercely and screeching loudly as Jeremiah screamed in terror, stumbled across the room, slammed into one of the walls, and finally made it to the bathroom.
Charlie did something he didn't think he'd ever be capable of doing again. He laughed and didn't even care that it sounded like a sick gurgling frog as he watched Cha-ka riding on the Bible thumping kid's head when he ran into the hall screaming like a little girl.

In the bathroom, staring in the filthy mirror hanging behind the sink, Jeremiah saw a Capuchin monkey sitting on top of his head with two small fistfuls of his hair. He lowered his hands and stopped shouting as they stared into each other’s eyes through the mirror.
She still clutched tightly to his hair but stopped pulling on it as they maintained eye contact.
“Hello. My name is Jeremiah,” he said in a soft gentle voice as his hand reached slowly into his pocket. He realized it was most likely a helper monkey much like his Uncle Andrew had gotten to assist him with things around the house after his tragic accident.

Jeremiah’s, Uncle Andrew was a great musician... once. He'd been on stage playing his harmonica as part of a band performing for a Children's Hospital fund raiser. When it was time for his solo he was doing great and the crowd loved it as he went close to the edge of the stage playing his heart out.
Jeremiah later saw the video of the fall.
While still playing his harmonic with his eyes closed, Andrew tripped over a microphone cord and fell head first onto a group of kids that were absolutely no help in breaking his fall. The saddest part wasn't the accident itself. It was when some of the kids tried to help him up, and in doing so jostled his already injured neck and spine in such a way that he ended up permanently paralyzed from the neck down.

Hoping this monkey had a similar weakness for hard candy, as his uncle's monkey named Kong, he unwrapped a mint and slowly raised his hand up so it could see it.
Cha-ka looked and sniffed at it but didn't release his hair.
“It's okay, you can have it. Just leave me some of my hair so I can still use my comb,” he said in the same soft soothing tone of voice he'd used earlier.
Cha-ka snatched the candy from his palm and held it with both of her small hands as she continued to sit on his head. After sniffing it, her eyes widened and she took a bite. She held the mint with one hand and patted Jeremiah's hair back down from the unruly mess it was to a slightly less messy style with the other hand.
“Are you going to be nice now? Your friend in there sure could use your help,” he said, lowering his hands to his sides.
Cha-ka jumped onto the sink holding the mint in one hand and patted her chest before pointing toward the living room.
“All right, Cheetah, let’s go try to help him,” he said walking out, as the monkey climbed onto his shoulder and continued to happily munch on the mint.

Since their initial encounter, the monkey and Jeremiah worked well together trying to help the faceless paralyzed man. He'd found some old letters while looking for medicine in the kitchen cabinets and discovered his name was Charlie Fitzpatrick Farro. Aside from that, he also knew the man was going to die without serious medical attention and soon. His first aid experience was nowhere near as extensive as Issac’s had been, but he believed that it was a genuine miracle Charlie was still alive at all.
Before falling asleep from exhaustion, the flies had been his biggest concern. They kept crawling on the raw meat of Charlie's face. After soaking a towel in water, Jeremiah laid it gently over the man's bloody pulpy facial area. The young man was careful not to cover where his nose and mouth holes were so Charlie wouldn't suffocate. Hoping the towel would deter the flies was only part of the reason for his doing it though. Jeremiah was ashamed to admit even to himself that the pitiful looking man had been scaring the devil out of him while he tried to think what to do next.

In the filthy kitchen he found and opened a can of corn. Jeremiah ate it cold straight from the can feeling he and Charlie were both quickly running out of time. Staring at the small brown plastic bottle of hydrogen peroxide, as he chewed and swallowed the cold corn, he felt uncertain what to do next. He picked up the bottle and read the faded label.
Over the years he’d used hydrogen peroxide on various cuts and scrapes, but was unsure if using it on Charlie's badly torn 'face' was a good or bad idea. He was certain it would help keep the hideous wounds from being infected with germs, but feared the intense pain it would undoubtedly cause might kill Charlie.
Opening the bottle of aspirin, he laid five white pills on the counter and used an unopened can of corn to smash them into powder. After retrieving the plastic turkey baster that he'd seen earlier inside a drawer, he scooped the powder into the empty tube and filled it with water.
The monkey watched Jeremiah curiously from on top of the Python's severed head stuck to the top of Charlie.
“It's okay Cheetah. This stuff should help Charlie feel better, that's all,” he said, and filled a plastic bucket with water and carried them both to the table beside the recliner.

Taking a deep breath, he tried to remove the towel. It was difficult to do because the cloth had dried out since he placed it on Charlie's 'face' earlier. The dry blood stained towel had somehow become stuck to the drying blood on the man's 'face' and required more than a little tugging to remove.
Charlie gurgled loudly and his head twitched spasmodically as it was pulled off.
Cha-ka hooted and appeared confused.
“It will be okay,” Jeremiah said softly, hoping he was telling the truth.
The flies had found ways under the towel and were everywhere beneath it.
Jeremiah thought of Jesus dealing with most likely equally unpleasant looking lepers and looked at the man’s remaining eye. It appeared dull and dry and he wondered how stupid he could have been. The man has no eyelid, of course it dried out. He quickly splashed some water onto it and shooed away the flies.
He held up the turkey baster filled with water and powdered aspirin and said, “Try to swallow these aspirins. I've got to do something that will probably sting a little before I go for help.”
The eye rolled sluggishly and looked up at him as Charlie grunted.
“I've got to go for help or you will most certainly die. Cheetah will be here to give you water using the turkey baster until help comes. Now, try and swallow the aspirin,” he said and slipped the plastic tip into the hole where some of his teeth could still be seen as well as a twitching pink colored thing, which he thought was probably be the man's tongue. He squeezed the rubber bulb of the baster and Charlie swallowed.
Some water leaked out through the side of his 'face' that was gone altogether, but Jeremiah was certain that most of it was swallowed.

After getting the monkey to handle the baster, and showing her how to draw water from the bucket and squirt it into Charlie's mouth several times, Jeremiah felt it was almost time to go. He peeked through the window and saw several rabbits eating peacefully. If Issac or the other crazy people were nearby he doubted they'd be that calm and turned back to the man in the recliner.
“Mr. Farro, if you can understand me, please listen. I really don't want to know the depth of your depravity,” he said, gesturing to the pornographic magazines scattered around the room. “I am commanded by God to hate the sin but love the sinner. You make it extremely difficult to do that, but I will pray for you. And if something should happen to me out there just remember something Brother Derek told me once at church. God writes straight with crooked lines.
God Bless you, Charlie, and you too Cheetah. I'll be as quick as I can, but there’s one last thing I have to do. It will most likely sting a little, but it should keep the flies off of your-” he coughed before managing to say, “face.”
Charlie had been so happy to have something to drink that he'd tuned out most of what the kid had been saying until hearing the part about something stinging a little. His vision was horrible. It was like trying to see through an ice cube so he couldn't identify what the kid was lifting up over his 'face'.
When the hydrogen peroxide splashed on his skinless 'face' he gurgled loudly and shook his head violently for several seconds until passing out from the intense pain.
Unable to watch Charlie’s 'face' foaming and bubbling, Jeremiah petted the softly hooting monkey on top of her small head and whispered, “Take care of him, Cheetah. I'll be back with help.” He checked outside again and everything still appeared serene enough. Locking the door behind him, he went out on the porch picked up his oak table leg club and hurried back the way he and Issac had come last night.

*****

Maria cried and felt sick as she pawed through the dozens of photographs that had been stored inside the old crates for decades. There were pictures of concentration and prison camp survivors. Most showed people emaciated to the point of being little more than skeletons with skin stretched over their bodies. She cried while pulling out the photos and tried not to look at some of the most horrific parts of World War II, hoping as she sifted through them that there might be something useful in the old crate.
As she was about to give up, Maria felt a metal tube and slid aside the remaining photos- revealing four round metal cylinders a few inches long and a little thicker than a can of soup on the bottom of the crate. After a few seconds, she managed to read the letters on one of them. The word was “Stielhandgranate” and all the little cans had a few inches of rough cord hanging out of the bottom that went inside through a tiny hole. Maria wondered at the word that was stenciled on the little canisters. Are they food, medicine, or maybe some kind of weapons?
After pulling all the cans out and setting them on the floor, she was prepared to look through another box but noticed something. There was a piece of yellowed paper rolled up and tied to one of the cords. Carefully unrolling the brittle yellowed paper she read the note.

Dear, Skunk Butt, Remlap,
Thought you might like a few noise makers for New Years or to help knock out any old tree stumps you may have. These are some of the potato masher grenades we found at that whorehouse in Remagen.
I used the rest on General Douglas Steltmiers's Mercedes that he was going to have shipped back to the states. I think the engine block probably landed on the moon. Ha ha!
Anyhoo, have fun and just remember these are five second delay grenades so be careful. And Happy New Years, Stinky
Bama Boy a.k.a. Chet Scarbrough

Maria looked from the note to the canisters as a mischievous smile lit up her face.
There was a metallic crash from below followed by a surprised grunt.
Crawling to the hole she'd climbed through earlier, Maria yelled down until three undead men were visible. They stared and snarled up at her.
“Hey, are you hungry? Want to wrap your lips around something yummy? Well, eat this, you nasty things!” She yelled while pulling the string on one of the grenades. After dropping it to the garage floor she couldn't help giggling while crawling away from the hole as fast as possible.

The undead man that used to be called Paco looked down at the metal thing and picked it up.
The others continued grunting and leaping up trying to get in the crawlspace where they had just seen the delicious smelling girl.
Maria reached the end of the crawlspace, as far away from the hole as possible, and waited. She continued to wait and wondered if she'd read the note right. It's been almost thirty seconds. Maybe they don't work any longer? she thought and reached for another grenade. After pulling the cord she threw it toward the hole.
It had just fallen through when a tremendous explosion shook the attic crawlspace and filled the air with plumes of smoke, dust, and howling screams from below.
Her smile disappeared as the attic crawlspace floor, beneath her, shifted and shook for a several seconds. When it seemed to be holding steady again she crawled for the exit. Maria was almost there when the second grenade exploded. The crawlspace floor tilted violently, crates fell, and she screamed as the garage collapsed in on itself and darkness took her.

*****

Colonel Lester was reclining in the bathtub wearing his boxer shorts which had the words World's Sexiest Grandpa printed on the backside. His wife Barbara gave them to him as a Christmas present many years earlier.
His face was still bright red from embarrassment because Phyllis Remlap had helped him into the bath after Josey left. He stared miserably at his wrinkled prune-like looking toes and couldn’t think of anything but his grandson. He’s not dead. He’s a tough kid. Josey will find him. Oh, Dear God, please let Billy be okay.
Phyllis tapped on the door and came inside, as she had every few minutes, to make sure he was okay and on her third visit he finally said, “Damn it, Phyllis, either stay in or out. I'm feeling much better, but your coming in and out is getting a little annoying.”

It was true. His complexion had lost the grayish pallor it had when he first discovered Billy was gone.
She walked in and glanced out the small window before asking, “Would you like to talk?” Without waiting for an answer, she closed the toilet seat lid and sat down.
“I'd like that. I just wish I could go out there and find that boy myself. If anything happens to him I'll die, I just know it,” he said staring blankly at the shampoo bottles along the edge of the tub.
“I know you're worried, Bill. But aside from looking like a fashion model from Hell, that Josey seems like the kind of young man that can get things done... including finding that reckless grandson of yours.” She looked out the bathroom window again and muttered something more.
“What was that?” he asked, looking up at her.
“I said I feel like shit, okay? That sweet girl fixed my car and I drove off like a bat out of Hell. I just left her there. Oh, God, what was I thinking?” She reached for a guest towel and cried softly into it. “Who knows if she’s dead, alive, or something in between?” she asked, gesturing to the grunting noises outside.
“The way you described the situation earlier, it appears to me you didn't plan on leaving her. And Maria seemed pretty smart to me. I think she could handle herself in a pinch. Besides didn't you say you left the shotgun in the garage?” He asked, gripping the support safety bar and pulling himself up and out of the tepid bath water.
Holding his other arm, she draped a towel around his neck. “I hope you're right. And I hope she can forgive me for leaving her there.”

*****

“Fuck that old bitch,” Maria wheezed as she looked around the wreckage of the attic crawlspace.
The explosions blasted the support beams in the center of the garage to toothpicks and the front concrete retaining wall was destroyed. The roof had been about twenty-five feet high originally but was now a shattered and twisted ruin surrounding her.
Coughing on some tendrils of smoke, she looked around trying to find the source while continuing to mutter. “Fucking old bitch just left me here. Now I'm going to be eaten alive or cooked in a fire and eaten like bar-b-Que,” Maria said, pushing against a big piece of wood that had her right leg pinned under it.
The lantern was on its side just out of reach in the cramped area she found herself in.
It's really a crawlspace now, she thought, looking back to where the exit used to be. The hole she threw the grenades through was replaced by a large pile of shattered lumber.
Coughing harder, she again tried to lift the wooden beam pinning her leg again but it didn't budge. She pulled on her leg trying to slide it from under it but she was stuck.
I’m doomed. I’ll burn or die from the smoke fumes. God help me, she thought, clutching her Crucifix tightly.
Feeling something hard under her back, she reached around for it with her free hand. She pulled out a grenade, stared at it then shook her head, and set it aside. The smoke made her cough harder and she was having trouble seeing.
Luckily, her ears still worked fine as she heard first the sound of grunting and then some shifting wood nearby. She picked up the grenade again as the grunting grew louder and wrapped a finger around the fuse cord thinking bitterly, I'd rather be blown to bits than cooked alive or be your damn bar-b-Que snack.
A slight breeze coming from above made her look up. She saw a sliver of daylight and blue sky just a few yards away. Maria prayed silently as she wrapped her hand tighter around the Crucifix she wore around her neck.
With her other hand, she placed the grenade between her thighs held the cord and started to pull.

After several seconds, very faintly, she heard a sound that made her release the cord. It was a sound she never thought she'd be so happy to hear. A distant police siren was slowly growing louder.

*****

The BB flew straight but only clipped the snake’s head.
Billy had a dead on shot lined up when he fired. But it lunged at the dog with its mouth open at the same instant. The shot threw the snake slightly off course but it still struck the dog.
The BB hurt and scared the snake and it tried escape back into the brush.
Boris sensed victory and chased after it. He lunged forward, caught the snake firmly in his mouth, and bit down while Billy quickly pumped the rifle for another shot.
The snake was in pain, confused, and extremely pissed off, as it felt the dog biting him and violently shaking its body from side to side. It thrashed, lunged back and bit at the dog again.
“No Boris! Let go of it!” Billy yelled, as he tried to aim at the snake.
Very quickly, the snake felt itself dying. It was rapidly growing weary and confused as it continued trying to strike back at the dog but after only a couple more attempts it became motionless.
Boris shook his head a few more times before opening his mouth and letting the dead snake's body tumble into the dusty footpath, The dog watched the snake as if suspecting it might not really be dead, but after several moments Boris whimpered and limped over to the boy favoring its right front leg.
Billy got on his knees, hugged the dog, and petted its furry head softly whispering, “You’re a good boy, Boris. Good boy.”
Boris hung his tongue out, panting hard, and whined softly while looking mistrustfully back at the remains of the snake.

*****

The deputy looked at the trailers nearest to the entrance as the squad car slowly rolled down the hill.
“There should be about fifty to seventy in total people down here, according to the guys in the bus,” Captain Wyatt said from behind the steering wheel.
Deputy Holmes removed the shotgun from its storage cradle and pointed the muzzle toward the floorboard after checking that the safety was engaged.
“Easy Rambo,” Wyatt chuckled. “We're just here in case they need us. They get to go inside, drag them out, and throw them in the bus for a free ride. All we get to supervise, if anything.”
The squad car was on the last bit of road just before the wrecked cars, at the bottom of the hill, when both officers heard two distant explosions. One was followed by another after a couple of seconds. Wyatt saw part of Mrs. Remlap's roof collapse as smoke billowed up from the debris.
“What the hell?” he said, stepping on the brake. Staring across the trailer park at the old house he grabbed the radio handset. “Sazera, you kids back there have got this raid all to yourselves. We've got real work to do.” Not waiting for a response, he hit the car's siren switch and sped off toward the burning house.
Large flocks of big black birds flapped up into the sky as the siren blared, but neither officer seemed to notice them as they stared at the distant Remlap house.

Shoemaker parked the bus between the wrecked car and van. By doing that the exit was effectively blocked.
Sazera looked at his team. “We'll do this by the book, guys. No shooting unless absolutely necessary.” With that, he opened the bus door and they split into two teams running toward the trailers. Their attention was focused on the closest trailers, and no one noticed the group of men running toward them from Colonel Lester's trailer.

The closest trailer door hung open as Shoemaker ran up the wooden stairs and yelled in Spanish then in English, “Hands up! Immigration!” Holding his flashlight and revolver he stared at the filthy room as the other agents rushed inside and past him. Hadden stumbled and fell over the body a small boy. The boy's head looked as if someone had shot it and several good size chunks of flesh were missing from the body.
“Oh, good God,” Hadden managed to say before throwing up his breakfast.
Puckett bent over to check on his partner and asked one of those clever questions that gave him the reputation as having ridden on the short bus every day of his life, “Are you okay?”

Minarges ignored the mess, walked past his fellow agents, drew his stun gun, and shined his flashlight down the hallway. To his sometimes confused mind, what he saw was a dungeon corridor covered in blood and body parts. It reminded him of some of the fantasy games he played. He held the shaking flashlight and stun gun while shouting down the hallway in Spanish, “You down there, come out with your hands up!”
A grunting bloody man ran at Minarges with his arms outstretched toward him. The man's face was streaked in blood, his eyes were glazed over, and both his hands were nearly skinless.
Minarges instantly recognized it as a monster he'd often battled while participating in role playing games.
“Hey everybody, we got zombies!” He excitedly called back into the living room, as he fired the stun gun.
Two needle-like probes attached by thin wires to the stun gun struck the man in his chest. A brief intense discharge of electricity made him stop in his tracks and collapse to the floor.
Watching the hallway warily, Minarges trotted over to the face down zombie and quickly yanked out a plastic zip tie from his belt and secured the bloody wrists together behind the deadish man's back. After snapping in a new set of stun probes, he checked for a pulse and wasn't surprised at all that the zombie didn't have one. Minarges laughed loudly as he yelled over his shoulder, “Hey guys, it’s just like a game except this is for real,” and laughed harder as he shined the light up under his chin.
Shoemaker stood near the front door and yelled, “Minarges, shut up and take your prisoner outside!”
Hadden quickly recovered and with Puckett’s help got back on his feet as Minarges went by dragging the bloody prisoner toward the front door.
With a disturbing grin on his face, Minarges smiled at Shoemaker who stood in the living room watching Hadden and Puckett go down the hall. “Want to see the zombie, I caught?” Minarges asked, chuckling.
“Just take him outside keep an eye on him and knock off that zombie crap,” Shoemaker said, intently watching Hadden disappear down the hall as Puckett followed.
“No, really, he's a zombie. Don't let them bite you or you'll be sorry,” Minarges warned with a cackle before going outside and down the front steps. He dumped the tied zombie to the ground and wondered if this was all just a dream. Sure feels real. I wonder if this is a lucid dream where I can steer it the way I want. Zombies. This is so cool. It’s just like a movie. Of course, in a movie they’d be a lot harder to deal with. This could actually be a lot of fun, he realized with an odd looking grin on his face.
The zombie on the ground started to moan and tried to rise to his knees.
Minarges kicked him in the butt and continued to smile.

There were three more doors: two were open and the one at the end of the hall that was closed.
Hadden held his night stick in one hand and his flashlight in the other as he lit up the first doorway. He shouted in Spanish, “Immigration, come on out!” He still tasted vomit in his mouth and felt like he might faint as saw the filthiest bathroom he'd ever seen when Puckett yelled from behind him. Turning around, he saw Puckett running back toward the main room.
As Hadden tried to follow his partner (He wasn't sure why Puckett was running away but doing likewise seemed like a fairly good idea) hands reached out of the dark hallway clutching and clawing at his back.
He swung the club, shouting, “Get back!” while frantically trying to run. Hadden felt himself being pulled down by the weight of several people, some of whom were inexplicably biting his legs. Someone else bit into his arm as he reached for his pistol. “Puckett, you douche bag! Help me, damn it!” Hadden yelled from under the onslaught of attackers.
He got his hand on the gun but someone else pulled and bit that arm too. Crushed down on the filthy floor, he felt a brilliant flush of heat and his last coherent thought was very simple if not uncharacteristic: Kill!
Hadden looked at the gun clutched in his bloody hand for a second then dropped it and began screaming with a mindless fury as his attackers seemed to tire of him and started running in the direction Puckett had gone.

Shoemaker and Puckett fired repeatedly as several bloody men charged out of the hallway. The shots threw the first man against the wall, but three more took his place and even more filled the narrow hallway behind them.
They both fired faster at the group of apparent crazy men as Minarges could be heard shrieking something unintelligible from somewhere outside the trailer. Adding to the confusion, Hadden's screaming voice could be heard coming from somewhere down the hallway.
“Shit! It's a horde of zombies! Run!” Minarges yelled through the doorway, before running from the dozen or more wild looking men quickly sprinting toward him. He ran between the trailers and heard the men screaming and howling right behind him.
Startled birds took flight as he ran behind the trailers.
Stumbling over a large pile of copper pipes and electrical cables that some of the more larcenous residents had previously stolen, Minarges lost his balance and fell to his knees. There were dozens of copper pipes of various sizes scattered on the ground and they clanged together as he got back up and continued to run. He vaguely wondered why the obviously zombie attackers could run. ZOMBIES are supposed to be slow moving, Damn it! He thought while sprinting away.
The pursuers also lost their balance because of the copper pipes and cables. They fell in a screaming biting and furious heap.
Minarges pulled his gun from his holster and quickly fired back at the men who were scattered behind him and temporarily having trouble chasing him. At the corner of the trailer, his gun clicked empty and he slammed in a fresh clip and continued to fire while thinking, Gotta hit their heads, and tried to aim.
He realized while firing that it was one thing to be involved in role playing games- sitting at a table drinking soda and rolling dice with your friends- but real life encounters with monsters was much more difficult to deal with. Minarges continued firing at the closest man but due to his badly trembling hand, out of a total of sixteen shots from two ammo clips, he managed to hit him only once. The bullet severed the zombie’s thumb on his right hand but the rest of the pack had crawled past the pipes and started chasing Minarges again.
Where the Hell is the rest of the team? He wondered, sprinting back toward the front of the trailer.

Shoemaker stared in disbelief as his shots hit the men repeatedly with no lasting effect. They were all direct center mass shots, but he quickly stepped back toward the doorway as first one then another got back up and charged again.
Then Hadden, or what had once been Hadden, ran out of the hallway. His eyes were a bright crimson red color where the white parts should have been and trickles of blood were flowing from both eyes. Hadden howled and then leaped over the other men and landed on top of Puckett who was still firing his gun.
Shoemaker continued to shoot as he backed toward the front door. He saw Hadden bite and tear at Puckett’s groin as the other men scurried across the main room grunting and pushing each other as they ran toward the front door.
Leaping outside, Shoemaker slammed the door shut and pressed his back against it. He saw Minarges sprinting across the small clearing in front of the trailers. He was being chased by several more men who appeared every bit as insane as the ones still inside the trailer. The door was knocked partly open and he leaned back harder, feeling it slam shut again. He looked at the bus then heard rapid gunfire coming from the next trailer. As he leaned against the door and slipped a new clip into his gun, he yelled, “Minarges! Quit fucking around! Get your stupid ass over here and help me!”
Minarges leaped over a picnic table and ran while laughing maniacally.
Staring down the barrel of his gun, Shoemaker took aim at the closest man chasing him and fired. The trailer door was pushed open partly again, badly throwing off his aim. The bullet hit Minarges in his upper arm as he ran. He yelled, “Shit head!”stumbled, and gave Shoemaker a brief dirty look but didn't fall or slow down. However, he finally stopped laughing.

Coming out of the other trailer, Sazera was trying to carry Crawford to the bus. He was having difficulty because she had woken up since being struck unconscious after being attacked inside the other trailer. She was screaming, biting and scratching at Sazera as he moved toward the bus. It's like trying to carry a pissed off mountain lion, he thought.
Exasperated, he finally gave up and said, “Fine, bitch,” and threw her to the ground. He glanced at the shredded sleeves of his uniform and saw blood covering his muscular arms. Stupid cunt! I’m going to need stitches. What the fuck is going on? he wondered, while turning to fire at the bloody men spilling out of the trailer behind him. Sazera saw Shoemaker running across the small clearing. “Get the bus started, and hurry!” Sazera yelled, while firing back at the ones who had followed him out of the trailer.
Crawford was grunting on the ground at his feet as the other trailer's door burst open and several more apparently insane people came running out, including Hadden. His grunting and frothing mouth instantly convinced Sazera of his best option. He sprinted for the bus.
Sazera fired as he ran. His shots were hardly aimed at all. They mostly hit tequila and beer bottles, a few hit the first trailer, and one incredibly unlikely shot blew apart a vulture’s head. The bird’s headless body fell from its perch atop one of the trailers.
With each running step, he felt increasingly confused but somehow gradually less terrified. He saw one of his shots shatter a man's head. His arm stung where Crawford had attacked him and he ran faster upon hearing Jerry starting the bus engine. Upon reaching the stairs, he looked at his hand in confusion and dropped his gun into the dust.
The bus engine roared and Shoemaker was yelling something.
Sazera looked over in confusion at the groups of pursuing bloody men, turned and staggered up the stairs feeling extremely shaky. He had a pounding headache and felt queasy before grabbing onto the back of one the bus seats to keep from falling.
“Sit down! We've got to get out of here!” Shoemaker shouted as a few men climbed up on the hood of the bus and others beat on the now shut folding glass doors.
Sazera felt more confused and shaky when he heard Minarges screaming outside.
Minarges was beating on the rear door of the bus. Staggering toward the back of the bus, Sazera stared blankly down at him. Extending a bloody hand toward the door, the big man's body shook uncontrollably before finally collapsing to the floor of the bus.

“Don't leave me! Open the door, you prick!” Minarges shouted, as the bus drove away into the park.
Minarges ran a few seconds trying to keep up with it but quickly realized he'd never catch up. He turned and ran back up the road heading out of the trailer park while a pack of zombies chased after and continued beating on the bus.

“Sazera, use the radio and get some help,” Shoemaker said, driving the bus in a big circle and headed back toward the exit, without noticing Sazera had fallen to the floor.
A howling mad man on the hood was beating at the windshield with his bloody hands. Smears of blood made it difficult to see clearly.
Shoemaker flipped on the windshield wipers, but the trails of blood only smeared making it even harder to see where he was heading. Pressing the fluid sprayer button the blood thinned as he lifted the radio microphone up to his mouth and called out, “Wyatt! We need help! Can anyone hear me!?”
The bus picked up speed and was going almost fifty miles an hour when it clipped the wrecked van and sent it crashing against the nearest trailer. The bus jerked and shimmied as he shifted gears and sped up.
Shoemaker was fiddling with the radio knobs when he spotted Minarges in the middle of the road. He was waving his outstretched arms over his head.
There was no way he could stop in time.
Dumb bastard, he thought as the bus ran him over with a large bump.
On impact, the steering wheel swung hard to the right and the bus careened toward the ditch. He tried to correct the steering, but between the blood smeared windshield and the speed it was hopeless.
“Hang on!” he yelled, glancing in the rear view mirror. He saw Sazera's bleeding eyes and mouth frothing as he came up behind him.
“Shit!” Shoemaker screamed as the bus went nose first over the embankment and crash landed in a nearly vertical position. The seat belt dug into his shoulder and gut painfully yet he felt lucky in comparison, as Sazera flew through the air and smashed headfirst against and then almost all the way through the windshield.
The bus teetered and almost flipped forward completely upside down before it stopped and slammed back against down to the road. It creaked for a few seconds and then all that could be heard was a series of mindless screams from outside.
Shoemaker unsnapped the seat belt and fell from the driver’s seat. His head struck the dashboard and he tumbled down to the bottom of the bus' stairwell.


Agent Dudley stared in shock through the bathroom window, watching as the bus crashed into the ditch almost flipped over and fell back to earth with its rear wheels spinning slower a good four or five feet up in the air. Pressing his forehead against the window, he didn't know what to do next. “Stupid, mother- fuckers,” he muttered and sat back on the toilet seat listening for sounds coming from inside the trailer. It seemed to slowly be quieting down. Pulling out his cell phone he saw the words NO SERVICE on the screen.
He considered what had happened- replaying it over in his mind and feared he'd never get out of this alive. His wife would never know all he could think about was how much he loved her. He looked in his pockets for a pen or pencil and found none. Starting to get up and check the medicine cupboard, he slapped his forehead and flipped open his phone again.
After pushing the video camera function the screen indicated he had twelve and a half minutes of record time. He pressed RECORD looked at the camera lens and started to speak. “I love you, Teresa. If I die out here today, I want you to know that.” He felt tears wanting to leak out, wiped absently at his eyes, and looked over his shoulder when a long loud scream seemed to come from right outside the bathroom window.
Lowering his voice, he continued. “Honey, if I die out here today please, whatever you do, don’t throw out my golf clubs. I hid a key in there for a safety deposit box I put some money in before we got married. I know I should have told you about it and-”
Another scream echoed outside and he turned the phone around. The screen showed he only had nine minutes left to record.
“Go see Michael Grimes at First Liberty Savings & Trust Bank. I added your name to the deposit box card last September after I almost died in that car wreck. He'll help you get the money out. I love you honey, no matter what happens, just remember that.” He blew a kiss at the camera turned it around and saved the file.
He pushed record again and resumed speaking. “This is agent Keith Dudley. I was part of the immigration raid at the Albuquerque Springs Trailer Park today. If you're watching this video you probably have some idea how bad it was. Please, just make sure my wife gets the last message I recorded.” He sat back on the toilet and looked in the camera lens. “I don't know if anyone else made it but this is my report, probably my last-” he said grimacing, “on what I saw here today.
Agent Crawford went into the trailer first and moved left saying I got the hallway. I went to the right to check the kitchen and laundry areas. There was no one there, but I heard Crawford scream Stop! Get back, stop!”
Dudley paused to lick his lips and glanced at the window before continuing. “There was a howling scream and I looked into the living room.
She was squirting pepper spray directly into the mouth, eyes, and nose, of a hideously disfigured man. He had deep lacerations all over the skin covering his face and I swear you could see his teeth through the flaps of his torn skin. His teeth were biting her wrist which made her drop the pepper spray can.
By the way, the pepper spray didn't seem to have any effect on whatever it was that was chewing on her wrist.” Dudley coughed and wiped sweat off his forehead before continuing.
“Gilmer fired at the one attacking Crawford and I drew my gun, but-” he paused and checked the record time left.
It indicated just six minutes remained. He turned the phone around and quickly continued. “But I froze. I'm not proud of it, but it’s the truth. I couldn't move. As Gilmer continued firing, more-” he paused trying to think of the right word, “attackers came out of the hall and started moving toward him as he laid down fire.
He yelled, Get her out of here! And continued firing as Sazera ran over and swung his club down on the biting man’s head- crushing his skull.” Dudley checked the record time left and continued.
“Gilmer yelled and screamed as he fired and Sazera scooped Crawford up in his arms and ran back toward the exit. The attackers continued toward Gilmer as Sazera got Crawford outside.
The bullets had little to no effect when the attackers were hit. Oh sure, they'd fall backwards or fall all the way to the floor when shot, but then in a matter of seconds they'd be back up again.” He looked at the screen and saw there was only three minutes left of record time.
“Gilmer exchanged clips and kept firing as he moved back toward the exit. He must have tripped over something though, because I saw him fall and hit the back of his head against the doorway and tumble outside through the trailer door. The attackers then ran out after him and I heard more gunshots before running to the bathroom and locking myself inside once the trailer seemed empty.” He checked the time and saw one minute and ten seconds left to record.
“I saw them running for the bus. Shoemaker and Sazera anyway, and at least a dozen attackers were chasing after them. I chose to stay and hid in the bathroom. A few minutes ago the bus was going up the exit road but swerved into the ditch and crashed for some reason. I'm going outside in a second to see if I can help Gilmer or anyone else. Wish me luck.” He saved the file, buttoned the phone inside his shirt pocket, and stared in disgust at his reflection in the mirror. Yes. I am going to go out there. I am going. I am not a chicken shit son of a bitch, he thought doubtfully while angrily staring at his reflection yet unable to move toward the door.


CHAPTER 14
A Dying Dog & Jeremiah's Exit

Billy sat hunched in a small ball of misery. He held the dog's head in his lap crying softly as he petted him.
Reaching into the backpack, he pulled out the last water bottle. After pouring a little into the palm of his hand he held it to the dog’s mouth.
“Come on, boy, you can do it. Just try a lick or two. You'll be okay. Come on, just lick my hand,” he said softly.
Boris was on his side with his tongue partly visible through his mostly closed mouth, but he wouldn't drink.
Billy held the water in his palm until the dog whined softly and fell asleep. He gently patted the dog’s mouth with the water trying to at least get his tongue wet.

There was no shade on the exposed rocky path and the sun was making the boy uncomfortable, but he wouldn't leave the dog. He knew the snake had killed his new friend and couldn't think of anything else to do as he softly stroked Boris. “Oh Boris, I'm so sorry. We should have stayed back at the trailer. If we'd stayed there you wouldn't have died out here,” he said resting his head onto the dog's furry chest.
Feeling the slow rise and fall as the dog still breathed and the slow thumping of his heart, the boy waited for death to come as the morning wore on.

How long they stayed like that Billy had no idea, but after some time he heard something behind him coming up the path they'd used. He grabbed his BB rifle and pumped it up as powerful as it could get.
I don't care what happens to me anymore. Maybe I should just let them get us. Does it really matter? He thought, heartbroken and exhausted.
When the large limping zombie came around a corner of the trail, Billy decided he'd rather go down fighting. He pulled the trigger as he felt Boris moving less and less in his lap. “Leave us alone, you bastards!” He yelled while firing through eyes stinging with tears.

Josey heard Billy’s loud voice a split second before something blasted apart most of his right ear.
He dropped the sword, slapped his hand over his bloody ear remnants, and jumped up and down screaming, “Ow! Damnmotherfucking! Shit! Ah fuuuck!” Josey bellowed and swore while holding a hand clamped over the remains of his bloody ear, before yelling, “Damn it, Billy! It's me, Josey, don't shoot!”
Billy dropped the rifle, ran to the big man, and hugged him tight. He cried and tried to talk but was impossible to understand.
Finally, Josey had to shake the boy to get his attention. “Okay, time out! Take a deep breath and count to five, kid. And you don't need to be that upset over my ear. I was actually thinking of getting it pierced someday anyway.”
Billy nodded, took a deep breath and counted to ten just to be on the safe side. Then he looked back where Boris was and said, “I wasn't crying about your ear. It's Boris. A snake bit him and now he's going to die. And it’s all my fault. He was a good dog and I got him killed.” When he finished speaking, the boy snuffled before turning and hurrying back to kneel beside the dog.
Josey picked up the sword and limped forward until he saw the mangled remains of the long snake and the seemingly dead dog nearby. “Billy, are you okay? Did it bite you?”
“I wish it had. Boris is dead, and it’s all my fault.”
Josey leaned down and felt the dog still breathing. “He's a tough dog, he's no quitter,” he said as distant gunshots could be heard coming from the park entrance nearly a mile away. “Help me pick him up. Someone’s come at last. If we hurry we can get Boris a vet and get our asses out of here to boot,” Josey said.

Billy helped lift up Boris.
Josey cradled the dog against his chest with his left arm and carried the sword in his right hand.
After putting the water bottle in his backpack and picking up his rifle, Billy gave Josey a perplexed look.
They'd only been walking about a minute (slowly and very carefully) back down the steep rocky path when Josey saw the kid again looking at him suspiciously.
Between his aching knee, the stab wounds on his thigh and back, what little remained of his bloody torn ear, the heat, and the odd looks Josey got steadily angrier as they walked. “What the Hell is wrong with you, kid? Why do you keep staring at me like that?”
“Why are you dressed up like a Nazi?”

*****

The cruiser slid to a stop near the smoking remains of Remlap’s garage and Wyatt flipped off the siren but left the cars emergency flashing lights on. The fire was near the front of the structure and was beginning to spread into the large pile of debris behind it. In addition to shingles and a few tons of splintered boards there were quite a few oddities sticking out of the wreckage. A dress makers dummy stood perfectly intact near the top of the pile. It was wearing a shiny blue satin piece of lacy lingerie. Partially under a pile of burning boards, a late 1800's era bicycle- the kind with the enormous front wheel and the little one in back- was on its side. Its big wheel slowly turned in the smoky air.
Burning with a disturbing smile its face was a three foot tall teddy bear with bright blue glass eyes. A giant plastic Santa Claus Christmas decoration peeked out of a pile of shingles with a jolly expression on his face that seemed oddly out of place as the flames steadily crept toward him.
Somewhere buried deep in the wreckage a clock chimed twelve times. And thousands of pieces of paper and photographs fluttered down from the sky, landing over most of the ruined garage.

Deputy Holmes jumped out of the car and ran to the trunk for the fire extinguisher as Wyatt began calling into the debris. “Hello! Can anyone hear me?! This is Captain Wyatt of the sheriff's department! Mrs. Remlap, are you in there?! Call out if you can hear me?!” He listened intently and looked over the confusing jumble of rafters, roofing shingles, and various odd items.
Maria could hear him and also heard something else nearby in the dark crawling through the debris grunting. She yelled, “Get me out of here! Please hurry! There’s something in here trying to kill me!”

Deputy Thomas Holmes heard a woman's terrified voice coming from a gap in the boards. He abandoned the extinguisher, which he realized was never going to stop the fire growing quickly out of control anyway. The fire was too big. It was like trying to put a bandage on someone who had been decapitated.
He shined his flashlight down through a gap in the wreckage and spotted a smoke smudged young lady maybe six feet below. The deputy called down to her, “Hang on!” and began moving broken boards and debris from around the hole. “I found a survivor, over here!” he yelled to the captain.
Wyatt looked over his shoulder toward the trailer park's entrance when he heard the distant sound of gunfire. It sounded like all Hell had broken loose. The gunfire scared more of the birds into flight and the sky was suddenly full of flying black spots. His hand moved automatically to the pistol in its holster at his side as the gunshots continued accompanied by distant screams.
“Shit and double shit!” he swore while running over to help the deputy move boards out of the way. He spoke into his shoulder radio microphone worn on his uniform as he worked. “This is Captain Wyatt! HQ, come in! We got trouble. Can you read?”

*****

I'm in Hell. This has got to be Hell, Minarges thought as he lay sprawled out in the road gingerly feeling his broken ribs.
When the bus hit he'd been lucky. (Well, as lucky as a person can be when hit by a bus) One of the front tires ran over his chest snapping his ribs like dry twigs, but miraculously he was still somehow alive. (In a world of pain, having a hard time breathing, and terrified but alive.)
With trembling hands, he reached for his gun. He pulled it out of the holster and felt close to passing out as he checked the clip.
A high pitched shriek came from his right. He looked down the road and saw Crawford running toward him. Still stretched out on his back, he fired at her insane looking foamy froth covered face. His aim was much better than usual, but the helmet camera she wore was bulletproof as was the one he was wearing.
The bullets ricocheted off the helmet and destroyed the microphone that went with her camera.
As she reached him, he turned the gun back and placed the hot muzzle under his chin pointed at the back of his head. If this has all been a nightmare, I'll wake up and everything will be okay. If this has been real, it won't matter anyway. I will not be turned into a monster. I will not be a some sort of ravenous crazy zombie, he thought bitterly and squeezed the trigger.

The audio and video from their helmet cameras showed what happened next. There was an audible click as he discovered the gun was out of bullets, followed by his last coherent words as Crawford arrived and began biting and tearing at him, “DAMMIT! Okay, fine. Eat me, bitch!”

Shoemaker awoke to gunshots and a colossal headache just before he opened his eyes. He saw half of Sazera's body hanging through the windshield and felt a very tender bump swelling on his forehead. Looking out the bus staircase windows behind him, he spotted several people seeming to aimlessly wander around by the entrance and the trailers.
Crawford was bent over Minarges in the roadway and she was biting and ripping at his body.
It's sort of like some of those dumb movies where people get infected and go kill crazy, he thought while carefully and quietly getting to his feet.
His left wrist was hurt and he suspected it might be broken, but no other bones seemed to be busted. He checked his holster and was relieved to find his gun was still there. Grabbing a chrome railing for support, he climbed into the front storage area of the bus. Looking through his key ring, he crawled to the weapons locker. As he looked for the right key he heard the bus' radio crackling then, “This is Captain Wyatt! HQ, come in HQ! We got trouble. Can you read?”
So, Wyatt's still alive, he thought as he flipped open the lock. He pulled out the twelve gauge shotgun and the box of shells that went with it.
Outside the bus, a scream was answered by several more.
He grabbed the second box of shells as well.
The screams got louder as he quickly loaded the gun.

Shoemaker thought he was seeing things when a young man rode by the wrecked bus on a bicycle, right through the crowd of crazy people at the exit. The young man’s face looked determined as he shouted something. He couldn't understand the words as they merged with the screams. The bike was moving fast. Without a radar speed detector, he guessed that the kid had to be doing sixty miles an hour as he sped up the road.
Crawford was standing up. She looked around and was the last person in the way as the kid pedaled up the hill. Hearing him shouting, she dived for the bicyclist.
Shoemaker prepared to jump out of the bus if she caught him. But the young man was riding like the devil itself was chasing him and easily swerved around her. A few other screaming people started after him, but by the time they reached the part of the road where Minarges stood shakily in the road the bicyclist was already passing the first turn back in the road and still going unbelievably fast.
Wish I had a bike, Shoemaker thought while cradling the shotgun as if it were as precious as a newborn baby.


Years spent riding a bike from town to town had made Jeremiah's leg muscles strong and he felt ready while mounting his ten speed bike where he and Issac hid them yesterday. When he heard the distant gunshots and screams he had a moment of doubt, but it passed as he felt the chain hanging around his neck.
It was a gift his mom gave him when he told her of his plans to travel the country spreading the Good News. The cross hanging on it wasn't made of gold or any other precious metal, and yet what it represented reminded him of the promise he'd made to Charlie to go get help.
He looked up at the beautiful blue sky for a moment and prayed aloud the Twenty-Third Psalm before climbing onto the bike. His legs trembled like a powerful current of electricity was running through the muscles as he pedaled toward the trailer park's exit. He stared across the park at the steep road and repeatedly prayed the same Psalm aloud as his legs pumped faster. At first he barely whispered the prayer but as the exit grew closer he was breathing hard and speaking the words confidently.
When he reached the part of the prayer with the words: “Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: For thou art with me,” he was shouting them. He swerved the bike through the multitude of zombies and ignored them. Jeremiah never felt stronger or better in his life as he pedaled as hard as he could.

It’s possible the horde of undead and infected may have just been too slow to react to the sight of him riding by shouting words they no longer understood. But for Jeremiah, his faith was all the explanation he needed as to why none came close to touching him as he rounded the first turn without slowing at all. The wind blew through his hair and he felt that God had guided him through the worst.
Offering silent heartfelt thanks, he breathed harder riding his bike up the road leading out of the valley. The initial burst of energy left him almost entirely by the time he reached the halfway point to the summit, which is probably the only reason he survived the crash.

His shirt and face were drenched in sweat as he pedaled around a corner of the road.
Jeremiah was distracted by the unexpected sight of a big man carrying a dog in one arm and a sword in the other with a little boy following him. By the time he managed to look away from the unusual group, he had a difficult choice to make: Jump off the bike or ride it down the steep cliff side that he was moments away from going over.
He took a leap of faith and jumped.


Sweat was making his vision blur as it ran into his eyes while the sun baked him inside the old smelly leather coat, but Josey stubbornly trudged on. His ear ached and he wished he could stop and do something about the blood that continued to ooze from the wound the pellet caused. It didn't hurt too much, but the blood attracted a small determined following of flying bugs that seemed drawn to the blood like a magnet to steel.
Billy, looking tired and dejected, followed right behind him.
Josey heard the gunfire coming from somewhere near the park’s entrance and wondered what was going on. His biggest worry was that he hadn't heard any sirens of additional police arriving. Even if they wiped them out, surely they would have called for more police to secure the area, he realized, before stumbling on some slippery sand and almost fell.
Up ahead, he spotted the clearing with the abandoned trailer next to the uncovered well where he'd found the signs of Billy and Boris' earlier passage. Stopping in the shade of the trailer, about twenty feet from the well, he looked cautiously around and didn't see anyone.
“Sorry kid. I’ve got to stop and rest for a couple of minutes,” he said slowly, while gently setting the dog in the shade. Josey stretched and slipped off the overcoat. His coveralls were soaked in sweat and his knee was aching fiercely as he sat down on the wooden steps attached to the trailer by the front door.

Josey pulled a greasy red bandana out of his pocket and tied it around his leg where the man with the meat fork stabbed him earlier. He tied it in a secure, but not too tight, knot and yawned hugely. Leaning back against the trailer door in exhaustion, he closed his eyes.
Billy sat cross-legged next to Boris' head with his rifle resting across his legs. He stroked the dog and looked around listening intently. The screamers all seemed far away and he felt strangely calm while continuing to pet Boris.
“I've got to be the stupidest man alive. I can't believe I went out to find you two without any water. And thirsty as I may be, I don't think that well water would be very good to drink,” Josey grumbled with his eyes still closed, as echoed snarls and growls drifted up from the well.
Billy slipped off his backpack, reached inside, pulled out a nearly full bottle of water and said, “Catch,” before tossing it to Josey.
He caught the bottle, spun off the cap, and started to chug then paused to ask, “Hey kid, you want some of this?”
Billy shook his head and continued to softly stroke the dog's head.
After finishing off the bottle, Josey threw it in the well where the splashes and snarls momentarily increased in volume. He burped loudly and closed his eyes again. “Just give me a few more minutes and then we'll get you home. Okay, kid?”
Billy shrugged and said, “Whatever,” in a small quiet voice.

Josey had never felt so tired in his life. Leaning back against the abandoned trailer he tried to relax. He intended to rest for just a couple of minutes, but when a welcome breeze came in from the west it felt wonderful. He felt the sweat cool and quickly evaporate from his skin and sighed in utter contentment.
Billy heard Josey breathing softly behind him while he looked at Boris and again wished they'd never come out there. He laid his head on the dog’s chest and listened as the brave heart somehow miraculously continued to beat.

A few minutes later, a shadow cast by an enormous man wearing a pair of bright neon pink underwear, and nothing else, staggered his way into the clearing. The man had been dead for more than four days and could have claimed without argument the prize for fattest man living or undead in the trailer park; probably in all of Albuquerque New Mexico as well.
The reason he could win such a dubious award was because even before he died and came back from the dead his driver’s license had an official recorded weight of three hundred and fifty pounds. (This had only been about a hundred and thirty pounds short of the truth.)
In politically correct terminology: He was extremely large and rotund. But to everyone who knew him he was usually just called The Fat Fucker.
His reanimated body's enzymes and various bacteria had been busy breaking down the cells, internal organs, and bodily fluids over the last several days. As a result, a growing mixture of various gases trapped inside his body made him swell up like a balloon. His head had also bloated and expanded so much that it resembled a rotten pumpkin, albeit one with long brown hair, that had been left to rot outside for several weeks after Halloween.

Wandering blindly and aimlessly, he fell over the rusty chain that surrounded the well. Had it been a week earlier he might possibly have had the coordination to avoid what happened next. He flipped over the chain, rolled to the lip of the well and tottered on the edge of the hole.
The impact of his hyper inflated body hitting the ground made a slight flatulence occur.
It was a small sound, but the accompanying aroma was the worst thing that Boris had ever smelled.

The dog that seemed asleep opened an eye and watched as the struggling undead wobbled near the well.
The dead man's swollen belly was so immense that he couldn't get his legs to reach the ground to stand up again. As the zombie's arms and legs flailed around, Boris flicked his tail weakly and growled yet felt too tired to do anything more.
Billy heard the dog's growl and looked up at the exact moment another gust of wind blew the undead fat man in pink underwear onto the well.
The fat zombie's body began rolling around the sides of the well several times.
The sight reminded the boy of basketball games he'd seen where the ball hit the rim and rolls around a few times before finally going in or out. He couldn't help laughing as the zombie eventually stopped rolling with its body stuck like a cork in a bottle over the open well.

Josey awoke instantly, stared in surprise at the unlikely looking zombie cork, and chuckled too. He slowly stood and slipped on his coat again before picking up the sword. “Okay kid, break time's over. We better get moving.”
Billy looked up in confusion as Josey stood and carefully tested his bad leg.
“Aren't you going to stab him?” Billy asked, hopefully.
“I don't think he's going anywhere. Besides he looks pretty pitiful for a zombie,” he said, while bending over to scoop up the dog.
Billy shook his head as he pumped his pellet rifle and took aim. “Pitiful maybe but I'm not leaving it out here where it might get loose again,” he said and fired before Josey could say anything else.

The resultant hole was tiny where the pellet hit him in the bulging belly and for a second it seemed like nothing had happened. Then a sound like a giant balloon deflating filled the air.
The sound made Billy want to laugh, but the accompanying hideous rotting smell made him want to puke. He stood up coughing and chased after Josey who had already started limping away as fast as he could.
“Couldn't leave well enough alone, could ya, kid?”
Billy only smiled as the sound went on for a few more seconds before being followed by a distant splash.

*****

While waiting to hear back from someone on the radio, Captain Wyatt lifted a section of shingles as Thomas leaned into the hole to remove more debris.
Maria coughed loudly and felt sleepy as she listened to the men digging down to her.
Wyatt threw a section of shingles away from the hole and didn't notice the nearby bloody groping hand until it grabbed his shoe. He lost his balance and fell back on top of the large plastic Santa Claus figure, crushing it, but the hand held tightly onto his shoe.
Thomas kept moving boards out of the way and didn't notice the badly mangled nearly skinless hand that Wyatt was staring at.
“Careful Wyatt, the footing is pretty treacherous. Are you alright?” Thomas asked as he turned around holding a jagged piece of wood. His mouth dropped open when he saw the bloody hand pulling on the captain’s shoe.
Wyatt sat stunned on his large butt in the debris as he stared in disbelief at the groping hand.
“Hang on buddy,” Thomas said as he gripped the mostly fleshless hand and pulled the badly injured person out of the pile of shingles.
The fingernails dug into the deputy's wrist as a small avalanche of debris fell away, exposing the man's head which was missing the vast majority of his skull. A bloated brain was nearly completely exposed. It pulsated atop the man's head as he tried to bite the deputy's hand. The bloody fleshless hand had been disturbing enough, but the man it was attached to was a freakish nightmare. From where the eye sockets should have been and up there was just a blackish gray brain and a few small fragments of skull. The man's jaw opened and closed as the teeth continued to try and bite.
“Get back, Thomas,” the captain spoke in a low tone of voice while pulling his pistol out of its holster and fired one well aimed shot at the nearly skull-less man.
The brain deflated like a cake when disturbed while being baked and the man stopped moving.
Wyatt struggled to his feet, slid his gun back into his holster, and once more began moving debris out of the way only slightly faster than before.
Thomas looked back and forth between the captain and the man he'd just shot.
What the Hell? He just murdered someone; right in front of me. He killed that man. He was royally fucked up and probably wouldn't have lived much longer anyway, but- His train of thought derailed at that point. But, what? Hell if I know.

Wyatt looked down the slightly wider hole in the debris and asked the girl, “Can you climb out?”
“I'm pinned under a big piece of wood. My leg is stuck,” she answered between coughs while looking up through the debris.
The hole was just barely big enough for Thomas to squeeze through and he started working his way down into the rubble.
Wyatt keyed his shoulder microphone again, “Albuquerque HQ, this is Captain Wyatt. If you can hear me, we need emergency services out here at Albuquerque Springs Trailer Park and I mean right now!”

Grunting with effort, Thomas used his nightstick for leverage under the beam. The piles of debris groaned and several smaller pieces of wood rained down as the beam lifted enough for her to finally pull her leg free. He wanted to say something, but the increasing smoke made breathing hard and speaking nearly impossible.
Coughing and having a difficult time seeing, Maria hugged him while crying.
The deputy pointed at her then up through the hole.
She nodded and climbed up.
After a few seconds of Thomas pushing from below and Wyatt pulling from above, she was free.

Less than a minute later, Thomas held a water bottle up for her and she gulped at it without spilling a drop until it was completely drained. She sucked at the bottle making the plastic container crush inward before she finally stopped and looked around the devastated garage.
The deputy looked around too and then back at her.
She had an odd expression on her face and raised her hands to cover her mouth, but the enormous belch escaped before she could do so.
“Are they all dead?” She asked, looking at the two policemen with wide frightened eyes.
“Are all who dead?” Thomas asked, as the Wyatt went back to try the car's radio.
She gave him a disgusted look. “The monsters, the-” she paused and appeared embarrassed before whispering, “The zombies. Did you two kill them all?”
“Are you sure you didn't hurt your head?” Thomas asked, looking seriously at her.
“I'm not lying. People have gone crazy here. Some of them died and now they are zombies or... I don't know. It sounds insane, I understand that, but it's all true. Can you just get me out of here, please?”
“I think we better wait for an ambulance.” Thomas said, looking at the top of her head trying to see if she had any possible injury. Her hair was covered in soot, but she didn't have any obvious wounds.
“What about him?” She asked, pointing at the dead man with the deflated brain reclining on some broken boards near the merrily burning plastic Santa Claus decoration. “If he wasn't a monster, why did you shoot him?” Maria looked up at Thomas defiantly.
“I think he was just...um... I think it was just to put him out of his misery. He never could have lasted much longer anyway,” Thomas said in a quiet uncomfortable voice while looking down at his shoes, unable to look her in the eye.
“Don't be stupid. He was already dead when you guys shot him. He was a dead zombie... thingy and moving around. Don't you get it? Why are you so acting so stupid!? We have to get out of here now!” Maria's voice grew louder as she spoke and her last few statements were yells. She tried to stand and staggered in the wreckage of the garage.
“Whoa, easy there, now,” Thomas said, and held her arm so she wouldn't fall.
They heard Wyatt yelling into the handset in the car as Thomas helped lead the girl though the debris.
The deputy's wrist cycled between feeling numb or itchy as he led the way. He glanced down and saw it was red and bleeding lightly. Great, probably got some kind of infection. Stings like a son of a bitch too, probably Tetanus. Oh good for me. I play hero and get to have a bunch of injections at the hospital for the trouble of rescuing a crazy lady who rambles about zombies.

When they got to the hood of the cruiser the captain got out, slid his gun from its holster, and looked around nervously.
“Wyatt?” Thomas asked warily while wondering, Is he going to shoot us now? Has everyone gone crazy today? “What’s going on Brett?” He asked, and placed his hand on his own pistol, secretly worried he might have to shoot his own captain.
“Get the girl in the back of the car. We've got to get out of here, right now,” Captain Wyatt said quietly, staring at the far side of the park.
“It sounded like the Immigration guys had some trouble of their own down there, maybe we should wait for an ambulance and some backup,” Thomas suggested, helping Maria into the cruiser's backseat.
“If I could get a radio signal out of this damn valley I would. According to that Shoemaker guy we need to get out now, while we still can,” Wyatt said, holstering his gun and slipping behind the wheel of the car.

Thomas looked confused as he got in and Wyatt backed the car down the driveway. He wiped his forehead with some napkins and felt a little nauseated while looking down at his slightly bloody wrist, which felt like fire ants were biting it and crawling under the skin. “I don't understand. It’s just a few Mexicans causing all the trouble, right?” Thomas asked, looking at Maria then back at the captain.
“Yes and no. It’s a pack of undead Mexicans coupled with a few undead ICE agents thrown into the mix as well. According to Shoemaker, we just drove into a giant sandbox full of pissed off zombies,” he said without a trace of a smile. Putting the car in gear, Captain Wyatt started driving for the exit.
“I told you so,” Maria said, from the backseat.

*****

The gunshots first slowed then stopped altogether.
Josey heard the bus engine roaring followed by a distant crash.
Boris was still breathing and Billy looked up at him as he paused to consider his options. He looked at the dog and then again at the boy. Licking his parched lips he nervously peered around for any possible attackers. “Let's just get you back to your grandpa. I know he's plenty worried about you,” Josey said, and looked toward the trailer park's exit, unable to see what was going on and not very hopeful.
“I really thought we'd make it out of here. But then we met that dumb stupid snake. We would've made it too if it hadn't gotten in the way,” Billy muttered, as he trudged along behind the big man.
“For what it’s worth, kid, I think what you tried to do was as brave as it was stupid. So, I guess you've got a lot of guts.”
“Are you mad at me?” Billy asked, looking up at Josey.

Josey stopped in the sparse shade of a tall spindly tree and once more looked around for any sign of trouble.
Everything still seemed quiet as he set the dog down in the prairie grass and leaned back against the tree. Reaching into his coveralls pocket, he pulled out one of the colonel's borrowed cigarettes and lit it. Billy started to speak, but he held up a hand in a stop gesture and smoked in silence for nearly a minute. To the boy, the minute seemed like an hour.
Josey inhaled, stared at the blue sky and circling flock of black birds visible through the tree branches and appeared like he was deep in thought. He exhaled some smoke and spoke quietly. “Listen to me, Billy. This is important. I'm not mad at you for sneaking off and trying to go get help. Hell kid, I'm not even as mad as I was about you shooting off part of my ear.
I wasn't kidding about you having guts. Maybe it wasn't the world’s greatest plan, but you showed a lot of courage and determination and did what you thought was right,” Josey said. He looked around again as he finished smoking his cigarette, bent over to ruffle Billy's dirty hair and then picked up the dog again. “You did what you thought was the right thing. If you'd made it to the top of the valley and used my phone to call the police you'd probably be a hero, and just because your plan didn't work out that doesn't make you a bad kid. Hell, Billy, if I ever have a kid, I'd be proud to have one with half the guts you've shown,” Josey said, as he limped toward the colonel's trailer.
“So, even though my plan failed, I won't get in trouble?” Billy asked hopefully, as he walked beside the big man.
“Whoa, kid. I said I admired you for it. What your grandpa and mom might say or do about it... well let’s just say I bet you won't be able to sit on your butt in comfort for at least a week when they're done with you,” Josey said, as he limped into a drainage ditch that he knew passed by the colonel's trailer. He felt they'd been too lucky traveling out in the open for too long and didn't want to be spotted so close to home.
“That's what I was afraid of.” Billy said, looking down and shaking his head as he followed.

*****

Shoemaker was huddled down in the bus stairwell. He saw the squad car approaching in the distance and was preparing to open the door when he heard the broken windshield glass cracking and breaking behind him. He turned in time to see Sazera, with long horrible lacerations all over his face, and his scalp partially peeled back, pulling himself out through the windshield.
It almost appeared as if the bus were giving birth to the world's biggest, craziest, and ugliest baby.
Shoemaker held his breath and pointed the shotgun at his old friend as he continued struggling out through the window. He was tempted to fire but glanced down the road and saw Crawford, Minarges and a good size group of others were wandering around not too far away and quickly changed his mind. Hell, I don't even know if their condition is permanent. They probably could be cured or treated at a hospital if help ever arrives, he thought and looked back at the distant police car.
Sazera grunted loudly and finally pulled himself completely through the shattered windshield. The squad car attracted Sazera's attention. He made a low growl before screaming and sprinting toward the still distant fast moving car.
Several other screams erupted and Shoemaker saw it wasn't just Sazera, but almost everyone was running toward the squad car including Crawford and Minarges. After a few seconds, he pulled open the door of the bus. He half jumped half fell to the dusty ground and moved cautiously toward the wrecked van beside the road.


“This has got to be the biggest fuck-a-doodle ever,” Wyatt said, as he drove toward the exit. “We need to stop by that bus. An agent is in there. Then we are going, as the locals say, adios.”
“Why can't we get the colonel and his boy, Billy? They're just over there,” Maria asked, pointing to the distant trailer with an American flag flapping in the breeze out front.
The squad car swerved around piles of junk and approached the utility building parking lot where Josey's truck was parked.
“First, we need to call for help then we can get everyone out,” Wyatt replied, as he nudged his deputy who seemed dazed and was slumped forward in the passenger seat.
“Come on, Thomas, snap out of it! Get the shotgun ready and unroll your window. We’ve got to give Shoemaker some cover so he can get to us.” Captain Wyatt looked out of the corner of his eye at his partner as he swerved the car around a rusty shopping cart. “Thomas? You okay?”

Maria saw the deputy drooling as he stared out the passenger side window. “Captain, I think something's-” She started to say then shrieked as Thomas dropped the shotgun and began clawing at the metal mesh screen that separated the front from the back of the cruiser. Unable to look away, she saw the whites of his eyes were dark red.
His fingers clawed at the partition and were bleeding as the skin was shredded off by the metal screen like a cheese grater.
The car was filled with screams as Thomas yelled at her and she shrieked back.
“Son of bitch!” Wyatt yelled, as he looked over at his crazed deputy.
Thomas turned when the captain spoke and dove for him. He clutched Wyatt's arm and bit it.
The captain fought back and slammed on the brakes. The cruiser slid to a stop almost even with the back of the utility building.
“Shoot him!” Maria yelled, from the back seat as Wyatt let go of the steering wheel to grapple with the deputy with both hands. The car rocked back and forth as the fight in the front seat increased in ferocity.
Wyatt pulled his gun and with his other hand fought to keep Thomas off of him.
Drooling and gibbering, the deputy grabbed the captain around the neck using both hands.
Wyatt's face turned bright red as he pointed his gun and fired repeatedly at his partner. The shots were deafening inside the car.
Maria covered her ears and closed her eyes while praying fervently.
Thomas flew back against the passenger side door with four smoking holes in his chest plus three more in his neck. He slumped against the shattered passenger window... dead.
“Get him out of the car! Throw him out! He's going to come back like the others,” Maria pleaded, while Wyatt stared in shock at the dead deputy.
The last shots went through Thomas' neck, nearly severing the head from his body, before smashing the window behind him. Through the smashed window, Wyatt saw dozens of men including several in ICE uniforms running toward them.
It was apparent the people would be at the car in less than a minute and the captain stared down at his bleeding arm. His vision swam in and out of focus as he felt more confused. Looking back at the girl in the backseat the growing confusion cleared momentarily. He pressed the rear door lock release button and felt a fiery pain, like a red hot metal spear, throbbing in the center of his head. “Get out, Now!” He growled as his body shook uncontrollably. He held his head in his hands and started to scream louder as the deceased deputy lifted his head and looked over at him.
Maria climbed quickly out of the backseat and ran along the side of the utility building a moment before the squad car sped off with the siren blaring. She reached the rear of the building and stared at Mrs. Remlap's house. The fire was spreading fast across the wooden porch and flames erupted from the windows. Plumes of black smoke rose into the cloudless blue sky as she tried to think.

She sat down on a crate next to a pile of others and considered hiding behind a stack of them. There certainly are enough of them, she thought looking at the pile stacked against the cinder block wall of the building.
The police car siren and screams made it difficult to think clearly.
A shadow moved. She looked up at the top of the wall and spotted a large ugly buzzard squatting on the edge leering back at her. She'd seen enough of the crazy people attack the birds to understand why it was sitting up there, in safety. Careful of her broken fingers, caused by the rat trap, she reached up onto a wooden crate against the wall and climbed. This is so loco. I'm going to fall and break my neck, she thought but kept climbing.
The bird flew off after squawking indignantly at her.
Halfway up to the roof, she heard a grunting sound and stopped climbing.
A man trudged around the corner of the building. From his rotten flesh smell she could tell he'd been dead for quite awhile. He entered the shade of the building and gradually slowed to a stop. He did not look around. He did not look anywhere. He just stopped and swayed slightly back and forth and only seemed to be looking down at his feet.
Maria held very still and tried to be quiet.


Shoemaker slowly and warily crept to the roadside and watched as the cruiser stopped near the utility building and was just beginning to smile when the sound of multiple gunshots rang out.
No. Oh no, come on. This shit ain't even close to being funny, he thought, as someone jumped out of the distant car. He shook his head as the car started forward again and then the siren began blaring. The interior was hard to make out, but he saw a shadowy figure in the passenger seat reaching out of the window.
Shoemaker held the shotgun and squatted behind the rusty van, more than ready to catch a ride out of what he considered to be a nightmare disguised as a trailer park.
The car was moving erratically as it came closer. It sped up then slowed down and swung wildly left and right.
It reminded Shoemaker of kids driving bumper cars. He had a very bad feeling.


The crates creaked ominously under Maria and she heard wood cracking.
The zombie turned and looked at the crates stacked by the wall and shuffled over. The cracking sound grew louder as the stack of crates started to sway.
Ignoring the undead man, Maria climbed faster for the roof. Her uninjured hand reached over the top off the wall and she grabbed a piece of what felt like metal tubing.
The dead man looked up at the crates and saw a blurry moving thing that, as he sniffed the air, smelled alive and delicious. Grunting softly, he grabbed a crate and pulled on it.
She swung a leg onto the top of the wall as the unsteady tower of crates collapsed. The crashing sound was loud, but it was covered partly by the police siren that was starting to give her a headache. She could no longer see the man on the ground, but heard muffled grunts coming from somewhere under the pile of wooden crates.
After getting to the roof she looked at it and said the only thing she could think of that seemed appropriate. “Shit!”
She held onto a broken rafter that was pointing up at the sky while nervously standing up.
The top of the walls were the thickness of a cinder block and the fallen roof was scattered on the floor below.
She considered her very few options. I could just stand around up here until help comes like some dumb cat, climb down into the ruined building, or... she stared at the big silver truck at the front of the building and nodded slightly. She grabbed the next broken rafter and slowly walked along the top of the wall. While cautiously creeping along, she heard the police car picking up speed followed moments later by a loud crash. The siren warbled for several seconds then fell silent. Those poor officers. They saved my life and what was their reward?
Maria believed in God and could never imagine even doubting his existence but couldn't help glancing up at the blue sky with a disturbed expression of her face.

Before the crash, the reanimated remains of Deputy Thomas Holmes and the infected Captain Wyatt had an interesting time.
Captain Wyatt had always been a devout believer in seat belts and required his passengers to buckle up as well, even during such unprecedented and odd times as a zombie uprising.
Thomas pulled himself partially out the passenger side window as the car swung around and crashed into Dead Heads, Screamers, and several piles of junk. The seat belt held him down and frustrated the undead deputy to the point that he started biting at the material strapped across his chest. Gnawing at the seat belt, he growled and kicked at the dashboard while the car continued to move in spastic starts and stops.
Wyatt was equally at a loss for how to remove his seat belt and beat savagely at the steering wheel while kicking his legs frantically in a mindless attempt to get out of the car. His feet slammed down on the gas and brake pedals, first one then the other and finally both at the same time.
The car's engine roared as the loud howling siren only infuriated him further. Seeing Thomas gnawing at his seat belt, the captain punched him in the side of his head and bellowed in furious frustration.
Thomas leaned over and the two officers clawed and bit at each other as Wyatt's foot stomped on the gas pedal.
The tires spun around, smoking as the car sped across the dusty trailer park toward the exit. The remaining tissues holding the deputy's head onto his body tore free as Wyatt yanked on Thomas' hair.
Thomas looked at his captain just before he was flung out the passenger side window. The deputy's head rolled through the dust and landed next to a fairly large abandoned doll's body dressed in a torn pink dress. The deputy's head was in the precise spot where the doll's head would have been if it hadn't been missing.

Wyatt flailed at everything around him as the car went faster. He yanked at the steering wheel and clawed at the ceiling. The driver side visor flipped down as he screamed.
An old faded photograph of his wife, wearing her wedding dress and smiling beside a still pond, was clipped onto the visor.
Captain Wyatt always brought it along on every assignment he was on and never forgot to clip it to the visor. Regardless of how bad a day he was having he would always look at her and remember why he put up with all the crap that came with being a cop. He stared at the photograph and his crimson bleeding eyes widened. He reached out with trembling fingers and made a soft guttural noise as the car sped up the exit road.
The car passed Shoemaker who was hiding behind the wrecked van. The speedometer indicated the cruiser was going sixty eight miles an hour.
Wyatt's bloody fingertips touched the photograph as the car slammed into the back of the Immigration Criminal Enforcement bus.

Shoemaker stared with his mouth hanging open when the car headed for the bus. He saw the deputy's head fly out of the car a few seconds earlier and opened the rear door of the van. There were dozens of people running after the squad car and he realized that his getting out of sight very quickly would be a great idea.
The car struck the bus as Shoemaker climbed into the back of the van.
The gas tank of the bus exploded and the force of the blast slammed the van's door shut. Pieces of the squad car and bus soared into the sky and seconds later several chunks of debris began thumping down on the van's roof.
I'm so fucked, he realized while looking out through one of the dirty rear windows of the van.
The interior of the vehicle reeked of old sweat and marijuana. He sat down on a large plastic five gallon paint can and tried to think as he absently stroked the shotgun.


CHAPTER 15
Home Again & To the Dump

The silver trailer glittered like sterling silver in the nearly noonday sunlight as Josey and Billy climbed out of the drainage ditch they’d spent the last half hour traversing.
“I think Boris needs to go on a diet. My arm's killing me,” Josey whispered, as they looked around the trailer's backyard. It looked deserted and he whispered, “Let’s go and keep your eyes peeled, kid.”
They had only walked a few steps when a man wearing a black uniform came around the far corner of the trailer. He was looking rapidly in all directions and appeared to be an older, sort of lanky man, wearing a bulletproof vest with big white letters spelling ICE on his chest.
“All right,” Josey said, smiling. “Hey, you, don’t shoot! We’re not-” he didn’t get to finish his explanation that they weren’t infected or undead as the man turned, saw them, howled, and started sprinting toward them.
The man in black was moving faster than anyone Josey had seen since coming down in to the valley and even if the scream hadn’t convinced him that he was bad news, his bleeding eyes and outstretched bloody ripped sleeves of his shirt did.

Boris made an indignant woof noise when Josey dropped him to the ground.
He quickly said to Billy, “If you get a chance to get by him, run for the trailer.”
Billy started to say something, but Josey had already stepped forward between him and the onrushing screaming man.
Josey could just make out the name Gilmer stenciled on the ICE agent’s shirt pocket, as he swung the sword and circled away from the boy and dog. “Hey, Gilmer, can you understand me?” he asked, as the lanky man grabbed for him.
They moved further away from Billy as Gilmer seized Josey's arm and leaned forward to bite it.
Josey saw Billy standing between them and the dog while pumping up his rifle even though the boy had an easy escape route to the trailer. He looked for any indication that Gilmer was anything more than a mindless homicidal monster once he'd yanked his arm away and backed away. But as he chewed then spit out the thick leather patch of coat sleeve Josey figured out the answer and swung the sword. It sliced across Gilmer's chest and then feeling incredibly stupid, Josey realized the blade would never cut thru a vest designed to stop bullets.
Crap on a cracker! That's just what we need- bulletproof zombies! he thought backing further away from the boy and dog and trying to keep Gilmer's attention.

Josey pulled back the sword to stab at Gilmer's neck or head, he hadn’t really decided which, when Mrs. Remlap called out through the open back doorway, “Billy! Get your little butt over here and right now, mister!”
In spite of the yelling old lady, Billy focused all his attention and fired the rifle. The boy's aim was excellent and the pellet hit Gilmer squarely in his butt. As the pellet went straight thru his pants the crazed ICE agent screamed loudly and leaped up in the air in surprise.
Turning away from Josey and spotting the boy, he growled.
Billy was already quickly pumping the rifle again as he stood protectively in front of the dog sprawled in the sand.
Had Gilmer not turned after being shot, Josey would have sworn the sword's blade would have hit along his neck. Instead, it hit the back of his head about an inch short of the top and sliced through both skin and hair before the blade briefly scraped along his skull.
Gilmer howled as he ran at the boy. His loose scalp flapped back exposing more of the bloody skull beneath. Blood poured from his head wound, but he didn't seem to notice it. He was moving so fast that Josey knew he would reach the boy before he could catch up. He saw that Billy was aiming for Gilmer's head. Josey wanted to yell for Billy to run away, but felt sure the boy probably wouldn’t go.
He’d only known the kid a little less than a day and yet he knew Billy would rather die than abandon the dog. Plus, he saw how fast Gilmer was running and doubted the boy could even keep pace with him let alone outrun the man. So, he yelled as he limped after him, “No Billy! Not his head. Shoot him in the balls!” While sincerely hoping Gilmer wasn’t wearing a protective cup.
Billy heard the advice, grinned in a somewhat demented way, and aimed lower before squeezing the trigger.
The results were a memory the boy would always remember with more than a touch of a disturbing sadistic smile.
The man that had was once been Gilmer felt the pellet as it burst his scrotum and stumbled in agony before falling and rolling in the dust, with his loose scalp flap hanging down over his face. Groaning a long soft mournful sound, he curled up in a fetal position just a few feet from the boy.
Josey looked around as he limped over, but didn’t see any other attackers in the area and swiftly stabbed the sword down into Gilmer's ear.
The lanky man's body shook for a few seconds then was still.

“I’m just glad you only shot my ear off earlier. Now get your ass in the trailer. I’ll get Boris,” Josey whispered, wiping the blood off the sword on Gilmer’s pants.
They both heard a siren and a fast moving car somewhere nearby.
Billy pointed behind Josey at a police car swerving wildly around the park. He turned and they both stared and watched it being chased by a pack of a few dozen people. Some were obviously Screamers and they ran far ahead of the rest of the pack. But it looked like most of the slower moving Deadheads were chasing it as well. The car was being driven erratically, kicking up clouds of dust and sand, as it picked up speed it was hard to see clearly.
Billy shouted and pointed as it sped toward the exit, “I see Maria! She's over there on the roof! We’ve got to go save her!”
Josey yanked the rifle out of the boy’s hand and picked up the dog. He felt his knee aching and was drenched in sweat again under the heavy coat. The sound of the car's engine roared for a moment more before a loud crash and explosion echoed across the valley.
“Hey! No fair. Gimmee the rifle back. I’ll need it to save her,” Billy said, chasing after Josey who was headed for the backdoor of the trailer.
Mrs. Remlap had a rolling pin clutched tightly in both hands as they hurried to the open back door.
“Come on Billy, move faster,” Josey said wearily, as he limped quickly to the open doorway.
Boris couldn't weigh more than thirty pounds, yet as Josey carried him the dog felt like a sack of concrete with fur.

Billy ran ahead and shouted, “Grandpa! Maria needs help and Josey took my rifle! Make him give it back!”
Phyllis Remlap took one hand off the rolling pin, grabbed Billy’s ear and pulled him off the ground and into the trailer as the boy hollered, “Let go! Owowheyow son of a-!”
Billy was yanked inside and ran crying to his grandpa in the kitchen.
Josey lifted the dog into the trailer and turned to look where the girl stood on the roof of the utility building.
“Now you, get your ass in here,” Mrs. Remlap whispered.
“Not yet, hand me the binoculars for a second and some water bottles. I need to go check and see if Billy's right about something,” he said, gesturing to the old building where his truck sat shining in the noonday sun.

A minute later, Billy was crying loudly inside the trailer as Josey focused the binoculars on the utility building. He stared at a beautiful girl sitting on the top of the wall of the utility building and wondered what she was doing. She was only a few yards from the rear of his truck and apparently staring across the park toward the burning cars and bus by the exit.
She's not going to jump from there. It's got to be at least twelve feet high, he thought.

She looked around to see if anyone was near the truck before jumping down.
Josey gasped in shock when she hit the ground.
She tried to stand and fell back down in the dust. As she crawled toward the truck, Josey swore under his breath and glanced wearily up at Mrs. Remlap.
“Okay, you've wasted enough time, now get in here,” the old woman said quietly.
“I can't,” Josey sighed, while shaking his head. “Hand me a few of those water bottles and lock the door after I go,” he said, and used the binoculars to see what was happening at the park exit. It was hard to see clearly because of the black smoke filling the air near the burning vehicles.
Mrs. Remlap handed him a few water bottles while muttering something about, “Not being a jackass,” as he limped toward his truck.
He looked at the huge fire at the exit and shook his head again. I'm going to die. Maybe the old lady’s right. Maybe I am being a jackass. Maybe I am the stupidest man on the face of the earth, and now I'm probably going to die. Shit, he thought while trying to limp faster. Or... am I actually making the right move?
Again, he felt that time was running out. If armored, heavily armed, police couldn't handle the situation how much longer will it be before some crazy general orders a nuke to be dropped on all of us? Maybe he was letting his imagination run wild, but after the last day and a half he didn't think so. Time was running out. He could feel it.


Shoemaker pumped the shotgun as he exited the van and ran toward the distant truck. He spotted the person creeping along the top of the wall a few minutes earlier and knew from the way they moved that they weren't crazy. When he saw whoever it was fall or jump from the roof he realized they'd be dead if he didn't try and help.
Agent Dudley, watching from the door of one of the trailers, only waited a second after he spotted Shoemaker running before he ran after him. I will not hide here like a coward. It's time to put an end to this nightmare, he thought while reaching up, patted his buttoned shirt pocket and confirmed the phone inside it, before sprinting harder.

Sweat poured into his eyes as Shoemaker ran. He swerved around a pile of rotten lumber and wished his uniform was a lighter color. It's fucking New Mexico! What moronic bureaucrat in Washington D.C. decided black was a good color to wear in this heat? He wondered while running.
Behind the pile of lumber, a bloody little boy who might have been five or six years old wearing a blood splattered yellow smiley face shirt trotted toward him with the remains of a dead bird in one hand and a knife raised in the other.
Oh God! Shoemaker thought and fired at the child's head.
It disintegrated and the small body swayed as the bird and knife fell in the dust and Shoemaker felt he was going to throw up. Seconds after he ran by, he clearly heard the boy's headless body fall with a thud. Trying not to cry he ran on. It was a kid! Just a damn kid! What the Hell is going on?
The world seemed to be spinning and he stumbled forward in shock. Tears were running down his cheeks as he neared the truck.
A movement coming up fast from the left caught his attention. He saw the black uniform and the figure running faster than him and realized whoever it was would reach the girl before he could. Not pausing to think, he took aim and fired the shotgun.

Dudley watched for crazy people as he ran to the girl. So he never even saw Shoemaker shoot him, but he damn well heard and felt it. Hundreds of shotgun pellets hit him along his back and he collapsed face first to the dusty ground. He was sprawled in the dust and through his confusion he knew one thing for certain. Shoemaker shot me! Motherfucker! Then he shuddered and felt his consciousness drifting away. He stared at the industriously crawling ants a few inches from his face then closed his eyes.

Maria was crying and shaking under the rear of the truck when Shoemaker arrived.
“It's okay. My name's Jerry, just relax,” he said, wiping his face and watching the smoke rising from the burning cars and bus.
“My ankle, I think it's broken,” she whispered, as he looked down at it.
“I think you might be right. Just stay calm,” Shoemaker said, slinging the shotgun's strap over his shoulder and picking her up. He carried her to the truck cab and gently got her in the passenger seat.
“They're heading this way,” she gasped, looking behind him.
He closed the passenger door turned and readied the shotgun.
“Yeah, I hear them. Get the truck started!” He shouted.
Damn they're close. Where did they all come from? He wondered, upon recognizing that the closest two were Crawford and Minarges.
They were screaming and moving very fast.
He started firing.

Inside the truck, Maria saw the keys weren’t in the ignition. As Shoemaker started firing, she flipped down the visors and then opened the glove box to search for the keys. She found a pack of cigarettes, a roll of antacids, dozens of receipts, some coins, and dozens of small plastic packets of hot sauce but no keys.

Josey heard the shotgun blast when Shoemaker shot Dudley, as did the group of Screamers and Dead Heads that had begun wandering aimlessly around near the burning cars.
A scream rose out of the crowd followed by others as they turned and ran after the man toting a shotgun. Several of them joined in a chorus of Hellish screams while running.
They're going to beat me to the truck. Damn knee, he thought while half limping and half running toward the truck. Trying to move a little faster, he reached down and patted his pants pocket. He felt the familiar bulge of the key ring.

Shoemaker blasted the charging group, but there were just too damn many. Plus, he hadn't taken into account Minarges and Crawford's bullet proof vests. After they both got back up after being shot, he aimed for their legs and they fell to the ground only yards away. Backing around to the front of the truck while continuing to fire, he felt something grab onto his boot. He looked down and saw a man missing one leg entirely the other one was a mangled bloody mess.
Clutching Shoemaker's boot, the one legged undead man pulled closer and bit into Shoemaker's shin. After hitting him with the barrel, he pointed the shotgun at the man's head and pulled the trigger. It made an anti climatic click sound. The shotgun was empty.
As he reached for his pistol a shadow fell on him. It was a big man and the sun was behind him making his face impossible to see. Shoemaker was still pulling his gun from the holster when there was a swishing sound and a long shiny blade of metal flashed by him and into the head of the man on the ground. 
“You best aim behind you,” Josey said, limping over to stand beside him.
Shoemaker stared at the big man that was wearing a brown leather coat with a bright red swastika armband on the sleeve.
“Name's Josey!” the big, oddly attired, man yelled while stabbing the closest approaching screaming man in the head.
“Jerry! Nice coat, you got a key for this damn truck?!” he yelled back, while taking aim and firing at the approaching hoard of undead. The pistol fired fast, but the people crawling closer on the ground were only seconds away.
“Hell yes! Get your ass inside!” Josey shouted and limped around to the driver side door. He climbed up into the truck cab as Shoemaker backed around to the passenger side door.

A huge, bloody, wild eyed, Sazera ran through the crowd and tackled Shoemaker while he was trying to get into the truck.
Josey climbed in and noticed that the glove box had been opened and ransacked.
“I was looking for a key,” Maria explained, looking uneasily at Josey’s long bloody sword.
Josey slammed the key in the ignition and turned it savagely. The engine coughed as he pumped the gas pedal then roared to life. He yelled, “Jerry! Get in!” at the man he'd recently met.

Shoemaker wanted to get in. He truly did. But Sazera had slammed him against the passenger side door and now others were tearing at him. He felt a sharp pain and saw Crawford had managed to crawl over and was biting at one of his lower legs. Shoemaker continued to fire his gun as his screams joined Sazera's and the others while they dragged him to the ground. He kept pulling the trigger even after the gun was empty and he felt more teeth tearing into his flesh.

Maria clutched the knife she'd found in the Remlap attic and scooted against Josey as she screamed and watched Shoemaker fall.
Josey put the truck in first gear and stomped on the gas pedal. The truck moved a few inches then abruptly stopped. “The damn hose is still hooked up,” he muttered, pushing the gas pedal and releasing the clutch.
It will rip loose. It has got to rip loose. Rip, Damn it! Rip! He thought frantically.
He pushed the accelerator harder and let the clutch out all the way. The back tires of the truck spun in place sending up a great cloud of dust and the smell of burning rubber quickly filled the air.
Maria screamed while Josey kept his foot stamped down on the gas pedal as the crowd began to beat on the truck.
A brick hit the windshield. The impact made a crack appear that ran across its length. Several arms reached in through the broken passenger side window and the truck cab was being rocked side to side by the horde.
Maria scooted as close to Josey as she could without climbing into his lap.
CRAP! The stupid hose won't rip. We’re dead, he realized while keeping his foot pressed firmly on the gas pedal.

Dudley smelled burning rubber, heard an engine roaring, and a lot of screaming. It was all combining to give him a colossal headache. Slitting opening his eyes, he saw the truck's rear tires spinning and heard yells coming from inside the cab. He tried to stand but felt much too tired. Plus, his right leg wouldn't move very much. Closing his eyes, he thought, Damn, can't they just let me die in peace and quiet?
The combined noises were like brilliant flashes of painful light going off in his head. He opened his eyes, spotted a long hose attached to the back of the truck and saw it was responsible for the spinning tires.
Like an anchor on a boat, he dimly thought. Dudley pulled his gun, almost dropped it, heard a woman screaming from inside the truck and took aim. He fired five times before again feeling himself losing consciousness.
The first two bullets missed the hose entirely. The last three hit it; shredding the thick material. Dudley heard the truck moving away as he once more collapsed face first in the dust.

The truck was finally free and sped across the dusty park.
A few zombies managed to hang on to it for awhile before they fell off.
Josey found second gear and turned for the exit. The police car had ruptured the fuel tanks under the bus when it hit. The inferno of burning cars filled the road and the fire had spread to the closest trailer.
He considered ramming the cars anyway and hoping for the best when the wrecked van flipped into the air as its gas tank exploded. The exit was hopelessly clogged by fire and Josey knew it.
Inside the van, gallons of paint thinner added to the bonfire and Josey pounded the steering wheel in frustration.
“What the hell am I supposed to do now?” Josey asked, as they stared at the blocked exit.
“Um... Who are you?” Maria asked.
“I’m Josey and we need to find another way out of this valley. Do you know of another road?” he asked, looking around while driving along the park’s main oval shaped road.
Maria shook her head and winced from the pain of her broken ankle. “I've lived here two years and the only way to drive out is that road. Besides you wouldn't really leave the others would you? There is a little boy and his grandfather who live over there,” she said, pointing at the colonel's trailer.
Josey looked uncomfortable as he said, “Of course not. And, yes, I've met the colonel and Billy. But I've been thinking a lot about how this whole situation reminds me of some movies and even a video game I used to play. The dead would start taking over the world and the government solution was always the same; Drop a nuclear bomb or just shoot everyone whether they were infected or not.”
“This is real life, not some dumb video game. The government would never do something as horrible as that,” she said... looked confused for a second and asked, “Would they?”
“I have no idea, but I do know I don't want to take that chance. Do you?”
“No, but what can we do?”
“Where does that road over there go?” he asked, driving around trying to think what to do next.
“It goes a mile or two to the trash dump and before you ask, there’s no way to drive out down there if that’s what you’re thinking.”
Josey looked at her and said, “I need to think of a plan. And I can't think straight with all these nuts running around screaming.”
Swerving around a trailer that was painted an odd bright neon purple color, he drove up the road to the trash dump. The road was bumpy and climbed slowly. As they went down the other side of the small hill he saw a huge ditch about three quarters of a mile ahead and a big circular turnaround area at the end of the road.
“See,” Maria said, sounding more than a little annoyed. “I told you the road doesn't go anywhere. Now what do we do?”
Josey looked intently around for any people, drove to the end of the road, and turned the truck so it was facing back toward the park. He shut off the engine and laid his forehead against the steering wheel. Still resting, he unrolled his window and sighed as a slight breeze blew through the truck cab.
“Do you hear that?” He asked after a few moments, with his forehead still against the wheel.
“I don't hear anything,” she said, looking outside nervously.
“I know. It's nice, isn't it? Could you reach down there by your foot and grab my lunchbox?” He asked, slowly leaning back in the seat.
“You want to eat, now? Are you serious?” She asked, without moving to get the lunchbox. Her eyes narrowed and her brow furrowed as she stared at the large and apparently crazy man.
“Don't worry. I'll share.” He held out one of the two bottles of water that he pulled out of a coat pocket and smiled at her. His eyes were bloodshot and his hand holding the bottle out to her shook slightly, but his small tired smile was somehow comforting.
Maria found herself inexplicably liking this strange man. She took the water bottle, picked up his dented lunch box from the floor of the truck, and gave it to him.
He opened it and handed her an apple. “I'll split the brownie with you for dessert,” he said, taking his sandwich out of the plastic bag and biting half of it. Closing his eyes, he chewed the day and a half old baloney, cheese and peanut butter sandwich and thought it tasted like the best thing he'd eaten in a long time. He heard Maria bite into the apple and opened an eye. Still slowly chewing, he thought about her. I wonder if she's got a boyfriend. What am I thinking? She's beautiful... of course she's got a boyfriend.

The apple was almost hot from being in the truck all day and it wasn't red like she usually ate, but it was perhaps the best tasting apple Maria had ever eaten. She ate it slowly and tried not to worry. Though it seemed probable this could be her last meal before dying, she also tried to keep from sneaking peeks at the big man sitting next to her.
He's so big. He looks like a wrestler or a football player. I wonder why he drives this stinky truck, she wondered, while subtly trying to see if he had a wedding ring on his finger.

They ate the rest of the lunch in silence. Both lost in their own thoughts as they stared down the dusty road that led back to the trailer park. They saw smoke rising into the flawlessly dark blue sky. A breeze came from the west cooling them as they rested and the same wind dissipated the smoke before it rose very high into the sky. No one outside the valley will see the smoke with the wind blowing it away. Crap! If someone saw the smoke and called for help at least somebody would know how screwed we are, Josey realized.
After he split the chocolate brownie with walnuts and gave her half, he finally broke the silence. “You keep your eyes on the road. If you should see any of them coming this way honk the horn. I’ll be back in just a few minutes,” he said, then shoved his half of the brownie into his mouth.
“What are you going to do? Where are you going?” she asked, grabbing his muscular arm nervously.
He felt an odd thrill run up his arm at her touch. Josey stopped, sipped some water and worked to swallow his dessert while raising a finger as if to say without words wait a second. He wasn't sure, but thought he got goose bumps when she touched his arm. Josey tried to speak, coughed then swallowed the rest of his dessert, took another sip of water, and tried again, “I think I have an idea. If I can find something to cover the windows... just remember to honk if you see any of them coming. I won't be long. I promise,” he said, wishing she'd grab his arm again.
Josey climbed out of the truck, held the sword and limped away in search of anything useful in the trash dump.

*****

A black scorpion several inches long was the first thing the young man saw as he opened his eyes. The second thing was a vulture perched on a speed limit sign looking down at him with a bit more than a casual interest. He was sprawled out on the edge of a steep road and experimentally rolled off his stomach and checked to see if all his aching parts were still intact.
The vulture took flight with a disgusted squawking noise. It preferred less active meals.
Dizziness and nausea made crawling difficult, but after a couple of minutes he made it to the speed limit sign and used the pole to pull himself to a standing position. His face was covered in scrapes and scratches and his nose continued to bleed, but not as much as it did when he slammed head first into the dusty road earlier.
At first he thought it was just a part of his colossal headache but gradually realized it was an actual police car siren he was hearing somewhere in the distance.

He peered around in confusion wishing for a pair of sunglasses. Looking down the road into the valley below, he spotted a squad car being chased by a group of people as it slammed into the back of a bus. His eyes widened when a few seconds later the back of the bus exploded into a fireball that climbed into the sky.
What the heck is going on? He wondered and leaned back against the speed limit pole. The smoke and screams drifting up from the valley below convinced him that going down there was probably a bad idea. Shakily turning around, he started slowly walking up the road.
After nearly half an hour of climbing, he reached the summit of the steep road and saw far off in the distance a little building. It seemed a million miles away as he trudged forward feeling near exhaustion.
A lone tree was not very far off the side of the road. He stared at its inviting shade for a few seconds before staggering toward it. Sitting with his back against the tree the man wearing black pants, white shirt, and black tie pulled a wallet out of his pocket and looked inside. He saw a driver’s license and stared at the picture for a few minutes. The young man in the photograph seemed unfamiliar. He read the name printed on the card then put the wallet back in his pocket and stared at the empty barren sandy landscape stretching away into the distance.
The shade was welcome, but he wished there was some water as he closed his eyes and rested- wondering if he could be the same guy the wallet belonged to. Who is Jeremiah Whitfield? Could that really be my name?


CHAPTER 16
Cops & Doughnuts

In a circular stone fountain with a large statue of a Saguaro cactus in the center that squirted water out of its top, happily splashed a dirty unshaven man that smelled of sweat, extremely unpleasant body odor, whiskey, cigarettes, and farts. He was an older looking skinny man wearing a tattered and sun-bleached pair of blue cut off shorts soaked while walking around inside the fountain with his feet soaking in the cool water.
A lady dressed in fairly expensive looking clothes and pushing a baby stroller purposely avoided looking at the man as she veered away from the fountain and hurried by.
“You got some spare change? Just need some money to get some soup or maybe a taco,” he asked, as she walked quickly away. “You stuck up, bitch. Don't you act like I'm not standing right here. Fine! Take your little bastard son and go whore yourself out again!” He yelled after her.
Reaching into the bottom of the fountain, the man felt around and retrieved four pennies, a dime, and a nickel. He shoved the coins in his pocket and reached down again.

“Hey you, get out of the fountain,” Deputy Bo Autry said, as he quickly walked down the steps in front of the sheriff's department. He put on his toughest meanest look and continued marching down the sidewalk while holding his night stick at his side. “You heard me. Get out of there and I mean now.”
“It's a public fountain. And I can soak my feet if I wanna,” the dirty man said, turning to face the deputy and thrust out his sunken chest so the T-shirt he wore couldn't be missed. It was a faded yellow color with large black lettering printed on the front that spelled out World's Best Fuck.
“I'm not saying it again. This is your last warning. Get out of there, right now,” Bo said, stopping a few feet away while still holding the night stick at his side.
The man swore under his breath, climbed out of the fountain, and slipped into a pair of old filthy purple sandals. “Thought you guys were here to protect and serve. Why don't you serve me up a nice ice cold glass of beer, and maybe a dish of beef burritos?”
“If I see you in there again you will officially be arrested for polluting a public fountain and unofficially for being a sorry excuse of a human being. What’s your name, Bubba?”
“Name is Marcus, and you won't see me again. I'm heading south to a place where it’s more friendly... maybe even Cuba,” the man said sullenly while picking up a ratty looking neon blue backpack.
Bo kept watching as the man settled his backpack, gave him another dirty look, turned, and walked away. “Just keep walking and I mean it. If I see you in there again you'll be extremely sorry.”
“Blah blah blah!” the man shouted over his shoulder as he wandered leisurely away.

“Good job, Bo. I might ask the mayor to give you a medal. Heck, maybe even a parade for heroism if I can swing it,” a chuckling voice said from behind.
Bo turned and looked at Captain Lopez who was walking toward the fountain smoking a cigarette. He dug the toe of his shoe into the pavement acting melodramatically bashful. “Aw shucks, twern't nuthin. Why just this morning, I ran off a troop of Wilderness Scouts selling cookies without a permit. What do I get for that?”
“Maybe a box of thin mint cookies. Listen, if you're done running my ex-wife’s boyfriend off, I need you to take a run out to that trailer park and take Dunn with you. I've been waiting for Wyatt to report in but still haven't heard anything.
He's overdue. So, get on out there and give me a call back when you catch up with them,” Lopez said, looking at the water splashing in the fountain.
“Trouble?” Bo asked, seriously.
Lopez laughed, “I really doubt it. I've known Brett for almost twenty five years and never seen him not be able to take care of business. But his wife's been calling and annoying the piss out of me all morning. I told her I'd send one of my best men out to check up on him. And lucky you, you get to ride along with him. Maybe you can learn a thing or two.”
“So, Dunn is one of your best men?” Bo asked, raising a skeptical eyebrow. “Did you hear that one of your 'best men' fucked up a toilet on purpose this morning? It's a good thing we don't arm the janitors or Earl would have shot him.”
Lopez shook his head and looked disgusted. “Just for the record, no one knows who did it. But off the record, of course I know it was Dunn. I talked with Earl and agreed to have a security camera set up covering the hallway outside the bathrooms. If Dunn leaves it again and it floods we'll fire his lazy pathetic ass. I'll show his uncle the video if he bitches about it.”
“Hidden camera?” Bo asked, smiling.
“Not that Willie ever notices much in the first place, but yes it will be well hidden. Now go play nice with him and get it done. Also have Wyatt give his wife a call. She keeps bugging me. She told me she's been having a bad feeling all morning.”

A squad car pulled up to the curb and Bo said in a grave, but slightly goofy voice, “No problemo, mi capitan,” and quickly hopped into the car's passenger seat. “Onward, Jeeves,” Bo said, after settling in and strapping down his seat belt.
“Don't call me Jeeves,” Willie answered after he finished eating a chocolate doughnut and wiped his sticky hand on his pants.
“Okay, how about if I call you the plumber? I hear you're good with toilets.”
“Shut up,” Willie said, as they drove away.

The microphone handset on his shoulder crackled, “Captain Lopez, you have a call from Dillon at ICE.”
Lopez keyed his mike, “Tell him to hang on, I'll be there in a second,” he answered before flicking the cigarette butt into the fountain and walked back to the sheriff's department.

*****

Maria wrinkled her nose and coughed softly. “How can you stand the smell? Do you really drive this thing for a living?”
Josey was in the midst of duct taping a dented rusty metal road sign over the passenger side window. Wiping sweat from his forehead, he looked at her then back at the road to the trailer park. “Everyone's got to do something. As for the smell, I don’t know... guess I just got used to it,” he said, looking lost in thought while securing the metal sign with another long strip of duct tape. A few seconds passed and he broke the silence. “Do you know when the colonel's trailer was brought here?” he asked, chewing on some nicotine gum and then pulling on the sign to see if it would stay in place. It wiggled a little but it seemed fairly secure.
“What are you talking about?” she asked, watching the dusty road and then rubbing at her eyes.
“Well, if it was recently brought here, like within the last few years, it probably still has tires on it. They'd probably be hidden under it,” he said, carrying the other sign around to the driver side door. “I'm sure it wasn't built here so it must have been towed in sometime, right?” He asked, using the last of the duct tape to strap the sign over his window.
“I don't understand. Even if it had wheels it hasn't got a motor. How would it move?”
He reached into the truck smiling, patted the steering wheel, and said, “I think I have a plan. We drive in, hook his trailer up to the truck, and haul them and ourselves out of here.”
Maria almost said something but wasn't sure what was wrong with his plan. She sipped some water and looked back down the road.

Josey finished securing the driver side door and went back to scavenging through the dump while Maria kept an eye on the dusty deserted road. It was hard to climb over the piles of trash and he missed his old crowbar that fell in the well. He found a rusty shower curtain rod that served fairly well as a walking stick and continued hunting. What the Hell do I expect to find out here, anyway? A machine gun? He wondered while wandering through the trash.
After another minute, he lifted his head and looked back at the truck. It was about a hundred yards away.
It's not the truck. But that sure sounds like a motor. What's going on? Josey thought, listening to the faint chugging of a motor. It wasn’t the truck's engine and it sounded close.
Spotting a trail that ran into some tall shrubs and trees, he whispered, “What the Hell is going on out here?”

Walking slowly and cautiously, he passed a spray painted piece of plywood with words spray painted in both English and Spanish that read GO AWAY OR DIE.
Charlie Farro, I think I finally found your hideaway, Josey thought, with a faint smile on his lips. A few yards further along the heavily overgrown path, he spotted a bloody severed foot inside the steel jaws of a bear trap and a decomposing body a few yards away with the remnants of its head providing a banquet to a swarm of flies and bugs.
He didn't like the situation at all, but the motor sound was much closer. Deciding to take a chance, he walked even more slowly past the body. While advancing, he used the shower curtain rod to prod the ground before stepping forward through the tall prairie grass just in case there might be more traps around. Following a sort of semi-clear path around a gigantic boulder, he glanced back the way he’d come then looked down the path where he was certain a motor was running nearby and stood undecided.

He listened hard and heard voices faint, yet unmistakable. “Gilligan, you lamebrain, that was for the rescue ships to see.” That was followed moments later by a different voice saying, “Sorry skipper.” Then the closing credits music to the classic TV show Gilligan’s Island could be heard.
Josey stepped off the path, continuing toward the sounds while trying to stay under the cover of the shrubs and bushes. He'd almost forgotten to prod ahead for traps and was lucky he hadn't. Josey heard a TV commercial blaring nearby when the shower rod was jerked out of his hand as a loud clank sound came from just in front of him. The metal rod stood upright still slightly shuddering a foot away in a patch of pretty yellow wild flowers.
Holy shit! He thought, as his heart pounded and his entire body shook. Using the sword's blade, he moved the flowers enough to see exactly what he expected; another bear trap. Looking around the edge of a large boulder, he saw a clearing with a double wide trailer sitting in the middle.
Hanging from the roof there was a large Confederate battle flag. A huge morbidly obese woman with long blonde hair was sitting in an electric wheelchair on a wooden porch outside the trailer, holding a shotgun across her lap. She was close enough for him to see her chugging a beer while watching a small flat screen TV sitting under a dark green camouflage awning.

Josey stared at the gun and was thinking hard until a man’s voice came from inside the trailer, through the open doorway. “Dawn Mary, turn that shit off and come help me with the next batch!”
Her voice was loud, deep, and amazingly masculine when she yelled back, “I’m on guard duty, you stupid faggot! There might be more of them damned fucked up wet backs prowling around!” She reached for a package of cookies on the table next to her and continued. “I thought I heard something a while back!”
“Bitch, you couldn’t hear shit with that stupid TV on! Turn it off, yer wasting electricity. The propane won’t last forever. Especially since that shit for brains son of yours still ain't back with the replacement tanks,” the man said, walking outside naked except for his dirty red apron that had the words Kiss the Cook printed across the front. The man was skinny, almost emaciated looking, in Josey’s opinion, and yet he instantly recognized him.
Oh my God, it’s the Redneck Gourmets. Jesus, what's next today? He thought, nearly panicking as he eased back into the foliage. He knew of them from reputation and none of it was good.

Josey's friend, Patrick, had become a Meth addict a few years ago and it was just a few months after he started selling for the Redneck Gourmets that the cops found his body in the alley behind his parent’s house.
Patrick had been such a great guy in high school and his goofiness was legendary. Some kids did mean or dangerous things, but Patrick always came up with the funniest ideas anyone ever heard of. Once, he had a five thousand word essay to do on the long term effects of global warming. He submitted a manila folder that contained five, close up, large, color, pictures he'd taken with a digital camera. The pictures showed teenage girls wearing micro bikinis while they were putting on sunscreen at a pool.
When Mr. Baker, the Science teacher, asked what it was supposed to mean, Patrick just smiled and said, “A picture is worth a thousand words, right? So, those five pictures should be just enough for a five thousand word report.”
Mr. Baker told him right in front of the class that it was “disgraceful,” and announced he would receive an F for the assignment. But Patrick later confided to Josey that the dirty old man worked out a deal to give him an A if he’d secretly take more pictures of girls for him. Mr. Baker was eventually sent to jail for showing up at a promiscuous twelve year old girl's house that he'd met online and been chatting with about sex. Of course, it had been a police ruse used to catch pedophiles.

The last time Josey had seen Patrick was two years earlier at Christmas. He was driving around town in a brand new Corvette. He told his friends how he was going to be the richest bastard in all of Albuquerque. Patrick just laughed when asked what would happen if he were arrested. He bragged about working for a couple of rednecks that he was scamming money from. He would pick up twenty thousand dollars worth of Meth from their kid, named Yugo, and would give the kid two or three thousand dollars and they never seemed to catch on. “It’s their pictures the cops have because they’ve been busted a million times. Me? I’m mister squeaky clean, suburban, all American, sex machine. No one needs to worry about me. The Redneck Gourmets are a couple of inbred morons, they’ll never catch on.” Were the last words Josey heard him say.
Josey shuddered, thinking about how Patrick's body was found. He'd apparently been forced to swallow pennies and then when he couldn’t swallow anymore they must have shoved more down his throat until he died.
There were rumors that the gurney used by the paramedics broke because the penny filled Patrick corpse was too heavy. Also, he heard when the body fell off the gurney it burst open like a piñata spilling coins and his guts all over the alley. The police were sure it was the Redneck Gourmets that were responsible, but they and their kid hadn't been seen in months.
At least not until Josey stumbled across their hidden lair.

Josey heard them continue to argue while trying to quietly follow his trail back the way he’d come.
This is just great! I've got homicidal, cannibal, crazy, zombies on one side and homicidal, devious, merciless, Meth cookers on the other, Josey thought miserably, as he carefully walked back. Every few steps he stopped and looked over his shoulder until he reached the truck.
“Find anything?” Maria asked, yawning and looking tired from the truck’s passenger seat.
“Nothing good,” he answered, then glanced over his shoulder nervously. “Listen, there’s some things I need to do to the back of the truck. You just keep watching. Two things though. Don’t honk the horn if you see them coming, just yell. And keep an eye on the way I just came from, too.”

*****

“I don't need a bath,” Billy whined, as he stood in his torn and dusty clothes.
“You march in there now, mister. And if you aren't spotlessly clean when you get out of that tub, I'll give you another spanking,” Mrs. Remlap said, with both of her hands on her narrow hips while looking severely down at the filthy boy.
Billy grumbled under his breath as he kicked off his boots, went into the small bathroom and closed the door. His butt was still sore where she'd paddled him after he'd hugged his grandpa. She's a mean old lady. That was one thing Billy knew to be undeniable as he lowered himself into the bathtub filled with bubble bath. He'd wanted to keep watching to see what would happen next, but after the truck drove off nothing had. Oh sure, a few guys were wandering around the park but nothing cool like all the gunfire earlier.

“Thanks for giving him a spanking. The little fart scared ten years out of me by wandering off like that. And those were ten years I really can't afford to spare,” Colonel Lester said while leaning over the dog lying on the kitchen floor. He looked at the dog's injured front leg and used his straight razor to shave off the fur around the snake bite.
“God looks out for little children and dumb animals,” she said, looking down at the dirty dog.
Boris looked up and licked the old man’s hand as he worked on his leg.
“This dog may be dumb, but I don't doubt for a second if he hadn't been with Billy I'd never have seen my grandson again,” he said, rubbing the dog's wound with an alcohol soaked washcloth.
Boris whimpered softly as the old man finished cleaning out the wound and wrapped it with a bandage.
“Will he live?” Remlap asked, wandering over to the window and looking outside.
“He's got as good a shot as any of us do, I think,” he said, gently scratching a spot behind the dog's ears. “I suspect he was mostly exhausted. I didn't see too much discoloration around the bite mark so hopefully he didn't get a lethal dose of venom. Of course, I don't know for certain, but it seems to me if he were going to die he'd be dead by now,” he said, as the dog's wagging tail thumped softly against the floor.

*****

Bo drummed his fingers impatiently on the squad car's dashboard. He sighed and watched Willie Dunn standing in line inside Rebekah’s Doughnuts & Treats shop. It felt like he’d been sitting there for thirty minutes since Willie pulled into the parking lot saying, “Just a sec, be right back,” and trudged inside for a midday sugar and cholesterol fix.
Bo pulled his pocket knife out and cleaned some gunk out from under his fingernails as he tried to be patient. After finishing all the fingers on his right hand he looked in the store again. There was only one more customer in front of Willie. It was a middle aged woman who bore a remarkable resemblance to a woman he used to see a lot on TV and always despised. He could only remember her first name: Rosie.
The Rosie lookalike was wearing a leopard skin style pair of spandex pants and a bright purple shirt which swelled out around her stomach. It made her appeared like she was hiding a beach ball under it.
A fat little girl wearing identical clothes to her mom could be heard through the store's window. “Not that kind. I don’t like lemon filled- yadda yadda yadda.”
He tuned out the girl's loud shrill whining voice and started work on cleaning the fingernails of his other hand. After all of them were immaculate, he leaned back saw the big lady pull a checkbook out of her purse and start writing. Bo sighed and looked at the siren switches on the dashboard and felt sorely tempted to flip them on.

The bell on the store's door rang and he looked up.
It was the elephantine mother and daughter coming out. The fat girl carried a big white box and trudged ahead toward a neon-green SUV and then he glanced at the mother that was lumbering after her little girl. (who really wasn't all that little) The mom gave Bo a wave with her jumbo sausage-like fingers, as he read the words I’m not fat- You’re just anorexic, that were printed across her enormous purple shirt.
He waved back with a single flick of his wrist and the mother rewarded his wave with the most nauseating and unsettling wink he’d ever been the recipient of. Bo shuddered slightly and looked back in the store window.

UN-fucking-believable! Bo thought, feeling his head pounding.
Willie had taken a seat on a counter stool. (A stool that was never designed for someone of his generous proportions or weight)
Bo pulled out his cell phone and snapped a picture of Willie’s ass flaps of flab hanging down on either side of the stool. He smiled as he saved the picture with the word Yummy visible on the store's glass window and Willie’s saggy butt perfectly framed just behind it. But his smile faded when the counter girl brought Willie a large cup of milk and set it in front of him.
Bo gritted his teeth as Willie opened a newspaper that was on the counter and started reading while drinking some milk.
“That’s it,” Bo said, flipping on the siren and emergency lights. At the same time he grabbed the handset and flipped the car's speaker to public address mode. “This is the sheriff's department. Come out now or you will get hurt.”
Willie jerked and almost fell off the stool, spilling milk on his shirt in the process.
The counter girl handed him a big white box and he came out a few seconds later giving Bo a dirty look.
He handed Bo the box of doughnuts through the open passenger side window. “What’s the idea of trying to give me a heart attack? I got some for you, too.”
Bo shut off the lights and siren and glanced at the box. “Looks like you got enough for the whole sheriff department. Can we please go now?”
Willie squeezed into the car and backed it out of the parking lot. “It’s not like this trailer park roundup is anything serious. It’s just a waste of time and gas running all the way out there. We could be doing something useful, but no. Hand me one of the cream filled ones, will ya.”

*****

“Here you go, Billy,” the old man said, handing the boy a plate of sliced luncheon meat.
Billy took the plate and sat cross legged beside the dog. Billy's butt still hurt, but he was very happy that Boris would be alright and gave him a strip of heavily processed salty meat.
The colonel went back to stand at the kitchen window beside Phyllis.
“That was the last of the food, wasn't it?” she asked, looking out at the early afternoon landscape made up of derelict trailers, smashed cars, a burning bus, wandering undead, and the smoking funeral pyre that had once been her home.
He sighed and held her hand as they looked outside. “It doesn't matter. We'll be out of here before you know it. I can feel it.” The old man didn't need to turn around to tell that Boris was enjoying his meal. He could hear the steady slapping of the dog's tail against the floor as he and Billy enjoyed what might be their last meal together.
“I hope you're right. Why haven't they come back over to the trailer? They just wander around here and there.”
“There doesn't appear to be many Screamers, the still living crazy folks, around anymore. Hopefully they all died during the shooting. I'd be much more worried if there were still a lot of them. As to the others, I don't believe the Deadheads are really thinking at all. It's just a guess, but I believe they're just operating on some basic level of instinct. They don't seem to remember we're even in here, but I bet if you walked outside and got their attention they'd be up and attacking again. Care to test my theory?”
“No, thank you,” she said, as they turned to watch the boy rubbing the dog's belly.

*****

Josey turned the large wrench and heard the tank on the back of the truck groan. “Almost got it,” he grunted, as the last rusted nut began to turn. The big tank creaked, squeaked, and shifted slightly, yet still stayed on the back of the truck as he tossed the large nut into the trash dump.
Looking nervously back where he'd discovered the Redneck Gourmets hideout, he repressed a shudder. There didn't seem to be any movement in the underbrush that led to their trailer and for that he was grateful. He pulled out the last few pieces of nicotine gum and decided to wait before using one and put them back in his coveralls pocket. Getting up off the empty paint can he'd been using as a stool took a while. All his muscles ached and he felt exhausted.
Testing his bad knee, he limped slowly back to the passenger side of the truck asking, “Is the coast clear?”
“The closest are maybe a little more than half a mile away,” Maria answered, staring out of the open passenger side door.
Josey shielded his eyes and saw them clearly. They were both dressed in black, similar to what Gilmer had worn, and seemed fairly energetic as they stumbled and trotted closer. He estimated they'd be at the truck in less than ten minutes. Sighing heavily, he climbed up into the truck cab and sat down behind the steering wheel.
“Okay, I have the tank loose. When we start rolling it should fall off one side of the truck or the other, after that pulling the colonel's trailer should be easy. But even if the tank doesn’t fall off I’ve got enough chains that we could probably pull it anyway; hopefully, before this valley gets nuked or we get shot or eaten.” He paused and a horrified look came over his face.
“What is it?” She looked around the truck to see if she’d missed something that he'd spotted. “What's wrong?”
“I just had a horrible thought. What if-,” he swallowed hard, “it’s not just down here where the dead are attacking people. What if we pull the trailer all the way up and out of the valley only to discover the situation is just like this up there? What if it’s not just happening down here? If the whole world is being overrun with undead and murderous crazy people what do we do then? Where would we go?”
She smiled and patted his arm. “You worry too much. I don’t think the immigration people would have bothered with me and my neighbors if the whole world was being overrun by monsters. You so Loco.” Her smile faded as she glanced out the truck's back window and appeared doubtful. “Will this plan of yours really work?”
“Want the truth?” he asked while clutching the steering wheel in his trembling hands. “I'll tell you the truth if you really want to hear it, but you might not like it.”
She leaned back in the passenger seat and moved some hair out of her face as she considered. After a few seconds, she shook her head saying, “No, don't tell me the truth.”
“Okay, that's good. In that case, everything will definitely workout- 100% guaranteed,” Josey said confidently, staring at the keys hanging from the ignition.

The sun was directly overhead and the truck felt and smelled like a large stinky oven.
Leaning across the truck's bench seat, Josey sniffed Maria and asked, “You're not wearing perfume, are you?”
“I think the heat must be getting to you, Gringo. And quit sniffing me. This is no time or place for romance,” Maria said blushing, yet unable to keep from smiling. She'd been thinking a lot about this odd young man she had only recently met. He was not much older than her and his brown eyes and hair were very appealing, but the situation was all so insane that she had repeatedly pushed those thoughts away. She glanced over and saw him smiling at her with his boyish face and smiled back, unable to help herself.
“You didn't answer my question. I don't know if it’s just in comparison to the smells coming from the trash dump or the big tank of baked sewage, behind us, but I think you smell nice,” he said, blushing.
Maria looked at him with a confused expression and then stared out the windshield at the distant men trotting toward them.

She didn't answer the question and in the awkward silence that followed he cursed himself for being such an idiot.
Josey rarely had dates since he was a painfully shy young man who never knew what to say to women. On TV and in movies it always looked easy to meet women. He grew so lonely that he'd even tried several online dating companies. Unfortunately, when a woman found out his occupation they avoided him like the plague. But even when a woman seemed interested in Josey invariably things never worked out. His last date had been the most embarrassing event in his life and until meeting Maria, in the midst of a zombie outbreak, he hadn't even had the nerve to try speaking to women.


Having heard some people talk about a classified ads website he gave it a try. After he sent out dozens of email messages, he finally found a girl his age who seemed interested in him. She said her name was Amanda and she wanted to meet him at a club downtown. She apologized for not sending him a photograph and explained that she was very shy.
He sent a photograph of himself from the days when he played football.
She wrote back a note that he looked very sexy.
Josey decided to take a chance in part because she seemed very nice in her messages, but mostly because he had just felt so damn lonely. She wrote that she'd be the girl wearing the white knee high socks and plaid skirt with a green shirt.
They were to meet at a noisy dimly lit club which had an annoying sound system with speakers playing heavy bass so loud that the floor vibrated.
After paying far too much money for a can of beer, Josey leaned against a wall and tried to look cool. He waited for a few minutes sipping his drink and hoping she would show up.
Eventually, across the dance floor a girl matching Amanda's description moved toward him. She was tall, almost Josey's height.
In the back of his mind, he thought about how big and tall their children would be if things worked out. Her face wasn't beautiful, but Amanda had a deep sultry voice when she spoke. “Hi, you must be Josey,” she said, smiling shyly.
“Hi, yeah, it’s good to finally see you,” Josey said, smiling back.

After a few minutes of small talk she asked if he wanted to go somewhere quieter, where they could be alone.
Josey readily agreed and they went for a drive.
“It's hard to meet guys like you, Josey,” she said, sitting in the passenger seat.
“Well you found me now,” he said, parking his car in a deserted place he had taken girls on rare dates before. The night sky was pin pricked with countless shining stars twinkling. It seemed like everything needed for a romantic evening.
“I'm drug and disease free, you know,” she whispered then giggled.
“Well, that's always good to know,” he responded, unsure she meant what he hoped she did.
“And I go both ways too, if you like that,” she said, leaning closer while putting her hand on his muscular upper thigh.
“So you're bisexual. That's cool. Of course, after one time with me I bet you'll only be interested in guys,” Josey answered, as he covered her large soft hand with his.
Amanda cleared her throat. “You did read my description online where it said I’m a cross dresser right?” She pulled her hand away and suddenly appeared very serious.
Josey was perplexed and wondered what she meant. There was a long awkward pause that followed.
“You know I'm a man, right?” Amanda asked, dropping his falsetto voice in exchange for a deep manly voice.
“You're what!?” Josey asked, pulling away.
Amanda sighed and shook her/his head. “I guess the wording in my ad needs work. I thought my name was hint enough; A-Man-Duh.”
“Yeah, uh... you should definitely work on that,” Josey said, starting the car and driving back toward the nightclub.
The ride back only took ten minutes, but it felt like it was the longest most uncomfortable time in his life.

“Sure you wouldn't like to try it? You might like it,” Amanda asked, before getting out of the car.
“Listen, you seem like a nice girl- uh guy, but I just don't think it would-” He wasn't sure how to say it, so Amanda said it for him. “I'm just not your type. It's okay. You're a sweetie and I know you'll find a girl somewhere, someday. Probably sometime and someplace when you least expect it,” Amanda said, then got out of the car and went back into the club.

That was Josey's last date.
It had been six months since he'd spent as much time alone with a girl as he had with Maria. (Though technically and biologically, Amanda hadn't been a girl at all)
He felt like an idiot and replayed the last thing he'd said before Maria gave him the weird look and stopped talking. Oh, for crap's sake. I didn't actually tell her she smelled better than a truck full of sewage and a trash dump, did I? Why am I such an idiot?
Maria saw he was trembling and his left leg was rapidly bouncing up and down as Josey looked ahead at the road that led back to the trailer park. She realized he was nervous and wasn't sure if it was because of a valley full of zombies awaited them or because he was sitting with her. He was tapping his fingers on the steering wheel as a faint breeze blew in across the dump. “You have the strangest way of giving a compliment, Josey,” she finally said, smiling at him. “Now, may I ask you a stupid question?”
“It’s the only kind I ever ask, so go for it,” he said, turning to look at her.
“It’s a silly question and I will probably regret asking.” She cleared her throat and asked, “Josey are you married or in love with anyone?”
“That's not a stupid question.” He cleared his throat and rambled awkwardly onward. “A stupid question is something like Do you want fries with that? when you’re at the drive thru.”
Another awkward moment passed before he smiled at her. “The truth is I wanted to ask you the same question. The answer on my part is no. I'm just trying to make my way in the world alone.”
She smiled at him, reached over took his big hand off the steering wheel and held it gently. “I don't wear perfume and also have been alone for a long time.”

Josey had never been good at talking with women especially ones as pretty as Maria. He invariably said something stupid or had tried too hard to impress them. He scooted across the bench seat a little bit and kissed her softly as the breeze from the trash dump increased.
She kissed him back feeling if this was truly the last day of her life what better way could she spend it than with a sweet man, who thought that she smelled nicer than a sewage truck and trash dump combined. And to think, some people say romance is dead, she thought and almost giggled.
It was the nicest time either of them had ever spent with anyone. A kiss and less than a minute's embrace was all it was, but it was very nice. Sometimes it’s not the quantity of time spent with someone that truly matters, it's the quality.
When Josey scooted back to the driver’s side of the bench seat, he held the ignition key ready to turn and smiled at her. “Just remember one thing, Maria. I always keep my promises. When I said my plan would work, 100% guaranteed, I meant it. Just promise me one thing,” he said, staring at the running figures dressed in black a few dozen yards away staggering down the road toward them.
“What is it, Josey?” She asked, with slight tremble in her voice.
“When this is all over and we're safe. Promise me that-” He stammered trying to find the right words. “We... you and I that is, um... we will-” He faltered miserably and let the words die on his lips while his mind screamed, I'm such an idiot!
“Josey, when we get out of here, I promise that we will see what we have together. You seem like a good, tender, and brave man and for what it’s worth I think I might- just might, like being with you. From there, we'll see what happens.”

He started and revved the truck's engine feeling like his heart had expanded to twice its normal size. He smiled at her for a second more then slipped the transmission into gear and floored the gas pedal.
The truck left a plume of dust in its wake as it sped toward the two dirty figures stumbling along the road.
“Do you like pizza?” he asked, as the truck hit one of the men with the name Puckett written just above three large letters that said I-C-E on his shirt.
Puckett spun around and knocked over another man dressed identically except for his name, which read Hadden.
“Yes, but without onions. Watch the road, please,” she said, buckling her seat belt. Maria had been so pleasantly distracted that she'd almost forgotten the worst was yet to come. She held her small silver Crucifix and began to silently pray.

Hadden and Puckett were hurled into the piles of trash beside the dirt road.
Puckett looked at the trail of dust in the air that the departing truck had created and growled. He was tired and angry after following them, like a dog chasing a garbage truck, only to have it drive away at the last second. A sudden sharp pain shot up his leg. He looked down and saw Hadden gnawing at it.
He screamed and kicked Hadden in the face with his other leg. A long strip of bloody flesh tore free from his shin and Hadden quickly chewed and swallowed it.
Puckett took the opportunity to hobble away while both grunting and bleeding.
Hadden must have enjoyed the way his fellow ICE agent tasted because he chased Puckett across the dump. After a few yards he quickly caught up and sprang on his back. The fight continued for several more minutes and ranged over a large area of the dump. They fought fiercely until Hadden tackled Puckett and sat on top of him while chomping off a couple of his fingers.
Puckett screamed and rolled loose as Hadden chewed and swallowed the fingers; bones and all.
Puckett ran at Hadden with a rock held in his hand that still had all five fingers then stopped just before bashing him in the head. He tilted his head and listened.
Hadden stood up and heard the sounds too.
Their recent somewhat violent disagreement forgotten, they followed the sounds coming from the nearby woods.

Randy Wallace breathed through his respirator mask as he poured out his latest batch of Methamphetamine crystals onto an aluminum cooling tray. The glass-like shards twinkled under the florescent lights like cloudy diamonds; The only the kind of diamonds that could be home grown. He turned on the exhaust fan, separated and weighed his latest creations into one pound plastic bags. Randy laid them on the growing stack of other bags awaiting the arrival of the long overdue son, Yugo.
He slipped the respirator partly off, sniffed the air experimentally, then removed it completely and left it on the counter. He took a few small shards of his new batch for quality assurance testing and looked in the mirror. “Who's the chef, baby?” He asked, staring at the dark dull nubbins that remained of his teeth. They had been worn away to just a few pieces of deeply stained yellow and blackened enamel. “Gotta get these suckers capped someday so I'll be as pretty as I feel.” He winked at himself in the mirror and took the sample crystals into the living room.

Looking over his extensive collection of glass pipes on the shelves by the big screen TV, he silently debated which one to use. There were a dozen pretty ones, that were liquid filled glass to help cool down the smoke, but he passed them by. His stepson, Yugo, gave some of them to him last Christmas. They were the nicest presents Randy had ever received. But he passed by the pipes with another brief thought where the boy had gone off to, but like most of his thoughts it was brief and ill formed.
He smiled at his favorite pipe. It was shaped from red blown glass and been specially made in Mexico at a cost of a little over a thousand dollars, which he thought was well justified. Randy paid the glass blower to make a beautiful pipe that looked like a large red dragon with green eyes.
“We meet again, Smaug,” he said, holding it gently as he sat on the dirty couch and made himself comfortable.
Randy had been a Tolkien fan since his early teens and grew up using almost every known type of drug known to modern man. Smaug, the villainous dragon from the book The Hobbit, was one of Randy's greatest literary heroes and as he stuffed crystal shards of Meth into the dragon's open mouth he giggled.

He was truly a well rounded expert on all things drug related and quickly prepared his new batch for the only true test that mattered: The taste test.
Unfortunately, Dawn Mary was ruining the mood with her damn TV blaring outside on the porch. From the sounds of swearing and gunfire he knew she had to be watching the DVD of Scarface, yet again. She must have watched that movie every damn day for the last twelve years, he thought, shaking his head. He could tell the film was closing in on the climactic scene where all the gunmen attacked Tony and ultimately bring him down.
Dawn Mary is a stupid fat cow, but she's my cow and if watching that damn movie makes her happy so be it, he thought, while shoving a small pair of foam earplugs into his ears so he wouldn't be annoyed by the noise. Using a lighter shaped like a multicolored mushroom, he lit the meth crystals while staring into Smaug's glowing red mouth and sucked the dragon's tail.

Sitting in her custom made motorized wheelchair, Dawn Mary cackled as she stared raptly at the small flat screen TV. Tony in Scarface, as played by Al Pacino, was about to say the best line in the whole movie. Dawn Mary rocked back and forth in her wheelchair that Yugo had pimped out last Christmas. It cost quite a bit of money and she loved it.
It had rhinestone and mirrored wheel covers that made her feel like a queen in a royal chariot. Plus, he installed bright neon sparkle lights under the armrests and on the back. She would sometimes flip on the lights and do her version of dancing- which consisted of spinning her chair in a circle while playing Dancing Queen on the stereo. It was her favorite song by a musical group called ABBA.
The best part of her wheelchair was something she only saw after unbuckling the seat belt and climbing into bed. It was a yellow square that looked like the annoying ones that many overanxious mothers would put in the back of their minivans years ago that read Baby on Board. She always felt tempted, whenever spotting such annoying signs, to crash into those cars on general principle. Her little yellow square was the same style and size as the original version except hers had the words Bitch on Board, instead.
Her son also put a bumper sticker with the words From zero to bitch in 2.5 seconds on the back of the chair. The motor even had a special toggle switch that could make the chair go almost twenty miles an hour.
It moved a lot faster than she ever did before the doctors removed most of her legs last year. The amputations were a result of her unchecked rampant Diabetes. She also lost a few fingers as a result of untreated necrosis which eventually led to gangrene. The loss of feeling in her fingers and feet at first just made her mad, but as more parts of her body had to be sliced off she sometimes briefly thought about going on a diet.
She had a stack of dusty exercise DVDs by the TV in the living room and most of them were still sealed in their plastic wrappers. Besides, the rare thought of losing weight usually melted away when she enjoyed her daily diet of candy bars and sugary sodas.

Dawn Mary stared raptly at the TV on the porch.
Tony was holding his big gun.
She quickly shoved the rest of a candy bar in her mouth and chewed. Holding the shotgun up, pointing it at the sky, she shouted along with Tony as he said her favorite line in the movie, “Say hello to my little friend!”
She fired both barrels, reached into her bright neon pink fanny pack (tastefully decorated with a cartoon picture of Elmer Fudd in his hunting outfit) pulled out two more shells and quickly reloaded. Firing repeatedly in almost perfect tandem with the movie, her multiple chins shook like small earthquakes as she laughed and reloaded over and over.
With all the noise, she never even heard former ICE agents Hadden and Puckett screaming in the distance as they ran toward the Redneck Gourmet's 'fortress of solitude' until it was much too late.

Dawn Mary turned off the TV when her hero Tony fell into the bloody fountain and wiped at her crying eyes with the hem of her shirt while wondering what 'numb nuts' was up to inside. She yawned hugely, pushed the joystick that controlled her wheelchair and started for the open doorway of the trailer.
But as the chair turned, she heard a scream followed by another echoing from somewhere nearby. She spun the chair all the way around, paused to look back at the TV, and realized the screams weren't coming from it.
“Crap on a cracker!” she shouted, after spotting the two uniformed agents running across the trailer's trash strewn yard. She yelled over her shoulder, “Randy! Get your skinny ass out here! We got visitors!”
Raising the shotgun as the uniformed strangers ran toward her, she shouted, “Howdy, fuckers!” and pulled the trigger.
When the gun failed to fire, she screamed, “Fudge puppies!” and reached quickly for more shells. She managed to slide in one shell as they jumped and climbed over the porch's wooden railing.
There was no need to aim the shotgun with targets as close as the two men were.
She pointed and fired at Puckett. The blast hit him in the chest, hurled him off his feet, through the air and back off the porch.
Her chair was violently rocked and nearly knocked over onto its side when Hadden collided with it and grabbed onto her. Had she not been wearing the seat belt, Dawn Mary would undoubtedly have fallen out of the chair. She was reloading when he bit her chest while wrapping his hands tightly around her thick flabby neck and squeezed.
Unable to breathe, she managed to slide another shell into the shotgun. But Hadden was too close to fire at as he bit through her shirt and gnawed at the soft flabby skin underneath. Pulling the wheelchair's joystick she backed up quickly, dragging along the chest biter with her for a second before he tumbled to the porch.
Gasping for air, she fired at the man who had not just bitten her breast but actually chewed off part of the nipple and the skin surrounding it.

The blast sent Hadden flying back across the porch, knocking over the TV with a crash.
Not waiting another second, she drove the chair straight through the trailer's open doorway bellowing. She turned the chair and looked outside in confusion as she slammed the door shut. Both of the men were up and running toward the door. She reached for the heavy metal security bar and slid it into the metal brackets mounted on the walls.
Blood poured down her chest as she hollered for Randy again. “Where the fuck are you, numb nuts!? We got bug-shit-crazy, bulletproof, cannibal, cops all over the front yard!” She drove into the half of the trailer where he cooked the Meth but didn't see him. Driving her chair to the first aid kit hanging on the wall, Dawn Mary shrieked again as she heard the men beating on the door.
Randy walked into his lab, looking agitated and excited, asking, “What is it? Who's beating on the door? And what the fuck happened to you?”
Dawn Mary felt queasy but managed to say, “Crazy cop fuckers done bit off my titty,” before groaning in a way that reminded Randy of how a sick cow sounded.
“I'll be right back and fix you up. But first, I need to answer the door,” he said then paused to kiss his wife on the forehead before running from the lab.

Randy went straight the closet, flung open the door, and pulled out a Heckler-Koch G36 Commando Assault Rifle he purchased for home defense while visiting friends in Juarez Mexico. After confirming it had a full clip already in place, he grabbed two extra clips and put them in his apron pockets.
He quickly slipped on his bullet proof vest, he got out of the trunk of a deputy’s car after he blew his head off for stopping him for speeding. “Don't worry, sugar tits. I got this,” he confidently called into the lab and hurried out to meet the guests.
Randy smiled as he heard someone beating on the door.
He slid back the weapon's firing bolt, placed his finger over the trigger, threw open the security bar, and yanked open the door.

Puckett had his fists raised with a surprised look on his face when the door opened. Hadden had been bent over repeatedly ramming the door with his helmeted head.
Randy squeezed the trigger. A loud, rapid firing, string of thirty bullets nearly instantaneously reduced Puckett's head to a fine cherry red mist of blood mixed with his shredded skull and brain in less than three seconds.
Hadden was surprised when the door opened and stumbled past Randy as he was firing.
Puckett's headless body wobbled, but didn't fall, while Randy yanked out the empty clip and slammed in a fresh one.
He slid back the bolt again and turned around looking for the one who ran past him when Puckett's body finally gave in to the forces of gravity and collapsed onto the porch with a thud.
The man that ran past him had disappeared.
Randy held the gun ready and checked the living room.
Only his pipe Smaug lurked there.
Randy heard breaking glass from behind him, shouted, “Shit!” and ran back toward his Meth kitchen. He ran past the little wooden sign hanging over the archway leading to his lab. The sign had the words No matter where I serve my guests it seems they like my kitchen best, painted on it.

Running into the lab, he didn't know where to look first.
Dawn Mary was convulsing in her chair as it spun around colliding into the worktables and knocking over bottles of a wide variety of toxic and highly volatile chemicals. Her neon twinkle lights flashed as the chair spun around faster. She furiously hit the arms of her chair and screamed as it went even faster.
Randy ran for his respirator mask sitting on the table as a gas cloud quickly formed from the broken bottles contents. He adjusted the seal and breathed through the mask, staring in wide-eyed shock at the senseless devastation wrought upon his beloved laboratory.
Dawn Mary howled and coughed as her chair was swallowed up by the gas cloud, which became as thick as a London fog bank.
The chair's lights continued to flash as it spun in a tight circle even after her scream ended in a horrible wet gurgling noise.
Randy's skin felt like it was on fire and he ran for the exhaust fan switch on the wall. Flipping the switch, he tried to see through the fog of toxic gases which even with the fan on still seemed to be growing thicker.

He spotted someone walking through the gas cloud, knew it wasn't his beloved cow Dawn Mary, and fired.
Hadden tried to scream as he turned to run at the man. The caustic chemical gases left him nearly blind as they burned his eyes, but what came out of his mouth was little more than a phlegmatic wheeze rather than a scream. He collapsed more from the combination of corrosive gases that destroyed his lungs than the bullets that struck his body.
Randy kept firing at the man even after he fell to the floor.
A ricochet hit one of the recessed florescent ceiling lights which exploded in a shower of sparks. The sparks were very few in number yet more than sufficient to ignite the highly flammable gas cloud. Randy tried to scream as the gases exploded but as with most things in life there just wasn't time.
The lair of the Redneck Gourmets exploded with a concussive blast heard for several miles around.

*****

“I want an Icee!” A little girl in the back seat of a van screamed through the open window.
Her father ignored the impolite request and continued looking under the hood. He heard a distant sound that might have been thunder but ignored it. There were much more pressing concerns than worrying about thunder on a cloudless day.
The check engine light had lit up and the temperature gauge had been climbing steadily into the red zone on the van's dashboard for the last thirty minutes. That's when he pulled into the parking lot of a remote and extremely nasty looking convenience store.
Looking in utter bewilderment under the hood, he silently cursed his wife for suggesting their stupid cross country adventure. If this were his old 1970 El Camino, he had back in high school, he'd be able to identify and fix the problem in just a few minutes. But the van's engine looked more like it belonged in a spaceship than a car. There was no carburetor that he could see, no belts he could easily reach, and more wires than grains of sand in the desert, he thought in disgust before slamming the hood down.

“Hey, grumpy bear. Be a sweetheart. Go get Amber and me a couple of Icees. And see if they have any of that fudge the Indians make, like they had at that reservation in Nevada,” his wife, Mercedes, called out from the front passenger seat.
He silently turned and walked past the overflowing trashcan toward the store's front door.
“Ow! Son of a bitch!” he yelled as squadrons of yellow jackets and wasps attacked his skinny pale legs. He jumped back using his floppy hat to shoo them away and exposed the bright pink patch of skin in the middle of his sizable bald spot.
“Watch your language, grumpy bear,” his wife called as his daughter cackled loudly from the van's backseat.
“Look mommy. I got daddy cussing and jumping around on my video camera. I'm going to put it on the internet when we get home,” he heard his daughter saying before going inside the store.

“Beer’s in the cooler,” said a woman behind the counter wearing a name tag that suggested her name was Daphne.
The store wasn't cool, but it felt much better than it did outside.
“Do you have an Icee machine?” he asked, looking hopefully around the store.
“Sure do. I keep it up my ass. All I got is what you can see, crazy legs,” she said, laughing and gesturing at her roadside empire.
He wandered down the aisles picking out an assortment of candy bars, considered asking about the fucking Indian fudge but felt certain that Daphne would probably tell him it was up her ass as well and settled for some cans of cold soda. As he walked by the beer section, he stopped and pulled out three cans of his favorite brand. Setting his selection of goodies on the counter, he smiled at the cashier. “Yes ma'am, uh, do you happen to know where the closest mechanic might be?”
Daphne began ringing up the items and asked, “Closest? Or the one closest that might be able to fix your ride? That will be seventeen dollars and forty five cents,” she said, with a smug smirk.
He handed her an ATM card and she handed it right back, saying, “Sorry cash only. It's store policy.”
He looked in the hidey holes of his wallet until discovering and fishing out a hundred dollar bill. “Okay, here,” he said, placing the cash on the counter. “And as to the mechanic, I need one that can fix it and who is also the closest.”
She left the hundred dollar bill sitting on the counter and gave him a look she saved for extra special idiots. “You poor thing, it must be difficult going through life illiterate,” she said sarcastically, while gesturing at an old badly stained piece of paper taped on the wall beside a framed one dollar bill and a one peso note with the words: No bills over 50 dollars, printed on it.

As he read the sign, he heard his wife honking the van's horn. He stood up straight closed his eyes and counted to ten. He was about to open his eyes when he heard the horn blaring outside again. Deciding twenty might be better, he continued to count. Breathing deep with his eyes still tightly shut, he couldn’t see Daphne’s initial look of confusion melt into an ear splitting grin as she sat on her stool and watched thinking, This is the most fun I’ve had in more than a month.
Opening his eyes, he smiled with considerable effort and said, “Look, Daphne, how about we make a deal? You call the closest qualified mechanic. Have him come out here as fast as possible and you can just keep the change.”
Daphne quickly bagged up his items while grinning at him and made the hundred dollar bill disappear as if by magic. “I'll have my cousin, Brandon, down here in two shakes of a rattlesnake’s ass. He used to work as a mechanic at a dealership in town until it went out of business. Go enjoy your snacks. I'll have him here in no time,” she said, reaching for the phone.

He carried out the bag of groceries and handed out the various goodies after proudly announcing that a mechanic was on the way.
“This isn't an Icee. Yuck,” his darling daughter complained from the back seat as he popped the top and sipped from his can of beer.
“Did you get the Indian fudge? I bet you didn't even look for it,” Mercedes said angrily before opening the door and climbing out. “That’s just fine! Go ahead, sit there swilling beer while I go into that wretched little store and do your job for you,” she screeched at him before marching across the pavement to the door and screamed as a small squadron of angry yellow jackets attacked her.
He grinned as she went inside, sipped some more beer and then stared thoughtfully at the blue sky. Is it really my job to find and deliver fudge- scratch that- Fucking Indian-made fudge and Icees to my ungrateful family? Is this what I went to medical school for?
He smiled and thought about having new business cards made up. Doctor Pedro Alvarez, part time surgeon, full time procurer of fucking Indian fudge. Chuckling quietly, he finished the first beer and popped open the second can.

“Daddy, it's hot,” his daughter whined from the backseat.
“You truly have a gift for understatement, pudding head,” he said, taking a small sip and looking around at the miles of desert in all directions. Something caught his eye and he called back to his daughter, “If you think you're hot, how do you think that idiot over there feels?”
“What idiot, daddy?”
“That nut over there,” he said while pointing at a man, wearing black pants and a white shirt with a tie, trudging slowly across the shimmering sand toward the store.


CHAPTER 17
Hell's Water Balloon

“Did you guys hear that?” Billy asked, looking up from the floor where he sat cross legged next to the dog and the house he was building out of playing cards.
Colonel William Lester and Mrs. Phyliss Remlap had been sipping coffee at the dinette table talking softly. They both fell silent and listened intently. Even Boris lifted an ear and cocked his head. His tail started twitching slowly at first but then faster as they all listened.
“I don't hear-” Remlap began.
“Shush,” the old man said as he went to the window and listened. Far off in the distance he heard an air horn blowing over and over.
Billy jumped up off the floor, nearly knocking down the playing card house he'd been building, and ran to the kitchen window. It was a challenge to take a deck of playing cards and create a building by leaning them against each other. But his grandpa wanted him to do something quiet so Billy built and rebuilt. The structure he had nearly completed would never have been approved by any architectural firm, yet it reached up almost four levels high and was the best he'd managed to construct all afternoon.

“It's a horn and I think it's getting louder,” Billy said, as he joined them at the kitchen window.
Boris jumped up with his front paws on the window sill as they all stared and listened.
“Boy, don't let that dog leave paw prints on the window sill. Just look at how dirty his paws are,” Mrs. Remlap said, and then looked out the window.
The old man finished off his tepid cup of coffee, belched, then picked up his binoculars and peered through them as he adjusted the focus knob.
They all heard the air horn growing undeniably louder.
As he stared across the trailer park, the old man saw several wandering figures pause and look toward the east. A large plume of dust was visible coming from the trash dump, and it grew bigger by the second.
“It's got to be Josey,” he said, watching the trail of dust coming closer. He caught a brief glimpse of shiny metal flashing through the trees and underbrush.
Then from behind a trailer that had partially collapsed years ago, the truck burst out of the dump road and turned right. It ran over a slowly walking figure, but it was too far away to make out any other details.
“What do you see?” Billy asked impatiently, looking where his grandpa stared.
“It's Josey and I see someone else in the truck. I think it may be Maria. What the Hell is he doing?” He asked, watching the truck swerve and miss a few men who had been running toward it.
The truck rolled into a sizable open space that was near where the Remlap house had been. But the building had been reduced to just a smoldering pile of ashes by then. The truck turned and started going in a sharp circle as the horn continued to sound.
Only a few of the undead seemed not to notice the noise and commotion. The rest ran toward the truck as it continued to move in a sharp circle.
“Is he going in circles? What’s wrong with him, is he crazy?” Remlap asked, staring out the window.
“I have no idea why, but you're right he's just circling over and over,” the colonel said, shaking his head. “Maybe the steering is stuck or he's got some other problem.”
“It looks like he's trying to get them to chase his truck. Maybe he'll run them all over,” Billy suggested, as he and Boris looked out the window. “Probably sort of like how dogs will chase cars. I bet he's just going to just smash them all flat.”

“Why don't you just run them all over?” Maria asked, as the group of undead and crazy men began assembling and chased after the truck. It ran over a few of them but Josey appeared to be trying to miss them for the most part. She started to feel dizzy as the truck continued to circle.
“There two reasons,” he said, steering around an old trailer. “First off, running over people dead, alive, or undead for that matter is rough on an old truck like this and I don't want to break down out here. Do you?”
“No, what’s the other reason?” She asked, holding her stomach and feeling like she might be sick. “And just how long do you plan on doing this?”
“Just a few more seconds. I want to get as many of them away from the colonel's trailer as possible. Besides, we can't afford to do it much longer anyway. Look at the gas gauge.”
The needle was below E and the little amber light next to it was quickly blinking off and on.
“But what makes you think there's enough gas to do all of this?” she asked, doubtfully.
“I’m just hoping, actually. Matter of fact, since I saw you praying a few minutes ago a little more couldn't hurt,” he said, shifting into the next gear and driving straight toward the colonel's trailer.
He shook his head in an attempt to regain his sense of balance. The big truck was hard to steer as he felt the world spinning like he had just gotten off a wild carnival ride.

“The idiot’s leading back them this way. What's wrong with him?” Remlap asked with her voice cracking. “Has he gone crazy?”
“That's the second time you've asked that. Hopefully he going to just ram his way up and out through the exit and go get help, because there's no way we'd all fit inside his truck cab,” the colonel observed nervously.
Boris barked and wagged his tail in excitement as the truck started making a beeping noise while backing up toward the trailer. The septic tank contents could clearly be heard sloshing around as it came to a stop near the front end of the trailer.
“Maybe he's going to squirt them with the poop that's inside the truck,” Billy suggested excitedly, with a big mischievous smile.
“I'll be right back,” Mrs. Remlap said. She grabbed the heavy rolling pin and ran out the front door before anyone could say anything. She walked quickly across the small fenced yard and went through the gate.

The colonel thought about telling Billy to go get inside the truck. However, without knowing what Josey had in mind, he wasn't sure that it would be a good idea. Instead, he hugged his grandson around the shoulders and cleared his throat. “Billy. You know I love you, right?”
Billy tore his eyes away from the truck and stared up at his grandpa. “Of course, I know that. You're the greatest grandpa in the world.”
“I was really worried about you earlier when you went out there, but I was also more than a little proud of you,” Colonel Lester said, looking intently into his grandson’s eyes.
“But I didn't get help and almost got Boris and Josey killed. I'm sorry I screwed up, grandpa. I won't do anything that stupid ever again, don't worry about that.”
“You don't hear too well do you, Billy. You got potatoes growing in your ears? I said I was proud of you. You did a selfless and heroic thing when you went for help. It doesn't matter if you didn't succeed, you tried. A lot of people live their entire lives without ever trying. The very act of trying is always more important than whether or not you're successful.”
The boy nodded and appeared to be seriously considering his grandfather's wisdom.

One second the old man was smiling, the next his face changed to one of shock and he sat down quickly on a chair. He rubbed his chest and breathed harder.
“Are you okay?” Billy asked in a small scared voice.
The colonel felt his heart beating erratically as he looked up at his grandson. He nodded and said, “It's just all this excitement. I'll be fine as soon as I can get some rest.”
The old man knew what a heart attack felt like because he'd had one five years earlier. When it happened before he'd been in town buying groceries and medical assistance was only a few minutes away. Not sure if they'd help, he took one of Mrs. Remlap's nitro pills and held it under his tongue.
He spoke softly to his grandson, “Billy, if anything bad happens to me.” He grimaced, as a sharp pain radiated throughout his chest and down his arms. He gripped the table and continued though his voice sounded strained. “I want you to do what you did earlier today. I want you to go with Josey or just run away. And I want you to know I'll always love you, no matter what happens.”
Billy hugged his grandpa tightly as tears ran down his face. He felt the old man shuddering and whispered in a choked voice, “I love you too, grandpa. Don't worry. Everything will be okay.”

Most of infected and undead had gone to the other side of the park, yet there were still a few very slow moving Dead Heads approaching the septic tank truck.
As Mrs. Remlap held the rolling pin, she hurried around to the front of the idling truck. Watching Josey drag several long chains toward the trailer, the old woman jumped when she heard a voice right next to her.
“So you made it?” Maria asked, from the open passenger side door.
“Oh, Thank God you're alive,” The old lady said, leaning in to hug Maria. “I was so afraid that you were dead or burned up in my house. I'm so sorry I left you behind. Are you okay?” She asked, with a deeply concerned look in her eyes.
“I’m mostly okay, just a bad headache and a broken ankle. I'm sorry about your house. Are the colonel and Billy alright?”
“Yes, they're fine. What is that young man doing under the trailer?”
Maria rolled her eyes, and said, “He has a plan.”
There was a rattle of chains as he crawled out from under and began hooking them to the rear of the truck.
Screams echoed across the trailer park and both women looked at the horde of zombies running toward them.
Josey limped to the driver side and eased into his seat. He looked at the old lady and said, “Tell them to hang on. We're all getting out here, right now.”
“I hope you know what you're doing, young man,” she said, turning to Maria. “He does know what he's doing, right?”
Maria shrugged and said, “God Bless you. And I forgive you for having left me at the garage.” They hugged again briefly before Mrs. Remlap hurried back inside the trailer.
“I had to rig up something, but it will work. I saw the tires were still in place under the trailer so let's get rolling,” he said, putting the truck in first gear and letting out the clutch.

“Hang on. He's going to pull the trailer up the road,” Remlap said, as she climbed into the trailer panting and nearly out of breath. She grabbed onto the door frame as the trailer jerked and a deep groaning sound came from underneath. Billy's painstakingly constructed four story building of playing cards collapsed.
“No. The damn fool is crazy. We have to stop him,” the old man said weakly. He clutched the table and managed to stand up. “Billy, go to your bedroom now,” he said, trembling on his shaking legs.
Billy ran to the back of the trailer, shouting, “Yes sir! Come on Boris, let’s go to my room!”
There was a loud cracking sound as the trailer jerked forward then started tilting toward the right side. A lifetime of porcelain and ceramic figurines the colonel's late wife had collected crashed to the floor. His recliner and everything else not nailed down started sliding to the right side of the room.
“He's going to kill us all,” the colonel grunted.
The truck's engine roared louder, followed by another intense shudder as the trailer tilted even more.
“Did you anchor this trailer down?!” Remlap yelled across the room.
“Seemed like a good idea at the time. You know what tornadoes do with trailers,” he managed to say as he let go of the sliding table and grabbed the trailer's window for support. The nitro pill seemed to have helped and now his ancient heart was beating harder than ever.

The stove and refrigerator slid away from the wall and tumbled across the floor as the trailer tipped even further. Then the loudest cracking sound came from under the trailer and it flipped over on its side. When the refrigerator hit the wall it burst open and a sickening stench of rotten food filled the kitchen.
The trailer was on its side with the front door pressed flat against the ground while still being very slowly dragged behind the truck.
Standing in a stinking mess of rotten food, the old man called out, “Phyllis, are you okay?”
The old lady climbed over the kitchen table and stood by the colonel. “What do we do now?” she asked, coughing.

“You big idiot!” Maria yelled, as she looked out the truck's rear window. “It's flipping over! Stop, stop!”
Josey looked back just as the trailer flipped over on its side with a loud crashing of metal and breaking glass. “Shit!” He looked at the closest zombies, hoped he had a few more seconds, and opened the door. Limping back to where he rigged the chains to the back of the truck, he stared in disbelief at the ruined silver trailer. Working fast, he unlatched the chains and shook his head muttering, “Damn it. That should have worked.”
When he finished releasing the last chain he felt something pressing against him. Turning with the sword raised, he yelped and saw Boris looking tired but with his tail wagging. Just behind the dog, Billy was standing and staring at the trailer. The boy appeared more than a little dazed and confused.
“Get in the truck! Come on, move it.” He didn't wait for the boy to move but instead grabbed his hand and dragged him to the cab and shoved him inside.
Boris jumped up next and stood on top of Billy and Maria's laps as Josey climbed in and got the truck rolling.
“The floor in my room is gone. First there was a loud ripping cracking sound then, WHAM! The floor was gone and the room fell sideways. I was staring outside where the floor used to be. What happened?” Billy asked, peering through the cracked windshield.
“It's okay, calm down!” Josey shouted, as he steered the truck for the tangled mess of vehicles still smoldering at the exit.
“Quit shouting,” Maria said, hugging Billy close as Boris' wagging tail flicked into Josey's face.
Clutching the steering wheel tightly, he looked at the collection of still smoldering cars blocking the road. “This will work. It’s got to,” he said, putting the truck in low gear and began ramming the cars out of the way.

“Billy's outside. He getting in the truck,” Phyllis wheezed, staring through the shattered window.
Coughing, Colonel Lester hobbled over to look out the window and watched as his grandson got in the truck and they drove away. His eyes filled with tears as he raised his shaking hand to his lips and blew a kiss after the truck. “Love you, Billy.”
“What’s that smell?” she asked. “It’s getting stronger. I can hardly catch my breath.”
“Propane tank line must have broke when the trailer flipped,” he said, grabbing a broken chair leg and smashing the remaining glass out of the kitchen window. Outside, he saw dozens of Screamers and Dead Heads starting to pass by the trailer in pursuit of the truck. His heart felt much stronger as he realized what had to be done. He hollered at the crowd while smashing more glass out of the window, “Hey! Hey! Over here, you ugly bastards! Free Dinner, over here!”
“Shut up, they'll” (cough) “hear you,” Remlap frantically whispered.
“That’s the idea! Yoo hoo! Hey ugly! Come get me! I'm aged beef! 100% USDA!” He reached in his pocket and pulled out a silver colored glittering Zippo lighter that had an Army Rangers emblem engraved on its side.
Not all of the zombies were distracted by the colonel. Several ran by, screaming after the departing truck, but the vast majority turned and moved toward the lopsided trailer. Like a stream of ants, the undead encircled them and began trying to find or beat a way inside. Many headed for the broken window and the shouting old man, others ripped off a plastic skylight from the roof while a few managed to climb on top of the wrecked trailer.
The propane fumes were much stronger, but some air blew in through the broken window, as Mrs. Remlap saw the lighter in his hand and realized what he had in mind. She heard a clattering sound from further back in the trailer and saw several shadowy figures climbing over and through the wreckage of furniture.
She pulled a pack of matches out of her robe pocket and coughed as she got ready to light one. Turning to the colonel, she smiled as he yelled through the window as arms reached inside heedless of the broken glass. “Get your early bird blue plate special! Today's entree is gonna be extra crispy Cajun style! Come and get it, you nasty maggot infested crap sacks!”
“See you on the other side, Bill,” she said, poised to strike a match.
“If my wife, Barbara, lets me out of her sight up there you better believe it.”
Both match and lighter produced a flame at the same moment.

*****

“It was you, wasn't it?” Bo asked, as they turned left at a little store. The parking lot was empty except for a tow truck and a minivan.
“Huh?” Willie inquired intelligently, as he smeared chocolate from one of the doughnuts on the steering wheel.
“You were responsible for the toilet thing, this morning. What is wrong with you? Why'd you do it?” Bo asked, looking at the man driving, thinking he looked like a poster child for Diabetes.
“Fuck you. I didn't leave any evidence and no one saw me do it. So, I didn't do it. But it sure was funny,” Willie smirked, as they drove into the valley.
“Did your parents have any children with an IQ over seventy?”
“Shut up,” Willie said and picked up a fresh doughnut.

Daphne was sitting with the electric fan blowing into her face while she watched her cousin working on the van and didn't notice one of the Bible Thumpers she'd run off yesterday wander into the parking lot. She did see the police cruiser heading down the old trailer park road and wondered if someone was about to get arrested. That’s the way it always is. Everyone else gets to see something exciting. Me? I get to choose between watching a van being fixed or picking my nose.

The little girl sitting in the van watched the man in the white shirt and black pants stumble into the shade and peer around in confusion. “Daddy, there's a weird guy over there,” she said, holding her video camera with one hand as she pointed with the other.
Doctor Alvarez (aka daddy) grabbed a bottle of water and got out of the van while the mechanic used a creative selection colorful Spanish profanities as he worked under the hood.
The strange young man that had wandered in from the desert was bloody and seemed near exhaustion as he swayed back and forth staring, as if transfixed, at the nearby overflowing trashcan.
Alvarez noticed the wasps and yellow jackets stinging the young man and spoke while still several feet away. “You okay? I've got some water you can-” he started to say, but was interrupted by an eardrum shattering scream as the young man turned and charged toward him. Alvarez couldn't fail to notice that the young man had crimson colored eyes and an insane look on his filthy blood stained face.


The squealing and grinding of metal on metal coming from the truck's bumper continued as they inched forward and pushed the burned out police car further under the bus and out of the road.
Billy looked back out the rear window while Maria was still silently praying and holding her Crucifix tightly. The big silvery sewage tank made it hard to see much. The boy finally stood up on the seat and leaned over behind Josey until his grandfather's trailer was visible. “Some of them are coming after us, we gotta go. We gotta go, now,” Billy said, as he stared back at his grandfather’s trailer lying on its side surrounded by nearly all the undead.
There couldn't have been more than a few dozen, but to Billy it looked like hundreds. They were all pushing, scratching, and beating on the walls and windows, trying to get inside his grandpa's trailer.
Boris whined and stood on Maria's lap as she continued to pray.

When the trailer exploded pieces of metal, furniture, undead men, and torn chunks of bodies were blown out in all directions for hundreds of feet. The liquid propane tank had been filled only a week earlier and the explosion disintegrated the trailer entirely.
Billy was blinded by the flash and yelped in surprise. He leaned against Maria and Boris, crying as debris started to rain down from the sky.
A badly deteriorated, gray colored, severed foot wearing a brown leather sandal landed on the hood of the truck, where it sat like the ugliest hood ornament ever imagined.

“Just a little more,” Josey grunted as the truck inched past the last of the bus. He had to ride the edge of the road to get by and the tires slid toward the drop off. “Come on, you son of a bitch! Go, go, go!” he shouted while stomping the gas pedal to the floor.
The truck tilted more for several nerve wracking seconds and the shuddering silver tank on the back of the truck made loud ominous creaking noises before the tires finally found enough traction to let them continue up the road. The truck passed the last of the wreck and slowly climbed the hill.
The small group of pursuers, included Sazera and Shoemaker who were closing in on the slowly escaping truck. Several other Screamers followed by a Dead Heads ran through the smoldering remains of the fire and followed the two former ICE agents.
The truck moved slowly up the hill and almost reached the first turn back when the engine knocked and backfired loudly.

“No, no, don't you stop. Just a little more, please!” Josey pleaded.
The engine coughed and sputtered, making the truck shudder and buck as they started the turn.
“Come on, go damn it! Go please, please!”
The engine roared to life and he put it back into gear shouting, “Yes!”
Boris whined anxiously and looked over at Josey.
Billy held onto Maria while afterimages of the trailer explosion made seeing difficult. From behind the truck, a small choir of screams increased in volume as they closed the distance.
The big tank’s creaking sound grew louder as the truck made it halfway through the turn then shuddered violently and finally ran out of gas. When the engine fell silent, Josey lowered his head onto the steering wheel and wanted to cry while slamming the parking brake down. He couldn't imagine things being much worse but the disturbing possibility of the truck rolling backward down the steep road made engaging the brake seem at least somewhat worth doing.

A loud cracking sound came from the back as the truck started to lean slowly toward the right. Maria screamed as she saw in her mind the truck tumbling over and rolling down the hill. The truck tilted more and more on its right side wheels and no one dared to move as the left side wheels left the ground. It tottered uncertainly for what seemed an eternity, before a loud crack followed by a tremendous gong-like sound and a loud metal drum roll filled the air.

The truck slammed back down on its wheels and everyone including Boris turned to look out the rear window. They stared at the enormous silver septic tank that had finally broken free and fallen off the truck. It rolled back down the center of the road slowly at first but gradually picked up speed as it went. The sewage tank was going down the road like a smelly steamroller running over the pursuers before eventually slamming into the smoldering remains of the bus.
Upon impact, the tank burst open like a water balloon that only Satan himself would have the mind to devise. The spray of bodily wastes went in every direction, drenching everything in the area. (from smoldering bits of trailers to a wide variety of sizes and shapes of smoking and burning body parts)
“What happened?” Billy asked, rubbing at his eyes. “I can't see.”
Maria hugged him and said, “I think it's all over. It really is all over, right Josey?”

Josey had been staring out the truck's rear window at the scene of devastation, when a car horn sounded and made him jerk back around. He turned and saw a little green car in the middle of the road, with a lady sitting behind the wheel giving him an irritated look.
Billy could have told him who it was had he not been still somewhat blinded from the trailer explosion.
Opening the truck door, Josey climbed down and limped toward the car. “Um, we uh-” he stammered 'intelligently'.
The lady’s eyes opened wide as she stared at a large limping man wearing a brown blood spattered leather coat with a swastika on the armband who was carrying a sword. Her lifelong belief about never judging a book by its cover was completely and instantly shattered. She put the car in reverse and sped away from the giant, blood splattered, lumbering, obviously crazy man.
There was a short blond haired blur that ran past Josey screaming, “Mom, mom, wait!”
Billy had regained enough sight to recognize his mother's car and continued running after it and shouting while waving his arms over his head.
His mother looked forward and spotted Billy running away from the crazy man holding the sword. She stared at Billy and was within seconds of hitting the brakes when a sheriff's department cruiser came around the corner behind her. The cars weren't going fast, but the impact did enough damage to set off her airbag.

“Willie! Look out!” Bo shouted, from the passenger seat. He saw the green car backing quickly up the road as they came around the turn but Willie didn't.
Willie had been eating a lemon cream filled doughnut and trying to explain how doughnuts were not really bad for his Diabetes, because they contained fruit, when the cars collided.
“You're a damn moron!” Bo yelled, before getting out and running to the driver side of the green car.
Willie sucked the lemon jelly off his fingers that had been holding it at the moment of impact. He put the car in park and followed Bo, grumbling, “It wasn't me. It was all that crazy bitch's fault.”
Bo saw the green car was filled with bright multicolored helium balloons floating against the ceiling. The messy remains of a chocolate birthday cake were splattered on the floor and dashboard on the passenger side.
A little boy was crying and pointing back toward the trailer park, yammering unintelligibly to the lady in the car, but they both seemed okay. She doesn’t seem hurt. Shame about the cake, but it could have been a lot worse, Bo thought.
Looking further down the road, he saw a very big blood splattered man clutching a sword standing beside a truck. Bo quickly understood the situation and felt years of training automatically take over. “Drop the weapon!” he yelled at Josey, while drawing his gun. “Just drop it, NOW!”
Willie wiped his fingers on his shirt sleeve and waddled after Bo.
The officers saw the big man look over his shoulder, back down the road, then drop the sword and raise his hands up in the air.
“You're not going to believe this, but I'm glad you-” Josey started to say, but Bo interrupted him. “Shut up! Don't you dare move! Just don't you fucking move an inch! Willie, cover the passenger side!” Bo yelled, in a commanding voice as he stood a few feet away from the giant and obviously insane man. The big man looked exhausted and his coat was streaked in dried blood and gore.
“I got her covered,” Willie said aiming his gun at Maria who was sitting in the truck with her hands on top of the dashboard.
Boris looked from one officer to the other and growled at both.
Josey stood still with his hands up in the air, staring at the hood of his truck and thought, Crap! All this, I survived all this shit just to get shot by a cop. He's going to shoot me as soon as he sees what's on the hood. God help me.

Bo saw the big man shaking his head and staring at the hood of the truck. He glanced over and then looked again. There was a bloody severed foot in a sandal on the hood.
“Officer, I- I can explain. I know this looks bad, but I really can explain,” Josey said and turned to look back behind him down the road.
“Okay, just shut up and turn around. Slowly lean over the hood, Mr. Hitler. Put your hands behind your back. Stay sharp, Willie.” Bo said, with his gun still pointed at Josey.
Josey sighed and leaned forward trying to avoid touching the still smoldering foot.
In seconds the cold metal handcuffs were slapped onto his wrists after Bo came up behind him.

“Hey Bo, something’s burning down in the park and- wow! Just look, there’s bodies everywhere,” Willie said, from the other side of the truck. He saw someone wearing an ICE uniform crawling in the roadway a few feet behind the truck. The man looked badly injured and Willie forgot about guarding Maria and trotted toward him.
A dog barked from the cab of the truck as the girl inside yelled something at Bo.
“Willie, get your fat ass back here! Go back to the squad car and call for backup!” Bo yelled, as he saw his partner run past the rear of the truck. Dumb-ass, we’ve got enough crap to deal with without you running off.
“Now get down on the ground, Mr. Hitler,” Bo said, roughly pushing Josey off the hood so he fell onto the dusty road. Josey felt and heard his nose break as he landed hard face first on the ground.
Lying in the dusty road, Josey cried out at the sudden and intense flash of pain.
Boris had seen more than enough. The dog was still tired but knew something had to be done. He leaped through the open driver side door and knocked Bo over on his butt.
Bo yelped as he hit the ground and saw the dog hurry over and start licking Mr. Hitler's face.
From still inside the truck cab, Maria yelled, “Be careful!”
Bo thought she meant be careful of the big guy on the ground or the dog... or maybe both. All he could make out from her yelling was “careful monsters!” and “leave him alone!”
Boris growled and stood between Bo and the large man on the ground.
The deputy aimed his gun at the snarling dog, thinking, God, I hate to shoot a dog.

Two screams rang out simultaneously. One sounded like Willie, the other was the little boy. The kid ran down the road shouting, “Hey, you fart knocker, don't you dare shoot my dog!”
The lady from the car was chasing the kid and Willie's yelling was only adding to the already confusing situation.
Bo backed up to see where Willie was and saw him kicking a badly injured man slowly crawling on the road.
“Willie! What the hell are you doing!? Leave that guy alone and get back over here, now!” Bo yelled, growing angrier by the second.
Willie trudged back up the road, cradling his injured hand, and grumbling to himself.
Bo turned back to the dog and saw the kid was on his knees hugging it. The boy stared up ferociously at him and was yelling at him.
The woman in the truck was yelling something and pointing at Willie.
Bo put his gun back in his holster as the lady from the car yelled at the boy to get away from the mangy, flea bitten, mongrel of a dog. The deputy was surrounded by chaotic screaming people and had exceeded his breaking point. “EVERYONE, SHUT UP!” Bo bellowed.
The yelling stopped.
Bo looked at the boy and could see he'd been crying and looked like he was ready to die to protect the mangy dog. “Look kid, if that’s your dog fine. Get him and go with that lady back to her car. This is a bad man. I don't want to see you get hurt, okay?”
“That filthy flea bitten beast most certainly is not his dog. Billy, get away from that nasty thing, right this second. It's going to bite you,” Cheryl said angrily, walking forward.
The boy ignored his mom and held Boris closer. When he saw Willie's bloody hand as he walked up beside Bo, his face paled. “Did someone bite you?” Billy asked, in a shaky voice.
Bo looked at Willie and his bloody hand.
“Damn right. That’s what you get for trying to help somebody. The dirty piece of shit actually bit me,” Willie said, looking angrily back down the road.
“He's going to turn into a zombie, shoot him!” Billy shouted at Bo.
“What?” Bo asked, looking at the boy in utter confusion.
“Boy's right. Be careful,” came the nasally distorted yet scared voice of the cuffed big man lying on the dusty road.
“They're telling the truth, just look at him!” The woman inside the truck cab shouted.
Bo looked at each as they spoke, but it was the dog that eventually made him back away from Willie.
It stopped looking at Bo and growled loudly while staring at Willie. The dog's hair bushed out as its body trembled. Still staring at the dog, Bo smelled urine and excrement very close by.
He turned and saw Willie trembling with his mouth hanging open, drooling. Bo quickly backed further away from him when he started convulsing and screaming. He pulled his gun and pointed it at Willie, watching in horrified fascination as the whites of his eyes changed within seconds to a bright red color.
“Willie?” Bo asked, cautiously.
Willie's face twisted in rage as he ran straight at Bo with his arms outstretched, screaming like a thing from a nightmare.
Deputy Bo Autry relied on years of training and instinct. He fired fast and accurately. Three shots hit dead center in the torso and Willie flew backward and collapsed on the ground; where he shook for a moment then died.
Oh shit. What the fuck did I just do? I'm so fucked, Bo thought, sliding his gun back in the holster.

Billy's mom fainted and fell beside Josey in the dust.
“You need to shoot him in the head,” Billy said in a scolding tone of voice, looking up at Bo while shuddering and backing closer to Josey's sword that had been dropped on the dusty road.
“Boy's right, you have to shoot him in the head,” Josey's distorted voice called up from the ground.
“El hombre de la cabeza! Do it now! Shoot his head!” Maria screamed.
Bo looked utterly bewildered. “He's dead. Everyone calm down and everything will be okay. I don't know what's been going on out here, but you all need to calm down. Whatever happened to my partner is done with. He's dead. How I'm going to explain all this I have no idea but it's all over now.”
Billy looked past Bo with his eyes widening. “If he's dead why's he getting up again?” He asked while reaching down and grabbing the sword handle. The boy stood holding the sword beside Josey and his unconscious mother trembling, but with a determined look on his young face that would have made his grandfather very proud.
Bo whirled around as Willie stood up, yelled and ran forward... yet again.
“Son of a bitch!” Bo fired the rest of his clip. The shots burst Willie Dunn's head like an overripe watermelon that had been stuffed with dynamite.


Several hours later, six big green New Mexico National Guard trucks were lined up neatly near a small tent city that had sprung up near the old laundry building. Troops in hazardous materials suits were methodically searching for any remaining people- alive, infected, dead, or undead throughout the trailer park, as well as the outlying areas.
Other soldiers, also in haz-mat, suits piled bodies and wood inside the old laundry building which had been soaked down with gasoline. Three helicopters hovered over different areas of the park relaying sightings of people to the heavily armed ground forces.
The foul stench of rotting bodies competed with the smells from the thousands of gallons of raw sewage as other soldiers shot and killed any birds in the area. They weren't sure why the sheriff ordered all birds shot but some suspected there was a possibility they could be carrying some sort of germ or virus.

Stephen Keck parked his elegant black Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren in front of the military trucks. Even with the door still closed, he thought the trailer park smelled very unpleasant. Keck got out and brushed back his hair as he looked around.
He caught a whiff of the plethora of hideously foul odors drifting around the trailer park and lit a cigar. He looked at the Rolex on his wrist and felt annoyed. He leaned against the trunk of his car puffing on his ten dollar cigar appearing very out of place and confused. First, the sheriff calls me up and tells me to get over here and now nobody takes a minute to tell me where the fuck he is. These fuckers don't know who they're dealing with, that's for damn sure. I'll give him just one more minute to get over here or I'm going to-
A large hairy knuckled hand landed on his shoulder, breaking his not so deep thoughts. Startled, Keck turned and looked into the chest of a very large man.
A state trooper towering six foot five and endowed with a body builder's physique hollered down at him, “You Keck!?”
Several soldiers looked over then went about their duties as Stephen looked up at the hulking giant and graced him with a slight nod of the head. He cleared his throat and spoke in a voice that trembled while at the same time tried to sound confident, “I am Mr. Stephen Keck, from Beaumont Industries. I was invited here by the sheriff and if you don't get your paw off my shoulder, right now, I'll have you demoted to crossing guard by tomorrow morning... I have friends in very high places.”
Instead of removing his meaty hand the trooper clenched it.
Keck felt something cracking somewhere inside his shoulder. The accompanying pain was a bit above agony but just short of outright torture. He squealed a high pitched string of syllables that came nowhere near forming actual words until he was released.
The trooper looked down at Keck in his expensive Italian business suit and grinned. “You can extinguish that cigar, right now, or I will be extremely happy to find a place to stick it for you,” the trooper said, in a gravelly voice, looking down as Keck's face turned bright red.
Keck quickly dropped the cigar and ground it out under his three hundred dollar pair of imported shoes.
“Follow me and DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING! If you do, I will shoot you in the head and your body will be tossed on a bonfire. I shit you not. Do you understand me?” The trooper asked as a shower of spittle flew from with mouth.
Keck stuttered and finally managed to say, “I understand.”
The trooper turned and took a step before Keck continued to speak. If only he could have left it at that simple two word statement things might have gone better for him, but of course he had to be himself and continued. “I wonder, my steroid addicted friend, if you understand who it is that you're addressing?”
The trooper spun around on his heel with his face an undisguised portrait of righteous fury. “I am addressing the sorry sack of shit responsible for this whole fucking mess. Now, shut the fuck up and follow me,” he said in a low voice,. The state trooper then turned and walked to the sheriff's department van that had not one, but two deputies standing on guard duty at the door. Both looked extremely alert and professional. The deputies held their riot shotguns at the ready as the large state trooper climbed up the van's creaking metal stairs.

The trooper opened the door and made an after you gesture.
Stephen Keck walked into the blessedly cool air conditioned trailer and saw Sheriff Guiteriz talking to some officers while gesturing to an aerial map of the valley and the surrounding area. After a minute of being ignored, Keck got bored and noticed a small plastic animal carrier case used for transporting pets sitting on a nearby counter.
It had a piece of paper with a hastily written note taped on it.
Keck leaned down out of boredom and read the note: Contents: 1 small monkey. Property of Charlie Farro. Do not touch or move without permission. -Bo Autry
Keck leaned down further and peered into the shadowy container. It was enclosed except for small metal bars on one end. He saw a suggestion of fur and thumped the carrier softly as the police continued to talk behind him.
The monkey did not respond and he thumped the container again, only a little harder. Keck was in a bad mood and bored. He picked up a pencil and slid it between the metal bars.
When the pencil point poked the monkey inside the carrier it finally moved.
He leaned closer while wishing he had a flashlight. He poked the pencil in again and a loud screeching noise filled the air along with a small, messy, foul, smelly, simian, handful of excrement.
Cha-ka had often thrown droppings at her longtime enemy, Skynyrd the python, and her aim was still as good as ever.
“Shit!” Keck shouted stumbling away from the counter while wiping monkey feces out of his eyes.
Everyone in the van looked at him momentarily as he wiped his face with a silk handkerchief. Conversations resumed as Keck picked up the fallen pencil and started back to the monkey with thoughts of revenge on his mind.
Cha-ka hissed softly as he bent over again to look in the carrier.

State Trooper Dennis Watson had watched Keck's antics long enough. He'd shot people he hated for a lot less and wondered if he could ask permission to take Keck outside for a few minutes. But instead, he walked up behind the overdressed business jerk as he bent over to bother the monkey again. Dumb ass gets shit flung in his eye and still doesn't learn. Maybe I can drive home the point for him, he thought, and picked up a large sharpened pencil and moved to stand behind him.
Keck made kissy noises to Cha-ka and started to insert the pencil again when he felt something sharp stab him in his rather large flabby right butt cheek. He tried to cry out, but a big meaty hand covered his mouth and he couldn't. Hot breath filled his ear as Trooper Watson leaned down and whispered a series of promises; Not threats he impressed upon the terrified executive, but promises of extremely unpleasant things he would do to him if he didn't sit down and behave himself.
“Are you going to be a good boy?” Watson whispered into his ear after making his promises.
Keck nodded and the sharp pencil was withdrawn from his butt cheek. He felt nauseated, looking over his shoulder and saw the trooper had swiftly moved back by the door. Oh God, how that big ape is going to pay. I'll tell the sheriff. Oh screw it! I'll tell governor. He owes me enough favors, Keck thought, looking at his expensive watch and feeling this whole situation had been blown out of all proportion.

“Expand the perimeter to forty miles and I want every bush and arroyo checked by nightfall. Coordinate resources with that colonel that has the bad breath over at the National Guard operations tent. Did you alert all towns out to fifty miles, like I told you?”
A grim faced and uncharacteristically deeply serious looking Captain Lopez said, “Yes sir,” and gave Keck a glare that strongly suggested he'd like to beat the crap out of him.
“Good. Did the Med-Evac chopper get that Farro guy out and to the hospital yet?” Guiteriz asked, looking over a notepad.
“Yes sir, bout ten minutes ago. Autry called in the report and said he was heading to the rendezvous point as per your instructions,” Lopez said, then coughed. “Begging your pardon, sir, but could I be excused. I'd appreciate some fresh air,” he said while continuing to glare at Keck.
“Actually, I'm going to take Mr. Keck on a stroll while the site is still ours. The Centers for Disease Control said they'd be arriving within the hour and will take over all operations at that time. You two stay here and continue coordinating things. I'll be back in about thirty minutes. Also, I need one of you to give my wife a call. Have her pick up a birthday cake and take it to Memorial Hospital. Make sure she gets it done like right now. Tell her only what she needs to know. You got the kid's name?”
Captain Lopez nodded and picked up a satellite phone.
“Come on Stephen, let’s have a talk,” the sheriff said, putting on his hat and picking up a shot gun.

“Listen Manuel, I know things are fucked up but you really have got to believe me. I didn't know that any of this would ever happen,” Keck said, as they walked toward the western side of the park.
What followed was a long drawn out account of how Keck wanted his old friend to see things. While Keck yammered on saying things the sheriff knew were blatant lies, he just nodded his head and asked relevant questions whenever they seemed appropriate. They passed several squads of National Guard troops in search of anyone who might be left in the park as the sun began to set.
When they reached a remote clearing, Sheriff Guiteriz summed up Keck's last fifteen minutes of explanations and outrageous fabrications. “So, what you’re telling me is that none of this was your fault? Not the original death at the factory or the bribe you gave his coworkers to drag that poor bastard out here to dispose of the body? And I guess, viewed from your perspective, you certainly aren't responsible for all these innocent people including a few of my own officers that got killed. That's what you are trying to say, right?” He asked the question in a friendly almost conversational manner in hopes that Keck would say what he did next.
“Exactly, I'm glad we see eye-to-eye on this old buddy and don't you worry I'll be sure to remember you come the next election season. I can be a great fundraiser for a man like you,” Keck said, smiling. He pulled out a cigar and offered the sheriff another one.
“No thanks, old buddy. Hey Bo, would you like a cigar!?” The sheriff called over to the lieutenant standing with a shotgun in the shadows of an old trailer.
“Sure, thanks,” he said, walking over and taking one from the smiling Keck who was glad not to be in any serious trouble after all. He'd been more than a little worried after Captain Lopez called him at the office and said to be at the trailer park in fifteen minutes or he'd be sitting in jail for the rest of his life.
Plus, the muscle brained state trooper had really scared him with that talk of shooting him in the head and throwing him on a bonfire. He considered mentioning how the jerk stabbed him in the butt with a pencil but decided to wait and not press his luck.
Bo lit the cigar while alert for any trouble nearby. He puffed on the cigar and faced the sunset as the sheriff appeared deep in thought.
The sheriff stood with his arms crossed and gave Keck one last appraising look. The man responsible for so much pointless madness and death was sitting on a rusty paint can sucking on a cigar while the stench of burning flesh from the bonfire he'd ordered drifted across the park. He nodded as though having decided something, wandered over behind Keck, ran his finger across his own neck so Bo could see, and nodded again with a grim look on his face.
Bo had been hoping the sheriff would go for his plan. He smiled and ambled back over to them, saying, “Hey, you guys, want to see the funniest thing ever?”
The sheriff walked over and helped Keck stand up. “You should stick with us, Amigo. We certainly don't want anything bad to happen to a man like you, do we?”
“Thanks Manuel,” Stephen Keck said, thinking, I'm glad he understands who the boss really is. It's just like my Golden Rule says; He who has the gold makes the rules.

Bo stepped over a rusty chain and said in a near whisper, “If you look down in the hole you can see it.”
The sheriff stopped to bend over and tie his shoe, saying. “I’ll be there in just a second, Bo.”
Keck stepped over the rusty chain and started to look down in the hole.
Bo grinned and whispered, “Here's my flashlight. It’s a bit dark down there, but you'll laugh when you see it.”
The sheriff gave one last cautious look around and didn't see any possible witnesses.
As Stephen Keck shined the light down the abandoned well shaft Sheriff Guiteriz kicked him in his overfed, overpaid, stupid, murderous, pompous, ass.

He looked at Bo with a grim satisfied expression when they heard the splash followed by the snarls and screams that echoed up from the well.
“It was just a tragic accident, sheriff. I told him to watch out for the chain, but you know what Mr. Keck was like,” Bo said, suppressing a smile with great difficulty.
“It’s just a damn shame; as if the water wasn't polluted enough down there already,” the sheriff said as they turned and walked back to the command post.


CHAPTER 18
Explanations & Summations

Dr. David Douglas Peters sat patiently while waiting to give final his report on the Keck Virus that had caused so much trouble in New Mexico. He yawned and fought to keep his eyes open as the military officials continued their reports on the success of the containment procedures. To him it all sounded like typical Washington bullshit. There were lots of numbers and percentages based on a host of fancy computer estimates and simulations, but it still felt like bullshit.
The president looked almost as bored as Dr. Peters felt, as he listened.
Everyone at the table noted the president's gradually more pronounced volume and frequency of his tapping pen on the pad of paper in front of him.
General Whittaker had been speaking nonstop for almost an hour and started to repeat himself, as he explained how the incident was effectively one hundred percent contained and no further problems related to the Albuquerque Incident, as it was being designated, were foreseen.
Dr. Peters looked at the president to see how he reacted to the counter intuitive logic of claiming one hundred percent containment corresponded with the general's earlier announcement of having assembled a designated elite special response team stationed in Albuquerque for the next thirty days, with a possibility of a longer stay if needed.
The antique mantel clock chimed and the president stood up at the end of the conference table.
“Enough,” the president said, interrupting the general as he started on another issue regarding the Albuquerque Incident. “Thank you, general, but this is supposed to be a briefing and your reports have been anything but brief. While I appreciate your desire to be as detailed and thorough as possible regarding this tragedy, my time is valuable as I'm sure you all know.”
General Whittaker wasn't sure if he should sit down or not while being addressed by the commander in chief, so he stood uncertainly as his face flushed a light pink color.
“I only want clarification on three issues today, gentlemen, and once that's done this briefing is concluded. Issue one: Was containment completely effective? Did anyone infected by the virus escape the area? Issue two: Has a counter drug been developed for this damn thing. And lastly, what is the status of the survivors?” The president sat back down when he finished speaking and looked at the assembled group of experts from the CDC, Homeland Security, ICE, The Pentagon and a host of other federal agencies.
General Whittaker started to speak again while looking through some papers, “Well, um-”
“Please sit down, general. I'd like to see if anyone else present can give a somewhat less long winded explanation,” the president interrupted.

The general sat down quickly and his face turned an almost crimson hue as everyone else looked around the table at each other, uncertain what protocol called for.
“Oh, for God's sake,” the president said, clearly irritated. “You there,” he said pointing.“You are Dr. Peters, of the Centers for Disease Control, correct?”
Peters stood up nervously and looked at the president. “Yes sir. I'm Dr. David Peters.”
“Can you address any of the issues I just asked about?” The president asked, looking at his watch and frowning gravely.
“Yes sir, and I will try to be brief.”
“Hallelujah!” The president shouted with a smile as everyone present chuckled, including General Whittaker.

“I'd like to address your last question first, Mr. President.
The survivors were in quarantine for four weeks in one of our remote facilities in Montana. And I'm pleased to say none of them have shown any indications of viral exposure. They were released after their legal status was clarified for them, in no uncertain terms. So, basically, they are a non issue regarding the incident at this point.
They are of course being monitored regarding possible leaks to the media. However, they all seem extremely reasonable and I foresee no problem with them,” Peters said and lifted up a folder.
“I would now like to address your question regarding a treatment for the Keck Virus.” He coughed, opened the folder and looked around the table before continuing. “This particular virus has been exhaustively studied since its discovery. It supplants or replaces, if you will, a significant amount of the DNA of anyone exposed to it. The resultant DNA alterations account for the many disturbing physical and psychological changes that we've seen.” He paused to sip some water, referred to his notes and continued. “Typically, various diseases are the result of the introduction of some type of virus. When attacking a host or victim their original cells are altered by the addition of the viral genes. A successful alteration results in a viably infected cell. A viable or sustainable cell will continue to replicate or copy itself until it is defeated by antibodies or overwhelms the host.”

A few whispers from around the table momentarily distracted Dr. Peters. He nodded and elaborated. “This is not an uncommon phenomenon at all, gentlemen, so relax. Numerous such viruses have existed before, like the common cold or Rhino virus, Ebola, and even Human Immunodeficiency Virus which leads to AIDS.
During the initial infection stages, the Keck Virus replicates alarmingly fast to moderately fast dependent of the unique physiology of the host or victim. Moderate growth rate is the slowest range we've seen so far. That being, a growth rate of hundreds of thousands of cells within ten minutes. Alarmingly fast growth rate has been confirmed at hundreds of millions within the same space of time.”
There was an audible gasp and more intense whispers when he finished his last statement.

“Yes, it is perhaps the nastiest virus yet discovered but in many ways we've been incredibly lucky. Had this outbreak occurred in a major population area the fatalities could easily have been in the hundreds of thousands, maybe much higher.
We've had unprecedented cooperation from the Beaumont Bio-Chemical Industries top management regarding tracing the virus's origin. And have isolated the virus itself of course, but at this point no cure has been discovered to counteract the mortal phase of infection.
The Keck Virus is shockingly fast acting. It has no carrier state that we've been able to determine. After a human is infected, I'm afraid the virus can be spread in a host of ways. In addition to blood or bodily secretions it's hypothesized that it could easily be inhaled, but since no type animal has been shown susceptible to the virus, other than man, we've had no way to test that theory without a human volunteer; which understandably have been nonexistent to date.
Although certain people feel criminals on death row might be encouraged to participate in such a study, nothing has yet to be decided regarding that,” Dr Peters said, and paused to sip some more water.

“You propose purposely infecting prisoners?” The president interrupted, leaning forward.
“Well sir, it’s more of a test to see if inhalation from an infected person during the mortal or living phase can be spread through shared air.
“How many infected people are there? I've been given two different numbers. It's very confusing to me. So, how many are there precisely?” The president asked.
“The number of living infected people is twelve. I believe the confusion lies in the classification of the victims,” Dr Peters said and cleared his throat.
“The mortal phase relates to those people that are clinically still alive. Like I said earlier, there are precisely twelve. They are at the Montana facility being studied and treated under level four bio-hazard protocols.
Of course, there is nothing that can be done in the cases of those individuals whose metabolic processes have ceased, yet continue to-” he paused, then said, “live.” He uttered the last word with a disturbed expression on his face.
“What is that last part supposed to mean? Is that why I have two sets of numbers regarding the infected?” The president asked in confusion.
“Put bluntly, Mr. President, once an infected person dies they reanimate as a... um... a zombie. At that point there is nothing that can be done other than destroy the brain. In my opinion, I'm afraid in those cases a bullet to the head is the only humane and certain cure. But there has been disagreement regarding what to do with them.” He looked as if he expected someone to laugh, but no one around the table was even smiling.
While many laughed when they initially heard the word zombie used, none were even close to smirking after they had all viewed the top secret video footage of the reanimated bodies.
“But in summation to your question, regarding a cure for infection, at this time the answer is no. No cure or anti-virus has been found although the search does continue,” Dr. Peters said, sitting down.

The president slowly shook his head and lit a cigarette. After nearly a minute of smoking in silence, he looked at General Whittaker who was placed in command of cleaning up the Albuquerque Incident. “That is how to give a brief and concise report, General Whittaker. I'm going to ask you to address my first concern again. And all I want to hear is a yes or no. Is the Albuquerque Incident contained and done with?”
The general appeared uncomfortable as he stood and looked at the president. “Yes sir. It is contained and done with.”
“Good. That's very good. Now if you gentlemen will excuse me I'm running late for a golf game,” the president said, quickly rising and walking out of the conference room.

As the meeting broke up, Dr. Peters cornered General Whittaker. “General, I think you just lied to the President of the United States of America. If containment was successful why do you have specially trained elite troops on standby in Albuquerque?”
“Dr. Peters, those units will be on standby for the next four to six weeks. If everything remains as it is now, they will be returned to regular duty at that time. As to why they are there, I have one word for you; Contingencies,” he grunted the last word before turning and storming out of the conference room.

*****

Boris caught the rubber disc for the twentieth time and for the twentieth time Billy shouted, “Good boy!”
Boris trotted over sat at the boy's feet, looking up with the slobber covered rubber disc in his mouth, tail thumping rapidly as if in complete agreement- Yes, I am a good boy.
“Billy, come eat your lunch!” Cheryl called out from beside the picnic table.
Sitting on a bench by the table, Maria sipped her glass of lemonade and watched as Josey pulled the last of the hamburgers off the grill and walked back to the table.
“Are you ever going to get your nose reset?” Cheryl asked, as he started assembling hamburger bun condiments.
“No onions on mine, please, and if you want to have any chance of romance tonight you'll skip them on yours too,” Maria said, watching as Boris and Billy ran up to the table.
“I would get it reset, but Maria thinks it makes me look sexy. She says it makes me look dangerous; sort of like an action hero,” he said, striking a heroic pose while holding a slice of onion and tomato in each hand. “Maybe something like The Undertaker, he deals with the dead so you don't have to.”
Billy laughed as he sat down and wiped his hands on a moist paper towel his mom handed him. “Don't forget your faithful sidekick, Boris, The Demon Dog.”
Josey leaned down and put a paper plate filled with three good size well-done hamburgers on the ground. “He's a heroic dog, that’s for sure.”
Boris wolfed down the first patty within seconds.

“When do you get the cast off your foot?” Billy asked Maria, between bites of his hamburger while ketchup dribbled down his chin.
“Tomorrow, I know it’s only been five weeks but it feels like forever. It itches like a million ants are climbing my leg,” Maria said, between bites of potato chips.
“So, are you really going to marry, Mr. Hitler?” Cheryl asked Maria, pointing a dill pickle up at Josey.
“That's The Undertaker, thank you very much,” Josey said, and then bit into his hamburger.
“Well, I'm not sure. Did you put onions on your buns?” Maria asked, suspiciously.
“Young lady, what I have or don't have on my buns is between me and my underwear,” he said, wiping his mouth with a napkin.
Billy burst out laughing and Cheryl and Maria joined in.

Boris wolfed down the last of his hamburgers and turned to look when a car pulled into the parking lot. He growled deep in his throat when he saw Bo get out of the squad car and walk over.
They all looked where the dog was staring.
“Easy Boris, I won't cuff anyone today unless Billy has been any trouble,” Bo said, smiling slightly as he looked at the people around the table.
“No, don't tell me, not another briefing. Please not another one,” Josey said, looking nervously up at the deputy.
Bo smiled, “No, I think a month of interviews and official inquiries was enough. I know it was enough for me, anyway.”
“Well then, have a seat. We have enough for one more,” Cheryl said, smiling up at Bo and scooting down the bench.
He sat down and they laughed and talked for a while.

Eventually, Bo looked at Billy and said, “I bet Boris sure would like to go for a run and work off some of that food.”
Billy smiled, jumped up and took off running yelling, “Come on Boris!”
They all watched them run for a few seconds and then looked at Bo expectantly.
Bo looked back and nodded. He reached into his coat pocket and pulled out three envelopes and handed them out.
Josey looked at his name printed on the envelope. “You got one too?”
Bo nodded and smiled sadly. “I deposited it in my bank before I came here.”
“Perhaps I'm just stupid, but I'm still confused. Why is it a check from the federal government when it was Beaumont Industries that caused the whole mess?” Maria asked, putting the envelope in her purse.
“Well, you know part of it. You guys and I signed enough waivers and legal papers to last a lifetime while we we're in quarantine. They don't want anyone to ever know what happened out there and frankly I'd love to forget the whole thing too,” Bo said, as he watched the boy chasing Boris around the park.
“What's the other part? Why aren't they checks from Beaumont?” Josey asked.
“You didn't hear it from me, but-” he looked around the park in all directions then whispered. “I think they cut a deal to develop the virus for military applications and the government paid off Beaumont Industries as well.”
“You have got to be shitting me,” Josey whispered angrily.
Bo shook his head and said, “I shit you not and I'd suggest you forgot I even mentioned it. But you people deserve to know the truth.”

“Do you know what happened to those people at that store?” Cheryl asked.
He looked around the park again nervously and decided to take a chance. “The kid in the van was using her video camera and I eventually got to see the footage. Turns out this guy, Issac, had gotten infected and managed to find his way out of the valley and somehow made it all the way to the store.
The video showed the girl's dad offering him a bottle of water and Issac started chasing him around the parking lot. It wasn't funny and yet the girl holding the video camera can be heard laughing her head off while her dad was being chased around. It could easily have been the start of a whole new nightmare if things didn't take an unexpected turn.
The door to the store opened and the clerk came out swinging a baseball bat. She's a big lady and when she hit this Issac kid he was knocked out-cold on the pavement.”
“So, that's it?” Josey asked.
“Almost. They got some duct tape from inside the store and wrapped him up. After they finished wrapping him up along came another kid that looked like he bought his clothes at the same store as the Issac guy. Name was Jeremiah something or other and this kid was just torn all to shit but not infected. Someone said he suffered a concussion and couldn't even remember his own name.
Anyway, before the Issac kid woke up again, the cops arrived seized everyone and everything including the girl’s camera,” Bo said, sipping his lemonade.

“And that accounts for everyone who was down there; everyone who made it out alive and uninfected?” Maria asked doubtfully.
“Why do you ask, and why are you staring at me like that?” Bo asked looking slightly red- faced.
“You saw the man with the monkey when we were in that scary laboratory place in Montana, don't deny it. Who was he? He was involved in it all somehow, wasn't he?”
Bo sighed and shook his head. “I was the one who found him. Before the CDC ordered a lid on the whole place, the sheriff sent squads to check for any survivors. There's not much to say really. But, it was the weirdest damn thing I've ever seen.”
“What? What happened?” Josey asked, both looking and sounding exasperated.

Bo checked to make certain Billy was still out of earshot, leaned forward, and spoke slowly. “I went to this really old trailer that a helicopter pilot spotted and reported its location to the sheriff . There were two corpses in a nearby stream, not moving around zombie corpses... just regular dead guys. I told the two deputies that came with me to leave the bodies where they were. We approached the trailer and all of us were nervous... okay, actually we were a bit more than just nervous. There was a bloody gory mess splattered both on and around some kind of wooden lounge chair that was beside the door. Plus, hanging overhead, there must have been at least fifty thousand dollars worth of drying marijuana hung up on clothes lines. I may not be the sharpest officer in the world but instantly understood that whoever lived there could be very dangerous. Even if there hadn't been a couple of corpses in the stream, I would have been worried because drug dealers are very unpredictable and often dangerous.” 
Bo paused and rubbed at his eyes, sighed and said, “After everything that I'm about to tell you happened, one of the deputies discovered dozens of cigar boxes stuffed with cash and I warned him to not mess with anything. I've known drug dealers that sometimes set booby traps where they stash their money and, much later, after the CDC folks had taken over operations that trailer exploded and two of their field investigators died in the blast. I never heard from anyone about what happened but suspect they triggered some kind of a bomb.”
“Bo, I like you but suspect that you're stalling,” Maria said accusingly.
Cheryl gave Maria a dirty look that said, without words, Shut up, he's hurting.
Bo missed the look as he stared down at the wooden picnic table and resumed speaking. “Okay, here's what happened. The trailer door was locked. So with the two deputies on either side of me, holding shotguns ready, I kicked in the door and kept thinking and hoping that there were no booby traps.
Adrenalin does funny things to any person. Plus, you guys have to remember it was a Hell of a day for me already.” Bo paused, shook his head, and rubbed his chin while nervously looking at the people around the table.
Cheryl reached over, gently squeezed Bo's hand, and softly said, “It's alright. You don't have to tell us anymore if it's too hard to talk about.”
“No. It's okay. I still have nightmares about it. Sometimes drinking helps me forget, at least for awhile. Maybe talking it out will help. I sure can't tell anyone else about what happened. They'd think I was nuts,” Bo said, sipped some more lemonade and took a deep steadying breath before continuing.
“I was the first to go inside the trailer and I was scared. I know cops aren't supposed to be scared but I certainly was. There was a giant snake in the corner of the room that looked like it was moving toward me. When I say giant snake what I mean is it was long and thick like a monster from a horror movie. I freaked out and fired my shotgun at it.
The other two deputies quickly moved up on both sides of me and opened fired too. Altogether, we must have shot the damn thing twenty times.”
“It must have been one tough snake,” Josey said, holding Maria's hand, as Cheryl kept an eye on her son chasing after Boris.
Bo's face was bright red as he coughed then continued. “It probably was a tough snake at one time, but turns out it was dead before we even shot it. Fact of the matter is, it didn't even have a head on its body.”
Their boisterous laughter lasted for quite a while and Bo smiled along with the others nodding his head.

Maria looked at Bo, picked up a plastic fork and held it like a weapon. “That’s enough beating around the bush, Officer Gringo. What about the man and the monkey?” She said, looking frustrated.
Bo sighed and shook his head again. He took a deep breath and continued. “Eventually, we learned the man's name was Charlie Farro. He's still alive, at least that's the last thing I heard. But he damn near gave me a heart attack when I first saw him.”
The deputy's face faded from pink embarrassment to a disturbing paleness as he continued. “I've seen a lot of weird shit in my life but nothing more terrifying and at the same time as pitiful as Mr. Farro. What initially made me look in his direction was a cute little monkey.
After we shot the snake to tiny bits, the monkey was screeching at me and jumping up and down. The smoke from the shotguns was thick in the trailer and at first I had a hard time seeing clearly. Everyone quickly reloaded and the other deputies searched the rest of the trailer as I considered the monkey.
It took a turkey baster and reached up squirting water under a towel.
That was when I realized it was on the lap of a man sitting in a beat up old recliner with a big towel draped over his head. The monkey finished squirting the water and sat back on the man's lap while looking up at me.” Bo stopped and cleared his throat.
His eyes looked watery as he continued, “I pulled off the towel expecting to find a dead body, and I swear to God he really did look dead. And not just dead, but royally fucked up dead. It looked like someone had ripped off his face and shot off the right side of it just for good measure.
Then I realized he wasn't wearing some kind of goofy hat that looked like a python. The fucking snake's head was embedded around his skull. I nearly threw up as the deputies came back into the living room and then one of them, King I think, opened the front door and blew chunks all over the porch.
I don't know how I did it, but somehow managed to keep it under control and didn't vomit. It was a real struggle, I promise you that. After a few seconds, I was about to report another dead body to the command post when the man sitting in the chair looked up at me and gurgled.”
Bo abruptly stopped speaking, wiped at his eyes with a paper towel and stood up quickly.

“Well, I need to get back on patrol,” he said, in a choked and strained voice turning away from everyone.
Cheryl stood and went over to where Bo stood and hugged him.
He hugged her back, cleared his throat and nodded weakly.
“It's okay Bo,” Cheryl said, still holding him.
“I still see his face, or rather what remained of it, in my nightmares sometimes. And I know it's impossible he said what I thought I heard when he gurgled at me, but I still think about it. I mean, it makes no sense and his voice was so garbled I must have misheard him,” Bo said, looking at the setting afternoon sun.
A long pause stretched out awkwardly for almost a minute.
Josey finally broke the silence. “You don't have to tell us, Bo. We understand.”
Bo glanced at him with a half hopeful look and then said, “If you ever do understand please explain it to me. Charlie Farro, that poor pathetic bastard, looked at me with his one glazed over eye and gurgled seven words. He was hard to understand, but I'm sure I got them right. He said, 'I should have chosen door number one'.”

They all shared a bewildered look for a long time before Bo put on his hat and said, “I have one last bit of advice for you guys. Keep quiet. If you think someone might be listening to your phone calls, or reading your mail, or email, I think you'd be right. Take care of yourselves.”
“Thanks Bo. Be careful,” they called as he walked back to the cruiser and drove off.
“They can threaten us, sure, but I don't think they can keep it quiet forever,” Cheryl said, shaking her head.
“You're thinking about what happened at that town west of the trailer park, Laguna? They said it was just a Mexican gang warfare thing in the newspapers,” Maria said.
“Three hundred and twenty dead is what the newspaper reported. But you know what made me think it may be a lot more than they reported?” Cheryl asked, looking around the park until she spotted Boris and Billy walking slowly back toward the table.
“The heads?” Josey whispered while nodding.
“What kind of gang kills three hundred and twenty men women and children, cuts off their heads, and builds a bonfire at the high school football field to dispose of the bodies? Want to know what I think happened out there?“ Cheryl asked.
“No,” Josey and Maria answered simultaneously.
###


Closing thoughts, thanks, and just a bit of rambling


Storytelling: The very word conjures images of an old man, perhaps with a long white beard, sitting beside a fireplace sharing tales. Perhaps he's spinning out stories to a group of children, their faces upturned, eyes wide, listening with fascination. That is... IF the story is any good.
What makes a good story?
I subscribe to the following recipe: Characters should be people the reader can identify with facing challenges and circumstances outside the scope of everyday life. A logical progression of the plot along with actions that would make the most sense given the situation is also essential. Believability is perhaps the most overlooked of elements in many novels, and yet it is perhaps the most important. Why would a character do something? What motivates them? Would their actions be successful?
The last ingredient that I can't resist using is a sprinkling of humor. Note I used the word sprinkling- just a small amount, where and when it would make sense and be reasonable. Valley of Death, Zombie Trailer Park is not a story made with the intent of getting you to laugh, but in the midst of life's tragedies and horrific events I believe humor is often present.
Think for a moment of any major national or personal disaster and you will probably remember something that was funny about it. Not in all cases, but sometimes from tragedy comes humor.
Want an example?
Sure you do.
Back in 2002, about the time I first started on this novel, my wife left me. It was truthfully the hardest time in my life, but something happened as a result that still makes me laugh. My coworkers knew I was hurting badly and wanted to do something nice for me.
Several of them chipped in some money and bought me a Playstation 2 video game system.
I imagine the thought was something like, Gee, sorry your wife left you. But now you can fill that empty hole in your heart with hours of video games. To me that was as sincerely touching as it was hilarious.
Valley of Death Zombie Trailer Park is a novel written not as just another horror story. It has spent a very long time percolating in the swampy regions of my brain. The story was written with great care, love and frustration and I hoped you enjoyed it. But in truth, part of me doesn't really care if anyone ever reads or likes it.
It was a great deal of fun to create and to me that's the best part of this novel. It let my mind wander and hang out with a friend I rarely get to play with anymore; My sick and twisted imagination.

Addendum, Scribed at the end of August 2014
I just finished revising this novel for the absolutely last time. The experience was more fun than I remembered, in any of my previous revisions. I really like this story quite a bit and thought I’d comment on a few of my favorite parts and issues some readers have raised in emails and reviews.
My favorite scene is one that almost drove me crazy when I wrote it. Billy, Boris, and the well with zombies was a great scene and I loved it, once I figured out something that was causing me a huge problem.
I write free flow style, which is just like it sounds like. Billy gets foot stuck in well and manages to get loose, but then Boris almost falls in the well. I got to the part where the kid’s desperately trying to hold on to the dog and realized I had absolutely no solution for their predicament.
Sure, Billy could just let go of the dog and continue on his way. BUT that’s a level of horror I never want to stoop down to in my writings. Some readers might not like it, but I’d absolutely HATE myself for doing that.
So, I was stuck; horribly badly stuck, in point of truth. I could have gone back and rewritten the scene, but that’s a cheat move (At least to me) plus I really liked everything about the scene and didn’t want to lose any of it.
I spent days pondering and trying to come up with a reasonable solution. I don’t remember how the solution of the zombie pulling on Billy came to me, but I was thrilled when it finally came.
Some reviewers have called my writing “predictable.” Perhaps some of it may be, but at least in that particular scene I believe it was anything but predictable.
What else can I say about this story?
I guess what caught my attention was the number of times I almost cried while editing it again. Some scenes just make me feel oddly choked up. (And I wrote the thing!) The colonel and Billy’s relationship always makes me feel mushy. The grandfather’s sacrifice was hard to write, but in the end it just felt right. (Some jerks would say ‘predictable’ but I don’t care)

I got an email where a reader asked why so many good people died, and Charlie Farro lived? It’s a reasonable question and a hard one to answer. Without getting too philosophical or religious, I think the question is similar to the one that asks, “Why do bad things happen to good people?” The sad fact of life is simple; bad things happen all the time. It’s hard to write a novel full of crazy undead people where bad things don’t happen to good people. I don’t think I could do it.
As to Charlie Farro, everyone’s most reviled villainous goober, I did a pretty sneaky thing with his character. When readers start learning about him, I like to think most people can’t help feeling bad for him. He’s a war veteran who lost both legs and an arm, and then falls in love with a girl who shreds his heart and steals his van full of great 8 track music.
But then I turned the tables and readers learned just how much of a despicable person he actually was. (Like I said, “Pretty sneaky”)
So, why did Charlie live?
Simply put, “I believe death would be much too easy and quick a punishment for the back stabbing, double dealing larcenous perverted worm. Hanging is too good for him, burning is too good for him. He should be torn into little itsy pieces and buried alive!”
–That last quote was borrowed from the excellent early 80’s motion picture Heavy Metal.
Agonizing pain for the rest of his life seemed more than reasonable a punishment than just a quick death to me. Anyway, that’s why he lived.

Why didn't Charlie Farro become infected with the virus?
I have gotten this question a couple of times in e-mails and thought it weird that people wondered about that. If he'd been bitten, spit on, or had any other kind of bodily fluid transfer from his infected attacker, Charlie definitely would have become infected and transformed. BUT he had his eyeball plucked out and face peeled off then eaten. There really wasn't a way for the virus to transfer given those circumstances or at least that's my story and I'm sticking with it.

Was Carl really a ghost or a figment of Charlie’s imagination?
I wrote the story and don’t know the answer to that, so I’ll let you decide for yourselves.

How stupid is Josey? That’s a question someone wrote to complain about. Principally the complaint regarded his trying to pull the colonel’s trailer out of the park. The writer said something to the effect “No one’s that stupid.”
I don’t think it was a particularly bad idea, given Josey’s worries about some nameless general ordering a nuke to be dropped on the valley. Was it a GREAT idea?
No, but it was reasonable to Josey’s character and that’s good enough for me.

For those who may have noticed, yes, both Colonel Lester and Josey give Billy very similar advice at different points in the story. I think it’s fairly valuable advice, personally. And I suspect it would be reasonable for both of those men to say something very similar to Billy given the circumstances in the story.
It all boils down to this: “It doesn’t matter if you screw up when you’re trying to do something. Trying is always more important than succeeding, because if you never try you can never succeed.” I subscribe very much to that bit of philosophy, as well as the two tidbits Mrs. Phyllis Remlap’s dad told her after he lost an arm in a traffic accident. “It could always be worse,” and “It will all work out eventually.”

A very long time ago, back in 2002, after my wife got sick of me and our two kids I was a very depressed and sad single full time father. It took me quite a bit of time to overcome what had happened to my world, but eventually I realized Mrs. Remlap’s dad had it right.
On the bright side or the “It could always be worse” side of Life’s Ledger, unlike some mentally disturbed women who have wanted out of a marriage bad enough to drown or somehow otherwise murder their children, my wife merely took off one day and chose to ignore them. Her departure could have always been much worse and I’m grateful every day that, as bad as it was, it wasn’t any worse.
The idea that it will all work out meshes nicely with what I just wrote, I think. Every time something horrible or just really bad happens in my life, I always try to remember that “Things always work out... eventually.”
A flat tire on the side of the interstate sucks but rarely is the end of the world. Getting chewed out by a supervisor at work because you screwed up is never pleasant, but eventually things tend to get better. Even being diagnosed with a horrible incurable disease does not mean things won’t work out.
I can hear some people who read that last sentence shouting, “What did he just say?!”
But, I stand by the belief that no matter what happens, everything works out. Let’s say I was diagnosed with some horrible inoperable cancer tomorrow. I have no doubt it would be a very depressing and sad thing. But I hope I’d eventually come to realize, “Everything will work out.”
Everyone dies in life. It’s just a matter of when and how. If I were given six months to live, before cancer killed me, I’d hope I would have the good sense to be grateful for each remaining day and try harder to be a good person and get my affairs in order before the Grinning Reaper (I don’t think he’s particularly grim, really) comes for me.
People die every day in car accidents and other unexpected ways. On the bright side, with a terminal disease I’d KNOW that death was coming sooner rather than later.
Okay, that’s enough personal philosophy.

A few words of thanks also seem in order so here it goes.
Derek Stack has been a life-long friend and without his deviant mind's many deeply disturbing facets, Charlie Farro would have suffered far less. Thank you, Derek.
Jerry Shoemaker is a good friend who also has a twisted streak that is almost as disturbing as his freakishly long hair.
Hadden Smith IV, deserves a cookie for his unwavering support and his most excellent cover art.
And Billie Bunn is an awesome guy as well as a good friend.
And a special thanks to my children and all my other friends who suffered through the birth of Valley of Death, Zombie Trailer Park.

Feel free to visit my website for updates on future projects at: 
https://sites.google.com/site/hoppublications/home
Or you could send me an email at handsonppbooks@gmail.com and say "HI!"

SELF SERVING FAVOR BEGGING & SOME LAST THOUGHTS
(No, really, I mean it this time. These are my last thoughts)

If you've read this far I'd like to ask you for a favor. YES, I know you already read this long weird story and have much better things to do, but I'm going to ask for the favor anyway. I've heard other writers describe creating a story as going to a well, lowering a bucket and trying to crank the winch to haul up something worth putting down on paper. Sadly, that analogy doesn't work particularly well for me.
A better one is where my brain is a cow. (an old surly sometimes lazy beast that doesn't like being milked) It would rather run and play in verdant fields of clover or just watch TV and eat some ice cream. (Which most respectable cows just don't do)
Anyhow, the point about hating to cut or lose something I've written is simple- After milking my surly brain for the words I absolutely abhor the idea of tossing away a bucket of the hard earned stuff. (Sorta rambling, aren't I?)
I really do enjoy milking my surly cow of a brain and squirting out stories. It's actually quite a bit on fun when the juices are flowing, so to speak, but...and this is hard for me to write...The cow likes to feel appreciated. I know you already read this story and probably feel that should be thanks enough for such a bovine beast. And you're absolutely right, but if you could take a few minutes to write a review wherever you downloaded a copy and share your thoughts on what I've written I would feel like a truly contented cow. Also, you might suggest to some of your weirder friends that they take a gander at some of my stuff.
And, who knows, maybe the milk in future stories will be richer and creamier. I realize it's a lot to ask but I truly appreciate it.

Everyone likes to feel appreciated, even me. I always try to remember to say thank you and please when I pick up a bag of cholesterol laden treats at the various restaurants my children desire. Usually the employees give me a weird look as if to say, “No one ever thanks me. Why did you say that? What's wrong with you?”
I think that's kind of a sad commentary on modern society.
Even my son usually remembers to say something to the employees at the pizza place after we eat. Sometimes it's short and sweet like, “Mmm, thanks. That was great.” And sometimes he goes into a long rambling (sort of pointless, actually) compliment regarding the pepperoni and cheese.
And if your truly hated whatever I've written, (Hard to imagine, yet possible) go ahead and write that. I'm a big boy and can take the heat; although sometimes the criticisms don't make much sense.

Example?
Alrighty. One reviewer, who apparently truly despised Valley of Death Zombie Trailer Park, wrote that the idea of a tornado shelter being in New Mexico was stupid or something to that effect, even in a trailer park.
I laughed so hard when I read that it hurt, but in a good way. When I was writing the story I actually did research (hard to believe, but true) and found between 1950 and 1995 tornadoes in New Mexico caused almost 26 million dollars in destruction and killed over a hundred people. The research didn't say how many that died were in mobile homes or trailers at the time, but I'd guess a few. And if I did live in a trailer park, anywhere in the world for that matter, I'd like to have a shelter nearby just in case.

Also, I don't mind when people say things like “The character wouldn't be so dumb to do something like that,” because that always makes me laugh even harder. Perhaps I just hang out with remarkably stupid people, not counting my children, but I see people do idiotic things nearly every day. Heck, I do dumb stuff as soon as I wake up in the morning and usually don't stop until collapsing in the bed again.
So, in closing, drop me a line telling me I'm wonderful or suck, whichever way you truly feel.


A very extensive gander at Zombies of All Hallows Evil
(Book Two of the KECK series)

CHAPTER ONE: Ringo Dingo

Halloween, four months after events portrayed in The Valley of Death.

The streets were nearly empty as thunderstorms loudly marched their way across central New Mexico. The rainwater gurgled down the gutters of  the suburban streets as the sun tried to peek through gaps in the gray sky. Nearly identical houses lining the streets were hard to differentiate most of the year, but recently a majority of their owners had decorated them with plastic black cats, bright orange jack-o-lanterns, plastic tombstones, and fake bloody body parts among a plethora of other 'terrifying' looking items.
It was the last day of October and as the afternoon slowly passed nearly every child was preparing for their second favorite holiday of the year; Halloween.
A candy wrapper with a small smudge of chocolate on it bobbed along a rain swollen gutter until it was swallowed down the gaping maw of a storm drain. The drain was next to an alleyway that ran behind a row of houses. There were disturbing sounds drifting from the alley. They were the sounds of pain and taunting laughter.

Three teenagers wearing black trench coats, surrounded a little boy who was curled up in the fetal position on the ground. A torn plastic bag was clutched in the boy's hand with a plethora of sugary candy scattered around his body. The largest boy kicked the cowering child in his butt, while the other two laughed and kept watch both ways up and down the alley as they scooped up the wet candy and stuffed their pockets.
“Listen good, turd breath,” the biggest boy said, resting his foot on the badly beaten boy's hip. “Don't forget who rules this neighborhood. We own every kid around here. You try skipping out on paying your dues again and we might have to get mean. Do you understand me, Billy boy?”
I understand that you're a pathetic douche bag who can only beat up younger kids, Billy thought, as he tried to speak. He wasn't sure, but strongly suspected his right arm might be broken. The boy grunted as the big kid pressed his heavy boot down harder on his hip.
“Hey, stupid, you better say something intelligent or your lesson in being a good neighbor is about to go into overtime,” Jessie snarled, and spit on Billy's head.
“I understand!” Billy yelled, as the spittle mixed with the drizzling rain and oozed across his face.
“Good boy. You might not be as dumb as I thought,” Jessie said, removing his foot and squatting down. “Now don't forget to run home and tell your mommy who messed you up. Make sure she calls the cops too. I really want you to, kid,” he said, standing up and joining his friends with their bulging pockets of stolen candy.
Billy looked up at Jessie. The bully had a Neanderthal-like sloping forehead and acne covered face that looked like a mass of greasy pimples.
“You know why I want you to tell on us? Come on, you're a smart kid, right?” Jessie asked, with his arms crossed over his chest.
“Because, if I tell you'll beat me up again,” Billy said, trying to keep from crying.
“Damn straight, boy genius. Now, don't forget to bring us the candy you get tonight after trick or treating. We'll be at our tree house, waiting. You know where it is,” Jessie said, before turning and his friends followed him down the alley as Billy got slowly to his hands and knees.

Spitting out some blood, Billy slowly crawled over to a foul smelling metal trashcan. Grabbing onto the rim, he managed to stand up. He gingerly felt his right arm and was relieved to find no broken bones.
If Boris had been here those fart knockers would be in a whole lot more pain than I am. I wish I could take him to and from school. Better yet, I wish mom had never moved here, Billy thought sadly, looking at the crushed remains of the Halloween candy he' gotten at the school party that afternoon.
He briefly considered trying to salvage some of it but quickly saw that it would be pointless. The candy was ruined. A slight movement and glint of light on the trashcan caught his attention. An average looking roach was climbing down the side but stopped as Billy stared at it. He had a moment of uncharacteristic burning desire the kill the bug before shaking his head and picking up his backpack.
In many ways, he felt sort of like the insect; small and insignificant with little real control over the events of his life.

After his grandfather died over the summer, his mother Cheryl started dating and then in whirlwind romance that Billy never understood married and moved in with Bo Autry. Bo was a retired deputy and now full time alcoholic, part time pain in the butt to Billy. He hadn't been such a jerk in the beginning.
Billy had sort of liked him and his mother had been smitten by Bo's good looks and charms. But in the months since the zombies, madness, and death in the valley, he'd grown steadily more unstable.
Bo suffered from recurring nightmares and depression which he'd been self treating with copious amounts of alcohol.
If he were the old Bo Autry, and not just a drunk, I could tell him about the bullies and he'd understand. But now... I just don't know what to do, Billy thought while shaking his head.
His pants were torn and muddy from the beating and he hoped Bo was out drinking or passed out in front of the TV so he wouldn't interrogate him about it. Not that he noticed much of anything lately.
Limping down the alley he felt like crying till he heard a familiar happy barking coming from up ahead.

Boris could smell the boy as a light breeze drifted down the alley. The dog had gotten much chubbier since the days when he'd been a stray in the trailer park where Billy's grandfather had lived. He wasn't fat yet, but between regular meals and being locked up in a small suburban backyard the dog had definitely added more than a few pounds.
Boris peered through the narrow spaces of the six foot high wooden fence and could see Billy limping toward the back gate. The dog became more alert and sniffed the air for the smells of danger as the boy unlatched the gate and entered the backyard.

It was a typical suburban backyard, very small, rectangular, and boring.
After closing the gate, Billy dropped to his knees and hugged Boris. The smell of wet grass mixed with a faint aroma of Boris's 'poop corner', as his mom called it.
The dog licked Billy's face and within a few minutes the tears stopped and he was petting his sympathetic furry friend. He even found the strength to toss his backpack, filled with a wide variety of mind numbing homework, on top of the wooden patio table and sat down in one of the metal ornamental chairs next to it.
Boris whined as he placed his head on the boy's leg and looked up at him with undeniable concern.
“It's okay, Boris. I just had a really bad day. Right now, I don't even want to go trick or treating anymore,” he said, leaning back in the chair. “I mean, what's the point? The fart knockers will just steal my candy. Heck, they might even beat me up again.” He sighed and closed his eyes as Boris licked his hand and nervously whined.
“Of course, if I don't go get candy they'll probably beat me up again anyway. I wish grandpa was still alive, he'd know what to do. He wasn't like Bo, he'd listen to me when I was in trouble.”

Boris brought a dirty, well chewed, tennis ball over and dropped it in the boy's lap.
“I'm sorry, Boris. I just don't feel like playing ball today. In fact, all I feel like doing is going to my room, doing my homework, and maybe crying some more.”
Boris looked around the backyard trying to think of something to distract the boy from his problems. The boy smelled of fear and overwhelming sadness.
Billy's nose had stopped bleeding, but bright crimson streaks were prominent of his small miserable face.
Unable to think of anything else to do, the dog curled up at Billy's feet and looked worried.

Staring out through the small open window behind the kitchen sink, Bo Autry trembled. His mouth had a foul sour aftertaste of bourbon and his head felt uncomfortably heavy as he looked at the boy and dog.
“They might even beat me up again,” he heard the boy's words echoing in his head and tried to focus.
The middle-aged former deputy stared out the window and noted the smears of blood on the boy's face and his torn pants. For the first time in over a month, he felt something other than self pity. Bo's hands were clenched tightly in fists at his sides as he turned away from the window and walked stiffly to the staircase and climbed them.
Billy, you may not know it yet but you are going trick or treating tonight. I just hope whoever beat on you this afternoon tries it again. Oh God, I really hope they try it again, Bo thought, as he went to the master bathroom he shared with Cheryl. He almost yelped after spotting the bleary eyed chubby man with the beard and long, unruly, greasy looking hair staring back at him in the mirror.
Good Lord, what have I done to myself?
He shook his head, warily staring at the bum in the mirror and wondered, How can Cheryl tolerate me this way?
His scruffy beard and mustache felt unpleasantly greasy as he touched it. He turned the hot water faucet on and retrieved his straight razor and shaving cream from the medicine cabinet. Where they'd remained untouched for almost two months.
The steam rose as he shaved, covering the hidden miniature camera's lens in the air conditioning vent on the ceiling. 

*****

While the rain clouds blew apart, a large buzzard lazily circled high up in the mid-afternoon sky. Without understanding what it saw, the bird flew in a high lazy pattern over the remote valley it had been born in.
Migrating back for the winter, its sharp eyes recognized very little below.
There were a few bulldozers, trucks and men in white bio-hazard suits, but no animals moved in the valley. Which struck the bird as odd since it was teeming with rabbits and rats just last spring.
A long, ten foot high, chain link fence encircled the entire valley. The only road leading into the vale was blocked by a shut and securely locked gate. Near the tall fence a pair of double wide trailers and a tall skinny metal communications tower stood where they hadn't been last spring.

The large bird swooped in lower and landed on the tower looking at the buildings, the fence, and the gate. It spotted something interesting and flew down to the base of the fence to investigate.
A jack rabbit's decomposing body lay just inches from the softly humming fence. The buzzard looked cautiously around, but saw no one nearby to interrupt his snack. It tore into the corpse with its beak and sharp talons and ate well.

“Yum yum. Hey, sergeant, wanna come over and see something gross?” A young man in green military fatigues asked, standing beside a window facing the fence.
The sergeant made hushing gestures and continued to listen to the person who had called after the rains had come through. The a pen in his hand had been furiously scribbling for the last fifteen minutes on a notepad.
God, this is boring, Private Gunther Copeland thought, turning away from the window and looking at the rows of TV monitors along the control and communications console and one wall of the trailer. There were thirty monitors dedicated to the valley and another forty dedicated to those people that had survived the unpleasantness over the summer. The screens were in vivid color and had great resolution but they were boring to watch nonetheless.
Although on some happy occasions, Gunther enjoyed watching a young naked Hispanic woman going in or coming out of the shower.

Gunther flopped into his chair and stared across the screens. A squad of men wearing hazmat suits taking samples in sector four trudged around prodding the muddy ground. There was an enormous field of mud and puddles where dozens of mobile homes used to be in sector two. A little creek that had swollen with runoff from the recent rains in sector seventeen showed the only thing mildly interesting. He yawned, shook his head slowly, and stared at that monitor.
A large tanker truck filled with bleach and other chemicals was shooting a spray of disinfectants into the air and into the stream.
He continued smoking a cigarette and leaned back in his chair watching the monitors with a dazed bored expression.

“Yes sir. I understand. It's being taken care of even as we speak,” Sergeant Paulson said, for the tenth time since the call came in nearly half an hour earlier when the rains first started.
“Are you certain you have enough disinfectants in the truck to accommodate the additional runoff from the rains?” Dr. David Peters, special presidential adviser from the Centers for Disease Control, asked over the phone.
“Yes sir, as I said earlier, the crew I spoke to said the tanker was replaced just yesterday. And they say, in spite of the rain, no contaminated elements will leave the valley.”
“I'm having some trouble receiving the video feed, here in Atlanta, how heavy was the storm? Rain in New Mexico! I thought it never rained there. Have squads been checking the fence perimeter for any other possible runoff sites?”
“Yes sir. Seems we caught a break in that only Farro's Stream in sector seventeen is a point of runoff. It rained pretty steady for almost an hour then tapered off.”
“Weather report says the storms should be breaking up out there. Can you confirm that?”
“I'm looking out the window now. The clouds have broken up or moved out. Looks clear to me.”
“Okay. I'm sorry if I've been coming across like an ass, sergeant, but this is the first rain we've had since the incident back in July. I thought we'd have more time to finish sterilizing the valley by now. But the Environmental Protection Agency held up parts of the cleanup with all their stupid rules and regulations. Just keep a close eye on the monitors and keep me informed of anything unusual,” Dr. Peters said.
“No problem sir, we're keeping an eye on things.”
“Alright, I'll be in my office for the next few hours. Call there, if you need me.”
“Yes s-,” Sergeant Paulson started to say as he heard the dial tone of a disconnected call. He hung up muttering, “Rude little booger. Just hang up after chewing on my ear for nearly half an hour. And all because of some stupid rain.”
Private first class Gunther Copeland didn't answer. He was leaning back in his chair, facing the monitors with his eyes shut, sleeping soundly.
Sergeant Paulson grunted in annoyance and retrieved the dropped cigarette that had fallen from the snoring man's fingers.

The buzzard finished its meal and flew over the fence. It circled the valley for several minutes, looking down, unable to understand what had happened to his home. Flying lower it landed in a small clearing far away from the men working in other parts of the valley. It hopped over to a trickle of water and drank. Cocking its head to the left, it listened to the sound of rushing water and moved over to a small fence about five feet square.
In the center of the fenced in area was a recessed space with rainwater flowing in from the surrounding higher ground.
The bird looked at the metal sign on the fence and squawked. The words on it read Danger, Abandoned Well!
The bird drank from one the small streams flowing under the fence and listened to the water falling into the well. It looked at the valley briefly and decided to find a more inviting winter home. Flying swiftly into the afternoon sky it quickly became a speck on the horizon.

In July, when the valley had been a nearly deserted trailer park, several undead bodies ended up in the now fenced off well. Government officials removed and destroyed them before draining the well as a safety precaution.
It was designated as a 'clean site' in the reports that followed the incident. Plans were in place to have it filled with concrete, but it had been put on the back burner while the rest of the valley was sterilized. Further complicating matters, the Environmental Protection Agency’s on-site representative and his stacks of regulations also made the long abandoned well an issue for handling later. There were studies and a host of tests needed to be performed, according to the bureaucrat, before the well could eventually be dealt with.
Millions of gallons of various chemicals had been sprayed on nearly every square inch of the valley in an attempt to kill or neutralize any remaining sources of the Keck Virus.
It was named after Stephen Keck who had unintentionally unleashed a small scale zombie apocalypse that claimed nearly a hundred victims.
No plants grew in the decimated valley. The topsoil had been scraped clean and treated in ways officials were sure would destroy any remaining elements of the virus that had caused the residents to go violently insane until they died and rose again as zombies. Even Farro's Stream was designated practically clean. But after it was decided overkill was justified, chemical sprayers had been placed in and around the stream to prevent runoff which could conceivably contain the virus.
It was a good plan.
Unfortunately, the officials overlooked something rather important.

There are aquifers throughout the southwestern United States; vast underground networks of water that await anyone with the desire and resources to sink a well into them. They are used to pump the water out and use it for all manner of things. Farmers and ranchers use it for crops and livestock, remote homesteads too far from urban water supplies use it, even major municipalities like Albuquerque New Mexico tap into the aquifers for the municipal water supplies.
In the aftermath of the horrific incident in this remote valley and the subsequent plan to cover the story up, no one in the government had thought to ask a geologist about the aquifers. It hadn't rained and the stream seemed a logical point to stop any possible viral outbreak.

The abandoned well was pumped dry after the dead and undead had been removed, but no one had thought to flood the shaft with the chemicals they were using everywhere else throughout the valley. Workers had been told the well would be filled with concrete, which if the EPA hadn't interfered would have happened long before the rain came.
As the rain runoff filled the well, gravity and pressure forced a tiny amount of viral contaminants into the aquifer system below. The water flowed swiftly through the underground channels, undetected, unsuspected, and unseen, into the deep dark naturally occurring cauldron.

*****

The clown called Ringo Dingo juggled and the children screamed in ecstasy as only a pack of preschoolers could exhibit for such a stupid display. Katie had always been afraid of clowns growing up, but her snotty little brother had talked their mom into getting one for his birthday. The eleven year old girl wasn't going out in the backyard while the clown was there. She watched her mom putting a dozen multicolored cupcakes on a tray and listened to her MP3 music player wishing the birthday party was over.
Katie didn't exactly hate her little brother, Dabney, but it was as close to hate as a big sister could have without the violent use of a sharpened butcher knife.
He was loud, annoying, sneaky, and in a multitude of ways, disgusting. He'd learned to belch on command and took great pride in frequently demonstrating his talent.

“Katie!” Her mother yelled, from across the kitchen.
“What?” She answered, yanking out her ear buds. Looking at her mom, she fought down with great difficulty the temptation of heaving a loud sigh of exasperation.
“I asked you to fix the lemonade ten minutes ago. Is it ready yet?”
“I forgot. I'll do it. Just a minute,” she said with a loud sigh and headed for the sink.
“Never mind, here, take out this tray of cupcakes while I do it.”
“Mom please, I'll do it. You take out the cupcakes. You don't want to miss anymore of Dabney's birthday party, do you?” Katie asked, walking quickly to the sink and turning away from her mother.
“Okay, but hurry up, make it and bring it outside. We have a group of hungry little monsters in the backyard,” her mother said with a grin while carrying the tray out through the open sliding glass door.

Katie pulled out the big plastic pitcher and opened the jar of powdered lemonade mix. She looked at the little kids outside with their faces all painted up like monsters and smiled slightly.
Her mother, who worked in the cosmetics department at a store downtown, had done the makeup for each child as they arrived. She gave each kid a choice and after all of them were transformed there were three clowns, two puppies, one kitten and five zombies. Katie thought, The makeup job doesn't look too bad, except the zombie kids looked weird with painted on smiles clashing with the fake blood on their faces.
She put the pitcher in the sink and turned on the faucet. The pipes rattled and only a trickle of water came out. Realizing the cistern was probably empty, she grunted in annoyance and flipped on the switch to the well's pump.
Katie looked out the window while waiting for the water and saw the kids laughing with icing from the cupcakes smeared on their faces. She looked past them to the barn and wanted more than anything, at that moment, to go saddle up Sparky and take a long ride.
Sparky was her horse. Her mom may say that he's both hers and her brother's horse but she knew better.
In the distance, she saw the sun beginning to drift down toward the horizon and some of the kid’s parents standing around waiting for the party to be over. Beyond them she saw the long driveway that joined a dirt road which stretched off toward the county road several miles away.
As the pipes rattled and a gush of water began to fill the pitcher, she wondered if there might be time to go for a ride on Sparky once the party was over.

*****

Billy went to his bedroom after his shower and looked at the costume his mom had gotten him for Halloween. It was supposed to be a magician's outfit. There was a black top hat with a small white rabbit on a spring, so that when removed it wound pop out.
The magic wand had a little button that would shoot out a multicolored bouquet of flowers when pressed.
Ooh, look out Voldermort, here comes Billy. Also known as he who shall be stupid looking, he thought, putting on the black slacks and white long sleeved shirt.
Billy looked at the black sequin studded jacket with that had the words Magic Man written in little multicolored LED lights on the back. Flicking on the batteries inside the jacket, he stared at the glowing words feeling embarrassed to even be in the same room with such a garment. Turning off the lights, he slipped on the jacket.
Picking up the only part of his costume that he really liked, Billy wrapped the cape around his neck. It wasn't silk but felt like it. It was very black on the outside and blinding bright red inside.
“Good evening. I vant to suck your blood,” he said, staring menacingly in the mirror, before chuckling and grabbing his empty pillowcase.
Maybe, if I fill this whole thing up, I can make Jessie and his friends ease off, he hoped, sprinting down the staircase.

“Billy, come eat your dinner,” Cheryl called, from the kitchen.
The doorbell rang as he walked into the kitchen. He turned to go back to the door, but his mom grabbed the bowl of candy and trotted past him. “You go eat, I'll handle this. It's chicken, you'll like it.”
Billy stared at the grilled chicken breast sitting on the plate with a mountainous looking pile of Brussels sprouts sitting next to it and felt nauseated. “It's chicken, you'll like it,” he whispered in a high pitched mocking voice, picking up the plate and hurrying to the back door. He heard his mom laughing as she gave out candy and quickly opened the door.
Boris looked up hopefully and wagged his tail rapidly.
“Here boy, eat this crap,” Billy whispered, sliding his dinner into the dog's bowl.
Boris was happy to oblige and was chomping happily as Billy quickly put the plate in the dishwasher. He grabbed his pillowcase and was heading for the front door when he heard Bo's voice coming from the darkened dining room through the small archway. “I told her you wouldn't like that stuff for dinner.”
Billy stopped suddenly and looked a little scared.
“It's okay, Billy. I'll tell her I saw you eat it. Come on in here for a second, and flip on the light.”
The doorbell rang again as Billy went into the dining room, after turning on the light switch. Looking at Bo he stopped and stared in amazement.
He'd shaved and was dressed in clean clothes. He didn't smell of booze either. His eyes were still bloodshot, but overall he looked better than he had in weeks.
“I'm trying to cut down. Your mom was happily surprised to see me shaved and cleaned up too. Now, if I can get past this hangover, I'll be happy,” he said, smiling. There was a plate with half a chicken breast and a small pile of Brussels sprouts on the table in front of him.
“Well um, you do look a lot better, Mr. Autry,” Billy said, unsure what else to say. His mom told him Bo wouldn’t mind his calling him Dad, or even just Bo, but Billy felt weird calling the man he’d only met a few months earlier anything other than Mr. Autry.
“I know you wanna get to trick or treating, but I want you to take this,” Bo said, sliding a cell phone across the table. “If you get lost or anything give me a call. Unless, of course, you want me to go with you.” Bo had thought hard about how to approach Billy regarding the bullies and decided to let him choose.
Billy picked up the phone and put it in his magician's jacket pocket. He wasn't sure what to say. Part of him wanted Bo to come with him, but a bigger part felt ashamed to ask.
I'm not a wimp. I 'm not a baby either. But it'd sure be nice to have him along, he realized.
“Thanks for the offer, Mr. Autry, but I think I can handle things,” Billy said, while a small part of his brain screamed, YES! Come with me! Protect me from those fart knockers! I'm just a kid!

Bo saw the look of indecision in the boy's eyes and felt even angrier with the bastards who beat up Billy, than he had earlier. At the same time he admired the determination he saw in the kid's face.
He had considered the possibility Billy would rather go alone and had two backup plans. One was Cheryl's cell phone he had the boy take. It had a function that would allow him to track where he was within twenty five feet. His other backup was one he knew Billy would agree to.

“Did you finish your dinner?” Cheryl asked, after giving out candy to the pack of early trick or treaters and wandering into the dining room.
Billy looked up guiltily and Bo spoke up. “He ate all the chicken, but I begged him to let me have some of his Brussels sprouts. You know how much I love them.”
Billy smiled up at his mom and dramatically patted his belly. “It was delicious. Better than the golden arches chicken nuggets and healthier for me, too.”
Easy kid, she's gonna smell something amiss, Bo thought.
Cheryl had a suspicious look in her eye and was about to speak when the doorbell rang again. “Well, I'm glad you liked it. Be home by nine o'clock, be safe and have fun,” she said, walking back to the front door.

“Maybe you should take Boris out with you. He could use a walk after eating your dinner,” Bo whispered.
“That's a great idea,” Billy said, with a grin.
“And be home by nine, like your mom said.”
“I will,” Billy said, running for the backdoor with his pillowcase clutched in his hand. 

After the boy left the kitchen, Bo opened his cell phone, pressed a few buttons, and a map with a flashing blue dot appeared on the screen.
He stabbed a Brussels sprout with his fork and bit it down, thinking, Nasty damn things. Feels like I have a green testicle in my mouth. Choking it down, he smiled as Cheryl came back in carrying the bowl of candy. 
“What made you get so cleaned up? You look just like the sexy man I met last summer?” She asked, playfully.
Bo had a headache. It had been a dull throbbing pain all afternoon until she asked him what was going on. It suddenly felt like a red hot spike was thrust into his brain.
Good God, I need a drink, he thought, but managed a feeble smile and said, “Just felt it was time to get my shit together, that's all.” He stood up and slid the cell phone into his dark leather jacket. “But I've really got a bad headache right now, so I might go outside for a walk and try to clear my head.”
“I have some pain pills if you want something,” she said, tenderly holding his hand and looking up at him in concern. The doorbell rang but she didn't move.
“I'll be fine. You better give out some candy before we start getting tricked.” He held her for a few moments and kissed her lips gently. “I'll be back, after awhile.”
“Okay. Love you, Bo,” she said, carrying the candy bowl toward the front door.
“Yeah, uh, I love you too,” he mumbled, going through the door into the garage.

Billy knew his dog would behave himself, but attached the leash to his collar just in case he got spooked by all the kids dressed up like monsters. Boris had finished off any evidence of the grilled chicken and seemed happy to be going for a walk. Usually during the week, between school and the time required to master the mystically confusing and ultimately useless skill of algebra among his other homework assignments, he never had time to take Boris for a walk.
“You better behave yourself out there tonight, fuzzy butt. No biting anyone, unless it's the fart knocker Jessie and his shit head friends. If they show up, feel free to go demon dog on them,” Billy said, as he led Boris through the back gate and latched it shut behind them.

Together, they ran down the alley in the direction opposite of where he'd been beaten up earlier.
Wishing he'd thought to make up some sort of costume for Boris, they ran to the first decorated house and followed kids dressed up for a night of fun. The sun was still above the horizon as he got his first treat of the evening. It wasn't one of those tiny 'fun size' candy bars, either. It was full size and he flashed his jacket's goofy lights that spelled out 'Magic Man' for the lady and waved his wand dramatically, producing a bouquet of flowers to show his appreciation.
She laughed and handed him a second candy bar before waving another group of kids forward.
Running with Boris, he thought, This might be the best Halloween ever, even if I am dressed up like a doofus.

*****

“Well, that was a complete waste of time. I can't believe I let you talk me into giving up an afternoon of golfing to watch a bunch hyperactive twits gorge themselves with enough sugary crap to send them all into diabetic comas,” the middle-aged man grumped, as he drove down the driveway.
“Don't be that way, Lou. It was just a birthday party and Sheila loved it,” his wife said, from the passenger seat of the Mercedes. She turned around and saw her daughter sleeping peacefully in the car seat behind her husband before continuing. “You're just not happy watching kids have a good time eating candy or anything else, because you know sooner or later they'll be sitting in your chair to have their cavities filled.”
Grunting softly, Dr. Louis Bunn, one of Albuquerque New Mexico's most respected dentists stuck his tongue out at his wife while waiting for the gate at the end of the driveway to automatically swing open.
At the first sign the birthday party was ending he'd offered a quick insincere sounding thanks to the hostess before snatching up his five year old daughter and almost sprinting to the car. His afternoon had been wasted, but he planned on making up for it tonight at his country club's Halloween Spooktacular Costume Party.
If I can get rid of this damn headache, that is, he thought, passing an old pickup truck puttering along the dirt road trailing a billowing cloud of blue and white exhaust.

He blamed the children and the incessant shouting and screeching they made at the party for his throbbing head. Belching, he reached for the antacids in the console. His stomach had felt something like a swirling storm building for the past half hour. Knowing it wasn't anything he'd eaten, because he hadn't partaken of anything except a few glasses of lemonade, he hoped the stomach and headache weren't the onset of some kind of flu bug.
Of course with all those damn kids, with their snotty noses and germ coated hands, it was probable one of them gave me something. Luckily, it's Friday so maybe if I get some rest tomorrow and Sunday I'll be okay to go to work on Monday.

His wife turned on the radio and began switching stations, trying to find something to listen to. Not really in the mood for music, her husband almost said something but decided he'd bitched enough about wasting an entire afternoon and kept quiet.
It was a beautiful afternoon and the clouds from earlier had all vanished leaving the sky a flawless dark blue that normally would make him smile, but not today. With only another ten miles to home, Bobby 'Boris' Pickett's Halloween classic Monster Mash began to play but by then his headache had grown to monstrous proportions itself.
He gritted his teeth as his wife (never accused of being able to carry a tune) sang along smiling and made light playful scratches on the shoulder of his jacket with her fingernails.
Without slowing down, Lou removed his right hand from the steering wheel and punched his wife in the head slamming it against the passenger side window.

She woke up with a headache and a bruise on the side of her head, when he got out and slammed his door shut after reaching their house. The punch had happened so fast she never knew what happened. If it weren't for the swollen spot on her head she would have thought she'd simply fallen asleep. She watched Lou quickly walk up the sidewalk and kick her Siamese cat that was sunning itself on the sidewalk. It flew several feet before landing in the yard and ran into some shrubs.
She gently rubbed the swollen spot and looked back at her still snoozing daughter.
Lou wouldn't have hit me. No way. I must have just fallen asleep and whacked my head on the window or something, she thought, getting out of the car and going around to get her daughter out.
As she unstrapped the little girl's seat belt, Sheila opened her eyes and growled ferociously at her mom and tried to bite her arm. She pulled back and almost screamed before the girl smiled and looked up at her.
“What's the matter mommy? That's what zombies are supposed to do.”

*****

Katie finished picking up the last of the trash from the birthday party and carried the nearly full jumbo size plastic bag to the cans beside the stable.
Dabney was playing with his favorite new toy. And even nearly a hundred yards away, she could hear him laughing like a lunatic as he made the remote controlled robot roll around on its treads and fire its annoyingly loud 'laser cannons'.
The horse nickered at her when it stuck its head out through one of the stable's open windows. She quickly put the trash in the can and went to the horse making soft clicking noises with her tongue.
“Hiya, Sparky. How's my big fella? All those kids running around must have been as annoying to you as they were for me.” She took a few sugar cubes out of her leather jacket and held them up in her open palm.
Sparky made them disappear with a flick of his tongue and nuzzled the girl's long hair with his nose. His hooves stomped nervously as Dabney squealed and continued to play, in the distance.
She patted Sparky's neck and murmured promises that everything would be okay, until the horse settled down.
The sun was already slowly dipping into the horizon. Had the party ended sooner she could have taken a quick ride, but it would be dark before she could have him saddled.
Or would it? She thought a second before opening the stable door and grabbing her saddle.

After getting the bridle and bit in place, she was buckling on the saddle when a faint scream came from the direction of the house.
Sparky apparently heard the disturbing sound as well and the horse reared back snorting nervously.
Katie patted him on his soft light brown neck, while looking at the house.
Dabney was on the patio giggling and pointing at the sliding glass door.
She shrugged and led the horse out of the stable. Climbing up in the saddle, Katie heard another odd noise coming from somewhere near her brother. Curiosity being one of her greatest traits, she clicked her tongue and rode toward her irritating little brother.
Dabney smiled up at her and babbled excitedly while pointing at the sliding glass door.
“Momma's being scary and funny,” the boy announced as he giggled.
Riding closer, Katie saw their mother on the other side of the glass scratching at it.
She was naked except for her panties. Her mother's eyes were open wide and the usually white parts were a solid pink almost red color. Seeing Katie and the horse, she yelled and threw herself against the glass.
“Mom, what are you doing? Are you okay?” Katie asked in confusion, climbing off the horse.
“Momma's being silly,” Dabney astutely observed.

Halfway across the patio, Katie stopped walking toward the door.
Her mother's mouth was foaming and her hands were painted scarlet with what looked like blood. It was hard to see past her because no one had turned on the lights inside earlier and the living room was dark.
Katie looked quickly around the patio for a phone but then remembered her mom had taken the cordless one inside after the party, and her cell phone was in her room; somewhere. She knew something was wrong, horribly wrong, and wanted to call for an ambulance.
There's a phone in the garage! The thought flashed into her mind.

Her mother moved away from the bloody sliding glass door and from inside there came the sounds of more yelling and something being knocked over.
Dabney walked to the door shouting, “Come back, momma!”
Katie moved swiftly forward and grabbed his hand only inches from the glass.
“No, Dabney, mom's sick. You come with me. We're gonna call an ambu-,” Katie started to say before Ringo Dingo, the clown hired for the party, slammed himself headfirst into the sliding glass door. The glass shattered into an intricate pattern of cracks emanating from the hole Ringo's head was now sticking partially through.
Katie screamed and still clutching Dabney's hand, she ran back across the patio as Sparky galloped across the backyard.
Ringo's red rubber nose was still in place, but his white face makeup was broken up by small streams of blood pouring down from the ripped open skin of his forehead. The clown screamed and began pushing himself through the remains of the sliding glass door. There was a repetitive honking noise as the squeeze horn inside his jacket pocket was pressed while he struggled to get outside.
Katie picked her up brother and ran toward the garage while Dabney, still clutching his remote control, shouted over her shoulder, “Come on, Ringo!” and laughed like he was the funniest clown he'd ever seen in his brief life.


CHAPTER TWO: Twilight of the dead

Maria was mad.
If Josey didn't stop scaring away all the children coming for treats she was going to put a serious crimp in his love life.
He'd hidden two digital camera on the porch that were recording video and prepared a ‘scary’ scene using their new house's front porch. There were several bales of hay, a carved pumpkin lit from inside by a strobe light that he could control from his spot, and a sort of lame looking (in her opinion) ghost made out of a bed sheet covering a basketball that was hanging from the ceiling. There was also another strobe light placed above and behind where the visitors would be standing.
Josey was sitting motionless on a metal bench dressed like a scarecrow, complete with a big straw hat and bits of hay poking out of the bottom of his pants and ends of his long sleeved shirt.
The first few early trick or treaters didn't even get their candy because he'd triggered the fast paced strobe light inside the pumpkin and jumped up before Maria could even answer the door.
The first two kids dropped their plastic pumpkins and ran off screaming.
She'd chased after them, dressed in her sexy witch costume, trying to return their stuff, but that only made them run harder.

Josey promised not to 'jump the gun' anymore and offered her a chance to give out some candy. But both other times they'd had someone come to the door, since then, he couldn't wait to spring his surprise on them.
Now, she waited in the hallway torn between boredom and anger. And just to complicate matters she had to pee. There was a bathroom just down the hall and she decided to make a run for it while there were no trick or treaters in sight.

Josey was feeling good. The hay straw was itchy and it was hard to remain motionless when all he wanted to do was scratch, but for the sake of Halloween he persevered. He wondered if Billy would come by sometime and hoped he would. Then remembering he lived almost three miles away and doubted his young friend would make it all the way over to their house.
He considered how funny life was while patiently waiting for his next victims to come by.
Last year I was a drainer of septic tanks driving a smelly truck all day long, five days a week, making just over minimum wage. I didn't have a girlfriend or a decent place to live. Now, thanks to a generous payoff from Beaumont Biochemical Industries and the government, just for keeping quiet about what happened last summer, everything's changed. I got a girlfriend who loves me, a new house paid off free and clear, and all thanks to, of all things, zombies.

Four months earlier Josey, Maria, and a handful of others survived an outbreak of a virus that would turn the living into homicidal maniacs. Even if they were killed the infected people had the unpleasant tendency to come back, sometimes very quickly, as undead zombies.
A lot of good people died out there in that damn valley of death, but if it hadn't happened I'd still be driving a truck full of shit. Yep, life sure is funny sometimes, Josey realized, hearing some kids laughing as they came up the sidewalk.

*****

Standing unsteadily in the shower under the scalding hot water spraying over his head Dr. Louis Bunn shuddered and shook as if he were freezing. Desperately trying not wanting to get sick with a flu bug caught at the birthday party, he'd taken a combination of antibiotics and pain killers as soon they got home.
His headache felt slightly better but he noted the tremors that shook his body with some concern. The shower seemed to help as he tried to remember what had happened earlier. His memories of driving home were muddled and he attributed that to the fierce headache pounding in his skull.
When the water turned cooler he shut off the faucets and climbed out of the shower stall, happy to note the tremors had disappeared.
I told her I hate kid’s birthday parties, with all the screaming, cake, ice cream, goofy games and let's not forget all the brats. So, does she let me skip it? No way, not for all the cavity riddled teeth in the southwest. And now, I've caught some stupid cold or flu thing. Well, I don't care if I'm walking death, I'm not missing the party at the country club. Jefferson's going to be there, and who knows, maybe tonight he'll finally ask me to join his practice, he hoped, rubbing his naked middle-aged chubby body dry with a fluffy towel.

Wiping the condensation off the mirror, he looked at his eyes and opened the medicine cabinet reaching for the eye drops. After applying the recommended dosage his eyes appeared slightly less red but were still disturbing looking. The weirdest thing was that they didn't feel strange as they were turning red throughout the white area, just a bit itchy.
While shaving, he chuckled thinking how his eyes crimson color would probably assure him a good shot at winning the costume contest.
The dentist pulled the prosthetic teeth he'd spent a month working on, out of the plastic container he brought from the office and went about preparing the temporary bonding glue he'd made up for the occasion. As he inserted the teeth his headache started to grow in intensity.
Leaning his forehead against the cool mirror helped a bit and a few moments later the pain had subsided enough for him to inspect the reflection of the vampire staring back.
Grinning hugely he went to the bedroom and started getting dressed as Count Dracula, albeit a chubby, slightly balding, middle-aged version of the infamous blood sucker.

Downstairs, his wife was already dressed in her cheerleader costume and looking in a mirror. Gently touching the swollen bump on the side of her head, she vainly tried again to recall what had happened. She was pretty sure it must have happened on the drive back from the birthday party, but a nagging doubt kept whispering at the edges of her thoughts, He did it. Lou must have done it. He's been acting weird all afternoon. Face facts. He must have hit me.
The doorbell silenced the doubts as she grabbed the candy bowl and went to open the front door.
“Wow, nice outfit, Carol. What are you supposed to be a cheerleader who got tackled by the football team?” A teenage girl said while laughing. She was wearing an outfit that looked extremely R rated to Carol.
“Thanks a lot, Janette, I was hoping the bump wasn't that noticeable,” she said, turning to let the babysitter come inside.
“Oh, that's not makeup? Wow. I mean, doesn't it hurt or anything?” The girl asked, going over to where Sheila was sitting in front of the TV watching cartoons while chewing absently on her doll.
Janette pulled out her cell phone and took the little girl's picture, wearing makeup that made her look like a zombie, as she continued to gnaw on the smiling doll's foot.
Gotta remember to upload this to the web. There's nothing cuter than a toddler zombie, she thought, as Mrs. Bunn handed her an extra set of keys to the house.
“Must have bumped it earlier, somehow. You still going to take Sheila to the church Halloween party?”
“The politically correct term is Fall Festival nowadays, but yes we'll go hang out and party hardy for awhile. Unless the priest tosses holy water at us because of our costumes.
You're pretty cool, Mrs. Bunn. Most parents wouldn't let their five year old daughter dress up as a zombie,” Janette noted, while helping Sheila get her socks and shoes on.
“I got her a kitten costume, but the little monster won't wear it will you, Sheila?”
The little girl turned and scowled at her mom, making clawing gestures with her fingers, grunting, “Must have candy brains.”

“Good evening. My beautiful creatures of the night,” Dr. Louis Bunn said, coming down the stairs swinging the cape dramatically over his shoulder.
He had spent a considerable amount of money having his costume specially designed and tailored over the last couple of months. It wasn't precisely like the outfit used in any of the Dracula movies, partly because his large stomach required a more generous use of material but also because he'd insisted on having the white shirt be made out of a special glow in the dark material. It was the kind that if you exposed it to bright light for a few minutes it would be luminescent in the dark.
He went to the light switch and asked that the television be turned off. When they were all watching and the room was ready, he flipped off the lights.
There were appreciative oohs and ahs from his audience as he flung back his cape and bared his fangs.
“Daddy, your teeth look cool,” Sheila said, seeing them glowing even brighter in the darkness than his shirt.
His wife squealed in mock horror as Janette said, “Dr. Bunn, you are a truly terrifying blood sucking monster,” while holding onto Sheila's hand in the darkness. Then asked, “How did you get your eyes to do that?”
Lou caught most of the appreciative comments, but missed the question about his eyes entirely. Flipping the lights back on, he looked at his watch and then his wife. “Honey, we better get going or we're going to be late.”
Sheila broke free and ran to him as he stood by the front door. “Bite me, daddy! Drink my blood.”
In spite of his fierce headache he smiled and lifted his little girl up and playfully nibbled at her neck, careful not to accidentally bite her. Because, in addition to glowing in the dark the ceramic fangs were incredibly sharp. He had already accidentally bitten his tongue and gums several times and knew that for a fact.
After hugging Sheila goodbye, he led his wife outside and spit a gob of bloody spittle into the bushes.
“It's a great outfit, Lou. Aren't you going to drive?” Carol asked, as he climbed into the passenger seat.
“Nope. I still got a headache from that... thing we went to earlier.”
“Okay, count. You really do look scary though, especially your eyes,” she said starting the car and backing out of the driveway.

*****

Josey felt bad about frightening the first groups of kids so badly and decided to concentrate on just scaring the older ones from now on as he sat patiently on the front porch bench. Having his big floppy straw hat pulled down low kept the kids from seeing his face, but at the same time made it hard to tell how old they were. He heard some little girls giggling as they walked up the sidewalk and remained motionless as they rang the doorbell. A second later the sound of the door opening made him tilt his head up just enough to see Maria come out holding a giant orange plastic bowl of candy.
“Oh my goodness, what do we have here?” Maria asked, looking down at the group of young children.
As they shouted, “Trick or treat!” Josey felt no temptation to scare the pack of little girls dressed up as butterflies.
There's no sport in scaring them. I'd probably terrify them just wearing my normal clothes anyway, he realized with a grin.
After they said “thank you” and walked away, Maria came over sat on his lap, lifted his hat off and gave him a very nice kiss. “Thank you for not being a monster to those girls.”
“It wasn't easy. You know how much butterflies freak me out. By the way, you taste like chocolate. Better not eat too much of that stuff or you'll get even chubbier,” he teased, wrapping his arms around her and giving a bear hug while sniffing her hair. It smelled of strawberries.
“I'm not chubby. You're the one who's getting flabby,” she said, gently poking his belly. “You need to start jogging or something.”

They kissed again as Maria wondered if now would be a good time to tell him that he was soon going to have a very much chubbier girlfriend, at least for the next six or seven months. Being raised to believe their son or daughter needed parents who not only loved them but were also married she'd tried before to mention the idea of marriage.
She knew he loved her but every time she brought up the idea Josey got nervous or scared and quickly changed the subject. And since the doctor confirmed her at home early pregnancy test results, she'd been worried about how the man she loved dearly would react to the news.
It's not like he won't notice my belly swelling up in the next few months, anyway, Maria knew.
“Josey, there's something I need to tell you,” she said, as the kiss ended.
“Shush. You hear that? Someone's coming, quick go inside,” Josey said with the same boyish grin that had made her fall in love with him in the first place.
“Okay, but we need to talk later,” she said, before quickly slipping back inside.

“I've seen the hot little slut that lives here and she's extra fine in all the right spots,” Jessie said, leading his two friends up the sidewalk. “If her giant goofy looking husband's not home maybe she'll give us an extra sweet treat.”
Josey overheard the teenage boy's comment and tensed up ready to pounce when they came closer.
“You think she's really a slut?” Another boy asked, hopefully.
“Well, I know she's not married and living with some big dumb looking asshole. Oh yeah, she'll probably want all three of us to take a ride. Who knows, maybe all of us at one time,” Jessie said lustfully, leading the others up on to the porch.

As he heard the kid ring the doorbell, Josey flipped on the strobe lights and stood up screaming as loud as he could.
Standing well over six feet tall with his large muscular body, he towered over the three teenage boys.
Their eyes expanded to the size of pumpkins as they screamed in undeniably authentic terror just as Josey had hoped. The two shorter ones took off running, with their overcoats flapping behind them, but the third apparently got confused and turned the wrong way before running.
Jessie ran face-first into the brick wall. He howled in pain before staggering back around toward the yard holding his bloody nose in his hand and swearing, “Fuckingdamnmothersucking!”
Maria had overheard some of the boy's unflattering statements about her, and watched with a big grin as Josey lifted the struggling boy up over his head and threw him several feet into the other boys who had stopped running and were standing in the yard.
They fell in a confused tangle of arms, legs, and overcoats while Josey began walking slowly toward them.

“Go! Run, you shit heads!” Jessie called back over his shoulder as he jumped up and sprinted away.
Seconds later, his friends were up and running after him.

Josey took pity on them after chasing them for a block and a half. Partly because it was hard to run while laughing as hard as he was, and also the boys had outdistanced him by an additional block after realizing they were being pursued.
A minute later, walking back up the sidewalk still chuckling and feeling tired, Josey smiled at Maria standing on the porch. She was holding out an open bottle of beer to him.
“You're my hero, Josey.”
Still breathing hard, he sat on the bench and chugged down half the bottle within seconds while she rubbed his shoulders.
“I wish they'd come back sometime. They're great motivation for me to get some exercise. You know? Jogging, like you suggested a while ago.”
She sat beside him on the bench and leaned her head on his shoulder. In silence, they gazed up at the large red harvest moon rising up in the slowly darkening sky before kissing again.
They stayed that way until the sounds of more children coming forced them to get back in their positions.

*****

The garage doors were down and Katie knew they were the automatic electric kind so she didn't even bother trying to lift them. Instead, she ran past them to the regular pedestrian door and twisted the knob hoping it wasn't locked. But it was.
As Dabney yanked on her hair, shouting, “Let me down!” she ran and checked to see if her mom's car was unlocked.
While Ringo Dingo the clown screamed from somewhere in the backyard, she found her mom had indeed locked the car.
“Dabney, you gotta be quiet. Mom and the clown are sick. We have to be quiet. Understand?” She whispered, setting her little brother down on the driveway. Looking nervously toward the backyard, Katie tried to fight down the growing panic inside her.
“Momma's sick? Ringo too?” The boy asked, quietly.
“Yes, and we've got to be quiet.”
“Car locked?”
She nodded and led him by the hand back behind Ringo Dingo's van. It was painted bright pink with pinwheels and confetti of different colors. In desperation, she tried the back doors of the van and found them unlocked. She pulled Dabney over and lifted him inside.
His eyes widened in delight as he looked over the collection of colorful odd looking hats and props used at various parties and giggled as he explored them.
“You just stay in here and be quiet, I'll try to find a way inside to call for help,” Katie whispered.
“Get spare key for momma's car,” Dabney suggested, as he put a cowboy hat that made it appear as if the boy had been shot through the head with an arrow.
“It's inside the house, you turd brain.”
“Momma put one under the car yesterday. It's a secret. She doesn't want you to know,” Dabney said, placing his dirty index finger against his lips to demonstrate the secrecy of the information he was divulging.
I take the car for one joyride and this is how she reacts. Are all mothers like mine or is mine just extra special? Katie wondered before whispering, “Okay, you stay here and be quiet, I'll be right back.”

Shutting the van door, she crouched low and quickly went to her mom's car and got down on the driveway to crawl under and look for the keys. She heard Bad Kitty meow and hiss at her from nearby and saw the cat resting a few feet away. It was hard to see under the bumper and she ran her hand along underneath hoping to find the keys as Sparky whinnied in fear somewhere in the backyard. Wishing she'd asked Dabney if mom hid the keys under the front or back of the car, she heard the horse galloping across the yard coming closer.
Her hands were covered in gunk and dirt, but she still hadn't found the keys as Sparky noisily clomped across the driveway followed by the clown. Katie squirmed all the way under the car and hoped Ringo Dingo wouldn't spot her.
Peering out, she saw the clown wasn't wearing pants. And as if that weren't disturbing enough, his legs were covered in blood that seemed to be leaking from his crotch.
What the Hell is going on? She wondered, watching as the clown chased Sparky across the enormous front pasture.

Katie had no way of knowing her mother had always had an unfilled sexual fantasy to have sex with a clown. After the party their mother invited Ringo up to her bedroom in spite of her growing headache. The clown had been more than willing to go along with her wishes that he leave on  his bright rainbow colored wig, jacket, face makeup, and of course his red rubber nose.
He'd never had a woman so willing to provide oral sex before and when Katie's mom had ripped down his saggy red pants it had seemed like they were both going to get what they wanted. Her grunting and scratching, almost clawing, fingernails on his skin had only heightened Ringo's mood until she bit down and quite effectively neutered him.
That was the cause of the scream Katie and Sparky had first heard in the stable.

Katie was still watching the clown chasing her horse when she felt something grab and yank hard on her hair, pulling her partway out from under the car. Screaming, she grabbed onto the muffler and pulled away but it felt like she'd been snatched partly bald in the process. Squirming further away, she turned and saw her mother clutching a few strands of her long torn hair while trying to crawl after her.
Her mom's face was streaked in blood and her bare breasts were dragging across the concrete driveway as she stared at her with eyes leaking blood.
Though terrified, Katie still loved her mother and tried to talk to her. “Mom, stop it. You're sick. Go back in the house and I'll call an ambulance or something.”
In answer she snarled and grabbed a hold of Katie's jacket, dragging the terrified girl back toward her.
There wasn't much room to maneuver under the car and Katie reached out to grab something to stop her from being pulled back. She felt something soft and threw it at her mother's face not even taking the time to think what it was.

Bad Kitty earned its name by being an angry, unloving, scratching, and biting feline even at the best of times. Already scared and in hiding due to all the yelling and running around, the cat savagely scratched and clawed at the woman's face when Katie threw it at her.
While her mother howled and fought the cat, the girl took the opportunity to crawl out from under the car. Uncertain what to do next, Katie saw the enormous red harvest moon rising and the silhouettes of Sparky and the clown running back toward her.
“Yay! Run, Ringo, run!” Dabney shouted and jumped up and down standing beside the front of the van.
Katie ran over and swept up her annoying little brother in her arms. She considered the van, but Ringo was close enough that he'd see them climb inside. Instead, Katie ran between the car and van into the backyard.
Her mother had squirmed back out from under the car holding two good size bloody chunks of what remained of Bad Kitty in her hands.
Katie didn't pause to think and ran for the stable as Dabney shouted over her shoulder at his mom. “No, no! Bad mommy! Leave kitty alone!”

*****

“Come on, you were the one so excited to come out here tonight. Don't just sit there like a bump on a log,” Carol said, as she got her pom poms from the back seat and climbed out of the car.
Lou, also known as Dracula at least for that night, sat in the passenger seat staring blankly ahead. His headache had grown fiercer as they drove to the country club. At one point during the trip, he almost suggested they go to the hospital when things began to appear strangely out of focus. It was as if he were looking through a fish eye lens, but it passed and even his headache backed down again after he swallowed a couple of pain pills he'd brought along.
He looked at his wife with his luminescent red eyes and shook his head as if to clear it, before unlatching the seat belt and climbing out.
The country club's parking lot was nearly full, but he saw Mike Jefferson's new Mercedes parked nearby. It was hard to miss. It was a top of the line beauty that easily cost five times more than his own two year old car.
He's going to offer me a place at his practice tonight. I just know he will or I'll tear out his throat, Lou thought, as he clutched his wife's hand and walked shakily toward the club.

The main dance hall shook from the heavy bass speakers blaring the band's passable, but not great, rendition of Creedence Clearwater Revival's Bad Moon Rising while a sizable portion of Albuquerque's most affluent residents enjoyed the Spooktacular Party. The mostly costumed crowd numbered close to twelve hundred and were scattered not just in the hall but the bar and locker room as well.
The locker room had been converted, for the evening, into a mini casino complete with slot machines and various table games.
The dance floor was nearly packed by all manner of gyrating monsters doing their best to get in the spirit of the evening. And even as the people danced and drank a considerable amount of alcohol, both women and men screamed while being 'attacked' by a wide variety of 'monsters'.

Lou's headache roared back the moment he walked into the main hall. The flashing lights and loud music made his brain recoil as if it had been tossed into a pot of boiling water. He left Carol, who spotted and joined a few of her friends, and quickly headed for the bar.
Staggering past several couples, some of whom were in the midst of various nearly pornographic public displays of affection, Lou managed to move down the hallway and somehow found his way into the bar.
Compared to the crowded confusing din of the main hall the place was nearly deserted, even though there were more than two dozen people talking, laughing, and drinking.
Dr. Bunn leaned against the bar, holding his aching head in both hands and felt the tremors coming back only much stronger than before.
“Hiya, Lou. Nice costume,” the bartender said. He was dressed as a mad scientist wearing a white laboratory coat with a necklace of plastic fingers and eyeballs around his neck and handing a tray of drinks to a waitress. “Too loud down there, isn't it? You look like a man badly in need of a drink. What can I get ya?”
“Uh, uh... I don't know,” Lou stammered, still leaning against the bar.
“How ‘bout a Bloody Mary? Since yer a bloodsucker and all, that seems appropriate,” the bartender said laughing, as he quickly began assembling the required ingredients.

“Lou? Is that you over there?” A voice called out.
Looking up with his vision doing that weird fish eye thing again, Lou had a hard time identifying who was speaking. He nodded back in the general direction the voice came from and took the drink the bartender placed in front of him.
“Nice teeth. Did you make those yourself? And, how on Earth did you get your eyes to do that?” Dr. Michael Jefferson, owner of Albuquerque's most prestigious dental practice, asked while climbing onto the empty bar stool next to him. He was dressed as Zorro, complete with a black velvet mask over his eyes and a sword hanging at his side through a loop of his belt.
Lou felt the tremors increasing as his mind began to lose any hint of coherency.
“Uh, I want job” was the last thing he managed to say before madness swept him into a frenzied homicidal fit.

*****

The sun sank below the horizon as the scarlet full moon cast its eerie red light making everything seem almost unreal.
“Look mommy, that dog's pooping.” A little girl dressed up in a princess costume, informed the lady holding her hand as they walked along the sidewalk.
Billy smiled and waved at the girl as they went by, while tugging gently on Boris's leash.
Dang it dog, hurry up, Billy thought, wanting to move on in search of more free candy.
Boris was either unwilling or unable to comply at that moment and the boy leaned against a light pole. Watching the kids running, laughing, and squealing as they went about their appointed duties of gathering up as many pounds of candy as possible, Billy remembered something his grandfather once said about Halloween.

It's legalized extortion, that's all it is. One night a year, children are given the chance to dress up and threaten their neighbors. Trick or treat? You know what that boils down to don't you, Billy? The kids may not understand, but in a nutshell, it's give us a treat or we'll trick you.
I was the king of tricks back when I was a kid. But I really only had one trick that I really enjoyed doing.
When I was a boy, I'd leave paper bags filled with dog crap on some people's porches, light it on fire, ring the doorbell and run like Hell. I only did that to the real jerks in the neighborhood, you understand? They were just for the ones who never gave out candy or were generally jerks all year round.
The month before Halloween, I'd start collecting dog poop and by the time I was ready to go trick or treating I usually had enough for a dozen different houses.
Usually, I'd set the bag afire, knock on the door and someone would come out and stomp out the flames. Course, one time it didn't work out exactly the way I'd planned.
The principal of my junior high was the worst fiasco of them all.
He came out swearing like a sailor and stomped down on the burning bag, which he was supposed to do, but then his foot slipped in the poop and he fell slap down on top of the smoldering mess.
I couldn't help bursting out laughing behind his big oak tree in his yard and he recognized my voice.
So, still sitting there on his porch he clears his throat and calmly says, “Mister William Lester, will you please be kind enough to report to my office tomorrow morning?”
I, of course, wanted to be quiet but found myself unable to do it. So, like a jackass, I said “Yes sir.”

Boris nudged Billy's leg and they went toward the next street while in the distance the music of a band playing at the country club drifted over and mixed with the sounds of hundreds of kids running around enjoying their one night of legalized extortion. Billy smiled as he pictured his grandfather having to serve out the three months of detention the principal had given him.
He was a great guy and I miss him, but there's no way I'd ever try something like that, Billy thought as he walked up toward a porch covered in hay straw with a scarecrow leaning against the wall.
Boris wagged his tail and went over to sniff the scarecrow's foot while Billy rang the doorbell.
Everything slowed down for the next few seconds. Boris barked loudly as blindingly bright strobe lights flicked on and the scarecrow jumped forward, screamed, and reached out for Billy.
The boy screamed as the dog chomped down on the towering scarecrow's leg.
Acting purely on instinct, Billy turned and kicked as hard as he could; hitting the giant thing reaching for him right between the legs. The scarecrow collapsed in a heap while Boris jumped up on its chest.
Time returned to normal speed when Maria opened the front door laughing, and said,“That's one video I definitely want to see.”


Bo was exhausted and several times was tempted to go home after the first hour of following Billy around. His sedentary drunken lifestyle had made him both lazy and chubby. Just walking a few miles had left him winded and tired.
Billy was easy to follow partly because of Boris at the end of the leash, and also the cell phone application that allowed him track the phone he gave him earlier. No, keeping track wasn't his problem. It was his alcoholism.
Ever since he quit the sheriff's department, Bo had been getting steadily worse. At first it was just a few drinks to help him forget the horrible things he saw last summer. But over time the few drinks had turned into a daily regimen of full blown alcohol consumption.
If he hadn't run out of booze the previous night, he would undoubtedly be where he usually was- sitting in the den staring at the multitude of crap masquerading as entertainment spewing mindlessly out of his television while obliviously drunk to the world.
Over the years spent as a deputy, Bo had dealt with plenty of alcoholics and though now shaved and cleaned up he knew that he was one. His pounding headache was all the evidence he needed, but his craving for just a shot of something or even a can of beer reinforced the truth that he was undeniably an alcoholic.
To make matters even worse, people were staring at him suspiciously. Mostly it was mothers escorting their children or teenage girls, who feared he was some sort of pervert that shot him wary and nervous looks while he walked amongst them.

Finally, an acquaintance of his, driving a sheriff's department cruiser recognized him and waved him over. “Hey Bo. How ya been?” The young, still wet behind the ears, deputy asked.
Though a rookie, he'd been a pretty decent deputy who had actually served under Bo many months earlier.
Bo was having was difficulty remembering the kid's name. He knew the face though and smiled while squatting down so they could talk more easily. His knee joints made noticeable popping noises that made the rookie wince.
“Hey, I'm fine. Just out stretching the legs. So, they got you doing some babysitting tonight. Any excitement?”
“Caught a kid spray painting a wall in an alley few blocks over, a while ago. Other than that, I'm just trying not to run over any goblins,” he said smiling, then asked, “Some of the guys were wondering if you ever planned on coming back on the force. I know Lopez has missed having you around.”
“Captain Lopez, huh? What's he been up to?” Bo asked casually while avoiding the question about his coming out of retirement.
“He's Major Lopez, now. And trust me he's not hurting a bit. The sheriff actually has him and a couple of guys working tonight over at the country club. You know, watching for party crashers, trying to keep people from driving home drunk, grabbing a few asses in the dark- all the really 'dangerous' stuff.”

The country club was only a few blocks away and once the deputy mentioned it, Bo wondered how he hadn't noticed the music drifting across the golf course and adjoining neighborhood. “Hope I won't have to call in a noise complaint, later tonight,” Bo said, smiling.
“Nah, in another hour or so they'll probably knock down the volume a bit.”
“Well, it's been good -,” Bo started to say as the radio in the cruiser interrupted.
“Available units be advised, there are streakers reportedly in the vicinity of Bella Vista Park,” A dispatcher announced over the radio.
“Streakers? Like, running around naked?” The rookie asked Bo, as his eyes opened wide.
“Yeah, some of the college kids do stuff like that every year.”
“Girls too?” He asked, reaching for the handset.
“Mostly guys, but yeah there's usually a few passable girls out there too,” Bo said grinning.
“All right. Listen Bo, it was great seeing you but I better see if they need any help handling the situation,” the deputy said, and radioed headquarters he was on his way.

Bo chuckled as the cruiser quickly moved away with its lights flashing. Walking stiffly to the sidewalk, he bent down and rubbed his sore knees thinking for the first time that he really did miss being a cop.
Major Lopez. I bet he's having a lot of fun telling rich people to behave themselves, over at the club. It's only a few blocks away. I could swing by and see him.
But, then there's Billy and the kids who messed with him earlier.
He checked his locator application on the phone and quickly realized Billy was over at Josey's house.
Well, if he's visiting him and Maria, I think a quick detour to the club would be okay. It would be nice to see Lopez again, plus he might even offer me a little drink.
Walking quickly, Bo turned and followed the music while almost able to taste and smell the whiskey.

*****

Dr. Reynolds was worried.
Inevitably, every Halloween, some kids would be brought to the emergency room usually complaining of stomach aches but this evening was different. Aside from the regular cases of excessive candy consumption, he had two cases that scared the hell out of him.
One little girl, wearing face makeup that made her resemble a puppy, was brought in unconscious and unresponsive by her parents. The other was also wearing makeup but that of a clown, and the boy had nearly identical symptoms. Both were in a catatonic state and the blood beginning to seep into their eyes indicated some sort of brain trauma or infection, but what exactly caused it he had no idea.

He was rapidly searching through the computer database for similar cases when the voices of several people shouting outside the office interrupted him. Quickly crossing the room and opening the door he saw a nurse running down the hallway, clutching her bloody left arm.
She was looking over her shoulder and ran straight into a custodian, knocking him to the floor before landing on top of the old man.
The doctor started toward them but when more shouts came from the emergency room, he turned.
What the hell's going on? I swear, if it's those damn gang members again I'll strangle them myself. This is a hospital not a war zone, he angrily thought, running toward the shouts and then screams.

Slapping his hand on the access panel, the automatic doors began to swing open but a little girl ran between them before they had even opened halfway and tackled him. It was the same girl that had been made up to look like a puppy, yet her face was covered in so much blood the doctor barely recognized her as he tried to push her off his leg.
Growling savagely, she lifted her face up and bit down hard on his hand.
Screaming, as she chomped off one finger completely, the doctor reacted on instinct and punched down as hard as he could and hit her in the face.
The blood splattered little girl flew back and landed unconscious between the slowly closing doors to the ER.
The automatic doors, sensing a blockage retracted back to their open position.

Cradling his bloody four fingered hand, the doctor struggled to his feet. He heard more growling, only this time coming from behind. He turned and saw the nurse attacking the custodian.
The old man was trying to get loose and run, but she leaped up on his back and began to bite and tear at his neck like some sort of rabid animal.
Rabid animal! Oh shit, the CDC alert!
Dr. Reynolds’s mind screamed, as he ran back to the office thinking, No, oh God no!
A few of the symptoms the children had matched those listed in a Class A Critical Report sent from the Center for Disease Control, that he'd read several months earlier.
The report explained how a virus codenamed Keck could be spread, sometimes with alarming speed by blood or other bodily fluids transmission and even severe scratches. Those infected were to be considered irrational and homicidal. At the end of the report, there was an emergency number listed to call if any patients were suspected of being infected.
One of his colleagues had laughed after reading it and taken a large red marker and written “Call in case of apocalypse” on the page before hanging it on the office bulletin board.
At the time he'd thought the annotation to be in bad taste, now however ripping the sheet from the wall and hurrying to the phone he thought if anything it was an understatement.

Blood was still pouring out where his missing finger once resided while he grabbed the phone and put his glasses on. More screams echoed from the halls as he felt a sharp sudden stabbing pain deep inside his head. He focused on the numbers and started punching them while trying desperately to hang on. His eyes felt dry as they turned a bright red and the numbers on the phone swam out of focus. He punched in the last few numbers but dropped the handset and began screaming as a voice at the other end spoke.
“Bebinos Pizzeria. Tonight's special is a large Italian sausage with extra cheese.” There was a pause then the voice over the phone said, “Yeah, yeah, Happy Halloween to you too, ya jerk. Some numb nuts just called up and started screaming,” the voice said, laughing to someone else, before hanging up.

*****

Janette pretended not to notice the boys across the room leering at her and instead focused on Sheila, while the little girl dipped her stick that was supposed to be a fishing pole with a string tied on the end behind a big piece of cardboard colorfully painted with fish. She leaned around the partition and winked at a bored, sort of cute, boy sitting behind it saying, “Sure hope you catch something really nice, Sheila.”
“I'm gonna get a whale, and you gotta help me carry it home when I do,” the little girl said, bouncing her fishing pole around so much the boy couldn't grab onto the clothes pin to hook on her prize.
“Don't bounce your pole so much, sweetie. You'll scare off the fish.”
“I don't think a whale would be scared, but okay,” the little girl said agreeably.
The boy blushed and smiled back at Janette and attached a pretty blue plastic necklace that twinkled with built in LED lights to the clothes pin.
“Okay Sheila, reel in your fish,” Janette said walking back around the partition to watch.
The little girl squealed and jumped up and down when she saw the prize.

An old lady dressed up as a Raggedy Ann doll had been staring at Janette's slutty costume but ceased her disapproving scowl briefly as the girl helped Sheila put on her new necklace. Seconds later she returned to her previous expression thinking, What's wrong with that girl? Dressing up like a slut and apparently having no sense of shame about it.
The old lady's sense of fashion aside, most of the boys were deeply moved by Janette's Little Red Riding Hood outfit. The low cut top and extremely short skirt, combined with the knee high white socks inspired most of them with thoughts not exactly appropriate for the basement of the Catholic Church, or any church for that matter.
Janette had bought the costume over her mother's strenuous objections, remembering what a friend of hers had said at school. “Halloween is the one time of year where you can dress as sexy as you want and no one can say anything about it. After all, it's just a costume.”

The Fall Festival was nowhere near as crowded as the organizers had hoped, but those children in attendance seemed to be having a good time. In addition to the fishing booth, there were several other games for them to choose from.
Father Tim, operating the dart toss game nearby, was frustrated that no one could pop any of the balloons because the dart tips were made of some kind of blunt plastic stuff.
Safety tipped darts? Whoever got these should be ashamed of themselves. Have we really gotten to the point in the world where we have to worry about metal tipped darts? he wondered, shaking his head.
To keep the kids from being too disappointed with his booth, Father Tim held a thumb tack in his hand and would wait until a dart bounced off a balloon and quickly reach out and pop it. He'd then act like the noise scared him. It was kind of stupid but the kids seemed to like it.

He saw the elderly Mrs. Vaughn, dressed in her Raggedy Ann costume, scowling at Janette and smiled.
Some things never change, He thought while handing the darts to a boy dressed up as some kind of monster. The priest heard kids outside running around and screaming like the world had come to an end and smiled again. After checking his wristwatch and noting it was almost eight o'clock, he wondered how two hours had managed to slip by so fast. They'd have to start getting ready to close down the festival soon, yet seeing the smiling kids carrying around their bags of candy and prizes he felt it had certainly been worth all the effort.
Wondering briefly why no parents had come back to pick up the kids they'd left, he then grinned realizing even a couple of hours of alone time could be priceless. He handed out a prize after popping a balloon and jumping up shouting, “Whoa!”

After waving one of the volunteers over, the priest went to the registration desk by the foyer where the stairs lead outside.
Old Henry, the church's caretaker, was snoring heavily while sitting in a metal folding chair behind the table with his bald head leaning back against the wall.
How he could sleep through the sounds of kids playing inside and others screaming and shouting outside was beyond Father Tim's understanding. The priest went into the small foyer where coats and umbrellas were usually stored and climbed the stairs to see if any parents had shown up yet to gather their children.
In the floodlit parking lot, there was a dead man lying on the pavement near the handicapped space.
He knew it wasn't a Halloween trick. And not just because of the man's mostly skinless face, but because of the blood spattered children running and screaming in all directions around him.
One little boy who appeared no more than six years old, was tugging on what he first mistook as a long red rope. Father Tim shuddered and clutched the Crucifix hanging around his neck when he realized it was actually a piece of the dead man's intestines.
The stretched out piece of digestive tract was still attached to the corpse, but even that revelation isn't what made him reach his trembling hand out and lock the deadbolt on the glass door. It was when the undoubtedly dead man rolled over and stood up, spilling the remainder of his intestines on the pavement, just a few yards away and stared back at him.

*****

The zombies had him surrounded and he was out of ammo for his Colt .45 pistol. Whipping out his large sharp combat knife, he slashed out fearlessly in spite of the several wounds he'd sustained. Running back into the corner of the room, he fought on without fear assured nothing would be able to sneak up from behind.
“Are you still playing that dumb game?” Sgt. Paulson asked, coming back into the control room while zipping up his pants.
“It's not a dumb game. I'd think with all the shit that went down in this valley last summer, you'd see the wisdom in developing skills like these,” Private Copeland said, quickly pressing the buttons on his joystick.
“It's a game, dumb ass. In real life you don't get to push pause and go grab a soda or take a crap. Oh, what's the point of arguing with a moron?” The sergeant asked, looking up at the ceiling. “And you'd better have all that video game junk stowed away before our relief gets here. If one of them wanna make brownie points they'll let the captain know yer not watching the monitors.”
“Okay, okay,” Copeland said reluctantly, before saving his game and looking at his watch. Yawning hugely, he began packing up his game system. “I still say it's good practice though. I mean, what would you do if we were driving back into town tonight and ran into a horde of undead ghouls? Seriously, what would you do, sarge?”
“Turn my car around and floor it.”
“Not me, no way. Think about how exciting it would be,” Copeland said dreamily.
“Son, you are nuts.”

Strolling by the monitors, the private laughed and sat down while routing the camera feed covering Bo Autry's front yard to the one of the big flat screens hanging on the wall.
“What's so funny?” The sergeant asked, staring out the window hoping to see their relief's headlights on the dark deserted road, even though it was still fairly early.
“Autry, you know, the drunk guy who used to be a cop? His wife is a freak.”
“Yeah, how so?”
“Check out how they decorated their place for Halloween,” the private said, laughing.
Sighing, the sergeant walked over and stared at the screen with his mouth hanging open for several seconds before grabbing the phone and speed dialing Dr. Peter’s number in Atlanta.
“CDC switchboard, how may I direct your call?” Came a bored woman's voice over the phone.
“I'm calling for Dr. David Peter's, it's an emergency,” the sergeant managed to say in a semi-steady voice, while the private looked at him in confusion.
“Come on sarge, it's just them being goofy. That ain't real. Yer gonna get us in trouble for wasting his time on this,” Copeland said nervously.
“I'm sorry, he's gone home for the evening. I can take a message though,” the bored sounding operator explained.
“Lady, I need him on the phone right NOW! I don't care how you do it but get him!” Paulson screamed into the phone.
“Please hold,” the operator said, grumpily.
While listening to the wait music, the sergeant thought the choice of AC/DC's Highway to Hell was horribly appropriate as he stared at the bloody porch of Autry's house.
The private stood up and backed away from the bank of monitors, finally beginning to see the possibility what was on the screen was not just a Halloween prank.

Two thousand miles away, Dr. David Peter's woke up and groaned as he heard both his cell and house phones ringing. Rolling over, he grabbed the cell phone and muttered, “Hello.”
“Is this Dr. Peters?” An irritated sounding woman's voice asked.
Yawning before answering, he said, “Yes, who is this?”
“This is the switchboard, please hold while I connect your call,” the woman said. A click came over the line and then the sound of two men arguing.
“Hello? Who is this?”
“Oh, Dr. Peters, thank God. I think we've got a situation out here in Albuquerque,” Paulson said in a slightly quavering voice.
“What is it?” He asked, instantly awake, his body trembling while standing up beside the bed.
“The camera feed for Autry's house shows what appears to be a mutilated woman's body on the porch with a bowl of candy scattered around her. No, wait maybe it was just a prank after all. She's moving now. Oh God! Her arm looks like several chunks of skin have been ripped or bitten off. She's staggering down the sidewalk, heading away from the house.
I can't see her any longer,” Paulson said, waited a second and asked, “Dr. Peter's, are you still there?”
Managing with great difficulty not to throw up, he spoke urgently into the phone, “Go to condition red, now! Follow the procedure in the Keck Operations manual for contingencies! Do it now!”
“What if it was just a prank? It could have been,” the sergeant asked hopefully.
“If it's a prank I'll be the happiest mother fucker on Earth. Just go to condition red, now! I've got some calls to make. And, good luck,” Peters said before hanging up.

“What? What did he say?” The private asked, now holding and quickly checking over his M-16 rifle.
The sergeant grabbed one of the red notebooks labeled KECK Contingency Procedures, and muttered unintelligibly.
“What!?”
“I said, I hope your video game training against zombies helps,” Paulson said, calling the first number in a long list printed on the first page of the notebook.
“Fuck,” Private Copeland said softly before turning and staring out the trailer's window at the dark expanse of desert beyond.


CHAPTER THREE: Grinning moon

Business was never good on Halloween and the manager's mood wasn't improved at all by his only 'customers'. The three kids sitting around a table by the restrooms hadn't ordered anything since coming in fifteen minutes earlier. When he checked on them a while earlier the table was covered in hundreds of pieces of candy. Apparently they were arguing about how they were going to divide it up.
The oldest and biggest one gave the manager a sneering look that almost made him tell them to get out, but with business being so bad he decided to let it pass and returned to his position behind the counter.
The girl working the drive through was sending a text message to someone and the two cooks were talking about some girl named Barbara, who was apparently willing to do any number of disgusting sexual things in exchange for a six pack of beer.
Swiping at the metal counter with a damp cloth, the manager wondered if any more customers would be coming in and glanced at the clock. It was another ninety minutes before closing time.
This is pathetic. I'm bleeding money. I should send Isabella home, at least, he thought, while scrubbing at a dried ketchup splotch on the front of the counter.

The drive through speaker crackled and Isabella went through her greeting and recitation of the daily special. When she asked, “May I take your order?” the driver said something about a number one combo and then started angrily shouting.
“Get the fuck off me, you little dirty mothers! Okay, now you're dead meat!” Came the voice over the speaker then more shouting and what sounded like growls.
Isabella looked over at the manager in confusion.
“You stay here, I'll handle it,” he said, grabbing the baseball bat he kept under the counter and hurrying outside.
The two cooks came over and stood beside Isabella listening to the apparent fight taking place over the speaker.
“Twenty bucks says Charles gets his ass kicked,” one of the cooks said with a big grin.
“I'll take that bet. I've seen the old man swing that bat before back when we had some gang kids causing trouble. He's fat but a lot stronger than he looks,” the other cook said.
Isabella went back to texting her friend.

It sounded like a small riot was underway as the manager trotted around the side of the building. He rounded the corner just in time to see a man shoot two boys, twice each.
The kids flew back and landed in a heap, sprawled across the pavement with their bloody arms and hands stretched out toward him.
Oh fuck! Charles thought, dropping the bat and holding his trembling hands up in the air. “Please, don't shoot me, mister,” the manager begged.
The man standing beside his car lowered his gun and shook his head before saying, “I didn't want to shoot them, but they were acting crazy. They just ran up, one stuck his head in my car and bit my arm and shoulder.”
Lowering his hands, the manager looked down at the closest dead kid wearing his superhero costume and said, “You better come inside. We'll call the cops and try to stop that bleeding.”
The driver nodded and reached in to shut off the car's engine and headlights.
Screams and shouts echoed from the surrounding neighborhood as they hurried inside.
“I always hated Halloween,” the driver said.
“It's a shitty excuse for a holiday, that's for sure,” the manager agreed, going behind the counter to press the robbery alarm button rather than taking the time to call 911. The manager said, “Isabella, go get the first aid kit from my office. And you two, go try and at least look busy.”
The cooks whispered to each other as they went back to the grill while the girl ran to the office.
“You better sit down. You look pretty torn up,” the manager suggested to the shuddering man on the other side of the counter.
The shooter looked back in confusion. His eyes were open wide as he stared at the counter.

“Hey man, that dude's dripping blood all over the floor. That's unsanitary. Better mop that shit up before I call the health department,” one of the boys who'd been sitting by the restrooms said, while standing by the counter with his hands on his hips.
“Shut up, kid, and while yer at it why don't you and your buddies piss off. I've got enough shit to deal with,” the manager said, stomping toward him.
Isabella's scream made the manager turn around on his heel.
The man from the car was pulling her over the counter. He bit and tore at her shirt and chest.
Her shirt was nearly torn off by the time the manager ran over and managed to pull him off of the hysterically screaming girl.
“Hey, Jessie, come here quick! Free titty show!” The boy shouted, while pulling out his cell phone and hitting the video record button while moving a little closer.

Wrapping his arms around the shooter's waist, the manager lifted the struggling snarling man a few inches off the ground. But like the age old question asks, “What do you do when you catch a tiger by the tail?”
One of the cooks grabbed a mop and ran forward to help as the other young man ran to the meat freezer and hurried inside.
The bare-chested Isabella was still laying on the counter crying loudly when the two kids who had been shot, outside by the car, ran in through the door screaming.
Jessie watched as they ran toward the manager, each grabbing hold of a chubby leg and biting him.
Dropping Isabella's attacker, Charles struggled to pry off the kids who had already drawn blood with their sharp teeth while yelling for help.
The cook holding the mop was torn between staring at the girl's extremely nicely shaped, though somewhat small, breasts and the fight going on over the counter. It wasn't until she stopped crying and leaped off the counter, knocking aside the mop, that he realized tits aren't everything and ran away.
Her scarlet colored eyes were dripping blood as she howled and chased the cook back toward the grill.

The shooter's gun fell from his holster and skidded across the tiled floor, stopping within a few feet of Jessie. The boy quickly scooped it up and stood in confusion.
“Shoot them, man! They're fucking crazy!” His friend, still recording with his cell phone, shouted.
The two young kids were still chewing on the fallen and shuddering body of the manager when Jessie realized, This is just like those movies where people get bit and go crazy!
He may have been a bully and a jerk, but Jessie wasn’t an idiot. He turned and ran for the exit.
A police siren signaling the arrival of help was growing louder as Jessie stood uncertainly in the parking lot. His friends followed him outside looking equally excited, scared, and confused.
Seconds later they saw a squad car speeding toward them a block away with its emergency lights flashing. None of the trio had ever been so happy to see the police before in their entire lives, but tonight was definitely different.
It wasn't until the squad car sped by the restaurant without slowing that any of them spoke.
“What do we do?” The two boys asked in unison, looking at Jessie gripping the gun in his trembling hand as more yells and screams came from inside the fast food place behind them.

*****

The backyard would have been completely dark if not for the red tinted moonlight that painted everything in unreal nightmarish colors.
Katie had Dabney beside her and they were laying quietly up in the stable's hay loft. Together they looked for any sign of their mom or Ringo Dingo.
Sparky was on the far side of the front pasture by the fence. The horse was chomping at some grass, and Katie wished there was some way they could get to it without being seen or caught.
The toy robot broke the ominous silence by shouting, “Intruder alert, prepare to fire!” Blinking lights pinpointed its location on the patio and she looked at her brother holding the remote control. She was about to yank it out of his hand and yell at him when a scream from directly beneath them inside the stable, stopped her.
Their mom ran away from the stable and headed for the flashing lights of the robot.
Dabney giggled quietly as he watched his mom screaming and running across the yard.
“Quick, make it go up toward the garden,” Katie whispered.
The birthday boy giggled and obliged his big sister by steering the robot toward the far side of the backyard, where they'd grown vegetables during the summer. Their mom almost caught up with the toy when Dabney pressed the turbo speed button.
It moved faster and cheerfully announced, “Light speed engaged,” while bouncing over the clods of dirt in the garden.
“This is fun,” Dabney said, between fits of giggles as he steered the robot.
“Make it do that attack thing,” she whispered, remembering when he'd done it at the party earlier.
The boy nodded and pressed a small red button on his remote control.

Ringo Dingo came running toward the garden from the far side of the house and joined in the robot chase as the toy started shouting and all its multicolored lights flashed.
“Red alert! Battle stations! Open fire and destroy all enemies!”

While the robot was doing battle against their mom and the clown, Katie and Dabney quickly climbed down from the hay loft and ran for the front pasture. The screams from the backyard continued until they were halfway to the horse, then abruptly ceased.
Sparky was agitated and Katie was afraid that if they ran all the way to the horse it would bolt away. Slowing to a fast trot when she got within about thirty feet, the girl clicked her tongue and whispered, “It's okay, big boy, it's just me and Dabney.”
The horse's ears twitched but it didn't move as they came closer.
“Good boy,” she said soothingly, patting his neck. The muscles twitched and his hide felt wet with sweat under her hand, but otherwise the horse seemed unharmed.
She pushed Dabney up into the saddle and grabbed the reins. Leading the horse toward the front gate, Katie finally felt like they might get out of this and get help when Dabney looking back toward the house shouted, “Bye mommy, bye Ringo!”

I should have let them have him. God, why couldn't I have been an only child? Katie wondered as she tried to hush him up while trotting faster toward the driveway. A pair of screams from near the house forced her into a run, while still leading the horse.
Once on the driveway, she tried to slow the horse enough to climb on but Sparky wouldn't stop and instead it ran ahead leaving her behind as Dabney shouted, “Giddy-up! Go faster!”
She turned and saw Ringo Dingo in the lead, followed closely by her mother. The blood red tinted light lit up their eyes to a point that they actually appeared luminescent. They'd be on her in seconds if she didn't run and so she did.
Sparky was halfway to the gate, almost an eighth of a mile away, and her legs already felt like they were made of warm noodles as she sprinted after them followed by howls and screams.

*****

Bo was standing on the balcony of the country club smoking a cigarette and enjoying a second bottle of beer while talking with his old friend, Lopez. “So, you made major? That's not too bad for an old man, like you. Nice bump in pay too, I bet,” Bo said before taking another sip from the bottle.
“Let's just say I'm not hurting. Course, it came at a price,” Lopez said, looking across the deserted golf course and subdivisions beyond. He kicked at the ornamental metal handrail surrounding the balcony before continuing. “Thirty percent layoffs, can you believe that shit?”
“I know the economy sucks everywhere, but thirty percent? Jesus. When did it happen and how are you covering the loss in manpower?” Bo asked, then finished off the bottle.
“About a month after you resigned, the governor announced across the board cutbacks. Then the mayor took an ax to the city police budget on top of that. All city departments were slashed, not just the police. The worst part was, you weren't the only officer that resigned after that mess in the valley. In all, I think we lost ten good deputies. So far, we've been lucky though. We're stretched kind of thin, but at least the governor and mayor seem pleased with themselves.”
“Well don't blame me, I didn't vote for either of them,” Bo said, lighting a fresh cigarette and checking his cell phone screen. Billy was still at Josey's house. He looked at his old friend and noticed how tired he looked.
“What about you? Why do they have you pulling duty out here for the Mercedes crowd? You look exhausted.”
“The sheriff volunteered me,” Lopez said and yawned before continuing. “And that's after my regular shift, but he wanted someone here looking good for the mayor.” He brushed at the brass buttons of his dress uniform and shook his head.
“The mayor's here?”
Chuckling, Lopez gestured toward the locker room's downstairs. “Yep, and he's involved in a variety of fairly serious felonies at the moment.”
Bo looked confused.
Major Lopez chuckled before explaining. “He helped some of his buddies from Vegas organize a casino night downstairs in the locker room. I saw some of the strippers they brought in to serve drinks, too. They all looked very nice, but kind of young for my taste. I bet not one of them is old enough to drink legally.”
Bo smiled and held up his cell phone asking, “Want me to call one of my buddies who works at the newspaper? That sounds like it could be a great story.”
“It would be fun, but I don't want to go job hunting right now. Besides I got a deputy standing guard down there. The other one's wandering the parking lot, somewhere out there,” Lopez said, gesturing toward the hundreds of expensive luxury cars parked on both sides of the country club.
“So, you get to work the party itself? You lucky guy. What's with these rich bastards and all the loud music?” Bo asked, gesturing to the sliding glass doors vibrating a few yards away leading to the ball room.
“Yeah, I got earplugs for when I have to go in there. They're acting like idiots running around jumping on each other, trying to give a scare, when they're not spasmodically jerking around. Um, I mean dancing.”

A distant explosion made both men look up across the golf course, where a ball of flames rose into the sky somewhere in the subdivision of houses about a mile away.
“Fuck,” Lopez said, grabbing his radio's microphone. “Major Lopez to headquarters! There's been some kind of explosion and fire over near Bella Mariposa Avenue. Do you read?”
“Yes sir, Mariposa. We'll be sending out units and the fire department,” the dispatcher quickly answered.
“Are you sure that's Mariposa?” Bo asked, staring at the flames then checking his phone.
“Gotta be.”
“Shit, I gotta go! Billy's out somewhere near there! Bo shouted while running for the concrete staircase leading down to the Pro Shop.
“Take one of the golf carts! Just bring it back when you're done!” Lopez yelled, as Bo ran down the stairs shouting back, “Thanks!”

A minute later Lopez lost sight of Bo's cart and stared back at the distant flames. He was reaching for his earplugs when several distant gunshots joined in with the growing wail of sirens. More gunshots and a faint scream made Lopez reach for his radio microphone again. He didn't even get to press the button before the band inside suddenly stopped playing, and the overhead florescent lights came on behind him as dozens of screams mixed with shouts inside the ballroom.
Running back to the sliding glass door, he saw a wave of people heading toward him. He just got the door open when they started running past him. Lopez knew he wouldn't be able to get past the torrent of people streaming out and ran for the other end of the building, planning to circle around to the main entrance.
Keying his microphone, he started to speak, “Murphy, Sanchez, we got trouble upstairs! Get your asses-!” Glancing in a window words failed him as he saw a vampire, complete with the requisite long fangs, leaping through the air and landing on top of a woman dressed as a sexy nurse holding an oversized tongue depressor.
Lopez pulled his gun and took aim as the man (at least he fervently hoped it was just a man) bit down on the woman’s chest and wrapped his hands around her neck. As he fired the gun, a wave of panic stricken party goers pushed him along with them in their mad dash for the parking lot.

Deputy Murphy had been leaning against a new sports car with a finger wedged deep in his nose trying to work loose an elusive yet annoying booger when he heard Lopez over his radio. He started running toward the club, wiping his disgusting finger off on his uniform.
After two hours of pointlessly wandering around the parking lot, he was just happy that something interesting had finally happened. It wasn't until he saw the crowd of terrified people running for their cars that he got an idea whatever was going was a lot worse than a typical bar brawl.
Dodging around them, while pulling his sidearm, he finally got to the main doors and heard shouts and screams coming from inside. He took a deep breath and yanked open the door.
The first thing he saw were several dozen bloody bodies scattered across the room. An amplified electric guitar chord made him look past those people still running around, at the bandstand.
A long haired man was on stage swinging his guitar and trying to hit a guy dressed like Zorro.

In movies and on television it always worked, so Murphy fired a shot into the ceiling and shouted “Sheriff’s Department! Everyone freeze!”
The shot had an effect, although not the one he'd hoped for. At least two dozen people, all blood splattered, screamed and howled before turning and running toward him. The closest one was a waitress, gibbering nonsensical grunts. She ran at him with her arms outstretched. It didn't look like she had a weapon, but her eyes were scarlet and blood was flowing from them.
Aiming low, he shot her in the leg and fired at the next closest attacker. Behind him, he heard car engines starting and horns honking.
And to make things even more confusing, several people who'd been lying on the ground were getting up and heading toward him as he fired at three more of the closest apparently crazy people.
This is insane, I gotta run! He realized while backing toward the still open doorway.
There was a loud crash and the lights went out in the ball room. Some of the lights on the stage remained on, but everywhere else was black. Some of those moving toward him were wearing glow sticks and necklaces that flashed bright lights as they closed in. But even without those items he couldn't miss all their softly glowing red eyes.
Something grabbed his left arm.
He looked over at a set of brightly glowing fangs with a pair of red glowing eyes above them, pulling him back inside. He fired at the fangs while other hands and teeth attacked him in the darkness, biting and dragging him to the floor. His gun clicked empty as he felt the teeth of at least six people biting him simultaneously. As a combination of fury, pain and confusion overtook him, Deputy Murphy glimpsed the long haired man still holding a guitar with one hand quickly climbing up a scaffold that held strobe and other lights above the band stage.
From the staircase halfway across the main room, Deputy Sanchez saw everything that happened to Murphy before the lights went out. He quickly ran back down the staircase to the hall leading to the pro shop and locker rooms.
The emergency battery operated lights had automatically switched on and he saw some people coming in from the doors leading outside as well as some of the casino night patrons milling around asking what was going on.
“Everyone, be quiet. There's trouble upstairs. Get back in the locker room,” Sanchez said quietly, waving the people who'd entered from outside in as well.
A big man dressed like a barbarian, holding a large plastic double headed ax, looked past the deputy toward the sounds of screaming coming from the ballroom.
“Why aren't you upstairs doing something?” He asked loudly, looking down at Sanchez in contempt.
“Just get in there,” the deputy whispered urgently.
“Don't you try and tell me what to do. Don't you know who I am!?” The barbarian asked even louder, as he staggered around the hallway unsteadily.
His breath reeked of scotch, onions, and generally bad breath. It was obvious, from the way he was swaying unsteadily, that the man was drunk. Looking back down the still deserted hallway, Deputy Sanchez grabbed the big man's arm and tried to pull him into the locker room. A feat made difficult by both the group of casino patrons trying to get into the hallway and the barbarian's stubborn unwillingness to be moved. Jerking his muscular arm out of the deputy's hand, he looked toward the staircase at the far end of the hall with a determined look in his drunken eyes.
“Don't fucking touch me, little man! I am Ragnar the Barbarian, from the kingdom of Crotch Haven! I fear no evil, for I have my ax and magic medallion!”
Some of the people closest to the locker room door laughed and cheered the big man on with shouts of, “You tell him!” and “Get him Ragnar!”

A scream came from the staircase and Sanchez saw a vampire coming down the steps, followed by a group of other various costumed people. Though still far enough from the emergency lights to not be fully illuminated, their glowing eyes and the vampire's glowing teeth convinced him they were out of time.
“Everyone, get the fuck in there now!” The deputy shouted and pushed the group back into the locker room. He grabbed the door and shouted at the big man, who was grinning and holding his ax over his head, “Last chance! Get your ass in here, now!”
“Go away, you little cowardly boy! This is a job for a real man!” The barbarian shouted.
Slamming shut the door, Sanchez was dismayed to see there was no lock to engage and swore, “Shit!”

Ragnar swung his ax and hit the vampire in the head, knocking him into the wall. Had the weapon been made of metal and not just of hard plastic the effect would have no doubt been most impressive.
“By Odin's testicles, I'll-!” Ragnar roared in fury while a girl dressed as a sexy demon grabbed on to one of his muscular legs and bit down. A man and woman, wearing matching bumblebee costumes, seized each of his arms clawing and biting as more attackers came down the hall while snarling and screaming.
Roaring in pain (and a large amount of drunken fury) the barbarian swung around, lifted both of the bee people into the air and slammed the man into a glass display case containing various trophies and score cards from some of the best golf games ever played at the club. The glass shattered and the man in the bee suit was impaled on a large shard.
Sometime during the attack he'd lost his ax and Ragnar lifted a three foot long trophy out of the case and swung it down at the girl bee that was still clinging tenaciously and chewing at his other arm.
There was a crunching sound as her skull shattered like a china cup. She fell to the floor then Ragnar roared a challenge and backed up to the center of the hallway. “You dogs dare fuck with me!? You're all going down! Valhalla or bust, mother fuckers!”
The battle raged as he backed toward the door leading outside. By the time he reached the exit, Ragnar's vision had grown blurry and his thoughts became disjointed and confused. When he finally succumbed to the Keck virus, seven infected attackers lay badly hurt or dead along the hallway. Ragnar's victims included a woman dressed as a mermaid, who lost one of the two starfish that had been used as a bra, a girl in a demon costume, two bumblebees, a young man wearing a hockey mask and a woman wearing numerous latex wounds dressed (ironically enough) as a zombie.
Ragnar collapsed against the exit and knocked open the door as he fell. Staring up at the blood red moon he managed to whisper one last word before the last traces of his sanity were stripped away, “Valhalla.”

You can get the rest of the novel online at really good booksellers everywhere and, of course, Happy Halloween!
-Bill
