Demonmachy
By Brant Danay
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2011 Brant Danay
Copyright 2011 Severed Press
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to barnesandnoble.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Copyright © 2011 by Brant Danay
Copyright © 2011 by Severed Press
www.severedpress.com
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be
reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any
electronic or mechanical means, including
photocopying, recording or by any information and
retrieval system, without the written permission of
the publisher and author, except where permitted by
law.
This novel is a work of fiction. Names,
characters, places and incidents are the product of
the author’s imagination, or are used fictitiously.
Any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons,
living or dead, is purely coincidental.
All rights reserved.




1

The blood in the giant bong bubbled and swirled, emitting a sweet-smelling steam as it heated throughout the labyrinths of the monstrous Satanic pipe. A furnace the size of a torture chamber, an altar of sacrifice the size of a temple, an incinerator the size of a crematorium, the Bloodbong nearly consumed the capacious inner sanctum of meditation which housed it. Hells within hells within hells, like the universe itself.
The Bloodbong's endless mazes of tubes and chambers were woven into hypnotic patterns and mandalas, flowing endlessly into and unto themselves while filling its hollow, translucent effigies, caryatids, and telamones with hot vermilion plasma. Twisted like catacombs and intricate to the point of psychedelia, the sinister device was yet as controlled as a circulatory system, a mechanical tapestry of capillaries, arteries, veins, and organs that pulsed and beat like those of a living creature. Through the transparent, scarlet-fogged, rune-carved glass the blood could be seen pumping back and forth, rushing upwards, cataracting downwards, and swirling in crimson maelstroms, driven by the same powerful necromancies which had spawned the Bloodbong eons ago. Flames churned upwards from the interdimensional portal at its base, burning at light speed through an abyssal, roiling wormhole leading to the underworld, heating the Bloodbong with the very fires of Hell.
The center of the bong was huge and shaped like a living heart, its four contracting and expanding sections filled with a tangled mass of naked, screaming bodies, immersed to their necks in boiling blood. Some of the blood was their own. Some had belonged to their ancestors. Some was the blood of their children. They clawed at the sides of the bong's heart-chamber, their faces contorted into raw-meat animal masks. Nearly the last of the universe's dwindling population, they were not near to being the last of the Necrodelic's own personal supply of flesh. Victims, prisoners, and slaves he had, imprisoned throughout the demonium of his living spaceship. Evil he had. Power he had. What he craved, now, was enlightenment.
Chariah, the Death Addict, the Necrodelic, sat with his legs crossed in the ancient, often lethal, black lotus position, his wrists upon his knees and his fingertips joined. Gently, he wrapped his lips around the mouthpiece of the Bloodbong. Chariah inhaled, the deep, slow breath of the succubus. Smoke billowed and filled the chamber, filled his black lungs, his black flesh, his black soul. His ebon claws and jet hair grew longer, his eyes more crimson. Veins bulged like black mambas across the chiseled muscles of his caliginous figure. His blood quickened and fevered, as did his gonglike heartbeat, his meditative thoughts, and his sin-laden astrosome.
The bodies in the bong began to disintegrate, their flesh pulling apart and transmogrifying into red-tinged fumes. The thin screens surrounding the nexus of the gargantuan hookah like pericardium drew the fumes into the tubes of the pipe. Chariah exhaled, the deep, slow breath of the incubus. The clouds of smoke suffocating the chamber began to take on mystical formations. Death screams resonated like hideous mantras, then mutated into visible wraiths in rushes of synesthesia. 
The Necrodelic smoked his victims alive. His plasmoptic and pyroptic powers now heightened, the Necrodelic gazed through the blood and the smoke as though it were boiling Lethe and crystalline steam. He watched with drugged fascination as the skin of his victims fell to float in the blood of the bong, as chunks of muscle dropped away like the flesh of immolated lepers, as raw gleaming organs were slowly exposed, loosened, and freed, then dissipated into gory flotsam. He watched as bones began to separate, as charred skeletons unhinged, as entire bodies were reduced to wet ash, their fresh ghosts free-falling like his drifting consciousness, and then he himself was floating like the gruesome detritus in his pipe, floating downwards into a grave, the grave of the astral plane, where Mother Chaos awaited, pink flesh beckoning, purple hair streaming on psychic vibrations.
The touch of Mother Chaos was as that of a shadow or an ebony sunset, ephemeral as the blind eye contact of the null-demons which inhabited the black holes littering space. Her mouth and vagina were two of those black holes, it seemed, sucking Chariah's tongue and penis through the pink death that was her flesh, through the limits of love and beyond, to salvation or damnation, nirvana or Hell, their astral sex a microcosm of their apocalyptic spiritual war.
Cursed with omnisentience, Mother Chaos felt all the suffering throughout the universe simultaneously, as well as all the suffering which had gone before and all the suffering yet to come. The pleasure and pain of every spirit in existence, living or dead, resonated within her omnisentient astral body, an infinity of torments which only the love of her demon devotee could assuage.
The Necrodelic pretended he was Satan, his wrathful and ultimate master, as he made love to Mother Chaos. He could feel Satan watching as they writhed through time; he was Satan, now, phallic horns bleeding, veins and arteries wrapped in an interdimensional labyrinth around the exterior of his crimson body, barbed penis leaking fiery semen. He breathed omniscience like a drug, sighed omnipotence an eternity later.
As the Necrodelic and Mother Chaos made love, spirits rocketed through the astral plane from above, the severed souls of those whose bodies Chariah had smoked. They screamed at him as they were drawn inexorably downward. 
"...bastard Necrodelic...by bloody karma, Satan will have your soul as well...you will never become the Jh'a'vyraa..."
The white cataract of souls came to a blazing finale as they dropped out of sight, soon to be repossessed by Hell, probably never to be born again, for universal moksha, the terminus of all reincarnation, was imminent. Even now, reincarnation was attained by only the most highly evolved demons, for the gauntlet which preceded it grew more arduous by the moment, in direct relation to the proximity of the end of time and the velocity with which it approached. For most, to die in this age meant an eternity in Hell, their spirits plucked from the endless orbits of their samsaric cycles like planets being devoured by a black hole. 
Chariah knew this, and, thinking of such universal armageddon, asked Mother Chaos, "Will I be the Jh'a'vyraa?"
"... you will be the Jh'a'vyraa...my Jh'a'vyraa...together we will escape Satan...and attain the final enlightenment beyond...you shall become the Messiah of Death...and the salvation of the Jh'a'vyraa shall be ours..."
 Chariah kissed Mother Chaos and made love to her anew, her long purple nails vibrating along his back, her amethyst wings fluttering. Chariah's astral body quivered as they floated.
"Who is to be my next victim?", Chariah asked of Mother Chaos, his words running like ichor in the pulsating atmosphere.
Mother Chaos kissed Chariah on the forehead, and from her damson lips words came like slow worms, using his astral body as a conduit to embed themselves in his brain.
"...you will seek out Morpheus Rex...the Oneirophage...on the planet Grystiawa...he is a powerful demon with intricate and deadly designs on becoming the Messiah of Death...of attaining the Jh'a'vyraa...the devourer of dreams represents a serious threat to your destiny...his wise and ancient mind contains many dreams which he has ingested over the eons...dreams which you must smoke from his skull...tonight, we sail to Grystiawa, upon this dark jihad..."
The words maggoted through his mind, sensuously massaging and painfully lacerating his optic lobes, creating gory visions of the words' true meanings, and then the womb of Mother Chaos was shrinking, tighter and tighter, squeezing the blood and oxygen from his engorged phallus until it became bruised and disfigured like the throat of a strangled corpse. The Mistress of Entropy pulped his member for several moments before finally constricting her thighs and womb one final time, like a boa constrictor with its prey.
Mother Chaos' erotic quietus, their last act of tantric sadomasochism, brought the Necrodelic to Dark Orgasm, sexual death, his ceremonial gateway back to the physical plane. Blind as a grub, senseless as a corpse, helpless as an embryo, the Necrodelic drifted in an existential cosmos where nothing existed except void and orgasm. The sexual nihilism drained the thoughts from his mind like a sinkhole, then through his unfeeling body to be released with the smoke and the space that he invisibly ejaculated into the vacuum. Visions, dreams, and prophecies took the place of thoughts, only to be forgotten in the moments following their psychic flashpoints, and then the void became the orgasm, the orgasm became the void, and he was floating, floating upwards through a grave, the grave of the astral plane, back to the universe he must rape, back to the races he must slay, back to the smoke-filled, sperm-splattered meditation chamber of the living spaceship, and back to the body he must escape, ascending to the ultimate state of consciousness and freeing the tortured soul of Mother Chaos, his soulmate and guardian angel.
Awakening with newfound evil enlightenments, Chariah exited the meditation chamber through a living door that automatically dilated before him and constricted behind him. Chariah made his way to the womblike cockpit in the center of his bestial spaceship, where hanging forests of umbilical cords writhed and curled as they dangled from the ceiling. Likewise, living jungles of umbilical cords swayed and reached out like tentacles from the floors and walls. Chariah stepped inside, and a pink umbilical cord extended slowly from the ceiling and attached itself, on one plane, to his forehead; on another plane, to his third eye. A thousand more followed, joining their flesh to his with wet sucking noises at a thousand different points, pulling his body in a thousand different directions. The Necrodelic was raised toward the ceiling on umbilical stalactites, while umbilical stalagmites simultaneously fought to drag him back down to the floor. Tautening tentacles from every angle suspended the cruciform demon in midair, where he floated as though upon very slow winds. Through these umbilical cords Chariah connected with the ship's nervous system and telepathically guided it toward the Tyterviax system, where the planet Grystiawa spun and the Oneirophage dined upon feasts of dream. 
A pair of telescopic umbilical cords attached themselves to the rims of flesh around the Necrodelic's eye sockets, then stretched and bifurcated throughout the bestial spaceship to the myriad eyeballs scattered across its exterior. These scrying tubes enabled him to observe the universe from deep within his living vessel. He gazed with wonder across the dead and dying galaxies, graveyards of space once teeming with life, now laid to waste by armageddon and extinction. He contemplated the passing cosmos, its vastness as black as his billion lifetimes.
As the Necrodelic navigated the universe, he meditated upon love and death, and throughout the entire journey to the Tyterviax system, and throughout his entire meditation, he was haunted by Satan's blood-red stare, poking like hot torture irons through the myriad planes which separated the two of them, voyeur and demon, father and child.

2

Grystiawa's sunset was a bloodletting, a bloodletting Morpheus Rex felt in his flesh as he gazed like a drugged voyeur upon its vermilion splendors. Through the vast, sometimes kaleidoscopic, stained-glass windows of his prism palace, Phantasmagorika, he watched the scarlet rays spray the firmament as though from a thousand severed carotid arteries. The clouds of evening absorbed the infinite shades of darkling red until they hung like blood-soaked bandages across the wounded skies. Crepuscular crimson sunbeams flowed profusely over the planet, as if the jugular veins of Satan himself had been slashed asunder.  At the nexus of this ensanguined twilight the red sun Tyterviax beat like a dying heart, sinking deeper and deeper into a lake of its own blood, twitching like the scattered shrapnel of daylight surrounding it as it drowned. The spill of crimson light from the setting sun was not only reminiscent of a bloodletting, but symbolic of one as well, for it was a harbinger of the violent deaths which were as inherent to the Grystiawan nocturnes as black skies, red moons, and golden starlight.
For the devourer of dreams, the sunset was a soulletting. As the day died, so too did his diurnal persona. As Morpheus Rex, the Dreaming Predator, he had stalked the badlands of Grystiawa since dawn, walking with deafening silence, running at blinding speeds, and fighting with mind-numbing ferocity upon the lower body of a hominid demon. On two legs, with the thighs of a tiger and the tattoos of a serial killer, Morpheus Rex hunted, crippling and subduing his prey with Prismsword, Spectrumhammer and Rainbowspear, leaving his victims bloodied, wounded, and maimed, but never dead. Dreams were a drug most potent when imbibed from the flesh, blood, and brains of the living. Thus, the sacrificial dreamers never knew death until their slayer had satiated his psychedelic addictions.
Until such time, their vanquished bodies were stored in the Darkprism, a sable, pentagram-shaped talisman which he wore around his neck while he hunted, a tiny black hole from which neither light nor souls could escape unless summoned. Thusly were his prey and their dreams preserved until he returned home to Phantasmagorika, his mighty, glittering, sparkling castle which had been carved from a single megalithic prism, an ephemeral oneiromancer's palace which disappeared every evening, and reappeared in a different part of Grystiawa every morn.
As the last vermilion rays of sunset laced his bedchamber window like veins and arteries, the diurnal persona of Morpheus Rex began to retreat. The sun and the skies, the clouds and the land, gradually turned black by degrees of crimson. Grystiawa reddened itself into darkness. 
The sound of Phantasmagorika's heliotropic gateways closing for the night reverberated and echoed across the planet. They did not close to keep intruders out. They closed to keep victims in. In one silent moment nightfall covered Grystiawa. The soulletting of Morpheus Rex followed within a nanosecond. The flesh between his thighs began to weld itself together, the skin on his legs crawling in rippling sheets like beached manta rays, until all beneath his twin penises was interwoven and had transformed into the tail of a gargantuan serpent. Dark, iridescent scales and diamondback patterns replaced the tattoos that had adorned his legs. Like a male lamia he hissed and slithered, a demon from the waist up, a serpent from the waist down. 
The change was one of inner metamorphosis as well, a psychic transmutation of self, a nocturnal enlightenment, a spiritual vivisection, a soul transplant. As his brain slowly filled with blood like a living sponge, the bestial psyche of Morpheus Rex was conquered by the demonic psyche of the Oneirophage. Oestrus became sadomasochism; torture and suffering became meditation. Hunger and thirst became vampiric cravings for blood, flesh, and dreams; shamanic cravings for drugs, enlightenment, and power. Totemic religion was conquered by devil worship. Psychedelic synesthesias of blood assailed him from every possible sensory organ. The thrill of the hunt mutated into perversions of evil, fetishes for murder and mass destruction, a lust for apocalypse and eternal damnation. Death was revealed as the ultimate reality, the meaning of life, the raison d'etre. The entire universe was his hunting grounds, and total genocide was vital to his survival.
The nocturnal transformation was complete. Carnivorous beast had evolved into genocidal demon. Morpheus Rex had metamorphosed into the Oneirophage. The familiar, black enlightenments known only by highly evolved demons, powerful deities, and almighty Satan himself permeated his mind, body, and soul once more.
The last changes were minor, final adaptations of the flesh to the spirit's metamorphosis. Externally, his prismatic eyes began to glow from within, rather than reflecting and refracting light. Heat-vision gave way to night-vision and dream-vision. Internally, the cravings began. Like a vampire's bloodlust, dreams were the only substance that could sustain his nocturnal flesh and evil soul. He craved dreams, needed dreams, was addicted to dreams like a drug. His brain was starved, throbbing with stabbing hunger pangs, so many hunger pangs that they left him room for only one thought at a time, a single mantra that repeated itself, over and over, inside his pain-wracked mind:
I would die for dreams.
Lounging on his vast, rose-colored bed, surrounded by bloodstains and blankets, the Oneirophage watched the moonrise through the stained-glass window which comprised the western wall of his bedchamber. With eyes like flaming prisms the Oneirophage gazed upon the shadowy, blood-colored wastelands of his realm. Grystiawa was dying in stages, piece by piece, a little more with each victim the Oneirophage killed. The bloodletting sunset was the signal of temporary safety for those few who had escaped the Oneirophage's clutches thus far, those still roaming the crimson moors outside his castle. It was the signal of doom for those within, who stood chained together against the curved wall facing the Oneirophage's bed. Their final day had ended. Their final night had commenced.
Just as the Oneirophage preferred the more powerful dreams of living organisms, he knew also that appendages could become repositories and escape routes for dreams. Thus, his feast had to be properly prepared. So, as he did every night, the Oneirophage herded the manacled victims toward the Amputator, the gargantuan, imposing limbing machine in the southern wing of the bedchamber. Fourteen prey, Morpheus Rex had captured for him. Fourteen skulls worth of dreams, he would eat and drink this night. 
With death's own gaze the prism-eyed demon arranged his sacrifices outside the mechanical jaws of the Amputator. The prisoners were bolted in iron collars by abdomen and throat to a lengthy, gem-encrusted surgical table, upon which they lay supine and prostrated. The long adamantium chains that had bound them to the floor, ceiling, walls, and each other were now manacled to hooks on either side of the limbing machine's innards. The chains held their captives tautly spread-eagled, arms and legs extended like living pentagrams, horizontally crucified. The fourteen pentagrams of flesh were bound in a straight line upon the elongated, jeweled, bloodstained platform, which now looked eerily like the feasting tables in the dining halls of cannibal emperors. 
The Oneirophage slithered to the giant wheel protruding from the side of the Amputator. He it and began to slowly turn, grinding the gears of the mutilation machine. The surgical table bearing the captives lurched and began to move inexorably into the bowels of the Amputator. Four blades fell simultaneously, followed immediately by the wet thud of four severed limbs striking the floor.
Screams tore the night air as a second body was dragged beneath the guillotines. The first was conveyed deeper into the Amputator, past two walls of open flames that cauterized the wounds at shoulders and hips, preserving both life and dreams, before depositing the limbless prey in an obsidian cage.
The Oneirophage observed the severing mechanisms of the gruesome device as he operated it. The sight of naked flesh, the sounds of terrified screams, and the smell of blood made the Oneirophage's dream-cravings even more intense. His prismatic eyes gleamed with lust, his three forked tongues licked his dripping fangs and rainbow lips. His chiseled muscles stood out against his skin while he toiled, bringing the runes and images of the tattoos which covered his entire body to life. Flames flickered, weapons flashed, zodiacs rotated and orbited upon his painted flesh like sentient artwork. Death's heads and demon faces smiled and snarled, serpents and beasts hunted and flew, incubi and succubi copulated and battled. A thousand images writhed as the sinews beneath them moved, tinged with the blood the Oneirophage was sweating as he operated the mechanism. Crimson perspiration soaked his long, brown, prism-plaited hair and beard, and ran down his body as his cravings deepened and his withdrawals intensified. One by one the victims were limbed, cauterized, and collected. After mere minutes, the ceremony was complete.
The Oneirophage began to gather up his limbed prey, gripping handfuls of hair, or fistfuls of genitals, and tossing the amputees upon his roseate, gore-stained blankets in a pile of flesh. The Oneirophage grabbed the Umbilicus, a hollow, strawlike sorcerer's wand capable of infinite permutations and surgical functions. 
Holding the Umbilicus in one manicured hand, each long fingernail painted with various sigils and mandalas, he observed the victims writhing on his bed, their still-sizzling armholes and legholes sticking to the blankets and leaking black pus. He leaned over a pale green female, her naked, limbless torso twitching like a large invertebrate, her breasts swinging back and forth as she wormed and writhed. He placed the straw between her emerald lips and drank deeply, sucking dreams of romance through her mouth and into his, down his throat, and into his bloodstream. Dreams of succubus lips and Satanic kisses blossomed in his brain, of vaginas and oubliettes opening and closing like mouths. The Oneirophage licked his rainbow lips with each of his three forked tongues and sighed.
He placed the straw into the ear of a blue-skinned male and sucked again. Dreams of comets shooting up from Hell hit him in the teeth and tongues, slammed into his heart and taking him deeper into trance. Switching the Umbilicus into a triple-curled, six-pronged straw, he cleaned the blood from around the mouth and ears of the two dream-robbed husks, vacuuming up any remnants of dreams they might carry, and then placed two of the tube's ends in the eyes of a yellow-skinned male. Dreams of Satan came bubbling; he watched them travel up the straw with drugged fascination. He dreamed that he was Satan, swimming in an ocean of blood, amidst crimson mermaids whom he made love to, swimming to a heart the size of a planet. Fascinated, he placed the straw in the yellow-skinned male's nostrils, hoping to tap these archetypes again. The ocean of blood returned, he dreamt he was Satan, the red mermaids beckoned, and then the dream faded and was no more.
Allowing the dreams to flow, for they could become lethal if he did not, the Oneirophage turned his attentions downward. He placed the now quadruple-twisted Umbilicus into a pink-skinned virgin's vagina. Pretending it was Mother Chaos, he inhaled, drawing in sexual fantasies and sadomasochistic nightmares. The Oneirophage dreamt that his twin penises were releasing pink, perfumed semen. Not yet satisfied, he placed the straw at the tip of a purple-scaled incubus' penis, bringing forward through the urethra first dreams, then sperm, then blood, a mixture which influenced the Oneirophage's dreams toward the coming of the Jh'a'vyraa. Feeling as if his mind's eye had become infinitely more focused, the Oneirophage dreamt of becoming the Jh'a'vyraa, of attaining that state of bliss beyond rebirth, where Satan could not terrify him with excruciating nightmares,  fear injections, venereal paranoias, primal instincts, and suicidal tendencies. As the Jh'a'vyraa, he would torture himself eternally, masturbate eternally, and dream eternally. The euphoric dark enlightenments of pain, sex, and evil would be forever bound to his soul.
For hours, the Oneirophage drained the limbed bodies of their dreams, imbibing most of their blood, and eating some of their flesh and organs as well. His final dream-visions were of the Necrodelic, his dark soulmate, his nemesis, whom he must soon fight to the death. He observed the flesh-smoker's methods of battle, his strengths, his weaknesses. He dreamed of scalping the Necrodelic, creating a bloody oracle upon his glistening, gory skull. He peered through the crown of the Necrodelic's head and watched the dreams flow through his black brain. The dreams were memories of past slaughters and prophecies of massacres yet to come, and the Oneirophage saw that the Necrodelic received his sorcerous powers from death.
Dreams of Mother Chaos filled the scalped-skull oracle now, and the Oneirophage saw that she was the Necrodelic's soulmate. Mesmerized by their second dream encounter of the night, the Oneirophage drifted once more into a concatenation of erotic fantasies, a sexual reverie that bore him past the threshold of midnight and into deeper slumber.
As sperm, blood, and venom fountained from his two erect penises, splattering his unconscious body in the name of the Mistress of Entropy, the Oneirophage's astral body arose from the sanguinary, corpse-laden covers and projected into the night. For a time he soared over the red and black wastelands of Grystiawa in his nightly travels, scouting the living and haunting the newly dead, escorting them downward, ever downward, to the boundaries of Hell. He observed and dreamt of those whom he would stalk the following day, singling out the weak, the sick, and the old, forming battle-strategies for the coming dawn, when he would once again assume the role of the hunter and the beast, the Dreaming Predator, Morpheus Rex. He dreamt also that, in the near future, he became the hunted.
 His brain turgid with dreams, the Oneirophage slept, his wandering soul soaring wistfully through realms of ephemera and phantasmagoria. Above Grystiawa, Tyterviax shone on. Beyond the crimson sun space continued to grow blacker and blacker, with death and with evil, as the eons passed. Elsewhere, somewhere, or perhaps nowhere, beyond everything Satan had ever created, salvation awaited the conqueror of the universe, for whosoever survived armageddon, whomever became the last entity or pair of soulmates left alive at the end of time, would become the Jh'a'vyraa, the Messiah of Death, and attain infinite peace. Every other soul in existence would rot in Hell, for all eternity. Of this, the Oneirophage dreamt until waking.
*
The crimson dawn was like surgery, the red sun Tyterviax a bleeding tumor cut from the flesh of night. Beams of morning light revealed the badlands of Grystiawa like scalpels and daggers exposing inner organs. Red dunes and pieces of desert opened like wounds before the stabbing illumination. Mountain ranges glistened like exposed spines. Like surgery, the seasons changed, the eons passed, the stars and planets revolved in orbit, and so too did the Grystiawan night pass once more into day.
Surgical, as well, was the psychic mutation of the Oneirophage. The rebirth of Morpheus Rex, and the limbo of the Oneirophage, were samsaric surgeries, a metamorphosis of the spirit, like the cycles of reincarnation stretching from the genesis of the universe to the end of time. The soulletting was instant, at the exact nanosecond of sunrise, and the diurnal destroyer, the bestial slayer, the Dreaming Predator, Morpheus Rex, had arisen again.
Morpheus Rex awakened in a mass grave, the carnage of the Oneirophage's nocturnal rituals strewn across his bloodstained bed. A cannibal's breakfast surrounded him, and he nourished himself upon raw demon meat, tearing chunks of flesh apart with sabretooth cobra fangs, swallowing inner organs whole with an anaconda's throat, and lapping up blood and other bodily fluids with his three forked tongues. Upon finishing his morning feast, Morpheus Rex licked the gore from his rainbow lips and prepared for battle.
He was now fully awake, his instincts razor-bladed and saw-edged for the hunt. Tossing back his long, prism-plaited hair, Morpheus Rex placed the Darkprism around his neck. He exited the bedchamber, which now resembled a golgotha, and headed for the weapons gallery to retrieve his trio of hunting tools. He removed the Prismsword and the Spectrumhammer from their racks, slung the Rainbowspear over his shoulder, and then descended the sparkling stairways of his palace. With rainbows carving up the air like lasers, the Dreaming Predator stepped into his entrance hall.
Phantasmagorika's seven heliotropic gateways had been unlocked and opened by the rays of dawn. Morpheus Rex navigated the labyrinthine, light-controlled egress of double-doors, swinging doors, trap-doors, ceiling-doors, hidden doors, and irising portals, then passed under the sparkling spikes of the heliotropically raised portcullis and over the heliotropically lowered drawbridge. The bridge led Morpheus Rex safely across a psychedelic moat of liquid hallucinogens and into his hunting grounds. 
Raising high both Prismsword and Spectrumhammer as he stood outside his resplendent palace, with the colors of his weapons reflecting and refracting all around him, and his grotesque and sinister tattoos glowing and shimmering upon his bulging muscles, Morpheus Rex let ring his piercing battle cry.
The hunt had begun.

3

The Necrodelic's bestial spaceship skimmed the crimson cumulus of Grystiawa's vermilion atmosphere, its shadows falling not only upon the clouds, but into the clouds, as though they had mass and weight, or were composed of antimatter. The shadows dwelled inside the clouds like gargantuan parasites, their atramentous bodies visible through the diaphanous layers of mist like ticks nestled in flesh, or unhatched spiders gestating in translucent egg sacs.
The nearly tangible nature of its shadow was a dark testament to the raw, pure power of the vessel and its master, as well as an ominous sigil which augured the extreme evil of the invader. Like a black hole moon, the writhing spaceship orbited the rim of the planet, dropping its shadows like omens into the clouds, across the scab-like deserts, and onto the maroon mountain ranges. With the deliberate slowness of a predator, the bestial spaceship flew closer and closer to the planet Grystiawa, until the creatures already fleeing across the wastelands could make out its sinister features with their naked eyes.
The hideous vessel seemed to be an amalgamation of every species that had ever lived, joined together by surgery and sorcery. Appropriately named the Omnibeast, the soaring monstrosity was the result of several millennia of conquerment and enslavement, subjugation and domination, breeding and mutation, vivisection and necromancy. Dragonlike scales protruded across the ship's outer skin, vertical and diagonal mountain ranges that often converged to protect the ship's vital parts. Several of these vital parts were the Omnibeast's crimson eyes, which were now blinking open to gaze across the Grystiawan landscape. Humongous black nightworms with open-mouthed rings of sabretooth fangs, some of which dripped venom, protruded from the exterior of the mammoth vessel. Hundreds of eyestalks extended from the spaceship as well, ending in swiveling bloodshot spheres that looked about in all directions. If followed into the vessel with X-ray vision, one would see those same nightworms and eyestalks seamlessly flowing into the hundreds of umbilical cords which were ubiquitous throughout the entire spaceship, controlling it like the multi-tipped whips of a hecatoncheire dominatrix. The fleshlike tubes looped and burrowed through glands, nerves, organs, oracles, and altars of sacrifice, ultimately converging in the nexus of the vessel. Inside this central cockpit the Necrodelic's body was attached to the umbilical cords, through which he controlled the nervous system, circulatory system, digestive system, and every other aspect of the living spaceship, sometimes giving it coordinates for flights across the universe and sometimes commanding it in cataclysmic battles and apocalyptic space-wars. The umbilical cords pumped thousands of drugs and hormones, hypnotic suggestions and Satanic chantings, black electricity and sacrificial blood, into and out of the bestial spaceship's consciousness. The umbilical cords were the chains of the dungeonkeeper, the reins of the dragonrider, the whips of the beastmaster. The umbilical cords were lifelines in the black grip of the Necrodelic, and through them Chariah possessed the bestial spaceship in much the same way he often possessed the minds, the flesh, and the souls of the innocent and the damned. Through them, Chariah was at one with his sentient, intergalactic monstrosity. The bestial spaceship was an extension of the Necrodelic's dark spirit, just like a possessed victim, just like his own physical body.
Extending from the carapace of the Omnibeast like turrets were the eight Hydratowers, rearing back on thousand-foot long necks in a circle around the center of the spaceship's roof. Each severed but still-living hydra head faced in a different direction, equidistant from one another, like the points of a compass. The eight legs of a gargantuan spider protruded from the ship's underbelly to form the Arachniotics, its landing gear. The Omnibeast also possessed four giant, living figureheads: the Overdragon, Scythetooth, War Mantis, and Darkworm. Each monstrosity had been embedded in the ship and bonded to its nervous system. The Overdragon was breathing fire from what was currently serving as the front of the spaceship, and it was before his fiery maw that the inhabitants of Grystiawa now fled. Its fanged mouth breathed the very flames of Hell from its interplanal lungs, and was capable of unleashing the fiery tornadoes and hurricanes of the infernal underworld, as well. It could destroy or devour a moon or a small planet within a matter of hours. 
The Overdragon's reptilian skull extended from a long, thick neck adorned by plates and spikes, which constantly curved and snaked and looked as though it were eternally arising for battle. His ebony head tapered into a crocodilian snout, and possessed above its crimson eyes the horns of Satan. Those horns crackled with black electricity and oozed blood from their tips during combat. They were strong enough to trigger supernovas and sharp enough to cut through the very fabric of space and time. The Overdragon's horns had been bestowed upon it by Satan himself, for the Overdragon had once been the High Priest of a race of devil-worshipping dragonmen. 
This ancient beast had been conquered long ago, during the Necrodelic's genocide of the dragonmen, and made into a living sacrifice. Subjugated to Chariah's necromancy and bonded by a blood debt, the creature had been used as the basis from which the rest of the bestial spaceship was grown. Its slanted eyes still burned red in their sockets with the wisdom of its eons of existence, but they were enslaved to their demon master, and the Overdragon had very little hope of ever becoming the Jh'a'vyraa. Its titanic body was now nothing more than a steed and a slave for its possessor.
The Overdragon breathed tsunamis of flame across the badlands, searing the flesh off of various monsters and demons in less than a nanosecond and leaving mushroom clouds and billowing smoke in its wake. Charred skeletons stood amidst the conflagrations for several moments before collapsing to the scorched ground. Deserts of maroon sand transformed into plains of black glass as the Overdragon seared the planet's surface with Hellfire.
Deep inside the Omnibeast, Chariah watched the devastation through telescopic umbilical cords. The smell of roasted flesh wafted into the cockpit in black clouds of oily smoke, transported to the chamber directly from the battlefield and exhaled by the various umbilical cords which dangled and swayed from the floor, walls, and ceiling. The Necrodelic breathed in the smoked flesh and was soon suffused with a pleasant sensation. Though far less powerful than smoking flesh from the Bloodbong, it nonetheless heightened his senses, sharpened his instincts, and induced a mild feeling of tranquility. The umbilical cords exhaled puffs of smoke like mouths, and the cockpit soon grew murky and became covered with a fine silt of ashes.
Rhythmically breathing in and out, as though deep in meditation, Chariah telepathically flew the Omnibeast across Grystiawa, spreading genocide and coming a little closer to becoming the Jh'a'vyraa with every murder. With umbilical cords attached to his eyelids, he searched for Morpheus Rex. The ground and sky blurred past at supersonic speeds. Far below, the little creatures ran and died, and even the tallest anakim and largest nephilim seemed like insects as the flames struck them. He caught a few winged spiders in mid-air with fireballs as well. Some of the spiders exploded, while others crashed like meteors to the ground. Mountaintops whizzed by and the Overdragon assailed them with barrages of flame. Giant black tentacles reached out from the bestial spaceship and snatched organisms from caves and peaks and valleys, to be absorbed into the vessel through one of its myriad orifices and borne through its giant veins and arteries into Chariah's dungeons.
Once past the mountain range, Chariah directed the spaceship east, and momentarily caught the flash of color created by the Prismsword of Morpheus Rex. Chariah could smell the dreams of his enemy from afar, and as he breathed in their mixture of perfume and decay, the very dreams of the Oneirophage from the night before played in his brain. He watched in his mind's eye as the Oneirophage metamorphosed into Satan, as the Oneirophage swam through oceans of blood inhabited by crimson mermaids, hypnotized by the slow drum of a giant, beating heart. He hissed as he watched the Oneirophage divining from the oracle of his own exposed brain, with a sensation that was somewhat like being in a hall of broken mirrors, reflecting endlessly into infinity. He snarled and flexed his claws as he observed the Oneirophage's desire for Mother Chaos, the wet dreams wherein he raped Chariah's soulmate.
Detaching himself from the umbilical cords as the Omnibeast landed, Chariah left the cockpit and made his way through the labyrinth of his vessel. A few minutes later, the jaws of the Overdragon opened, raised by umbilical cords which served as prosthetic muscles, ligaments, and tendons. Its fangs raised up like a portcullis, and its bloated tongue emerged into the daylight, salivating onto the ground far below. Moments later, the dark figure of the Necrodelic emerged from the corridor like throat to stand within the dripping maw, his long, black hair streaming behind him, his sculptured musculature silhouetted by dragon fangs and surrounded by clouds of sulfurous smoke.
"Drakhus," he spoke. The dragon's tongue elongated and lowered its master to the ground several hundred feet below.
The Necrodelic stood as dark, as silent, and as still as outer space, making his descent with stoic evil. His long hair billowed like wings behind him, fluttering and hovering on the downward breezes. As he stepped onto the surface of Grystiawa, the soul of the planet shuddered beneath him like a submissive bitch. With Hell in his eyes, Chariah gazed across the blood-red badlands, his enlightened demonsight drinking in every detail of the new battlefield for thousands of miles around.
The Necrodelic focused his crimson eyes upon his prey. His demonsight isolated Morpheus Rex several miles in the distance, hunting beyond the horizon, stalking the badlands beside the mountain ranges. Chariah watched as Morpheus Rex battled, subdued, and captured a Grystiawan demon. He observed the Dreaming Predator's strengths and weaknesses, his fighting techniques and tendencies. For one eternal moment, the Necrodelic spied upon Morpheus Rex the same way Satan spied upon the universe: from beyond. Then, in one timeless instant, from twenty miles away, the Necrodelic gazed directly into Morpheus Rex's eyes.
The Dreaming Predator felt the Necrodelic's flaming eye contact long before he saw it. It was like being telepathically abacinated. When he raised his eyes to meet the Necrodelic's, two infrared beams formed across the crimson wastelands, locking the two warriors together with eye contact as tangible as fire, eye contact that pierced like branding irons, the eye contact of dark soulmates destined to do battle.
The infrared eye contact would draw the Necrodelic across the vast expanses of maroon desert to combat Morpheus Rex. Chariah could no more unlock his unblinking gaze than he could gouge his own eyeballs out. Morpheus Rex's eyes had likewise been impaled, as surely as if red-hot spikes had been driven through them, and they held him just as motionless. With hot blood running down his face, he watched the Necrodelic come. The infrared beams grew shorter as the Necrodelic approached. The last several seconds, Chariah strode with the purpose of a panther, then came to a catlike stop a mere foot from his prey. His black claws glinted, his dark muscles rippled. These were his only weapons, but they were among the deadliest in the universe. His only armor was his skin, his physique, and his indomitable threshold for pain. The Necrodelic fought naked, for he was practically immortal, and pain did not disturb him. The flesh-smoking demon palpably radiated necromancy. An infinity of lethal spells were stored within his charred brain and scorched soul. His sorceries were as deadly as his claws, and as cruel as Satan himself. 
Morpheus Rex raised his Prismsword and Spectrumhammer, reflecting the infrared eye contact across the badlands like the veins and arteries of Grystiawa's sunsets. Morpheus Rex gazed upon the Necrodelic with bloody-rimmed eyes, thousands of colors flashing inside them every second, like prisms spinning beneath a solar flare. The crimson tattoos of beating hearts began to pulse more rapidly around them.
"I've been dreaming of you", Morpheus Rex spake, his susurrating voice the hiss of a serpent, his three forked tongues flickering in and out of his mouth. "I've been dreaming of you every night. I've been dreaming of you making love to Mother Chaos. Dreaming of your extinctions of entire species,  your genocides of entire races, your detonations of entire solar systems. I've been dreaming of your Bloodbong, your spaceship, your necromancy. Soon, I will be eating your dreams and drinking your blood. Soon, I will be haunted by your ghost in my bedchambers. When I sleep, I will dream your dreams, grow wet with your fantasies, and scream from your nightmares. After tonight, Necrodelic, you shall dream nevermore."
Chariah watched Morpheus Rex's three forked tongues slither back and forth. They darted in and out of his rainbow lips while he spoke in the sibilant language of serpentkind. Morpheus Rex rose up and swayed like a cobra while he talked of dreams and threatened death. Like a cobra he paused, and then, like a cobra, he struck, Prismsword curving through the air in a rainbow arch aimed for the Necrodelic's neck.
Sparks flew as Chariah deflected the blow, and then, with razor-sharp claws pressed against razor-sharp blade, Chariah leaned in close to Morpheus Rex's tattooed face, bared his fangs, and snarled, "You'll be dreaming in Hell tonight."
Their eye contact materialized again in crimson laser beams and became increasingly warm after Chariah's black promise, growing hotter and hotter as the Necrodelic's eyes blazed with successively deeper and deeper shades of red. Morpheus Rex's eyes were welded once more to the Necrodelic's stare like cauterized flesh. His eyelids were immoveable, adhered like roasted skin to lenses and sockets alike. Sparks began to fill the air between them, and then the fires of Hell came roaring through Chariah's soul, through his glowing crimson eyes which had been forged in those very fires, and then the space between them exploded.
Flames reached a thousand feet into the skies, thunder shook the ground and air, and the explosion of Hellfire threw the Dreaming Predator a mile into the distance. Chariah stood peacefully amidst the roaring fire and black smoke, calm and serene in his natural environment, a pleasant rush of pyromania flowing through his body.
The same glowing eyes which had brought Hellfire to Grystiawa watched with calculating observation as Morpheus Rex was blown backwards through the red-hot air and into the distant wastelands. Seconds later, Morpheus Rex landed on his feet in a battle stance, with Prismsword at a diagonal angle before him and Spectrumhammer held aloft over his head. Chariah did not hesitate, but charged at once from the wall of fire which surrounded him. One demonic leap landed him nearly atop the stunned Morpheus Rex, though he came down with the Rainbowspear firmly impaled through his thigh. He had barely twisted enough, at the apex of his flight, to avoid being castrated in mid-air. 
Black claws slashed four lines of blood across Morpheus Rex's face as the Necrodelic dropped like a bird of prey from the skies, one from ear to chin, one from cheekbone to jaw, one from temple to upper lip, and one from brow to nose. The four long wounds gushed immediately, leaving Morpheus Rex awash in his own blood. The Necrodelic pulled the Rainbowspear out of his thigh and hurled it over the horizon. 
Morpheus Rex licked the blood matting in his prism-plaited beard with his three tongues. As he moved his mouth, Chariah peered through the hole that had been torn in the Dreaming Predator's cheek. Just before it was once again obscured by blood and hanging flaps of skin, the opening briefly revealed the inside of Morpheus Rex's mouth. Within, the Necrodelic glimpsed the glistening of just-summoned venom on the tips of his fangs, like dripping hypodermic needles connected to syringes full of liquid cyanide.
Even though Chariah saw the poison drip from Morpheus Rex's fangs before he opened his mouth, he was still barely able to avoid the cobra strike. Morpheus Rex's fangs closed upon air as Chariah sidestepped his attack. Droplets of venom spattered the sands like raindrops, where they would continue to sizzle for hours afterward.
Chariah backslashed his claws across Morpheus Rex's exposed throat. One claw severed his jugular vein, the other his carotid artery. The third clove his esophagus in half. The fourth ruptured his larynx. The blow would have decapitated a lesser demon. It would have decapitated ten lesser demons standing in an executioner's row. Morpheus Rex, however, was a highly evolved and enlightened demon, and could not be destroyed so easily.
As Morpheus Rex staggered backwards, blood pouring down his chest from his ruined throat, and jetting outward in streams from his mutilated jugular vein and carotid artery, the Necrodelic leaped towards him, his right arm extended over his head to deliver another blow. Morpheus Rex raised the Prismsword, tilting it towards the sun so that it reflected a multitude of colored beams at the Necrodelic. The strings of color tangled with the demon's long talons, stopping them in mid-air. A second later, Morpheus Rex pulled Chariah towards him with a jerk of the blade, and the crushing weight of the Spectrumhammer met the Necrodelic halfway, shattering his ribcage and sternum and slamming him to the ground. 
Chariah rose with black ribs protruding jaggedly from his side, their ebony edges tipped with crimson. The claws of his right hand were still caught in the rainbow webbing of the Prismsword. He countered by sinking his fangs into the side of Morpheus Rex's skull. 
The dream-eater tried to swing his Spectrumhammer again, but their close quarters prevented it. Morpheus Rex unleashed his serpentine powers of hypnotism instead, his prism eyes transforming into kaleidoscopes that paralyzed Chariah's eyeballs within their very sockets and momentarily halted his every thought process. Within that instant, Morpheus Rex struck again, burying his fangs in the Necrodelic's neck, even as the Necrodelic's fangs remained lodged in his own skull. 
Venom coursed into the Necrodelic's carotid artery. The poison burned, but the Necrodelic seemed immune to its pain. Its paralyzing chemicals also seemed ineffective. Enraged, Morpheus Rex drove his fangs even deeper into the side of Chariah's neck, into his throat, injecting yet more venom into his bloodstream. Chariah pulled his fangs from Morpheus Rex's head and swung his right hand, claws still entangled with the Prismsword, in a sweeping arc through the air. The strength of his massive biceps and triceps carried Morpheus Rex through the air with them, unsheathing his fangs from his throat, breaking the rainbow strands of color around his talons, and flinging the dream-eater far into the distance, to land with bonebreaking force amidst the now flickering-out fires raised by Chariah's pyromancy.
Chariah caught his breath and refocused upon his enemy, prepared to attack again, but Morpheus Rex was already halfway across the desert, and an instant later, had completely disappeared. Chariah raked his demonsight across the planet, but could find no trace of the dream-eater. Neither his sense of smell, his echolocation, nor his psychic powers could determine where the Dreaming Predator had gone. He had obviously cast some sort of spell with his oneiromancy to prevent the Necrodelic from tracking him. 
The Necrodelic's pectoral muscles heaved up and down as he struggled to breathe with broken ribs. A winged spider briefly attacked him. Chariah slashed his claws in a glittering black blur through the air, and the flying arachnid fell to the ground in four oozing, spasming pieces. Silently, Chariah turned and walked back to his ship. Directly behind him, the crimson sun Tyterviax was setting in a brilliant bloodbath to rival the one it had just witnessed, and Chariah's imposing silhouette stood black as night and deepest outer space before its vermilion corona. Casting long obsidian shadows which were not quite as dark as his flesh, the Necrodelic strode away from the setting sun, his silhouette growing larger while the red sun behind it grew smaller.
 He returned to the Omnibeast and entered his bestial lair after once again whispering "Drakhus". Minutes later, the Omnibeast rose into the air and soared away. The night, which was another of Chariah's natural habitats, had just begun, and so too had his battle with Morpheus Rex, the Oneirophage. 

4

Leaving a sigmoid trail of blood in his wake, the Oneirophage dragged his wounded body through Phantasmagorika. Torn flaps of snakeskin dangled from his face and chest, and half-clotted scabs obscured his elaborate tattoos. Just navigating the mazes and slithering up the rampways of his palace was excruciating, the injuries he had suffered in combat against the Necrodelic alive with pain. Though Morpheus Rex had desired to continue his battle with the Death Addict, the were-mechanisms in his brain had been triggered by sunset, rendering him a zombie and hypnotically forcing him back to his lair with a primal force as irresistible as gravity.
He briefly visited his weapons gallery and hung the Prismsword and Spectrumhammer on their racks. The Rainbowspear had been summoned back to his open hand as he made his retreat and, like an obedient familiar, had launched itself from whatever unknown region of Grystiawa it had been flung to by the Necrodelic and flown like a heat-seeking missile to its master. He placed it upon the weapons rack with its two brothers, then headed for his bedchamber. 
Once inside his nocturnal sanctum, he hissed a serpent mantra, and a pile of flesh tumbled from the Darkprism to the floor, writhing like a mating ball, legs and arms protruding from the living heap at strange angles. The chains and shackles dangling limply along the southwest wall automatically shot out with the celerity of amphetamine-saturated cobras. They straightened in mid-air and quickly cuffed and fettered the captives, roughly disentangling the mass of bodies while simultaneously dragging them across the floor. 
The Oneirophage bound his victims to the Amputator, then lurched to the wheel of the limbing machine. While dismembering his victims, he assessed his injuries. He was halfway decapitated, his head bobbing on slashed tendons and ligaments as though he were floating underwater. His face had four deep gashes, slanting diagonally from his left temple to his right mandible. One of his forked tongues was flickering through a hole in his cheek. The right side of his head had been partially chewed off. He had too many burns and broken bones to count, and he was losing blood at a violent velocity. 
The Amputator finished its work, and the Oneirophage flung his limbless prey onto his bed. Twirling the Umbilicus in his long-nailed hands, he rearranged the sorcerous apparatus into a ten-tipped straw, nine to be inserted into his victims and one to be suckled like a teat by his torn mouth. The nine bottom tips of the straws were plunged simultaneously into the nine chests of the demon amputees, driving directly between their ribs and into their hearts. The Oneirophage immediately began to suck, imbibing the blood of all nine at once, swallowing greedily like a hedonist swallows wine, to replenish the copious amounts of plasma that had been lost. 
The heartbeats of the doomed ennead quickened with terror and pain, causing their collective vitality to pump more rapidly through the Umbilicus, aiding the Oneirophage's voracious consumption. Excruciatingly impaled through the hearts, their chests became empurpled with internal hemorrhaging. Strings of tiny air bubbles surged through the Umbilicus. Its tips puckered the perimeters of skin at the insertion points, raising large, circular, pinkish welts upon the breasts of those it skewered. As their lifeblood was being drained directly from their hearts, their veins and arteries excruciatingly dried out and shriveled up. Heartbeats began to slow, running out of blood to pump, atria and ventricles grinding painfully against one another like crepitating bones, the periods between systole and diastole growing exponentially longer with each pulsation. Heart attacks went off like bombs, one after another, a chain reaction, exploding in the pain-swollen teats of the females and further splintering the cracked ribs of the males. Their force caused the Umbilicus to become slightly dislodged, and spinning jets of blood spattered the walls and ceilings with spiral galaxies of red dwarfs.
All the while, the Oneirophage began to heal, drinking blood like a vampire and gradually mixing in dreams as he grew stronger. A kaleidoscope of images were already flashing through his brain, and he relaxed as his oneiromantic drugs assuaged his suffering. He looked on with drugged fascination while his ninefold prey suffered their successive heart attacks. In his ensorcelled mind the hearts exploded in slow-motion. They looked and sounded like roses blossoming, and the spraying blood was as beautiful as summer rain. 
The Oneirophage closed his spinning eyes and dreamed of hydras sprouting new heads every time they were decapitated. He dreamed of the hymens of a ravished succubus regrowing in her thirteen vaginas. He dreamed of lizard demons losing their tails in battle, and growing them back, then being castrated by their lovers, and growing their genitals back. He dreamed of phoenixes eating entire gardens full of drugs, overdosing to the point of neurological annihilation, then regenerating new brain cells and nervous systems. He dreamed of the Plaguepossessor, coming to eat his diseases and suffering. He relived his every crucible in the living, interdimensional gauntlets of the Reincarnatron and the Reincarnatrix, the churning, grinding torture-mazes which were the apotheosis of the samsaric cycle, the labyrinthine paths of rebirth that he had traversed a billion times. He dreamed of becoming the Jh'a'vyraa and freeing his soul from the endless circle of life, death, and rebirth. Then, finally, the Oneirophage slept. 
*
The Oneirophage awoke at midnight, the deep wounds in his flesh still burning and dripping pus. Many had adhered to the sheets and blankets of his bed while he slumbered. The corpses of the night's nine victims were strewn all around him, the Umbilicus still stuck in their shriveled hearts like the nine-way catheter of a voluntary sacrifice, an autobloodletter, a hemagogue addict, or a hematophiliac onanist. Bloodless husks, pale and limbed, they looked like gargantuan grubs with death's heads. Still weak, the Oneirophage withdrew the Umbilicus from their lifeless chests, rearranged it, and drank the cold dreams from their curdled brains. He drifted once more into slumber, still suckling upon the mouthpiece held loosely between his lips, its nine tips now driven through an eyeball, a nose, a mouth, an ear, a suture, a fontanel, a penis, a vagina, and a rectum. 
The Oneirophage dreamed of orchards whose trees bore living heads on their branches. He dreamed of cannibals binging and purging on demon flesh, eating hundreds of bodies at one single feast, vomiting after each one was consumed and then eating another, and then lapping up the vomit when the feast was gone. At one point, the Oneirophage dreamt he was one of the gluttonous cannibals; at another, he dreamt it was his own flesh being torn away, chewed, swallowed, regurgitated, and drunk again. He dreamed in succession that he was devouring males, females, children, fetuses, and embryos, and then drinking sperm from their hollowed out skulls. He then dreamt this same dream in reverse order, first imbibing the sperm from severed heads, and then eating embryos, fetuses, children, females, and males. 
An hour later, the Oneirophage woke once more. He had stopped bleeding, but he was still scorched and ripped. He had not only lost a lot of blood, but a lot of flesh, as well. The Oneirophage spun the Umbilicus in his fingers until it became as a singular straw again, this time with two wide ends like those of a vacuum. He attached one of the tips to a carcass beside him and the other to a long gash on his chest. The deep cut wrapped itself around the Umbilicus like a pair of lips, and then the wound itself began to suckle, moving and controlling the laceration just like a mouth. The Umbilicus trembled and vibrated, vacuuming up the skin, flesh, muscle, and organs from the bones of the cadaver and redepositing it upon and inside the Oneirophage. For an hour, the Dreaming Predator used this gruesome technique to repair his injuries, his every wound a suctorial organ. The surgical Umbilicus performed skin grafts and flesh transplants, reducing the mass grave of demon amputees to a golgotha of pelvises, ribs, spines, skulls, fangs, claws, and horns, their bones sucked as clean as if they had been devoured by starving cannibals who hadn't eaten in centuries.
Exhausted, the Oneirophage closed his eyes and slept once more. He dreamed of eating Satan's penis, its barbs tearing holes in his cheeks and catching on his three forked tongues. Satan’s blood and sperm were like lava in his mouth and throat, and his crimson flesh tasted like raw meat panaceas and flaming hot ambrosia. Satan watched the Oneirophage's sadomasochistic communion fantasy in Hell, spying upon the ophidian demon's dreams, laughing in his brimstone lungs and then exhaling clouds of black smoke. 
"Serpentling",  spake Satan, with a voice like a supernova, "Sweet slitherer, you are my slave. Soon, you will be mine in Hell, and I shall cut you apart and make a penis of your lower half, you who would devour mine..." 
The Oneirophage lifted his face from Satan's crotch, a deep crimson staining his lips and face in a circle around his mouth. Blood dribbled and dripped through his prism-plaited beard. Rearing back like a cobra, the Oneirophage gazed upon the half-eaten phallus of his Satanic master. The left side had been chewed to the groin, and the entire tip was gone. Where crimson skin pulled back from scarlet pulp, blood and sperm dripped unevenly, like froth from the broken jaw of a rabid wolf. Satan laughed again as the Oneirophage pulled farther back into the shadows, the smell of brimstone and the echoes of madness following him long after Satan himself was out of sight. Finally retreating all the way back to his bedchambers, the Oneirophage fell into the healing sleep of a shaman. Satan's presence remained in the room with him for the rest of the night, hovering over his body and watching him dream like a voyeuristic incubus.
*
The Oneirophage awoke again before dawn. Raising himself from his gore-stained blankets, he glanced around his bedchamber and found that he had completely skeletonized his prey. Skulls and bones bore straw-marks similar to the teeth marks left on meatless bones by ravenous carnivores. Even their organs had been devoured. He would have to take his breakfast from the Flesh Reservoir, a small slaughterhouse within the prism palace where he kept a supply of extra victims for emergencies.
Despite the closure of his wounds and the renewal of his vitality, he found many of his tattoos to be tattered, the old skin hanging from his new flesh like cobwebs, or sometimes in entire sheets of disconnected epidermis. Following his visit to the Flesh Reservoir, he would have to visit the Alcoves of Exuviation and the Tattoo Laboratory.
Grabbing his Darkprism, the Oneirophage traveled through a bloodstained labyrinth of carved prism. Every color of the spectrum flashed through the air, but many now had a reddish tinge to them, for the half-clotted blood left upon the floor the previous night was like a trail of gelid rubies, little jewels reaching with red shafts of light into the shimmering air. 
The Oneirophage made his way to the Flesh Reservoir on the top story, an elongated, rectangular chamber where thick rows of meathooks hung on adamantium chains. Five of the meathooks held demons, each impaled through a different body part. The Oneirophage slithered into the abattoir. A bald ogre, dangling upside-down from a gaping wound in the middle of his back, became the Oneirophage's first victim. The Oneirophage's jaws unhinged like a boa constrictor's, his mouth opening to a grotesquely large size, completely enwombing the head of his victim. He swallowed the ogre whole, leaving only a rustling chain and a dripping meathook behind. 
He glided to the next victim, an azure and black succubus hung by the vagina, and devoured her piece by piece, in seven massive bites. His stomach felt warm with the fresh meat and blood, alive with a pleasurable nausea as it rapidly digested whole carcasses in minutes, completely absorbing their every cell. Digestive fluids being the basis from which venom had evolved in serpents, their efficacy was often reflective of the toxicity of their owner's poisons, and those of the Oneirophage were akin to corrosive acid. 
The dreams of his victims were coursing pleasantly through his head as he finished his breakfast, consuming another succubus, this one tiger-striped and suspended in mid-air by the gold rings in her twenty nipples. He swallowed a wailing infant impaled through the fontanel and, lastly, ripped the genitals from a purple incubus dangling by its cervix and devoured them, then drank the blood that came pouring forth. Now fully nourished, the Oneirophage left the rest of the still-living, freshly-castrated demon to be eaten at a later time. 
The Oneirophage prepared to shed his skin. He exited the Flesh Reservoir and made his way down the hall to the Alcoves of Exuviation. He gathered a handful of diamond nails from a secret compartment next to the door, then slithered into an octagonal chamber adorned with seven upside-down crucifixes. Each cross had been carved from a single jewel and represented a different color of the spectrum. An eighth inverted crucifix, one of obsidian, hung upon the door. The room consisted of a large platform whose edges ended a couple of feet from the walls, with another room visible below. A catwalk extended from the door to the platform. The Oneirophage slid across this catwalk to the upside-down emerald cross in the alcove directly ahead of him. The crucifix had four emerald chains as well, one from every end, bolted to the floor, the ceiling, and the stained glass walls slanting from the back of the alcove. The stained glass was alive with artwork, depicting the violent and sexual acts of several species of demons. Taking the lengths of green chain in his hands, the Oneirophage lowered the emerald crucifix onto the octagonal platform and placed it horizontally upon the floor, then lay upon it in a supine position.
He placed the diamond nails inside the Umbilicus, point-first, one after the other. He assumed a cruciform posture, shoulders, arms, hands, and fingers stretched out upon the crosspiece. The opposite end of the Umbilicus divided into three parts and snaked across his body, until two of its circular tips pushed firmly against his flattened palms and the third pressed into the bottom of his tail. The Oneirophage blew into the Umbilicus, and an instant later his left hand had been impaled by one of the diamond nails. He exhaled again and his right hand was likewise skewered, and then a third time, driving the final nail through the tip of his tail. The Umbilicus then withdrew itself from his mouth, and the Oneirophage spoke a susurrating mantra. The emerald crucifix lurched and raised back off the ground, to hang upside-down from the ceiling while the other three chains secured it to the floor and the stained glass walls. The viridescent cross swung into midair, then held fast. 
Crucified on an upside-down cross, streams of blood descending from his tail to his torso, the Oneirophage began to wriggle his serpentine body. The small ridges and facets of the crucifix caught against the grooves of his scales, and by catching his flesh against them he was able to shed the snakeskin of his lower half, writhing until it had completely detached from the flesh beneath. The demonskin of his upper half followed, as the pull of the snakeskin nailed to the end of the crucifix above began to shake loose. 
The Oneirophage slithered in place on the cross, now beginning to slide down its length, his face, shoulders, and chest disappearing behind the ledge of the platform as they penetrated the chamber below. With continuous thrusts his head drew closer to the ground, the skin above him hanging in thin sheets, like the multicolored parchment of a necronomicon written on serpent vellum. His palms dragged themselves through the diamond nails in their centers, ripping the flesh with rivulets of blood that formed helices around his outstretched arms. He slipped downward several inches at a time now, tugging at the skin of his face and then pulling it off with one complete tear. The tip of his tail disappeared from the octagonal chamber, snaking down the final length of the cross. As though emerging from a womb or a caul, the Oneirophage left his skin behind him like hanging afterbirth, and gracefully slithered, upside-down, into the Gallery of Snakeskins below. 
The Oneirophage pulled his shed skin from the upside-down cross. The removal triggered a shift in the upper alcoves, each moving to the left so that the topaz crucifix now occupied the wall he had just descended from. Holding his warm, dripping peelings in both hands, the Oneirophage glanced around the Gallery of Snakeskins. It was a mazelike basilica, a convolution of hallways, vestibules, foyers, rotundas, and antechambers, wherein all the snakeskins the Oneirophage had ever shed were displayed like paintings. Several eons' worth of decortication were exhibited in this labyrinth, a visual akashic record chronicling the Dreaming Predator's entire existence. The Oneirophage hung his new, fresh, dripping piece of artwork upon one of the walls, then slithered from the Gallery of Snakeskins to the Tattoo Laboratory across the hall, to repaint arabesque grimoire which was his flesh.
The Tattoo Laboratory, like the Flesh Reservoir, housed a small number of living demons to be utilized when necessary. Four victims, chained to walls, floor, ceiling, tables, and each other, were hooked up to vast syringes by gargantuan hypodermic needles. These needles, in turn, were interlinked with other strawlike devices to form one continuous network throughout the chamber, designed to draw forth pigments, toxins and inner liquids simultaneously. The lengthy and humongous needles were inserted at various points upon each victim's body, to siphon specifically colored bodily fluids. Needles were driven into hearts, jugular veins, carotid arteries, aortas, wounds, and menstruating vaginas for red blood. They vertically penetrated the urethras of penises for white sperm and the nipple-holes of breasts for white milk. Vertebrae were pierced for white spinal fluids; bones and skeletons for brown and yellow marrow; livers and stomachs for green bile. Heads were impaled through eyes, ears, nose, mouth, and various parts of the skull, tapping the brains inside for the rainbow colors of dreams. Hollow dragon dildos were inserted in vaginas, swelling with amnion, afterbirth, and the drippings of venereal diseases. The Tattoo Laboratory was a menagerie of torture. 
The Oneirophage stood between two rows of syringes in the nexus of the Tattoo Laboratory, ceremonial mask in hand. A diabolical, dark green sculpture configured to create artwork with the expulsions of the gore it absorbed, the mask consisted of a long, hollow, drilling needle in the form of a lizard’s tail, topped by a five-headed serpent in the form of a pentagram. The fanged mouths of the serpent formed the points of the upside-down star and jutted beyond their shared circle of coils. The snakeheads, in turn, surrounded the pentahedral head of a dragon, which wore them like a crown. The dragon’s snout extended forward into a mouthpiece, with hooked teeth and a hollow, tubular, forked tongue between its adjustable jaws. Two large syringes of pale, transparent jade formed lungs on either side, pulsating like gills, air bladders, and air sacs. Green tendrils protruded and dangled in all directions from its bottom, forming needle-tipped tentacles capable of being joined with the various tubes throughout the room, interlinked with the Umbilicus, or used individually. When attached to his face, the contraption was an exact replica of the monstrous chthonic parasite which had inspired its creation, and whose power it invoked whenever it was adorned by the initiated.
The Oneirophage wore the ceremonial mask as a breathing device, a sacred effigy composed of verdigrised iron, green crystal, and jade that unleashed the powers of the chthonic, the serpentine, and the Satanic simultaneously. The five snakes which formed the points of the pentacle were equipped with barbed forked tongues that hooked into the skin of his face. Two embedded themselves in his scalp, two more bit down around each ear slit, and one clenched its maxillae and mandibles together in the soft flesh underneath his mouth, between chin and throat. From their five-sided nexus protruded the mouthpiece, the crocodilian dragon head which opened on jawlike hinges to engulf his nose and mouth like a respirator, hooked fangs digging into his orbital bones, cheeks, jaws, and chin to hold the device in place. Its hollow forked tongue reached halfway down his throat once the mask was adorned, in a manner like tantric ophidian fellatio, its twin bifurcations respectively inserting themselves into both his esophagus and trachea. 
Gazing through the two pyramid-shaped holes formed by the straight coils of the twin serpents biting his upper forehead and hairline, the Oneirophage breathed through the dragonhead, and the lung-syringes bubbled around him. Long dripping needles glistened from the ends of the green tentacles as they were inserted into a hundred-tipped labyrinthine incarnation of the Umbilicus and the various tubes, straws, syringes, and victims throughout the Tattoo Laboratory.  The gigantic hypodermic needle in the form of a long, slightly curled lizard tail began to vibrate and drip colors. Rhythmically breathing in and out through the device, the Oneirophage repainted his body, inhaling gore and exhaling tattoos. 
The Tattoo Laboratory gurgled and churned as the organic warpaint was ritually extracted, and the screams of the tormented were thick in the air as the Oneirophage imbibed their bodily fluids. The myriad syringes bulged and roiled, and it was as though the Oneirophage meditated in the middle of an apothecary's pleasure chamber. All the vital fluids of life and death had been mixed into warpaint, in infinite combinations to create the right tinctures and shading. With dark voodoo instruments, lungs like Siamese twin creatrixes, and three dexterous forked tongues, the Oneirophage orally tattooed his body for the hunt, inhaling mutilation and exhaling artwork. Black horned skulls were drawn upon each of his shoulders, containing the powers of a two-headed demon he had slain in a bygone age. Spiderwebbing stretched all the way down his left arm and onto his left hand, with various prey struggling in its deadly mesh. His right arm bore a red incubus and three succubi making love, the demonesses wrapped around their lover's thighs, torso and throat just like the tattoo itself wrapped around the Oneirophage's wrist, forearm, and bicep. Crimson, beating hearts surrounded his eye sockets. His bottom penis was tattooed like a serpent, with diamondback patterns of dark emerald and ruby and obsidian, and ending with the head of a black mamba with a forked tongue drawn in crimson beneath the tip, as though it were flicking in and out of the urethra. His upper penis was entirely covered by a tattoo of Satan, which frequently shifted like a sentient creature. Sometimes the underside of the Oneirophage's phallus bore the face; sometimes the top. No matter its position, the tattoo of Satan was eternally looking on with glowing eyes and glinting fangs, horns wrapped around the glans and wisps of smoke adorning the small urethral opening, muscular arms diagonally crossed, claws slanting above his shoulders, his barbed phallus leaking fire and lava below. The serpentine lower half of the Oneirophage's body was covered in runes and mandalas of all shades of color, just like the scales and snakeskin they adorned. Satan's red image overlooking them from above had the effect of roaring flames, making the patterns flicker and flash.
The tattoo that covered his entire chest and back was a psychedelic monstrosity. One single, gruesomely malformed torture device stretched across his entire torso, a hideous machine that did the work of an entire torture chamber at once. It had been christened Torturoth by the Oneirophage, who had dreamed of its ultimate incarnation every night since early childhood. For now just a vividly lifelike tattoo, Torturoth was seamlessly conjoined, a mutant torture device spreading across the Dreaming Predator's torso, abdomen, and back like a disease or a genetic disorder, a labyrinth of suffering. Sentient, the great torture machine performed its own punishments, inquisitions, bondages, sadomasochisms, and executions. Each device was like a body part, dependent upon and connected to all the others like organs and flesh. Torture racks flowed into iron maidens, which streamed into garrotes, which cascaded into gallows. Masticators with great dripping jaws gave birth to guillotines, which grew into torture wheels, which copulated with crucifixes. Flesh ovens bubbled like tumors, whips and chains stretched like scars, impaling devices erected like phalluses, constricting devices irised like vaginas. All were adorned with writhing, screaming victims, the tattoos of demons and beasts he had conquered and slain over the millennia, their blood running along the entire twisted mechanism, each torture bleeding into the ones surrounding it, each victim bleeding into one another. Everything was joined like flesh, like skin, muscle, and bone, like umbilical cords. Like one hundred congenitally joined twins, like a tantric orgy, like a living labyrinth, the grotesquely intricate torture device was one amalgamated entity. The mutant horde of mechanical dominatrixes, sadomasochistic implements, and helpless victims were all at one with each other, a communal society, a communal paradise of pain, a communal utopia of torture chambers.
Once finished, the Oneirophage twisted the Umbilicus back into a single straw and returned to his bedchambers. There was still an hour before dawn, and the Oneirophage had one more task to perform before metamorphosing into Morpheus Rex. He held the Darkprism aloft again, but this time reached into it himself with his right hand, digging around inside it for a few seconds before withdrawing the winged spider. He held it by one large hairy leg, its other legs kicking against his arm. With one quick motion the Oneirophage flung the giant wounded spider across the room. It bounced across the floor, its broken wings beating uselessly, before being grabbed by the sentient chains crawling from the walls. The exact shape of the Prismhammer was still retained by the gaping wound in its back, a cylindrical cistern full of blood both old and new. The chains dragged it belly first to the Amputator, where it was splayed and prostrated upon the surgical table. 
The Oneirophage turned the wheel of the Amputator, and the chains bore the winged spider inexorably into the device's sadistic maw. The Oneirophage watched through the transparent crystal as four guillotine blades simultaneously fell, each severing two of the spider's legs. The hairy appendages thudded to the ground, twitching and writhing. 
The Oneirophage turned the wheel backwards to bring the spider's wings into position, pulled an iron lever to tilt the surgical table vertically, and then the guillotines swung again and the severed wings flapped along the floor like manta rays in an oven. 
Receiving the spider as its wounds were being cauterized, the Oneirophage carried it by the head to his bed. He tossed it onto the blankets like a war discus, then plunged the Umbilicus through its head and drank its dreams. For a brief while, the Oneirophage floated peacefully, dreaming of a spider succubus that stalked him, both sexually and predatorily. The dream quickly turned to nightmare, one from which he could not escape. When he awoke, he found that he remembered very little of the spider dreams. 
The limbless spider had died while the Oneirophage slept. The Oneirophage rearranged the Umbilicus into a tattooing instrument again and used the spider's flesh to tattoo his left hand and fingers completely black. He then used its unspun webbing to add white eyes and, lastly, used the blood from the gory basin in its back to paint a red hourglass upon his palm. An instant later, the Oneirophage's entire left hand had been transformed into the likeness of a black widow. 
The first rays of dawn began to filter through the skylights. Phantasmagorika had reappeared somewhere in the southern hemisphere of Grystiawa. Through his eastern window, the Oneirophage watched the tiny orb of Tyterviax rise like a single droplet of blood welling from a puncture wound on the tip of a phallus. Preparing for the hunt, the Oneirophage shuddered as his reinvigorated tattoos conducted the power of Satan through his flesh, his blood, and his soul, electrifying him with the dark energies of evil and the red-hot enlightenments of Hell. The Oneirophage could feel Satan watching him as he made his diurnal metamorphosis, even as Morpheus Rex was now watching the vermilion sunrise, the crimson badlands beneath it, and all that the blood-red sun portended. 

5

Bearing the vermilion traceries of war upon his flesh, the Necrodelic stepped into his meditation chamber. Black ribs jutted through the flesh in his side, dripping blood from their jagged tips like feasting nightworms that drooled as they satiated their carnivorous appetites. The crepitus of his broken ribs was loud inside the still sanctum, and sounded as through someone was skinning a basilisk with a rusty saw. Chariah walked across the room to the opposite wall, and from his movements and invincible aura, it would have been impossible to detect that he had suffered even the slightest of injuries. 
He grasped a bone lever on the wall near the Bloodbong and slowly pulled it down. Immediately, the interplanal portal beneath the giant pipe opened and unleashed the fires of Hell into the dark sanctuary, illuminating the labyrinths of rune-carved tubes and chambers, and the rivers and oceans of blood inside them. Chariah took hold of another skeletal lever in the wall and pulled again. This time, the portal in the ceiling above the Bloodbong's heart-chamber opened, and a large mass of demons tumbled into the scalding blood below. After a few moments, Chariah raised the lever, and the portal closed. A succubus who had only slid halfway through the irising gate when Chariah closed it was cut in half, her thrashing legs and dilated vagina plummeting to join the rest of the victims, her upper half left to die in the dungeon above. 
The Necrodelic seated himself in the black lotus position and began to meditate. The Bloodbong's mouthpiece snaked its way to his lips, curving and rising through the air until it was between its master's black fangs. Chariah inhaled for five minutes straight, using the concentration and breathing techniques he had acquired over centuries of practice, just like deathmonks and other various mystics did. The others, though, breathed air. The Necrodelic breathed flesh and blood. The Necrodelic breathed death.
Mesmerized, Chariah watched the bodies dissolve into a gory soup of organs. A virgin screamed as she died. The echo of her voice traveled through the pipe and into Chariah's mouth as he inhaled. As the Necrodelic breathed in, the black ribs jutting from his side withdrew into his body like sentient creatures retreating into their burrows or dens. The flesh they had torn through began to visibly heal itself, and a moment later, it was as though he had never been scratched.
He inhaled again, gazing inside the Bloodbong as faces floated off of skulls, as heads floated from bodies, as brains floated out of mouths left hideously agape from a simultaneous combination of terrified screaming and instant rigor mortis. As he breathed in, one man's limbs were ripped from his torso, leaving him writhing like a dying merman in the hot crimson. The severed legs of the divided woman were twisted apart at the vagina and floated to the surface of the boiling blood, where they lurked like excorticated crocodiles until all the flesh had been smoked from them and their bones drifted back down into the crimson morass. A loose hand floated past, and behind it a winged spider drifted forth and pressed against the glass. Chariah inhaled more forcefully, and the winged spider exploded into black splinters, leaving behind a million tiny bubbles which the Necrodelic pondered one at a time while he savored the taste of smoked spiderflesh. Spiderwebs continued to float through the Bloodbong for hours, long after even the last bones had become sodden dust. They were all that remained of the dead arachnid. Of the slain demons, there were no remnants whatsoever. 
Chariah's soul slowly fell away from his body as he entered into a deep state of necrodelia, floating downward, downward into a tomb, the tomb of the astral plane, where Mother Chaos greeted him.
"...the first steps on the stairway to salvation have been taken...you make me proud, my devotee..." 
Chariah floated in a vibrating mirror of space, just above Mother Chaos. His astral erection pulsed and glowed. Mother Chaos whispered enlightenments beneath him. 
"...Satan watches, even now...his fury breeds flies and black holes...wormholes to Hell and rocketing maggots in the corpse of space...we must be strong...take me now...we will fight Satan with sex..." 
Mother Chaos' astral vagina constricted around Chariah's engorged member. Mother Chaos kissed him with spectral lips and then her vagina turned into a mouth, her mouth to a vagina. Chariah's tongue became a penis; his penis, a tongue. They writhed together for an eternal instant, and then the Dark Orgasm came to both of them, black hole supernovas nullifying their minds for an infinite moment, embracing them with nirvana and bringing the stench of vibrating death and twisted immortality.
The power of their Dark Orgasm inadvertently drew Satan forth. The malevolent father of the universe tantalized them with doom.
"Sweet meat, you are dying even now...to limbo with thee, to black judgment days in the inferno...Even now I feel the vibrations of your ghosts-to-be...You are no Jh'a'vyraa, neither one of you…”
Chariah and Mother Chaos fell deeper into the Dark Orgasm, driving Satan away with their black ecstasy. Satan drifted back to his fire-wombs and charred caverns in Hell. The touch of nirvana was as poison to him. 
The Necrodelic could hear his mistress calling to him through the juxtaposed mouth in her crotch. "...return now, malefic one...to the planet of the dream-eater...go forth, my dark champion...and show the Oneirophage why you shall be the Messiah of Death..." 
With that, the rapture of the Dark Orgasm faded, and the astral bodies of Chariah and Mother Chaos, with genitals and oral organs reversed, began to regrow around the reversed body parts, faces growing around the juxtaposed mouth and tongue, legs sprouting from juxtaposed genitals. Chariah felt like he was being turned inside-out on a crucifix.
Chariah rose through the astral plane to his bestial spaceship. As he prepared for battle, Mother Chaos massaged the vestiges of his astral body which had remained in her plane to comfort her, black wisps like the ephemeral mists of Erebus. Satan in Hell laughed to himself as he masturbated to Mother Chaos' small solace.
The flames of Hell had died down to lambent embers in the interplanal portal. The blood in the Bloodbong moved sluggishly now, tepid, gelid, and clotted. Chariah reached and pulled the mouthpiece from between his charred lips with one clawed hand, then rose from the black lotus position and silently exited the meditation chamber.
Chariah flowed like shadows through the living labyrinth of the Omnibeast's innards. He entered the nexus of the spaceship, attached himself to a dozen umbilical cords, and began to search Grystiawa for the Oneirophage's lair. The Necrodelic found no trace of either the dream-eater or his ensorcelled palace, and it would be several hours later when he finally glimpsed Morpheus Rex. Upon a dawn-lit mountain range, with the rising sun swelling like a sore behind their pyramidal silhouettes and then bursting like a blister pricked upon their crimson peaks, spraying blood-red morning across the planet, he spied the Dreaming Predator.
The Omnibeast spun in mid-air so that the Overdragon faced north, pointed in the direction of Morpheus Rex's glittering figure. With a telepathic command through the umbilical cords attached to his skull, Chariah flew his bestial spaceship towards Morpheus Rex, weaving between sharp peaks and narrow passes as he descended into the mountain range. As the Dreaming Predator looked up from his fallen prey, the Overdragon opened its jaws and unleashed a fireball.
Morpheus Rex gazed upon the looming monstrosity with kaleidoscoping eyes. His left hand held up the slumping form of a paralyzed demon with the marks of a snakebite upon his throat, while his right hand held aloft the Prismsword. As the gargantuan spaceship sped towards him, Morpheus Rex could make out the form of the draconian figurehead breathing fire in his direction. Swinging the Prismsword in an arc, Morpheus Rex created a forcefield of flashing colors that deflected the fireball into a nearby mountain. Three more fireballs followed, each reflected and refracted away by the protective spectrum cast by the Prismsword. The final one ricocheted into the spaceship itself, scorching the black flesh beneath the Overdragon's head. The Omnibeast soared past Morpheus Rex with the effect of a sonic boom, echoing throughout the valleys and the mountain ranges and triggering several avalanches. The narrow pass upon which Morpheus Rex stood trembled as he held the five points of the Darkprism toward his paralyzed prey and absorbed the stiff body with a black spiral flash. 
Thunderous reverberations vibrated through his serpent's glands as the bestial monstrosity pivoted in mid-air, changed direction, and approached again. This time a mammoth mantis figurehead served as the spaceship's front, ramming the opposite side of the mountain with its genetically and sorcerously hardened head. The entire mountaintop instantaneously turned into rubble. Pebbles, rocks, and boulders sprayed through the air, then rolled or plummeted to the valleys below. 
Morpheus Rex sensed the incoming blow with his serpent's glands and leapt from the mountainside mere moments before impact. Holding his Prismsword and Spectrumhammer aloft in his outstretched arms, the Dreaming Predator hurtled through the thin air, an explosion of rocks, dust, and debris following right behind him. Avalanches erupted as the spaceship crashed through the mountaintop. Morpheus Rex looked back to see the giant, bleeding head of War Mantis breaking through the concentric circles of destruction, ringed by small asteroid belts  that had been a mighty mountain just seconds ago.
Morpheus Rex landed catlike upon the ground fifty thousand feet below. He watched the skies as he began to wind his way through the caverns and valleys at the base of the mountain range. The gargantuan ship was too large to fly any distance into the mountains without destroying them on its way down, but given the Necrodelic's passion for destruction, Morpheus Rex had to be cautious of that possibility. 
The Omnibeast made a few more passes over the mountains, casting fireballs as it flew and setting entire mountainsides aflame. After a few minutes, eight giant spider legs unfolded from its underbelly and it landed upon one of the mountaintops. Morpheus Rex wondered to himself why the Necrodelic didn't just destroy the entire mountain range in an attempt to murder him, then realized with a chill that it was because the Death Addict wanted to smoke him alive.
Hissing, the Dreaming Predator began to stalk the Omnibeast, creeping upwards toward his mammoth prey, winding his way along a spiraling mountain path into the skies. He slithered up sheer cliff faces, skulked through caverns, and prowled silently across catwalks, all the while watching his enemy above and the nearly-tangible shadows it cast across the mountains, his glands probing the air for movement, listening for attacks, heat, and premonitions. His prismatic glitterings served now as a type of camouflage, as he used them to blend in with his surroundings while he hunted. 
Halfway between the jagged ground and the Omnibeast's perch, Morpheus Rex hid in the shadows of a small cavern and unslung the Rainbowspear from his back. Hefting it in his right hand, he used all of his ophidian senses to aim the projectile, then launched it in a spectral arc toward the seemingly torpid Omnibeast. At the exact same instant, a black tentacle burst from the bowels of the cave behind him and wrapped itself around his chest, squeezing him like an anaconda. The smell of the dark tendril, its temperature, and its vibrations were unmistakable. The tentacle belonged to the Necrodelic's bestial spaceship. It had been sent by the Omnibeast into the mountain range to seek him out and incapacitate him. As the Rainbowspear struck the ship's underbelly high above with a wet thud, the tentacle quivered sympathetically. Morpheus Rex used its momentary undulation to loosen its grip upon him, then hacked at it with his Prismsword. Bits of black flesh fell writhing to the ground, sometimes wriggling off the side of the mountain like suicidal nightworms. Morpheus Rex spun himself around in the tentacle's grip, then severed its tip by pinning the length of the tendril to the wall of the cavern with the Spectrumhammer and then chopping through it with the Prismsword. The mutilated tentacle screamed through the red mouth of its wound and retreated back into the caverns, up through the mountain to the spaceship, leaving a trail of blood behind. 
Morpheus Rex unwound the amputated tentacle from his waist and threw it from the mountainside. Little black pieces of flesh were still milling around his ankles, and beginning to attach themselves to his skin like burnt leeches. One by one, he flicked them over the edge of the mountain with the tip of the Prismsword. The Rainbowspear was still buried in the sentient hull of the intergalactic leviathan above, its path a perfect rainbow from the center of his palm. Gripping the spectral tip, Morpheus Rex pulled upon the Rainbowspear to bring it back to his hand, as he had so many times before. This time, however, the Rainbowspear bore a passenger.
The Necrodelic perched like a raven upon the thin shaft of the Rainbowspear, with the demonic balance of a feline incubus. No muscle moved upon his body as he rode the projectile down its arching path, his hands raised in a fighting stance, his fingers spreadeagled, his dark claws whistling as they dismembered the air, his biceps tensed as they prepared to deliver a deathblow. Just before the Rainbowspear returned to the hand of its master, Chariah pounced, soaring through the air like the shadow of a horde of bats, tenebrous, silent, fluid, and ominous. He struck like a horde of bats as well, from everywhere at once. 
As he soared past, he grabbed Morpheus Rex by the hair with one hand and impaled him with the other. Morpheus Rex felt as though a portcullis had been dropped onto his chest. The momentum of Chariah's flight carried them both backwards. As they toppled, the Necrodelic drove a hard knee into Morpheus Rex's diaphragm, then rode him to the rocky floor of the cavern. Chariah landed atop Morpheus Rex, driving the air from his lungs with an explosion of blood from mouth and nose alike. The pressure of the Necrodelic's knee prevented any oxygen from returning. His four talons were still driven like spikes through the Dreaming Predator's chest, and were now anchored several inches deep within the mountain stone below. 
Morpheus Rex gurgled, vomiting blood. Chariah drove his knee deeper into his guts, as far as he could, choking off and paralyzing his ruptured diaphragm. More ichor sputtered from Morpheus Rex's rainbow lips as he began to choke upon his own blood. Three of the four claws had impaled him through vital organs. Two had crucified him by the lungs, and the other had spitted him through the heart. 
Chariah crouched over his fallen prey and snarled. Kneeling upon his victim, the Necrodelic twisted his claws, grinding the pain and the death into Morpheus Rex. His hand flexed back and forth, excruciatingly corkscrewing through his vitals, dismembering his lungs and heart, further enlarging the already gaping wounds.
Morpheus Rex knew that he would die moments after the Necrodelic withdrew his claws. He had to muster an attack before that. With prismatic eyes spinning hypnotically, spiral mandalas beckoned Chariah inward, downward. Like a cobra with its prey, Morpheus Rex paralyzed the gaze of the Necrodelic and through that fixed stare paralyzed his body. The demon stiffened as though with rigor mortis, ceasing to twist his claws, blink his eyes, or even think. Morpheus Rex brought forth a toxin to his fangs that would leave the Necrodelic paralyzed even longer, then sunk his venom-drenched incisors into the death smoker's jugular vein and carotid artery. A moderate amount of blood was injected, too, from both the blood he had been regurgitating and the blood which had seeped into his venom because of his internal injuries. Morpheus Rex struck twice more, until the Necrodelic was temporarily as motionless as a statue upon him, his claws like stone within his chest. 
He embedded his fangs within the demon's black throat one final time, pumping him full of a nerve toxin that would leave him in excruciating pain once the paralysis wore off. Morpheus Rex called forth the Umbilicus. Using it as a basic, singular straw, Morpheus Rex plunged the Umbilicus into the Necrodelic's forehead and through his skull, deep into his blackened brain. Coughing up blood, Morpheus Rex imbibed the burnt dreams of the Necrodelic, suckling upon the taste of scorched memories and necromancer's meditations. 
The violation of his mind, however, brought the Necrodelic back to life. He ripped his head free of the umbilical cord-like straw, leaving a jagged crimson gash above his eye. Snarling, the Necrodelic began to chew Morpheus Rex's face off. Then the pain toxins kicked in.
Writhing in agony, the Necrodelic withdrew his fangs from Morpheus Rex's orbital bones. Incapacitated by the extreme torment, Morpheus Rex was able to shove and peel and leverage the Necrodelic from his decimated body, casting him into a corner to twist in his own suffering. Morpheus Rex himself collapsed against a wall of stone, four sucking wounds in his chest opening and drooling blood with every heaving breath. Staggering onto his hands and knees, Morpheus Rex again grasped the Umbilicus and plunged it into the wound in the Necrodelic's skull. The Dreaming Predator drank more dreams from the Necrodelic, ingesting the raw, brutal suffering of his own nerve toxins as they coursed through the death-smoker's system, as well. Immune to his own poisons, he enjoyed feeling their effects upon his prey with a strange empathic masochism, sympathetically experiencing the torture without the suffering, just like Satan himself, the all-seeing voyeur, the omnipotent sadist, reveling in the torment of the universe he had created.
As he imbibed the burnt dreams of the Necrodelic, his wounds began to close and heal, until finally he had the strength to fight once more. The Necrodelic still lay upon the ground as though in the throes of death, spasming with paroxysms of pain. Morpheus Rex raised his Prismsword to finish his wounded prey. He struck a decapitating blow that should have separated the demon's head from his body. Instead, he found the Prismsword between the fangs of the Necrodelic, who had summoned enough strength to lash out like a rabid werewolf and catch the blade in his teeth. Morpheus Rex struggled to free the Prismsword from the Necrodelic's mouth. The edges of its blade carved holes in his mouth and throat, and its multicolored laser beams opened precise cuts all over his face and chest as he thrashed. Still, the Necrodelic would not release his animal grip on the weapon. 
With his left hand free, Morpheus Rex gathered up his Spectrumhammer and began to rain blows upon the Necrodelic's head and ribs. The sound of bones cracking split the air asunder, yet somehow, they seemed to be empowering the Necrodelic. The pain toxins rendered the smashing blows of the Spectrumhammer ineffective; he could not even feel them through the intensity of the agony he already suffered. His crimson eyes glowed and fixed upon the kaleidoscope eyes of the dream-eater. The Necrodelic wielded eye contact like a weapon. Like blood-red gravity wells, they held the eyes of their victim fast in their sockets, then began to sear them with blinding heat, intensifying until Morpheus Rex felt his eyeballs burst into flame and begin to melt down his face, leaving red scars like the paths of boiling teardrops on his cheeks. 
Blinded, black smoke curling up from his eye sockets wherein his eyeballs blazed with Hellfire, Morpheus Rex was easy prey for the slashing blows of the Necrodelic. Two successive strikes flayed his chest open again, and he narrowly avoided a third strike to the throat before using his serpent's glands to dodge the blow and guide him, fleeing, from the cave. 
Morpheus Rex exited the cave, but instead of leaping to the valleys below or seeking distant shelter, he immediately climbed onto a small ridge above its entrance. Here he doused the fires that ravaged his eyes with his three forked tongues and a splash of venom. When his serpent's glands detected the vibrations of the Necrodelic leaving the cavern, he crouched above its entrance, a predator in waiting. His vision was damaged, so he relied on his other senses to locate his prey, and then vomited all the venom in his body forth in one violent paroxysm, to pour upon the Necrodelic below in a cataract of poison and pain. 
The Necrodelic felt the presence of his attacker too late, turning just in time to feel the tsunami of toxins strike his face and douse his entire body in acids. His black skin melted and peeled away, revealing black muscle, black tissues, black organs, and black bones. The neurotoxins seeped into his bloodstream and nervous system, spreading paralysis and agony. A chain reaction of venom went off inside his body, bringing terror, blindness, fever, seizures, hallucinations, and nightmares. Organs failed, vital fluids changed their composition, his entire body chemistry was disrupted and destroyed, leading to an infinite barrage of torture. Morpheus Rex possessed hundreds of types of venom in his serpentine glands, and he had vomited every single one of them upon the Necrodelic in one ultimate assault. 
Chariah stood fast as poison drenched his body in a bath of death, delivering a counterattack within the brief moment that he was still capable. Channeling the powers of pyromancy Chariah again called forth the Hellfire, which would render the day's combat a deadlock. An instant later, Morpheus Rex spontaneously burst into flames, and, having used up nearly all of his bodily fluids in his venomous attack, burned like dry kindling, a living immolation, fires raging through his flesh as though he were alive upon his own funeral pyre. 
The Omnibeast released several of its black tentacles to retrieve its master, bearing him back to the ship blinded, excruciated, paranoid, fevered, convulsing, lost, hallucinating, and nearly comatose, his flesh half-eaten away from the libation of venom. His adversary, Morpheus Rex, had to travel for miles across the desert, his entire body aflame, to the nearest oasis, where he doused his burning flesh. As the crimson sun began to set, Morpheus Rex dragged himself back to Phantasmagorika, burnt beyond recognition, raw red wounds dripping hot pus, pieces of his flesh dripping off and left sizzling and smoldering upon the ground in his charry wake, coughing ashes from his blackened lungs, his eyelids, nostrils, earslits, and twin penises cauterized shut, and smoke rising from every single inch of his scorched body into the twilit, crimson skies.

6

The caliginous tentacles of the Omnibeast carried their unconscious master into his meditation chamber, then gently set him down and guided him into the black lotus position. While one of the tendrils removed the umbilical cord which had been serving as a lifeline and respirator from his mouth and replaced it with the mouthpiece of his pipe, two other tentacles simultaneously pulled down the skeletal levers that released flesh from above and Hell from below, activating the Bloodbong. As the bodies started to fall and the flames began to rise, the myriad tentacles withdrew in a dark mass through the irising doorway, looking for a moment like the blossom of the black lotuses their master emulated, then shrinking away into the inner darknesses of the Omnibeast. 
The Necrodelic's crimson eyes were shut as though he were sleeping, a weakness he had forsaken long ago. Black sweat drenched his body. His flesh looked as if it had been immersed in acid and then dried by coriolis storms. Snakebites covered his shuddering body, and his mouth continually bled from having clenched the razor-sharp Prismsword in his fangs. His head had been split to the black brains in a wound above his left eye. Chariah looked and felt half-devoured, his flesh eaten by corrosive acid, his dreams imbibed through the hole in his skull by the Oneirophage. With venom coursing through his arteries and veins, agony in every nerve, and countless afflictions resulting from the myriad poisons of Morpheus Rex, the Necrodelic smoked death to bring himself back to life. 
The Necrodelic breathed in, and his crimson eyes opened, burning like the bubbling volcanoes in Hell. He breathed in a second time, without exhaling, and every snakebite closed like a sphincter muscle. Chariah inhaled again, and the cuts in his mouth healed themselves while the red tunnel in his forehead grew smaller and smaller until it disappeared. For a full hour, the Necrodelic drew one continuous breath, smoking the flesh off of hundreds of skeletons, gesturing towards the bone lever and telepathically pulling it whenever he had finished one hecatomb and was ready for another. Over the course of the hour, his acid-eaten flesh repaired itself, growing, healing without scars, restoring the Necrodelic's demonic body to the perfect incarnation of evil which it had been.
Only after inhaling for an eternity, after all his physical wounds were healed and his strength restored, did the Necrodelic finally breathe out, and when he finally exhaled, all the snake venom was expelled from his body in one acrid cloud of green smoke. Chariah watched the venomous mist dissipate amongst the roiling black smoke of the chamber as he exhaled for another hour, releasing all the toxins from his body and using his powers of necromancy to build anti-toxins within his glands and bloodstreams to render the Oneirophage's venoms less effective in the future. 
After completing his hour-long exhalation, the revitalized Necrodelic resumed his normal breathing patterns. All the flesh he had smoked had left him in a deep, tranquil trance, reflecting upon the battle that was and pondering the battles yet to come. His crimson eyes closed peacefully, this time of their own accord, and Chariah drifted downward into the astral plane, where Mother Chaos embraced him and kissed his black lips, speaking even as she kissed him, even as her tongue sought out the smoothness of his fangs and its own black counterpart. 
"...you grow stronger every day, my demon lover...your soul darkens as your mind deepens...like death itself you are, my pet...my champion of the apocalypse..." 
Mother Chaos caressed Chariah's long hair with her purple fingernails and pink fingertips as she slid her vagina over his engorged penis. The flaring opening on the tip of Chariah's phallus glowed with a crimson light. Mother Chaos healed the damage to Chariah's soul with her sex, absorbing the wounds of sorcery and the karmas of war, bestowing hitherto unknown powers and enlightenments upon his darkling spirit as they made love. 
Chariah could feel himself melting into Mother Chaos with every movement, further and further with every thrust, twisting until he had turned around and lay within her astral body as though he were floating on his back in a pool of water. He kissed her mouth from the inside out, his penis protruding now from her purple vagina as he made love to her from within. 
"...frustration I sense in you, my love...frustration in your war with the Oneirophage..." 
Mother Chaos' voice came from all around him, from every ripple and wave in the pool of her essence, where he floated like a fetus in a womb, a womb which was the size of the entire mother, which stretched, in fact, through the mother's entire body, a labyrinth womb, a pleasure womb... 
"...a womb for a demon prince... " Mother Chaos whispered, "...my demon prince..." 
Chariah drifted inside Mother Chaos as though she were a cosmos unto herself. Galaxies floated by outside her translucent body as Chariah watched through the windows of her flesh. Infinities later, the two soulmates slowly flowed in and out of each other until their spirits had separated. Just before Chariah ascended to the physical plane, Mother Chaos cradled him to her pink breast, and bade him drink a droplet of purple elixir from her nipple, within which, she whispered, were the battle plans he craved. Chariah swallowed the tiny bead of liquid amethyst, which tasted at once like perfume made from milk and wine made from roses, and then the Necrodelic found himself rising through the astral plane, with the purple droplet inside him the way he had been inside the soul of Mother Chaos, and the hypnotic instructions of Mother Chaos inside the purple droplet the same way; a womb within a womb within a womb.
*
Morpheus Rex awaited the Necrodelic upon a revolving crucifix hundreds of feet tall, his tattooed arms draped over the giant cross as it spun above the abandoned temple of Serpentikal the snake demon. He had completed his hunting in the early morning and been waiting ever since. After another rigorous night of dreams, surgeries, and parasitism within the scintillant Phantasmagorika, he was once again completely healed, and he knew instinctively that the Necrodelic was, as well. He had left his weapons on an altar of sacrifice below, amongst the looming ophidian stone effigies of extinct religions. The only sentient creature in the entire wastelands, his tattoos gleaming in the sunlight as he rode atop the enormous crucifix like a piece of meat being turned on a spit, Morpheus Rex used his own flesh as bait, displaying his brightly colored body on a crucifix in the barren expanses of vermilion badlands to attract his nemesis. 
The dry winds of the desert howled around his head, his prism-plaited hair writhing and twisting around the top of the cross like a sandgorgon's scalpful of rattlesnakes. His three forked tongues flickered in turns from his tilting head as it lolled back and forth, rising and falling with his tattooed chest as he breathed the labored breath of the crucified. The ancient cross revolved from an axis within the temple, allowing Morpheus Rex to spy upon the entire desert for hundreds of miles around. With the black patience of the demonic and the cold patience of the reptilian, the Dreaming Predator waited.
The Necrodelic found Morpheus Rex with ease, just as the Dreaming Predator had intended. The Omnibeast rose from the distant red horizon like the black antithesis of the sun Tyterviax, growing larger and larger as it flew closer and closer, until Morpheus Rex could see the outlines of the Hydratowers arising from its carapace. The crucifix turned, and when it had borne Morpheus Rex around again, the two flanking figureheads of the insectoid War Mantis and the mammalian Scythetooth could be seen jutting from its sides. Another revolution of the cross, and Morpheus Rex could detect the ubiquitous waving tentacles of its underbelly. The spinning crucifix revolved again, and when it finished its next rotation, the Omnibeast was upon him.
The mammoth vessel stopped just short of its target, hovering over the decrepit temple, its heavy shadows quickening the decomposition of the ruins, felling walls and statues and breaking chunks of stone into rubble. The shadow of the Omnibeast fell upon Morpheus Rex as the crucifix once more spun in place. It was as though a heavy blanket composed of antimatter had been draped over him, contouring around him, its gravity palpable and magnetic. The Omnibeast lowered itself from the skies and landed on the roof of the crumbling temple. More pillars and serpent statues toppled and burst into dust as the bestial spaceship nestled in. When next the crucified form of Morpheus Rex faced it, the living figurehead of the Darkworm was mere inches from his face, its black segments glistening around its rings of fangs, its mouth wide open. Morpheus Rex gazed into its seemingly bottomless scarlet gullet, at the end of which he caught glimpses of the spaceship's inner corridors and chambers. Morpheus Rex revolved again while the Darkworm hovered and hissed in mid-air. The crucifix turned, and Morpheus Rex spun back to the Darkworm's abyssal maw, this time finding himself face to face with the Necrodelic, who had emerged from the vermian figurehead's throat, and stood now upon the tip of its black tongue, its rings of fangs surrounding him like a circular iron maiden. 
Morpheus Rex lashed out with his clawed feet even as the Necrodelic leapt from the mouth of the Darkworm. His muscular legs wrapped around the Necrodelic's torso like a boa constrictor, catching him in mid-flight and squeezing him in mid-air as the giant cross revolved. Morpheus Rex flexed his thighs like anacondas, breaking the Necrodelic's ribs and forcing the air from his lungs with a spray of blood. Chariah struggled and twisted in Morpheus Rex's viselike grip, and unleashed the painful eye contacts which were part of his demonic arsenal. Morpheus Rex's eyes began to bleed as though daggers were being repeatedly driven into his eye sockets. Chariah buried the talons of his index fingers in Morpheus Rex's palms, drilling them into the iron crossbar and crucifying Morpheus Rex with his claws. The looming crucifix spun onward, with Morpheus Rex's hands impaled by the Necrodelic's claws and the Necrodelic, in turn, caught in the constricting grip of Morpheus Rex's legs. Chariah could see his opponent readying a cobra strike, which he countered by pressing his face against his, their close quarters preventing the assault. As the crucifix turned the Necrodelic unleashed a barrage of rapid-fire headbutts, smashing the back of Morpheus Rex's head against the cross and fracturing the Dreaming Predator's skull like stained glass. 
Chariah's forehead split open, splattering the temple roofs with crimson. The blood lubricated the flesh between the Necrodelic and the Dreaming Predator, allowing Chariah to slither free from his serpent-thighed grasp. Dangling limply now upon the cross, Morpheus Rex could only watch as the Necrodelic wriggled free of his crushing embrace. 
With one graceful motion, Chariah pulled his claws from Morpheus Rex's palms, leaving behind torn and gaping stigmata which began to rhythmically spurt crimson arches of blood into the air. The Necrodelic leapt onto the crossbar and gathered up Morpheus Rex's prism-dreadlocked hair with one hand. He dragged Morpheus Rex from the crossbar and held him dangling in the air for a few seconds, then hurled him from the spinning crucifix to crash through the stone temple roof hundreds of feet below. He then reached towards the sky with one dark hand and brought it down abruptly in a pyromancer's gesture. The base of the spinning crucifix simultaneously exploded as he dropped his arm, Hellfire weakening the iron and sending the giant cross hurtling down toward the temple ruins. 
Chariah rode the plummeting crucifix as gracefully as a dragonrider, guiding it toward the fallen, broken body of Morpheus Rex below. The full weight of the giant iron cross crashed into Morpheus Rex, splintering one leg, shattering a hip, dislodging vertebrae, and causing the already rapidly spreading pool of blood upon the temple floor to spread even faster. Debris rained down from everywhere while dust clouds rose into the skies. Morpheus Rex was pinned beneath the length of the gigantic crucifix, trying unsuccessfully to slither out from under it. Chariah crouched above him upon the ancient, bloodstained altar of sacrifice where he had silently landed. He caught Morpheus Rex with his crimson eye contact, snarled, and looked off to the west through a gap in the ruined temple. The crimson sun Tyterviax was lowering itself like an embolus. The Necrodelic gazed meaningfully upon it, then back to the prone body of the Dreaming Predator. 
With a gleaming snarl that now contained the hint of a smile, Chariah raised his claws and began slashing himself apart, raking his own claws diagonally across his chest with savage glee, opening gaping wounds in his abdomen and torso. He growled in pain as he lay himself upon the altar of sacrifice and repeatedly dragged his claws over his own body, drenching the table with crimson rivulets that runneled like the blood of baptisms and sacrifices past. The Necrodelic ripped his own flesh to shreds, incapacitating himself.  Like Morpheus Rex had been just an hour before, the Necrodelic was now his own trap, his own bleeding flesh the bait. Lying limp in a dripping pile of self-mutilation, in a semi-conscious state upon the altar, the Necrodelic waited with the black patience of a demon and the hungry patience of a vampire. 
Morpheus Rex eventually dragged his battered body from beneath the crucifix.  He had watched the Necrodelic's ritual self-mutilation, wondering if he had been driven mad by his flesh-smoking addictions and death-smoking rituals, or perhaps by the serpent venom which had saturated his body. Regardless, the Dreaming Predator did not question the methods by which he attained his prey, and raised the Darkprism in his hand to absorb the Necrodelic just like any other victim. A flash of black later, and the Necrodelic was trapped inside the pentagram pendant. The Omnibeast watched all this stoically from above, but made no move to attack or defend its master. Perhaps, thought Morpheus Rex, it had no will of its own once its possessor had been defeated. 
Morpheus Rex limped through the debris and into the evening. He did not notice the pair of black eyes watching him from within the remaining statue of Serpentikal, shifting to follow him as he exited the temple ruins and made his way across the desert. 
The Darkprism swung gently against Morpheus Rex's chest, with the Necrodelic trapped inside, and inside the Necrodelic, the purple droplet containing the coded, hypnotic instructions of Mother Chaos, instructions which had just been carried out to perfection; a trap within a trap within a trap.

7

The Oneirophage slithered through Phantasmagorika on crepitating bones. The broken leg he had suffered when the iron crucifix fell upon him had translated into a half-shattered tail when he made the metamorphosis from the bipedal Morpheus Rex to the serpentine Oneirophage. His twisted tail crackled as it dragged across the floor, his skeleton sounding like a hundred small explosions with every movement. With several dislodged vertebrae, his spine felt and sounded like a saw, digging into the flesh of his back and torso with tiny ridged teeth, carving at his flesh. Serpentine crepitus breaking the night air like glass, the Oneirophage pulled the Darkprism from its obsidian chain around his neck. Inside were Morpheus Rex's diurnal prey, with which he would heal his wounds by eating and drinking their dreams. As always, the Oneirophage's memories of the day were hazy and surreal, just as Morpheus Rex's recollections of his were-serpent alter ego's nocturnal activities were typically vague and incomplete. The concussion he had suffered made his memory even more murky than usual, an indecipherable kaleidoscopic whirlpool churning at the bottom of his brain. 
Hissing a sibilant incantation, the Oneirophage held the Darkprism over his head and bade it release his prisoners. Black beams of light reflected and refracted from the prism walls, floor, and ceiling for an instant. What followed was a virtual shower of mutilation. Instead of whole bodies, the Darkprism rained severed limbs, extracted organs, and coils of entrails. Decapitated heads thudded upon the floor and rolled off in all directions. Hearts, livers, and brains splattered upon the ground with loud wet noises, or were flung into the walls where they stuck with brief sucking sounds. Intestines were left in piles upon the floor like defecation. Limbless, headless, vivisected torsos crashed down from all around. Gruesome barrages of castrated genitals were spewed and spat through the air. And then it began raining blood, the Darkprism spraying several series of ruby droplets around the chamber like an intricate fountain, in mandalic patterns at rhythmic intervals, then in spouts and arches, geysers and jetstreams, then bursting like a stormcloud, drenching the entire room in crimson. 
The blood-soaked Oneirophage cast the Darkprism furiously across the gore-strewn room, where it continued to spurt copious amounts of red ichor. His three forked tongues hissed angrily while his prismatic eyes gazed upon it in mesmerized shock. After a few minutes the bloodflow began to slow, so that the Darkprism now hemorrhaged like an artescerated heart, its ebony surface gleaming with dripping scarlet. 
The Oneirophage's bedchamber was completely covered in gore. Every last inch of the room was crimson. The ceiling dripped blood. Blood runneled down the walls. Blood flooded the floor. His bed was soaked through like a thousand bandages. The Amputator had been painted red. And everywhere around him were body parts and organs. The Darkprism lay like another severed head in the corner, another ripped-out heart, another dismembered genital. Slowly it began to glow black from beneath its coat of blood, creating a dark shade of crimson never before witnessed in the universe. The Darkprism pulsed, the Darkprism spasmed, and with a flash of scarlet-tinged sable, the Necrodelic emerged from its tenebrous depths.
The Oneirophage's sentient chains reacted instinctively, lashing out at blinding speed from their sconces in the wall, to bind and shackle the creature that had just been dispersed from the Darkprism. The Necrodelic was faster, raising his black claws over his shoulders and slicing the chains into small pieces behind him without looking back. Chariah loomed over the black jewel, which now lay beneath him like a discarded womb. The Death Addict appeared just as he had earlier in the day, his body ripped open with hundreds of slashing wounds that glowed like infrared light against his dark skin. Deep diagonal gashes had flayed his chest open from shoulder to hip. He had come dangerously close to eviscerating himself, small pieces of bleeding entrails peeking out from his open abdomen. Cuts spiraled up and down his arms and legs. The array of wounds covering his body looked at times like mandalic artwork, at times like the external circulatory system of Satan. His hair was soaked with blood, his claws maroon with coagulated scabs. Blood dripped into his eyes and down his face from a deep gash in his head. He had slit his own throat and ripped chunks of flesh from his own back. He had mutilated himself for his own sinister purposes, and he stood now before his arch-enemy, snarling, living death in black and red. 
 Memory assaulted the Oneirophage like another concussion. The diurnal battle of Morpheus Rex and the Necrodelic played itself over and over in his mind like a phantasmagoric reverie. The flesh-smoker had wounded himself so that Morpheus Rex would think him defeated and dying. He had been sucked into the Darkprism, and while inside its black hole realms he had murdered and dismembered all of Morpheus Rex's prey. The Necrodelic had stolen his victims like a scavenger, ruining his feast of dreams, and for that, thought the Oneirophage, he would unleash Hell and a billion nightmares upon him. 
Crimson eye contact met kaleidoscope eye contact from across the gore-filled room, holding both of them fast as though two double-pointed spears had been driven through their eyeballs, binding them together. The Oneirophage hissed vengeance and the Necrodelic snarled victory. 
 "You'll not escape me at sunset any longer. At last, I have found your lair, and it is in your own lair that I shall slay thee. Now, we fight to the death, and I'll not leave this planet until you are boiling in my Bloodbong, or sucking the dreams from my corpse with your Umbilicus." 
The Necrodelic loomed, the only darkness in the crimson bedchamber. Blood was another of his natural habitats. Blood was his environment, his territory, his den. Blood was his terrain, to be used to his advantage. Blood was his home. 
Chariah flew across the chamber in one mighty leap, spinning once in mid-air and backslashing the Oneirophage as he landed. The edges of his claws opened four cuts on the Oneirophage's face, staggering him as Chariah splashed down in the foot-deep pool of blood immersing the room. The Necrodelic slid on the wet floor, gliding towards the Oneirophage to deliver a second strike. Chariah pulled his right arm back, and then, like five bolts of black lightning, his claws flashed through the air, hurtling forward to impale the Oneirophage against the wall. The dream-serpent dodged the blow with one sinuous, sigmoid motion, slithering vertically, curving his chest and torso to one side to avoid the claws. The Necrodelic's talons drove into the wall behind him, cutting through the prism as if it were flesh. As he struggled for a moment to pull them out, the Oneirophage rammed his skull with a cobra strike, sinking his fangs into the side of Chariah's face and head and injecting a stream of venom. The blow sent the Necrodelic reeling, pulling him from the wall to slide backwards along the wake of blood he had left behind. The Oneirophage struck again, shoving more toxins into the Necrodelic's jugular vein and carotid artery with his hypodermic fangs. He paused to wait for the poisons to take effect, but the demon only shook his black mane as if to clear his head. 
 "Your venoms no longer hurt me." Chariah spake in a soft susurrus, his crimson eyes glowing. "You'll have to find another way to kill me, slitherer."
The Oneirophage raised his right hand in the air and twirled it in an oneiromantic conjuring gesture. "If I cannot poison your blood," he hissed, his three forked tongues twitching, "then I shall drain it from your flesh." 
The Umbilicus appeared suddenly in his hand like a weapon, twisted like a labyrinth, with tubes jutting out everywhere. The Oneirophage swung it like a whip towards the Necrodelic. The Umbilicus unraveled and mutated in mid-air, instantly binding Chariah in its clutches and driving its tips into every one of his bodily orifices. Coils bound his arms and legs, wound themselves around his torso and throat. Straws jabbed themselves into his eyes, his nostrils, his mouth, his ears, and the tip of his penis, raising red rims upon the flesh around them and leaking blood from beneath their nearly hermetically sealed edges. The Oneirophage held the other end of the straw in his hands. He raised it to his rainbow lips like a calumet, then began to suck the Necrodelic's blood from every one of his bodily orifices at the same time.
Chariah felt as though he had been attacked by his own Bloodbong. The large mouthpiece and nasal tubes were suffocating him as the Oneirophage imbibed his blood, and then his dreams, as the serpent demon sought to replenish his strength. Chariah allowed himself to slip into a brief meditative state, slowing his breathing nearly to a stop, heightening both his awareness and his necromantic sorceries. A minute later he too was inhaling through the respiratory insertions, reclaiming the blood he had just lost, battling the Oneirophage through the conduit of the Umbilicus. With extreme prana/bindu body control he began sucking with his eyes and ears, and with his mastery of higher tantric powers his penis did the same. The Necrodelic reversed the momentum of the Umbilicus and now used it to his advantage. Likewise, the Oneirophage now found himself at the wrong end of the convoluted tubes, and it was his blood, his air, his flesh, and his soul that was simultaneously imbibed and inhaled from his every bodily orifice.
 Through the twisted straw the Necrodelic sucked the cannibal vomit from the Oneirophage's stomach, the venom from his glands, the blood from his veins, and the dreams from his head. The Oneirophage thrashed in agony, then grasped the bulk of the straw's nexus, lifted it over his head, and used it to bodily hurl the Necrodelic through the air. Straws disconnected with wet sucking noises as Chariah was flung from their grasp, to land sprawling atop the rapidly rusting Amputator across the room. 
The Oneirophage tore the Umbilicus from his lips with a small spattering of crimson and cast it down into the pool of blood on the floor, where it lay half-submerged like some sort of leviathan tapeworm. As the Necrodelic gathered himself upon the slick roof of the Amputator, the Oneirophage joined him atop the limbing machine. 
Clawed feet and serpent's tail alike skidded in the slippery blood. Chariah slashed and chopped with his claws while the Oneirophage bombarded him with tattooed fists. After several minutes, the Oneirophage captured the Necrodelic by wrapping his tail around his feet and dragging him down with a loud splash, sending blood and rust flying through the air. The Oneirophage's tail wrapped its way up Chariah's legs, until it held him in its spiraling boa constrictor grip from feet to waist. The broken bones in the Oneirophage's tail blazed with agony as they were twisted under the severe pressure of their own flexing muscle, the sounds of crepitus abrading the air like grindstones. They lay this way for a long time, Chariah struggling to free himself, the Oneirophage squeezing with all his strength, trying to break the bones in the Necrodelic's legs. Some time later, the Oneirophage bent himself over double, so that he lay prostrated across the prone Necrodelic, his tail tying his legs up beneath them. Thus knotted together, they traded more blows, fists, claws, bites, and headbutts. With prism eyes locked into crimson eyes, eye contact drawing blood from both, both hands around each other's throats, the Oneirophage inched their entangled bodies to the edge of the Amputator, and then dangled Chariah upside-down over it, bracing himself with his hands behind him while his curled tail held the Necrodelic fast, hanging him upside-down by the legs. 
The Necrodelic raised himself on torn abdominal muscles to strike at the Oneirophage with his claws before his stomach collapsed and he fell back. The next time he rose up, the Oneirophage caught him with a fist to the face, knocking him back down with such force that it nearly carried the Oneirophage with him. The dream-eater braced himself again, and then began to lower himself from the roof of the Amputator, twisting in mid-air as he did so to grasp its edge with his fingers. His lower body tensed as he thrashed his tail, picking the Necrodelic up with it and then slamming him on his back upon the surgical table inside the Amputator. Practically holding on to the edge of the Amputator by his long, painted fingernails, the Oneirophage was barely able to gesture to the Umbilicus. He made the attempt, however, and succeeded in summoning it forth from the floor where it had lain, half-submerged in the shallow sea of blood like a burnt-out eel. Resurrected, the Umbilicus launched into the air and flew to its master. The Oneirophage caught the end of it in his mouth, then used his prehensile forked tongues to spin it into a three-dimensional pentagram within a circular frame. This configuration fit perfectly into the grinding wheel upon the side of the Amputator, which the Oneirophage then bade the Umbilicus attach itself to while he clasped the other end in his mouth. Moments later, as the Oneirophage inhaled, the wheel began to turn . 
The surgical table lurched and began to move along its conveyor belts. The Necrodelic was splayed prone upon the device, still trapped in the Oneirophage's coils. The Oneirophage slowly lowered himself even further from the ledge of the Amputator's entrance. His arms were now fully extended above his head. The muscles of both demons were stretched nearly to the point of shredding and ripping apart. The first time the guillotines fell, Chariah reared up to avoid them, and remained in mid-air to further dodge them as they returned to their holders. The table continued to move along as the Necrodelic and the Oneirophage continued to twist and writhe, Chariah trying to dodge the whistling guillotines, and the dream-eater trying to position him so that he could not. All the while the Oneirophage continued inhaling through the Umbilicus, grinding the wheel of the Amputator from afar.
They wrestled thusly until the dawn, which Chariah witnessed through the eastern window. The Necrodelic watched the red sun Tyterviax rear itself like a bleeding death's head over the horizon, and knew that he need only endure the Oneirophage's death-grip for a few moments longer.
At the exact instant of sunrise, the Oneirophage began his were-transformation. His tail thrashed itself in half, tearing apart into two snakeskin-tattooed legs. As the Oneirophage's lower half metamorphosed, Chariah was freed from the constriction of his tail. He dodged the guillotines one last time, then rose to his feet atop the moving surgical table. 
The Oneirophage was transforming into Morpheus Rex while hanging from the edge of the Amputator. Chariah grabbed his dangling legs and ripped him from the ledge, then turned around upon the conveyor belt and, holding the Dreaming Predator's legs against his sides, began driving him backwards through the Amputator, mere inches from the four guillotines. The Umbilicus had remained in Morpheus Rex' mouth both during and after his transformation, and as the quartet of blades fell he blew a forceful, guided pneuma into it. The rush of air sought out the wheel which controlled the Amputator, bringing it to a halt and then, like a gale-force wind, blew it in the opposite direction. 
The guillotines merely nicked his shoulders as they dropped. As the surgical table lurched in the opposite direction, the Necrodelic's equilibrium was briefly disturbed, and Morpheus Rex took advantage of this moment by kicking the Necrodelic in the solar plexus with both feet. The blow was tremendous and sent the Death Addict flying through the air and into the crystal, blood-coated, dawn-lit eastern window. The window shattered with his impact, disintegrating into sparkling shards that opened up thousands of cuts upon the Necrodelic as he hurtled through it. Chariah flew backwards for a few more feet, then dropped and fell into the psychedelic moat below. 
As shattered crystal tinkled upon the ground, their musical sounds were joined briefly by the loud slap of flesh striking gelid water. Morpheus Rex made his way to the broken window and looked down. The ripples of the Necrodelic's impact were still fresh upon the surface of liquid drugs, but the Death Addict was nowhere to be seen. 
The liquid gore flooding the room was now draining from the demolished side of the chamber, running off the edge in a wide, shallow cataract, as though from a dam of blood. Some of the severed heads, amputated limbs, and vivisected organs that lay strewn across the floor were caught up in the currents and washed over the edge, as well. Morpheus Rex scanned the moat one more time, and then the barren ground to the horizon and back again, before the urge to hunt overrode all else. The wastelands were beckoning, calling him to come and replenish the prey that had been destroyed the night before. It was the call of the hunted and the damned, and Morpheus Rex could do nought but obey its deadly command.

8

Chariah cursed as he struck the surface of the moat, not from disgust or anger at the Oneirophage's small victory, but because of his aversion to water. Such revulsions soon disappeared from his mind, however, for as Chariah sank through the brightly colored waters of the psychedelic moat, the liquid drugs infiltrated his body from everywhere at once and immediately took effect. He inhaled them through his nostrils and swallowed them in gulping mouthfuls. They seeped into his cuts and open wounds. They crawled into his ears, creeped into his eyes, and slithered into his urethra. The Necrodelic floated in a liquid prism, a billion colors flashing and flowing around him. The red sun Tyterviax flickered like fire over the broken mirror of the surface. Both seemed to be within arm's reach and yet, at the same time, seemed parsecs away. Chariah felt like a grain of diamond in an hourglass filled with crushed jewels, its concave sides refracting and distorting the universe around him. Demonic contortionists danced around the timepiece and peered inside, where Chariah had grown from a fragment of diamond dust into a small fetus, a pet fetus kept in an hourglass, by whose development the demons kept time. He continued to grow until the hourglass shattered. The chronodemons dispersed in a swirl of broken colors.
The psychedelic drugs created unique sensations at every point of entry. One eye wept while the other hallucinated. One ear heard music, the other voices. One nostril smelled smoke, the other decay. He held an entire universe in his mouth, within which he could taste everything from the galaxies and supernovas and black holes to every single droplet of every single ocean, every grain of sand and dirt on every planet, every single organism from demon to human to centaur to beast to cockroaches and their eggs, and then all the living parasites and all the viruses in every single one of those organisms. His gashes, punctures, and abrasions filled with shamanic mercuries that were at once salve and salt, panacea and poison, analgesic and corrosive acid. His erect phallus was in a constant state of orgasm, for minutes, hours, years, centuries, millennia, eons. Forever, the eternal orgasm would last, for as long as space and time existed, for infinity and beyond. 
The moat-waters were a thick ambrosial swill. Chariah now felt as though he were trapped inside a crystal ball, floating inside its murky spectrum, swimming like a fish through reflections and refractions while eating and drinking colors. Mother Chaos appeared outside the curved glass, a pink and purple giantess, her features distorted by the concavity of the window through which she gazed. She peered into the transparent globe like a seeress and watched him floating inside it like an embryo in a womb, her child and her familiar. She placed her pink hands upon the sorcerous orb and hypnotized him with her purple eye contact. 
"...you must find the dungeons..." she whispered, then kissed the glass outside with her purple lips. The crystal ball  exploded into a million fractal pieces, and then Mother Chaos was blowing him along the rainbow currents, along the colored winds of space, deeper and deeper, further and further, until he washed up on a shore of crushed diamonds, the tides of the psychedelic ocean depositing him upon the glittering beach along with all the other bodies it had washed up before. 
Chariah walked across the diamond sands, the sea of liquid drugs sparkling before him. He approached the other bodies upon the beach, fierce incubi and beautiful succubi, but when he reached them, he found them to be corpses, their flesh rotted black, the stench of decay strong upon the coastal winds. When he looked upon them a second time, the flesh fell away, leaving behind skeletons made of jewels. Chariah glanced fearfully around himself now. All the demons had turned into glittering, jeweled bones, their rictus grins smiling and laughing. The psychedelic sea washed another succubus ashore, who decayed when Chariah gazed upon her and left behind a diamond skeleton. 
Then the waves of liquid drugs began to grow larger and stronger, until one massive psychedelic tsunami swept Chariah up in its grasp. The crystal waters pumped more liquid drugs into his body as he rode along the crest of the giant wave, which continued to exponentially expand by the moment, until Chariah feared it was growing too large, and then it outgrew the entire universe, tumbling Chariah through the black void of the cosmos into the astral plane, where Mother Chaos caught him in her arms like a falling infant. Mother Chaos was still a giantess, and he was the still the size of an embryo. He suckled upon the purple nipples of her breasts and found her damson milk saturated with yet more mind-twisting drugs. Eventually, he transformed into the child of a shamaness, nursing itself upon hallucinogenic lactations. He drank from her gargantuan breasts until he had grown back to his normal size. 
Chariah stepped outside his flesh to observe himself and found that he was made entirely of crystal, his brain a glass sculpture in his crystal ball head, his organs visible beneath the transparent panes of his flesh, as translucent as the skin he pondered them through. He felt fragile, afraid that he would break if he moved; afraid that the winds and the tides, and the orbits of the planets and the gravitation pull of the stars, would shatter him if he did not. 
Chariah floated in the liquid cosmos now, past planets that were giant eyeballs, stars that were flaming hearts, comets that were monstrous phalluses, and black holes that were bottomless vaginas. The universe was reflected in his fragile body, upon his crystal flesh and within his glass organs. Sparkling crystal spiderwebs began to fall around him now, catching him in their diaphanous nets and becoming indistinguishable from his flesh. Soon, the humongous spiderwebs filled his vision, some with souls stuck in their viscid tangles. Black spiders began to swim beside him, wrapping him up like prey in their crystallized tapestries. His limbs were bound in the restrictive fluids, his body wrapped in a sac of shimmering ectoplasm. The spiders escorted him to a beautiful spaceship composed entirely of glittering spiderwebs, levels within levels with levels, a palace of ladders and hammocks, step pyramids and labyrinths. Chariah gazed around in wonder as he was borne upon the back of an arachnid beast of burden. Within the spaceship were winged spiders, hybrid centaur-like spidaurs, and humongous arachnisauruses. Mandala spiderwebs provided enlightenment and sorcery. The spiders bore him inward on a spiraling maze until they reached the chamber of the queen, a solid white hive of spiderweb, the only area in the entire spaceship with solid walls, floor, and ceiling. Chariah was carried inside a tunneling door that worked somewhat like a sphincter muscle, and presented to Spidratha, the First Spider, from whom all spiderkind was descended and whom all spiders worshipped. 
The gargantuan Spidratha was seated upon a throne of decaying corpses, in the center of which she laid her eggs. She had two legs, six arms, eight breasts, and a thousand eyes. Eight of those eyes glowed in red pairs upon her face. The rest were ommatidia, black window-panes adorning her entire head. All of them now gazed upon the Necrodelic at once. She gestured to some of her servants, who brought Chariah platters of flaming spiders, burning alive upon steaming plates. 
"Please accept our offerings of spiderflesh", the queen Spidratha spake. 
Chariah inhaled the black smoke curling up from the writhing spiders as they burned. The necrodelic drugs of flesh and death cleared his mind and calmed his soul. 
"Necrodelic, I have a bargain to make with thee. Soon, we will be invading Grystiawa. In addition to the continued pursuit of the Jh'a'vyraa, we also have a blood debt to settle with the Oneirophage. We seek your alliance in the coming war against the Dreaming Predator. In exchange, you shall be given one thousand spiders of your choosing, to smoke or do with as you please." 
Chariah breathed the essence of the dying spiders. There were enlightenments to be gained from spiderflesh, and ten hecatombs of any organism was an offer he could not refuse in a universe which was becoming increasingly devoid of life.
"I accept", spake the Necrodelic. 
"Excellent", Spidratha replied. "Together, we will annihilate the Oneirophage. Afterwards, perhaps you will join me, and rule the spider realm beside me. I might desire you for my king, Necrodelic..." Spidratha said in parting, as Chariah found himself dropping straight down through the spiders' spaceship upon a single strand of webbing, descending through the arachnids' intergalactic lair and then through the cosmos, where he dangled amongst the galaxies upon a single umbilical string. 
Chariah dangled upon the strand of spiderweb for an indeterminate length of time, watching planets orbit stars, watching supernovas explode and black holes implode, all with massive synesthesias of every sensory organ, seeing, hearing, feeling, smelling, and tasting the cosmos he observed. Eventually, Mother Chaos flew to his hanging soul and detached him from the spiderweb. Together, they soared away in another direction.
His pink and purple guardian angel swam alongside his diaphanous form, a creatrix and sorceress, his lover and soulmate, the Mistress of Entropy and Queen of Anarchy, his beloved Mother Chaos. The entire universe had been submerged in psychedelic liquids, so that he now had to swim from planet to planet, from star to star, through galaxies and black holes and wormholes. Mother Chaos led him by the hand to a ruby planet. Laughing severed heads occasionally floated by, as well as extracted organs that still pulsed, and amputated limbs that still reached out or tried to walk. Mother Chaos brought Chariah to the rim of the ruby planet, and they dove in together. 
Chariah's glass soul felt as though it could break at any time. Narcissistic sirens came to admire their reflections in his glass body. They swam through ruby water until the skies turned black, and then Chariah was suddenly plucked from the side of his protector.
The booming laughter of Satan made Chariah's body tinkle and start to crack. Satan held him by the nape of his neck like a cub, placing him down in the center of a black pentagram atop a flaming pedestal. Satan's phallic horns were bleeding. Chariah could see severed heads floating through the veins and arteries of his external circulatory system. Satan's aura was so hot it threatened to melt him where he stood, or make him spontaneously combust. 
Satan spoke with a voice that reverberated a million times, so that every word echoed at once when he had finished speaking. 
"Sweet larva, you are nothing but a maggot in the decay of my sperm... Such pleasures I shall know, once you have returned to Hell, my rapeling...The universe is my torture chamber, and I'll not have a sweetmeat like you, with so much blood to be spilled and so much sin to be consumed, transcending it.."
Satan lowered his horned head to fix his black hole eyes upon the Necrodelic, sucking at his very soul with his eye contact. Demons clambered about inside his mouth, some impaled upon his fangs, some meditating upon his tongues, others copulating in sadomasochistic orgies. When Satan spoke again, his voice was full of fury, and every syllable he spoke caused a part of the crystallized Chariah to break off, shatter, or explode. 
 "This is my game. I created it. I possess it. I own everything in the entire universe. I own you. You are one of my favorite possessions, and my immortal soul will be destroyed before you ever become the Jh'a' vyraa." 
Satan bent even closer. 
"Listen to me. You will never become the Jh'a'vyraa. I am omnipotent, and I will use all of my powers to ensure that you never escape me. Cockroaches have a better chance of becoming the Jh'a'vyraa than you. You are my slave. You are my catamite. You are my bitch."
Chariah's crystal form fell apart as Satan laughed, leaving glass shards atop the pentagram and a spectral cloud of dust, as though an hourglass had exploded. When the cloud dissipated, Chariah had regained his black demon form, and stood with crimson eyes blazing, muscular chest slowly rising up and down, claws gleaming in the glow of Hellfire. 
Satan continued to laugh, but stopped abruptly when he looked down again to find the Necrodelic before him in full demonic incarnation. His soul had not disintegrated into shards to be swept into Hell, and Chariah stood reborn before him, more evil and more powerful than ever. 
"Who do you think you are?" Satan demanded. 
"I am the Overdemon. I am the Messiah of Death. I am the Jh'a'vyraa." 
"You are no Overdemon", Satan laughed. 
"Fuck you",  Chariah hissed. 
"You are no Messiah of Death", Satan spat, expectorating souls as he chewed off each syllable. 
"Fuck you," the Necrodelic repeated. 
"You are no Jh' a' vyraa", Satan roared, as black smoke began to billow from all around and the fires of Hell burned brighter and higher than ever before. 
"FUCK YOU", Chariah screamed, in a voice loud enough to rival Satan's.
Satan smashed the pentagrammed pedestal beneath his black-ringed fist, but the Necrodelic had already gone, faded away, floated elsewhere, drifting along the currents of the cosmos. 
Mother Chaos rejoined him as they swam upwards towards a black hole at the top of the universe. She took his dark hand in her pink fingers and led him through space and time. 
 "...you must swim into that black hole, my love...labyrinths await...but remember that labyrinths are a form of chaos...and I will be able to aide you, should the need arise..." 
With that, Mother Chaos let go Chariah's hand and fell as if from a great height, while the Necrodelic swam towards the black hole at the top of the universe. He flowed along its event horizon and then rode the waves of destruction inside, for one instant flying faster than he had ever imagined possible, as though he were being borne on a dark tsunami the entire length of the universe, billions upon billions of light years in a single second. His hair blew back, his lips curled away from his fangs. He couldn't move any of his muscles, his arms were fixed in place, spread out into space at his sides, his claws splayed and shredding the very fabric of space and time as he was borne through the universe in one infinite rush. Centrifugal and centripetal forces paralyzed him, paralyzed the very thoughts in his brain, paralyzed his very soul. For an instant, it was like Dark Orgasm, all emptiness and nothingness, voids and silences, and then an instant later he was deposited, dripping with liquid drugs, inside a dank hallway made entirely of prism. Behind him was a black pit, at whose bottom the crystal waters of the psychedelic moat rose and fell in small waves. The Necrodelic had escaped into the sewers of Phantasmagorika, somewhere beneath the crimson Grystiawan ground and the surface of the psychedelic moat. 
Exhausted, Chariah laid down in a shallow, spreading pool of crystal hallucinogens, their chemicals still pumping through his arteries and veins, their visions still replaying over and over in his head. It was as though an oracle had been surgically implanted in his brain and then hermetically sealed within, never to be amputated or excised, forever to spin its dizzying sceneries around his throbbing mind's eye. 

9

The Oneirophage reclined against the gore-stained pillows of his bed, Umbilicus in one hand, a prism goblet full of blood in the other, sipping dreams from the brain of a purple eunuch. He was surrounded by carnage. Twenty-seven limbless bodies lay upon the blankets, the remnants of a mass sacrifice earlier that evening. The Oneirophage had many wounds to heal after the previous night's battle with the Necrodelic, and had augmented the numbers of the day's prey with the remaining bodies from his flesh reservoirs. The debris of battle still littered his bedchamber. The floor, walls, and ceiling were still stained scarlet. Some of the blood was now his own, and some the Necrodelic's. 
Some of the carnal debris had washed over the edge of the broken window in a cataract of blood, but a large amount of shrunken heads, swollen organs, piles of sodden entrails, and grotesquely eroded skeletons still decorated the room. His sentient chains had healed themselves and shackled the day's captives. The Amputator had been sluggish because of all the blood in its gears and the rust setting in from the drenchings of gore. 
The eastern window was completely gone, which meant that the entire side of the Oneirophage's bedchamber was exposed to the night. A few winged spiders flew through the opening. The Oneirophage promptly murdered and devoured them. He gazed through the window as he swallowed the dreams of a hermaphrodite, the bifurcated Umbilicus plunged symmetrically into both sets of genitalia. As he drifted into drugged slumber, the stolen dreams of the hermaphrodite unfolded in his head. The Oneirophage dreamt of double masturbation, of self-fertilization, of perverted narcissisms that led to infanticides, persecutions, and moments of solitude atop mountaintops and inside quarantined caverns, on forbidden planets and in bestial spaceships. He dreamt of worlds where hermaphrodites were worshipped as messiahs, and others where they were exiled as pariahs. He dreamt of double castration with a saw. He dreamt of hermaphrodite children, who raped and then killed him, or were raped and then killed by him. The Oneirophage dreamt he was a hermaphrodite, masturbating with a saw and giving birth to Morpheus Rex after Morpheus Rex, until he was buried in them. He dreamt of Siamese twins, one male and one female, making love to one another in gardens of drugs. He dreamt of himself and Morpheus Rex as Siamese twins, conquering Satan, slaying the universe, together becoming the Jh'a'vyraa. He dreamt of nirvanas where Morpheus Rex and the Oneirophage made love for all eternity.
The Oneirophage slipped further into enlightenment, his multicolored astrosome slipping free of his corporeal form. The Oneirophage's astral body floated to the blown-out window, gazing out at the universe floating by. He himself had no knowledge of where it was Phantasmagorika went at sunset. Gazing through the new window, he began to understand. Phantasmagorika was spinning through outer space. It didn't seem to be going anywhere in particular, just drifting and floating, much like its master did in his dream states at night. The Oneirophage looked out upon galaxies flowing by, stars revolving, planets in orbit, moons tilting. 
Later that night, the Oneirophage found himself back in bed. He had just awoken, but he wasn't sure if he was still dreaming or not. He gazed at the black square of cosmos which was now his bedroom wall. Starlight and nebulae, comets and black holes, samsaric cycles and apocalypses, the Oneirophage watched all with drugged fascination, the contrast of the light and the dark, the hypnotic movement of celestial objects, the mesmerizing patterns that were formed and then destroyed. 
One of the black holes was coming closer now, flying toward his window. The Oneirophage wondered if he had fallen into its event horizon in his nocturnal journey, and if it was actually he and his palace which were flying towards it. The black hole grew larger and larger, like the shadow of Satan looming over the universe. As it got closer the Oneirophage could see that the black hole had wings. Hooked wings. And hooked horns, hooked shoulders, and a hooked phallus, as well.
It was not a black hole, but a soulmate: the fear-raping, nightmare-ingesting, phobiphiliac Democubus. The large, ebon gargoyle demon flew in through the blasted window, his sharp hooks silhouetted against the light of distant galaxies behind him. He had hooks over his eyes, hooked fangs, and hooks on his elbows and knees. His fingers were miniature scythes, turned toward each other's tips like pincers. His toes were hooked with gripping claws. He had hooks on his ankles, hooks on his genitals, hooks on his chest. Curved hooks arose from each shoulder like battle armor, and from his skull like the horns of a helmet. 
Democubus landed amidst the debris of body parts and began to unscrew the top of a decapitated head with his hooked fingers. He twisted the piece of scalp and skull off with his thumb and forefinger, then plunged his hooked phalanges into the brains inside. When he withdrew them, they trailed long squirming organisms that looked like black tapeworms. With a grunt, Democubus devoured them. The spiked demon savored the taste of fear and phobia as he swallowed, sighing as its dark ambrosia wriggled sensuously down his throat. 
Democubus floated across the room and crouched over the limbless and gorily perforated body of a pink and blue succubus who had barely survived the tortures of the Oneirophage and now lay, breathing shallowly, upon the floor where the dream-eater had discarded her. Democubus crouched down upon her and began to satiate his sexual appetites with her wriggling husk. He drove his barbed penis repeatedly into her vagina while she screamed, pumping her womb and brain full of horrific nightmares and pulling out entrails and black tapeworms of fear as they copulated. After he had withdrawn himself from her flesh, the dark parasitic strings, the black tapeworms of fear, remained dangling from his genitals and pubic hooks. The succubus continued to scream, her limbless torso writhing and bouncing around the floor until she finally perished with one last shriek of terror. Democubus floated over to the side of the Oneirophage, who had watched him rape the succubus with mesmerized, dream-drugged fascination. 
"Nightmares have a force all their own," spake the gargoyle. "Tis their eros and thanatos which is both source and fuel of my psychomancy. You would be wise to include them in your indulgences, and incorporate them into your ritual dream-cycles." 
The gargoyle spoke articulately and eloquently. His voice was a raspy baritone and had to be dragged like a symbiote from his mouth, for he spoke with a hooked tongue, and his throat, larynx, and lungs were all adorned with hooks, as well. Despite its rasp, it was deep and booming. It often reverberated, but never echoed. 
"My phagia doth flow often enough with nightmares and wet dreams," the Oneirophage replied.
"Only indirectly."
Democubus floated to the severed head which he had opened earlier and lifted it from the floor. He reached inside the brain once again, and with another display of psychomancy withdrew more of the black wormlike nightmares, as well as a writhing mass of white counterparts. "Tis these, Oneirophage" he said, "Which are the stuff of death. Devour them raw, and thou shalt know the secrets of existence."
Democubus raised the worming fistful of black nightmares and white wet dreams to his mouth and devoured it.
 "Tis dreams which are the stuff of death," the Oneirophage replied. "The raw materials of power which build one's tolerance for change, that make one immune to every possibility, potentiality, and eventuality. To conquer dreams is to conquer reality. Ultimately, reality and the universe are one and the same."
"In nightmares dwell both fear and lust, and tis these which inevitably lead a soul to its doom. To ingest phobias and philias is to strengthen oneself and obtain evolution. To expel philias and phobias is to cleanse oneself and attain enlightenment. Master this polarity, and you master your soul." 
"In dreams I find pain and desire, and tis these which make a corpse of flesh and a ghost of even the most powerful demon." 
"Pain is but a symptom of death, dream-eater, and not its causality." 
"I could say the same of fear." 
Democubus ruminated for a moment.
"Do we fear death, or do we perish from our phobias?" Democubus pondered.
"Do we hurt because we are dying, or is it our own pain which murders us?" the Oneirophage responded with equal zen. 
"I think perhaps this dark trinity is symbiotic", spake Democubus. 
"Fear, pain, and death", hissed the Oneirophage, "three sides of a dark pyramid, whose base and foundation is Hell." 
"And upon its zenith, the Jh'a'vyraa..." Democubus softly postulated.
"I will seek to devour nightmares, then, while I imbibe dreams," the Oneirophage declared with a hiss.
"And I shall seek to rape the wounded, the tortured, and the dying along with the fearful, the paranoid, and the phobic." 
Democubus began to creep back towards the cosmic window. 
"We shall speak of this again, Oneirophage," he promised, and then Democubus beat his large hooked wings and soared away into the cosmos, still trailing wet, black strands of fear from his crotch. 
The Oneirophage closed his eyes and began to suckle upon the Umbilicus again, this time drinking the nightmares from the hermaphrodite's skull. The tubes of the intricate straw bubbled with black fluid and squirming, wormlike substances as the Oneirophage drifted once again into drugged slumber, dreaming the nightmares of his victim, the nightmares of rape by a hermaphroditic Satan, of giving oneself venereal diseases, and of committing suicide while masturbating with a saw and dripping meathook. 


10

Jackal-headed harpies gathered around the limp, unconscious body of the Necrodelic, their small breasts dangling and waving back and forth as they lapped up the shimmering, viscous synthesis of blood, drugs, and filth seeping through the corridor. Their long, brown hair became matted with the thick melange as the thirsty harpies dragged their tresses through the rancid oasis, their pointed lupine ears twitching, their sabretooth fangs gleaming in the shadows, their serpents' tongues flickering in and out while they drank. 
Vampire bats fluttered and flew into the corridor, while in the shadows of their wings sable leeches the size of hellhounds inched and crept forward. Both had been attracted by the scent of blood. Foul and stunted demons crawled forth from the innards of the sewers, tempted by the sight and smell of drugs. Giant larvae and black, anaconda-sized maggots squirmed from corners and cracks in the walls, drawn by the stench of offal and decay. The jackal-headed harpies, who were a rare breed of carnivore, vampire, and necrophage, had come for all three substances. The fiendish bitches were soon biting the heads off of bats, swallowing large, wriggling larvae, tearing chunks of meat from the flanks of giant leeches and maggots, and drinking the blood of mutants.
As the various bloodsuckers and scavengers gathered around the septic watering hole, the virulent brown lake being fed by the crimson rivers of Chariah's hemorrhaging wounds and the shimmering, multi-colored streamlets of psychedelic liquids dripping from his drenched body, the Necrodelic stirred from slumber, awakening from the unconsciousness that had befallen him upon escaping the mind-bending moat and the depths of his own twisted brain. 
Chariah's first perception was of a void in his sentience: he could not discern or comprehend time whatsoever, knew not if he'd been lying there for seconds or millennia after fainting. It was as though time had ceased to be, and, just as it was in the deepest stages of dreaming, there was neither future nor past, prophecy nor history, and no end or beginning to anything, including the universe and his own existence. The present was a black hole womb, trapping him in a dimension where time did not pass and keeping him blind and numb to its very concept, a helpless embryo never to be born, to be imprisoned eternally in the same infinite instant. 
It was the magic of Mother Chaos that rescued Chariah again. His soul trapped in the fetal position in a womb of nullity beyond time and space, her powers of entropy countered the inertia of his prison. Her spells of anarchy destroyed its oneness, its singularity. Mother Chaos brought change to the black hole womb, and thus time. Slowly, surgically, as though performing a womb transplant, the purple womb of Mother Chaos replaced the cold black hole womb of nullity. Inside her dark lavender sanctuary, the senseless Necrodelic found metamorphosis, evolution, and enlightenment. Time flowed again, and change had been reintroduced to the universe. The blindness lifted as Chariah observed the giant walls of Mother Chaos' purple vagina from the inside. Maternally, the Mistress of Entropy delivered her demonic devotee beyond the event horizon of her labia, and back into his corporeal body. 
Slowly reorienting himself as he gained awareness in small doses and pieced together the fractal memories in his mind like an interdimensional puzzle box, Chariah's nerves began coming to life like lit braziers, touched by torches aflame with the fires of Hell. The Necrodelic's black eyelids parted, and his glowing red eyes attacked the darkness and those who sought shelter or subterfuge within it. Chariah used his demonic sorcery to make eye contact with several of the scavengers at once, from all sides and every angle, from the bats hovering near the ceiling to the maggots, leeches and assorted larvae squirming on the floor, and the jackal-headed harpies and gnarled shrunken demons in-between, turning every creature that gazed into the Hellfire which roiled in the infernal sockets of his black skull to ebony ashes. The disintegrated corpses of the freshly immolated briefly held their shapes in the air, ephemeral sculptures of ash and smoke that collapsed an instant later, scattering throughout the corridor as though blown from a funeral pyre.
Those that remained outside the scope of his vision were attacked instantaneously. The Necrodelic's claws slashed, and harpies splashed into the dark brown puddles in four pieces, their jackal heads still hissing as they rolled through the muck and down the hallways. Bats were skewered and spitted in mid-air by single claws, impaled, and then left to slide off the slick talons to die with twitching wings and ultrasonic death-cries on the floor below. The pale, twisted demons, gnarled and mutated from generations spent in the sewers of the Prism Palace, were disposed of with pyrokinetic fireballs. The giant black maggots, leeches and larvae were halved and then halved again, leaving them in bloody, quivering segments throughout the corridor. 
  Empowered by murder, the Necrodelic healed his demon flesh and battered mind through the slayings. With every blow dealt he grew a little stronger; with every drop of blood he awakened a little further; with every death he became more powerful, until he had stolen all the life energy from the scavengers and bloodsuckers and left their ashes and mutilated corpses behind, in the murky crimson-brown pool of gore and offal which was now their polluted grave. 
Able to walk once again, Chariah made his way from the carnage through the sewers of Phantasmagorika. They were part of the same giant prism from which the rest of the palace had been carved. Cockroaches cast enormous shadows on the walls as they scuttled past, while the muck and filth along the floor created unhealthy looking rainbows in shades of umber throughout the passages. Chariah removed grilles and gridwork from the ceilings, tearing them from hinges or slashing them asunder, and climbed from level to level through the portals he created. Cisterns of old blood stank like ancient, used armor that had been worn by thousands of different demons, each dying during battle while wearing the rotten iron and bequeathing it, uncleansed and unwashed, to the next generation of warriors. Chariah circumnavigated a myriad of such cisterns as he wandered, some the size of small lakes, some filled with blood so senescent it was the color of rust. However, though much of the blood in the cisterns had been spilled several millennia ago, none of it had ever scabbed, coagulated, or evaporated. In fact, as Chariah made his way through the bowels of Phantasmagorika, it seemed that nothing within the prism palace ever dried. 
Puddles of gore were ubiquitous, and just as ancient as some of the blood cisterns, in the labyrinths of sewage. Some of them were waist-deep, forcing Chariah to wade through their depths as he crept through the maze. When he came to another blood cistern, he discovered a ladder constructed from the bodies of dead snakes. As he climbed the rungs of serpent corpses, nailed together at heads and tails, along the concave wall of the cistern, he observed the condensation of blood, bodily fluids, and waste materials mere inches from his face. The droplets and drippings upon the cylindrical walls cast blood rainbows across the chamber, rainbows that encompassed the entire spectrum of red, with seven arches of maroon, crimson, scarlet, vermilion, cerise, incarnadine, and carmine. As he reached the top, Chariah gazed down upon a dizzying array of kaleidoscopic reds, spurting through the air, criss-crossing one another and casting a ruby glow throughout the blood cistern. 
Chariah climbed into a narrow passage, making his way once more through twisting corridors and ancient puddles. Sanguinary condensation continued to pour from the walls like hemathidrosis. Weaving his way around corners for an hour, the Necrodelic found yet another shaft to deliver him unto a higher level of the palace's dungeons. The opening was a square in the prism of the ceiling, and just below it was a large puddle of blood with several eyeballs floating on its surface. The Necrodelic waded into the pool of blood, sending the eyeballs afloat on concentric ripples of crimson. He paused to look at the eyeballs. 
They were staring back at him. 
As Chariah started to dig his talons into the sheer walls of the shaft, the blood he was half-submerged in began to churn, forming itself into clawed arms that rose like waves from the surface to clutch at his flesh, dragging him back down the shaft with the piercing sounds of razors scraping across diamond. Mouths began to form upon the crimson surface, complete with fangs that tore at the Necrodelic's black flesh. 
The puddle of blood was alive. 
The living puddle tried to drown and dismember the Necrodelic simultaneously. Liquid tsunami claws raked his back. A red tentacle wrapped itself around his throat and began to strangle him. An underwater fist seized his testicles and attempted to crush them to a pulp. Mouths gibbered and gnashed. Eyeballs dilated and observed as they floated on the red tides of combat. Chariah slashed at the living pool of blood, splashing crimson across the walls and ceiling. Liquid limbs dissipated and fell like rain across the surface. Faces began to emerge from the depths as the elemental entity gained power, eyes and mouths aligning on the surface, complete with horned heads and scarlet hair. 
Chariah sliced the tentacles around his throat, then used his freed larynx and vocal cords to recite a spell of exorcism. The words came like a horde of bats from his mouth. A moment later, the ghosts which possessed the puddle were fished out like flukes by the Necrodelic's claws. The spirits writhed like maggots in the strong grip of his fists. Chariah raised his hands to his face and, with one necromantic breath, blew the ghosts down the corridor at light speed on the black winds of his lungs. The spirits dispersed like dust in a storm, the living puddle fell silent and still, faces and limbs melting with gentle splashes, mouths closing, eyeballs sinking to the bottom as though suddenly weighted down with iron. Chariah's sable breath blew the ghosts to Hell, where Satan received them with his sadomasochistic embrace. 
The living puddle died around the body of its exorcist. Chariah climbed through the blood-speckled shaft in the ceiling and continued his journey. He made his way up a few more levels, fighting off more possessed pools of blood as he did so. There were several more cisterns to negotiate as well. Cisterns of opium residue filled one level, along with the requisite opium-eaters that swam within it and populated their shores, whom Chariah promptly murdered. There were cisterns of ancient sperm and spent venom as well, to be crossed on catwalks above or tunnels below, or circumnavigated in the surrounding labyrinths. Finally, he came to the upper levels, where solid wastes and garbage were accumulated. The main chamber was a vast, open repository filled with towering heaps of garbage and landfills full of body parts and internal organs. Mounds of severed limbs filled the room like mountain ranges. The gleaming white femurs and humeruses of those who had recently been picked clean intermingled with the brown and brittle bones of eons past. Still enfleshed arms and legs abounded, in various stages of decay. From the gangrenous to the maggot-infested to the still-warm, the chamber was like a vision of drug-induced thanatopsis. 
The gruesome heaps of body parts buzzed with millions of flies, crawled with maggots and nightworms, and were frequently partaken of by the hungry denizens of Phantasmagorika's sewers, which were present upon this level in abundance, including the jackal-headed harpies and their hyena-faced cousins, the starving mutant demons with translucent skin and their bloated, bony, sickly children, and the large fungus beasts which moved slowly amongst the refuse. 
Chariah made his way through and around the piles and pits of waste material. The jackal-headed and hyena-faced harpies growled and barked as he passed, but did not attack, for the black stalker showed no interest in their rotten food and precious carrion. Still, the Necrodelic's mission was genocide, and every death was a step toward the ascendancy of the Jh'a'vyraa. Thus, the jackal-headed and hyena-faced harpies were attacked by the Necrodelic's pyromancy, spontaneously combusting and adding their steaming shrapnel to the piles of flesh and waste, becoming part of the refuse they had dwelled in and feasted on just moments before. The gnarled, genetically twisted demons melted into translucent puddles of liquid flesh before the gesture of his right hand. Maggots, nightworms, and cockroaches were likewise roasted or crushed underfoot. Swarms of flies were set afire as a single entity, glowing like will-o-the-wisps for a few moments before dropping one by one to the ground. Finally, nought survived but Chariah and the fungus beasts. As the oily smoke of burning bodies, the incense of immolated flesh, and the stench of charred garbage billowed in the air, the Necrodelic prepared to battle the gigantic, shuffling, fungoid monstrosities. 
The fungus beasts were as tall as twenty feet and perpetually quivered, even when standing still. Their bodies of amorphous mold could be shaped in any manner they chose while they matured, and thus no two were even remotely similar. Their evil spirits sculpted their malleable physical incarnations with psychotic whim and wicked purpose until they reached adulthood, growing body parts as they saw fit, molding their flesh like clay. The fungus demons were autosurgeons, experimenting on themselves while they developed from spore to monster, performing their own amputations and augmentations, grafts, transplants, and sex changes. They were sculptors of their own flesh, artists whose very bodies were their masterpieces. They were abundant throughout the universe, and extremely dangerous. 
There were four fungus beasts altogether, the largest one green and waving hundreds of tentacles while a fanged mouth in the middle of his body formed a tunnel that was ringed with sharp fangs all the way through to its other side, where a duplicate mouth opened and masticated. Another was brown with black spots, a giant horned slug of tremendous girth with scales down its back and a manticore's tail. A smaller female resembling a gorgon had mushrooms for hair and dripped electric blue psilocybin from her breasts and vagina. Upon the wall was a gray-black mildew that stretched for several feet, with hundreds of eyestalks that stood phallically erect as it became sexually excited, its myriad eyeballs watching voyeuristically from where it clung. 
The giant with green tentacles and the sluglike behemoth attacked first. Chariah's claws flashed like ten swords in the air, leaving dozens of severed tentacles writhing on the floor in a matter of seconds. As the giant slug made its charge, Chariah breathed fire from his lungs, driving it back with a high-pitched shriek, mold sizzling and crackling upon its body. As he did so, however, he was trapped in the clutches of the tentacled one, and borne toward it's gaping mouth. The Necrodelic could see the other side of the chamber through its second mouth as it drew him closer. 
 Chariah braced his clawed feet against the beast's fangs, preventing it from chewing or swallowing him. The rings of teeth clashed all the way up and down its throat like a meat grinder. Calling upon his necromancy, Chariah unleashed the power of Satan into his muscles and veins, causing the tentacles which gripped him to explode and rain down like shrapnel as he powered from their clutches with Hellborn strength. The Necrodelic alighted with pantherish dexterity upon the creature's emerald lips. As the tentacles sought him out again like heat-seeking missiles, he deftly caught them in his clawed fists, and shoved them into the fungus beast's maw. A second later, as the Necrodelic jumped from the creature's mouth to the floor below, the fungus beast chewed off several of its own tentacles with a scream of anguish. 
As Chariah alighted upon the ground, the aggressive horned slug charged again. When it was within mere inches of him, the Necrodelic jumped straight up, flipped over, twisted in midair, and landed atop the creature's back, all the while severing the flailing tentacles that shot towards him. 
Chariah rode the horned slug like a bestial steed, using his palms to take over its brain and driving it headfirst into the tentacled fungus beast's iron maiden gullet, which reflexively closed and decapitated its brother. The headless body fell heavily to the ground, knocking over heaps of severed limbs and waste as it did so, then several more as it thrashed with violent death throes. 
The mushroom gorgon was before him now, her tits and vagina leaking electric blue psilocybin, flowing in streamlets down her torso and thighs. As she drew closer, her eyes wept shimmering psilocybin, and she began drooling and sweating the psychedelic substance as well. Just the fumes were enough to disorient the Necrodelic, and he soon found himself being doused with the deadly fluid in twin arches from her erect nipples. The drug seeped through his skin by osmosis, and the room began to sway and shift as Chariah began to hallucinate. 
An instant later, he found himself suckling from the mushroom gorgon's teat. She sang to him like a siren and caressed him like a succubus mother as she nursed him with psilocybin. She then gripped his hair and buried his face in her genitals. Her siren's song coaxed his tongue between her labia, her temptress' sorceries hypnotizing him to perform cunnilingus upon her fungoid body, drinking more blue psilocybin as he did so. 
Fighting his own consciousness, Chariah struggled against the psychedelic fluids and called forth Hellfire from his throat. He breathed the Hellfire into the mushroom gorgon's vagina. Her labia blackened and peeled back like skin from a wound. Her vaginal walls melted into black lava. 
The Hellfire blew through her womb and up into her body, scorching everything in its path. The fungus beast burned from the inside out, her vital organs reduced to little bits of charcoal before the flames even reached her brain. When they did, they burst from the crown of her head like a raging inferno. The mushroom gorgon blackened and fell to ash as the smell of cooked psilocybin filled the air. 
The smoke of her burning flesh turned the psychedelia in Chariah's consciousness into necrodelia, making him even more deadly. Halfway submerged in the astral plane, his senses razor-sharp, the Necrodelic burned the psilocybin from his brain. He was enlightened from the drug of her immolated flesh, and power raged through his body like black electricity. He caught the green tentacled fungus beast with his claws as it descended upon him, lifting it into the air with the strength of a thousand demons, and hurling it at the mildew demon on the wall, who had been merely observing the combat with its voyeuristic eyestalks. Those same eyestalks which had been so erect with sexual arousal from the fisticuffs now shriveled as the monstrosity was hurled towards it, its black pupils dilated in terror. The tentacled monster splattered against the wall with an ear-splitting, wet, smashing sound, instantly killing it and its mildew brother beneath it. The two fungus beasts dripped down the wall as one, sliding with sucking noises like those of copulation, their blood and liquefied flesh intermingling and pooling on the floor. While their pulped corpses continued to runnel and seep through the chamber, Chariah found a stairway in the back corner and ascended to the upper levels of Phantasmagorika's sewers. 
 As Chariah climbed to the highest levels of the sewers, the piles of severed limbs grew progressively fresher, so whereas he had seen mostly mummified remnants before, he now saw several still-bleeding appendages. Finally, Chariah climbed one last ladder of dead serpents, this one stretching for over one hundred feet along a curved wall that overlooked one last cistern of gore. This cistern served as the main depository of the castle, where all of the waste initially accumulated. The foul lake bubbled and foamed, churning with loud machinery grinding and scraping at its bottom, unseen beneath the murky depths, which filtered the blood and other substances before sending them further downwards. Hundreds of pipes jutting from the walls were pouring blood, sperm, venom, opium residue and used dreams into the cylindrical chamber. Several others lay dormant. 
As Chariah ascended the ladder of ophidian cadavers, the light of Phantasmagorika's ground levels a shining beacon high above, he reflected upon his quest through the sewers of the prism palace. He began to notice the correlations between the architecture, functionality, and quiddity of Phantasmagorika with the inner workings of the body, mind, and soul of the Oneirophage. Recalling pipes that bore spilled blood like aqueducts throughout the palace, garbage chutes jammed with body parts, and overflowing landfills and trash compactors, Chariah realized that, like the Oneirophage's brain, the workings of Phantasmagorika's sewage system were as intricate as those of a city, though not as efficiently maintained. Chariah did not believe that they were they were maintained at all, much like the Oneirophage's subconscious. It also seemed as though everything the Oneirophage had ever used was obsessively retained in his palace sewers and cisterns, like precious, rotten, festering memories accrued in the dark corners of his brain. Chariah also observed that nothing within the walls of Phantasmagorika ever dried. Drug residue, snake venom, vomit, sweat, spilled blood, sperm ejaculated in both masturbation and rape, and the remnants of everyone he had ever slain, all seemed to be preserved in the subterranean labyrinth, along with all the accumulated waste and garbage of the Oneirophage's millennia of existence within the prism palace. 
As Chariah climbed hand over hand along the serpentine rungs, his black brain grew even darker with knowledge and enlightenment. Upon reaching the top of the dead snake ladder he gazed down one last time upon the sewers of Phantasmagorika, using his necromantic powers to observe with sorcerous and X-ray vision the path of psychic residue he had left behind, the black trail of his own soul through the maze of glittering gutters and cisterns. Casting a spell of memory, Chariah etched a map of Phantasmagorika's sewers in his mind, carved in crimson with a psychic dagger upon the innards of his brain. Then, with the freshly incised map still bleeding deep within the labyrinths of his mind, amongst a myriad of other such cartographic lacerations and scars, the Necrodelic emerged into the lights of Phantasmagorika's rotunda. 

11

Serpentikal was a labyrinth, a living ophidian maze whose infinite coils were the walls and edifices of the twisted and spiraling streets of his realm, whose bodily orifices were snakepits, and whose very body formed Serpentopolis, a city for his kin to dwell in. Floating in the cosmos like a bestial spaceship, Serpentikal's neck stretched upwards for several hundred feet, culminating in the head of a gargantuan king cobra. His hood flared, his eyes glowed crimson, and he carried his queen, His soulmate, the Constrictress, was knotted around one of his pike-sized fangs, her legs and arms wrapped around it like giant serpents unto themselves. In a yab-yum like position she copulated with the fang as it ejaculated venom into her womb.
The Oneirophage spied upon Serpentikal from his bloodstained bed, one hand languidly holding the Umbilicus to his lips while he sucked dreams from the exposed brains of his writhing bedmates. Voyeuristically stargazing, he watched the universe flow by, enjoying for another night the scenery of the cosmos. As the orbits of Serpentikal and Phantasmagorika slowly pulled the two together, their gravities attracting each another at the same time, the Oneirophage made eye contact with the snake titan, drawing the gigantic floating fortresses even closer. The colossal cobra head soon filled the entire window, the Constrictress wrapped seductively around his right fang. When he spoke, his forked tongue flickered in and out of the room, lashing the cool air of the open bedchamber. 
"Oneirophage," Serpentikal hissed, "my dream-swallowing scion. It has been many skins since last we met."
The Oneirophage nodded towards his ancestor, speaking the serpent tongue with the same susurrating tone. 
"Welcome," he said, stretching out his tattooed arms, his three forked tongues dangling from his lips, "to Phantasmagorika." 
Serpentikal spoke again, his voice a whisper as loud as a scream. 
"I see you have evolved into a powerful entity, a demon worthy of becoming the Jh'a'vyraa. I have come to you this night with both a warning and an offering. Soon, Spidratha and her minions will attack Grystiawa. She has allied herself with the Necrodelic, and together they seek to destroy you. You will be outnumbered when her arachnid armies land, and shall be forced to flee your homeworld or die with it. Though your blood is not pure and your genes have been contaminated, still you are one of my descendants, and so, half-breed, for the opportunity to gain vengeance upon my former arachnid lover, and in our mutual pursuit of the Jh'a'vyraa, I offer you my protection and alliance. Speak the word, and I shall direct my course to Grystiawa. The serpents and spiders shall wage one final, apocalyptic battle before the universe comes to an end. Consider this, my mutant grandson, while you enjoy the gift of two hundred gorgon heads." 
As Serpentikal spoke of the gorgons, the Constrictress made a gesture toward the back of her lover's throat. Shortly thereafter, a long anaconda slithered up Serpentikal's gullet, over his tongue, between his fangs, and into the bedchamber. Upon its back, in one solid row, were the decapitated heads of the gorgons. The anaconda poured into the room for several minutes, folding back upon itself to fit within the confines of the bedchamber, until its tail emerged with the skull of the two hundredth sacrificial victim impaled upon its tip. The gorgon heads were arrayed as though upon a table, still living, their serpent hair writhing, their dreams ready to be imbibed. 
The Oneirophage reached out and began to partake of the gift, first sipping the bubbling green dreams from one of the decapitated heads, then thirstily drinking more with increasingly greater swallows. 
"Thank you, First Serpent", the Oneirophage spake in gratitude as he drove the Umbilicus through the right eye of the next gorgon head, who screamed a bloodcurdling cry as he did so. The Oneirophage began sucking the dreams from her brain. 
"I will indeed accept your offer. Come to Grystiawa, and together we shall annihilate Spidratha and the Necrodelic."
Serpentikal hissed his approval. "Tis done. Constrictress, prepare Serpentopolis for war. We leave for the Tyterviax system immediately."
"Yes, my lord", the boa queen answered, spiraling from his fang like an unraveling vine, then disappearing down his throat. 
Serpentikal began pulling back from the open window, speaking one final time as he withdrew the massive bulk of his labyrinthine body from beside the prism palace. "Prepare yourself, Oneirophage. Your red planet is about to become much redder."
With a final flick of his tongue, Serpentikal soared away into the cosmos, leaving the Oneirophage to contemplate his wake through the open window. After spending several minutes in rumination, the Oneirophage made his way over to the gorgon heads. The large anaconda had been left behind to serve him as a table, submissive living furniture for him to dine from. With the Umbilicus in hand, the Oneirophage began to suck the dreams from another gorgon's brain. He dreamed of Serpentikal, and of making love to the Constrictress. He then dreamt prophecies of the impending combat. Plunging the straw through the skull of another gorgon and imbibing green dreams, the Oneirophage dreamt that his body parts were all snakes, his head the head of a gorgon, his fingers and toes rattlesnakes, his twin penises a boa constrictor and a cobra, his intestines an anaconda, his tongue a black mamba, his lungs sidewinders, and his circulatory system Serpentikal himself. 
Gathering up four more gorgon heads and carrying them by their ophidian tresses to the bed with him, the Oneirophage lay himself down once again and drank gorgon dreams until he was in a soporific stupor. As he closed his eyes, he saw green darkness instead of black. The last thing he dreamt before falling into a deep slumber was a simultaneous pair of parallel nightmares, one about a spider caught in its own web, and the other of a serpent caught in its own coils, each struggling, contorting, screaming, bleeding, retching, thrashing, twitching, and, ultimately, dying within their own traps.

12

Chariah spent an entire day exploring Phantasmagorika and analyzing his enemy. As twilight finally began to fall, Chariah found himself ascending a long stairway. At the top of the steps was a window facing the descending red sun. The stained glass glowed like Satan's third eye. Chariah gazed through the kaleidoscopic window and watched Tyterviax sink. At the exact moment of sunset, the stairway transformed into a ramp, throwing Chariah off his feet. He tumbled violently down the sheer and slippery length and struck the back of his head upon the floor below. After a few moments, he slowly rose to one knee and shook the pain from his skull. Then the voices came.
Soft and solemn, the voices gradually grew louder and louder, and were soonafter accompanied by the plodding tread of footsteps. Chariah began to follow the voices through the palace. The heavy footsteps, likewise, began to follow him.
"The universe is its own torture chamber...
 Step...
 Echo... 
"It lashes itself with nebulae..." 
Step...
"And infects itself with demons..."
Step...echo...step...echo...step...
Chariah froze in the alcoved hall, gazing back and forth. His eyes flared red with night-vision as he illuminated corners and sifted through shadows. The voices beckoned him like the song of a siren, even as the footsteps of the unseen stalker slowly hunted him from behind. The Necrodelic chased the ephemeral speaker while simultaneously fleeing the plodding pursuer. 
Caught somewhere between the realms of predator and prey, the Necrodelic followed the voices up a spiral rampway. He paused at the top, peering down another corridor. There was silence before him and darkness behind him. On silent feet, Chariah began walking down the hall. 
The footsteps began again. Chariah used his powers of echolocation to try and locate their creator, but found only vertigo in doing so. He peered down the ramp. The alcoves had gone pitch black. Chariah refocused his night-vision, but saw no one. He cast blood-red laser beams from his eyes like crimson searchlights all around. Again, he found nothing. 
The voices began again, from far down the hall. This time, the speaker recited an entire dialogue. 
"The Somniloquist calls you to die. The Somnambulist hungers for flesh. The Somniloquist will sing you a lullaby dirge while the Somnambulist digs your grave. Come to the Somniloquist. Come to the matriarch of death. I will give you the suicide you desire. Succumb to the Somnambulist. You know you wish to be eaten. You remember when you were dead. You want to be dead again." 
 There was silence for many moments, and then the Somniloquist began speaking again in broken fragments. 
"Satan is a voyeur..." 
Chariah followed the echoing words down the hallway 
"Satan is ylem..."
The whispers came now from around the corner at the end of the corridor. 
"Satan is a chronophiliac..." 
Chariah burst into the foyer. There were five open doorways and a pentagram drawn in blood upon the ground. When the voice came again, it seemed as though it came from all five openings, and did not stop, but continued chanting in concentric unison, asking the same question repeatedly as it moved from doorway to doorway in a disorienting, spinning echo. 
"Who..."
"Is..."
"Jh'..."
"A..."
"Vyraa???"
The Necrodelic froze as the voices continued to circle around him, until each doorway was chanting each of the five words simultaneously, like a mantra of death. 
"Who is Jh'a'vyraa?" "Who is Jh'a'vyraa?" "Who is Jh'a'vyraa?" Who is Jh'a'vyraa?" "Who is Jh'a'vyraa?" 
And then the steps began again, from the corridor behind him, at the base of the spiral rampway. Chariah turned around. The creature was ascending to the second story. 
The words began to blur into strange rhythms and sounds around him. 
"Jh'a'vyraa is who?" "Are you Jh'a'vyraa?" "Who are you?" "You are Jh'a'vyraa..." "...but you are no Jh'a'vyraa..." 
Chariah gazed down the hallway he had just traversed. Another step rang like a gong in the darkness. As he started to head back the way he had come, he felt blood drip onto his face and gazed upwards. 
 Dangling from the ceiling was a hanging jungle of severed limbs. Arms and legs were arranged like plants in a topiary, a blossom of death, wreathed in blood that dripped like sap, like pollen, like crimson nectar. The Necrodelic wiped the blood from his face and trod back down the hall. 
The steps echoed from all around, but when he reached the rampway, there was nothing there. The voices, too, had stopped. Chariah descended once more into the main hall, then took a different rampway to the second and third floors of the prism palace. Upon the third floor, the Necrodelic discovered the Oneirophage's drug gardens. Fields of black lotus, bushes full of peyote, towering stalks of opium poppies, streams of nepenthe, and orchards blooming and blossoming with black aphrodisiacs and soporifics the size of skulls. Chariah walked amongst the drug gardens, observing through the greenhouse walls and skylights the starlit darkness of outer space. More than the night skies of Grystiawa, he suspected, were flashing before his crimson eyes. The Necrodelic gazed out for a moment more, then exited the drug gardens into another five-way foyer. 
Another garden of severed limbs dripped blood from above, spattering the pentagram below with ruby dewdrops. Chariah stood in the center of the pentagram, the stained glass gates of the drug gardens swinging shut behind him, and peered down each of the four hallways in turn. The voices began again, followed by the footsteps. 
"Hell is a place inside you..." 
Step... 
"The end of time is a razor's edge..." 
Echo...step...echo...
Chariah chose a hallway and ran down it at full speed. He could hear the voices growing closer now, and the footsteps moving faster behind him. 
"The planes of existence copulate..." 
 The footsteps were loud heartbeats behind him now, the voices a mesmeric siren's song. 
"Love is a slow death.."
Chariah could hear the voices, mere inches away. He ran charged through the darkness and into a sudden dream state, and then he was falling through space, the primordial fear of falling gripping him from within, the dizzying, terrifying sensation of one's astral body falling at light speed and striking the physical flesh like whiplash, over and over again, and then blackness, blindness, nothing. 

*

Chariah awoke upon the floor of the Oneirophage's living art gallery. His senses spun in a few last centrifugal revolutions around the rim of his inner skull, then settled back into their resting places. The Necrodelic found himself amongst hundreds of paintings composed entirely of bodily fluids. The artwork was drawn and colored on canvases of skin and flesh with blood, tears, sperm, venom, sweat, bile, leprosy, necrosis, and liquified organs. The paintings were amalgamations of pornography, sadomasochism, war, and demonography. There was a room filled with abstract mandalas. There was another devoted entirely to sexual torture. Like everything else in Phantasmagorika, the paintings were still wet. 
The gruesome art gallery was a labyrinth unto itself, one which took the Necrodelic several minutes to escape, his crimson eyes observing every glistening masterpiece as he passed. He exited into yet another pentagrammed foyer with five doors and a mass of severed limbs dangling above. He had no idea what part of Phantasmagorika he now inhabited. The fall had been one that included many directions other than down. 
He crept along hallways and rotundas, up rampways and living serpent ladders, and through a myriad of the grisly foyers. The voices and footsteps were still audible, but they seemed now to be far in the distance, the spoken words indecipherable babbling. He discovered locked serpentoriums, brain reservoirs, and multitudinous sleeping chambers, one adorned with beds of nails, one with beds of fire, one with coffins, and one with cocoons. He found a cage of prism marked in ancient runes that read "The Lunatic", and inside was a feral scarlet beast, menstruating from all of its numerous genitalia, both male and female, slavering blood, its bulging eyeballs psychotic, limbs and tentacles thrashing. It had an external circulatory system like Satan himself, and several hearts hanging like scrotums and breasts all over its body. 
Chariah experienced the sudden falls a few more times as well, each time the mysterious steep precipices disguised by mirages and shadows. Every fall took him to another random part of Phantasmagorika, and delivered him unconscious. Chariah had no way of mapping the dream-eater's castle, which very much resembled the drugs of its master. 
The voices and footsteps continued to bait and beckon him, to chase and flee, to stalk and seduce. They had grown closer again, and Chariah found himself once more on the precarious edge of a predator/prey continuum. He decided to stalk the predator, and make the prey hunt him. 
"The night is a womb..." 
Step. 
Chariah crept towards the oncoming footfalls. 
"We are all damned..."
The footsteps grew closer, louder, faster. 
"Suicide, homicide, genocide..." 
The voices grew farther, softer, droning. 
"Matricide, patricide, prolicide..." 
Chariah stopped. The footsteps were coming from behind now. 
"Chronocide, necrocide, Diablocide..." 
He was chasing the voices again. 
"Death is a drug for Satan to dine on, the dark ambrosia of souls. A spirit menagerie in Hell did Satan decree, for Satan is the omniphage and the omniphiliac." 
The footfalls grew louder behind Chariah, heartbeats, then drumbeats, then hoofbeats, then small explosions. The voices were descending upon him, first death-screams, then battle-cries, then dirgelike hymns, then whispered mantras. 
The floor disappeared and Chariah fell through it, the primal fear welling up inside him once again, the hallways and chambers of Phantasmagorika swirling past in centrifugal orbits, his body striking the floor heavily and knocking him unconscious, his astrosome hurtling through time, then striking his flesh once, twice, thrice, each blow a psychic whip, flogging him mind, body, and soul. 

*
  The Necrodelic awoke upon the floor of an empty rotunda. His eyes remained shut as consciousness slowly crept through his flesh. He could hear the voice of the Somniloquist around him, as if in a dream, and the footsteps of the Somnambulist walking towards him, in perfect synchronicity with the slow gong of his heart. 
"In the genesis of the universe we were blessed with Satan's sins. Through time, we nurtured that evil and continued to grow, spreading death throughout the cosmos and spilling enough blood to fill entire galaxies. For decillions of years we have battled, died, and reincarnated on the torture wheel of the samsaric cycle. As the apocalypse approaches, the holocaust is within our grasp. Our demon hands deal genocide as the planes of reality fornicate and time burns to its end. Now, as damnation claims everything that has ever lived, the true Messiah of Death must arise, to torture Satan in his very Hell."
Chariah opened his crimson eyes and gazed upon the two tormented beings looming over him. The Somniloquist's eyes were nailed shut, two long nails driven through her eyelids, from the tops of her eye sockets to the skin at their bottoms. Her lips and cheeks had been ripped back from around her mouth in one circular flap and nailed to her temples, the sides of her neck, and her breastbone. Her crimson jaws were exposed as she spoke, moving up and down, her tongue thrashing like an animal on a leash. The connecting tissues of her upper and lower lips were completely torn. Her cheeks had been slit so that they could be pulled farther back and pinned to her skull behind her ears, which she had torn from her head long ago so that she wouldn't have to listen to her own somniloquies. Her nipples had been severed, and her vagina was nailed shut as well, six nails hammered horizontally through her labia from right to left. 
Conversely, the Somnambulist's mouth had been nailed shut, the tips of the nails jutting like a spiked collar from his lower jaw. His eyes had been nailed open, a ring of eight small nails pinning lower and upper eyelids to the surrounding flesh. A long nail had been driven into each ear, its spike hidden deep inside, its large grey head visible where it filled his entire earhole. His testicles had been nailed together left to right with a single blow. The opening on the tip of his penis had been enlarged by what looked to be the work of a nail and hammer as well, and gaped redly like the mouth of a nightworm. 
Both of them had metal zippers from their groins to their throats, and both had been shaved completely bald, bodies, pubes, and heads alike. The Somnambulist had been given metal claws, driven underneath his fingernails, while the Somniloquist's fingers were permanently splayed by metal wire passed through holes in her fingertips. She had been given one long metal fang, which stretched scythelike to the point of her chin. They were the victims of the Oneirophage's sadistic surgeries, existing in a state of perpetual torment. 
And they were fast asleep. 
The Necrodelic rose to his feet as the two circled him. The male Somnambulist was more aggressive, and attempted to strike first with his prosthetic claws. Chariah guarded himself with his own black talons, which were so sharp that they cut those of the Somnambulist in half when they closed, scissorlike, around them. The Somnambulist unleashed a powerful headbutt next, which staggered the Necrodelic into the waiting clutches of the Somniloquist. Chariah spun as she attempted to bury her single fang in the base of his spine, held her at arm's length when she tried to bury it in his larynx, then caught it between two of his claws when she stabbed it towards his eye, severing it as cleanly as he had her mate's prosthetic talons. The Somnambulist attacked from behind at a diagonal angle while Chariah was engaged with the Somniloquist. Chariah spun quickly with both of his arms extended, simultaneously catching both the Somnambulist and the Somniloquist in the face with slashing blows, backhanding the Somnambulist while striking the Somniloquist in the side of her neck with a ridge-hand chop. The Somniloquist fell to the floor. Chariah continued spinning and backslashed the Somnambulist, this time cutting his head and torso into four pieces. He completed the revolving assault by kneeling as he spun back again, leaving eight quivering leg pieces amongst the rest of the gory wreckage. 
The Somniloquist rose up, lost in another one of her deranged somniloquies. She stood passively, arms at her sides, and spoke. "We are all exhibitionists for Satan. Our souls are fertilizer for Hell. We are all Satan's whores." 
Chariah reached out and grabbed the dangling zipperhead at her throat. Sensing the danger, she began frantically attempting to use sorcery, speaking runes and mantras in her soliloquies, but none of them were coherent, or even resembled actual spells. The Necrodelic yanked the zipper all the way down to her nailed labia. All of her organs spilled out at once, hearts, livers, kidneys, intestines, stomachs, lungs, spleens, pancreases, ovaries, all fell onto the floor with accumulative wet noises. They had been tightly packed into her torso, and most of them were not her own. 
 The Necrodelic stood briefly over the fallen body of the vivisected Somniloquist, then turned to leave the room, only to find himself being clawed at by the amputated arms of the Somnambulist. The Somnambulist's severed head rolled across the ground and began biting at his legs. The other pieces of the Somnambulist's mutilated flesh began  flinging themselves at him as if thrown by unseen hands. Chariah snarled and began slashing at the shrapnel, cutting the Somnambulist into hundreds of pieces. 
Breathing hard from the combat, the Necrodelic stood over the tiny bits of flesh, only to hear the voice of the Somniloquist again, this time a hundredfold. He turned to find that each of her spilled organs had formed a rudimentary mouth with valves and sphincters and other openings, and each was now speaking a somniloquy while her battered head lolled, singing, upon the ground. Chariah went into another rage, dissecting each of her organs into slivers, carving up her entire body, decapitating her and beating her severed head repeatedly against the wall until her skull disintegrated. Her brains liquified and spread in a pool on the floor, leaving her face a gory dead skin mask in his hand. 
The tiny pieces of the Somnambulist were stirring again, writhing around like maggots and cockroaches and launching themselves at him. They stung like hail, raising welts on his body and trying to burrow into his flesh. Enraged, Chariah called forth Hellfire, scorching himself in the process but immolating all the tiny pieces of the Somnambulist. The bloody remnants of the Somniloquist were starting to gibber behind him. Chariah turned and unleashed the Hellfire upon them, too. The flames filled the rotunda, then faded, leaving the Necrodelic ankle-deep in ashes and surrounded by smoke, with open burn wounds covering his body. 
Chariah exited the searing heat of the rotunda. The skin was burned from his left forearm, his right bicep, and part of his chest. Exposed beneath it was crimson blood scorched to blackness, wickedly complementing his naturally black tissue and black muscle, the black wounds of a black soul, already beginning to ooze with black pus. They would heal within an hour. The Necrodelic was practically immune to burns and it was impossible to kill him with heat, flames, or smoke because of his advanced levels of pyromancy and necrodelia. 
He wandered through the prism palace a while longer. Finally, he reached the top floor, where the Oneirophage lurked. Chariah could smell the exposed brains and dreams along with the scent of his nemesis in the bedchamber at the end of the hall. 
The dark cosmos was fading to crimson in the skylights above, as Phantasmagorika was spinning back down through the atmosphere of Grystiawa, to land in some random, dawnlit location upon the planet. The prism palace hit with a jolt, driving its moat and dungeons forcefully, as if by rape, into the ground below. Chariah paused on the way to the Oneirophage's quarters, gazing upwards through the skylights and whistling once, sharply and loudly. He looked out into the morning for a moment longer, and then, satisfied, walked on down the hall. Outside the Oneirophage's bedchamber, he carved a small alcove in the ceiling, then climbed inside it and curled up like a scorpion to await his prey. 

13

The mammoth, atramentous, bestial spaceship hovered in the crimson skies of Grystiawa, sucking up the red rays of Tyterviax like a black hole, reflecting not a single piece of daylight, radiating nothing but midnight darkness and an aura of evil. Unto itself a partial eclipse of the sun, the immense black spaceship lurked in the bleeding stratosphere on hundreds of patiently beating dragon wings, a dark omen beheld by all that inhabited the planet it hung over, waiting to ambush the prone fortress below. Slowly, like a spider upon a single strand of web, the Omnibeast began to lower itself, the eight legs of the Arachniotics, which served as its landing gear, unfolding segment by segment to dangle in the dawn. Shadows fell like bodies across the crimson wastelands, the blood-red plains, the scab-colored moors and dunes and plateaus. Directly below the deathly intergalactic leviathan lay its target, its victim, the prism palace of the Oneirophage, Phantasmagorika. 
The rainbow spectrums of the shimmering castle were unaffected by the bestial spaceship's shadows, and remained glittering and glowing while the areas around it were plunged into darkness. The tentacles of the Omnibeast waved and slithered as it descended upon the fortress, wrapping themselves around parapets and adhering themselves to the palace walls. The eight curved legs of the Arachniotics spread to enfold Phantasmagorika in their grasp, and then the Omnibeast unleashed its dark innards upon the fortress. A mass of black entrails, tongues, veins, arteries, phalluses, umbilical cords, and tentacles spilled wetly across the roof of the prism palace, shattering its skylights and penetrating its inner chambers. Gigantic mouths and vaginas closed around parapets and minarets, suckling and thrusting upon their gleaming phallic forms. Hundreds of lips and labia snarled, growled, dilated, suckled, and salivated. 
 The bestial spaceship nestled atop the Oneirophage's prism palace like a symbiote. The Arachniotics held Phantasmagorika fast with its spider legs, as though it were ravishing the entire palace. The body of the Omnibeast was mounted atop the prone fortress like a giant hermaphrodite rapist. Its four figureheads stretched out to the north, south, east, and west like monstrous sentinels, intently studying the planet. Eight hydra heads thrashed from the roof of the bestial spaceship as though trying to devour the rising Tyterviax. After a few minutes, several streams of blood and sperm began oozing down the walls of the prism palace. The Omnibeast had invaded Phantasmagorika. 
Morpheus Rex awoke to the sight of black tentacles bursting through his open window and squirming through his bedchamber. They were lifting gorgon heads with their prehensile tips, groping through floor and walls, and thrashing on the bed beside him. One of the tendrils was wrapped around his waist, while another encircled his throat. Morpheus Rex stabbed the tentacles with the Umbilicus, lining them with wounds that looked like crimson suckers. The tendril around his neck was strangling him now, lifting and hanging him like a living noose. His freshly transformed legs kicked in mid-air as he struggled to free himself. He clawed at the tentacle and tried to pry it loose. He stabbed it with the Umbilicus, over and over, and then, with a twirl of his fingers, transformed the Umbilicus from a single straw into one with ten tips, increasing its potential for damage tenfold. Blood began to drip down the length of the tentacle as the circular puncture wounds grew exponentially in number. 
The Omnibeast's grip began to loosen in the slick ichor, allowing Morpheus Rex to slip down several inches and sink his fangs into the moist spongy flesh of the tentacular gallows. The long tendril fell instantly in a dead coiled mass to the bed, the body of Morpheus Rex dropping down right beside it.
Morpheus Rex bit and stabbed his way through the tentacles, catching them in his mouth in mid-air and suffusing them with serpent venom, impaling them upon the tips of the Umbilicus. Two of the tentacles were tactilely exploring the Amputator with nerve-sensitive suckers and nerve-clustered tips. The Dreaming Predator stepped to the side of the machine and began turning its giant wheel. Guillotine blades began to fall, over and over, slicing the inquisitive appendages into quivering bloody segments. 
The bedchamber fell silent as the battle ended. The Omnibeast withdrew its poisoned tendrils and bleeding tentacle stumps back through the window. Morpheus Rex surveyed the carnage. The sliced remnants of black tentacles were everywhere, as though the bedchamber had been infested with nightworms. Fresh blood and gore filled the room, adding to the copious quantities already accumulated there throughout the millennia. 
Morpheus Rex twirled the Umbilicus back to a single straw, then stuck it beneath the skin of his left forearm, where he often kept it in a sheath of his own flesh. He looked upon the black mass of living tissue breathing in his window, recognizing it as that of the Omnibeast. A premonition came then, unbidden to his mind, and the Dreaming Predator suddenly realized that the Necrodelic had infiltrated Phantasmagorika. 
He immediately departed the room and headed for the weapons gallery, slamming the door to his bedchamber behind. As he hurried down the hall, he could see the tentacles, entrails, organs, genitals, and eyeballs of the Omnibeast pressed grotesquely against the skylights above, smashed up against the transparent prism ceiling beneath the immense weight of the bestial spaceship. All the way down the hall he could see nothing but the black flesh enwombing his palace, mixing its shadows with the rainbows of his prism walls in an unholy union of color and darkness. 
With the hallway bathed in tenebrous gloom, Morpheus Rex failed to notice the one part of the ceiling that was even blacker than the rest. He passed underneath, oblivious to the presence over his head. As he continued to hurry down the hall, Morpheus Rex did not hear the silent feet of the Necrodelic as the Death Addict dropped down behind him. The Dreaming Predator, in fact, sensed nothing of his stalker until the Necrodelic's black claws raked his chest from behind, pulling him back against the hot body of the death-smoker. 
The tattooed skin of Morpheus Rex's back stuck to the Necrodelic's burn wounds. The Necrodelic buried his talons in the bloody furrows slashed across Morpheus Rex's chest and then, with a single claw, he slit Morpheus Rex's throat like an assassin. Driving his talons still deeper into Morpheus Rex, cutting through ribs and cartilage, the Necrodelic jabbed his fangs into Morpheus Rex's neck. One sharp tooth pierced Morpheus Rex's jugular vein, while the other stabbed through his carotid artery. The Necrodelic began drinking Morpheus Rex's dream-laden blood like a vampire, his claws digging further into his chest as he did so. One razor talon grazed his heart and nicked his aorta, while the others began to make their way through his sternum, solar plexus, and entrails. Morpheus Rex twisted against the fangs of the Necrodelic and the claw which had settled in the crevices between his atria and ventricles. Morpheus Rex was impaled by the circulatory system. His hands, however, were free. He pulled the Umbilicus from the skin of his forearm, raised it to his frothing rainbow lips, and blew. The straw immediately shot out in all directions, arching backwards over his head and burying itself in the Necrodelic's face, skull, neck, and back. 
The myriad tips of the straws embedded themselves in the Necrodelic, and then Morpheus Rex began to suck, imbibing dreams, spinal fluid, and blood. Some of the blood was his own, having already begun circulating through the flesh-smoker's veins and arteries. As Morpheus Rex suckled upon the Necrodelic's bodily fluids, the straws drove even deeper into the demon's black body, loosening his grip upon the Dreaming Predator. Morpheus Rex was able to disengage himself from the Necrodelic's clutches and, with the straws still stuck in the Necrodelic, used the Umbilicus to lift his nemesis into the air and bash him against the walls, floor, and ceiling. He continued to drink the Necrodelic's blood and dreams as he swung him around with the sorcerous straw apparatus. As he attempted to smash the Necrodelic into the ceiling yet again, the Necrodelic flipped over in mid-air and blocked the blow with his clawed feet. Using the ceiling for leverage, he launched himself at Morpheus Rex like a battering ram. He landed atop the Dreaming Predator and knocked him to the floor. 
With straws still sticking from a myriad of bleeding holes in his face, head, neck and back, the Necrodelic pummeled Morpheus Rex with fists like  neutronium hammers, breaking the bones in his face and opening cracks in his skull like those wrought by earthquakes on solid ground, branching out in all directions from the main faultline. 
After beating Morpheus Rex into near-unconsciousness, the Necrodelic stood and loomed over the Dreaming Predator's prone body. Standing with his feet on either side of Morpheus Rex's chest, Chariah's lodged his curled talons in the Dreaming Predator's bloody armpits. Chariah then placed his palms together and turned his hands down, all ten claws joined together to form a single black broadsword. The Necrodelic was poised to deliver the deathblow, to drive all ten claws through Morpheus Rex's throat at once, point first, decapitating the Dreaming Predator. He held his hands at heart-level, as though in upside-down prayer. 
Morpheus Rex watched the tips of the claws gleaming above him. As they started to drop like a two-fisted sword being driven into the ground by its pommel, the Dreaming Predator bit down upon the mouthpiece of the Umbilicus and blew as hard as he could, emptying his lungs into the twisted straws. The air rushed through the myriad tubes and struck the Necrodelic in the chest like a gale force wind, blasting him into the air. As Chariah careened down the corridor his flesh jerked free of the Umbilicus. After he landed, he continued to roll and bounce for several feet before coming to a stop in a pool of his own blood and a bed of his own broken bones, lying in the center of a pentagrammed foyer, a hanging jungle of severed limbs dangling above, seeming to reach for him as he lay there in semi-consciousness.
Morpheus Rex slowly got back to his feet and ran the short distance down the hall to his weapons gallery. He flung open the door and grabbed his Prismsword, Spectrumhammer, and Rainbowspear from their racks. He turned and reentered the bloodstained hallway, but the Necrodelic was gone.
Morpheus Rex raced to the foyer where he had seen the flesh-smoking demon lying in a broken heap. A crimson chiaroscuro etched the shape of the Necrodelic's body in blood upon the pentagram, but of the blood's master there was no sign.
As Morpheus Rex puzzled over the disappearance of the Necrodelic, a huge noise, like an explosion, rumbled and thundered with ear-splitting crashings and unleashed a sonic quake through the air, shaking the very walls around him and jolting Phantasmagorika all the way from its foundation to its highest parapets. Morpheus Rex rushed to a window, but there was nought to be seen through the black flesh of the Omnibeast, which obscured everything and was, itself, quivering with the force of the sound. 
Holding his Prismsword aloft, Morpheus Rex made his way down the rampways of Phantasmagorika, at once searching for the Necrodelic and eager to reach the lower levels of the palace, those which were not usurped by the black body parts of the Omnibeast. The echoes of the earth-shaking noise were sonic booms, and the prism palace continued to vibrate and tremble as Morpheus Rex strode swiftly but cautiously down its stairways and corridors. 
The Dreaming Predator entered the gates of his drug garden and gazed through the transparent greenhouse walls. The back wall was a window to the south, and it was there, in the distance, that Morpheus Rex beheld the source of the thunderous sound. As he did so, he instinctively raised the Prismsword a few inches higher and tightened his grip on the Spectrumhammer, for what he observed upon the Grystiawan plains could mean only one thing.
The war had begun. 

14

The Constrictress soared through space atop a winged serpent. She held the large flying snake within her vast coils in much the same way she held prey or a lover, her emerald and obsidian scales wrapped around his thrice-arched body in continual loops. She controlled the flight of her ophidian steed by applying different levels of pressure with her coils, constricting him more tightly to increase his speed and loosening her grip to slow him down, and steered him by means of an iron choke-collar, leashed to her forked tongue by a single length of chain. The Constrictress reared up over the creature's head like a striking cobra, her massive, elongated arms, which were like boa constrictors unto themselves, coiled at her sides, ready to unleash death in an instant. 
Serpentikal flew at a slower speed behind his mistress and her fleet. The size of a palace, Serpentikal achieved the power of flight through his own psychic force. His elongated neck and gargantuan, hooded head protruded from the front of Serpentopolis, looming over his labyrinthine city/body as he dragged it behind him.  
The front walls of the labyrinth society brimmed with cannons and crossbows to either side of their titanic, living figurehead. Serpentine turrets and parapets encircled the perimeter of the city, and were manned by spitting vipers whose aim and range was such that they could expectorate a stream of venom into the eye of a creature a thousand miles away. 
The fleet of winged serpents and their riders, led by the Constrictress, scouted ahead while Serpentikal slithered through the cosmos, darting in and out and all around the dark voids of space while protecting the walls and the wake of Serpentopolis. Thousands of flying serpents soared and whirred around the battle fortress as the ophidian society traveled across the galaxy. As they reached the orbit of Tyterviax's seventh, outermost planet, a small, frozen ball of ice called Vrisstinoma, the Constrictress sent some of her fleet ahead and circled back to inform Serpentikal that they had entered the Tyterviax system. The great cobra hissed in acknowledgement, his tongue flickering like a bolt of lightning, and shifted the labyrinthine girth of his body towards Grystiawa. The Constrictress sped off again into the distance, swerving around asteroids and hurtling at light-speed towards the crimson star of bleeding light, the suppurating sore upon the cosmos that was Tyterviax.
A few hours later, Serpentikal and his ophidian army loomed in the Grystiawan skies like a new moon. As preparations were made to land, the Constrictress came firing from unseen space to hover on her winged serpent, eye to eye with her colossal lover. 
"My lord," she said, with jaws that hinged and unhinged as she spoke, "Spidratha is descending towards Grystiawa as we speak. My scouts estimate the spider armies will arrive within the next few hours."
"Excellent," hissed Serpentikal. "We shall wait for her here, in Grystiawa's orbit. When the spider palace drops into the system, report to me again. We shall strike first, here, in space. We shall strike suddenly, without warning and with deadly intent." 
"And we shall strike last, my lord," the Constrictress completed the ancient serpent proverb with a seductive reptilian smile, before speeding away again upon her winged snake.
Behind her, the large, hooded head of Serpentikal was relaxed and content, enjoying the calm moments before battle the way a cobra enjoys the silent time before its deadly strike, or a boa constrictor enjoys a slow, weeks-long digestion in the tranquil period following a worthy combat. 

*

The white, shimmering hive of Spidropolis descended through the cosmos upon a single, endless strand of cobweb, stretching into infinity above. Deep inside the spiderwebbed lair, Spidratha sat upon her throne of cadavers, surrounded by three giant tarantulas from her harem and a room full of arachnid strategists and overlords. The queen spoke to her entourage with a voice that scuttled through the air, a long series of the scrapings and rustlings which comprised the spider language. 
"I have positioned the nest directly above Grystiawa. We are descending as we speak, and shall fall into the Tyterviax system within the hour. Once we drop through Grystiawa's atmosphere, we will be landing Spidropolis in whichever mountain range is nearest to Phantasmagorika at that time. I want the mountains immediately covered with webbing, and the spider army ready to march upon the prism palace at my command. And now", Spidratha said, waving three of her arms towards her attendant mates, "I wish to be alone with my husbands. I must prepare myself for the battle to come." 
Upon these words, every spider except the three tarantulas departed the queen's chamber. Her two eight-legged sentinels spun a mass of solid webbing in the entrance tunnel, to give their mistress the solitude she required. Spidratha reached forward and grabbed the first tarantula with one hand. She placed him between her knees, whereupon he slowly crawled up her thighs and nestled over her black vagina, obscuring its entrance and looking as though he had become a prosthetic vagina for his queen in the process. He pumped his seed into the queen's cloaca, his eight legs stiffening like those of a corpse. Spidratha screeched with orgasm, and as she reached her climax. she brought one of her arms down like a spear upon her lover, impaling him through the back. Her appendage bore straight through her lover's body and tore through his abdomen, then, likewise, traveled between Spidratha's thighs and into her vagina alongside his turgid phallus. Moaning, Spidratha moved her arm up and down, masturbating with her black appendage even as it impaled her mate. She dragged her spider arm through her lover and her own genitalia simultaneously, squealing as she reached a second climax. When she stopped, the spider in her lap had died, perished at the exact same moment when he, too, had reached a second mutual orgasm. Spidratha raised her bloody arm to her fanged mouth with her dead lover still skewered upon it, then began chewing his flesh off, rotating his dead body slowly, crunching each of his legs between her teeth one by one, devouring him entirely, leaving her with blood dripping from her mandibles and a spider arm tipped in vivid crimson. 
Spidratha took another tarantula upon her bloody lap. As the male furiously copulated with his queen, she pounded his back with her six arms, raining blows repeatedly until her arachnid mate lay torn and dripping, eventually hammering his entire body past her labia and into her vagina as she achieved orgasm. She reached a bloody arm down and pushed him farther through her cloaca, through her spinnerets, through her egg sac, through her intestines, and into her stomach, where he would be digested alive with the remnants of the first tarantula, which were just now beginning to rain down into the steaming acid lake from the dark tube above. 
Spidratha's arm was sunk to the hilt in her vagina, thrust all the way up into her digestive system. When she removed it, it was coated in blood and wreathed with spiderwebs. With this appendage, she grabbed her final tarantula lover by his thin tufts of brown hair and held him up to her lips. She kissed him, and when she did so, he could taste the other two spiders who had copulated and perished before him in her hot breath. 
Releasing her lips from her mate, Spidratha dragged him down her torso, between all eight of her breasts, running his body along the erogenous zone that was her red hourglass marking. She rubbed him up and down upon the crimson hourglass until she was in an orgasmic frenzy, then dropped the tarantula into her wet and waiting lap, where he spent his seed immediately into her vagina as she attained orgasm with him simultaneously. 
After a few moments of heavy breathing, Spidratha lifted her final lover of the evening by the fur once again. This time, she did not devour her mate raw, but placed him in a boiling cauldron beside her throne. As the tarantula was boiled alive, Spidratha added several drugs to the concoction, drugs that would heighten her senses and make her more formidable and bellipotent during the imminent warfare. She cooked the drugs together with the tarantula, his moist, softened flesh absorbing the stimulants and analgesics into his body. She withdrew the limp, wet spider meat from the cauldron and sprinkled a powdered psychedelic seasoning upon it. The drug, known as spiderdust, was made from mosquitoes that had siphoned the blood of manticores, tapeworms that had infested the entrails of basilisks, maggots that had eaten from the corpse of a dragon, and those rarest of all flies that carried malaria, bubonic plague, gonorrhea, and psychosis simultaneously. 
 The powder was only effective upon arachnids, and was deadly to anything else. For Spidratha, it was an enlightening psychedelic which she ingested before every battle. With one gulp, she devoured the pulpish, drugged remnants of the tarantula, now pliant as mushrooms in her mouth. The drugs went to work instantaneously. Spidratha was ready for genocide. 

*
 
The Constrictress had caught two of the first winged spider scouts in her long arms and was sadistically squeezing the life from their bodies, their blood dripping into the cold void of space while she laughed. She called to members of her fleet to report back to Serpentikal, then released the pulped arachnid corpses and flew off upon her winged serpent. Soon after, she had two more of the flying tarantulas in her grasp, their wings beating frantically as she crushed them with her rippling serpent muscles. Others of the serpent fleet had engaged the flying spiders as well, and the sights and sounds of battle soon filled the cosmos of the Tyterviax system. 
Winged tarantulas were being struck by cobra warriors, bitten by rattlesnake gladiators, and crushed by anaconda warlords. Serpents, likewise, were being strangled and hung by nooses of spiderweb, bitten by venomous fangs which paralyzed them or wracked them with intense burning agony, and spun in cocoons of cobwebs that incapacitated them and left them vulnerable to murder. 
The spiderwebbed spaceship was descending into sight, even as Serpentikal loomed into view on a perpendicular path of destruction. Crossbows and cannons were fired, sending suicide serpents into the hive, where they impaled spiders with their very bodies, or latched onto them with their fangs as they collided, releasing their deadly venom. Others exploded upon contact, tearing rifts in the gossamer spun hull of the Spidropolis and blowing huge holes in the webbed hive. Spidratha shot from an opening at the top of the hive to float into battle. Empowered by spiderdust, she had the psychic capabilities of flight within the vacuum of outer space. She shot spiderwebs from all eight limbs, striking serpents and their steeds in the head, shattering their skulls and breaking their necks, leaving the riders to die with their brains dripping over their flying serpents, or careen out of control on the corpses of their beasts until striking other objects in deadly collisions. Spidratha used spiderwebs like whips, lashing serpents in the face, clotheslining them off their steeds to fall into the atmosphere of Grystiawa and die upon striking the ground. The arachnid queen flailed away with all eight spiderlegs, her webbing so strong and fast that it could impale or decapitate her victims. The tide of battle quickly turned, and Spidratha made her way toward a confrontation with Serpentikal. 
The Constrictress intercepted her on her winged serpent. Giant coils and spiderwebs met in the void of space. They pulled at one another in a deadly contest of strength, Spidratha trying to reel in the Constrictress and her steed. The Constrictress battled back, straining with the effort. She squeezed her winged serpent around the ribcage, spurring him to charge towards the giant spider demoness. The winged serpent bashed Spidratha with his head and gnawed at her eight breasts. The Constrictress tried to free her arms from the grip of the spiderweb, but the powerful unguents prevented her from doing so. 
Spidratha released another strand of spiderweb, this one wrapping itself around the throat of the Constrictress like a sticky noose. The titanic arachnid jerked the boa combatrix back and forth, trying to break her neck, then trying to strangle her to death. Finally, she unleashed yet another strand of spiderweb, ensnaring the Constrictress by the tail. With each spiderleg gathering up the slack webbing and stretching the Constrictress like a torture rack, Spidratha attempted to pull the Constrictress apart. The Constrictress' arms pulled out of their sockets with two loud pops, and her spine slowly bent until it was on the verge of snapping. 
Just before Spidratha broke the Constrictress' back, Serpentikal flew in at light speed with a cobra strike, knocking Spidratha backwards, her eight legs thrashing as she spun out of control. He bit through his lover's bonds with his giant fangs, then took her inside his mouth for protection. 
Spidratha recovered, and this time she released a strand of spiderweb not only from all eight appendages, but from all eight breasts, her eight red eyes, her mouth, her vagina, and her cloaca. Each wrapped around Serpentikal's mighty neck, but Spidratha knew better than to try to strangle him. Instead, she chose to use his weight against him, and, using the twenty-seven strands of spiderweb like a giant harness, began dragging Serpentikal and his labyrinthine coils into the atmosphere of Grystiawa.
The mighty Serpentikal strained against the strength of Spidratha, but his forward momentum betrayed him. Once the Spidropolis dropped into view, Spidratha attached herself to her hive and pulled the giant cobra and his entire Serpentopolis down with her. They fell into the morning skies, ripping through crimson clouds, hurtling towards the maroon surface. Mountain ranges pricked into view, followed by the shimmer of Phantasmagorika. Soon, they could make out the little creatures in the badlands beneath, running to escape the fortress falling from the vermilion firmament. 
Spidratha disengaged all twenty-seven ropes of spiderweb at the last possible moment, riding the exterior of her hive as it drifted towards the nearby mountain range. Behind her Serpentikal and his labyrinthine coils struck the ground with titanic force, setting off sonic booms and shaking the planet like an earthquake. 
She looked back to see Serpentikal spitting up blood, huge gobbets of plasma that formed scarlet oases wherever they fell upon the crimson wastelands. He was alive, but injured, with no doubt many a broken bone and bruised organ. More importantly, though, was the carnage undoubtedly unleashed within the Serpentopolis, like a civilization beset by earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, tsunamis, volcanoes, or any other number of natural disasters. Many of the warriors had assuredly been killed or injured during the cataclysmic impact with Grystiawa. Their weaponry had no doubt been damaged and their supplies scattered and depleted in the fall, their snakepits caved-in and their homes demolished, burying yet more victims in the debris and rubble.
As the spiderweb hive settled into a valley of the mountain range, Spidratha scuttled along its woven exterior and back towards the insides of her lair along one of its many ziggurats, each step bearing her deeper within. As she crept along the ziggurat, Spidratha smiled to herself. Already she and her spiderkind had the advantage in the battle against the Oneirophage and Serpentikal. Spidratha crawled inside her hive with a satisfied look upon her grotesque visage. It was the exact same facial expression she had displayed in the postcoital moments immediately following orgasm with her sacrificial mates, the malevolent duality of a demoness simultaneously satiated and starving.

15

Morpheus Rex stood side by side with the Constrictress in Serpentikal's mouth, watching Spidratha and her arachnid army approach. Giant arachnisauruses, over fifty feet tall and twice as long, came on eight pillared legs that were more like those of a dinosaur than a spider. Their large mouths were filled with fangs the size of broadswords, and their tails ended in deadly morning stars the size of wrecking balls. They bore hundreds of sapient spiders upon their broad, saddled backs, hominid arachnids that walked on two legs like Spidratha, though much smaller, carrying all sorts of weapons in their six arms, from swords and axes to maces and warhammers. Tarantulas and violin spiders the size of hounds ran like wolves alongside, their mandibles slavering with battle-lust. Six-legged spidaurs, like arachnid centaurs, rode with them as well, their right arms brandishing the same weapons as their kindred, their left hands holding either spears or quarterstaffs. Underfoot and often getting crushed were smaller spiders of every species in the universe. Behind them marched the long-legged Sentinel Spiders, Spidratha's personal guard, whose elongated appendages made them the swiftest of the arachnids. Their long, slender legs culminated in a central torso, from which arose the chest, arms, and head of a male spider warlord bearing either a two-handed broadsword, a crossbow, or a morning star and shield. In their midst, surrounded on all sides, were the elite Black Widow Amazons, which resembled lesser versions of Spidratha, with only two breasts. They bore weapons dipped in their own personal venom, from which one blow was usually fatal. 
Above the Black Widow Amazons loomed Spidratha herself, looking like the mother of death. Her eight breasts were battle-swollen upon her chest, her hourglass so crimson it throbbed. She walked on her two lower limbs with a bow-legged gait, dripping acid and spiderwebs from her vagina. Her lower left arm held a net made of spiderweb; her central left arm wielded a whip made of spiderweb; and her upper left arm carried a large broadsword wrapped in barbed wire made from spiderweb. All three of her right arms grasped the long handle of an enormous pike, whose staff touched the ground when she walked. Its enlarged adamantium tip was a nightmare of spikes, eight evenly ringed rows protruding in all eight directions. A total of sixty-four spikes Spidratha held aloft on the war-pike, whose iron head was almost as big as hers. 
The crimson desert was thick with warriors. The forces of Spidratha poured from the mountains across the badlands, rapidly approaching Phantasmagorika, where the snake army of Serpentikal stood poised to meet them. The serpent warriors represented the deadliest of the species. Their appearance resembled that of the Oneirophage, having evolved in a similar manner from vipers, crotalids, and constrictors into their current state of genetic superiority, while retaining the traits of the various species of serpent from which they were descended. Their bottoms were ophidian tails, while their torsos, chests, and heads were demonic, and each bore prehensile arms to fight with. A retinue of these erectly slithering snake demons, a brigade of hominid cobras, rattlesnakes, black mambas, boa constrictors, and anacondas, made up the front lines of the serpent army. Their chests were criss-crossed with bandoliers full of projectiles, and similar belts around their waists bore daggers and swords in snakeskin sheaths and scabbards. Their hands gripped various types of longswords, lances, spears, hatchets, double swords, and morning stars. Some rode upon giant two-headed snakes, cutting a swath through the sands, while entire artilleries were mounted in one long row along immense sidewinders. Naga and gorgon warriors and lamia gladiatrixes ran with shields in one hand and weapons in the other. Suicide serpents were already being launched from parapets and battle turrets that rolled from gateways in Serpentikal's coils onto the fields of war. Serpentikal loomed over all, discussing strategy with Morpheus Rex and the Constrictress while the fisticuffs began to rage below. He had assured the Dreaming Predator that his injuries from the fall were not severe, and would not factor in the outcome of the battle. 
Serpents and spiders poured around Phantasmagorika, which became the initial line of attack. The snake warriors were throwing ouroboroses, living serpents biting their own tails, at the species of spider demons which possessed protruding heads. The serpents landed like lassoes around their necks, then proceeded to devour their own tails even further, thus strangling their victims. Several of the hominid sentinels were felled this way, as well as a few Black Widow Amazons. Serpentikal himself spat larger versions of these weapons, ouroboroses of anacondas and boa constrictors, which he shot over the heads of arachnisauruses. Their heads were so large that the anacondas and boa constrictors served as garrotes rather than nooses, squeezing their skulls tighter and tighter until their heads burst and their brains exploded all over the battlefield. Many were killed and injured, as well, when the colossal, headless beasts toppled heavily to the ground.
The spider forces, meanwhile, were casting spiderweb nets, capturing serpent warriors and dragging them into their midst, where they gathered in a circle around them and struck at them in enraged mobs, beating and slashing them to death. As some of the serpents began to infiltrate the arachnid ranks, they found themselves suddenly sinking into the desert as if quagmired in quicksand, thrashing and flailing as they tried to escape before being pulled down into hidden dens, where they were killed and eaten by trap-door spider demons. The well-concealed pits had been laid out all over the desert like land mines, and claimed the lives of many a serpent warrior. 
The Oneirophage and the Constrictress had joined the fray now. The Constrictress broke bones in her twin coils, her elongated arms shooting out and wrapping around everything in sight. She even snapped the legs of arachnisauruses in her powerful appendages, her muscles rippling beneath her shimmering snake skin. Her coils cracked spines, broke necks, and strangled countless victims. She used her boa constrictor arms like garrotes, as well, exploding heads with even more force and velocity than the ouroboroses launched from Serpentikal's mouth. 
The Oneirophage fought alongside the Constrictress, his Prismsword and Spectrumhammer shining in the crimson sun. The razor-sharp laser beams cut the legs out from under giant tarantulas and spidaurs, and cut the heads off of Sentinel Spiders and Black Widow Amazons. He swung the two weapons masterfully, and every remaining arachnisaurus was drawn and quartered before the spider forces even realized they were under assault from the deadly beams. Huge heads and entire flanks fell to either side as the arachnisauruses were dissected and sliced apart, left laying in the sands like gargantuan pieces of meat, raw and red and precisely carved. 
Spidratha was trapping warriors by the hundreds in her battle net, like a titanic retiarius, dragging them back toward her body in a tangle of struggling arms and legs, and then laying into them with her giant pike. Her whip lashed out at flying serpents that attempted to attack from the skies, killing them all with one blow. She made her way rapidly through the carnage to Phantasmagorika, cutting a path of death through the desert. 
Serpentikal had started forth immediately after the Oneirophage and the Constrictress had leapt from his mouth. He dragged his immense body behind him, rolling over the wounded and the crippled, grinding their bones to dust beneath his girth. His powerful lungs blew sandstorms at the enemy, leaving many blinded and vulnerable, to die moments later. At times he would vomit cataracts of acidic venom onto the battlefield, disintegrating the enemy forces and many of his own soldiers as well. He dragged himself across the desert to Phantasmagorika, reaching the prism palace at the same time Spidratha did. 
Atop Phantasmagorika, the Omnibeast lay in wait for anything foolish enough to fly near it. It defended itself from stray projectiles when necessary, but mostly seemed content to just observe the warfare below like a voyeur. The Overdragon, War Mantis, Scythetooth, and Darkworm were all spectators to the carnage, poised high above most of the action. As the remaining survivors of both parties regrouped, however, the Omnibeast became the center of attention. Chariah, the Death Addict, the Necrodelic, emerged into the crimson sun from the roof of the bestial spaceship, standing atop the head of one of his long-necked Hydratowers, high above the battlefield. He stood silently, his silhouette an imposing figure, his dark aura a palpable force in the air. Everything stopped around him, the entire war came to a halt, as everyone gazed upwards upon the alpha demon. 
Chariah's crimson eyes were focused directly upon Serpentikal as he rode the skull of the Hydratower high into the air. Serpentikal attempted to hypnotize Chariah. Chariah, in turn, used his eye contact as a weapon against the ophidian behemoth. Serpentikal began to bleed from the eyeballs and, cursing, tore his gaze away from the Necrodelic, shaking blood from his eyes like teardrops. He blinked away the crimson, and then sought the eyes of the Necrodelic once again. Chariah held both hands out to the side now, palms up, claws splayed. Serpentikal tried to hypnotize him again. The Necrodelic was unreadable, his face expressionless, a mask of black patience. Serpentikal's eyes began to burn in their sockets. Wisps of smoke trailed from the corners of his eyelids. 
The First Serpent became enraged. In less than a nanosecond, he unleashed his cobra strike. His humongous head hurtled towards the Necrodelic at light speed, his fangs bared to impale the little demon where he stood. Even faster than Serpentikal, the Necrodelic leaped into the air, out from the Omnibeast in a deadly arch across the desert skies at the speed of thought, the incomprehensible speed of necrodelic thought, of pure, enlightened evil. He joined all ten of his razor-sharp claws to form one giant black Hellsword. As he soared through the desert sky, he brought the Hellsword back over his shoulders, then swung with full strength for Serpentikal's throat. For one brief moment his ten claws sorcerously elongated, until each extended well over a hundred feet in length, soldered together into a single, devastating blade, as surely as if they were composed of adamantium tempered in the forges of Gehenna. While thusly amplified, the conjoined claws passed through the colossal cobra's neck, leaving behind a wound so straight and thin, so precise and surgical, that for several seconds it barely even bled. As Chariah continued to soar through the air over the labyrinthine Serpentopolis, blood trailing from his whistling claws, which had returned to their normal size, the head of Serpentikal began to slip and slide upon its own neck. For one eternal instant, his head hovered there on a razor's edge of blood, precariously balanced upon a narrow red laceration that seemed no wider than a vein or artery, and then, suddenly, it was falling through the air, slowly, as if in a dream. The blood-stopping screams of the Constrictress tore the still air. The severed head of Serpentikal crashed into the Serpentopolis, slaying thousands of snake demons and crushing large pieces of his own labyrinth. Serpentikal had been decapitated by the Hellsword of the Necrodelic. 
Somewhere, in the midst of Serpentikal's death-spasming coils, his broken labyrinth, his ruined civilization, his fallen society, the Necrodelic had dropped as silently as an assassin. For now, Chariah had disappeared, but only in the eyes of the onlookers, for his image had been indelibly burned into their brains and their souls, and no matter where he was, or what they were doing, they still saw him, and would continue to see him, eternally, mercilessly, a living nightmare, even after they had died and their spirits were being tortured in Hell. 
The Constrictress lay sobbing by Serpentikal's severed head, bent over with grief, her powerful coils slack with despair. Around her, all of the serpent demons were retreating into Serpentopolis. Morpheus Rex continued the battle, beating giant tarantulas into the ground, carving up spidaurs, and then decimating everything else until just he and Spidratha stood upon the battlefield. 
She cast her net towards him. It fell heavily around him, as solid as adamantium even though it was made from spiderweb. She assaulted him with her giant whip, opening gaping wounds where she could catch his flesh exposed in the mesh of the battle-net. She drew Morpheus Rex to her, dragging him across the corpse-strewn ground. 
The Dreaming Predator fought his way free of the battle net, only to be struck forcefully in the side by the full brunt of the spiked war-pike. Spidratha aimed her barbed wire-wrapped broadsword at his head. He blocked it with his Prismsword, then swung his Spectrumhammer in an uppercut towards her crotch, bludgeoning her vagina and thorax. She jabbed her pike at him as he ran between her legs, then caught him with a double-jointed backhanded blow of her blade while he simultaneously thrust the Prismsword into her back. The barbed wire caught at Morpheus Rex's flesh even as the blade tore into his skull. When Spidratha swung the blade back, the barbed wire ripped out pieces of Morpheus Rex's skin and hair. Spidratha turned, and swung her pike in a high overhanded arc. Morpheus Rex again darted between her legs, but this time her cloaca released a mass of sticky spiderweb, catching him completely within its viscous clutches. He writhed on the sand like an invertebrate, unable to get to his feet with the web clinging to every part of his body, wrapping him in a cocoon of bondage. 
Spidratha poked her pike into the net, lifting the spiderweb and her prey by the crossed mesh of her secretions. Morpheus Rex was forced into a fetal position by the tight clutches of webbing. Spidratha raised him to her crotch, and then began masturbating with her captured prey, shoving his entire body between her labia and in and out of her womb. Morpheus Rex fought the entire time, sinking fangs full of venom into her vaginal walls, severing one of her clitorises with an awkward swipe of his Prismsword, clawing at her insides with his long fingernails and then driving the Umbilicus into her organs as well. The pain only seemed to heighten her sexual enjoyment, and Spidratha began to tremble with mighty, bloody orgasms, shuddering with small sensual explosions. 
She dragged the netted Morpheus Rex dripping from her womb and raised him, spiderwebs, weapons, and all, to her mandibles. Her mouth opened to devour him, the same way she devoured all her lovers, but something caught her glassy eyes, and she hesitated. In the distance, Chariah had emerged from the Serpentopolis, holding the Constrictress over his head. As Spidratha watched, the Necrodelic began to bend and twist the ophidian virago in his hands, breaking her arms and snapping her spine. 
"You have served me well, demon," spake Spidratha. "Together we have conquered the serpent race." 
Chariah did not respond, but continued folding the still-living Constrictress, her bones breaking loudly, her vertebrae exploding. 
"I will take you for my lover, Necrodelic." 
Violently wrenching the body of the Constrictress into sharply pointed angles, splintering her skeleton into several pieces, the Necrodelic replied, "And devour me, like all the rest."
"Thee I shall spare. We will rule the universe together. As soulmates, we will become the Jh'a'vyraa. I will sacrifice anything to possess you. I will give you sexual pleasures undreamt of. I will give you anything you desire, anything in the entire universe. Tell me, sweet demonling, what it is that you desire?" 
Chariah manipulated the decimated body of the Constrictress like an invertebrate in his fists, grasping her by the head and twisting her one last time. He slowly held the Constrictress up to his face with both hands. He had sculpted her into a living pentagram. Her eyes were wild with agony and necrophobia, knowing her demise was imminent. 
"Fire," he finally replied, blowing a jetstream of flames through the living pentagram of the Constrictress, unleashing a tsunami of fire the likes of which had never been seen beyond Hell. Amplified by the sorcery of the living pentagram, the inferno reached thousands of feet into the skies and miles into the distance. It tore through Spidratha, blowing her eight legs asunder, disintegrating her abdomen and thorax, lifting her head high into the air on a giant crest of flames where it all at once blackened, shriveled, and exploded. Her dying shriek pierced the entire planet, was heard in distant solar systems, and would continue to echo until the end of the universe in certain black holes. 
Chariah cast the deformed, scorched corpse of the Constrictress to the ground. For a moment he reveled in the familiar euphoria of pyromania and the newfound ecstasy of betrayal. He then ran back toward Phantasmagorika and his spaceship perched thereon, yelling "Drakhus" as he did so, for there was little time before the Hell he had unleashed would incinerate and then detonate the entire planet. Already the mountain ranges in the near distance had been leveled. The long tongue of the Overdragon reached down and bore its master up. A few moments later, the Omnibeast began to detach and disengage itself from the Prism Palace, preparing to launch itself into space.
As the Omnibeast began to lift into the sky, Morpheus Rex slowly crawled out of the Darkprism. The sable pendant had fallen to the ground as Spidratha was blown apart, and the Dreaming Predator had hidden himself within its depths a mere instant before. The flames of Hellfire were still raging, a gargantuan tsunami that would circumnavigate the entire planet within minutes. He drenched himself in his own venom to protect himself from the roiling fire and its blistering heat, then did his best to extinguish the flames around him by blowing through the Umbilicus, cutting himself a safe path to Phantasmagorika. He ran across the drawbridge and through the heliotropic gates, hoping that his breeding sorceries had worked. 
Morpheus Rex tore through the palace, making his way towards its central chamber. If the chamber had metamorphosed into a cockpit, he would survive. If it had not, he would perish in Hellfire. Throwing open the door, Morpheus Rex stepped into the room. There was an oracle on the ceiling. There was a bed upon the floor. And there were umbilical cords reaching out from the circular walls. His breeding sorceries had worked. He had successfully used the Omnibeast to impregnate and fertilize the prism palace. Phantasmagorika was pupating, and would soon evolve into a living, saurian spaceship. 
He gazed into the oracle on the ceiling and watched the tsunamis of fire overwhelm the twilit Grystiawan horizons, cresting and falling and rising again, sending billowing black cumulus smoke all the way into outer space. As he watched Tyterviax set for the final time, he transformed once again into the Oneirophage. Using the umbilical cords attached to his body, he invaded the Omnibeast above with Phantasmagorika's tentacles, wriggling into the black flesh of the vessel like gargantuan larvae, hopelessly knotting and tangling them with the bestial spaceship's Arachniotics, entrails, and genitalia, and thus forcing it to carry Phantasmagorika into outer space along with it. After a brief hesitation, during which the Necrodelic had, undoubtedly, assessed the situation and realized he had no alternative, the Omnibeast launched into the atmosphere, lifting Phantasmagorika from its chasm and into the air. Gargantuan, newborn butterfly wings emerged from four corners of the prism palace's outside walls, helping to carry the castle into the sky. 
The Oneirophage watched Grystiawa pass by in his oracle. He saw below the rising palace the dead bodies of Serpentikal and the Constrictress. Though the maze city itself was in need of much reparation, the labyrinthine coils of Serpentikal were still largely intact, while Serpentikal's head had been cleanly severed, and could be easily reattached and reanimated. Yes, the Oneirophage decided, Serpentikal would make a nice figurehead for his pupating spaceship. 
He held the Darkprism up to the oracle, sucking Serpentikal, labyrinth, snake demons and all, into its infinite depths. He absorbed the singed and broken, pentagram-twisted corpse of the fallen Constrictress as well. She had appeared in several of his wet dreams in the past, sexual fantasies he would like to transform into realities, and he was not averse to necrophilia. 
  As Phantasmagorika lifted into space, the Oneirophage watched the flames consume Grystiawa below. He saw the Hellfire summoned by the Necrodelic light the planet like a small star, then watched Grystiawa explode like a supernova. He watched as the red lights of Tyterviax turned inwards, and the sun he had watched rise and set his entire life collapsed into a black hole. He lay there for several minutes, in silent meditation, and then slipped into the astral plane.
  
16

The freshly murdered spider queen crawled towards Hell along her silver cord, and the dreaming slayer serpent followed. Spidratha had abandoned her upright, bow-legged gate to crawl through the astral plane on all eight legs, like a common spider, humiliated, defeated, beaten into submission. The Oneirophage, seeking one last domination, one final degradation of the spider queen before her soul descended to Hell, launched his astral body at her spirit, intercepting her with such force that it sent them both ricocheting across entire galaxies. The violent collision broke three of Spidratha's legs and left them dangling at grotesque angles, whipping around as they sped through the voids, but never snapping off. A fourth leg impaled the Oneirophage through the palm, and its lower half twitched where it emerged in a crimson spray on the back of his hand. At the moment the Oneirophage had made contact, Spidratha had sunk her pincers into his guts, where one had broken off and lay entrenched in a coil of entrails. The Oneirophage, meanwhile, grabbed the arachnid succubus by the head with one hand, driving his thumb through several of her black ommatidia, shattering them like fragile obsidian, to fall in ebony shards through the cosmos below. He hooked his thumb into the pulp of her brain, digging out a fingerhold within the bleeding tissue. Gripping Spidratha thusly from the inside, and by the dark fur of her neck and shoulders on the outside, the Oneirophage rode beneath her, dominating her as though she were his submissive demonsteed. With her breasts striking him in the face as they swung pendulously back and forth, and her red hourglass filling his kaleidoscopic vision, the Oneirophage rode Spidratha across the cosmos, hanging on to her underbelly as she scuttled like some mutant offspring or giant parasite through the astral plane, trailing free-floating ribbons of blood in their wake. 
Struggling for position, the Oneirophage mounted Spidratha in a grotesque upside-down parody of bestial rape, even as the spider demoness released her venom into his carotid artery. The poison only served to heighten the Oneirophage's dream-drugged state, to further enhance his consciousness and his oneiromantic powers. With the crimson of blood and the clear runnels of venom dripping from their entangled, flying bondage, the Oneirophage and Spidratha hurtled through the universe. They passed through an entire solar system as the Oneirophage swung his Prismsword, leaving behind it a rainbow millions of miles long. Its edge passed through Spidratha's silver cord of spiderweb, severing their connection to the fabric of space and time and sending them spinning in chaotic revolutions through the atmosphere of a planet's astral body. 
They struggled for position as they fell, each gaining the upper position three times as they hurtled downwards. Spidratha's broken legs snapped where they had been fractured, and fell alongside them in the streaming cloud of blood and gore which accompanied their plummeting combat. As they neared the planet's surface, gravity pulling them in greedily like some titanic necrophage, Spidratha assumed the dominant position for the fourth time, seeking now to trap the Oneirophage against her hairy, eight-breasted, red-hourglassed underbelly. Her remaining pincer had the Oneirophage impaled through the roof of his mouth, and did not relent even as his three forked tongues shattered her remaining eyes. The Oneirophage thrashed in Spidratha's grip as the ground drew ever closer. Spidratha used her remaining legs to impale him through his lower back, two of them simultaneously skewering his kidneys as well, her legs passing through his body and then into her own, holding him fast as they plummeted. As the Oneirophage writhed against his captor, he managed to free his sword hand. He swung the Prismsword at the giant spider, slashing her entire left flank apart, but was unable to loosen her grasp or reverse his position. With his prismatic eyes, he looked down. They were within seconds of striking the planet. With one last muscle-tearing wrench of his arm, he brought the Prismsword around his back and plunged it beneath his own ribs. A second later, the Oneirophage and the spider hit the pulverizing ground of the planet.
The Prismsword impaled the Oneirophage through the back. It had been positioned along his right side to miss his spine, and more importantly, his heart. The Prismsword did not, however, miss the heart of Spidratha. As chitinous body armor shattered and fell like breaking glass around them, the Prismsword clove directly through the center of the spider demoness's heart. Blood exploded. Spidratha slid down the razor edges of the blade at light speed, severing the breast over her heart and further lengthening her own wound as the sword widened toward its hilt. As her three severed legs fell to the ground with tinkling sounds beside them, Spidratha heaved, vomiting blood and venom into the Oneirophage's face, and discharged her remaining coils of spiderweb in one gigantic, bloodstained, gore-strewn labyrinth. 
The Oneirophage's battered body was trapped beneath the tonnage of Spidratha, but more importantly, she was impaled upon his Prismsword, paralyzed, trapped, as helpless as her myriad victims had been within her webs over the eons, as subjugated as all the former lovers she had raped and then devoured. The Oneirophage squirmed painfully beneath his defeated prey. His right arm, still clutching the hilt of the Prismsword, was pinned behind his back. His elbow was shattered, and jagged bones were ripping through his flesh and into the dirt below. His ribs were broken, his skull split, his pelvis pulverized. He still had a spider leg stuck through his left hand like a spear, and a pincer buried somewhere in his chaotically disarranged guts. The other pincer had severed his carotid artery upon impact, which now spurted blood in crimson arches up to ten feet in the distance. The vomited venom was eating his face like acid, and he was blinded with eye sockets full of spider blood. 
Empowered by this world of astral agony, for pain was another one of his lairs, the Oneirophage spoke a single, musical word of sorcery. At his call, the Umbilicus came alive in his hands, forming labyrinths of tubes that stuck out in all directions around his body, cauterizing his wounds and mending his bones. The Oneirophage then used it like a straw to drink the dreams from Spidratha's ruined head and gaping, dripping injuries, renewing his strength and repairing his broken body with the sorcery of the psychedelic dreams on which he depended. Like a vampire, he imbibed life for himself from the death of his victim. Within minutes, the Oneirophage was once again at full power. Then, the ritual began. 
The Oneirophage bade the Umbilicus to metamorphose again. It changed to a giant needle in his hand. Their bodies still impaled together by the Prismsword, the Oneirophage plunged the Umbilicus into Spidratha's red hourglass marking, sucking it from her flesh as though removing it with a scalpel. The Oneirophage then plunged the red-tipped needle into his left, spider-tattooed hand. The large needle hummed and vibrated, and when he removed the Oneirophage had a crimson hourglass tattooed upon his palm. 
He penetrated the remains of Spidratha's astral body again, loading the needle with her blood, brains, venom, hormones, webbing, and dreams, and then imbuing his left hand with the bodily fluids and substances. Partaking of Spidratha until his entire left hand was midnight black, until his left hand bore pincers and dark fur, venomous fangs and a spider-web producing abdomen, the Oneirophage's left hand was sorcerously transformed into a living black widow. Where before he had borne a lifeless tattoo, he now adorned a wriggling, venomous, conscious familiar, a sentient spider gauntlet. The Oneirophage used the Umbilicus to gather up what remained of Spidratha's eyes, and tattooed them upon his knuckles. The black widow writhed and wriggled at the end of his arm as the power of sight was bestowed upon it. The Dreaming Predator gathered up the trio of severed legs that had fallen around them, severing and then inserting their tips into the flesh upon the sides of his hand like thin daggers. Within seconds, they twitched with renewed vigor, renewed life. Now, with his new eight-fingered hand, he broke the tips off of Spidratha's remaining five appendages, and one by one, plunged his fingers into their wet, dripping, scarlet ends, adorning them like a gruesome glove.
Once joined to his flesh and having absorbed his fingers within them, the spider legs came to life again, and one by one, the five fingers of his left hand became giant, hairy, living, creeping appendages that were a hybrid of tarantula and black widow. Along with the other three, they formed the eight legs of the complete, breathing, sentient spider which his left hand had become. 
Simultaneously, on the physical plane, while the Oneirophage slumbered, his left hand grew three extra fingers, which then blackened and transformed into spider legs. His other fingers parted in the middle of his hand, to form the exact replica of a black widow. Upon his palm, a red hourglass of blood slowly seeped through the black flesh, usurping the hourglass tattoo which had previously adorned it. While the Oneirophage slumbered, the black widow tattoo of his left hand came to life and began crawling up and down his side, along his chest, across his face and over his genitals, its mandibles clicking, dripping venom upon its somnolent master. 
In the astral dimension, as he lay back against the bloodstained rocks of the sacrificial grounds, the Oneirophage pulled the Prismsword loose from his impaled victim, at long last releasing Spidratha's spirit from his possession. No more than a blind, legless, bloody piece of meat, she wriggled and squirmed her way to Hell like a grub, denigrated and mutilated, to finally take her place in the afterlife. 
The Oneirophage awoke several hours later. Flexing his new eight-fingered spiderhand, the Oneirophage arose, and feasted upon a breakfast of spiderflesh and spider's organs from the corpses and half-dead, mutilated arachnids strewn across his bed and about his bedchamber, gathered up by the Darkprism from the Grystiawan battlefield the day before. As he sipped upon a concoction of blood and venom from a goblet made out of prism, the Oneirophage walked the changing corridors of Phantasmagorika. The prism palace continued to metamorphose into a living spaceship around him, larvating, pupating, and incubating; growing, adapting, and evolving; reproducing itself through mitosis and spreading itself like cancer while it soared through the cosmos, still attached to the Omnibeast like a parasitic embryo or gargantuan intergalactic remora, its unwilling host bearing it in its underbelly as it transformed.
Outside the mutating castle, the stars and planets glittered like jewels, and galaxies stretched across the pure black of space like runes and hieroglyphics written upon the cosmos itself. Mandalic nebulae gleamed in hypnotic, enlightening, colorful patterns through the diaphanous windows. The Oneirophage gazed upon all this through the various skylights of Phantasmagorika, seeing for the first time with physical eyes the expanses of the universe he had dreamt of and astrally projected through for millennia. 
 He refilled his prism goblet with more of the intoxicating wine that he had brewed from blood and spider venom, and slowly sipped from its rainbow rim while he stargazed. He was so close to becoming the Jh'a'vyraa that he could feel in his blood, coursing through his veins like the sweet, poisonous wine he imbibed. With every dream and every death, the Jh'a'vyraa grew nearer, so near that the Oneirophage felt he could reach out and tattoo his body with moksha, drink nirvana through the Umbilicus, and make love to the end of time itself.  

17

Chariah meditated while smoking a thousand spiders at once. True to her word, Spidratha had bestowed ten hecatombs of her arachnid devotees upon the Necrodelic, leaving them in a single giant net of spiderweb within his bestial spaceship. Chariah had emptied the entire chiliad into the dungeon above his meditation chamber, then descended the staircases to the level below, entered his private lair, and released its contents into the Bloodbong. The various arachnids frantically swam and thrashed around, climbing over one another, trying to scale the walls inside and leaving pieces of their flesh stuck to the heated glass. The spider millitomb was a combination of the different arachnid warrior species Chariah had witnessed in the Spider-Serpent Wars upon Grystiawa. Tarantulas, black widows, violin spiders, recluse spiders, trap-door spiders, funnel-web spiders, Spidaurs, Sentinels, and Black Widow Amazons all floated within the giant heart of the Bloodbong. 
Chariah assumed the black lotus position and parted his black lips. The mouthpiece of his elaborate pipe obediently inserted itself between his fangs, and the Necrodelic began to smoke spiderflesh. He watched with slowly increasing levels of hypnosis as the arachnids treaded blood with their eightfold, desperately scurrying legs. Many drowned in the depths of boiling plasma, trapped beneath their brethren. Spider legs were being amputated by the hundreds, ripped from their sockets by the powerful inhalations of the Necrodelic. Many of them floated into the labyrinthine tubes of the Bloodbong, making their way into smaller bubbling chambers or towering demonic totem poles and getting stuck in narrow corridors and shafts, where they slowly disintegrated. Hourglasses were scorched black between the breasts of the Black Widow Amazons, stripping them of their elite rank and battle-prowess. 
For over an hour, the Necrodelic smoked the ten hecatombs of spiderflesh, drifting deeper and deeper into a psychedelic trance. He meditated upon the nature of spiders, gaining several of their powers as he ingested their very essence. He reveled in the euphoric effects of betrayal, the intoxicating new evil which he had discovered that day, whose effects now saturated his floating heart with a surge of black adrenaline, until it felt as though his heart had flown free of his chest and immersed itself within the inky waters of the river Styx, to be further demonized by the inherent evils within those cursed currents. His soul had been stained with newfound sins, and had grown darker and heavier than ever before, collapsing in upon itself like a black hole. Rushes of pure power shot through his shuddering flesh as he grew more and more drugged by the psychedelic stimulants of betrayal. Blood-soaked reveries of the Grystiawan aceldama played themselves over and over in his mind, like the music of a never-ending song. Vivid flashbacks of the apocalyptic battle assailed all five of his physical senses at once, as well as wreaking hallucinatory havoc upon his powers of echolocation and other psychic and esoteric modes of perception, then weaving them all together in strange and mind-blowing synesthesias. As the final burnt pieces and organs of the sacrificial arachnids swirled in crimson whirlpools, sinking and rising on red exploding bubbles, Chariah found himself detaching from his flesh and descending into the astral plane upon his silver cord, like a spider lowering itself on a single rope of webbing. 
Mother Chaos embraced her dangling demon lover, kissing him while the souls of dead spiders fell around them like rain.
"The Oneirophage lives, my mistress," said the Necrodelic. "I have seen it in my visions, sensed it as I smoked the spiderflesh." 
"...yes, my love...it was always destined to be so...you two shall meet again...in proximal futures...adjacent destinies...he is your soulmate, my child...a dark soulmate...but a soulmate nonetheless...your fates are intertwined...your paths run parallel and form many helices...but for now, you must focus on something else...come with me, my child...I have much to show you..." 
Mother Chaos' vagina tightened like an iris around the pupil of her womb, allowing Chariah to look upon her inner oracles and gaze upon the universe. A crimson eyeball grew in the tip of his penis. He saw the Oneirophage, stalking the soul of Spidratha far below them, near the bottom of the universe. He watched as the Oneirophage defeated her astrosome in blood combat and stole her red hourglass marking. He made telepathic contact with the burnt and shattered spirit of Spidratha as she was falling to Hell in pieces, each amputated limb and dislodged organ descending upon its own silver strand, like a mobile of severed body parts. Her torso bore an open hourglass-shaped wound, as if the crimson sigil had been surgically removed. It left her entrails, organs, egg sac, and spinnerets exposed, and she was soon spilling her innards into space. Her battered head bounced loosely upon a broken neck, then severed itself to descend to Hell upon a silver cord which had burrowed itself into her brain. Her decapitated head returned the Necrodelic's psychic contact then, telepathically hissing at him as it plummeted through the astral plane, and vowing her vengeance just before it was engulfed by the raging fires of the underworld.
"Bastard betrayer...pray you become the Jh'a'vyraa...for if you do not, you will be my bitch in Hell...my bitch for all eternity..." 
Chariah looked on stoically, his phallic eyeball blinking as it absorbed strange realities with its sorcerous gaze. As he thrust into Mother Chaos' oracle, opening many new worlds to his sexual vision, he asked, "Who is to be my next victim?" 
Mother Chaos' oracular womb tightened around the Necrodelic's third eye phallus, revealing to him a green planet in a distant galaxy. 
" ...you will seek out the Tantradox...upon the garden planet of Elasvai...the mission of genocide continues...megadeaths grow as fast and as furious as Hellfire...go now, my dark disciple...my incarnate prophecy...go, and show the Tantradox that you are the Messiah of Death..."
Chariah's eyeballed phallus came to orgasm in Mother Chaos' oracle, its single eyelid, like the eyelids of his face, fluttering with light speed rapid eye movement that revealed several psychic visions every nanosecond, flashing through his brain while he wept sperm, and then Mother Chaos' eye sockets became vaginas, and the Necrodelic's eyes became penises, making love to her skull and ejaculating black sperm and teardrops of darkest ink into her brain. The Dark Orgasm came and obliterated all else. The crimson eyeball on the Necrodelic's phallus slowly closed with sleep, and then Chariah was ascending the long strand of his silver cord like a spider, climbing upwards toward the physical plane, climbing upwards into his body, to set the Omnibeast on a direct course with the garden planet of Elasvai.

18

The Omnibeast's living dungeons crept through the prism palace of Phantasmagorika like sentient abysses, dripping from the ceilings like drops of liquid nothingness, absorbing entire chambers like black holes, forcing themselves like serpents of nullity through tunnels and corridors. Like the giant segmented tentacle of some chthonic beast, the dungeons wound and flowed and crawled and grew throughout the glimmering castle, haunting its hallways like a parasite, dragging its shadows behind it, a slow rapist, an expanding womb, a proactive prison seeking out its own captive. The pulsating dungeons conquered passage after passage, doorway after doorway, filling the labyrinths like the river Styx, as if the Stygian floodgates in Hell had been opened to drown Phantasmagorika in atramentous deathwater. The dungeons quivered, the dungeons slithered, the dungeons stalked in utter silence, until they surrounded the donjon cockpit of the Oneirophage's newborn, pupating spaceship, the center of the prism palace, like gaping mouths that formed a hermetically sealed egg when they closed and gently possessed the slumbering life form inside. 
Adamantium bars lowered like a hexagonal portcullis and the iron clang of gateways shutting resonated through the chamber, trapping the Oneirophage like an animal in a cage. With the Oneirophage sleeping in the six-sided prison cell like a slumbering embryo in a succubus' womb, the living dungeons withdrew to the belly of the Omnibeast with their prey in tow, slipping back through the mazes as though on a tether of intestine or umbilical cord, pulled and tugged by unseen forces to some higher surface beyond. 
*
The Oneirophage lay imprisoned in the Necrodelic's dungeons, having been mysteriously captured by the sorceries of his demonic enemy, the strange machinations of the living Omnibeast, or the dual powers of necromancer and bestial spaceship combined. At first believing himself in the throes of nightmare, the Oneirophage gradually awakened from his slumber, consciousness slowly creeping like maggots back into his flesh, then coming alive with flies of pain. His wounds were still fresh and bleeding; he could smell them in the fetid air as he awoke. The living black widow of his left hand was crawling back and forth in a panic, nearly dislocating his shoulder as it dragged his limp arm behind it. Surrounded by pitch-black, absolute darkness, the Oneirophage relied upon his sense of touch and his viper's pits to synthesize reality. He tested the black cell with cautious fingers, exploring the hot pulpy interior of flesh criss-crossed with unforgiving adamantium bars, like some behemoth sex slave in armored lingerie, skin and sinew bulging from beneath their iron restraints. It was as though he had been locked in a cage which had then been swallowed or enwombed by some giant black demon. There seemed to be no entrance or exit in the fleshy walls, just a continuous hexagonal portcullis that also covered the ceiling and floor. He would have to make his own door. 
With one long-nailed finger the Oneirophage drew the Umbilicus from its sheath of flesh in his forearm, releasing a trickle of blood as he pulled it from the slit of skin and grasped it with his fist. Fumbling through the dark, the Oneirophage carne to a pulsing wall and began to suck at the visceral substance through his sorcerous straw. The wall shivered and dripped blood from its wound onto the iron bars below. The Oneirophage suckled and drank and chewed and devoured an entire square of flesh from iron boundary to iron boundary, opening a bleeding window into the spaceship interior and peering down the crimson and black hallways of the Omnibeast's dungeons. The adamantium remained undaunted by the straw, nor was it affected by the physical blows of the Oneirophage, forcing the serpent to redirect his attention upon the living organic tissue of the walls behind the iron mesh, cannibalizing the bestial spaceship from within, drinking its blood, feasting upon its flesh, and drugging himself with its dreams. 
The taste of the Necrodelic's spaceship was like candy death, candy made from corpses' organs, freshly excised and coated with sugar and drugs, or embalmed with wine-soaked bandages and fermented for centuries in perfumed canopic jars. The gustatory sensations invigorated the Oneirophage. As he sucked his escape route through the visceral walls, he also sucked forth the dreams of the bestial spaceship's bowels, dreams of Satanic sodomy and erotic evisceration. The spaceship itself seemed to respond to the strange visions with gentle shudders, but the Oneirophage could not be sure if this was just a product of his dream-drugged mind. 
His blood began to coagulate as he invigorated himself with raw meat and stolen dreams, his wounds knitting themselves back together, his strength returning to his muscles and mind. When he had regained his power, he hissed and sprayed a thick mist of green, acidic venom which dissolved the adamantium bars. The cage melted and warped until it was malleable enough to resculpt and climb through. The black flesh around it dissolved wherever the serpent venom dripped, recoiling into nothingness with only a wisp of oily steam to mark its passing. The Oneirophage slithered through the escape route his serpentine powers had opened and into a red corridor leading through the dungeons and guts of the spaceship. Below his crawling belly, as his ridged scales wriggled along the organic floor, his engorged consciousness sensed the passage of the cosmos at speeds faster than thought. He could feel the flight of the Omnibeast in his ophidian glands as well, the interstellar winds of space travel throbbing in the pits above his fangs. The Necrodelic no doubt traveled through the universe to do further battle in his quest to become the Jh'a'vyraa. 
Tapping into the nervous system of the Omnibeast with the Umbilicus and overriding its reflexes, the Oneirophage commanded several of the dungeon cells to open themselves. As the valvelike passages irised and gaped, the Oneirophage abducted the Necrodelic's prisoners. He greedily drank their dreams, leaving their lifeless husks and hollow skulls behind in the womblike cages, then absorbed several others with his Darkprism, to devour and ravish later. The rest he bound in shackles torn from the dungeon walls. The excised shackles left bloody holes behind, like those left by amputated limbs or castrated genitalia. The Oneirophage forced the chained prisoners along in a single line, driving them through the maze of the bestial spaceship. 
With revenge on his forked tongue, Hell in his dilated eyes, and dreams of becoming the Jh'a'vyraa spinning in his head, the Oneirophage hunted for the Necrodelic. The Dreaming Predator cared not where the pathways led. He slithered through round corridors and began exploring the Necrodelic's lair, observing his demonium and his possessions so that he would know better how to annihilate him. 
The living walls radiated a natural black phosphorescence, a raven bioluminescence which provided light inside the spaceship. Umbilical cords were ubiquitous and served a myriad of purposes. Several levels of dungeons and oubliettes, sometimes bi-level and sometimes tri-level, took up much of the lower spaceship, with little more than chains and shackles in the cells and nothing without. Below them were sentient sewage systems, with both mechanical and living organs. Beyond the dungeons were empty, high-ceilinged chambers with black ribcages supporting their lofty domes. Gothic architecture adorned doorways, gates, and portcullises that led to unfurnished, unused, and uninhabited womb-chambers. Stairways of black bone, sometimes with entire skeletons built into a single step, with skulls for finials and ribcage balustrades, were ubiquitous, leading and spiraling to hundreds of different destinations. There were locked doors leading only to balconies, and labyrinths that seemed to exist merely for their own sake. Empty alcoves. A single weapons gallery. No windows, no bedchambers, no food, and no other inhabitants besides the prisoners confined in the dungeons. The Necrodelic was an ascetic, an anchorite, a minimalist, a demon concerned only with the smoking of flesh, the destruction of the universe, and his own evil enlightenment. He required neither food, drink, air, nor sleep. He cared not for possessions. His was an existence of black austerities and lethal meditations, of necromancy, genocide, and raw malevolence, his every energy focused upon becoming the Messiah of Death.
*
Chariah followed a trail of dreams through his vessel, a path of rainbow bits writhing on the floor like tapeworms freshly exposed to light, the spoor of the escaped Oneirophage. Through dungeons where captives were shackled and imprisoned, through oubliettes where they writhed on torture racks and crucifixes, and through abattoirs where they were stored like food, the Necrodelic stormed like an enraged reaper. Down blackboned stairways and lifts made of giant, horned skulls, through circular corridors like veins and arteries and vertical shafts like throats and vaginas, Chariah trailed the dream-eater. 
A puddle of blood and rainbow dreams marked one of the Oneirophage's communions. Chariah traveled on in the direction it led. Ahead, he heard drippings and smelled fresh death. Looking upwards, he discovered the four limbs of a victim, suspended from the ceiling like a hanging jungle, leaking crimson onto the floor beneath.  
Chariah tore down the severed limbs, gathered them up, and then inserted them into a mouth farther down the hallway, which swallowed them whole and then sent them on their way through the ship's intricate systems of inner digestive labyrinths, to be deposited in their proper repository. Questing along, several more hanging jungles of arms and legs awaited. Occasionally a dream-dried husk littered the floor beneath the drizzling limbs. 
The Necrodelic tore a womb from the ceiling and began filling the sac with the organic detritus, dragging it through the corridors by an umbilical cord. Chariah emptied the bulging womb and fed the severed body parts to the various mouths and vaginas of the ship whenever possible,  to be borne through the esophagi, wombs, valves, veins and arteries of the Omnibeast to the flesh reservoirs above the Necrodelic's meditation chamber. 
At the centerpoint of the dungeons was a foyer, with corridors leading off in eight different directions, and two large, twin staircases. Limbs dangled in every archway and from every lip and labia-like balcony. Like windchimes of flesh they swayed in the air, making soft death-music as they collided and bled. The Oneirophage had deliberately left trails in all directions to confuse the Necrodelic. Cursing, Chariah bashed the womb he was holding by the umbilical cord into the wall, scattering arms, legs, limbed bodies, blood, and organs all throughout the foyer in an explosion of gore, and leaving behind a purpling bruise upon the stricken flesh of the shuddering foyer. 
Sniffing the air, Chariah snarled. Not only had the Oneirophage left trails of blood, dreams, and severed limbs in ten directions, but he had spread his scent and sprayed his venom down all eight corridors and along both staircases as well. Closing his eyes, Chariah psychically probed the nearby halls and chambers. The Oneirophage was gone, or, more likely, had cast a cloaking spell to disguise his presence. Chariah knew with the black wisdom of the most enlightened demons that to proceed would be to trigger a laid trap. But the Omnibeast belonged to him, and contained several traps of its own. 
Chariah retreated down the hallway from whence he came, back through the dungeons and upwards through the ship until he reached the oracle chamber. Therein could be viewed entire maps of the Omnibeast, and he could look through any and all of the living spaceship's internal eyeballs as well. Stepping into his oracle chamber, Chariah connected the various snakelike tubes to his body and soon hung suspended by a multitude of umbilical cords in the zero-gravity, studying several glowing, three-dimensional cartographic projections of the Omnibeast and its every tunnel and chamber. The visceral tubes held him aloft in the grips of their vacuum-like suction, and the supine demon dangled, hovered, spun, and somersaulted gently in the middle of the chamber, floating weightlessly in mid-air as he tracked the Oneirophage through the various oracles. Chariah tapped into and overrode the nervous system of the Omnibeast through the psychic umbilical cords, temporarily controlling its every function. He closed doorways and sealed off levels, then began sending pyropathic thoughts through the umbilical cords, setting controlled fires within the Omnibeast to flush out the Oneirophage. He would trap him with flames and use the conflagrations to herd him directly into the Bloodbong. 
Watching the fires burn through the oracles, spreading in three directions at once, Chariah observed the miniature simulacrum of the Oneirophage in the glowing projections of the Omnibeast's innards, fleeing through the labyrinths as flames roared and smoke billowed around him, as passages flashed open and slammed shut and entire corridors and chambers rotated and writhed and crawled within the spaceship, bearing the frantic Oneirophage in their clutches. Satisfied, Chariah disengaged himself from the umbilical cords and exited the oracle chamber as they retracted. He then made his way to his meditation room, where the Oneirophage would momentarily be dropped through the ceiling into the waiting doom of the Bloodbong. 
The Necrodelic waited with black patience. Morbidly, time passed.
*
A shot of flame raced down the corridor like a hungry phallus, ejaculating smoke, a sexual piece of Hell eager to rape the Oneirophage to a crisp. The fire caught the Oneirophage in mid-imbibement, suckling dreams through the bloody Umbilicus, which was embedded in the nipple of one of the Necrodelic's flesh supply, pillaged from the dungeons. With a violent start, the Oneirophage withdrew the Umbilicus, severing the nipple of the demoness in the process with a wet popping noise and leaving it twitching on the floor below. Prodding his chained line of victims to action, the Oneirophage fled the conflagration, leading his bound prisoners down the corridor to an intersection, where more flames awaited. The assaulting heat drove him left, the two gouts of fire coalescing into one and chasing him through the spaceship. 
The fires herded the Oneirophage through the maze, springing up from the floors beneath him, blocking off passageways, driving him deep into the Necrodelic's vessel and trapping him in small pockets of safety against the fleshlike walls. The Oneirophage wondered if the Necrodelic was somehow planning to smoke his flesh from a distance, if there was some intricate framework of piping that even now stretched through the ship to his jet lips. Smoke swirled and heat beckoned as the dream-eating serpent attempted to ascertain his adversary's intentions. Impaling his hostages through the skull with his sorcerous straw and imbibing their dreams, the Oneirophage enhanced his psychic abilities and formulated a counter-plan. Slipping into a lucid dream state, he called upon the serpentine soothsaying powers of his subconscious to witness Chariah in his meditation chamber, awaiting the fall of the Oneirophage into the boiling plasma of the Bloodbong. The Oneirophage visualized every aspect of his counterattack, virtually living the experience in his lucid dream state, so that when he carried it out in reality it was during a psychedelic trance of deja vu. 
As the flames raged past, the Oneirophage ducked into a rising blister on the sizzling wall and dragged his remaining hostages in with him. Once inside, he cast defensive wards to insulate the small chamber from the firestorm, hissed several cloaking and camouflage spells, and then shook the Umbilicus once, like a switchblade. A small, saw-toothed dagger shot out from its tip. The Oneirophage placed the ridged edge under his chin and dragged the miniature saw down his throat, over his chest, and past his sternum to his lower belly. The large slit caused loose flaps of snakeskin to open over his breast like the folds of a robe, and like a robe, the Oneirophage slithered out of his snakeskin to stand beside it with a new, shimmering, wetly glistening set of tattooed scales and reptilian integument unveiled to the universe. He held the limp snakeskin in his right hand, then chose one of the male hostages, one of his approximate size and hair color, to hypnotize with his kaleidoscopic, ophidian gaze. The mesmerized victim adorned the shed skin limb by limb, like a suit of armor. Like ophidian leather, the snakeskin clung tightly to the sacrificial victim, his legs pressed together in the tight cocoon of the serpent tail, his left hand brandishing a spider glove, his penis ensheathed in a snakeskin condom, and a dead skin mask complete with shed fangs about his face and head. The Oneirophage sealed the serpent leather hermetically with the Umbilicus, spoke a series of hypnotic commands into both of the doppelganger's ears, one for each hemisphere of the brain, and then thrust him into the inferno of the spaceship corridors. 
The Omnibeast immediately detected the imposter Oneirophage in its labyrinth, its senses perceiving the shape, size, tattoos, and male energy of the Oneirophage and being fooled by the ruse. The ship continued to set the controlled fires as it had been commanded, herding the false dream-eater deep into its labyrinths and far from the real Oneirophage. The fires continued to burn around the Oneirophage's sorcerously cloaked sanctuary, so there was nought for the serpent demon to do but wait with predator's patience and imbibe the dreams of the captives he had dragged inside the giant blister chamber along with him. With a swirl of his hand, as though by legerdemain, the Umbilicus transmogrified, and the Oneirophage was soon slumbering in a psychedelic dream trance upon a bed of perforated, bleeding corpses. Oblivious to the conflagration without, the Oneirophage slept as peacefully as a parasite hibernating in a deathmonk's brain.

19

Severed limbs floated at the surface of the Bloodbong's heart-chamber like detritus from a shipwreck, like vestiges of genocides left behind for carrion-eaters and carrion-smokers. Whirlpools and tides created a danse macabre of arms, legs, and torsos, body parts rearranging themselves as if trying to find their proper partners and rebuild their mutilated bodies. The psychoactive ingredients of the flesh, bones, and organs hit Chariah like a white-hot warhammer. He breathed in, the slow systole of the succubus. He breathed out, the slow diastole of the incubus. Instantaneously drugged, he stared enraptured at the expressions of death on the floating faces, as if animated in their moments of realized mortality, and saw arms reaching for him through the transparent chamber, like those of zombies. The Necrodelic, rocketing with the phantasmagoria of higher consciousness, saw his death-oven boil the corpse-pieces to nothingness, dislodging fingers and toes, decapitating heads, extracting organs, peeling skin and muscle from arms and legs. In psychedelic tranquility, Chariah awaited the presence of the Oneirophage. 
The fires that burned through his spaceship would deliver the serpent demon directly to him, chasing him through the Omnibeast's labyrinths directly into the Bloodbong. He closed his bloodshot eyes and listened, his evil clairaudient powers at their peak, as the crackle of flames and the soft susurrus of smoke were joined by the sound of reptilian scales being dragged across the pulpish floors of the spaceship corridors. Chariah could hear the Oneirophage's sibilant breathing as he approached, could feel his heartbeat like sonic booms in his flesh and soul. As Chariah inhaled more smoke, more flesh from the severed limbs and torsos floating in the boiling blood of the necromantic pipe, he heard the rush of firestorms above, the silence of the Oneirophage halting as he was cornered, the sharp clicking of iron gears, the groaning of trapdoor hinges springing open, the rush of air as the Oneirophage fell one hundred feet to the adamantium floors of the flesh reservoir, the scrabbling of his long fingernails as he struggled to climb the sheer, sloping sides, the sound of reptile scales sliding down the metal inclines, the loud clap of another trapdoor opening in four pieces, and then the satisfactory splash of the Oneirophage falling into the boiling lake of ichor in the heart chamber of the Bloodbong. 
The drugged, semi-conscious Chariah opened his dilated eyes to watch as the Oneirophage dissolved. The Necrodelic breathed in, and snakeskin began to slough and disintegrate, tattoos began to melt together and embue the hot plasma with strange colors. Jaws unhinged, fangs fell out, venom hissed and spat on the surface of the churning pool. Chariah began to leave his physical perceptions behind, diving through the astral plane, downward and outward, before being caught in the soulmate's gravity of Mother Chaos. She embraced him with lithe pink arms, kissed him with purple lips, and spoke with the voice of a disembodied siren.
  "...your enemy, the Oneirophage, lives yet...open your eyes, my dark darling...return briefly to your flesh...and partake of sooth..." 
Chariah's eyelids fluttered open as though from hypnotic suggestion. He fixed his gaze upon the Bloodbong and then, with a single inhalation, smoked the snakeskin from the Oneirophage's body. Tattoos split and exploded, large chunks of scales fell sizzling to the bottom of the pipe, and the serpentine face of the Oneirophage loosened and then detached, revealing the face of another beneath it as the dead skin mask floated to the bubbling surface. Chariah recognized the features of one of his prisoners, whom he had cast into his dungeons in some distant past. An impostor, wearing the Oneirophage's scales and posing as the ophidian demon. Chariah had the snakeskin, but not the snake. He had not captured the dream-eater; he had only captured a dream. 
Chariah smoked the flesh of the doppelganger with one breath, simultaneously resigned and vengeful. His black spirit drifting back down into the astral plane, Mother Chaos regathered Chariah in her limbs and whispered, "...come with me...and I will show you where the Oneirophage has taken his sanctuary...you shall haunt while I shall heal... "
Chariah already knew psychically that both the Oneirophage's astral and physical bodies were embedded somewhere in the Omnibeast. He followed Mother Chaos through parts of the spaceship which he had consumed with fires on the physical plane. On the astral plane, salamanders still lingered about the burnt wreckage, hovering in the heat alongside the ghosts of pyromaniacs, hungry for karmic smoke and ash, craving the feel of the flame through the dimensional fabric one last time. 
The fire elementals scattered and watched from a distance as Mother Chaos and Chariah floated through the suppurating corridors, to the large black antechamber which had been forged partly by sorcery, partly by fire, and partly by agony during the inferno. The Oneirophage's astral body was semi-conscious inside, lost in dream and not responsive to the spectral world around him. He lay curled like an embryo in one of the ship's numerous blisters, filled, on the astral plane, with ectoplasm. Mother Chaos slowly burst the pustule, leaking shivering ectoplasm into the vibrating atmosphere. Chariah reached in and dragged forth the Oneirophage. The procedure resembled an abortion. 
The Oneirophage's eyes flickered open but shone with disorientation, projecting razor-bladed rainbows from his dreaming mind out over Chariah's black flesh. Chariah was startled as the sharp beams of color lashed criss-crossing wounds over his astrosome, having not expected the Oneirophage to awaken into astral consciousness. He quickly realized, however, that the Oneirophage's astral consciousness was extremely minimal, as the dream-eater once again closed his eyes and slept, seemingly oblivious to the imminent jeopardy inherent in the Necrodelic's sable presence. Snarling, Chariah attacked the astral body of the Oneirophage, raking his face with his claws. The Necrodelic, however, had unwittingly lavished the Oneirophage with the pain he enjoyed, the masochistic ecstasies which stimulated his dreams, and these dreams now played themselves out in kaleidoscopic oracles floating in the air, coalescing into images of fire, rape, and Satan. The Oneirophage began to instinctively devour the dreams orbiting his brain, licking them up with forked tongues and sucking them out of the air with his third eye, all the while gaining strength, and ultimately awakening into complete astral projection. Jerked suddenly into his astral body, the Oneirophage's vibrations were sometimes severe, like that of a maggot being electrocuted. Drooling rainbows, he arose and turned weightlessly to engage the Necrodelic in battle. 
Mother Chaos saw this as she healed the Omnibeast and uttered a spell of sleep from her purple lips. Just as suddenly as his astrosome had awakened, the Oneirophage fell once more into dreaming slumber. Alighting at the Necrodelic's side, Mother Chaos took Chariah by the hand. With one caressing, healing finger, she erased the scarlet wounds criss-crossing his face and chest. 
"...your wrath betrays you, my prince...I asked for haunting, not violence...come now, beautiful Chariah...we shall haunt the Oneirophage together...our subtle specters shall visit him while he dreams...come, and I will teach you the ways of haunting ...just like I showed you the ways of love...my devotee...my black messiah..."
Chariah and Mother Chaos whispered subliminal messages, hypnotic suggestions, and self-destruct mantras into the Oneirophage's slitted ears. Mother Chaos breathed cold air across his body while the Necrodelic blew hot gases in his face. They summoned forth devices of agony from various parts of the universe, then tortured both his third eye and his mind's eye with branding irons, flaming drills, red-hot jackhammers, white-hot miniature scavenger's daughters, and a form of excruciating water torture utilizing the boiling saltwater of the lower Phlegethonic deltas of Hell.
The dreaming Oneirophage perceived them as an incubus and succubus come to copulate with him while he slept, interpreting their hauntings as a tantric assault upon his mind, a combination of rape and menage a trois, and it was of this he dreamt, his body trembling with the paroxysms of wet dreams and erotic nightmares while it sweated venom on the physical plane. The haunting had been executed to perfection, and a barrage of nightmares and suffering awaited the Oneirophage.
Mother Chaos guided Chariah back to consciousness in his smoke-filled meditation chamber, kissed the length of his returning silver cord and whispered, "...your ship is well and cleansed of its wounds, save one...within this one, the Oneirophage lies...remember, a dream is a double-edged blade, but higher consciousness is a barbed lightning bolt...battle well, my soulmate...my love..."
Mother Chaos faded and Chariah returned to the world of flesh. Her mystical words and hypnotic suggestions were like spiders laying eggs in his brain and spinning relationship-webs of vengeance. He detached himself from the Bloodbong, exited the meditation chamber, and made his way into the depths of the Omnibeast. In his drugged mind, Chariah vowed to inhale the Oneirophage's flesh, vowed to smoke the Dreaming Predator alive, and vowed to do so as the darkest and most powerful yogi who had ever existed, with complete control over his body and his breathing techniques, for as many hours as physically possible, and then a little longer.


20

Dreams spread like venom, venom like dreams, through the hallucinating brain of the Oneirophage, rising up like a tyrannical virus and poisoning his mind. His sleep was disturbed, and it was his own torturous slumber he dreamt of. Night sweats became hemathidrosis. Wet dreams resulted in chancres and priapism. The necrotic dripping vaginas of succubi infected him with gonorrhea and syphilis. He slept on a bed of nails, with a garrote for a pillow. His blanket was a straitjacket, cutting off his blood flow and causing cramps in his arms, legs, and genitals. He cast it aside and was numbed by frostbite, the chancres on his phallus turning to chilblains. He wrapped his body within it again and became feverish. Rapid eye movement was like violent surgery. His mind's eyes were painfully squeezed in iron maidens of dream, turning even the hypnogogic processes he so desired, the beloved source of his addictions, into methods of torture. 
He attempted to perform oneirocritics upon his own dreams while he dreamt them, with horrific consequences. Excruciating nightmares of his head turning inside-out and exploding were the horrific karma invoked by such autodivinatory experiments, followed by an eternity of vertigo and ennui as his decapitated corpse blindly wandered the universe, recollecting the shrapnel of his face, skull, and brains and reconstructing them atom by atom.
The nightmare of his head's reattachment was as agonizing as its explosion. A barbed, red-hot, floating, sentient needle ascended from the infernos of Hell and threaded itself with a thin string of flesh from his first penis, then used the bloody ribbon to sew his head back to his torso. His upper phallus slowly unraveled during the surgery, followed by his lower phallus, scrotum, and testicles, until he had been completely castrated over a period of several hours.
The Oneirophage moaned in the semi-consciousness which separates dreams like synapses, then fell silent as his skull grew over his eye sockets, ear slits, nostrils, mouth, throat, third eye, and crown chakra, forming one solid fusion of bone that rendered him blind, deaf, and mute, sealing the nightmares in and trapping him in a universe of horror and void where his head was its own sensory deprivation chamber. The nightmares were so intense that his body eventually rejected its own mind, and his brains slowly dripped from his penises until his skull was completely empty. 
The Oneirophage dreamt a threefold dream of himself as the Beast. First, he was the steed of Satan, forced through an endless cycle of death and reincarnation at the prodding of his omnipotent tamer's red-hot whip, riding him atop a flaming saddle as he recycled himself through space and time. Secondly, he dreamt that he was Satan's pet, his leash lit like the wick of a candle and continually burning down into his flesh but never being extinguished or destroyed, his mouth frothing with rabies and his guts churning with white-hot tapeworms, forced to sleep in an ensorcelled cage which prevented dreams. Last, he dreamt he was Satan's livestock, forced to eat and drink dreams from a trough, his nipples and penises milked daily for the blood that Satan drank, and then one day finding himself laid out, while still alive, upon a banquet table as Satan casually devoured him, plucking out organs one by one with a fork, scooping out brains with a spoon, and carving the flesh from his bones with a butcher knife to devour raw. His blood dribbled down Satan's beard while his body was eaten piece by piece, and then his bones were picked clean while he watched helplessly, and he could feel every mutilated body part and every morsel of meat being masticated in Satan's mouth, could feel every bolus of flesh swallowed to free fall through the abysses of his esophagi, and then burned and dissolved in the boiling digestive acids of his infernal stomachs. He could still feel his own flesh as it was being broken down into nutrients, and then he could feel each individual cell that used to comprise his body being put to use in the various parts of Satan's anatomy. His body completely absorbed into Satan's, his soul was then sugared and salted, covered in spices and saturated in wine, and then Satan swallowed his very spirit whole, and everything went black. 
*
The Oneirophage awoke with salt in his burning eyes and his open wounds, and realized that he was not awake. The dream salt regenerated itself like a virus and soon suffused his entire body, inside and out, and began dissolving parts of his soul. The iron maidens of dream constricted tighter around his mind's eyes. Winged instincts flew around frantically in his head until their pinions were broken, then jumped out his ears, committing suicide. Memories then did the same, making their death plunges from his eyes. Archetypes lined up in single file on his tongues and one by one, like lemmings, leapt to their deaths from his mouth to the abyss below. Serpents and spiders, succubi with phalluses for noses and fanged mouths for vaginas, castrated incubi with severed penises in hand, nightworms eternally devouring their own tails, a leprous king with his young virgin princess impaled on his penis, the fanged fetus of a prince raping a terminally ill queen upon her wheeled deathbed, a bloody maggot pushing a sarcophagus occupied by the corpse of a fly, a bloody caterpillar pushing a coffin filled with the cadaver of a butterfly, a demon holding the ashes of his brother in the cup of his hands, a soliloquizing philosopher on a torture rack, a winged harpy singing siren songs on a crucifix, a hydra in a multiple guillotine and his demon executioner, a thousand-armed demon being drawn and thousandthed by a thousand and two dragons, and finally Satan himself, marched in a cortege along the lengths of his tongues to the rim of his lips, and then committed suicide by jumping to the hard darkness far below, where they splattered and stained the black ground with mandalas, symbols, sigils, labyrinths, and optical illusions. The Oneirophage then himself committed suicide, gnawing at the silver cord of his astral body like a wolf, chewing his own soul free from the trap of his flesh like a desperate animal would gnaw off its own leg to escape from a snare. He bit through the silver cord and toppled to the hard black bottom of the bottomless abyss, spilling his blood and soul amongst the gory stains of the others who had gone before. Overhead, in the sable skies, loomed the ethereal busts of the Necrodelic and Mother Chaos, their top halves visible amongst the stars as they smiled with mysterious pride before disappearing.
When he awoke, he was The Labyrinth, the seducer of sanity, luring demons into its twisted body with promises that the first to solve the maze would become the Jh'a'vyraa. It spied the Necrodelic and the Oneirophage amongst the hundreds who entered its flesh, saw its dark soulmates wandering its depths and writhings. The lost demons were red-hot, as painful as lava pouring through the circulatory system of The Labyrinth. The Labyrinth saw the Necrodelic and the Oneirophage come to the end of itself simultaneously and await their destinies. First Mother Chaos appeared and carried the Necrodelic off in her winged embrace like a child. Then, the very surgery which was its nightmare reared up with red-hot scalpels and tongs, and Satan the unholy surgeon performed a diabolical and excruciating sex change upon the Oneirophage. He then raped the universe's newest female, impregnating the castrated and wombed Oneirophage with demon serpentling children, who would forever wander The Labyrinth in search of salvation, each a fragment of the Oneirophage's consciousness. 
The Labyrinth wept to death...
...and he became The Ocean, a cesspool of every tear ever wept, coagulating at the bottom of the universe. The Necrodelic and Mother Chaos made love in the firmament far above, at the prodding of Satan the Breeder and his flaming spears, tridents, and branding irons. The melancholy of orgasm caused the Necrodelic's penis to weep sperm, which fell through the cosmos to land in The Ocean with tortured sighs. The whole universe warred above The Ocean, spilling all the blood it possessed until The Ocean turned red and crimson and mermaids and sirens emerged from its depths. Somewhere in The Ocean, a heart beat, creating rhythmic, sanguine tides. The mermaids and sirens sang dirges and threnodies in the vermilion waters. 
Suddenly there was a thunderbolt, and then a small splash in the crimson sea. It was The Oneirophage, betrayed by his own dreams and sent plummeting to The Ocean, where he immediately swam off in search of someone's heart, someone whose identity he did not know. In the distance, amid the scarlet surf, the crimson mermaids seductively called. A second thunderbolt was followed by an enormous splash, this time raising tsunamis of blood in The Ocean. The Omnibeast had been shot down from the starlit skies of outer space, by the flaming arrow of Satan in his Sagittary incarnation, and crashed into the churning sea of blood. 
The Oneirophage swam back from the horizon now and climbed atop the Omnibeast as though it were an island, floating in the middle of The Ocean whose shores had never been glimpsed and probably did not exist, unless they were, perhaps, the very edges of time and space. The Oneirophage lay down atop the Omnibeast while the bestial spaceship drifted, half-submerged in The Ocean, and then all three went to sleep simultaneously. 
The Oneirophage could telesthetically perceive the Omnibeast's sensations as he slumbered. The stains of the bestial spaceship's black and crimson ichor were on his rainbow lips, as well as the rim of the Umbilicus he clutched to his chest in his right hand. He began to sense, now, through the dreaming spaceship, the gentle caresses of Mother Chaos and the Necrodelic, healing the Omnibeast's burns and luring it back to health from the fires which had been blown through its insides. He felt the touch of Mother Chaos on the astral plane, trying to assauge the spaceship's fears and massage away its nightmares. The Oneirophage trembled at the touch of Mother Chaos as he felt it through the Omnibeast. The Dreaming Predator desired the Mistress of Entropy for his own, and would one day claim her as his bride over the corpse of the Necrodelic. 
Just the very thought of the Necrodelic was enough to summon his presence, and now the two stood face to face on the astral plane, sharing a spiritual crossroads with Mother Chaos and the Omnibeast. Their eye contact lasted for several infinite moments before each returned to their bodies, and in that eye contact was the raw stuff of vendetta. The battlefield shifted then to the physical dimension, to the labyrinths of the Omnibeast, where demons played. The psychic wars were, for the moment, over, but there would come a reckoning day in the future where the astral plane would once again be their battlefield, in a spiritual combat where dreams were both blood and weapons, and consciousness itself was the trophy. 

21

The phantom of the Oneirophage floated somnambulantly through the crumbling corridors, floors turning to ash in his wake and old smoke dissipating in the passages. While he slept, his dreams were like werewolves, stalking him and cornering him in the recesses of his own brain before transforming back into intelligent life forms beneath the dawn's light of reason. He cowered at the fringes of his consciousness, hung by loose visceral strings over the abyss of his own mortality as if swinging over Hell by his own guts. When he was disturbed, his specter traveled the fire-blasted wing of the spaceship like a senescent lunatic, muttering to itself, and he longed for the very dreams which haunted him in slumber. But, when he made his way towards the dungeons to gather new dreams, he found every way sealed, not only physically, but with astral barricades and spells of warding as well, no doubt by the touch of the Necrodelic at the ship's control center. The Oneirophage resorted to licking the black flesh of the spaceship, plunging his straw into its cracked and immolated walls and sucking up ash. The cells of the tunnel had yet to repair themselves from the Necrodelic's controlled fire, and their fibers had yet to recollect their genetic knowledge and intelligence. Thus, the wandering shade of the Oneirophage found itself without dreams to devour and returned to its slumbering flesh, settling itself back into its embryonically curled body. 
Some of his older dreams began slowly overtaking the nightmares. Buried too deep in his consciousness, they did not provide him with the sustenance he craved, and thus he succumbed once more to nightmares, preferring them to dreamlessness, his addiction such that even their malefic assuagings were preferable to not dreaming at all. 
The Oneirophage trembled during his hypnogogic ordeals, his flesh jumping in little spots as if it sought to commit suicide by plunging from its own self into the abyss of bodilessness. His muscles quivered like a liquid musical instrument, carrying notes of pain and nausea. He wept in his sleep, yet, paradoxically, frequently ejaculated from both erect penises, aroused into the sadomasochistic tangle of pain, sex, and dream that defined his very essence. 
The Oneirophage became euphoric with nightmare. The raw surges of paranoia had made a toy of his nauseated guts, as if to play a game of evisceration with Satan. Lifted out of his body and jerked into a state of higher consciousness, the Oneirophage could feel Satan ready to play that game of evisceration, ready to play with his every organ as though each were a piece in that twisted game. 
Satan laughed, his voice reverberating through the spaceship halls and sending the specter of the Oneirophage scurrying back once more to its physical body. The Oneirophage broke through the membranes leading to his sanctuary and climbed once more into the pustule that sheltered his slumbering form, blistered into existence when the Necrodelic had besieged the halls with flame. Curled up in white viscous fluid to his chest, the Oneirophage shuddered and sweated. 
The Oneirophage lay in the fetal position, and his surroundings slowly took on the air of a womb, a pus-filled womb. The Oneirophage regressed, was ready to meet his death as the child he had once been, the fetus who had sucked sludge through an umbilical cord, the fanged serpentling who had sucked milk and blood from a nipple, the demonling whose first kill had been the slaying of his own mother, after which he had sucked the dreams from her every orifice and wound. He fingered his straw as cramps overtook him, combining with nausea to abrade him from the inside out. The heat was unbearable. The pus was like a boiling fountain of youth, a pool of innocence regained at the moment of doom. Satan's image filled his mind. The master of the universe reached for the Oneirophage's soul with one externally veined and arteried hand, his red-hot fingernail puncturing his consciousness, sending thoughts flying like debris in excruciating rainbows through his brain. 
"Come, my child..." spoke Satan, "This incarnation has proven futile. ..You are the underdemon... you are dead... you are mine..." 
A crimson eye filled the air in the womb as the hot claw stroked his consciousness, and then the face of Satan coalesced around it. 
The Oneirophage clung to his last dream, his final dream, his ultimate dream, the dream of becoming the Jh'a'vyraa.
"You are no Jh'a'vyraa... Behold...You have never even escaped your mother's womb..."
The Oneirophage held his straw with twitching fingers and tried to suckle upon the eye, but found it ephemeral as mist. The Umbilicus passed right through the floating death's head of Satan and lodged itself in the living flesh of the wall behind it. Instinctively, the Oneirophage began to drink. The Omnibeast had been healed by the thaumaturgies of Mother Chaos, the fires extinguished, the flesh of the sentient spaceship cleansed. After hours of tortured sleep in the incandescent blister, drenched in the night sweats from the boiling temperatures, suffering from massive smoke inhalation and dreaming in heat shimmers and mirages, the Oneirophage was finally able to drink fresh, pure dreams rather than ashes, memories, and agony. Strength poured back into him, filling his muscles, suffusing his scales and skin like armor, balancing his brainwaves, and assuaging his soul. Satan laughed once again and then faded. 
 The Oneirophage drank his fill of the Omnibeast's various dreams and then splashed back against the side of the pus-filled womb, the wall of the spaceship's blister, and gazed out through the transparent membranes at the healthy pulp of healed corridors and passageways. The scenery was beautiful to his dream-drugged mind. He knew, however, that there was no time to enjoy it, for the Necrodelic had discovered his ruse and tracked his exact location. This he had divined by unremembered methods while he slept, half-dead from the smoke inhalation and the scorching heat, in the tenebrous sanctuary of the blister-womb, while infernos raged all around.
The Oneirophage arose on his serpent's tail and slithered over the grey and black corpses littering the small alcove that had been burned into the wall. Their limbed, dried husks were ashen and mummified, some crumbling to dust as he passed over them. The Dreaming Predator burst through the black membrane of the giant blister, the only part of the spaceship that had been left unhealed, as a suppurating landmark to reveal his exact location. Pus dripped from the ceiling as he tore through the thin veils of skin, and then the Oneirophage was free of the accursed antechamber, though still a prisoner within the Omnibeast. Snaking through the corridors, the Oneirophage plotted his next attack.
*
"Sweet evil-ling, you are nothing but a maggot, a maggot in the feces of my sperm...Your doom draweth nigh...I will collect your soul..." 
Satan haunted Chariah like a telepathic vampire, planting words in his vulnerable consciousness and irrigating his brain with razor-fangs and a barbed phallus. Chariah forced his laughing overlord away with a singular push of consciousness, like a sexual thrust, aided from beyond by Mother Chaos. 
 The Necrodelic hunted. To the wing of his bestial spaceship where the Oneirophage lay in waiting he purposefully strode, clad in black onyx armor and armed with a black onyx broadsword and a black onyx shield. He wore a horned helmet over his head, through which his crimson eyes glowed. Large spikes upon his shoulders complemented the horned helmet. His long ebon claws protruded from holes in the gauntlets that covered his fists. A black dragonskin scabbard hung from his waist. A necro-compass was bolted around his left forearm, pointing him towards his prey. He followed its throbbing dial now and came upon the remnants of the Oneirophage's brief sanctuary, a giant burst blister in the wall of the corridor which was still leaking pus. Inside, the temporary shelter was filled with demon ashes and half-cremated corpses riddled with unholy perforations. 
The Oneirophage had fled, leaving the gargantuan blister behind like shed skin. The Necrodelic glanced down at the necro-compass bolted to his gauntlet, and followed its direction as its flesh-magnets pointed him toward potential death. Brandishing his onyx broadsword, Chariah stalked the Oneirophage through the labyrinth, cutting off escape routes and hounding the Dreaming Predator. Confused and lost, the Oneirophage soon found himself cornered in a dead end with the Necrodelic fast approaching. He opened an iron trapdoor in the fleshy floor and dropped onto a catwalk fifty feet below. He landed on his resilient, coiling serpent's tail and looked to either side. The narrow span led to two different portcullises. One of them was opening. 
The sound of chains unraveling and clanging to the floor reverberated in the giant cylindrical chamber. The portcullis was raised, a black adamantium grille stuck like bondage prosthetics into the crimson flesh of the spaceship. A moment later, the Necrodelic stepped forth from the darkness, blackly resplendent in his raven armor, the edge of his onyx sword gleaming even though its blade was more caliginous than midnight. The portcullis dropped behind him, sinking into the flesh of the ground with a splattering of blood, the iron grate impaling the living spaceship. 
The Oneirophage drank in his surroundings. The two of them stood atop a series of bridges made of black adamantium. The narrow catwalks were suspended over a reservoir of blood, whose surface was hundreds of feet below and of indeterminate depths. The reservoir was thousands of feet in circumference, an enormous storehouse of precious blood, the largest amount of blood owned by any individual demon in the entire universe. It was the result of millions of sacrificial victims, and easily the largest room in the entire spaceship, a stark contrast to the asceticism found throughout the rest of the vessel. The catwalks were part of an intricate series of iron bridges, balconies, platforms, and stairways, some balustraded, some not, that stretched like spiderwebs all throughout the reservoir. The Oneirophage was unable to perceive the entire intricacy of the complicated architecture in the murky gloom. Levers and cranks were sparsely interspersed upon the walls and platforms. There were hidden machines and engines at work within the reservoir; they could be heard pumping and churning the blood far below, purifying it and directing it through the circulatory systems of the Omnibeast. There were several hearts beating in the chamber as well, and some of them did not sound as though they were mechanical. 
The Oneirophage had mere moments to take all this in as the Necrodelic approached, his armored footsteps like gongs, his horned silhouette ominous and intimidating. The combination of the labyrinthine network of bridges and the confusion at seeing the Necrodelic armed and in battle garb sowed tremendous amounts of uncertainty and trepidation in the Dreaming Predator. For the first time in all his billions of incarnations, the Oneirophage backed up. Serpents were not constructed to slither in reverse, however, and the Oneirophage found himself off balance as the Necrodelic seized the very moment of hesitation for which he had adorned the suit of armor, the very moment for which he had plotted and planned, the raison d'etre of the psychological warfare which the onyx armor was. Upon this bridge the two demons would do battle above the lake of plasma, trapped blood over freed blood. 
The Necrodelic launched himself through the air in the Oneirophage's direction. His onyx sword slashed, lacerating the Oneirophage across the chest and knocking him further back and onto one elbow, scrambling to hold on to the catwalk with the fingers of his right hand while raising the black widow which was his left for protection. The Necrodelic alighted in the heavy armor with characteristic feline dexterity, but this time accompanied by a loud, tolling clang. That he could even maintain his balance in the suit of armor on a catwalk less than a foot wide was incredible, a testament to his highly evolved levels of demonica. 
The Oneirophage vomited a spray of venom onto the catwalk in an attempt to make the Necrodelic slip and fall from the narrow bridge. Instead, the armor-clad demon trod defiantly through the slick green coat of poison that dangerously lacquered the narrow catwalk, as though he were walking on solid, level ground in the middle of a desert. He swung his onyx broadsword overhand, driving the stumbling Oneirophage further back, narrowly avoiding the keen edge of the dark blade as it repeatedly struck the iron catwalk and sent black sparks raining through the gloom. 
From his supine position, the Oneirophage lashed out at the Necrodelic's legs with his tail. The Necrodelic effortlessly jumped straight up in the air to avoid the serpent's swiping motion, completely unimpeded by the heavy onyx armor, such was his demonic strength. He leaped over the tail's backswing with similar ease and drove his sword down vertically, point first, impaling the Oneirophage by the tip of his tail. The dream-eater thrashed like a fish on a hook, trying to rip himself free. Chariah held the sword fast, pinning the serpentine warrior to the adamantium catwalk, then  tossed his onyx shield onto the Oneirophage, smashing his face and breaking three of his ribs. Chariah, using the onyx broadsword for leverage, vaulted into mid-air, turned upside-down,  and catapulted himself forward. He somersaulted through the darkness to land back-first in his weighted armor upon the shield and the Oneirophage beneath, crushing the dream-eater with a loud, reverberating crash and the snap of more ribs breaking. Blood began to drip from the catwalk to the bridgeworks and reservoir below. 
The Necrodelic slid from the shield feet-first and twisted as he alighted on the catwalk so that he faced the Oneirophage. The Oneirophage pushed at the mass of onyx shield above, trying to rid himself of its stifling weight. The Necrodelic began to rain gauntletted fists upon the shield, scoring its surface and pulverizing the Oneirophage underneath. The Oneirophage attempted to throw the shield off his chest and over the edge of the catwalk to no avail, as the Necrodelic's blows rained down too fast, too hard, and too heavy. The Oneirophage twitched his punctured tail as the Necrodelic continued his bonecrushing onslaught. Using his tail prehensilely, like a third limb, the serpent demon finally withdrew the broadsword from its cleft and then threw it violently at the Necrodelic, end over end. The whistling blade tore through the air, spinning like a gigantic shuriken. Chariah twisted sideways as it flew past, deftly grabbing it by the hilt with his right hand and then pirouetting on the catwalk to deliver a mighty, spinning, two-fisted, overhead blow with the onyx blade, denting its companion shield down the middle. 
The shield slid from the Oneirophage's slick and bloodied chest and head to the side of the catwalk at Chariah's left. The limp body of the Oneirophage was slipping over the edge to Chariah's right. The Necrodelic flung the onyx sword into the distance, end over end with a flick of his wrist, to stick quivering in the crimson wall a thousand feet away. He reached down with his right hand and grabbed the Oneirophage by the hair, preventing him from falling. His left hand retrieved the shield before it toppled into the lake of blood below. Standing atop the catwalk with his ophidian nemesis in one hand and his onyx shield in the other, the Necrodelic began repeatedly bashing the face of the Oneirophage into the shield. After several moments of this, he tossed both Oneirophage and shield high into the air, within inches of one another. As both came down, Chariah leapt up to meet them, spinning in his armor as effortlessly as if it were a mere robe and delivering a flying roundhouse kick to the onyx shield, which then ricocheted into the face of the Oneirophage with an explosion of blood and the loud snap of his septum breaking. 
Not only had Chariah timed the deadly maneuver perfectly, he had controlled the force of his kick so that it would knock the Oneirophage precisely twenty feet into the distance, no more, no less, to land on a platform one hundred feet below. The Oneirophage was accompanied on his descent by the shield, which landed once more atop the Dreaming Predator with a clatter before the thud of flesh had even begun to reverberate in the vast hollows of the chamber. 
Chariah stood atop the catwalk, a hulking silhouette in his onyx armor. He watched as the battered body of the Oneirophage struck the platform below and the shield landed on top of him. For one eternal instant, the Necrodelic loomed, a bird of prey, a reaper on a zenith, and then the Necrodelic leapt from the catwalk. With his arms spread-eagled he plummeted through the darkness, the air whistling through his helmet as he fell cruciform, gaining more and more speed as he made his descent, and then landing chest first on top of shield, Oneirophage, and platform alike, with an impact so great that pieces and shards of flesh, onyx, and adamantium became inextricably intertwined, embedded in and dangling from one another.
The force of Chariah's kamikaze attack drove both he and the Oneirophage through the adamantium platform, leaving behind a jagged hole of twisted, bloody metal. The Necrodelic's dive of death drove them through the platform immediately below, and then two more below that, as well. By the time their fall was finally broken, they had plunged an additional four stories. The sound of onyx armor striking onyx shield was deafening, a thunderbolt that echoed for several minutes. Blood rained down from the spiky pits of mangled iron high above, soaking the platform on which the Necrodelic and the Oneirophage lay in an ever-expanding pool, creeping out in all directions and then dripping over the sides. 
Chariah extricated himself from the pile and staggered to the edge of the platform. He had broken a few ribs himself, and was dizzy from the blow, his horned helmet resonating around his skull, its vibrations ringing in his ears. Meanwhile, the Oneirophage had shrugged off the shield and was rolling to the opposite edge of the platform. Chariah came to his senses in time to make one desperate lunge, but the Oneirophage was too far ahead and rolled away, plunging into the open air. 
The Oneirophage landed on a balustraded bridge below and recollected himself. Overhead, he could hear the gong of the Necrodelic's footsteps as he descended an adamantium stairway. Blood oozed from the Oneirophage's broken nose and dripped from a deep gash in his forehead, and internal injuries caused blood to drool from both corners of his mouth as well. One of his splintered ribs had torn through his flesh and protruded from the bruised skin of his breast. Another part of his chest was caved-in, and a deep diagonal laceration from left shoulder to right hip etched a scarlet furrow in his tattooed flesh. While he waited, the Oneirophage tore loose a jagged piece of adamantium railing to use as a weapon, the spider legs of his black widow hand wrapping around it like eight fingers. His right hand produced the Umbilicus from his wrist. With a click he unlocked its saw-edged switchblade, then assumed his battle posture, a coiled cobra waiting to strike. 
The armored Necrodelic made his way down the stairway, his every step a death knell, his black gauntleted fists drenched in crimson, his onyx armor splattered with drops of blood. He stepped onto the bridge and turned to face the Oneirophage. With dark synchronicity, they simultaneously attacked one another.
The Oneirophage caught the Necrodelic on the side of the face with the railpiece as the Necrodelic slashed a red smile on the Oneirophage's naked torso. They drove each other back and forth along the narrow walkway, neither gaining an inch of ground. The Oneirophage beat the Necrodelic about the head with the piece of adamantium balustrade in a berserker frenzy, knocking dents in his helmet until the Death Addict stumbled with drunken vertigo. The piece of bridge rail eventually cracked after a few deflections from the onyx shield, and then the Oneirophage broke the weakened piece of adamantium in half over the Necrodelic's skull. The Necrodelic swooned and took an unsteady step backwards. Tossing the broken pieces of balustrade over the side of the bridge and into the blood far below, the Oneirophage reared back, hissed, and unleashed a cobra strike that caught the Necrodelic in the face.  
The Oneirophage tossed the Umbilicus in his hand, caught it, and then used the straw to spit precise jetstreams of venom directly into Chariah's eyes, blinding him. He flipped the Umbilicus into the air again, then plunged the switchblade at the opposite end between the eye slits of the Necrodelic's horned helmet and tried to carve the Necrodelic's eyes from their sockets. The Necrodelic was too powerful for that, but the steady stream of blood pouring from the eyeholes of his black helmet augured deep and serious wounds that would continue to blind him. The Oneirophage ripped the onyx shield from the Necrodelic's grasp and began blasting the top of his skull with it. The Necrodelic shook his head like a wolf between blows, flinging blood from his eyes before the onyx shield bludgeoned him once again. The Oneirophage drove the Necrodelic along the bridge to the far wall, then bashed him in the face with the shield. Chariah crumpled in a heap against the wall, his back leaning against it for support. The Oneirophage laid the onyx shield over the Necrodelic's fallen body and clubbed it with his tail, whipping his tail around with sideways gyrations and spinning motions. The dry slaps of scale against gemstone were followed by the crepitus of breaking bones. The Oneirophage continued bludgeoning the Necrodelic with his tail until it was raw and bleeding.
The Oneirophage paused, espying the onyx sword above, still sheathed in the bleeding wound of the fleshlike wall where the Necrodelic had thrown it. The black blade jutted out like the shadow of a crucifix, one hundred and fifty feet overhead. The Oneirophage spun the Umbilicus in his hands, over and under and through his fingers, until he had created a lasso long enough to retrieve the weapon. He cast the Umbilicus upwards to draw the sword from the wall, but the blade would not budge. The sentient spaceship was holding it tight to protect its master. Cursing, the Oneirophage climbed the Umbilicus like a vine to the stuck sword. Once atop the straw's zenith, he pulled and tugged at the hilt of the sword, but to no avail. The flesh of the wall constricted and tightened around the blade. He twisted the sword inside the wound and then began ripping at the flesh around it with his bare hands. Preoccupied, he failed to notice that the Necrodelic had arisen on the bridge far below .
Chariah grabbed the base of the Umbilicus and began to shake it, hoping to dislodge the Oneirophage from his precarious perch, but the dream-eater held fast to the hilt of the sword with both hands. 
"Drakhus," spoke Chariah, and the wall relinquished its grip on the onyx sword. The Oneirophage held it in his right hand, while the living black widow that was his left hand gripped the Umbilicus, and he wrapped his serpentine tail around the lengths of straw. Chariah lifted the entire contraption in his mailed fists and began swinging it like an enormous rattan cane, smashing the Oneirophage into the sides of the adamantium bridges far above. He then swung the Umbilicus overhand like a club, bouncing the Oneirophage's bloody body off of platforms and up and down stairways. The Necrodelic's berserker fury was such that the Umbilicus was a blur as he swung it around in a wicked frenzy, so fast and with such force that the Oneirophage could neither react nor retaliate for several moments, until finally he managed to swing the onyx broadsword at a downward angle and bisect the elongated Umbilicus. 
The Umbilicus was a resilient instrument, and the Oneirophage was able to transform even this truncated piece of the sorcerous straw apparatus into a weblike contraption that knotted itself around the balustrade of a catwalk. Moments later, the Oneirophage was delivered to the railed bridge, spinning the Umbilicus in his hand. He held it to his rainbow lips and inhaled, calling its sundered portions back to it. Those cloven pieces happened to be in the fists of the Necrodelic, and dragged the sable demon through the air with their flight. 
The Oneirophage lay in wait, and swung the onyx sword when the Necrodelic hurtled into range. The blade cracked its kindred armor open and tore a deep gash in the Necrodelic's abdomen and chest. The Umbilicus then shrank back into itself, leaving the Necrodelic suspended in mid-air with nothing to hold onto. The straw slipped from between his gauntletted fists, and the Necrodelic plummeted a thousand feet into the blood reservoir below. 
The Oneirophage immediately followed, leaping from the bridge with arms outstretched like pinions and head reared back to deliver a kamikaze cobra strike. He held the onyx sword in his right hand and the Umbilicus in his left, prepared to attack with both. His prism-plaited hair streamed in the air behind him, as did the Darkprism, blown over his shoulder by the winds of his descent, straining against the chain that held it around his neck. The Oneirophage focused on the concentric ripples and bubbles that marked the spot where the Necrodelic had landed in the blood reservoir. As the crimson plasma grew closer and closer, he could make out the dark form of the Necrodelic beneath the currents. He raised the onyx sword over his head and began to bring it down in a deathblow, with the force of a one thousand foot free fall behind it. 
The Necrodelic lay waiting, submerged in the lake of blood. His hatred of water did not extend to bodily fluids, and blood was another one of his natural environments, another one of his territories, another one of his lairs. When the Oneirophage burst through the surface, brandishing the onyx broadsword in an arcing quietus, Chariah swam to the side as gracefully as the shade of a shark, grabbing the Oneirophage's left arm in both of his and restraining him from behind while the force of his momentum plunged them both to the bottom of the reservoir. Chariah struck pressure points in the Oneirophage's wrist to make him release the onyx sword, then held his arm fast against his armor, hand and fingers splayed forward as they descended into the crimson depths. Chariah's suit of armor was like an anchor, sinking them even more rapidly. Scarlet bubbles whirled upwards from the bottom of the reservoir, and then suddenly the adamantium floor of the giant cylindrical chamber came into view through the liquid vermilion haze. 
The reservoir's bottom was alive with machinery, mechanical hearts beating, engines burning, fans whirring, filters spinning, vacuums sucking, incubators bubbling, submersibles skimming, and large ominous purification devices gurgling, churning, boiling, homogenizing, and amalgamating. The entire collection of intricate machinery resembled a torture chamber, a submerged torture chamber, a torture chamber at the bottom of some Stygian, Acheronic, or Phlegethonic ocean, where mermaid dominatrixes dwelled. 
The Oneirophage began to struggle as he glimpsed the sinister machines. Chariah tightened his grip on the Oneirophage and pinned his arm back at the elbow, so that his hand protruded outright. As they crashed into the adamantium floor, Chariah maneuvered the Oneirophage so that his hand plunged directly into the irising blades of a meat grinder. The flat razors opened and shut, opened and shut, and as they opened, Chariah thrust the Oneirophage's right hand into their midst. When the blades closed again they severed the Oneirophage's hand, to be borne away upon the crimson currents to the innards of the ship.
The Oneirophage clutched his fresh bleeding stump with his spider hand, then cradled it to his chest and swam away from his enemy with one clawing arm. The Necrodelic followed, unsheathing the onyx sword from the bottom of the reservoir where it had stuck fast and hacking at his nemesis with the black blade, once lacerating the Oneirophage along the length of his spine. Finally, defeated, the Oneirophage sought to escape into the blood sewers and excretory systems he could hear running through the lower parts of the ship. He located a small iron grille and ripped it from its hinges, then plunged into the depths below the reservoir, allowing himself to be carried off into the hazardous tunnels by the suction below. The Oneirophage rode the rivers of blood down and away, into a gauntlet of narrow labyrinths and treacherous traps.
Chariah treaded blood for a moment before swimming back to the surface and climbing onto the black adamantium shore of a nearby platform. He would attempt to flush the Oneirophage out of the living pipes from his oracle chambers through the use of controlled floodings, and raise the temperature of the blood to a degree far beyond the boiling point, as well. Hopefully, he would be able to collect the corpse of the Oneirophage to smoke. However, he realized there was a strong possibility that the dream-eating demon would be dissolved, disintegrated, mutilated, or shot into space by the deadly organic processes below. Either way, he did not expect to see the Oneirophage alive ever again. 

22

His bleeding arm-stump forming a crimson confluence with the rivers of blood, the Oneirophage drifted along the sanguine surf of the Omnibeast's living sewers, enduring the sharp turns and declines of the narrow pipes as the blood flowed with the speed of whitewater rapids. Some of the tunnels were barely wide enough for him to squeeze through, bruising his body and abrading his skin and scales. It was a claustrophobic labyrinth, a cramped and unforgiving maze. The sewers were giant veins and arteries interspersed with natural and mechanical valves, and pipes composed of iron that had been ripped from blood cells. These pipes often contained jagged edges around their entrances, exits, and corners, tearing his flesh as he sailed past their saw-toothed spikes. He maintained his strength by sucking dreams from the ship's blood with the Umbilicus, tearing fantasies from iron like baby leeches with his straw as he floated, imbibing the very currents that bore him through the liquid labyrinth. 
As the dreams burrowed like tiny predators into his consciousness, he was overcome with the sensation of swimming to someone's heart, until he could not, at certain moments, distinguish the dream from reality. He was borne through the maze, and he sometimes saw crimson mermaids around the corners ahead, but they had always disappeared by the time he reached them. 
Gradually the blood began to heat, slowly turning lethal at the influence of the Necrodelic, who lurked somewhere in the upper realms of the Omnibeast and was no doubt hooked into the spaceship's nervous system again in an attempt to destroy him. As the already naturally warm blood grew hotter, the Oneirophage was occupied by the ever-changing labyrinth. He frequently had to decide between up to ten different passages in a split second, for that was all the time the rushing currents of blood allowed. To choose erroneously could mean injury or fatality. There were no dead ends in this labyrinth, but there were plenty of pitfalls, traps, and killing machines. 
 There were no patterns either, no order to the tunnels whatsoever, nothing to help one comprehend the intricate twistings and windings. It was a labyrinth of chaos. Dodging giant meat grinders was a matter of timing, slowing down or speeding up to dive through the holes that opened briefly before the blades irised shut again. A giant liquifier loomed ahead, a hideous machine that looked like it would turn the Oneirophage's flesh into colored water. He took a detour through some septic tanks, acquiring malaria and syphilis as he did so. He sucked the sudden chancres from his penis with the Umbilicus and blew them into the crimson wake behind him. The malaria he forced out with one powerful pneuma, the winds of which caused whirlpools and waterspouts in the rivers of blood. 
The sound of trash compactors crashing shut echoed in the distance. Farther on, the Oneirophage observed the garbage spilling from those trash compactors into liquifying machines. As he watched the giant iron contraptions do their work, he realized that he had been correct in his earlier theory that the liquifiers would turn him to water. Not viscous sludge. Not dripping slime. Not even cannibal's wine. Water. Pure, monochromatic, odorless, soulless, crystal-clear water. 
The streams and lakes of plasma had heated to the point where they bubbled as the Oneirophage drifted onwards. Floodgates were opening to increase the blood flow, and the currents bore the Oneirophage on their crimson waves at even faster speeds than before. He washed through some of the floodgates, being sprayed into the air like cataract foam and landing in the blood far below, where he was whisked away again. He traveled sideways in a curving tube against the bulge of the Omnibeast's underbelly. He could hear and taste the cosmos just outside, could feel the passage of solar systems in his serpent glands. Chutes into outer space began opening along the rim, shafts both short and long spewing wreckage and organic detritus into the interstellar voids. The Oneirophage exhaled continuously through the Umbilicus to maintain equal pressurization with the vacuums and avoid a similar fate.
Finally, the now-steaming blood deposited him into the lower digestive, reproductive, and excretory systems of the Omnibeast. The giant, living, pulsing organs of the Omnibeast were multitudinous and resembled fungus demons. The veins and arteries of the spaceship ran directly through their throbbing masses. They were unavoidable and carnivorous, and he would have to go directly through them. 
Each one tried to devour him. A black liver reached out with spongy hands as he sailed its dank caverns, stealing scales and trying to dig its fingers into his flesh to get at the chemicals within. The Oneirophage fought them off as he traveled through. One hand stole a fang while another stole a spider leg from his arachnid hand, then a third ripped off one of his eyelids. Others seemed intent on milking the fluids from his body, dark spongy hands masturbating him for his sperm, sticking their fingers in his mouth for venom, and dabbing up blood from his wounds, then absconding back into their pulpy depths with the precious chemicals. The Oneirophage left many of the soft hands floating in their own veins and arteries before the currents of blood finally bore him onward. 
Kidneys tried to liquify his flesh, passing him through valve after valve, filter after filter, collecting his sweat and blood but unable to turn him into fluids with their weak tissues. They poured salt on him as he exited, corrosive salt that burned his eyes and open wounds, and like some form of acid stinging the parts of his body that weren't injured or exposed. 
The intestines were mazes unto themselves, from which many would never escape, would wander through eternally from dead end to dead end, or in circle after circle, until death or the end of time. They were pitch black inside, as well as completely devoid of sound. The Oneirophage cursed and could not hear his voice. He splashed the rivers of blood around him, and listened to silence. Blind, deaf, and mute, he would have to solve the labyrinth with only his senses of touch, smell, taste, and psychic abilities, and those esoteric perceptions known only to serpents through their specialized glands and pits. He waded through blood, felt his way around ribbony corridors with his black widow hand and his bleeding right stump, using venom to mark where he'd been and attempting to use the holes over his fangs to determine a basic outline or map of the visceral maze. After several hours of wandering, as senseless as a newborn grub, he finally emerged, blinking, from their coiled catacombs. 
He wove his way now through giant wombs, chamber after chamber, each trying to mutate him. They used their umbilical cords like nooses around his throat to strangle him, or like shackles to bind him hand and foot like a dominatrix's lover, then held him captive in their wombs and tried to manipulate his genetics and evolution with psychedelic amniotic fluid and hypnotic suggestions. The Oneirophage feared he would exit the wombs with some chaotic mixture of new attributes like horns, wings, fur, gills, flagellae, teats, a vagina, a second head, an exoskeleton, and worse. The Dreaming Predator was relieved to make his departure from the domineering wombs without any evolutionary enhancements to his body. 
The cloacas that would shoot him into outer space opened at random on the walls and floor, and the Oneirophage had to avoid them like land mines. Finally, he came to a concentric circle of rivers, a downward spiral of blood within the bottommost realms of the spaceship, beneath which he could see the glimmering spires and parapets of his beloved Phantasmagorika. As the blood began to bubble and boil and toss like flames around him, scalding his flesh and raising red blisters on his skin, the Oneirophage used the Umbilicus to blow a hole in the wall of the Omnibeast's underbelly. Phantasmagorika lay directly beneath, still interlocked with the Omnibeast.
The Oneirophage dropped lightly down upon the glittering rooftops of his prism palace, the black mass of the Omnibeast pulsating overhead. The underbelly of the bestial spaceship was dripping incandescent blood, blood as hot as a burning star. The Oneirophage couldn't return to the circulatory labyrinth because of the boiling blood, which would soon be as hot as the flames of Hell and rip the flesh from his bones before incinerating his skeleton and immolating his soul. The Oneirophage watched as the scrotal sacs and wombs dangling from the Omnibeast's belly began to bulge, steam, and hiss as they filled with boiling blood, the ropes of black intestine lurching and sometimes bursting open like hoses to spray igneous blood like lava across the palace roof. The eight legs of the Arachniotics, folded together against the Omnibeast's underside, seemed impervious to the heat and magma, but they were also solid and impenetrable. There was no escape in any direction, no ascending back into the Omnibeast. He would have to return to his prism palace and hope that his larval spaceship had incubated long enough to fly free of its host and progenitor. 
The Oneirophage returned to Phantasmagorika by spiral stairway and evaluated its growth. Its diaphanous walls breathed and pulsated, and there were sufficient amounts of eyeballs, mouths, phalluses, vaginas, and butterfly wings throughout the castle to assure the Oneirophage that it was gestating as planned. Serpentikal had been surgically grafted on as a figurehead and revived as a zombie. The Oneirophage observed that the serpent lord breathed and was coherent. Outside, the palace's four giant diaphanous pinions, two on the west wall and two on the east, had grown considerably and had begun to pulsate and beat with the rhythm of flight.
The Oneirophage explored his fortress until he was assured that Phantasmagorika was strong enough to soar through the cosmos on its own, with the undead corpse of Serpentikal to drag it through the interstellar voids and four pinions to control its speed and direction. He regretted his defeat at the hands of the Necrodelic, but knew that it was best to continue the vendetta at some point in the future, with more dreams and memories accrued within his brain, more black karma dripping like leprosy from his soul, and even greater levels of oneiromancy and bellipotence attained. For now, he needed to heal and complete the transformation of Phantasmagorika, to oversee its metamorphosis and raise it like brood. He could not risk another battle with the powerful Necrodelic at present. It lacerated his pride to flee, to wait, but the stakes were too high in this eschatological war for salvation.

 
23

Chariah felt his wounds cauterize with the indrawn heat of the bong, felt his wounds heal as he smoked the Oneirophage's hand. The severed appendage floated at the top of the bong's heart chamber, ripping apart finger by finger with each breath of the Necrodelic, long painted nails transforming into wet ash. Within the smoke from that hand, Chariah could taste the Oneirophage, taste the Dreaming Predator's very soul, taste that he still lived, taste that he soared away even now in his embryonic spaceship. 
With psychic vision, the Necrodelic watched him depart, then smoked the rest of the hand he'd left behind, burning the lines of divination in his palm down to ashen nothings like the wicks of lit candles, then swallowing them like thin serpents, inhaling tattoos and fingerprints, and then the flesh, blood, and bones beneath them. Slowly, ever so peacefully, Chariah's awareness flowed in rivulets to the astral plane. Mother Chaos gathered the threads of those rivulets, wove them into an altered state of consciousness, and welcomed him into her womb and mouth. 
"My Mother, I have failed."
Myriad tongues slithered their way into Chariah's mouth, born forth from Mother Chaos, then detached and swam down his throat, through his guts, and into his sinuses. They cleared the way for words, astral words, the dream-language of Mother Chaos which could be sensed with all five senses.
"...no, you have only begun...there will be other wars between you and your dream-devouring soulmate...this mission is not yet complete, my messiahling...but now, a new mission awaits...peer with me through the veils of time...gaze into this purple oracle...and observe the akashic records chronicled therein...look upon the origin of the Tantradox...the revolutions of the garden planet of Elasvai...and lo, even now your ship approaches the Dzandra system... where another piece of your destiny will be revealed..." 
After observing the perverted rituals of the Tantradox for several hours within the oracle of Mother Chaos' purple eyes, Chariah blinked and found himself enfolded within the purple wings of his soulmate, riding beneath Mother Chaos like a possum child who had already learned to play dead. Together, Mother Chaos and Chariah traveled through the astral plane. Undead souls drifted by. Elementals played. Stars twinkled. Chariah's long black hair floated behind him, entangling with Mother Chaos' even longer purple hair, catching stardust to shimmer amid their silken strands. 
Chariah could see all the chaos in the universe from his perch, the chaos of the physical plane, which was born here, in the astral plane, the very chaos which Mother Chaos adulated forth, in part to aid him, in part because it was her essence, and in part to defy the order of Satan, the laws of nature, science, ethics, and reality which Satan had created to govern the universe. Mother Chaos was every motion of the universe, but Satan was its every creator. Mother Chaos, omnisentient, was the apotheosis of all pleasure and pain, and a slave to their domineering continuum. 
Chariah gathered a shred of that omnisentience through her spine, up through his penis which grazed her back as he embraced her from behind. A taste of reincarnation, a tingle of immortality, and then all the suffering of decillions of souls, each of which incarnated billion of times for billions of lives filled with suffering, then died billions of deaths and returned to Hell for billions of damnations. Chariah shuddered, knowing he must break this cycle to know peace, and take Mother Chaos with him, to the waiting beyond, to shatter her omnisentience. 
Mother Chaos then turned around to face Chariah, drew his black phallus into her vagina, and loved him with an iron maiden womb, which punctured his astral sex and caused his physical penis to bleed on the plane above. The spikes were sharp and vibratory, and the pain stimulated the Dark Orgasm, stretching Chariah at once to Hell and the physical plane, from genesis to nirvana, before depositing him in the dripping meditation chamber of his spaceship. 
Chariah left the smoky room and followed the maze to his cockpit. Once inside, he seated himself in the black lotus position. As he crossed his legs, his punctured penis touched his thigh with blood and Satan smiled. Chariah attached himself to the chamber's umbilical cords and psychically steered the Omnibeast through the Dzandra system. As the bestial spaceship drifted unto the garden planet Elasvai and the demonic Tantradox, the Necrodelic meditated in the zero-gravity cockpit, floating in mid-air in the black lotus position for several hours, readying himself for the battle to come.  


24

Deep within the gardens of the planet Elasvai, in the sanctuary of the shadows of their nearby citadel, the white marble and heavily vined Fiendfarms, amid sprawling amaranthine fields of medicinal and psychedelic flora, beneath the seclusion of giant belladonna leaves, hidden behind the privacies of poisonous forests and mandalic topiaries, on a bed of diverse flowers, and wreathed in the smoke of lotus and opium, the tantric demons began their ritual. Two soulmates seeking the salvation of the Jh'a'vyraa, the crimson-fleshed, black-horned incubus and succubus arranged their surgical instruments on the flowerbeds and lush grasses like their very destinies. Cloven, six-fingered hands aligned rows of gleaming weapons, sharp surgical tools, and exsiccitae ranging from the pungent to the fragrant. Gently, the two lovers smoked opium from a conjugal pipe, whose bowl was a vagina ringed in blossoming labia and whose twin mouthpieces were the tapering thighs of a spread-eagled sex slave, an incarnadine marble statuette which was a sinister transposition of the busts often found amongst the sculptures of Elasvai, with hips and thighs instead of shoulders and arms, cut off at the knee rather than the elbow, female genitalia chiseled betwixt and atop them, in place of a cold staring head. Inhaling opium from the pornographic pipe, the incubus and succubus began numbing their bodies from the pain to come and imbuing their minds with the higher states of consciousness required for such tantric sorceries and surgeries that were to follow.
When the meadows, flowerbeds, plants, and trees surrounding them had taken on their true mystical properties, when their rose-colored bodies had grown paler and their dark green eyes had shrunken into their skulls, the incubus Drelrei began the ritual, the sacrifice which was rebirth. Humongous scissors gleamed in his hand as he positioned them, one blade over his succubus lover Junisia's right shoulder, one blade grazing her armpit. Slowly, he brought the scissors together. Wetly, flesh tore, muscles recoiled and sprang back, and bones popped. The severed arm fell to the grasses and blossoms beneath, pouring blood throughout the gardens. Paradise had been stained.
Junisia continued the ritual, as Drelrei placed the scissors in the six fingers of her remaining hand. She opened them around Drelrei's left shoulder, the opposite of her own, and yet also the mate of her bleeding socket. Junisia squeezed with her remaining appendage, and Drelrei's arm dropped to land beside that of his lover's, the two severed extremities sharing fluids like copulating worms.
Drelrei continued the ritual with a scalpel, slicing downward from the gaping wound of Junisia's armpit, opening up the entire right side of her body, all the way to the delicate, cloven hoof on the stained grass below. His erect, opium-engorged penis knew no difference between the long wound and a giant virgin's vagina whose hymen had just been burst and was leaking crimson nepenthe. The engorged phallus began to instinctively drip semen from the large crimson caldera in its tip. Junisia then applied the same dripping scalpel to her incubus soulmate, opening a mirror-image of her own elongated laceration upon Drelrei's left side, her lover's surgery revealing his blood, tissues, and inner organs as if they were private parts, genitalia awaiting her touch. She dropped the scalpel, caressed the length of the wound, and looked lovingly into her soulmate's eyes.
Drelrei was already preparing for the next stage of their surgery. He held two glistening black needles in his hand, one of which he gave to Junisia. They then began to sew their veins and arteries together, severing their blood vessels and then tying them in intricate knots or fusing them at their sundered, dripping tips. Arteries, veins, arterioles, venules, and capillaries were threaded through the eyes of the black needles and sutured to each other, then stitched into exposed muscle tissues in elaborate red tapestries. Arterioles were inserted into arteries and venules were inserted into veins, and sometimes capillaries were inserted into those same arterioles and venules, and then all was hermetically sealed. Interweaving their circulatory systems into one continuous network of conjugal blood vessels, Drelrei and Junisia now shared each other's blood and could feel one another's heartbeat. The bleeding of one was the bleeding of both, their bodies bonded and bound by a lover's symbiosis. 
Gathering a fistful of ropes made from hemp, Drelrei beckoned his lover to rise. Slowly, lovingly, as one, they sewed their bodies together with the hempen ties, flesh to flesh, bone to bone, consummating their devotion to one another by becoming Siamese twins. The needle flashed in and out of their scarlet, exposed muscle as they performed the tantric surgery, drawing them closer with every stitch until their anatomies were inextricably enmeshed.
As Siamese twins, the incubus and succubus made love. The Tantradox folded the two halves of their conjoined bodies together, like the wings of a butterfly, satyriasis and nymphomania merging into one tantric continuum. Drelrei caressed the black nipples upon Junisia's swollen breasts with his clawed and cloven hand, while she in turn fondled his disproportionately large genitals with tapered fingers and curled fingernails.
Drelrei massaged the two small horns on Junisia's forehead and wrapped himself in her twining ankylosaurus tail. Junisia ran her palm and her sable scalplock along the black dragon scales that ran from Drelrei's skull all the way down his spine, to the morning star of spikes at the tip of his stegosaurus tail. They kissed with opium breath that drugged them even further, biting each other with black fangs, probing one another with barbed alien tongues and mouths within mouths within mouths. Junisia's ten clitorises resonated in perfect synchronicity with Drelrei's ten testicles. 
As they lay together some time later in postcoital serenity, Drelrei whispered to Junisia, "Soon, my love, we shall become the Jh'a'vyraa. Everyone, the entire universe, will be dead, and then, at last, we can be alone."
Junisia sighed and kissed her Siamese twin lover as he ran his cloven hand along her hundredfold labia. She caught the tip of his monstrous phallus and its cavernous crimson opening in her thin fingertips as he did so. For the rest of the day the Tantradox lay entwined with itself upon the gradually flattening flowerbed, trampling the fragrant petals beneath their tantric intercourse. During periods of postcoital tranquility they philosophized together, imbibing wine and nectar from golden chalices arabesqued with tantric erotica, whose handles were caryatids and telemones. They ingested various torrefied herbs, petals, and leaves from pornographically sculpted hookahs and syringes.
 From time to time they were visited by Pestilentia, Empress of Insects, who had followed the scent of opium and opium trances alike, the sickly sweet sugars of sperm and milk, and the stench of freshly severed limbs to the garden planet. A titaness the size of a spaceship, Pestilentia was a living death-trap whose flesh was a golden-brown melange of honey, opium, amber, and ectoplasm, within which could be seen the trapped and perfectly preserved corpses of thousands of insects, beasts, and demons. Her body was jointed and segmented like machinery. Her hindlegs were the powerful jumping catapults of the flea, her forelegs the incessantly cleaning, prehensile appendages of the fly, and her pincers the lethal forceps of the praying mantis. A giant scorpion's tail had been bestowed upon her by her sister, Spidratha, a stinger the size of a lance, dripping with deadly venoms. Her massive wings were the wings of the wasp, her plastron and carapace the impenetrable shell of the cockroach, her mouth the mandibled reaper of the locust, her nose the proboscine siphon of the mosquito, and her eyes the multiple, window-paned ommatidia of the spider. She had long, brown, semiliquid hair which flowed like syrup over her spiky back, towering and teeming termite mounds for breasts, and a bee hive for a vagina. Her entire body was honeycombed and served as a hive for millions of living insects, those that managed to avoid the sticky trap of her flesh, flying and crawling through the black, shadowy spaces between her joints and segments, and in and out of her eyes, proboscis, mouth, nipples, vagina, dorsal spikes, stinger, and other various orifices and tunnels, both natural and unnatural. She hovered on loudly whirring wings above the conjoined lovers, watching them with a myriad of voyeuristic eyes.
Pestilentia flitted in and out of their circle throughout the day, visiting them during each postcoital meditation, sometimes bringing them offerings of opium which they all smoked together. As the sun set, the ruler of all insects offered the lovers one million sacrificial victims for usage in their mutations and genetic experiments. Pestilentia, however, was a bitch deity and a destruction addict, and desired in return the devourment of several crops and the infestation of several gardens.
"Begone, virulent one," Drelrei commanded, and Pestilentia flew back into the cosmos amidst a cacophonous buzzing of wings and a high-pitched chirping of curses, heading back towards whatever planet she'd been ravaging before being distracted by the scent of their ceremony, or perhaps retreating to her mysterious Darkhive, or the clandestine, cabalistic, fabled lair of her reclusive lover, Lord Panzebub, the location of which was known to none save the insect kingdom and omniscient Satan in Hell below.  
Later that evening, Drelrei and Junisia began the three-day copulation that would complete their metamorphosis. Inside a greenhouse pagoda of the Fiendfarms, the Tantradox made love to itself, heliotropic plants growing and blooming toward the burning light of their souls, the smell of recently-smoked opium and jasmine-scented aphrodisiacs strong in the perfumed air. The Tantradox seduced itself in a shower of moonbeams, refracted by the skylights above into a jewelled rainfall. Throughout and around the white marble palace of the Fiendfarms they continuously made love, rolling through the gardens, courtyards, greenhouses, pagodas, menageries, laboratories, abattoirs, and Stormtower of their citadel, and through the acres of towering psychedelic crops and multi-colored flowerbeds surrounding it. Their tantric sex nursed them both back to health, its healing powers cauterizing, closing, and hermetically sealing their wounds. Even their scars dissipated, leaving behind healthy, continual bridges of flesh.The Tantradox committed sexual suicide and sexual homicide, one Siamese twin at a time, with hara-kiri thrusts of Drelrei's penis and hara-kiri impalings of Junisia's womb, and torture rack stretchings of Drelrei's lingham by Junisia's yoni, wringing the sperm from Drelrei's turgid member. One Siamese twin at a time, the Tantradox's two souls traveled in and out of their respective body-halves, joining their astrosomes so that they would now astrally project as a single entity, and, if ever they were damned to Hell, they would be eternally tortured as one single spirit.  Gradually, throughout this sexual ritual, their sewn-together flesh melded seamlessly, while their heartbeats, their breaths, and all their inner processes and bodily functions synchronized. Their biorhythms and astrologies aligned. They soon discovered, in their newly transmogrified form, that they could feel each other's orgasms. They were a single demon now, twice as powerful as before, ready to battle the universe with their sexual sorceries and become the Jh'a'vyraa.
On the fourth day the Tantradox emerged from the Fiendfarms onto a balcony ringed with caryatid and telamone balusters. The balcony projected from the citadel's front and overlooked a pair of Siamese twin brontosauruses below. The behemoths had been naturally conjoined inside their shared egg and thusly hatched and raised, an extremely rare phenomenon of genetics and evolution which, like other rare freakish geminis throughout Elasvai's beast and demon populations, had been worshipped by Drelrei and Junisia for centuries. 
The dinosaurs were restrained by a spiked leather harness which girdled their immense torsos and yoked their scaly girth to the Fiendfarms with multiple leashes and reins. With a whip in each hand, the Tantradox urged the brontosauruses forward, dragging the entire stone-wheeled citadel over the ground and across the garden planet like some megachariot.
The effects of the opium, lotus, and psychedelic aphrodisiacs faded as Drelrei and Junisia were borne along in their mobile fortress, gazing upon the landscapes of their lush and paradisiacal world. The ritual was complete. Where there had been pain, there was now only pleasure. Where there had been superfluous limbs, there was now only union. Where there had been two, there was now one. Drelrei and Junisia had been permanently fused into the Tantradox, and, together, as a single entity, they shared a single dream, a single destiny, and a single raison'd'etre: to slay the universe so they could be alone, in Siamese twin sadomasochistic ecstasy, for all of eternity, the way true incubus and succubus lovers should be.

25

The Omnibeast swooped down like a bird of prey from outer space, its behemoth shadow creating artificial nights in the jungles, forests, and fields over which it soared, awakening nocturnal animals in its dark and mammoth wake. The bestial spaceship's four figureheads spun on a spinal axis buried deep in its skeleton, its bones shifting like tectonic plates, an intricate orthomachine. The Overdragon breathed flames across the garden planet of Elasvai, igniting forest fires that dotted the landscape with bright orange conflagrations, like the calderas of lit pipes or the tips of hemp-filled cigarettes. Scythetooth caught bats, black eagles, and harpies out of mid-air, impaling them on his titanic fangs or engulfing them with one bite, chewing them up in the iron maiden of his teeth or swallowing them whole. War Mantis, likewise, grabbed pterodactyls as they flew past, gripping them tight in his pincers and biting their heads off with one swift motion, then casting their decapitated bodies to the ground below.
Chariah flew the Omnibeast from the womblike cockpit deep in the spaceship's interior, using oracles to navigate and telepathic umbilical cords to steer and command his bestial vessel. As he gazed through the window-like oracles throughout the chamber, he noticed that War Mantis was not decapitating his prey once, but twice, thrice, and sometimes even more. The demon raised the optic umbilical cords of Scythetooth to his crimson eyes and watched as the fanged beast snatched hordes of bats and other flying creatures out of the skies with his towering incisors and masticated their broken-winged flesh. Each of the bats had two or three heads or more. One had eight. Every manner of animal consumed by the sabre-toothed figurehead, from dragonflies to hawks to harpies, had multiple heads. He observed the pterodactyls struggling in the deadly embrace of War Mantis, and discovered the same phenomenon. The insect figurehead was decapitating each winged dinosaur more than once, but each head shared a single body. They were all conjoined beasts. Siamese twins.
The surreal revelation elicited a nameless response in the Necrodelic. There was something disturbing, something unnatural about the mutants that he couldn't quite identify, a vague sense of perverted nature and alien philosophies at work, with a twist of angst, dread, and nausea. The flight of some was unbalanced and erratic, often seeming drunken or epileptic. It was as if they soared with a limp or a damaged nervous system, lurching, staggering, flailing. Their sense of balance and equilibrium had been upset, and the distribution of their body weight was uneven. Many of them were visibly suffering. Sometimes tragic, sometimes repulsive, and always hypnotically surreal, they were among the strangest abominations the Necrodelic had ever witnessed.
Preoccupied with his observations of the menagerie of conjoined animals, Chariah flew the Omnibeast into a trap. The spaceship skimmed along the treetops of a massive forest, whose trees were several miles tall and whose canopy camouflaged all beneath it. Upon closer examination, the Necrodelic found that the green leaves which formed the treetops were not leaves at all, but fingers and phalluses. Their green was the green of reptile scales. The scales did not form one continuous integument, however, but were each a separate entity, phalanges and genitals rustling in the winds like hair or fields of grass, parting and rearranging. Entire hands, with anywhere from three to a hundred fingers, were folded together as though in prayer, or clasped one another as though in greeting. Some of the hands had ophidian fingers, rising like cobras and erections. Fingers reached out or balled themselves into fists. Penises twined between both fingers and each other. Hands masturbated phalluses like snake handlers. Curved fingers performed fellatio on penises. The treetops were a writhing, seething mass of life.
It was through this scaly, sentient, living integument that the branches of the forest suddenly reached upwards, and the branches were made not of wood, but of flesh, with fingers and phalluses for twigs, and mouths and vaginas for knotholes. They grabbed at the Omnibeast with their million writhing limbs, grappling, clawing, pulling the bestial spaceship down from the sky. Chariah channeled all his dark energy into the spaceship, and it struggled like a fly in a spiderweb, rising against the living tethers, trying desperately to escape the tangled trappings of the Forest of Flesh. The murderous maws of Scythetooth and War Mantis amputated branches left and right, ripping them from their trunks and tossing their dismembered remnants high into the air. The mutilated trees dripped not sap, but blood, as crimson and viscous as that of an animal.
The Overdragon breathed fire and the reaching limbs blackened, their burned skin blistering, cracking, and crumbling. Still, the Forest of Flesh dragged the Omnibeast inexorably downward, its Arachniotics kicking frantically, its mouths screaming, its eyes agape in horror. Every time its living branches were severed or destroyed, the Forest of Flesh, like a hydra, immediately regenerated longer, more powerful limbs in greater numbers. Every time one of its soldiers were wounded or killed, its army swelled in numbers. The battle was a downward spiral. The Forest of Flesh paradoxically multiplied via reduction, and was fortified by its own destruction. The more Chariah and the Omnibeast fought, the stronger their enemy became, like a gargantuan virus mutating and evolving over time, responding to every cure by becoming even more powerful. 
The Darkworm was subdued and used like a rope by the trees to help rein the spaceship in. The Omnibeast roared and fought madly, but was finally swallowed up by the Forest of Flesh and bound tightly by the countless prehensile appendages which formed its branches. The roots of the trees were intestines, and these rose from the ground like hatching serpentlings to help subdue and bind the spaceship. After mere minutes, the Omnibeast hung like a corpse from a gallows in the viselike living branches, suspended in mid-air over the visceral forest floor. The canopy of the Forest of Flesh had closed its scaly, hairlike integument over its captor, camouflaging it in their midst from any who soared above. The Omnibeast had been captured in a natural cage, a prisoner of the garden planet.
The Forest of Flesh not only resembled an organism, but it possessed and utilized tools like one as well. The mouth of the Overdragon was bound shut with lengths of black barbed wire. The pincers of the War Mantis were immobilized in adamantium handcuffs. A giant iron wrecking ball served as a ball gag for Scythetooth. The Darkworm had been choke-collared from base to tip. The eight heads of the Hydratowers were each restrained by garrotes. The eight legs of the Arachniotics were broken and placed in sadomasochistic bondage-slings and spiked casts, the type that dominatrices with a fetish for broken bones used upon their lovers and victims. The tips of the spider appendages were inserted into giant thumbscrews. The Omnibeast was thoroughly and utterly imprisoned and immobilized in the Forest of Flesh.
As the trees twitched and their wounds healed, a dark red stain was growing in the underbelly of the Omnibeast. Internal injuries seemed to be leaking blood to its nadir, where it pooled against the flesh from within. Pieces of plastron became soaked with plasma and fell away. The stain grew more and more crimson within the flesh, and the bolus of blood pushed at the black skin of the Omnibeast like a fetal incubus about to be born. Blood spattered the forest floor far below. The underbelly of the Omnibeast swelled up like an impregnated womb, distended with internal hemorrhaging. The blood began to spill more freely. Shadowy forms stretched against the tissues of the spaceship's abdomen. The wet sound of placentas ripping and tearing filled the forest air. A crimson shower of blood poured from a new orifice in the Omnibeast's underbelly, dousing the ground below. With a burst of darkness and amniotic fluid, the Necrodelic tore through the ventral flesh of the Omnibeast with his bladelike claws, ripping himself out of his spaceship from to dangle from a grappling hook embedded in the Omnibeast's guts, then riding a black length of coil and a crimson cataract of blood to freedom. The vermilion waterfall splashed into the swamp of the forest floor. Chariah landed gently in the marsh, aided by the grapnel lodged in the innards of the Omnibeast miles above.
The Necrodelic tugged upon the coil, and a pentagram-shaped grappling hook fell from above as if summoned to his hand. The lengthy cord retreated into a thin scabbard carved beneath the skin of the Necrodelic's wrist and forearm. He caught the spinning pentagram deftly in his right hand, where it lodged in five small sheaths of flesh inside his palm, ready to be whipped out again in a nanosecond, if necessary.
Chariah looked around and began to walk through the Forest of Flesh. The marshlike surface was rotten, composed of the fluids, regurgitations, excrements, and diseases of its trees. A brackish, mephitic, knee-deep melange of blood, pus, vomit, bile, amnion, sperm, fungus, leprosy, decay, and half-submerged body parts formed a swamp of gore. The Necrodelic shuddered as he waded through the sludge, his aversion to water, even in such a semi-liquid state, briefly overwhelming his flesh.
Branches swung at the Necrodelic with fists and slashed at him with claws. The mighty demon severed limbs with dark efficiency, leaving them to writhe in the murky swamps like feeding crocodiles. They were replaced almost immediately, in multitude. The intestines which formed the Forest of Flesh's roots reared up like cobras as Chariah passed. Those that attacked were sundered. The entrails pumped nourishment to the trees from the soil in a sort of perverted digestive system, a reverse digestive system whose strange purpose was unknown. Their strange black foodstuff poured into the swampy waters as they were sliced in half. 
As the trees grew more aggressive, Chariah threw fireballs and breathed flame with equal force, and setting parts of the Forest of Flesh were ablaze. Some of the trees began quivering in fear, their skinlike bark growing sweaty and runneling with perspiration, their branches submissively pulling away from the Necrodelic as he trod in their direction. Some of the trees remained aggressive, while others seemingly ignored him, neither attacking or withdrawing, neither enraged or frightened. It was as though every tree had its own personality. The Necrodelic slashed his way through an army of striking, coiling, and constricting visceral roots to the base of one of the massive tree trunks. Examining it more closely, he could see the veins and arteries pumping beneath the soft skin that took the place of bark. Chariah hissed. Looking around, he noticed that the trees had faces as well, sunken into the trunks at varying heights, dispersed seemingly at random throughout the forest, murmuring to themselves or conversing amongst each other in alien languages. The undersides of living branches often bore breasts and testicles like fruit, and vaginas which served as lairs for two-headed arboreal creatures.
Chariah touched the skin of the peach-colored tree he had been examining. It was as soft as flesh. Other trees varied in color and feel. Some were albino, some dark brown, while others bore the scales and snakeskins of reptiles or the red and black flesh of various demons. Chariah ran a single claw along the trunk of the tree, opening a small surgical incision in its skin. The cut welled up with blood, dripped for a while, slowed, and then coagulated, leaving behind a dark scab. The Necrodelic struck a sudden blow to the tree with the back of his hand. The skin purpled and bruised with the force of his blow. The sentient tree whimpered.
The Necrodelic had abandoned his captured spaceship with only two items on his person. One of them was the pentagram-shaped grappling hook which he had used in his descent from the Omnibeast. He utilized this device now, turning his right hand upward and sliding the pentagram-shaped grappling hook out from its five tiny sheaths of skin in his palm. He tugged on the black cord coiled beneath the flesh of his hand, wrist, and forearm, then swung the five-pointed grapnel over his head and lodged it in one of the branches miles above. Droplets of blood flowed down the taut black wire as Chariah ascended into the air.
The adamantium coil bore him swiftly upwards, his long black hair streaming behind him. As the cord used itself up, it recoiled itself beneath the Necrodelic's skin, sheathing itself in its scabbard of flesh until needed again. Alighting silently upon the large branch, Chariah slid the grappling hook back into the open sections of skin on his palm. He then brought forth the second item with a half-swallowing, half-fire breathing motion. A compact, obsidian pipe unfolded from beneath his tongue, growing and expanding until it emerged from his mouth. The pipe clicked and turned and rearranged itself with tiny gears, transforming into a miniature sculpture of a winged dragon, whose mouth opened on hinges so that it could be filled with drugs. Far less effective than the Bloodbong, it would nonetheless provide the Necrodelic with the sustenance he needed while forced into exile from his intergalactic lair. 
Chariah filled the sable dragon pipe with the skin, flesh, and blood of the sentient trees, ripping chunks of flesh right out of the trunks and branches around him, and opening gaping wounds overhead so that he could catch the dripping blood with the pipe. He caught and crushed a two-headed hawk in his fist as it flew by. Chariah squeezed and pulped the blood, organs, and entrails of the conjoined bird over the dragon's mouth bowl of the pipe, then stuffed the limp corpse inside after them. The Necrodelic then seated himself in the black lotus position upon the base of the branch, his spine against its trunk. He placed the mouthpiece of the pipe, the tip of the spiked tail of the dragon, between his charred lips. Using his pyromantic powers, he breathed forth the fires of Hell, to light the flesh and blood within the pipe. For a moment, an interplanal portal opened in his lungs, through which he could feel the heat of Hell and catch a brief glimpse of damned souls being tortured in the underworld, as well as the voyeuristic red eyes of Satan. The flesh in the dragon pipe's fanged mouth ignited, and as Chariah inhaled, its mechanical wings began to flutter. When he exhaled, the dragon's mouth spat fire, and its wings beat as though it were soaring the skies. Chariah drifted into a deeper state of consciousness, a higher state of awareness, a darker version of evil. He observed the Forest of Flesh with bloodshot eyes. All the trees were connected like Siamese twins, joined at the arm, the hip, the head, or the groin, in every conceivable variation. Some bore the stitchlike scars of surgery, others looked as though they had been fused or grafted together. There were faces everywhere, on every type of body part. Sometimes the fingers, arms, and phalluses grew their own fingers, arms and phalluses, which then repeated this process themselves, sometimes to infinity. The Forest of Flesh was one continuous conjoined entity, a million souls sharing one piece of flesh, the apotheosis of the Tantradox's sorcery. 
His astral body began to tremble, then wriggled free into the air, and Chariah projected through the Forest of Flesh. Everywhere there were two-headed animals, Siamese twins, from spiders and nightworms and mosquitoes to doves and hawks and owls, from sloths and fauns and wolves to lions, manticores, and centaurs, surgically and genetically welded together at hundreds of different points by various body parts. The Tantradox was more than a tantric demon, more than a conjoined incubus and succubus with the powers of a high-ranking occult sex-wizard. The Tantradox was also a practitioner of sorcerous breeding programs and selective mutation, a genetimancer, creating and altering life in its own twisted image. It was an ancient order of tantra they practiced, one which encompassed not only orgies and sexual ceremonies and sacrifices, but the births and offspring which those rituals begat, as well.
Flying high above Elasvai in his astral body, Chariah observed as much as possible about the garden planet during his drug trip, etching maps of blood in his brain with psychic blades for his memory to absorb, noting various features of the landscape, climate, foliage, and indigenous life forms. The planet had an extremely high population, and was home to thousands of wild animals.
Throughout his astral projection, the Necrodelic hunted the Tantradox with his sorcerous powers of demonsight and echolocation. The Siamese twin demons had highly developed powers of camouflage, both physical and spiritual, an aspect inherent to and derived from their garden planet and its flora and fauna, which hunted and were hunted amongst the foliage-laden paradise in an eternal predator/prey continuum. This camouflage forced Chariah to employ a third method, a spell of temporary prescience, which finally enabled him to locate the whereabouts of the Tantradox. 
Gazing through time, the clairvoyant vision of the Necrodelic revealed the form of his Siamese twin adversaries  approaching the Forest of Flesh from the northeast in the near future. Observing this, it became clear to Chariah that their first encounter would be in the very Forest of Flesh which had imprisoned his spaceship.
Returning to his corporeal form, Chariah found that midnight had descended upon Elasvai. Midnight was one of the Necrodelic's natural habitats, and, when planet-bound, it was to his advantage to battle at night, when his nocturnal powers and sorceries were at their peak. The nights on Elasvai were brief, though, because of the demand for sunlight by the gardens that ruled it and the extremely eccentric and frequent tiltings of the planet. With this in mind, Chariah touched the phallus of the dragon pipe with the tip of his tongue, triggering the mechanism that made the pipe refold itself and retreat to its lair inside his mouth. He slid the pentagrammed grapnel  from beneath the skin of his palm and measured a small length of coil in his hand, and then, with burned flesh on his breath, murder on his mind, and Hell in his eyes, took to the trees in search of the coming Tantradox.

26

As the towering citadel of the Fiendfarms shrank beneath the verdant horizons, dwindling from sight in the distance behind them upon the veranda where they had left it, the Tantradox rode a pair of Siamese twin chimeras to an ancient temple. The chimeras were bound in a spiked leather harness, and shared a single bridle and saddle as well as flesh, blood, and organs, a bestial bondage signifying its submission to the Tantradox. Its saddle was ten feet tall and Drelrei and Junisia sat atop it like monarchs, the conjoined king and queen of Elasvai.  Drelrei held the chimeras' reins and Junisia held a long whip, like a dominatrix. Together, as one, they steered and directed their congenitally joined chimera steed, rearing it in and lashing it as necessary, until they arrived at the stairway to the temple. 
The paws of the six-legged mutation padded softly upon the stone steps as it bore its master to the entrance of the stone edifice. The temple had no roof, and thus permitted the yellow sun Dzandra to shine its light down upon its chambers. The Tantradox rode the conjoined chimeras to the center of the temple. They stepped from the saddle to a high altar that had been engraved with the sexual sigil of yin and yang.
Their cloven hooves clattered upon the stone altar and echoed throughout the empty temple. Drelrei continued to hold the chimeras in check while Junisia lowered a gallows that was hanging overhead. Together, they tied the reins of the chimera and the straps of its spiked leather harness through several of the small holes in the gallows, knotting them tightly into a series of body nooses. After removing the saddle and casting it to the floor ten feet below, the gallows was raised back up so that the Siamese twin chimeras dangled helplessly over their heads, its six legs clawing at the air, its weight causing the gallows pole to creak and make sharp cracking noises.
The Tantradox spent the next few hours smoking opium and psilocybin from pornographic pipes, their mouths within mouths within mouths chanting spells and mantras in ancient Elasvaian languages. They made love upon the bloodstained altar, imitating the sounds of various beasts as they fornicated. When midnight came like a saviour, the Tantradox was deep in a psychic and tantric trance. Together, with their hands mirroring one another, Drelrei and Junisia drew a ceremonial dagger from a built-in sheath on the gallows pole. Moving slowly, as if in a dream, the Siamese twin lovers raised the blade over their  skulls and inserted the knife just below the hanging chimeras' ribcage, in a hollow between its middle foreleg and a conjoined bone socket.
The Tantradox began to surgically drag the dagger along the creature's abdomen with one long motion. The chimeras roared and thrashed, but still the Tantradox maintained the same slow cutting motion, oblivious to the temple-rattling screams of agony and the slashing claws of the beast as it swayed in mid-air on its leather body-nooses, fighting desperately to free itself from its harnessed bondage to the gallows. Deliberately, in dream-motion, the Tantradox sliced the Siamese twin chimera open from breast to genitals. Fur and flesh parted, and blood began to drip upon the altar, collecting and runneling along the carven circle and wavy meridian etched into the stone. The Tantradox spent nearly an hour cutting the beast open with one continuous meditative motion, their hands moving the ceremonial dagger so smoothly and slowly that its movement was barely perceptible, like when watching stars moving through the skies, blood coagulating into a scab, or a corpse decaying over a period of days. Once the incision was complete, the Tantradox leaned back against the gallows pole, still gripping the ceremonial dagger between its hands, and waited with tantric patience for their handiwork to take effect. The long gash upon the conjoined chimeras' underbelly had been performed as cleanly and as straightly as if by surgery, as if done with a thin scalpel on a bloodless cadaver. Its rims were crimson and smooth, its opening but a slit, like a pursed vagina. The wound barely bled at first, but this was not to last. After a few minutes, the belly of the Siamese twin chimeras began to bulge and swell, as though it were about to give birth. Then blood began to rain. The slit became a laceration and then a gaping deathblow, dilating like a vagina and then opening wide like the jaws of an Acheronic shark. Loops and coils of entrails suddenly began to emerge, dangle, and drop, and then two entire sets of intestines burst from the vivisected beast and fell in a hot pile across the altar of sacrifice, labyrinthine mounds of gore landing with wet slapping noises and splattering sounds, obscuring the engraved yin-yang symbol beneath.
Overhead, the death throes of the Siamese twin chimeras rocked the entire gallows. Its tormented roars shook the walls of the temple. The Tantradox paid the dying beast no heed, however, chanting tantric spells and drawing runes of blood in the thin tissues of the excavated innards with sharp black claws and curling fingernails. As the conjoined chimeras slowly perished above, the Tantradox began to copulate amongst their eviscerated intestines, laying down atop the altar of sacrifice and folding themselves together to fornicate in the gore, making love upon a bed of entrails. Drelrei and Junisia rolled and writhed amongst the warm intestines, its lengths twining around their arms and legs and encircling their bodies as they did so. Junisia's scalplock dipped repeatedly into the blood, until it was sopping wet, and her jet hair seemed more crimson than black. Drelrei's ten testicles resonated harmoniously with Junisia's ten clitorises. Their bodies drenched in blood and wrapped in intestines, their souls alight with tantric sex, Drelrei and Junisia came to simultaneous orgasm amongst the offal at the exact moment the Siamese twin chimeras shuddered and died on the gallows above.
The ritual was half complete. The Tantradox carefully stood up amongst the loops of intestines. Junisia pulled a pipe from her dripping scalplock and they smoked more opium and psilocybin. Once the proper state of consciousness had been achieved, the Tantradox began to study the patterns of the entrails they had made love in. They observed the way the entrails had fallen, the distances, the shapes, the labyrinths, and the impressions of their own bodies upon them. They noted the way the blood had flowed, the hieroglyphics it had written. They could read the future in the spilled intestines of the conjoined chimeras, their demonic skills of tantric haruspication feeding their eyes with revelation after revelation until their brains felt as though they would burst.
One thing, more important than all else, was foretold not only in the patterns of intestines and blood, but in the signs left by the Siamese twins' tantric sex. Where Drelrei and Junisia had made love upon the altar of sacrifice, they had unwittingly created a bloody chiaroscuro of the Necrodelic, and their indentations and sexual sculptings of the intestines had raised an abstract relief of the flesh-smoking demon within his own crimson outline. The future was clearly etched before them in a work of sacrificial art. Similar rituals, which were performed routinely by the Tantradox, had hinted at this potential future in the past, and would continue to confirm these divinations over the next several weeks. The higher levels of evil now possessed by Drelrei and Junisia, having been unleashed when incubus and succubus had been reborn into the archetypal form of the Tantradox, had strengthened and darkened the gravity of their shared soul, thus pulling adversaries and soulmates into their orbit like planets and stars. Their newfound powers had not gone unnoticed amongst demonkind, and the Tantradox was beginning to attract vendettas like erotomaniac and nymphomaniac necrophiliacs to mass graves of fresh bleeding corpses.

27

Drelrei and Junisia were, and had always been, nomads, continually wandering the gardens of Elasvai together. Whether in the enormous wheeled citadel of the Fiendfarms, on the backs of beasts of burden, or by their own hooved and cloven foot, Drelrei and Junisia maintained a perpetual state of peregrination. The very planet itself was their lair, their sanctuary, and their palace, and Drelrei and Junisia perpetually explored and circumnavigated their paradise, experimenting with its ambrosias, discovering its strange secrets, and communicating or battling with its plants and wildlife. The lovers never remained in any one territory for long, rarely making love, partaking of food and drugs, or performing their tantric ceremonies in the same place for more than a day. Drelrei and Junisia were simultaneously feral and enlightened, their wanderings equal parts hunting and gathering, musk and bloodlust, warmongering and spirit quest. The Tantradox was an eternal gypsy, a beast migrating to the end of time, a demon on a pilgrimage to the edge of the universe.
 This day, however, was different, a day foretold by haruspicy and predestined in Hell. The Tantradox spent this day observing the heavens from a hillside precipice several miles high, where coca plants grew one hundred feet tall, awaiting the shooting star that had been augured in the designs of the eviscerated Siamese twin chimeras' entrails several nights ago. The tallest amongst the Cliffs of Caine, the precipice was the highest point on all of Elasvai, the zenith of the garden planet. It served as the Tantradox's observatory, for it was the best location for stargazing and astrological divination on the entire paradise planet.
Chewing on coca leaves, Drelrei and Junisia studied the sapphire skies. With their senses heightened and their consciousness quickened, not a detail of the landscape nor the heavens escaped their dilated eyes. Herds of animals roaming the plains below could be seen individually, their features clear enough to study, and their vast numbers of several thousand exactly counted within a nanosecond. Clouds grew like tumors in the endless firmament, and the Tantradox knew the various forms they would sculpt themselves into hours before they even began to do so. The sun Dzandra shone luminously, its copious rays of topaz light feeding the garden planet and everything in it. 
The Tantradox watched carefully throughout the day as Dzandra rose to its peak, plateaued, and then began to sink. They watched as the herds of animals grazed, played, settled, and then rested; watched as the clouds rearranged themselves, drifted past, and then dissipated. For hours, the Tantradox waited, eating the leaves of the giant coca plants to improve its vision and its powers of discernment and observation, listening to the rustlings of the albino cocaine demons throughout the cliffs around them, foraging, fornicating, and satiating their addictions. The coca leaves also served as an aphrodisiac, and the Tantradox made love several times as they spent the day in the Cliffs of Caine, kissing with benumbed lips and tongues, their hearts beating pulpishly, adrenaline rushing like whitewater rapids in their veins, their orgasms like seizures accompanied by booming thunderclaps.
The copious amounts of cocaine they ingested inspired philosophical conversation between the two soulmates as well, interspersed throughout the day between lovemakings.
"I wonder," whispered Junisia, during one of these post-coital interludes, "if love can make two souls one...can hate make one soul two?" 
"That seems a wise stratagem for battle," Drelrei responded. "Or the inspiration for a pair of weapons. A handheld iron maiden and a cleaver of souls, perhaps...," he mused.
"How many souls, do you suppose, could be joined as one?" Junisia asked her twin. "Do you think it would be possible to sew and weld every living creature in the universe together, every single soul in existence from here to Hell, and then collectively achieve the Jh'a'vyraa?"
Drelrei pondered this idea for a moment. "A Siamese Infinity," he entitled the concept. "Would you add Satan to this amalgamation of souls as well?" Drelrei asked his conjoined lover.
"Perhaps, but without Satan, I believe there can be no Jh'a'vyraa. They are polar opposites, and like light and dark, or love and death, they cannot exist without one another. So, by becoming Siamese twins with Satan, be it as an individual or as a universe, you can never become the Jh'a'vyraa, and since the ultimate goal of every sentient entity is to become the Jh'a'vyraa, this union is either impossible or one that would nullify your very existence. Satan is the antithesis of everything else, of everything which is not Satan. He is the antithesis of all creation, and of the universe entire. Therefore, I do not believe it would be possible to add Satan to this all-encompassing entity."
Drelrei plucked another coca leaf from a nearby tree and began to chew. "The Siamese Infinity is physically possible, but I personally would not want to spend the eternity of the Jh'a'vyraa with every other soul who has ever existed, my archenemies, my subservients, my former lovers, and my former slayers. Nor, I believe, would any of them like to spend eternity with us. It is this natural enmity between souls which is, in part, why the apocalypse rages and we all seek to kill one another, rather than sewing ourselves together or uniting ourselves into a massive army to battle or escape Satan. Besides, if every soul in existence were to join in a Siamese Infinity, and who's to say that it never has, then this universe in which we live in right now would be the Jh'a'vyraa or an exact replica of it, and I can proclaim without doubt that this universe is no Jh'a'vyraa. The Siamese Infinity would inherently create a karmic warp, a samsaric loop from which there would be no escape without individualization. Therefore, the Siamese Infinity, though physically possible, is spiritually impossible. And a war against the omnipotent cannot, by definition of the term, concept, and properties of omnipotence, be won, no matter how great or numerous the soldiers. Googolplexes upon googolplexes upon googolplexes of the most powerful demons possible would still be unable to overthrow Satan."
Junisia ruminated for a moment upon these mind-twisting enlightenments before speaking once more. "What is the maximum number of souls that can exist in the universe?"
"There is no maximum. Satan can create as many souls as he wants, googolplexes upon googolplexes upon googolplexes, and, with all eternity and infinity in his grasp, can add further googolplexes to their number as he pleases. No matter how many souls populate the universe, Satan can always add another, and then another, and then another. Conversely, I ask you this: how many pieces is it possible to cut a soul into?"
"Either an infinite amount, I would speculate, or none at all", spoke Junisia, as she, too, partook of another coca leaf.
"Would each severed piece of soul live on, like a dissected worm? Would each possess its own personality and identity? Would each have its own consciousness? Or would they merely be clones, fragments, even aspects of the original, and therefore remain under his or her control, and never beyond his or her realms of perception?"
"Perhaps the soul is ylem, an inexhaustible supply of energy that can be infinitely combined or divided as needed. Perhaps everything in the universe really shares one communal spirit, or are each small pieces of one greater oversoul."
"Satan," Drelrei replied laconically.
"Perhaps the oversoul represents the finite energy of the universe, and as the souls are cloven again and again, that energy is exhausted until only the singularity of the Jh'a'vyraa is left, and nothing else."
"Nothing except Hell and Satan," Drelrei said cynically, then added, "whom I fear, in his omniscience, is the only one who knows the answers to these philosophical riddles."
The Siamese twin lovers then sat in silence for a time, twice filling their pornographic pipes with crushed coca leaves and immersing their minds and bodies in yet more of the chemical stimulants. As twilight began, the Tantradox counted every star in the sapphire skies and committed their locations to memory. The rush of cocaine in their heads helped them draw numerous starcharts in their brains that would be accurate for millennia. With pounding hearts and tingling extremities, Drelrei and Junisia awaited the coming of the prophesied shooting star.
The omen came just before sunset, a black and yet radiant celestial body that was much more than a meteorite, the dark shooting star that the innards of the chimeras and several other beasts had foretold. The Tantradox watched as it arced through the skies against a backdrop of nightfall and began bombarding their garden planet with fireballs and gouts of flame until midnight, when it disappeared. The falling star had descended. The shooting star had struck its target. The omen had come to pass. The prophecy was fulfilled.
The Tantradox, now standing at the very ledge of the precipice, as it had since first sighting the dark harbinger, continued to gaze out across the moonlit garden planet of Elasvai for several moments. As still and silent as outer space, the silhouette of the Siamese twin demons loomed like a giant effigy from the Cliffs of Caine. When it finally spoke, it was with a heavy and commanding voice, like that of an ancient and powerful idol that had just been resurrected. 
"To the Forest of Flesh," Drelrei decreed. "The end of time has begun."

28

On the backs of Siamese twin griffins the Tantradox soared, seated atop a thronelike howdah between the spread-eagled pinions of the conjoined beasts. Drelrei held its reins, Junisia its whip, as it glided beneath the orange moon, the metal spikes of its leather bridle, harness, and saddle glinting in the starlight, silver flashes in the night skies. Every few minutes the conjoined griffins beat their two wings simultaneously, then rode upon currents of air for another several miles. Behind them the Cliffs of Caine, to which the griffins had been summoned by the call of their master, loomed like frozen tsunamis, their hundred-foot tall coca plants forming pentagram-shaped silhouettes against the horizons of midnight.
A giant battle axe rested on the lap of the Tantradox as they rode through the night. Its curved edges gleamed sharply in the blackness from time to time, the quick smile of death. Above the shimmering battle axe the glow of small fires flickered, as the Tantradox smoked coca leaves from a conjugal pipe throughout their flight, each holding a phallic mouthpiece between their lips and drugging themselves with the bounty of the pornographic sculpture. The breeze of their passage and the soft, cold winds of the night served to further numb their flesh, creating intense tingling sensations like orgasms throughout their entire body.
The Siamese twin griffins turned slowly to the southeast, their flight gradually arcing downward as they flew, gliding on a curving path through the skies. A glimpse of the Forest of Flesh quickened its wings, its destination finally in sight. A few minutes later, the Tantradox and its conjoined flying steed approached the wriggling green shell of the biodome, the leaves which were not leaves. The Forest of Flesh obediently opened a portal in its impenetrable wall for its master, hands unclasping and releasing their brethren from their grip, phalanges slithering out of the way, genitals squirming, twisting, and withdrawing from one another in order to create the entrance. The griffins soared through the irising gateway and into the Forest of Flesh. The portal immediately closed behind them, hands folding in prayer, fists closing like locks, fingers resettling, phalluses thrusting and raping themselves back into place, all reassuming their positions in the outer defenses of the living forest.
Over, under, and around the thick limbs the Siamese twin griffins flew, deftly navigating the gauntlet of flesh-colored branches and tree trunks. The Tantradox urged its steed onwards with a lash of the whip, raising yet another welt upon its golden lion's flesh. Deeper and deeper into the Forest of Flesh they flew, Siamese twin soulmates on a quest, Siamese twin demons on the hunt.
*
Black patience. One of the most difficult powers of evil to attain. The ability to wait in a state of dark meditation for years at a time while maintaining and even increasing one's intensity, savagery, and propensity for violence. The ability to fuel one's anger throughout that period without being consumed by it, to plot vengeance for centuries without a single quickening of the heartbeat. A state of pure evil known only by the most enlightened of demons. In its trance, Chariah perched invisibly amongst the branches, his grapnel ready, his crimson eyes glowing, his dark flesh completely camouflaged by the consuming nocturnal pitch, a shadow lying in wait, a predator hungry for prey, a sniper zeroing in on the raw stuff of murder itself.
Chariah first sensed the presence of the Tantradox with his echolocation. A few seconds later he could smell the Tantradox coming. Within moments, his Siamese twin adversaries would be in range. The time for black patience had ended.
The Necrodelic dropped silently through the branches until he was level with the approaching griffins. From a hidden perch, he watched as the Siamese twin beasts bore the Tantradox through the trees, closer and closer, until he could make out the features of Drelrei and Junisia's faces, see the protuberances of their black nipples and swollen genitals, and smell the cocaine on their breath. At the last possible second, with a sudden flick of his wrist, the pentagram-shaped grapnel whistled through the air and embedded itself in an incarnadine tree trunk. The black coil stretched tautly across the forest, invisible in the shadowy night. The griffins flew under the wire an instant later, their wings and saddle passing beneath it. The Tantradox, however, was Chariah's intended target, and the Siamese twin demons were struck violently in the throat as they were borne into the undetectable cord. Their heads snapped back with instantaneous whiplash. The stalwart coil of the grappling hook clotheslined the Tantradox, knocking it from its howdah. The griffins flew onward with an empty saddle as the Tantradox flipped over in mid-air and plummeted to the ground, bouncing and tumbling off tree branches all the way to the swampy forest floor.
All of this happened before even a droplet of blood had welled from the living flesh of the tree which had been punctured by the points of the pentagram grapnel. As quickly as it had struck, the star-shaped projectile was withdrawn, leaving behind it a sudden rush of blood and three screaming faces in the bark of the tree. Chariah caught the spinning grapnel in the flesh of his palm with a small spattering of scarlet, crouched, and then jumped from branch to branch as the Tantradox fell. The Siamese twin demons landed on their backs in the grotesque marsh of ordure and bodily fluids, splashing the brackish water onto the surrounding trunks of flesh, and lay motionless.
 Chariah perched upon a branch several hundred feet above them, looming over his fallen prey. The Necrodelic looked down upon the Tantradox with glowing crimson eyes, a reaper of fallen souls. With feline grace he sprung into the air, his right hand held just above his head, his claws lacerating the sable forest gloom as he pounced. As he plummeted, he readied his gleaming talons for the deathblow, his black biceps bulging, his black triceps rippling with lethal tension, his musculature like three-dimensional shadows in the night. Chariah swung his claws in an arching strike just before he landed, aiming to impale the Tantradox through both of its hearts upon the swampy ground.
The quietus never connected. As the Necrodelic brought his claws over and past his head at light speed, the Siamese twin griffins barreled into the side of his prone and falling form like a flying battering ram. The griffins knocked Chariah from his path of descent and sent him twisting uncontrollably through the air until he crashed painfully into the wide trunk of a tree some hundred feet distant. The Necrodelic fell limply into the viscid swampwater, but retained consciousness. He rose to one knee in the dark green, semi-fluid marsh, just in time to see the Siamese twin griffins soaring towards him again, skimming the surface of the bog with their claws outstretched, each leonine head snarling and baring its fangs. Chariah kneeled directly in its path, shaking swampwater from his long hair and beckoning the kamikaze monster forward. He then rose to stand before the hurtling beast, motioning it towards him with his claws, baiting the soaring brute. Just before the Siamese twin griffins connected with another bone-shattering blow, the Necrodelic slipped liquidly onto his back to lay supinely on the forest floor, completely submerged in the shallow marsh. The only part of the demon still visible were his long claws, stabbing upwards from the water like the spikes of a pit-trap, glistening wetly and sharply in the darkness. The low trajectory of the enraged Siamese twin griffins bore them directly through Chariah's claws. Each half of the conjoined beast was sliced open from gullet to anus as it soared past. Its guts and all its organs immediately poured into the marsh. The momentum of the flying creature carried its lifeless husk onwards for several feet before it crashed into another tree. 
The griffins were already dead by the time they collided with the tree trunk and fell to the ground. Their conjoined corpses lay half-submerged in the rapidly crimsoning marsh. Chariah continued to lay beneath the surface of the foul pool, bringing his claws down to his sides so that he was completely underwater, resting as though he was enclosed in a coffin. His evil was such that he had long ago replaced the need for oxygen with death-addiction, and was thus incapable of drowning. He waited with black patience. Only a few minutes passed before the Tantradox blundered into him. He could hear the Tantradox splashing towards him, feel the vibrations of its grotesque gait in the currents of the swamp. The Siamese twins were not only searching for him, but they had also come to check on their stricken pet, their fallen beasts of burden that they had made in their own image. 
The Tantradox was wounded and coughing up blood, its throats purple from the vicious clothesline, its bodies scraped and bruised from the fall through the trees, but the Siamese twins were so full of cocaine that neither of them felt even a twinge of pain. They reached the hulking corpse of the eviscerated griffins, observed its demise, then retrieved their battle axe from its mangled howdah. Searching around and screaming animalistic battle-cries, the Tantradox swung the battle axe wildly around its heads, and then down into the swamp, over and over, suspecting that the Necrodelic was hiding nearby.
 The Necrodelic remained still, waiting for his prey to come closer. He could feel the reverberations of the axe parting the waters and digging into the earth in his black spine, growing stronger, louder, until each blow was a thunderclap. Chariah calmly waited an instant longer, then summoned Hellfire into his lungs and breathed into the very swamp. The greenish waters immediately heated beyond the point of boiling, slime and detritus flaming along its surface, intestinal roots blackening and shriveling. The entire forest cried out at once. The Tantradox, brimming with the painkilling effects of the cocaine, could not feel the heat through its tingling numbness, and was thusly burned all the worse. When it realized what was happening, it screamed and stumbled through the boiling water, eventually dropping the battle axe into the bubbling currents and climbing out of the steaming swamp to take refuge in the branches above, where the Necrodelic was already lurking, having escaped the scalding marsh with his grappling hook before it could have any effect upon him. 
The entire forest floor bubbled and churned like lava. The corpse of the Siamese twin griffins burst into flame and was cremated. The living trees of the Forest of Flesh were melting and burning, as though an entire race of demons had spontaneously combusted, their lower features disfigured and scarred. Their visceral roots were burning out like the wicks of candles. The conflagration spread rapidly, and the Necrodelic swung through the trees on his pentagram-shaped grapnel to escape it. Faces in the trees began to cough and gag from the billowing smoke, their red eyes tearing, or closing in death. As the smoke wafted into and inside the trees through its myriad mouths and vaginas, the conjoined creatures which dwelled within their inner tunnels began pouring out through the faces and genitals at the top of the forest. Gaping mouths, flaring nostrils, and dilated vaginas vomited swarms of wasps and hornets, hordes of bats, and two-headed harpies from their depths. Amphisbenic nightworms burst through living eyeballs. All manner of winged creature flew to the forest canopy and escaped, or perished in the attempt.
The Tantradox stood upon a thick branch and examined its wounds. The skin around their cloven hooves was burned, leaving behind a sticky crimson residue of blood. Drelrei and Junisia still couldn't feel any of the pain from their wounds. As the flames of Hell once more approached, the Tantradox ascended to a higher branch. Chariah was watching them from above all the while, and as they climbed through the trees, he once again threw his pentagram-shaped grapnel, this time high into the air, where it lodged in the scrotums lining the underbelly of an upper limb. He swung through the air on the coils of the grappling hook in the direction of the Tantradox, landing a side kick to the back of Drelrei's skull. The Tantradox struggled to keep its balance, at one point leaning face-down over the edge of the branch. 
Chariah swung back into view and drove the claws of his right foot into Junisia's face with a vicious front kick, knocking the Tantradox into the air. The Tantradox flailed and plummeted toward the cauldrons below. This time, the Forest of Flesh reached out with clutching hands to catch its master in a protective netlike cradle.
By now, the Forest of Flesh was an inferno. It tried desperately to regenerate its lost limbs, but the Hellfire burned too fast and too strong. Arms and legs fell like bodies to the broiling waters below, leaving behind bloody stumps and sticky, cauterized wounds. As whole sections of the Forest of Flesh toppled in conflagration, Chariah and the Tantradox began scrambling in opposite directions, seeking the writhing green barriers of fingers and phalluses.
The Necrodelic opened a dripping exit in the living walls with his claws, slashing and castrating and dismembering his way to freedom. As he escaped, he noticed that the Tantradox had retreated deeper into the Forest of Flesh, and the Forest of Flesh itself was fleeing the fire on burning legs, transforming and rearranging itself so that it could run along its own living trunks and branches to a safe haven. It bore the bloody and battered Tantradox in its limbs, carrying their master off into the distance. Chariah observed that the sentient forest still held his spaceship as the trees disappeared over the horizon.
Somewhere on Elasvai, the Forest of Flesh would take root again, with the Omnibeast as its prisoner. Somewhere on Elasvai, as well, the Tantradox would survive. Chariah stood serenely amongst the flames and the ashes, tranquilly pondering the wet bloody remnants of the death and destruction he had wrought. His demonsight then zeroed in on his adversaries and he began to walk slowly through the smoking ruins in pursuit. With the burning taste of Hellfire still in his mouth and throat, the Necrodelic stalked his prey with a calm, even stride, hunting his victim step by step, by blackest step.

29

The flaming Forest of Flesh fled with an odd, tangled, effeminate gait as it frantically attempted to outrun its own conflagration, its thousands of steps falling in a broken rhythm across the grassy steppes and plains, leaving an uneven spoor of ashes and brushfires in its wake. The Necrodelic pursued his massive, wounded prey with the unwavering red gaze of his demonsight, tracking it along the burning horizons where smoke rose like spirits and ashes fell like bodies. Chariah hunted with deliberate strides, a black lion stalking his victim, ashes filling his pumping lungs as he began to breathe faster, inhaling the raw heat of Hell and the scent of its fires, of immolated flesh and wet ensanguined smoke, deeper and deeper with each quickening breath, delivering him into a trancelike state of tranquil necrodelia as he accelerated to greater and greater speeds across the plains. Like a wormhole, the powerful and heavy black aura of the Necrodelic warped and folded space, allowing him to traverse several miles with a single step, bending reality to his indomitable will. The Necrodelic was a caliginous blur, a spark of sable electricity, the brief shimmer of obsidian illumined by a bolt of lightning, the final shadow of light before being sucked into a black hole, an event horizon unto himself, the entire darkness of all outer space concentrated into the size and shape of a single demon. The midnight that only lasts a second, the death which only takes an instant, Chariah flashed across the garden planet like one of Satan's neurons, the ultimate predator, invigorated and empowered by breathing in the charred and burning flesh of the injured monstrosity he chased, sucking the smoke into his expanding and quickening lungs as he ran, growing more and more evil at exponential rates.
For one brief nocturnal moment the Necrodelic ran blindingly through the gardens of Elasvai, leaving tall grass rippling and giant leaves and flower petals stirring in the black breezes of his darkling passage. A shadow on the edge of a blade, cutting a swath through the night, visible only as an ephemeral silhouette to the eyes of the unenlightened, Chariah covered entire miles in mere seconds, gaining ground on the frenetic Forest of Flesh and then launching the pentagram-shaped grapnel from the palm of his right hand into the midst of the panicked trees, where it lodged itself with a loud sucking noise in the flesh of a sentient trunk.
The Necrodelic traveled the last few miles on the adamantium thread of his grappling hook, a light-speed spider in the night. As the iron rope recoiled into the sheath of flesh beneath his wrist, Chariah was borne upwards through the dark skies to the treetops of the stampeding forest. This time, it was the Tantradox who awaited the Necrodelic. Lurking high amongst the branches, hidden in the shadows, smoking a concoction of cocaine and opium from a hookah as they leaned against the sanctuary of a thick tree trunk and contemplated the karmic implications of their role reversals, Drelrei and Junisia watched with drug-heightened vision and fascination as the Necrodelic hunted with demonspeed, covering the miles of distance between them in moments. They heard the whirring, slashing sound of his adamantium pentagram-shaped grapnel as it flew past their heads, and the slapping sound of spikes landing gorily in muscle and tissue a moment later.
As the Necrodelic hurtled at supersonic speeds through the Forest of Flesh on a barely visible cable, the Tantradox peered around the side of the whimpering tree trunk they were hiding behind. Drelrei and Junisia waited with tantric patience, letting time accumulate like sexual energy before being released in one powerful sorcerous orgasm. As the ebon demon neared, the Tantradox leapt straight up and caught an overhanging branch in its clawed and cloven hands, from which it then hung with arms outstretched, as still as Siamese twin vampire bats. When Chariah passed into their boundaries, their circle, their orbit, the Tantradox twisted its conjoined bodies violently in the air, one swift, savage, spinning attack that shook the branch from which it dangled. Both of its armored tails lashed out like whips, a pair of deadly, weapon-tipped flails tearing the night. 
The mace of Drelrei's stegosaurus tail struck first, catching the Necrodelic in the guts with its spikes amidst an explosion of blood and a crashing, ripping noise. The Necrodelic doubled over in mid-flight with the force of the blow, the spikes of Drelrei's tail tearing the flesh of his stomach and half-eviscerating him in the process. The ankylosaurus tail of Junisia trailed just inches behind its mate, and struck almost within the same instant. As Chariah's body bent over the living mace burying itself in his guts, his head was automatically whiplashed forward and downward at a speed which superseded even the blazing fastness of his predatory flight. It was into his whiplashing skull that the club of Junisia's ankylosaurus tail struck, connecting with tremendous impact as it swung with full-force into Chariah's face at the exact same moment his head was being jerked violently forward by the blow to his abdomen. A second explosion of blood combined with the first to form a bursting supernova of crimson. Chariah's black skull shattered like broken glass, with a sound to match as the solid bone splintered and cracked. The resultant concussion was instantaneous, and it was an unconscious Necrodelic that concluded his flight through the Forest of Flesh, black entrails reaching like tentacles from his torn abdomen, his severely hemorrhaging head lolling limply from side to side, up and down, back and forth as he swung directionlessly from the cable of his grapnel. 
Chariah ricocheted from branches and tree trunks as he hurtled deeper into the Forest of Flesh, raising indigo bruises on his sable flesh and scraping his skin with deep crimson scratches. Finally, the adamantium coils became tangled and knotted, and the dazed and wounded demon was left dangling loosely from a tree branch like a corpse from a noose, twisting in the breeze.
The Tantradox climbed through the trees until they came to the protruding grapnel. There the Tantradox loomed victoriously. Portions of the Necrodelic's entrails were impaled upon the spikes of Drelrei's stegosaurus tail. Blood was splashed all the way up the back of the Tantradox, in mandalic drip-drop patterns not dissimilar to the starburst-like explosion of vermilion that had briefly filled the dark air like constellations of red stars a moment ago.
The Siamese twin demons smiled wickedly. Together, Drelrei and Junisia dislodged the grapnel from the tree. A severed artery in the branch began spurting blood in bright red arches across the forest. Slowly, they dragged the limp form of the Necrodelic back through the trees, jerking the line when necessary, bouncing his body from branch to branch. When the Necrodelic had been retrieved, the Tantradox used the Death Addict's own rappelling wire to string him up, binding his wrists and ankles together with the coils and, thusly bound, to a pair of parallel branches, stretching his prostrate body tautly between the two, doubly hanging him upon a Siamese twin gallows. There, the unconscious and bloodied Necrodelic hung, suspended prostrate in mid-air.
The Tantradox beckoned for one of its servile creatures in the ancient, goat-like language of Elasvai. Several minutes later, one of the Tantradox's conjoined monstrosities, a vampire bat and a nighthawk sewn together, flew into the still-creeping Forest of Flesh with a ceremonial dagger betwixt its hooked claws. The beast alighted upon the outstretched arm of Junisia, where it remained perched as Drelrei gently took the bloodstained blade from its clutches. An instant later the conjoined winged mutation fluttered away into the distance. The Tantradox began sharpening the large knife upon the horns of its own head. The glint of scraping steel flickered in the night, small sparks showering the Tantradox as they used their horns, and then their cloven hooves, as whetstones. Finally, Junisia sharpened the ceremonial dagger on Drelrei's very member, grown rigid for the purpose, as hard as any grindstone in existence, creating an edge so fine that it could sunder atoms. The knife was so sharp it glowed. The Tantradox raised it over their horned heads together and slowly, meditatively stabbed the Necrodelic in the sternum. A series of liquid rubies ran in succession along the arete of the blade. The Tantradox gently inserted the ceremonial dagger deep in the black flesh of the Necrodelic's chest, and then began  gradually drawing it toward his half-exposed guts, in that perfectly straight line of vermilion which they had carved so many times before.
*
The astral plane was an avalanche, crashing down around Chariah like the thousand fists of Satan, each gripping a neutron star tightly in its palm to multiply the concussive force of the blows. Shards of reality fell in broken pieces around his battered soul. Fragmented perceptions bombarded him like boulders. The Necrodelic fell violently into his astrosome in much the same way one was often jerked back into their physical flesh from the spectral dimension. Shocked and disoriented, the astral plane formed in fusillades around him, like a form of extremely fast water torture from every possible angle, where the drops of water were successively replaced by morning stars, wrecking balls, and asteroids hurtling towards him at the speed of light.
The Necrodelic awoke into the open grave of the astral plane, but it would be his physical corpse in a similar tomb if he did not act quickly. His mortal flesh was in extreme peril, and his very soul was at stake. Hell and Satan beckoned below, and the open grave of the astral plane was rapidly closing. Chariah flew in astral form to the garden planet of Elasvai, to the shimmering silver Forest of Flesh, to the side of his incarnate self. Mother Chaos was already there, sexually joined to his suspended underside and blowing healing energies from her purple lips into the open rim of his phallus with an interdimensional fellacio. Chariah focused on the Tantradox, the conjoined incubus and succubus simultaneously raising a ceremonial dagger to the breastbone of his physical body. The blade passed through the scintillant back of Mother Chaos like the wraith she was, just below her beating wings. 
Purple drops of blood spattered the currents of the astral plane. Chariah hovered above his Siamese adversaries, haunting them with his vague black presence. Floating upon the vibrations of the spectral plane, Chariah aligned his astral body with that of the Tantradox. His ebony spirit was a shadow pouring itself into their flesh, settling like nightfall between their bones and organs, filling their inner chambers and orifices like ink. Chariah slipped his right arm into Drelrei's, his left arm into Junisia's, immersing his own arms in theirs, all the way to the fingertips. Their hands became his living gloves. His legs he placed within theirs as though into a suit of armor. He draped their torso, chest, and back over his own like a sentient robe. The Necrodelic adorned the Tantradox like a dead skin costume. Their faces became his mask, their flesh his cowl. His fangs dropped like a portcullis into their teeth. His scorched mouth swallowed their six smaller mouths in a grotesque pantomime of a food chain. His eyeballs incubated within theirs, like larvae in egg sacs. His black heart beat painfully inside both of their red hearts. Animal lungs were filled to bursting, choking upon his own. Their abdomen grew swollen with his entrails. His black penis he inserted into Drelrei's own and wore it like a condom of incubus leather. Slowly, like a crown or helmet, the Necrodelic pulled their brains down over his own. With the sorcerous benedictions of Mother Chaos and his own evil powers, the Necrodelic infiltrated the flesh of the Tantradox, invading his enemy like a disease, wearing their bodies like living garments. The possession was complete.
*
The Tantradox caught drops of blood on their tongues as they began the ritual evisceration of the Necrodelic. Deliberately, they slit the demon open and dragged the ceremonial dagger down his chest. The pure, meditative slowness was a vital aspect of the ritual. Their hands barely moved as they slashed the Necrodelic asunder with motions so slow they could not be detected by the eyes of the unenlightened, so slow that the Tantradox itself did not even notice when the dagger came to a complete halt. After several moments, the Siamese twins sensed the cessation of the blade. Disturbed, the conjoined lovers tried in vain to restart the gradual gashing of their sacrifice's underbelly. Disturbance turned to panic as the Tantradox then attempted by turns to slice, stab, twist, wrench, and withdraw the blade. The ceremonial dagger was stuck fast in the Necrodelic's chest, as though the demon were made of stone.
When the blade did move again, it was not by the Tantradox' volition. Suddenly, the dagger removed itself from the flesh of its intended victim, seemingly with a sentience all its own. The Siamese twin incubus and succubus could only watch in horror, helpless observers of their own bodies, as their arms drew down the dripping weapon. Their limbs were not their own, but had been turned into broken doll parts, prosthetics controlled by an external force. The Tantradox couldn't even use its own throats to scream as their hands turned the ceremonial dagger inwards and plunged it into their conjoined chest.
The knife buried itself in their right breast, then slowly drew a complete circle from ribs to abdomen and back again. When it reached its point of origin, it slashed quickly downward toward their conjoined navel at a sharp angle, then upwards once more, diagonal, horizontal, and diagonal a second time. As the knife tumbled from between their fingers, the blood welled forth from the continuous wound, revealing in bright crimson the perfectly drawn form of an upside-down pentagram within a circle of containment.
The Tantradox could not control its body, but it could still feel the pain that had been wrought upon its flesh. The pentagram of blood unleashed an unnatural form of agony, a suffering beyond imagining, a burning, throbbing mass of excruciating torment, as if they had been forced to bear the pain of every surgery ever conducted since the origin of the universe, as if they had suddenly grown a billion more nerves in rapid succession, each one twice as sensitive as the one before, until they could literally feel the wrath of Hell itself their very bodies.
 By the time the black soul of the Necrodelic had discarded the flesh of the Tantradox like a garment of furs and animal skins, the pain in the Tantradox' chest was so great that they could do nought to reclaim control of their bodies. The pentagram of blood hemorrhaged profusely, in strong surges that soon superimposed their own crimson designs over the ancient sigil, runnelling down their thighs and legs and over their genitals, and raining upon the forest below.
The Tantradox stumbled drunkenly along the branch, hoping desperately to cling to the bloodsoaked skin of the tree with cloven hooves ill fit for such feats of balance and dexterity. Somehow, the Siamese twins managed to keep from falling and finally regained enough control over their own muscles to reach out and grab hold of the Necrodelic, who hung unconsciously between the branches above. Using his body for support, they clung to his dark flesh with scrabbling claws and battled the collective vertigo of their shared consciousness. They grabbed at his long, thick hair, drove talons and fingernails under his skin for leverage, seized his genitals like a lifeline and held on with every last piece of strength they could muster.
 The Necrodelic opened his eyes.
 The Tantradox stumbled backwards beneath the palpable force of his eye contact, their grips loosening on his hair, his flesh, and his sex. Chariah's crimson gaze refocused immediately upon the bloody pentagram carved into their dripping chest. His eyes blazed with an igneous red. An instant later, the portals of Hell were opened and the pentagram of blood burst into flames. This time, the Tantradox lost all control over its clutching fingers and tightly fisted hands, releasing their grip on the Necrodelic and falling backwards from the tree branch, a burning pentagram blazing in their flesh. As they fell, they left behind a trail of oily smoke which perfectly replicated the shape of the pentagram branded upon their chest. 
The sigils of smoke rose high amongst the treetops and wafted into the Necrodelic's charred lungs, giving him the power to rip free of his bonds and drop silently to the ensanguined branch below. Blood poured in sheets over his head and face, from lacerations in his skull, from each nostril of his broken nose, from between split lips and broken jaws. His long black hair was drenched with viscous crimson, sopping with blood, and plastered to his back. The entire right side of his skull had been shattered by Junisia's ankylosaurus tail. His abdomen was torn open and parts of his black entrails dangled from the ragged wound left by Drelrei's stegosaurus tail.
Chariah stood bleeding upon his vertiginous perch, too weak to fully heal himself from the injuries he had suffered. He cast aside his grapnel and its shredded adamantium coils with a curse, throwing them far into the depths of the Forest of Flesh and rededicating himself to the forces of black patience, dark serenity, eternal evil, and immortality of the soul, and simultaneously shunning the forces of demonspeed, berserker rage, battle fever, and kamikaze tactics.
Several moments later, the Necrodelic spread his arms out like the wings of a dragon and floated gently to the forest floor, miles below. He landed astride the Tantradox, its chest afire with the flames of Hell. His taloned feet dug themselves into the parched ground, now dry and full of fissures and cracks like the sides of a volcano, the swamp that had previously coated the forest floor having completely evaporated from the massive Hellfire. Chariah balled his clawed hands into two open fists and raised them to his lips, one before the other, forming a narrow tunnel with his palms. He inhaled, and for a moment the flames flickering on the Tantradox' chest drew together as one and were sucked into his hands. Chariah breathed in for several minutes, and then exhaled through the long thin shaft in his curled hands while slowly rotating in a complete circle. Thousands of tiny flaming pentagrams blew forth from his lips, soaring and gusting to all parts of the Forest of Flesh in every direction and at every possible angle, flying away like small creatures that had been set on fire, burning moths, butterflies, doves, and bats on a mission from Hell. The living forest, which had only recently ceased its flight and begun to regenerate its dead parts, once again burst into flames, much worse than before, and this time took off running like a pack of pinioned, screaming banshees.
 Chariah dropped his soot-covered hands to his sides and admired his pyromancy. He breathed in the smoke of burning flesh as the forest blazed, inhaling and rekindling his dark inner energies. As the smoke of the forest fire billowed around him and sparks flew through the air while the trees burned, Chariah inhaled again, this time to heal the massive, bleeding wounds in his skull, chest, and abdomen with the necrodelia surrounding him. His chest expanded as he attempted to smoke the entire forest like a gargantuan living drug. His eyes fluttered shut as he drew in the healing smoke and regenerative heat, sucking the pyromancy and the necrodelia into his charred lungs. His flesh began to tingle as the first wave of healing energy flowed through his wounds, but then, just as suddenly, all the breath was driven out of the Necrodelic's body with one enormous blast. Cumulus clouds of black smoke were belched forth from his fanged mouth, combining with the torrentially hailing cinders and ashes to completely obscure the form of the demon and everything around him for several seconds.
When the smoke dissipated, the Necrodelic was on his knees, with the enormous, deformed, combined middle leg of the Tantradox buried in his groin. The Siamese twin demons had regained enough strength to unleash one mighty blow, and with the force of a feral stallion had driven the large, iron-shod, cloven hoof of their third leg into the Necrodelic's testicles.
Chariah knelt in a crumpled heap, coughing and then vomiting blood along with the smoke and ashes still issuing from between his lips. Exhausted, the Necrodelic momentarily fainted, falling face-first to the ground beside his screaming adversary, who was too immersed in its own universe of pain to even notice.
Meanwhile, the Forest of Flesh continued to burn, and fled frantically across Elasvai like an insane behemoth, bouncing and rolling the unconscious forms of the Necrodelic and the Tantradox along with it, ricocheting their limp bodies from its knotted roots and thick tree trunks as it ran. The Forest of Flesh trampled entire gardens, temples, and herds of Siamese twin dinosaurs in its path, its thousands of legs churning as its trees screamed in pain, desperately seeking sanctuary from the conflagration that would condemn its multiple conjoined souls to Hell. One hour and several miles later, the living forest finally found its haven in the form of a lake, in which it gratefully immersed itself, doused its fires in the crystal waters, and began the slow process of healing and regeneration. 

30

Mandalas of bubbles swirled like strange amorphous haloes around the heads of the Necrodelic and the Tantradox. The demons awakened simultaneously, all six sets of eyes blinking open in perfect synchronicity. Below them a garden of anemones blossomed in the pure waters of the lake bottom. Around them was the Forest of Flesh, its skin pink and irritated with various degrees of burns, oozing black pus into the water. Its intestinal roots were laid out in clear view before them, many severed during its flight. Many miles above lay the surface of the lake, obscured by tons of floating ash. 
Chariah's first reaction upon regaining consciousness was to slash the Tantradox with his razored claws. His blows were not slowed at all by the waters and their currents, his black rippling muscles so powerful that he attacked with all the speed and strength he possessed in any other environment, from planets of the densest gravity to moons with virtually none at all, from the deepest vacuums of space to complete submersion beneath an ocean. His claws raked the Tantradox across both of its faces, releasing little red pearls of blood to float in the water and accumulate like coral. The Tantradox flew backwards through the water as if caught in a strong undertow, eventually slamming gently into the trunk of a sunken tree. The Necrodelic moved to attack, but his wounded head spun beneath the pressure of the water and darkness descended over his open eyes. The jagged, bloody clefts in his face and skull still hemorrhaged, burning now with salt and pounding with the heavy water pressure and the lake's underwater currents. His torso was still torn open, as well, the black tips of his entrails waving in the water like jellyfish. 
Chariah's healing sorceries, reliant upon pyromancy and necromancy, did not work underwater. He began to swim for the surface, his claws cutting the water like swords. The Forest of Flesh attacked him as he did so, seeking vengeance for the fires he had unleashed upon them. Mouths bit and tore at him as he swam by. Hands grabbed at him by the hundreds, trying to drag him down further, to capture him in their grasp and hold him underwater until the end of time. Branches pummeled him about the head and back. Severing limbs, Chariah ascended in circles around the living trunks and branches, swimming a violent gauntlet to the surface. As he rose higher, the ashes grew thicker, invigorating him and restoring his strength.
Upon reaching the odd canopy which served as the exterior of the Forest of Flesh, Chariah cut a large hole in the writhing mass, using his long talons like scythes and sickles. The integument reformed itself immediately, however, keeping him trapped beneath the surface of the lake. Worse yet, he had angered the many entities which comprised the treetops, and found himself assaulted by striking cobras and bludgeoning fists, knocking him further below the surface. Chariah flew upwards through the soot-filled waters once more, placing all ten claws together to form the giant Hellsword. He opened a large gash in the green hordes, large enough to swim through. Chariah kicked out with his rippling thighs and tried to shoot through the hole, but the fingers and phalluses caught him before he was halfway through, biting and flogging him and pummeling him back down below the surface again.
The Necrodelic cursed, for it was his own attacks that had strengthened the strange living integument of the Forest of Flesh, had forced it to evolve and now, like a mutated virus, it was immune to him. Chariah tried one more time to rend the violent mass asunder. This time the coils of a boa constrictor-like phallus grabbed him around the throat and began to strangle him.
The Tantradox began ascending toward the surface of the lake, wielding once again the ceremonial dagger with which it had attempted to sacrifice the Necrodelic. Chariah watched the Siamese twins, swimming upwards like conjoined mermen, the black mark of the pentagram still burned into their chest. He kicked Junisia just beneath the chin as she drew near, and her head jerked back in a jetstream of blood. Chariah freed himself from the serpentine noose, only to be stabbed in the side by the curved dagger of the Tantradox. He lashed out with his claws, but the Tantradox ducked by simply floating downwards through the water, then rapidly countered with its dinosaur tails. Drelrei's stegosaurus tail came flying from one side like a morning star, catching Chariah in the left cheek and twisting him sideways in the water. The Tantradox reversed its battle spin and Junisia's ankylosaurus tail bashed his right cheek like a club. Chariah contorted sideways and floated backwards, his head lolling limply upon his chest like that of a corpse. Like a piece of living detritus the currents dragged him through the water in long, slow, circular patterns.
The Tantradox dragged Chariah to the bottom of the lake, where the garden of anemones beckoned hungrily for his flesh, their tentacles writhing, their mouths dilated and rimmed with poisonous fangs or barbed tongues. Drelrei and Junisia inserted the right hand of the Necrodelic into one of the irising maws. The carnivorous polyp immediately clamped down and tried to chew Chariah's hand off. Its sharp, hooklike teeth severed the veins in his wrist, and then, instantaneously, the feeding frenzy began. Anemones of every color, shape, and size clashed their fangs together and lurched through the water to bite off pieces of the Necrodelic's flesh. Hideous round gullets dilated to partake of his blood. It was like a thousand set traps had been triggered simultaneously, a thousand animal snares snapping shut at once.
Semi-consciously, Chariah fought back, hacking the anemones from their seabeds and slicing them to ribbons. The Tantradox was poised over him now, smiling sadistically. It had retrieved its battle axe, and was already bringing it around in a whistling arch that would decapitate the Necrodelic. Chariah called upon the one spell of fire which would work underwater. He closed his eyes and pyrokinetically heated the entire lake to a temperature beyond the point of boiling. The sea anemones wilted and died. Some of them exploded. Drelrei and Junisia cried out in agony, bloody bubbles streaming from their mouths as they swallowed the incandescent water and it scalded their digestive system. The pentagram carved upon their chest blazed anew with the fires of Hell, which were capable of burning underwater. The Siamese twins flailed about in the roiling lake, looking upwards as if to escape through the Forest of Flesh. The sentient trees, however, did not react in any desperate manner to the boiling water. The heat painfully seared their skins, but it was fire, not heat, which was capable of destroying the Forest of Flesh, and the sapient trees, still traumatized by their burnings, were not about to leave the sanctuary of water.
The Tantradox whistled for one of its subservient beasts. Moments later, Siamese twin sharks appeared at their sides, already saddled. The Tantradox climbed onto the conjoined selachian steed and steered it eastward.
 Meanwhile, the hot water had helped cauterize Chariah's wounds, stopping the incessant bleeding and restoring some of his strength. He still had no conceivable means of departure from the lake and its deceased anemone garden, and was too weak to battle the Forest of Flesh underwater, where his powers were severely diminished. Chariah determined that the Tantradox knew of an alternative escape route as it rode off upon the back of the Siamese twin sharks, and swam after them, trailing in their wake like a slipstreamer. Chariah's theory proved correct, as the Tantradox rode the sharks into a hidden underwater tunnel in the eastern side of the lake.
The Necrodelic continued to swim behind his nemesis and their slaves, following them through several twists and turns until they finally emerged into a dank grotto. Chariah climbed from the water into a cavern of moldy rocks, where he immediately began to heal. He gathered some moss into a pile and blew on it, lighting it on fire and drugging himself with the deaths of the tiny souls trapped inside. Meanwhile, the Tantradox realized their adversary had been trailing them and pulled upon the leather reins of their steeds, jerking the heads of the sharks to the left and circling back into the grotto. Chariah greeted them with a fireball, lobbed like a slow comet into the water around them. The Tantradox deftly steered the conjoined sharks around the flames and sailed for the moldy bank where the Necrodelic stood. The rocky shore was narrow, and the sharks leapt out of the water and snapped their jaws at the Necrodelic. Chariah brought an elbow down upon the top of one of the shark's skulls, caving it in and dislodging one of its eyes. The Tantradox swung its battle axe at the Necrodelic's side, but he twisted and caught the weapon's handle under his arm. The Tantradox tugged with both hands, but could not pull the weapon free. An instant later the battle axe was snapped in half by Chariah's powerful biceps muscle, its metal head clanging to the mossy shore, its broken staff still clutched tightly in the cloven hands of the Tantradox.
They battled for several minutes, causing small avalanches in the grotto and its surrounding caverns and opening minor wounds upon one another. After a sustained period of the sounds and vibrations of combat, something beyond the grotto had been disturbed, awakened by the irregular rhythms and loud battle cries. A pervading rumble echoed through the subterranean caverns, shaking the ground like an earthquake and causing the underground river to ripple with unseen tides. Both of the warring factions halted as the fanged head of a giant worm burst through the walls of the cavern. 
The blind, segmented beast wriggled forward, devouring whole chunks of rock, splashing through the murky water and then drinking the entire underwater spring with its circular, tooth-ringed gullet, swallowing the Siamese twin sharks whole.  The Tantradox jumped free of the conjoined sharks as the helpless creatures succumbed to the undertow of the worm's enormous maw, leaping to the shore as their steeds were sucked into oblivion behind them.
The Necrodelic, however, was waiting. As soon as the Tantradox' cloven hooves clattered upon the mossy promontory, the Necrodelic spun out of the shadows with a devastating roundhouse kick, his foot-talons raking their faces as his black heel knocked them into the air and sent them flying into the far distance, directly into the waiting mouth of the vermian behemoth. The fated demons would do battle again, but for now, the fight was over.
Chariah escaped into a small network of caves beyond the grotto, leaving the worm to thrash about, searching blindly for its escaped prey and causing avalanches as it did so, until finally it retreated back into the rocks and whatever subterranean lair it had come from, taking the Tantradox and its pet sharks with it. Its vibrations grew fainter and fainter as Chariah climbed, squeezed, wriggled, and slid his way through the caves. Hours later, the Necrodelic found a large patch of psilocybin in a lightless cavern. He lay his weary, battered body down upon the soft, dream-inducing mushrooms, and at last allowed himself  to slip into the unconsciousness he had been fighting for so long.

31

When Chariah awoke, he found the cavern filled with a strange, gemlike illumination. Psilocybin bloomed all along the floor, a garden of mushrooms, some as tall as he. They grew in alcoves along the curving walls and dangled from the ceiling like stalactites, dripping their psychedelic syrup onto the small forest below. It was from the mushrooms that the ethereal glow emanated, tinting everything it touched the color of lapis lazuli, jade, and amethyst. Chariah arose from his bed in the soft mushroom meadows, psilocybic dreams still playing in his brain. He walked slowly through the curved heads of the giant fungi, which seemed to bow down in response to him as he passed. 
There was another light in the far corner of the cavern, the flickering of a fire flashing against the wall. It drew the Necrodelic pyrotropically in its direction. Amongst the mushrooms Chariah found an ancient demon with a blazing hookah. The elder creature was seated in the black lotus position. He was bald, and for that matter, completely hairless, his wrinkled skin pitch black, as dark as Chariah's. His eyes were open but he was blind, seeing nought but the same deep milky blackness that was the color of his eyeballs. In one hand he held a totem staff of shriveled heads. The other held the hookah, filled with old, stagnant cavewater and piles of psilocybin. He gestured toward the Necrodelic with the water pipe as he approached, offering to share his feast of psychedelic mushrooms.
Chariah sat next to the demon yogi and inhaled from the hookah, falling deeper into a psilocybic trance. The elder spoke, and in his mouth were fangs, and his voice was the whisper of spiders crawling through shadows.
"You have suffered many wounds. Come, partake of the healing mushrooms. They have kept the Cacoshaman alive for many eons."
Chariah smoked the psilocybin from the hookah. When it was gone, the Cacoshaman offered him a syringe full of mashed mushrooms, which Chariah injected into his arm. His pain began to fade, his wounds to slowly heal. The Cacoshaman offered him a skull full of blue mushroom wine, which Chariah imbibed. Meanwhile, the Cacoshaman had replenished his hookah, and was smoking from it once more.
"Elasvai is a beautiful planet," said the Cacoshaman.
"I don't believe in beauty," Chariah replied, accepting the hookah once again and inhaling more of the burning psilocybin.
"Still, it shall be a shame to see it die."
"Tis a matter of perception, ancient one. Your sentimentality will serve you ill in this universe." Chariah handed the long pipe back to its owner.
"What brings you here...Chariah?" the Cacoshaman asked.
Chariah sat in silence for several moments before hissing threateningly at the elder, "How do you know my true name, Cacoshaman?"
"The Cacoshaman knows much, my child. He knows where the black holes lead. He knows where Satan's weaknesses lie. He knows, perhaps, who will become the Jh'a'vyraa..." 
"Who?" Chariah demanded, his interest suddenly aroused, but the Cacoshaman had passed into a state of incoherence and semi-consciousness. The demon yogi was delusional.
The Necrodelic cursed and grabbed the hookah from the Cacoshaman's limp fingers, smoking yet more of the sorcerous fungi. The Cacoshaman came back to awareness and felt around blindly for his missing hookah. Chariah placed it back in his withered hand.
"Thank you, demonling," the Cacoshaman spoke, as Chariah raised his gleaming claws into the air.
"Drelrei and Junisia, I warned their mothers of such abomination when their souls began copulating in the astral plane, even as their embryonic bodies had yet to develop within their wombs." 
Chariah's claws whistled to a sudden stop.
"Are you their father?" he asked the Cacoshaman.
"Their father I am not," the ancient one replied, "although their mothers were once concubines in my intergalactic harem. I'd have ripped their fetuses stillborn from the womb had I the chance. Now, they have perverted this paradise planet with their genetic sorceries, their twisted religions and their tantric abominations," the Cacoshaman rambled.
"Where are their mothers now?" Chariah asked the Cacoshaman.
The old yogi raised his totemic staff and pointed to two of the shriveled heads upon it.
"Come now, partake of more mushrooms. You've not fully healed yet," the Cacoshaman said.
"It will take more than mushrooms to heal these wounds, old one" Chariah replied.
"Well," said the ancient demon, resignedly, "do what thou wilt."
Chariah looked puzzlingly upon the elder, although his crimson eyes did not betray any hint of his perplexity. Chariah raised his claws into the air once more, this time bringing them down in a wide arc and slashing clean through the old demon's throat, decapitating him with a single blow. His withered head rolled through the mushrooms before coming to rest amongst the psilocybin he had so enjoyed. 
The body of the decapitated yogi did not crumple or fall over, however, but maintained itself in the black lotus position, its spine as straight and its muscles as rigid as if he were still alive. Blood fountained from his severed jugular veins and carotid arteries in waterspouts and arching streams. Chariah caught the sacred crimson greedily on his tongue and imbibed it like elixir, drinking the spurting plasma like a starving vampire. Once the jetstreams of blood had been reduced to mere rivulets dribbling down the corpse's chest, Chariah retrieved the severed head of the Cacoshaman. 
With one flash of his claws he removed the top of the demon's bald, ebony head, then emptied the brains from his sable skull. He set the brains aside for later, then began to carve and vivisect the decapitated corpse. The headless Cacoshaman continued to sit upright in the black lotus position even in death, even as Chariah excised large chunks of muscle from his skeleton and spitted his inner organs on his claws. He filled the Cacoshaman's skull with his own mutilated flesh, hot blood, and still-beating organs, then replaced the brain and scalp, bore a small hole in the back of the skull with one claw, and used the severed head as a pipe. Cobalt smoke tinged with veins of electric blue billowed from the eye sockets, nostrils, mouth, and ears of the Cacoshaman's head  as Chariah inhaled its grisly contents. Finally, Chariah's wounds completely closed and healed, his body melting back together like shadows. The pain of his injuries was abolished as broken bones knitted and lacerations closed seamlessly into jet black skin without even the faintest of scars.
Several hours later, the regalvanized Necrodelic arose and departed the psilocybin gardens through an opening in the far wall of the cavern. His victim had been picked clean, as though by carrion eaters and scavengers. Not a trace of meat, flesh, organ, or blood remained. The Necrodelic left behind nothing of the Cacoshaman but a skull and a black skeleton, still seated upright in the meditative black lotus position, a totem staff of shrunken heads in one hand, a still-lit hookah in the other. The Cacoshaman's black phalanges remained joined around each fetish, forefinger to thumb upon black patellas, with black femurs, tibias, and fibulas crossed, black spine straight, black ribcage intact. As Chariah made his exit, the Cacoshaman's charred, sooty skull rolled slowly across the chamber, levitated into the air, and balanced itself precariously upon the tip of the Cacoshaman's spine. Still weeping smoke from its empty eye sockets and drooling liquid ashes from its rictus, the skeleton of the Cacoshaman meditated in its tomb of psilocybin, smoldering like a gruesome thurible.

32

The Psilocybin Labyrinth shimmered and crawled like a thing alive, the floor, walls and ceiling continually melting into one another as Chariah made his way through the spinning tunnels. Surrounding him were the dripping colors of the maze: magenta, indigo, aquamarine, cerulean, carnelian, carmine, rose, olive, saffron, and silver, flowing over and into one another with slow, hypnotic waves. There were colors the Necrodelic had never seen before, or which he had not previously perceived as colors, joined with the others in what seemed the Psilocybin Labyrinth's private, secret spectrum. 
Diaphanous was a color here, as were effulgence and mirrors. The gelid drops of mirror reflected distorted images of the Necrodelic as he passed, perpetually stretching, bulging, and rearranging parts of his body while drenching them with the ephemeral colors of the amorphous labyrinth, creating various combinations that were sometimes disturbing, sometimes tragic, sometimes frightening, sometimes absurd, sometimes disgusting, and sometimes religious. 
The corridors spun faster and faster the further Chariah travelled, colors racing in mad orbits around the ceilings, walls, and floors. In the distance, like a vortex, a small opening in the tunnel continually changed color and shape, but never size, even after Chariah had been walking towards it for hours. He often lost sight of it in his twistings and turnings, but always seemed to locate it again later, though it remained perpetually unattainable.
The colors were simultaneously bleeding, raining, and melting around the Necrodelic. Chariah watched with hypnotized eyes as time slowed down, sped up, and sometimes stopped entirely. Observing the colors was sometimes like watching a year's worth of clouds in one minute, seeing them race across the sky in all their permutations and transmogrifications without having to wait for hundreds or thousands of days, or like watching the process of erosion over several millennia in mere moments, or the entire existence of the universe, from genesis to armageddon, in one second, as one singular, gigantic, simultaneous, infinite, amorphous mass.
The Psilocybin Labyrinth played with his tunnel vision, entire corridors shrinking around him to the point where he couldn't move and was trapped for several minutes, then expanding into the size of rotundas or colosseums until they were so vast that Chariah was constantly lost and wandered their changeling floors for hours. The tunnels often spun in place, leaving Chariah walking on the walls or ceiling for extended periods of time. Sometimes he would sink into the ground, as though a pool had opened beneath him, immersing him in the tides of the floating colors up to his neck, then raising him back to the original floor. Faces appeared in the dripping colors, moaning and chanting, before melting back into oblivion. Oracles opened in the ceiling and floor, revealing evanescent glimpses of distant futures and ancient histories. 
Rainbows criss-crossed the air. Fungus Demons made entirely of psilocybin attacked. Many took on the appearances of Chariah's enemies, the Oneirophage, Morpheus Rex, the Tantradox, Democubus, Serpentikal, Spidratha, Pestilentia, Panzebub, the Cacoshaman, the Sadimancer, the Horned Ones, and even Satan himself, as well as numerous other beasts and demons he remembered from his billions of past incarnations and some he had yet to encounter in the wars to come.
Chariah struck down the fungoid homunculi with his claws, in brief parodies of his previous battles that were somewhat similar to past life regression, reliving wars both won and lost throughout the eons, releasing streams of blue blood to join the other fluid colors of the maze, and leaving in his wake piles of quivering corpses in the shapes of demons he had known.
A rich viridescence joined the changeling colors of the labyrinth, adding its hue to the rest. As Chariah continued on, the viridescent colors became more dominant, until they were half of the maze, interspersed like camouflage amongst the other shades. Chariah touched a patch of the emerald color on the wall. It felt thick, dry, and smooth, and was ridged with miniscule hooks. The entire labyrinth began to change shape as he felt his hand turn green. Further ahead, the colors ceased melting and began forming bright patterns of stripes, diamonds, and camouflage. The maze sometimes led the Necrodelic in circles now, sometimes elevating slightly, sometimes forming bridges over the corridors he had previously traversed, sometimes taking him in concentric rings or downward spirals in a labyrinth that seemed to have been inspired by a pile of entrails and then constructed in their image.
 Chariah halted, realizing that the labyrinth was not only reminiscent of spilled viscera. It was also similar to the coils of a snake in repose. The Necrodelic stopped and smelled the air. Venom. He examined another piece of viridescence on the wall, ran his palms over it, breathed the chemicals in it. Snakeskin. Chariah turned, hissing aloud as he bared his black fangs.
"Serpentopolis."
Cautiously the Necrodelic trod the spiral corridors, whose walls more and more took on the colors and patterns of snakeskin. Ahead, he saw sunlight and the silhoutte of two thin fangs. He walked along the passageway to the snakehead and looked beyond its open mouth. The first thing that caught his crimson gaze was the form of Serpentikal. 
The ophidian behemoth's cobra hood protruded from the streets and buildings of Serpentopolis, looming over the rebuilt snake civilization, which had been thoroughly repaired and augmented with additional levels. Chariah stood on the high balcony of one of the snakehead turrets, gazing at the back of Serpentikal's skull. The labyrinth below him was a mass of tangled coils, forming the writhing streets, alleyways, and bridges of the city. The Necrodelic swept his gaze around in a horizontal semi-circle. There were other snakehead turrets and parapets across from him, some of which revolved upon their own necks. Balconies and eyries were built into the upper levels as well. To the far right, its extracted dungeon levels wrapped in serpent coils, was the prism palace of Phantasmagorika, towering over all. Its foundation was level with the crown of Serpentikal's hood, now that its dungeons had been torn from the ground like a behemoth's tooth and accompanying nerve. Its heavily guarded drawbridge, currently raised, formed the lone passageway between Phantasmagorika and Serpentopolis, leading into the snakehead towers. The entire castle had been transplanted, psychedelic moat and all, onto this living monstrosity. The revelation was an instant one for the Necrodelic, for he had known the manner in which the dream-eater had survived and escaped Grystiawa, and similarly slipped from his own black clutches in the Omnibeast and fled into outer space. Chariah was gazing at this moment upon the Oneirophage's saurian spaceship.
Chariah refocused upon the head of Serpentikal. The giant serpent was engaged in combat with some unseen foe, its hood flared and fangs snapping. Occasionally, the great monster would strike, and Chariah caught a glimpse of the green cords that bound him to the ship, flexible so that the serpent could attack but indestructible so that he could not escape. The tethers looked to have been made with living anacondas and boa constrictors. 
An arrow whistled past the Necrodelic's head as he observed the Serpentopolis. Serpentman archers had taken up positions in the snakehead turrets directly across from him, which had rotated to face the intruder. The serpentmen were firing upon him with crossbows as well as bows and arrows. Their missiles were coral snakes, black mambas, and asps. Chariah sliced the venomous vipers in half with his claws before they could strike him fang-first and inject their poisons into his flesh. With his right palm he launched a volley of fireballs over the coils of the Serpentopolis and into the parallel towers, destroying the serpent archers one by one, knocking them backwards into the open mouths where they perched or toppling them in flames to burn in the streets of the city.
The jaws of the living snakehead turret which Chariah stood within began to unhinge. Chariah climbed out of the aroused snakehead just as its jaws crashed down in an attempt to impale him, its throat spasming in anticipation of swallowing its wounded prey whole, to capture and deliver him through its esophagi to the unknown depths of Serpentopolis. The Necrodelic emerged from its mouth and alighted upon the crown of its head, then began running across the ophidian turrets, leaping from snakehead to snakehead until he reached the front wall of the city. He turned and ran across the towers of the front wall in the exact same manner, then jumped high into the air and landed upon the hood of Serpentikal.
The ancient First Serpent had been reanimated through voodoo and served as the figurehead of the Oneirophage's saurian spaceship. The scar of its decapitation was still fresh, like a diamondback pattern encircling its throat, and the smell of embalming fluids was pungent and overpowering. The gargantuan zombie hissed and swayed as Chariah knelt atop its skull, but could do nought to harm the Necrodelic in its current position. It refocused, instead, upon the struggle at hand, as Chariah watched from above.
The giant worm which had devoured the Tantradox and its conjoined sharks had burst from a mountainside cave and was trading head butts with Serpentikal. Its blind head was bloodied, and several of the fangs which ringed its circular mouth had been knocked out or blasted down its gullet. Still, it continued to thrash and lower its head like a battering ram, striking Serpentikal about the face and chest, its tail hidden inside the cave from which it thrust.
Serpentikal's mouth was dripping with blood, but he had clearly asserted himself as the dominant warrior in the brutal combat. His cobra strikes bashed the worm against the rocks of the mountain, his fangs tearing into its segments, sometimes catching between them and peeling them off like a rind, leaving exposed and bloody tissue behind. The worm was already filled with gallons of venom. Its defeat was imminent.
Serpentikal unleashed a fury of head butts upon the vermian behemoth, in rapid succession, nearly driving it back into the cave. The serpent lord caught the great worm in his mouth and began shaking it from side to side and pulling it from its lair. He retracted his cobra head, and dragged the entire length of the worm from the mountain, throttling it like a rabid hellhound.
Chariah watched the battle unfold, noting with some astonishment that when the worm was pulled wriggling from the mountainside, it possessed not a tail, but another head, identical to the first, like an amphisbaena. Yet another Siamese twin mutation. The battered worm vomited blood from both its spiked mouths, drenching the mountainside with crimson. Serpentikal continued to shake it between his fangs, his paralyzing agents finally taking effect in its large, amphisbenic body. 
As the worm was being thrashed about, it vomited the still living Siamese twin sharks amidst a cataract of blood. The conjoined selachian monstrosity fell to the rocks below, bouncing down the mountainside before landing on a stone promontory far below, where it twitched about violently, shuddering and spasming from the lack of water it required to survive, flopping around in the deadly air for several minutes before finally lying still.
Serpentikal had bitten clear through the giant worm, and thrown it into mid-air only to catch it by one of its heads. He engulfed it with his entire maw and sank his fangs into its segments, then began to sucking on the worm's head, inhaling its muculent and sanguinary insides and its fourteen beating hearts as though through a giant, living straw. When he had succeeded in exterminating the beast and had drank its insides to his satisfaction, Serpentikal spat its corpse contemptuously onto the mountainous terrain several thousand feet below.
Chariah watched all this with drugged fascination, still feeling the effects of psilocybin as well as the smoked flesh of the Cacoshaman. Once the melee had ended, Chariah surveyed the gore from above, searching for augurs in the patterns of bloodstains. 
A familiar voice broke his concentration as he enjoyed the ensanguined mountainous vista from the observation tower of Serpentikal.
"A dream, Necrodelic. Nothing more. Nothing less."
Chariah turned to see Morpheus Rex seated upon a throne carved from a single prism, high atop a dais in the shape of a pillar that had arisen from the roof of Phantasmagorika. The Dreaming Predator reclined in thoughtful meditation atop the towering, shimmering pillar, like a Satanic serpentine stylite. He was positioned directly in front of the sun, forming a partial eclipse in his image, like an idol or an omen, or both.
Morpheus Rex stood up and spread his arms wide. Sunlight flickered off the prisms beaded in his hair, shimmered on the prisms inlaid upon the white gossamer robe he wore, gleamed from the three-foot tall prism-inlaid crown upon his head, and flashed from the Prismscepter he held in his right hand.
Pondering the dream eater's statement, Chariah found it laden with multiple meanings. Did Morpheus Rex refer to his new spaceship, his relationship with the Necrodelic, or reality itself? Was he commenting upon the Necrodelic's experiences in the Psilocybin Labyrinth, or perhaps his commune with the Cacoshaman? Had he proclaimed his own solipsism, or that he no longer believed in Chariah's existence? Was he telling the Necrodelic what he desired from him, either freely given, sacrificed, or taken by force? Or was he just pretending to be the king of some strange realm in his perverted imagination (which would explain the royal raiment and regal accompaniments surrounding him)? All this and probably more, Chariah determined, for forked tongues always spoke in double meanings, and dreams were a language filled with symbols and archetypes.
The susurrus of Morpheus Rex's voice fluttered through the air again. "Welcome," he hissed, gesturing to Serpentopolis and Phantasmagorika with one sweeping motion as he christened his newborn spaceship, "to the Metasaur."
The Necrodelic burned Morpheus Rex with his crimson eye contact, even as Morpheus Rex hypnotized the Necrodelic with his kaleidoscopic eye contact, two positronic forces. The heat of Chariah's stare caused Morpheus Rex's robe to disintegrate, and his crown to melt, which the Dreaming Predator then cast aside. Morpheus Rex mesmerized the Necrodelic, intensifying the chemicals already pumping through his system. They stood thusly joined by eye contact before one another, held together by merging beams of Hellfire red and kaleidoscopic rainbow, across the vastnesses of air, labyrinths, height, and distance separating the two of them.
Both demons launched themselves into mid-air simultaneously, leaping over the hundreds of feet which separated them. Like magnets, they drew each other into combat with spiritual gravities. The Necrodelic leapt upwards in a straight diagonal angle. Morpheus Rex stepped from his precipitous dais to free fall downwards at the exact same angle. They converged in mid-air at a point equidistant from both Serpentikal's skull and the Dreaming Predator's zenithal throne.
Morpheus Rex swung his Prismscepter at the Necrodelic's skull, leaving a bloody dent in his temple. The Necrodelic simultaneously swiped at Morpheus Rex's exposed ribs, opening five red gashes in his tattooed snakeskin. For a brief second, the two adversaries were joined in evanescent contact, and then they passed by one another in mid-air. Chariah landed atop the towering dais as Morpheus Rex alighted upon the head of Serpentikal.
The wounded warriors turned and locked themselves together with bellicose eye contact once again. Chariah placed his right hand upon the prism throne and emitted an electrical charge from his palm, which filled the refracting chair with white heat and crackling energy. He lifted the prism throne over his head with both hands and hurled it toward Morpheus Rex far below. It spun end over end in a perfect arch, and when it reached its target, it exploded, sending shards of blasted prism everywhere, some of which lodged themselves deep in the flesh of Morpheus Rex.
With the dark synchronicity of demon soulmates destined to do battle since the beginning of time, the two fighters jumped once more through the air, meeting at the same equidistant point halfway between Serpentikal and dais. Chariah plummeted with both hands over his head, bringing his ten claws down in the form of the Hellsword and opening a deep gash on the crown of Morpheus Rex's head. As he did so, Morpheus Rex raised his right knee and slammed it  into the Necrodelic's testicles. The two ricocheted off one another with the force of the savage blows, back along the same paths they had just traveled. Chariah backflipped onto the high dais as Morpheus Rex backflipped onto Serpentikal.
Again the demons leapt, flashing through the sky. Chariah twisted sideways and delivered a kick to Morpheus Rex's face while catching a spinning blow from the Prismscepter in the base of his spine. Blood sprinkled like morning showers. They landed and then jumped once more. Chariah arched through mid-air in one long, inverted backwards somersault, kicking Morpheus Rex under the chin and knocking blood and venom from his mouth. Morpheus Rex did a sudden back-flip at the same time, and caught Chariah with the exact same blow after the Necrodelic had revolved again in mid-air. Chariah somersaulted backwards again, this time in the opposite direction, landing once more upon the head of Serpentikal. Morpheus Rex was sent careening upwards in a series of rapid back flips until he crashed onto the dais upon his stomach.
Morpheus Rex lay prostrated atop the prismatic pillar, slithering on his belly like a snake, his forked tongues flickering, his fingers clasping the shimmering edge of the tower. Chariah stood defiant over the Serpentopolis below, his eye contact drilling the prone Morpheus Rex with burning heat. The dream-eater smiled and licked his rainbow lips. Like a komodo dragon, his long-nailed hands gripped the edge of the dais. He used them to propel himself from the pillar, this time diving head-first at the ascending Necrodelic. His cobra strike landed in Chariah's throat, but he ended up with five red gashes, raked vertically down his chest and torso, for his effort.
The duel continued. Chariah dove from the dais with arms cruciform, forming the silhouette of a black raptor in the center of the topaz orb of Dzandra. After completing a full front somersault, he brought his skull down upon Morpheus Rex with a brutal head-butt, right into the wound he had previously opened. Blood exploded, and the Dreaming Predator was driven forcefully back. Morpheus Rex reached out and drove his fingers into Chariah's chest as he suffered the concussive jolt of the headbutt. When he landed once more atop Serpentikal, this time heavily enough to nearly break his legs, he held a dripping black rib in his bloody hand.
The Necrodelic's footprints and talon marks formed two purple bruises and ten red scratches on Morpheus Rex's chest, for the Death Addict had used him as a springboard to propel himself back through the air. Chariah stood once more atop the dais, the pale orange sun Dzandra directly behind him. His shadow was an imposing figure for all Elasvai to see, a dark idol, a hieroglyphic epitaph, the shadow of Satan. He breathed heavily, leaking blood from the hole in his chest where his rib had been torn out. He had two puncture marks in his neck where Morpheus Rex had bitten him. He gazed down at the ophidian demon now. Their eye contact assaulted one another once more. They jumped.
Chariah held his ten claws together and to the right of his head, his palms flat, his talons whistling through the air. Morpheus Rex held his Prismscepter to the right of his own head with both hands. Each connected with each other's temple as they converged, but this time, there would no next leap of combat, no more stages in their demonic duel, for a large lasso of hemp had encircled their battered bodies, pinning their arms to their sides. As the giant noose squeezed tightly into their flesh and swiftly dragged the bound demons through the air, the Necrodelic and Morpheus Rex made one last scorching, mesmeric, painful eye contact. As the battle came to an abrupt end and the two battered combatants were pulled by the enormous lasso toward mutual captivity, Morpheus Rex smiled at his nemesis, licking the blood from his rainbow lips with masochistic ecstasy.
"Next time...," he hissingly promised the Necrodelic between breaths, his sibilant voice bursting in anticipation, "with weapons galleries."

33

When swallowed by the gargantuan worm, the Tantradox set about at once to mutate and domesticate the vermian behemoth from inside its own body. They sailed through the rapids of freshly swallowed cave water and digestive juices on the backs of their conjoined shark steeds, deftly maneuvering their selachian mounts around whirlpools of stomach acid and steaming bile, weaving back and forth as they dodged its beating hearts. Once the creature had settled back into its rocky bed, the Tantradox set to work metamorphosing the primarily sedentary beast into a vessel of escape.
Drelrei and Junisia climbed down from the dorsal saddle of the Siamese twin sharks, leaving them free to swim around the pools of water, blood, mucus, and enzymes which filled the worm's interior. The Tantradox waded through the phlegmatic river of bodily fluids to the ovaries near the worm's head, then crawled inside to perform a tantric ceremony.
The Tantradox began copulating like worms to establish telepathic contact, sexual arousal, and dominance with the behemoth. Being a hermaphrodite, just like the worm, the Tantradox was able to form an instant psychic bond with the creature. The Siamese twin lovers fondled each other's genitals while Junisia began inserting the black hairs of her scalplock, one by one, into Drelrei's flesh. She drove each single hair through a pore in Drelrei's skin, mimicking the tiny, hooked spines with which earthworms exchanged sperm and fornicated. She drove one black hair into each of Drelrei's pupils, one into each ear, and one into the red urethra of his penis. He similarly stuck his pubic hair like quills into her thighs, abdomen, and naval. 
They used the advanced tantras which gave them full control over their bodies and its various systems to stimulate the production of mucus and lymph from their various glands. The mucus leaked from their nostrils and genitals and was coughed up as phlegm in copious amounts, until the Tantradox was covered in it. In this pool of their own mucus, Drelrei and Junisia made love, Drelrei's ten testicles resonating in perfect harmony with Junisia's ten clitorises, her black nipples leaking mucus and milk and his leaking mucus and lymph. As they attained orgasm, so too did the giant worm. At that moment, with their tantric powers, the Tantradox telepathically commanded the worm to crawl through the caves and tunnels to a mountain range in the east. The segmented monster immediately obeyed, bearing its interior passengers to freedom with its second head now in the lead, burrowing through dirt where there were no established passages, emerging into the underground caverns below the mountains and finally peeking its round head out from between the rocks and into the light of Dzandra. As the giant worm became visible, however, it attracted the attention of a passing predator. The creature became frightened and began to retreat, no longer responsive to the commands of the Tantradox. A moment later, there was a humongous crash, as if a moon had fallen into the mountains. Large avalanches blocked the worm's retreat, and the creature froze, paralyzed with fright. It would remain this way until the head of a giant serpent dragged it out and engaged it in combat.
The Tantradox struggled to regain control of the behemoth, repeating the tantric ritual in both of the worm's sets of testes and inside the ovaries near its second head, all to no avail. The concussive impact of the combat jarred them from their bed inside the ovaries, and they bounced around for several moments in the worm's swirling innards. Acrid cataracts of venom poured down the worms gullet and dripped from the multitudinous fang holes in its skin. Their shark steed was lost, vomited in a river of blood, and then the giant serpent dragged its vermiform prey out, tossed it into the air, and clamped its fangs around its head.
The Tantradox tried to escape through the amphisbenic worm's other head, but the ophidian giant began sucking out the innards of its prey, and the Tantradox was unable to escape the strong, tornado-like force of its mouth and lungs. The serpent swallowed all fourteen of the amphisbenic worm's hearts, all of its organs, blood, mucus, and half-digested soil, and then the squirming Tantradox itself. Drelrei and Junisia fell through a giant green esophagus along with the fourteen hearts and a variety of other organs, and were deposited in a tangled mass of limbs inside the Serpentopolis.
The fourteen hearts slapped against the ground around them, followed by the ovaries and testes they had copulated within, the impressions of their bodies still indented in the tissues. The torn saddle of the Siamese twin sharks and its reins fell on top of them a moment later. Drelrei dragged it from their backs and held it in one hand, knowing it might be the only weapon they would find. There was a growing pool of blood and half-digested liquid spreading through the foyer. The Tantradox arose from the puddle of ichor and observed its surroundings.
The walls, floor, and ceiling were lined with snakeskin. The corridors ran off in nine different directions, with long curvings instead of corners. Five similarly wavy spiral stairways led to upper levels. Two snakeman guards in dark iron armor and helmets were approaching them from either direction, with tridents and spears in their hands. Another was descending one of the curving staircases directly in front of them.
"Serpentopolis," Drelrei whispered. "The serpents have returned."
"They've disavowed their banishment," Junisia replied. "We must destroy them this time."
As the ophidian sentinels approached, forked tongues flickering, beady eyes gleaming below the pyramidal frontpieces of their helmets, the Tantradox attacked. Helmets, scales, flesh, skull, and brains became one beneath their cloven hooves, each sticking out of one another like shards of broken glass. They kicked the first two sentinels in the head, killing each instantly. The other they trampled as he ran down the round corridor in search of assistance.
The Tantradox reversed its direction and fled through the labyrinth. They accidentally burst into the courtyard, where fountains of venom sprayed high in the air, in mandalic shapes, amongst marble statues of multi-headed nagas and large-breasted gorgons and lamias. There were several of the serpentmen here, guards, sentinels, soldiers, and archers. The Tantradox kicked out like a rabid destrier and managed to escape their clutches.
 Drelrei and Junisia wandered throughout the corridors of Serpentopolis. They avoided the serpent citizens whenever possible, as well as the doors with names and hieroglyphs in ancient ophidian languages etched above them. Finally, they emerged into one of the snakehead turrets, just in time to watch the demonic duel between the Necrodelic and Morpheus Rex from a fanged balcony.
Drelrei began to smooth the reins of the saddle in his cloven hand. It was made from strong hemp, and thus he was able to make it grow longer within his very fingers as he watched the two demons bludgeon and bloody themselves. He waited until they had inflicted more damage upon one another, and then swung the elongated rope of hemp from the snakehead tower in a large lasso, catching the two combatants at their equidistant convergence point. He pulled the hemp tight, capturing the demons in its unforgiving grasp.
Laughing, the Tantradox began swinging the demons around by the hempen noose, bashing their bodies against the walls and towers and down upon the coils of Serpentopolis, where they bounced in a bloody bundle like a sadist's plaything and a necrobestialist's pet. This only served to alarm the guards, however, and every fanged balcony across from them soon filled with serpentman archers.
Using the tangled, bound bodies of the Necrodelic and Morpheus Rex as a grapnel, the Tantradox hurled the elongated lasso into the mountain peaks in the distance and swung to freedom, soaring over a barrage of ophidian arrows. After safely escaping to the opposite side of the mountain range, holding the captured demons down with the heavy cloven hoof of its giant middle leg, the Tantradox whistled for one of its servile beasts. 
"We will break them apart," Drelrei said as they awaited their steed.
"And then sacrifice them in the Temples of Tantra," Junisia replied. "They will be offerings to the demiurge of our love."
From the gardens below a pair of Siamese twin sphinxes came rumbling from the east, each bound by a complex leather yoke. Behind them the hybrid beasts dragged a chariot covered in ornate, pornographic wood-carvings. The sphinxes were harnessed in succession, bridles and reins slipped over their heads. The sphinxes galloped up the mountainside, pulling the chariot behind them, their paws kicking up small avalanches. The creatures came obediently to the Tantradox's side. As the Tantradox had commanded by the pitch of its whistle, the chariot contained a weapon's rack, a hookah, and a treasure chest full of drugs. It also contained two spiked ball gags, which were like tiny morning stars with a pair of chains that clasped together like a necklace. These were fitted over the heads of both the Necrodelic and Morpheus Rex, to keep them from breathing fire and spitting venom, respectively, and to prevent them from  casting spells or summoning their living spaceships.
Drelrei and Junisia bound the Necrodelic and Morpheus Rex separately now, weaving their magic on the hemp to make it grow around their arms, wrists, and ankles, then tying it in two long ropes to the yoni-shaped rings of the chariot. Once bound and immobilized, the demons were laid supinely on the ground.
The Tantradox climbed inside the chariot, grasping lingham handholds for balance. They closed the wooden doors of the chariot and bolted them with an iron lingham-and-yoni configuration. Drelrei pulled upon the reins of the sphinxes, and the trained Siamese twin beasts began running at full speed down the mountain, dragging the bound and gagged Necrodelic and Morpheus Rex behind them. The Tantradox gazed from the back of the chariot upon its helpless victims, bouncing down the mountainside, the skin on their backs being torn off by friction and abrasion. Sometimes their flesh hit jutting rocks, which the laughing Tantradox found sadistically amusing.
Drelrei pulled on the sphinxes' reins, shouting, "To the rose gardens."
The large steeds stampeded over the planet obediently, into the fields of roses. The Necrodelic and Morpheus Rex were dragged helplessly behind, their skin catching and tearing on the thorns of roses, leaving large dewdrops of blood behind. 
For an hour, they were pulled through the thorny roses, and then, for another hour, through fields of poison ivy. The Tantradox smoked opium from its hookah and began to make selections from the weapon's rack. Drelrei grabbed a long spear, which he jabbed at Morpheus Rex like a phallic symbol of dominance. Junisia wielded a whip like a dominatrix, flaying the Necrodelic as he was jostled through the poison ivy, opening red wounds upon his irritated skin.
They traded weapons when they came to the meadows of poison sumac, and the Necrodelic was punctured while Morpheus Rex was flogged. An hour later, as they entered the Venus flytrap gardens, the two bound victims were covered in welts, cuts, bruises, and rashes. The Venus flytraps snapped at the intruders being dragged through their midst, clamping down hard on their flesh. Some of them had teeth and fangs, while others had sticky tongues which ripped the skin right off their prey.
Morpheus Rex had flipped over onto his stomach, and a Venus flytrap had grabbed ahold of both his penises in painful fellacio. The dream-eater ejaculated with masochistic delight as the plant tried to devour his members, then ejaculated again when its viscous tongue ripped all the skin from the underside of his upper penis. Chariah, conversely, was seething with wrath, more from the bondage than the pain, plotting thousands of different forms of revenge.
The pain would increase after an hour in the cactus gardens. Ripped and torn, the dangling bodies of the Necrodelic and Morpheus Rex were subjected to further tortures at the hands of the Tantradox, assaulting them with morning stars on extremely long chains, aiming blows at their heads, chests, and genitals as the cacti tore the flesh from their bones.
Another hour in the apiary and a forest full of hives provided thousands of stings from Siamese twin bees, wasps, and hornets. An hour in the jungle of tree frogs added painful venom and curare to their open wounds. An hour of fire ants added burning, swollen bites all over their bodies. As evening fell, the Tantradox spurred the sphinxes to attain their fastest possible speed. The chariot careened toward the topaz sunset, through an open plain of razorgrass whose edges were as sharp as blades. The sphinxes were further inspired by repeated lashings from the whip, as well as words uttered in the primal goat-like native languages of Elasvai, to a bludgeoning gait that resulted in broken bones and concussions for the Necrodelic and Morpheus Rex.
When night fell, Morpheus Rex transformed into the Oneirophage. The hemp around his tail reflexively tightened. Chariah watched the entire metamorphosis with stinging bloodshot eyes, eyes filled with dust, dirt, sand, pollen, and debris. The Necrodelic wondered to himself if he could use the Oneirophage's were-nature against him somehow, in future battles, after they were freed from the infernal chariot and he had slowly dismembered the Tantradox.
The evening began with a trip to the belladonna gardens. After being submerged in nightshade, the demons were dragged through patches of psilocybic mushrooms, ergot, jimson weed, and morning glory. They continued with a journey through an ancient, tick-infested forest, which consisted of bouncing off trees, being lacerated on jagged tree stumps, and being infested and masticated by thousands of ticks and termites. A gauntlet of termite mounds was next, the large insect edifices exploding as Chariah and the Oneirophage rolled into them while the chariot careened around them in the distance, navigating the teeming hills like a minefield while making sure their victims crashed into them whenever possible.
The ancient hunting grounds had been abolished by the Tantradox long ago, but had been left intact through the centuries and preserved as a piece of history. The sphinxes broke through its gates and stampeded through the anachronistic forest. All the old animal snares and traps were still in place, and were now triggered by passing forms of the Necrodelic and the Oneirophage. Steel teeth closed around their ankles, their genitals, their arms, their hair and their faces. Old leaf covered pits were disturbed, the Necrodelic and Oneirophage impaled briefly on the wooden stakes below, then ricocheting from the walls of the pit and being dragged into further torment. Nooses closed around any part of their bodies, leaving them suspended in mid-air between trees and chariot, stretching them like torture racks before the branches broke, releasing them to tumble awkwardly to the ground. 
The Oneirophage was ejaculating again. Golgothas pummeled them with the skeletons of extinct animals, breaking their bones with the bones of others. The short night came to an end. Dzandra arose in the sky. The Tantradox celebrated the dawn by beating the Necrodelic and the freshly transformed Morpheus Rex with fifty-foot quarterstaffs.
 The only time the sphinxes ceased their incessant running was at the behest of the Tantradox, which called out a commandment and begun to rein them in as they came upon a flowerbed of hyacinth. A slow rumble was building along the horizon, as a herd of Siamese twin triceratops were thundering closer and closer. Minutes later, the stampeding dinosaurs trampled the Necrodelic and Morpheus Rex to a bloody pulp beneath their thousand hooves. Once the herd of triceratops had passed, leaving the Necrodelic and Morpheus Rex broken and moaning in their wake, the sphinxes were spurred once more into action.
 The morning hours were passed with a trip down a piranha-infested river. The sphinxes and their chariot ran alongside the shore, while the Necrodelic and Morpheus Rex were dragged through the waters, where the frenzied piranhas attempted to devour them. The demons were then dragged through whitewater rapids filled with jagged rocks, in which they were often turned completely around and knocked into strange positions, spinning and twisting in mid-air and underwater.
The sphinxes ran down a hill which corresponded with the river and its eventual waterfall. The Necrodelic and Morpheus Rex descended via the raging and towering cataract, landing in broken, bleeding masses on the rocks below and resurfacing in the catfish-infested pools of Candiru Falls. The thin catfish embedded themselves immediately in the Necrodelic's black phallus, as well as both of Morpheus Rex's penises. They swam like needles straight into their urethras, and there they stayed, entrenched in the interior of their members. Morpheus Rex was again stimulated, and found himself with twin erections and multiple orgasms. The masochistic dream-eater had begun to enjoy the prolonged torture, and as they were dragged through various fields and gardens until the afternoon, often masturbated by turning over on his stomach and rubbing his phalluses on plants, flowers, grasses, and the abrasive, decorticating ground.
Finally the chariot came to the Temples of Tantra. The Necrodelic and Morpheus Rex were dragged over ancient paved pathways and bridges and through stone pagodas, leaving long smears of blood in their wake. Entire temples were razed by the force of their bouncing bodies as the Tantradox deliberately steered them into the stone edifices, dragging them through the walls with explosions of dust and bringing the ceilings and rooftops down around them like a rainfall of monoliths and obelisks. The sphinxes dragged them to the largest temple, up its steps, through its gothically arched entrance, and down a pathway between several rows of ornately carven wooden pews, all the way to the altar of sacrifice at its end, where the Tantradox dismounted. At long last, the forced tour of the garden planet had ended.
The Tantradox began sharpening a ceremonial dagger on its horns. Chariah looked into the eyes of the Siamese twins with his burning crimson gaze. The Tantradox thought he and Morpheus Rex would be weak sacrificial victims after the long hours of torment. It was a severe miscalculation. Chariah was so enraged he that he no longer felt the alarums of pain shooting through his nervous system. The only thing the Tantradox had done was arouse his Hellish wrath. 
He glanced at Morpheus Rex beside him. The Dreaming Predator seemed to have enjoyed the ordeal. Pain and pleasure were often the same to the masochistic dream-eater, and the Tantradox's torture had heightened his oneiromantic powers in much the same way it had raised Chariah's fury. The Tantradox would have been better served to let them finish their duel, in which one or both of them could well have met their demise. 
The Necrodelic snarled and growled beneath his spiked ball gag. The Siamese twins were as foolish as they were perverted. When they released him from his bonds, he was going to fuck them up worse than Satan himself could possibly imagine. Fuck them up all the way to Hell.

34

The Tantradox had summoned all of its pets, every creature on Elasvai, to witness the sacrifice of the Oneirophage and the Necrodelic. As the topaz sun Dzandra set behind the Temples of Tantra they came, a cortege of the wicked and the damned. Hydraman entered the temple and sat in one of the stone pews. A towering, green-scaled, hominid reptile with two legs and nine heads, Hydraman stood over fifteen feet tall, each one of his necks longer than his entire lower body. His necks were arrayed on a candelabra-like arch of flesh that curved upwards to both right and left on a single, base neck which was shorter, thicker, and stouter than its brethren above. Hydraman's nine necks were perfectly symmetrical, and each bore an identical dragon head atop it.
Hydraman was followed into the temple by the Triskadekaminotaur, a thirteen-headed minotaur from the Tantradox's genetic farms. Behind him came the Multiworm, another of the Tantradox's mutations, a wriggling mass of worms joined by heads, tails, segments, and spiny hairs, shaped like a giant homunculus and walking upright with a hideous gait, stepping, wriggling, and shuffling all at once, its extremities waving in the air. Cerberus, the black, blood-slavering, five-headed hellhound, was chained to the vermian abomination, and walked beside it like a pet and a familiar both. They were followed by all manner of centaurs, satyrs, cocaine demons, birdmen, and beastmen.
All around the temple, the Siamese twin creatures of Elasvai gathered to watch the sacrifice through the open, diamond-shaped windows of the stone temple. Manticores, basilisks, griffins, hippogriffs, leucrotas, cockatrices, and sphinxes all made their way to the plains, followed by herds of conjoined dinosaurs and packs of conjoined beasts, and all manner of hybrids, cross-breeds, mutations, and geryons from the Tantradox' genetic farms, including demons with animal heads, animals with demon heads, and every species of fauna indigenous to Elasvai sewn, grafted, and welded to members of different species in infinite combinations, as well as an entire pack of wolves which had been surgically combined into one massive, multiple lupine entity, and a pride of lions to which had been done the same.
From the griffin, harpy, bat, and raptor clouded skies Pestilentia descended, to observe the ceremony through the large cleft in the temple roof. She brought along with her a retinue of insectoid royalty, including one of the ten leaders of her army, the gigantic Warlord Centipedicus IV, who carried a different weapon in each of his hundred hands and was a master of them all. Also joining Pestilentia were Madam Mantis, Mistress Mantis, and Mater Mantis, the three matriarchs of her drones, her slaves, and her young; the wasp demon Stingmeister, slavedriver of her worker hordes; and her young nephew, Prince Scorpio. As usual, her reclusive mate Panzebub had chosen not to join her.
As the moons rose and starlight fell over the Temples of Tantra and the surrounding fields, the face of Satan appeared in the skies like aurora borealis, his crimson head the size of a planet on a collision course with Elasvai, filling the stratosphere with his phallic horns, his smiling fangs, his smoking eyes, and his external veins and arteries. The sadistic creator of the universe had come to watch as well, the ultimate voyeur.
The temple had been filled. The throngs of animals were gathered around it in a circle stretching beyond every horizon. Pestilentia and her insects hovered and perched around the opening in the roof. The winged creatures fluttered in mid-air. The gargantuan death's head of Satan glowed in the night sky. The moment of sacrifice had arrived.
The Tantradox emerged from the temple's antechambers wearing a black, hooded robe of animal fur. The mark of the pentagram was still burned into its chest, and was visible between the open folds of the robe. The Siamese twin demons slowly walked to the altar of sacrifice with their peculiar, three-legged gait, a lit brazier in their hands releasing a psychotropic incense of opium, lotus, myrrh, and sandalwood. They used the brazier to light the candles in the sconces ringing the chamber and the altar. The flames illuminated the temple, flickering over the faces of the audience and illuminating the bloodstained altar, which had been draped in shadow. A large gallows loomed over the altar, and from it the bodies of the Necrodelic and the Oneirophage were suspended cruciform, side by side, on one continuous, complicated harness of inflexible hempen rope. Their necks were constricted in nooses, their arms outstretched and tethered by the wrists to the poles of the gallows on either side, and to the yoni rings in the gallows above. The spiked ball gags were still in their mouths, and their bodies were covered in scrapes, scratches, cuts, punctures, bruises, abrasions, and rashes from the tortuous dragging. Stretched tautly in mid-air on the binding mesh of the hempen harness, the legs, arms, and head of the Necrodelic formed the five points of a star, the ancient, sacrificial pentagram position.
The Tantradox laid its sacrificial tools upon the altar. Along with a double-bladed ceremonial dagger was a giant pair of scissors, a long saw, a scalpel,  a lit torch, and a giant, threaded needle. Drelrei and Junisia removed their hood and climbed atop the altar. Each took one of the curved handles of the sword-sized scissors in each hand. They placed the blades over the Necrodelic's shoulder and attempted to sever his arm. The scissors bit into the Necrodelic's flesh. Blood spattered the altar. The  Tantradox tried to close the blades, but could not slice through the Necrodelic's muscles. They tugged and pulled, shoved and yanked, cursed and chanted, all to no avail. His muscles had become like an adamantium fiber, impenetrable and resistant to steel.
The Tantradox turned their attention to the Oneirophage. Chariah began sifting through stratagems and battle-plans as he relaxed the muscles in his shoulder, letting the dark energy which he had concentrated into that area flow back to the rest of his body. He shuddered with wrath as he realized what the "sacrifice" planned by the Tantradox entailed: the joining of his flesh with the Oneirophage's as Siamese twins. Whether the Tantradox intended to murder, torture, enslave, breed, or rape them, or simply cast them back into the universe in this mutated and execrable form, was irrelevant to the Necrodelic, for he would never allow the gruesome and perverted ceremony to be completed.
Astral projection and possession of the Tantradox, as he had done in the Forest of Flesh, seemed his best option. He quickly discerned that the Siamese twins had cast a spell of warding to prevent that very thing, however, before the commencement of the ritual. He turned his crimson gaze to the audience. Perhaps he could possess one of them. He began to evaluate the creatures with black logic and dark psychic probings.
The Tantradox had positioned the scissors over the right shoulder of the Oneirophage. They closed the blades, and this time, unlike their attempts to amputate the Necrodelic's arm, the dream-eater's tattooed limb easily detached. The severed arm dangled from the hempen fetters until the Tantradox bisected it at the wrist, and it fell from its remaining bond to the altar below. The Tantradox turned, kneeled, and picked up the lit torch to cauterize the wound. When the Tantradox rose again, however, the Oneirophage's arm had regenerated itself. 
With four wide eyes and two confused expressions, the Tantradox glanced back to the altar. The bloody limb still lay there twitching, but the Oneirophage had grown an exact replication in its place. The Tantradox bent down to retrieve the scissors and sever this new limb as well. They rose and clove the Oneirophage's arm from the shoulder once again. It fell beside the first in a joined pool of blood. The raw red wound in the Oneirophage's shoulder began to writhe like a nest of serpents, and then, like a lizard regenerating its tail, the Oneirophage grew another perfect  version of the sundered arm, an exact replica all the way down to the tiniest details of the most inconspicuous tattoos. From the back of the temple could be heard the ninefold cacchinations of Hydraman. The Tantradox cut the Oneirophage's arm off a third time, a fourth, a fifth, then flung the scissors with a loud clatter to the ground and turned to grab their ceremonial dagger. If the sacrificial demons would not cooperate, they would be eviscerated.
The Tantradox, however, in its rage and its confusion, had failed to realize that none of the regenerated arms the Oneirophage sprouted were tethered to the harness. When the Siamese twins rose again, gripping their dagger, the Oneirophage's unfettered right hand shot out and grabbed Drelrei by the throat. His fist squeezed the incubus' larynx like a boa constrictor as Junisia wildly flailed at the dream-eater with the dagger. The Oneirophage released Drelrei's purpling throat and backfisted Junisia in the face, then grabbed the ceremonial dagger and cut himself free of his bonds.
The Oneirophage and the Tantradox wrestled upon the altar, bashing each other's heads into the stone, rolling back and forth and finally falling to the ground. Chariah strained his head to watch the combat between the Oneirophage and the Tantradox, hoping the dream-eater would extricate himself and cut him free. He had decided against possessing one of the creatures in the audience, not willing to leave his physical body vulnerable through astral projection in this environment and situation, even if only for a moment. 
The Tantradox had gained the advantage. Drelrei had a handful of the Oneirophage's prism-plaited hair in his fist, and with a knee to the base of his spine forced him down into a kneeling position. Junisia raked at his throat and face with her black fingernails, then grabbed the torch from the altar and burned the side of his face and his chest, obscuring his tattoos with wet, black, bloody soot. 
Drelrei called out to Pestilentia hovering above, then grabbed the Oneirophage beneath his shoulders and heaved him high into the air, throwing him through the opening in the temple roof. The Empress of Insects caught him in her viscous flesh, where he immediately stuck and struggled like a sea serpent in a tar pit, sinking into the thick brown semiliquidity of one of her lower legs, wherein he would be entombed if he could not free himself.
Chariah cursed the Oneirophage. The Tantradox recaptured the dagger and used it to eviscerate the Necrodelic, slashing quickly and deeply, no longer bearing any patience for ritual or ceremony. The Necrodelic's intestines burst out like a nest of black mambas. Chariah could control every single part of his body, however, including his internal organs, and, utilizing this power, wrapped his dark entrails around both of the Tantradox's necks, the coils of his intestines crushing their throats like pythons. The Siamese twins leaked blood from their mouths as they hacked at Chariah's exposed viscera. The Necrodelic recoiled his intestines and rearranged them, binding the Tantradox' arms behind its back and forcing the Siamese twin demons to their knees. He  tightened the entrails around their throats still further, squeezing their windpipes as though with a garrote, choking them into semi-consciousness and thus incapacitating them while he tried to free himself.
He scanned the audience again, once more considering a possession, but with his guts now dangling from his torso it was far too dangerous to abandon his body. He had no powers of hypnosis or mind control, and all his other sorceries were severely hindered by being bound in the pentagram position. Chariah dragged his crimson eye contact through the crowd, then found that he himself was the focus of someone's eye contact.
Tenfold eye contact.
The black eyes of Cerberus bore simultaneously into his own. Chariah returned the eye contact with the five-headed hellhound, and was suddenly overcome with a strong, vertiginous sense of deja vu. He had known the hellhound in previous lives. It was a soulmate.
Chariah called telepathically to Cerberus. The beast immediately responded to its ancient master, tearing free of the Multiworm, bursting forth and dragging an entire bloody section of the monstrosity with him. The five-headed mastiff leapt onto the sacrificial altar, maintaining psychic contact with the Necrodelic all the while. An instant later, it rose up on its muscular hindquarters and ripped the ball gag from Chariah's mouth, shattering the links of the chain which held it in place as it did so.
 The growling beast began tearing at the masses of tethers, before suddenly being spitted upon the spear of a centaur. Cerberus whined and toppled from the altar, run through from flank to flank by the weapon. Chariah sucked a fireball up from Hell, through his lungs, and spat it at the centaur, setting it aflame. Chariah breathed in the psychedelic smoke of the centaur's charred flesh, healing himself, revitalizing his dark energies, and empowering himself with black enlightenment. The Necrodelic struggled, but still could not loose his bonds. The tethers had closed off too many of his energy points. He contemplated setting a fire that would destroy the whole temple, gallows, bonds, audience and all. It would have to be a disintegrating conflagration, else the pieces of the stone temple would crash down and cripple him.
Chariah sucked in his breath and prepared to unleash a powerful blast of flames from Hell that would instantaneously incinerate the Temples of Tantra and everything and everyone inside it except himself. His lungs glowed redly in his chest, visible beneath his black sculpted pectoral muscles as he inhaled and began drawing forth Hellfire from below. The Necrodelic began to exhale, then noticed from the corner of his crimson eyes the fallen form of Cerberus, the spear still sticking through his side. The five-headed dog lay wounded, but alive.
At the last minute Chariah tilted his head upwards and breathed the disintegrating fire through the hole in the temple ceiling. The flames rushed like screaming banshees into one of Pestilentia's upper legs and burned straight through the entire limb in less than a nanosecond. The lower part of the leg, with the wriggling Oneirophage still struggling in its ambrium, fell through the cleft in the roof to the temple floor, where it melted into a sticky golden-brown puddle, bearing thousands of preserved insect corpses in its viscid pools. The Oneirophage thrashed about in the scalding ambrium as it liquified, but was unable to free himself. He looked upwards and caught the Necrodelic with his kaleidoscopic eye contact.
"Set me free, death-smoker. I saved your life," the Oneirophage hissed.
"You're delusional, dream-eater. I'd have slain the Tantradox in time, bound or not. I'll not play your little game."
"Just set me free," the Oneirophage hissed, his eyes spinning in their sockets.
The Necrodelic was more susceptible to hypnosis in his bound and weakened state, and spat a long stream of Hellfire into the pool of ambrium. The sludgelike mass of honey, opium, amber, and ectoplasm melted, and the Oneirophage arose from its morass with steaming ambrium dripping down his body like hot candlewax.
"Return the karma," snarled the Necrodelic.
The Oneirophage grabbed the scalpel from the altar of sacrifice and sundered the Necrodelic's bonds. Chariah untangled his entrails from the Drelrei and Junisia's throats, then grabbed them by the necks and threw them violently against the rear wall of the chamber. The stone wall cracked as the Tantradox struck it. Drelrei and Junisia fell limply onto a stack of storage chests, which then toppled and spilled opium and incense all over the floor.
Chariah jumped from the altar and knelt at the side of Cerberus. He placed his hands on the panting dog, then withdrew the spear from its side. He whispered a word of healing, his palms glowing red for an instant, and then the five-headed hellhound growled and jumped back to its feet, barking and howling its canine battle-cries at the Tantradox.
"You should have killed me while I was bound," said the Necrodelic to the Oneirophage. "You'll never have another chance."
"And you should have slain me while I lay trapped in ambrium. You owe me your life, and twofold at that, Necrodelic."
"More games, Oneirophage. No lives have been saved or spared here, no  blood-debts accrued. You'd have freed yourself in time, just as I would have. We are not symbiotic, you and I."
"That we are not," the Oneirophage agreed. "But we are soulmates, though dark soulmates we be."
"Then let us sacrifice those who would sacrifice us," spoke the Necrodelic in an ominous tone.
The Oneirophage smiled, his three forked tongues flickering from between his rainbow lips, and gathered up the giant scissors in his hands. 
Chariah walked over to the altar and grabbed the long saw. Running his black fingertips along its razor-sharp teeth until they bled, he waited for the Oneirophage to drag the unconscious Tantradox from amongst the broken chests and piles of spilled incense and opium. The Necrodelic's crimson eyes blazed in the nocturnal shadows of the temple. The Oneirophage lifted the Tantradox over his shoulder and then dumped it heavily atop the altar. Chariah sprang onto the altar with a pantherish leap and a splash of blood and proceeded to tie two hangman's nooses in the sundered harness dangling from the  gallows..
The Oneirophage, meanwhile, tore the black robe from around Drelrei and Junisia's shoulders and bound their hands behind their back, in a complex serpent's knot that, when completed, formed the shape of a coiled cobra. Together, the Necrodelic and the Oneirophage lifted the Tantradox into the air and maneuvered their heads into the nooses. Chariah walked over to the controls in the gallows pole to draw the rope tighter, then said to the Oneirophage, "Wake them up."
The Oneirophage twirled his long fingernailed right hand and produced the strawlike Umbilicus. He blew first into Drelrei's mouth, then into Junisia's, resuscitating the incubus and succubus instantly. The master of dreams was also a master of sleep, and could giveth or taketh either one at will.
The Tantradox awoke and immediately panicked, swinging and kicking in mid-air. The Necrodelic's crimson eye contact met the Oneirophage's kaleidoscopic eye contact. Chariah lifted the long saw with his right hand, and placed it between Drelrei and Junisia's head, settling it in the cleft between their shoulders where their flesh had been surgically joined. With a rhythmic dragging of the saw, Chariah began to undo what the Tantradox had done.
Drelrei and Junisia screamed, cried, and begged for mercy. Chariah paid them no heed, just continued to stoically saw their flesh asunder, separating their joined shoulders, opening a wide crimson valley in their mutual chest. The Necrodelic then stepped back and let the Oneirophage take his turn. The Oneirophage placed the scissors underneath their grotesquely misshapen middle leg, their shared leg, and began to cut. The blades of the scissors clashed loudly together as he drove them upwards, slicing through foot and heel, ankle and calf, knee and thigh, severing tendons, rending bone, and bloodying his arms to the elbows as he toiled. He stopped below their genitals, giving them, for the moment, a third crotch, a scarlet prosthetic groin.
The Oneirophage stepped back, and held the bloody scissors down at his side. The gashed Tantradox dangled like a piece of raw meat joined only by gristle and a few pieces of bone. Drelrei and Junisia wept. Inspired by their tears, Chariah placed a talon beneath Drelrei's right eye and another beneath Junisia's left eye, each catching in the soft skin at the corners of their eyelids. He slowly dragged the two claws down their faces, opening red furrows for their tears to course through. He moved the claws to the insides of their eye sockets, and sliced another crimson groove for the tears to runnel down. He drew his hands closer together, as if in prayer, then slit the other inside corners of their eyes all the way to their chins. His talons moved closer together again, as if magnetically drawn to one another, and scratched two final rivers for their tears to sail.
With eight crimson Phlegethons canalized and irrigated in the flesh of their faces by the dark claws of the Death Addict, the Tantradox whimpered and struggled, their crying eyes wincing in pain, terror, and despair. Finally, Chariah brought the talons of his two forefingers together, blade against blade, razor against razor. He flicked the rest of his claws into place beside them, letting his palms hover over the Tantradox like the shadow of death. Chariah breathed in and raised his hands over his head, his ten claws forming one mighty black guillotine, its edges gleaming, glistening with slick blood, and then, with all the fury of a lightning bolt, he brought the Hellsword down, severing the Siamese twin lovers from one another completely, sundering the Tantradox from itself.
The two halves twisted violently on their nooses, spinning and swinging like fresh slabs of raw flesh on meathooks during an earthquake, dangling in a cannibal's abbatoir on some seismically disturbed moon or planet. Chariah let Drelrei and Junisia hang for several minutes, their bodies trembling and seeming to spark to life when they briefly touched, only to drift away from each other's cloven halves once again. Finally, Chariah cut them down from the nooses with a flick of his claws. Drelrei and Junisia tumbled into each other's arms and collapsed into one another's gory embrace, their bleeding forms intertwining upon the altar of sacrifice. Chariah kicked their tangled bodies from the altar with one taloned foot. They landed in two quivering lumps on the floor.
"Begone with thee," the Necrodelic spoke. "Take thy humiliation and thy dismemberment and flee into your gardens, to live your lives in torture and despair, and know that when you return, with your hearts full of vengeance and your eyes bright with scorn, I shall sunder thee again, and send thy souls separately to Hell, damning you to be eternally..." 
The Necrodelic paused, looming over the fallen entity he had ripped in twain from atop the bloodstained altar, then breathed forth the fires of Hell over their bleeding bodies, to cauterize their wounds so that they might flee in each other's arms and be forced to live their lives as two, and in the streams of flame that burst from his blackened lips could be heard the final word of his curse, like thunder and gongs and poltergeists.
"Apart..."

35

The crippled Tantradox made its way from the temple, sometimes trying to walk with one another's support and falling in a bloody heap, at other times slithering, crawling, or rolling down the aisle of the basilica, then dragging each other down the stone steps and whistling for Siamese twin cockatrices to alight and bear them away. Back within the temple walls, the Oneirophage spoke to the Necrodelic in his hissing voice.
"We should have killed them."
Chariah watched with red-hot eyes as the bisected Siamese twin lovers soared off into the night on the back of their half-bird, half-serpent steed.
"I'm not through torturing them," he replied. "Vengeance is a drug. It's sexual, psychedelic. Its pure black hatred, and I'm drunk on it. I wish to partake of it a while longer."
The Oneirophage watched the departure of the disjoined Tantradox through the open temple doors as well, his kaleidoscopic eyes spinning in the darkness.
As the Tantradox disappeared over the horizon, Chariah refocused his gaze upon all the creatures gathered inside and around the temple. 
"Genocide time," Chariah said, dropping with feline grace and evil purpose from the altar. He was immediately followed by the Oneirophage, who still wielded the enormous scissors. Cerberus, who had been waiting obediently at the side of the altar, sprang into battle at the cue from its master, tearing into the Multiworm with all five sets of jaws, shaking his heads rabidly back and forth, tearing the conjoined vermian monstrosity to shreds with his black fangs, avenging himself upon the monstrosity that had held his leash in bondage just an hour before.
Chariah lifted his clawed hands over his shoulders and then brought them down quickly at his sides. There was a loud thunderclap, and all of the centaurs, satyrs, cocaine demons, birdmen, and beastmen in the temple spontaneously combusted, leaving behind nought but an explosion of ashes, swirling around and around as if caught in the winds of a powerful storm.
Hydraman was exchanging headbutts with the Triskadekaminotaur in the aisle of a pew near the temple's entrance. Though outnumbered thirteen heads to nine, Hydraman had gained the advantage, raining skulls down upon the faces of the Triskadekaminotaur with a violent rhythm, a sickening drumbeat of bone striking bone that was sometimes accompanied by the shattering of a nose, the splintering of a jaw, or the sundering of a suture. Hydraman pounded the Triskadekaminotaur's heads like a musical instrument, sometimes dropping two or three headbutts simultaneously. The thirteen-headed abomination was stumbling backwards on an arching spine as Hydraman continued to rain blows, finally knocking the Triskadekaminotaur onto his back and then releasing a final barrage of head butts, these magnified exponentially by the stone ground at the back of his skulls. Thirteen explosions of red filled the air as thirteen skulls were encerebrated, thirteen faces melting into boneless pantomimes of themselves, thirteen brains flowing in pink puddles along the ground and spattering the walls of the temple with dripping carnelian.
Hydraman arose, his nine dragonheads bleeding, eyes and lips swollen, noses broken, foreheads split wide open, parts of his faces and body torn by the Triskadekaminotaur's horns, to stand triumphantly beside the Necrodelic, the Oneirophage, and Cerberus upon the battlefield. 
Pestilentia and her insect hordes had followed the torn Tantradox, assisting Drelrei and Junisia with their escape and blessing them with offerings of opium before returning to the Temples of Tantra. She buzzed angrily over the aperture in the ceiling now as the battle within the temple came to an end.
"Necrodelic, in addition to betraying and slaying my sister Spidratha, you have mutilated my soulmates. Oneirophage, the vendetta between your races and ours is an ancient one, but you have fueled it this night with your mistreatment of my acolytes. Before the sun rises, the two of you will be ornaments in my flesh, just another pair of fossils in my menagerie of the dead."
At that moment, Prince Scorpio burst through the temple doors, his tail streaming with venom, and charged the Necrodelic and the Oneirophage. He somersaulted down the aisle and sprang onto his hands, his venomous stinger aimed at the face of the Necrodelic. Chariah casually raised his right hand and, using two of his long talons like a pair of scissors, snipped off the dripping tip of Prince Scorpio's tail. The young scorpion sprang back onto his own open wound, sprawling in his own slippery ichor between the pews while Chariah held his severed tail up like a trophy. The Necrodelic lunged forward, and when Prince Scorpio raised his pincers to defend himself, Chariah caught each of them between a pair of claws in either hand, and like scissors chopped them off as well. As Prince Scorpio's severed chelae thrashed and pinched the air reflexively in a puddle of blood on the floor, Chariah turned sideways and struck with the same two dripping claws of his right hand with which he had severed the scorpion demon's left pincer, bringing the long razor-sharp talons of his index and middle fingers together like a pair of shears around Prince Scorpio's throat and clipping off his head.
A moment later Pestilentia rammed the temple with her titanic body, razing the entire edifice to the ground in a shower of large stones and an explosion of dust with the force of her charging girth. The Necrodelic, the Oneirophage, Hydraman, and Cerberus raced through the crumbling doors at the last moment and down the temple steps, where Pestilentia's minions, Warlord Centipedicus IV, Mistress Mantis, Madam Mantis, Mater Mantis, and the Stingmeister awaited them.
The Necrodelic engaged the gargantuan Warlord Centipedicus IV, whose hundred arms brandished a hundred different weapons simultaneously. Chariah defended himself with a furious black frenzy of claws, blocking, deflecting, and knocking aside every attack with blinding speed, all the while ducking, leaping, spinning, and dodging whenever necessary, sometimes while levitating in mid-air up to two hundred feet off the ground to match the colossal insect demon's towering height.
Hydraman attacked the triumvirate of mantid matriarchs, knocking the green blood from their mouths with a trio of head butts before finding himself caught in three pairs of pincers and large, dripping mandibles gnawing on three of his faces. He would eventually detach himself from the captured heads as the mantises devoured them, leaving three long throats trailing from betwixt their mandibles as they chewed upon skulls and masticated brains. Hydraman retreated like a lizard that leaves its tail behind in the grasp of a predator to escape, then immediately grew three more heads to replace the ones that were being devoured by the mantid succubi.
Cerberus drooled blood in ten steady streams from the corners of his five mouths, growling, barking, and then lunging at Stingmeister. The wasp demon attempted to fly away but was caught by the back leg in the five-headed canine's jaws and thrown brutally to the ground, after which the hellhound continued to bash him repeatedly, raising him into the air with his fangs and then bringing him down violently, again and again and again.
The Oneirophage waited for Pestilentia to emerge from the debris of the temple, then severed the foot of one her forelegs as she flew past. Dodging the droppings of plasm falling to the ground, the Oneirophage lashed out with the battle scissors again, gashing the insectoid matriarch in the abdomen, but, this time, the blades got stuck in her flesh and the Oneirophage was carried into the air along with her, still clinging to the handles of the giant scissors.
The massive herds of animals in the fields had begun stamping their feet and trampling one another, and when a few of the Necrodelic's fireballs lighted in the grass after being deflected by the centipede warlord, they began a chaotic stampede, killing one another and knocking the battling demons and insects over in the process. Pestilentia swooped down amidst the anarchy to gather up her minions as the fires spread and the animals grew more crazed. Whereas the Necrodelic simply slashed the beasts to pieces whenever they came near him, and Hydraman kept them at bay with his headbutts, and Cerberus leapt onto their backs and broke their necks betwixt his black fangs, the insects, being more fragile and unaccustomed to fighting battles where they were outnumbered, were at a disadvantage. Pestilentia flew off with her minions safely inside the hive of her body. The Oneirophage dropped down as she took off into the skies, the giant scissors still protruding from her abdomen.
The Necrodelic, Oneirophage, Hydraman, and Cerberus spent the next several hours slaying virtually all of Elasvai's wildlife, then stood triumphant in the waning night over a massive battlefield of smoking, poisoned, perforated, broken, decapitated, artescerated, eviscerated, mutilated, and dismembered animal corpses. The carnage stretched for miles, from horizon to horizon. The stench of death was so enormous that it was visible, a black miasma rising like the mists of Erebus over the mass grave.
The Necrodelic and the Oneirophage used the glut of carcasses to satiate their addictions and heal the accretions of wounds they had suffered over the last several hours. Chariah walked among the dead like a funerary priest, breathing in the rising smoke of the immolated and cremated beasts as he traversed their ashes, inhaling the raw stuff of death which hung like a damp dark fog over the aceldama, using it to fuel his healing necromancies. His lacerations began to close, hermetically sealing themselves with neither scar nor suture. Broken and fractured bones did the same, and the rib stolen by the Oneirophage regenerated itself. Chariah restored and rebalanced his energies like the vampire and predator he was, a vampire who drank the blood of his victims in evaporated form rather than liquid, a predator who likewise devoured the flesh of his prey as gases rather than solids.
The Oneirophage likewise healed himself through the bounty of fresh corpses, plunging the Umbilicus into the skulls and faces of those who had not been destroyed by fire or excessive mutilation, those whose bodies remained intact enough for him to plunder their insides. Imbibing their final dreams and death-visions through the Umbilicus, the Oneirophage strode through the mass grave like a mortician, performing autopsies with his sorcerous straws until he had regained his strength and vigor and every lesion, puncture, bruise, and broken bone in his serpentine body had disappeared as though it had never existed.
As the first rays of dawn approached, the four demons gazed around, observing and enjoying the aesthetics of genocide. None of the exterminated animals would become the Jh'a'vyraa. Several more species were now extinct. The population of the universe had dwindled yet again, and the end of time drew inexorably nearer.
They walked amongst the fields of corpses for a time, before coming to the edge of a cliffside upon the steppes.
"What now, ophidian one?" asked the Necrodelic.
"I have long desired to visit the Hanging Gardens of aphrodisia," the Oneirophage responded.
"And I the Drug Topiary," spake the Necrodelic. "We should do so before the planet is destroyed."
"Farewell then, Necrodelic."
"Farewell, Oneirophage. When next we meet, it will be in battle."
The Oneirophage and Hydraman then headed south along the cliffside, while the Necrodelic and Cerberus walked north. As Dzandra rose and unveiled the yellow morn, the Oneirophage transformed into Morpheus Rex as he slithered along the ledge, his dark silhouette morphing from serpentine to hominid, so that he traversed the horizon on a cobra's tail one moment, and on two legs the next, with his nine-headed ally following behind. Chariah and his hellhound were black figures traveling in the opposite direction, indistinguishable from their shadows as they marched, the last vestiges of night in the bright light of the topaz dawn.

36

Chariah could taste magnetic fields and feel them pulling on the iron in his blood as he stood at the north pole of Elasvai. The raw magnetism raised the blood to the surface of his flesh and began to pull it through his pores in miniscule droplets, a woundless bloodletting. His long black hair crackled visibly and audibly with electricity, as though it were a nest of eels, or as if an incubating phoenix were about to burst from his brain in fiery rebirth, having used his skull for an egg like a parasite.
The entire sky was filled with aurora borealis, a scintillating display of gleaming blues, purples, pinks, golds, silvers, and sparkling whites, cataracting and fountaining in endless, evanescent formations. The curved wall before him was a similar phenomenon, an eternally transforming spectrum that flowed into itself, perhaps a reflection or refraction of the aurora borealis. Or, perhaps, the aurora borealis was a reflection of it. The radiant walls rose so high into the air that he couldn't tell where they ended and the skies began. He ran his clawed hand through the wall of pure psychedelia before him, the dripping amorphous mass of colors. His hand disappeared inside the strange substance which was both liquid and light, passing through it like the hand of a ghost or an astrosome. Inside he felt the heat of a womb, the spikes of an iron maiden, and the shape of a skull. He withdrew his fingers from the shimmering barrier, glancing around for some type of door or entrance. There was none.
Placing his left hand now into the curving, ephemeral walls, Chariah began to slowly circumnavigate the Drug Topiary's continuous rampart, which seemingly had neither origin nor terminus, ingress nor egress. As he walked, his hand floated through a myriad of sensations, both pleasure and pain, sometimes simultaneously. His hand disturbed nests of vipers, scorpions, and fetuses; passed through waterfalls, ocean spray, brooks, and ponds; submerged itself in witches' cauldrons, pools of boiling acid, and volcanoes brimming with hot lava. He passed his hand over decaying corpses and fornicating lovers; over freshly wet battlefields and mattresses; and through fire and the flaming river of Phlegethon to snow and the icy cold of river of Cocytus. He plunged his hand into the fanged mouths of creatures that wanted to devour him, the freshly spilled entrails of sacrificial victims, and the cold phalluses and vaginas of the dead. His hand tore gently through spiderwebs and placentas; slipped in and out of handcuffs, tourniquets, and gauntlets; was given swords, battle axes, maces, and morning stars; was severed completely and later returned; was immersed in pits full of writhing maggots and razor blades. His fingers were cocooned by butterflies, suckled by younglings, masturbated by Mother Chaos, tortured with thumbscrews, severed by guillotines, and bitten off by Satan. Finally, Chariah's hand passed over his own body, the exact form, shape, texture, and temperature of his flesh and musculature, and wherever he touched the tactile simulacrum within the psychedelic wall, his external flesh could feel the touch of his palms and fingertips, and he could see visible black handprints and small red scratches appear upon his body whenever he did so. 
Chariah had completely circumnavigated the psychedelic barrier and found no sign of entrance, because the entire wall itself was an entrance, something which he had been unable to previously perceive. Once imbued with this knowledge, Chariah stepped directly through the glimmering ramparts, and into the Drug Topiary.
Inside, the floors were comprised of the same psychedelic substance. He could sink into it like water, wade through it like quicksand, or walk over it like terra. Before him were towering topiaries of opium poppies, sculpted into demon and animal forms, copulating, giving birth, battling, meditating, and dying. As he began to feast upon opium and poppy seeds, the sculptures began speaking to him in mantras and languages he had never heard before, their mouths moving from inside the scenery.
Cerberus had followed his master through the psychedelic entrance, and had wandered to a pool of elixir, which he now lapped up from a transmorphing shore. Chariah knelt beside his familiar and cupped the elixir in his hands, then raised them to his lips. The elixir tasted like dew and sunlight and sugar all at once, and filled his body with a cleansing, purifying sensation, healing wounds that he didn't even have. In the center of the pool of elixir was a stone fountain forming the shape of a succubus, whose eyes wept the elixir, whose lips salivated the elixir, whose breasts lactated the elixir, and whose vagina menstruated the elixir.
Walking north, Chariah found himself alongside a river of black nepenthe. He drank some and was filled with liquid darkness, as though his entire body had been hollowed, drained, and filled with outer space. He crossed a bridge of frozen cocaine with skulls sculpted into it and came into a triangle of white sand, a desert of cocaine. He breathed his scorching breath atop its surface, creating a fine layer of black and inhaling the intoxicating stimulants, then dipping his claws into the glistening grains of coca and raising them to his nostrils, breathing in pounds of the numbing drug, his heartbeat accelerating with its effects. He walked through the white desert with Cerberus at his side, leaving two trails of footprints in the powdery cocaine.
The entities in the opium topiaries were beginning to move, some aging and dying. Chariah came to serpentine topiaries of ganja, wherein every species of serpent writhed and struck. Some spoke to him as he devoured their brethren. He could smell their venoms, even taste them on his tongue. He could hear them slithering and hissing, feel their snakeskin on his flesh. He suckled upon the hair of maternal gorgons, drinking their poisonous milks. Curving rivers of soma splashed the psychedelic shores. Chariah followed to where they intersected with a straight stream of red wine, and drank from it, as well. Where the rivers of soma and wine met in swirling roseate confluences was where both tasted the best, and had the strongest effects. Chariah gazed down the river, and saw fountains of elixir at both ends. He could still see himself drinking at the first one, his perception of time distorted so that he watched himself cupping the elixir in his hands as Cerberus lapped up the clear liquid beside him.
Heading south, Chariah followed the crimson river of wine to a triangular desert of powdered opium. He partook of the brown sands just as he had the cocaine, scorching its powdery top and breathing the smoke, then dipping his claws in it and inhaling it raw.
Chariah could feel the pull of Elasvai's magnetic field again, drawing the blood from his pores in small beads. Hemathidrosis had begun, as well, and his pupils were alternately dilating and constricting, sometimes synchronously, sometimes not. He walked through four sections of the Drug Topiary, each a near reflection o£ the others, the main difference being that two had straight rivers of nepenthe and two had wine, with the circular river of soma running through all, and two contained deserts of cocaine, while two possessed sands of opium.
The sculptures in the walls of ganja plants and opium poppies were different, of course, and he could see, hear, feel, taste, and smell all the characters in the scenery, and their stories. He was now sweating sperm along with blood, creating a pink mist and raining infinitesimal droplets of carnelian as he walked. There were four fountains of elixirs altogether. Whereas the first had been a succubus, the one across from it had been an incubus, ejaculating the elixir. The third had been a hermaphrodite, releasing alternating jetstreams of elixir from its twin genitals in mid-air. The fourth was asexual, an androgynous deity devoid of genitalia who spouted the elixirs from the crown of its bald head.
Now within the labyrinth, the Necrodelic entered a spiral maze of morning glory, belladonna, and lotus blossoms, in every imaginable shade and hue. As he journeyed through the spiral maze, there were also several plants and flowers which he had not formerly perceived as drugs, but when he ate them, or lit them and inhaled their perfumes, he discovered that they really were and always had been. From the tranquility of hyacinth to the sexual rush of roses, the battle-strengthening effects of Venus fly traps to the near-death experiences of asphodel, Chariah felt as though must have eaten one of every species of plant in existence within the last hour. 
Chariah made his slow, circular way toward the center of the gardens while sweating dreams and listening to far-off music. He ate white lotus and green lotus, and even the deadly black lotus which killed all but the most enlightened of demons. There was pink and purple and blue lotus too, and sweet berries full of psychoactive chemicals.
The spiral maze wound through the entire gardens, with rainbow bridges that parted the nepenthe rivers, soma rivers, and rivers of wine to the side as he passed. Gateways took him through the walls of ganja and opium, which along with the lotus were now coming alive at a frenzied pace, the demons and beasts carved into them now taking on their own colors and becoming more and more three-dimensional. Chariah spiraled toward the center of the Drug Topiary on a series of curving paths, until at last he came to its nexus.
The Tower of Panacea was a shimmering beam, whose light itself was a drug. Chariah stepped inside it, and it slipped over his body like a garment. Its heat was a drug too, seeping into his flesh. Now, the Necrodelic sweated his very soul. He realized that he had lost Cerberus somewhere within the gardens. The Tower of Panacea held him directly over the north pole of Elasvai. His long black hair began to raise and whip around him like a living entity. He could feel his entire circulatory system as clearly as he felt his face or hands, could feel the blood itself pumping through it, could even count each individual blood cell, if he so desired. He looked down and he could see all of his black inner organs. He watched the slow yogic breath of his lungs, the beating of his heart, the chemical production of his liver, the black sperm forming in his testicles, the electrical activity of his brain, and the dilations and constrictions of his crimson eyes as they gazed forth upon themselves and his exposed insides with psychedelic X-ray vision and drugged fascination. He could see all three layers of his essence now as well, could see beneath the physical flesh and organs to his astral body on its silver cord, and below and within that astral body his black and evil soul.
The Tower of Panacea drew the Necrodelic upwards now, upwards through its swirling spectrums, its harmonious music, its sensual heat and sexual light, high into the air, so high he had no idea how far he had traveled, sweating blood, sperm, dreams, and ectoplasm, until finally he found himself levitating over the entire Drug Topiary, spinning slowly in mid-air like a star, looking over the psychedelic labyrinth he had conquered.
He could see clearly now the ancient symbols in the Drug Topiary, which had magnified and elevated his spirit to its zenith, and which made the psychedelic gardens as deadly as they were mind-bending. The amorphous psychedelic wall was more of a vertical moat, although parapets and turrets rose, crested, and fell along its surface like the waves of an ocean. The four fountains of elixir corresponded with the four points of a compass within the ramparts, one west, one east, one south, and one north, and formed the shape of ankhs. The sculpted poppies formed a square wall within the circle, and inside them were the triangular deserts of cocaine and opium. The walls of ganja formed a diamond, intersecting with the walls of opium. The rivers of wine led from each fountain of elixir, converging at the very center of the topiary, just below the Tower of Panacea, and formed the shape of a crucifix. Half of those rivers were black with nepenthe, however, and these churning atramentous streams of psychological salves and memory repressors formed a swastika, branching off in all four quarters to form sable brooks that cut through the walls of opium poppies, watering, drugging, and eroding them simultaneously. The rivers of soma formed a pentagram, with the first level of the spiral maze of lotuses encircling it. The spiral maze curved inwards thirteen times, until reaching the Tower of Panacea, upon whose zenith Chariah now floated.
The Necrodelic gazed down and saw the corpses of those that had come before him, for pleasure, enlightenment, or both, and had died within the Drug Topiary. He observed their deaths, their accidents, overdoses, suicides, and murders, observed the processes by which their flesh and souls became the topiaries in the gardens. He located Cerberus, lapping up wine and growling at phantoms. He saw himself at every point he had traversed, a continuous black entity illuminating the path through the maze, Chariah after Chariah after Chariah, an infinity of Necrodelics. Chariah breathed in the serenity, and when he exhaled, the Drug Topiary underwent an incredible transformation. Every plant, every flower, every leaf were all lit by his pyromantic breath, but instead of bursting into flame, they kindled like hemp in a pipe.
 The garden began to move and each section began to raise up, like the pieces of a puzzle box, forming a tiered ziggurat with his soul at the top. The walls of opium and ganja multiplied into the thirteen stories of a sacred temple. The rivers of nepenthe, soma, and wine became waterfalls, flowing over the levels of hemp and opium gardens to the fountainous pools of elixir below. The deserts of opium and cocaine became pyramids, gigantic crystal monuments of purest white and deepest black. The spiral maze became a spiral stairway, winding upwards until it reached the top of the ziggurat, and energies of every color curved upwards as well, like a serpent uncoiling, the kundalini of the Drug Topiary, which caused Chariah's kundalini to rise up over his head and strike the universe like a cosmic cobra.
Chariah crossed his legs now and rested his palms upon his knees. His third eye fluttered open, and he watched as the entire Drug Topiary coursed and flowed with cycles of energy, waterfalls pouring down the sides of the ziggurat and being replenished by the towering fountains of elixir, the white and black pyramids sparking with electricity and raw power. He hovered in outer space, directly over the north pole of Elasvai, the aurora borealis splayed majestically beneath him. He had never felt so tranquil, so real, and he knew now that he must attain the Jh'a'vyraa not only to save his soul, not only to avoid eternal torment in Hell, but to experience this same nirvanic pleasure forever.
The Necrodelic's seven black chakras whirred as they spun in place, as he himself spun, meditating in mid-air, and then the black chakras began to spin out from their energy centers and into orbit around Chariah like seven planets, rotating on their axes while he spun at their center like a sun, radiant, effulgent, filled with gravity and power to illuminate and balance his solar system.
Mother Chaos flew to the Necrodelic then, for he had penetrated the astral plane with his physical body, and alighted on his lap, perfume mingling with smoke, damson lips kissing black. She embraced him around the neck with her arms and wrapped her thighs around his back, fluttering like a butterfly and lowering herself upright onto his rigid phallus, her lotus position entwined with his, and they made love in the yab-yum position atop the ziggurat, liquid purple flowing from her body and liquid darkness flowing from his, in yet more rivers down the pyramid, double helixes of shadow and light, growing wider and wider, swelling as though with flood, until their purple and black energy poured down the Drug Topiary in one continuous ocean, which was eternally returned to them by the fountains of elixir.
They made love beyond space and time, in one continuous orgasm that lasted for eons. Finally, after an infinity of nirvana, the Dark Orgasm came, blinding Chariah, cloaking his senses, spinning him in shadows through the voids and vacuums and abysses of the cosmos, and when he awoke once more outside the Drug Topiary, he had attained greater enlightenment and blacker evil, and new powers that would manifest themselves in the days to come, making him more demonic, more lethal, and more genocidal than ever before.

37

The Oneirophage, Hydraman, two gorgons, two lamias, and the corpse of the Constrictress rode inside the mouth of Serpentikal unto the south pole of Elasvai. Through the aurora astralis they soared, the prism palace Phantasmagorika catching the shooting beams of light in its own shimmering spectrum and creating brand new colors to burst from the night skies. Rainbows arcing all around, Serpentikal flew through kaleidoscopic tunnels and over iridescent bridges to the Hanging Gardens of Aphrodisia.
The saurian spaceship landed mere feet from the fabled gardens, and the seven demons descended Serpentikal's throat to emerge before it. The Hanging Garden of Aphrodisia was composed of tiers and terraces that rose beyond the limits of vision into the aurora astralis, within which it disappeared. Its outer walls were wrapped in vines bearing grapes of every color, some larger than their skulls, and from these dripping grapes was formed a moat of wine. They made their way onto the large lingham drawbridge, which protruded over the moat but reached only halfway across before abruptly terminating with a phallus tip that dripped wine from its urethra. The entrance to the Hanging Gardens of Aphrodisia was a gated yoni several feet above their heads, a constricted tunnel of labia too small for them to pass through even if they could reach it.
The reptiles strode and slithered to the edge of the bridge. The Oneirophage paused to produce the Umbilicus from the sheath of flesh in his right wrist, twirling his fingers until it appeared. He blew into the Umbilicus to elongate it, then began to sip the purple wine from the moat. Imbibing heavily of the intoxicating liquid, the Oneirophage found his body grow not only warm, but hot, as though with fever. His two penises immediately hardened into erections. The wine had an instant aphrodisiac effect, and the Oneirophage passed the Umbilicus to Hydraman, in whose claws the sorcerous straw apparatus multiplied itself ninefold, allowing him to simultaneously partake of the sweet alcoholic elixir with every dragonhead. When he had had his fill, Hydraman passed the Umbilicus to the gorgons and the lamias, who then partook of the wine themselves.
Moments later, the six of them were inebriated and suffused with sexual cravings, entangled in a twisted mass which included the preserved cadaver of the Constrictress, as well. As they writhed in a snakepit of orgy, the lingham drawbridge began to lengthen and rise into the air. As the orgy intensified, the phallic bridge raised them to the yoni gateway high above, which itself had dilated with arousal. The large phallus began to ejaculate wine, splattering the vined walls and trellises before it, then plunged coitally into the zenithal vagina, and as orgasms were achieved, the serpent brood was delivered to the entrance of the gardens.
They rode the lingham drawbridge high into the air, and then passed through the irising labial entrance and into the Hanging Gardens of Aphrodisia. Once within, they paused to admire the towering tesserations and ubiquitous flora, picking grapes from the vines along the walls that were every bit as potent as the wines they produced. Giant fronds and ferns overlooked high terraces, while flowers, berries, and fruits bloomed on plants and vines that hung down from every ceiling like the tresses of a fertility demoness. The air was filled with clouds of pollen, visible masses that were inhaled by the thousands and which, like everything else within the Hanging Gardens of Aphrodisia, aroused the lust of those who breathed them. The Oneirophage, Hydraman, and their gorgon and lamia consorts devoured everything in their paths, from grasses and flowers to berries and fruits to seeds and spores, engaging in frequent orgies as they made their way up stairways which ascended alongside the rivers and cataracts of red and purple wine, as well as streams of amber honey, which dripped from the pleasure hives of incubus bees and their succubus queens.
After partaking of the aphrodisiac honey, they were compelled to enter one of the pleasure hives. Inside were pools full of honey and walls lined with shackles and whips. The Oneirophage and Hydraman bound the five females to the hive walls, then proceeded to flay them with the whips provided by the sex slaves of the queen bee. The Oneirophage then raped a lamia while Hydraman raped a gorgon, then the Oneirophage raped a gorgon while Hydraman raped a lamia, then both raped the corpse of the Constrictress simultaneously. Later, the Oneirophage took his turn in the chains and cuffs, simultaneously flogged by gorgons, lamias, and Hydraman alike.  
After departing the pleasure hive, they made their way through tiers and terraces to a field of dandelions, whose spores were grains of cocaine, driplets of opium, and perfumed pleasuredust. The Oneirophage sodomized Hydraman while Hydraman performed cunnilingus simultaneously upon the gorgons, the lamias, and the deceased Constrictress with five of his dragon mouths. A gorgon and lamia performed fellacio upon the Oneirophage's twin tattooed penises while Hydraman sodomized the dream eater, and the other gorgon and lamia writhed in a lesbian mating ball nearby. The Oneirophage plunged both his penises into the Constrictress' vagina. After the dream-eater had withdrawn himself from her corpse, Hydraman took his place. The Oneirophage then proceeded to make love to a gorgon and a lamia, simultaneously, with his twin penises. The pollen, cocaine, opium, and pleasuredust swirled around them in larger and thicker clouds as aphrodisiac dandelions disintegrated beneath their bodies and thrashing limbs, penetrating their skin and orifices and intensifying both lust and orgasm.
They finally made their way to the upper terraces, where silkworms wove lingerie for the females, corsettes that raised their swollen breasts and covered their bodies in lace while binding their hands and feet submissively. The gorgons' serpent hair rose straight up from their scalps in individual black negligees like sexual headdresses, releasing more of their venomous pheromones into the air and tantalizing the Oneirophage and Hydraman. In the middle of the topmost terrace, the zenith of the Hanging Gardens of Aphrodisia, was a raised dais with the ancient sexual yin-yang sigil drawn in its center. Upon this dais, within this sigil, the orgy continued, serpentine limbs, tongues, hair, and phalluses entangled like a Gordian knot of leviathans' tentacles, melting the silk wrappings adorning the gorgons and lamias with a combination of heat and friction.
Throughout alternating rings of analingus and oral sex, the stone dais began to shift and rise into the air. The sound of grinding stones was loud throughout the entire gardens as tantric energies seeped into the sorcerous sigil. As all seven, including the dead Constrictress, were joined and psychically bonded in multiple simultaneous orgasms, the yin-yang sigil began to glow, and the ancient gravitronic mechanism was activated. The entire Hanging Gardens of Aphrodisia rotated within itself like a puzzle box, turning upside-down while it reversed its own polarities and gravities until it hung from the underbelly of Elasvai into outer space, freed of the South Pole and the planet's magnetic field by the tantric energies and metamorphosing into a garden which truly did hang, dangling out over the universe.
The zenith of the Hanging Gardens of Aphrodisia had become its nadir. Flowers, vines, fronds, and trees were all turned upside-down and wavered in the pull of outer space. A hail of twigs and blossoms fell into the starlit cosmos below. The Oneirophage wrapped the corpse of the Constrictress around the branch of a weeping willow, his other hand twining itself with a knot of inkvine, as the vacuum of space threatened to suck him into its void. The mouths of a lamia and gorgon remained clenched around his phalluses, hanging on for life. Their weight and desperate movements not only inhibited his ability to climb back to safety, but like drowning victims, threatened to pull him down along with them.
The serpentine lower body of the lamia thrashed as she choked on his sperm, his venomous semen filling her lungs and throat and lubricating her mouth until she began to lose her grip and dug her fangs into the tattooed flesh of the Oneirophage's genitals. This brought the Oneirophage to orgasm, one which he suffused with his sorcery and discharged like a powerful pneuma. The force of his ejaculation blasted the damned lamia, screaming and writhing, into outer space.
The gorgon desperately held onto his upper penis, clutching and scrabbling at his scales while her legs frantically kicked at the void. Finally, her violent thrashing caused the scales of the Oneirophage's phallus to dislodge, and then the dream-eater performed a sudden ecdysis to free himself from her extra weight, sloughing off his topmost phallus' layer of integument and sending the gorgon to her doom with an empty snakeskin in her deathgrip, her serpent-hair flailing as she fell and dwindled from sight.
Hydraman, facing similar jeopardy, had held on by biting the branches and vines above, unhinging his jaws like those of boa constrictors, and clenching his mouths around them, so that he dangled by his nine dragonheads, suspended in space. A lamia upon whom he had been performing cunnilingus now hung upside-down from his central head, her thighs wrapped tightly around his neck like a sexual strangler. A gorgon also continued to perform fellacio upon him, while they hung as though from a sadomasochistic gallows. For several minutes, the trio remained intertwined, Hydraman trying to climb his way back up into the gardens, until a shower of pink lotus poured over them, stimulating Hydraman unto further heights of aphrodisia. Like the Oneirophage, he gathered and focused the energies of his body and unleashed them in an orgasm so strong that the ejaculation of his sperm blew the gorgon several feet into space, blasting her into the distance to flail helplessly while being sucked away by the cosmos.
The lamia, meanwhile, had slid all the way down to the candelabra-like base of Hydraman's nine necks and hung upside-down against his torso. As Hydraman struggled to climb to safety, her grip became more and more tenuous, until her thighs slipped from around his central throat. The lamia did a quick flip in mid-air and caught onto Hydraman's member with her fanged mouth to prevent herself from plummeting into the waiting cosmos. An instant later, however, she did exactly that, as  Hydraman discharged his phallus to rid himself of her excess weight just like a lizard would its tail. She fell with his detached genitalia in her mouth, watching Hydraman regrow a new penis even as she was whisked away with his old one clenched between her jaws.
The Oneirophage made his way back to the sigil by climbing the vines, using the corpse of the Constrictress like a grapnel at times, with Hydraman following. Both pressed on the sigil while they dangled precariously, but could not reverse its effects on the gravity of the Hanging Gardens of Aphrodisia. As showers of leaves and flower petals poured down around them, the Oneirophage emitted an ultrasonic hiss. Moments later, the Metasaur was beneath him, and he dropped into the waiting mouth of his figurehead, Serpentikal, still carrying the embalmed Constrictress with him. Hydraman released his nine mouths from the various branches, vines, and fronds that he had clamped onto and fell into the Serpentopolis, where he quickly took refuge inside the coiling labyrinthine city.
As Serpentikal turned his gargantuan head and flew the living spaceship back toward the surface of Elasvai, the gravity in the Hanging Gardens of Aphrodisia returned to normal. For a moment it hung suspended from the south pole of the garden planet like the green entrails of a fertility demon's underbelly, an upside-down jungle, a true hanging garden, then reversed itself with a grinding of stone and a rearrangement of tiers and terraces, until all was as it had been before the rites of serpentine perversion had been performed within its walls.

38

With oneiromantic voodoo the Constrictress was resurrected. From her sepulchral serpentarium, a large transparent glass tank filled with cold embalming fluids, in which she floated as though on display in a menagerie of dead animals, the Oneirophage had extracted her cadaver and revived it with his dark sorceries. Preserved since her death on Grystiawa in ophidian formaldehyde-a melange of caustic venoms from acid-spewing cobras and wine distilled from the blood of gorgons, mixed together and then oxidized with the final breaths of dying dipsas-the Constrictress had neither decayed nor decomposed since her demise.
The Oneirophage removed the Constrictress from her incubative sarcophagus, carefully lowered her limp form to the prism floor of the chamber, and began performing ancient rites of revivification upon her corpse. He placed her in a pentagram drawn with the freshly spilled blood of sacrificial boa constrictors, then called her soul back to her body with arcane and sibilant chantings, all the while shaking dead rattlesnakes in each of his hands. With interdimensional hypnotic suggestions and the power of his dream-fueled sorceries, the Oneirophage summoned the spirit of the Constrictress back to her flesh. The Oneirophage then used the Umbilicus to resuscitate the ophidian virago, blowing the breath of life back into her lungs with rhythmic pneumas. Her heart restarted in her chest, her green eyelids fluttered open, and the Oneirophage had raised the dead. 
He took his zombie lover to a tryst in Candiru Falls. The crepitus of the Constrictress' broken bones scraped the air as the Oneirophage led her across the verdant, blooming planet. Sculpted by the Necrodelic into a giant, living pentagram, the Oneirophage had unfolded her corpse and rearranged her internally dismembered skeleton into its original form before preserving it, but the embalming fluid was neither a curative nor a remedy, and thus her bones remained as they had been in the moment of her demise: cracked, splintered, and sundered.
The undead Constrictress, however, was capable of perceiving only a modicum of the physical suffering she would have if fully alive, and she seemed apathetic towards the pain which she did experience. The Oneirophage led her like a child and a familiar to the waterfalls, where azure pools shimmered beneath the moonlight like open eyes. Within the cascading cataracts could be seen the tiny, slender forms of the black catfish, plummeting with the surging waters to the pond below, which was teeming with their quill-like silhouettes.
The Oneirophage waded into the swarming lagoon. The candiru shot like magnets through the currents once the Oneirophage and the Constrictress were waist-deep within the water. The stiletto-like catfish swam directly into their genitals, painfully lodging themselves like intravenous needles in their urethras. Once inside, they clamped their fangs down upon the tender flesh therein and there they remained, drinking blood like larvae.
The twin penises of the serpentine Oneirophage hardened and grew swollen with erection, leaking tiny trickles of crimson from their zeniths. The pain invigorated the masochistic dream-eater. The Constrictress found herself with a wombful of the wriggling bloodsuckers, biting and attaching to her vaginal walls and membranes, swimming inside and drinking her blood from within. When there was no more room for the candiru, they dangled from betwixt her labia her like a mass of slender black tentacles.
The Oneirophage embraced the Constrictress, uncoiled her elongated arms and wrapped them around his body as though he were a living caduceus staff. He slipped his first penis, turgid with parasites as well as sex, its tip red with irritation, into his undead boa constrictor lover. His phallus plunged through the candirus and, with genitals infested by the acicular, piscid vampires, the Oneirophage and the Constrictress made love. The Oneirophage used his second penis to sodomize the Constrictress before shoving it into her crowded womb alongside its twin. Ejaculation was difficult due to the candiru, sometimes retrograde, turning back into his body and splashing his bladder and innards. Blood flowed from their joined sexes as they made love, tingeing the ponds of Candiru Falls with scarlet, and attracting hordes of the thirsty fish in feeding frenzies around their bodies.
The Oneirophage twirled the Umbilicus from its sheath in his wrist and impaled the Constrictress through the forehead with its tip. As they made love, he suckled upon her dreams, preserved within her brain as surely as her flesh had been preserved within the ophidian formaldehyde. The Oneirophage drank flashbacks of that fateful battle on Grystiawa, reminiscing about his home planet and the glorious war that had led to its destruction. He imbibed glimpses of Hell as well, where the Constrictress was tied to four torture racks at once and stretched for eons, until her arms, tail, and head were thinner than the candiru which infested her flesh. He devoured more dreams through the straw, and saw Satan looking on through flames as the Constrictress was forced to crush herself in her own coils. Satan laughed as he watched, making eye contact through the dimensions as he voyeuristically watched his dream-eating, serpentine progeny. The Oneirophage wilted from that incandescent and terrible eye contact and withdrew the straw from the Constrictress' skull, returning it to the small slit in his forearm before refocusing all of his energies upon his zombie lover.
As midnight crested through the starlit skies above, the Oneirophage expelled the candiru from his tattooed penises, the replicas of Satan and serpent which covered them expectorating the slender parasites from their mouths while the Constrictress performed fellacio upon him, her boa constrictor jaws unhinging to encompass his genitalia the same way they would to swallow a large piece of prey, so that they could accommodate the Oneirophage's twin phalluses simultaneously. She swallowed the candiru along with the Oneirophage's powerful jetstream of ophidian seed mere moments before the voodoo spell that had been cast upon her corpse dissipated. Her soul returned once more to the realms of the dead, leaving behind a cadaver with a belly full of water and live candiru, swimming around inside her stomach sac as if it were an aquarium.
Moments later, the Oneirophage sucked all the candirus from the pond into his Darkprism, then dragged the carcass of the Constrictress from the waters by the tail, to the shores of Candiru Falls and through the flowerbeds and gardens and jungles, like vanquished prey from a successful hunt, back to his waiting spaceship and passed through the body of Serpentikal to the Serpentopolis within. The eyes of the giant figurehead glared down angrily upon its master as he approached, bearing the violated corpse of its soulmate into its underbelly and passing through the gates of scales and flesh therein. Serpentikal continued to glower unseen as he was commanded to rise from the ground and launch into the skies, his eyeballs two clenched fists of wrath in their sockets as he obediently soared through the night.

39

Drelrei and Junisia had retreated to the sanctuary of their birthplace, the Fiendfarms, within whose palatial laboratories and abattoirs the crippled lovers hid themselves in shame and agony, humiliated and sundered into bloody halves by the Necrodelic and the Oneirophage. Isolated therein for several days, Drelrei and Junisia comforted one another with tantric sex and post-coital plots of vengeance, as well as pornographically sculpted pipes full of opium and similarly engraved chalices of nepenthe. For the first time in years, they made love as two entities, each feeling the unbearable pangs of separation in their souls as well as their bodies, druglike withdrawal symptoms and addictive cravings for conjoinment racking their flesh like illness and poison. Weakened and feverish, sweating, shaking, vomiting, and hallucinating, their bodies covered in oozing sores and trembling with violent paroxysms, Drelrei and Junisia needed each other like vampires needed blood, like shamans needed psilocybin and peyote. Addicted to one another, the soulmates were one another's ambrosia, panacea, aphrodisiac, intoxicant, analgesic, stimulant, depressant, and psychedelic all at once. Drelrei and Junisia were one another's medicine, one another's cure for the anguish of existence, the torment of the universe, and their tantric demonic powers were dependent upon their spiritual oneness and the conjoinment of their flesh as Siamese twins as surely as the Necrodelic depended upon the flesh he smoked and the Oneirophage depended upon the dreams he devoured.
They healed themselves with tantric rituals and medicinal herbs from their fields of crops and greenhouse gardens, until they were strong enough to once again perform the sacred ceremony of conjoinment. In a rooftop garden looking out over labyrinthine rows of crops and menageries of mutants, high atop the Stormtower, at the zenith of the Fiendfarms, directly beneath the noontime topaz sun, Drelrei and Junisia assembled the necessary instruments, chemicals, and sacrificial victims for their ritual. They lay down in the center of the circle of the ancient sigil, the male and female, yin and yang, sexual mandala carved into the rooftop stone and painted crimson and black with blood and liquified death. The soulmates were encircled by the boundaries of the rune and an array of surgical tools, vials, jars, drugs, and drug paraphernalia. Living sacrificial Siamese twin demons surrounded them, joined permanently together in the sexual manifestation of yin and yang, the penises of males sewn, nailed, stapled, welded, and fused to the mouths of females in hermetically sealed fellacio, and the vaginas of those same females likewise surgically bound by the mouths of their male mates in unbreakable cunnilingus. Sexually conjoined offerings of fertility, the tantric sacrifices lay half-within and half-without the circle, forming crosses and crucifixes as they did so, which created natural wards and amplifications of sorcerous energies.
Drelrei and Junisia filled the womb-bowl of their double pipe with squirming, yellow masses of maggots that sometimes spilled from the rim and plummeted to the ground below. With one simultaneous exhalation, Drelrei and Junisia triggered the automatic lighting mechanism of the pornographic pipe, kindling the living, writhing maggots within. The maggots burned and melted, and Drelrei and Junisia inhaled their putrid smoke, breathing their essence, tasting decay and hot maggot-flesh on their tongues. The tantric demons began drifting into an altered state of consciousness as they smoked the maggots, becoming more aware, more powerful, and more real as they incinerated the acrid larvae.
Pestilentia was attracted by the rotting stench of the burning maggots and the excremental-tasting breath of Drelrei and Junisia as they exhaled the putrescent smoke. The Empress of Insects came bearing gifts of opium and royal jelly in her womb, hovering over the two demons as they copulated upon the glowing sigil. Drelrei and Junisia injected themselves with syringes full of maggots as they fornicated, jabbing the needles into their arms, thighs, jugular veins, carotid arteries, and urethras. When the maggots had all been squeezed into their circulatory systems, large fire ants, like beasts of burden, bore the jars of opium and royal jelly from Pestilentia's vagina, down her legs to the ground, and deposited them around the Tantradox. Wasp demons flew from her mouth and vagina with more jars, offerings of sacrificial insects. Several minutes later, Pestilentia called her minions unto her flesh, chirping and buzzing a complicated insect blessing over the ritual, and then, as quickly as she had arrived, the Empress of Insects whirred away on dragonfly wings and was gone.
Drelrei and Junisia drank the royal jelly, then smoked opium, ate opium, and injected opium into one another's genitals, she into his large crimson urethra, and he between her hundred blossoming labia and up into her womb like a drug-filled dildo. The demon lovers traded the syringe back and forth, successively shooting the psychedelic analgesic into all ten of Drelrei's swollen testicles and all ten of Junisia's resonating clitorises. Their pain was assuaged, their ordeal reconciled, and the two lovers copulated within the circle once more, then continued the ceremony. They smoked butterflies for their powers of metamorphosis and rebirth, earthworms and slugs for their hermaphroditic energies, and silkworms for their binding unguents. Slowly, with large needles and long ropes of hemp, the Tantradox sewed itself back together. They drenched their flesh in the viscous slime of snails, the milk of aphids enslaved to colonies of ants, the honey of bees, the mucus of copulating earthworms, and the egg sacs and sperm packets of ticks, mites, and hundreds of other species that mated asexually, binding their flesh with the gelid, sticky, semi-liquid agglutinations of the tiny sacrificial victims. 
Once rejoined, the Siamese twin Tantradox made love one final time. Immediately afterwards, in a sorcerously charged state of post-coital enlightenment, Junisia swallowed a pod containing two seeds, one dark green, the other pitch black. Encoded within those spore-laden, genetimantically ensorcelled seeds were the Tantradox' secret battle plans.
 The Tantradox descended from the roof of the Stormtower, through the upper terraces of the Fiendfarms, and into one of their laboratories, where a red-hot forge sizzled between two surgical tables and cast flickers of crimson light upon shelves of vials, instruments, and preserved body parts. The Tantradox smoked fireflies, will-o-the-wisps, and electric eels from pornographic hookahs, and then began to mold large pieces of iron upon the incandescent forge with a glowing hammer and tongs. For hours, the Tantradox labored, chanting and casting tantric spells all the while. Sacrificial animals were reeled in from the abattoirs on giant meathooks. The meathooks were all interconnected by an elaborate series of chains and pulleys, and traveled along a labyrinth of grooves carved into the ceilings, a labyrinth of grooves that stretched throughout the entire fortress. The hanging beasts were eviscerated as they dangled over the forge, their entrails dropping onto the hot iron and burning like gargantuan cigarettes, hissing like snakes and whipping about like unrestrained hoses before melting and disintegrating. Some of the animals were cut down from the hooks and burned alive, their blood and sizzling gore smoldering and dissipating until they were at one with the glowing iron. All the while, the Tantradox continued to hammer away at the slabs of iron.
Many hours later, the Tantradox held two new weapons in its hands: a large broadsword and a small iron maiden. Drelrei hefted the black hilt of the newborn sword in his cloven hands, then tested its crimson blade upon Siamese twin manticores that had been hauled in from a nearby abattoir. Drelrei raised the broadsword over his head and with one blow sundered the Siamese twin manticores.
The manticores fell to the ground as two creatures, freed at last from the surgeries committed upon their flesh by the Tantradox. The manticores bled and crawled around, then circled the Tantradox from either side, stalking their tormentor. Drelrei split the manticores again, one vertically from skull to tail, the other at the midpoint of its spine. All four halves remained alive, twitching and spasming. The Drelrei hacked at the mutilated manticores again and again, until sixty-four bloody pieces were quivering upon the laboratory floors. When the manticores finally died, their souls went to Hell in sixty-four pieces, sundered yet surviving separately, like dissected earthworms. A wicked smile spread across the faces of Drelrei and Junisia. The Soul Cleaver had been forged, and now the Necrodelic and the Oneirophage would know the anguish of being separated and divided from one's own self, of being mutilated to the point where one lost all sense of identity, and they would spend the eternity of Hell in faceless, unrecognizable, tortured spiritual anonymity. Their eons of  evolution would be reversed, and they would devolve from demons into beasts, beasts into invertebrates, invertebrates into viruses, viruses into microorganisms. They would know the torment which the Tantradox had suffered at their hands a thousandfold. Their spirits, like those of the manticores, would be sent to Hell in fragments and morsels, bloody pieces of microscopic meat, thus multiplying their damnations exponentially. Their suffering would become the new mythology, the mythology of post-eschatological Hell.
The Tantradox turned its attention to the still-smoking iron maiden, a red and black rectangle of torture, like twin beds of nails on hinges. Drelrei placed himself against its right monolith of crimson spikes, Junisia upon its left. Slowly, the incandescent iron maiden closed around them, until they were face to face. Its scorching spikes penetrated their scaled backs and dinosaur tails, and its hot metal stuck to their carnelian skin. The Tantradox folded itself together like a butterfly, the iron maiden squeezing them closer and closer until their black nipples touched, their tongues entered each other's mouths, and Drelrei's enormous phallus penetrated Junisia's vast vagina. The iron maiden fell over, half-closed, half-open, and within its broiling, impaling confines, the Tantradox made love, the freshly sewn-together flesh between their shoulders, chests, abdomens, hips, and legs fusing, welding, cauterizing, and hermetically sealing itself together again, even more strongly than before, in the scorching heat of the device. The spikes tore puncture wounds in their backs as they thrust against one another, pain and pleasure joining into one Siamese twin entity in their conjoined bodies, and culminating in a simultaneous orgasm that was at once both unbearable ecstasy and excruciating torment, nirvana and Hell in a double helix of light and darkness, sex and death, that possessed Drelrei's phallus like angry ghosts and their poltergeists, ejaculating fire and ice, attacking Junisia's womb like a rabid demon from within.
 An hour later the ensorcelled iron maiden swung back open, like the brimstone gates of Hell. Drelrei and Junisia stepped from its steaming crimson confines, their skin sticking to the hot red spikes in black gelid masses of oozing flesh, their genitals dripping with scorched sperm and semen. Drelrei held the Soul Cleaver aloft in his cloven hand, while Junisia closed the Handheld Iron Maiden with her own, gripping its still-cooling sable exterior by a handle betwixt its hinges
Thusly armed and reborn, their love renewed, their identity regained, the Tantradox was prepared for one ultimate battle with the Necrodelic and the Oneirophage, one final crusade for vengeance and victory, one more armageddon in the seemingly endless procession of armageddons in the apocalyptic demon war, with eternal damnation hanging in the balance and the Jh'a'vyraa the lone prize.

40

Atop the Stormtower of the Fiendfarms, as clouds began massing in the skies, attached to a giant crane by a hook buried deep in Junisia's womb, the Tantradox performed an elaborate fertility rite and birthing ritual. Junisia swallowed mouthful after mouthful of eelworms, forcing them whole into her throat and stomach, then smoked writhing piles of them from pornographically sculpted bongs, which were filled not with water but with hot bubbling sperm or boiling amniotic fluid. Meanwhile, Drelrei filled and refilled several syringes with the squirming parasites, injecting them into his Siamese twin lover's genitals and visibly bloating, impregnated abdomen. Junisia's womb was turgid and bulbous with both an infestation of eelworms and a gigantic, gestating embryo. The ceremony of tantric sorcery had commenced.
Junisia began to feel the effects of the eelworms. The vaginas of the crawling parasites were located in the center of their bodies, like the nucleus of an atom, the fulcrum of a torture device, or the sun of a solar system. Their flesh, their entire bodies, their organs, systems, and lives, all revolved around their vaginas, for it was these which were the source of their mysterious, sexual powers. Now, having gorged herself upon the creatures and ingesting them with a ritualistic trinity of possession, Junisia had obtained those powers for herself and for her conjoined mate. The Tantradox now possessed the black magic of the eelworm, the tantric sorcery of the eelworm, and would forevermore be part eelworm in flesh, mind, and soul.
With the instincts of an eelworm, with eelworms in her guts and dripping from her every orifice, with eelworms for familiars and eelworms for her shamanic animal-guides, Junisia began to grow her vagina larger. As the birthing contractions became stronger, Junisia's vagina visibly expanded, pushing her thighs further and further apart and billowing over her abdomen. Like an eelworm, Junisia's vagina was now her body's nucleus, her flesh's fulcrum, her spirit's star. Her vagina engulfed her reproductive system, growing in size until it dwarfed the entire body of the Tantradox. Her vagina distended and seemingly detached itself from her flesh, being borne away on the gargantuan curving mass of her womb.
The adamantium crane that had been erected atop the Stormtower lowered its hook. The hook buried itself deep in Junisia's vagina and lifted the Tantradox into the air. It swiveled and extended and swung the Tantradox over the rooftops of the Fiendfarms, then came to a halt, dangling the incubus and succubus gemini like demonic bait. Below, Drelrei and Junisia observed the artificial lake which they had built atop their citadel, its waters still and tranquil beneath the cloudy skies.
Junisia's womb continued to swell like an air bladder until its size rivaled the Fiendfarms themselves. A giant green fetus squirmed within, already larger than its parents, but eclipsed by its own birth-prison. Junisia's vagina had become a cavernous maw, an abyss dwarfing the meathook that had been driven between her labia and shoved deep inside like a sadomasochistic dildo.  Junisia was an eelworm demoness, an eelworm demiurge, being dominated by her own sexual organs, her ballooning womb growing as rapidly as plague, as large as a rotunda or basilica, and then as massive as an amphitheater or a colosseum, before finally reaching a size large enough to accommodate the birthing mass of the leviathan mutant the Tantradox had programmed into its own genes. 
Various slaves in the Tantradox' dominion, Siamese twin beasts and demons, wearing a myriad of spiked-leather harnesses, saddles, yokes, straitjackets, and other such bondage devices, some leading others on leashes and studded collars, attended to their master and mistress like midwives and wet nurses, walking in single file along the arete of the crane's arm to reach them, scrabbling over the gigantic womb itself, or being raised from the sides of the Fiendfarms on circular platforms adorned with yin-yang symbols. They brought the Tantradox more eelworms and anesthetics, chalices of liquid anodyne, and hookahs and syringes full of opium.
With tricklings of blood and amniotic fluid running down its curved sides, the giant womb lurched and spasmed, the embryo inside rapidly and visibly becoming a fetus, the entire incubation process taking place in mere minutes. When all was ready, the creatures attending their pregnant mistress maneuvered the arm of the crane so that Junisia's swollen, hundredfold labia hung loosely over the lake constructed atop the Fiendfarms. The eelworm transformation of Junisia's womb and vagina, complete with miniscule Tantradox dangling like a cilia from its bulbous spherical mass, just like eelworm mothers hung by a small thread from their own disproportionate wombs, had been executed to tantric perfection. Junisia's eelworm vagina had a will of its own now, and was able to deliver the monstrous spawn without prodding.
The giant green head of a kraken emerged from betwixt Junisia's dripping labia, the skull of a leviathan too colossal to be birthed by the vagina of a normal-sized beast or demon, which was the reason the Tantradox had performed the tantric eelworm ceremony. The kraken burst free in an explosion of placenta, amnion, and blood, and where the back of its skull should have been there was another face, identical to the one in front. As the birthing contractions continued, the conjoined nature of the krakens was slowly revealed, an exact replica of itself front and back, Siamese twin leviathans fused at the spine, a horrific Janus-monstrosity of hideous symmetry.
The Tantradox watched the birth through the translucent membranes of its womb, still dangling like a cilia from the sealed-in vagina. Hanging by the crotch, the Tantradox looked on as the Janus Kraken was deposited into the lake atop the Fiendfarms with a thunderous splash, and then sank beneath the depths in a roseate swirl of bubbles, blood, and afterbirth.
The Janus Kraken had been successfully bred and birthed, but the purpose of the giant eelworm womb was only half-fulfilled. The Tantradox now began eating, smoking, and injecting earthworms and nightworms flown to them by conjoined harpies, as well as the eggs of vultures, hawks, eagles, archaeopteryxes, phoenixes, rocs, and cockatrices, brought to them by their Siamese twin slaves which walked the arm of the crane in a solemn procession, descended its long hook, and delivered their offerings to their overlords before being taken away on the rising circular platforms. The harpies sacrificed their own eggs and newborn children to the Tantradox as well. Drelrei and Junisia ingested the sacrifices, all the while singing and chanting in the ancient language of birds and avian demons. After several hours of ingesting earthworms, nightworms, and the eggs of myriad species in every stage of development and decay, a colossal black form appeared within the gigantic womb like a shadow. The summoning was complete. The avian fertility demoness had arrived.
Immense wings beat, and three gigantic beaks tore through the membrane of the Tantradox' swollen womb as though it were an egg. The gibbous vagina exploded causing eelworms and gore to rain across the entire Fiendfarms and leaving the Tantradox hanging from the hooked crane by its original womb, which was now shrinking back to its normal size. Junisia was reeled back into her vagina by the crotch, which gradually reattached itself and healed. Meanwhile, the Siamese twin incubus and succubus beheld the Geryon Baal'Striga hovering above, the three-headed thunderbird which they had called forth from its infernal nest upon a darker world.
The Geryon Baal'Striga was as tall as the Fiendfarms, larger than the largest roc and blacker than the blackest crow. Her heads were the heads of giant vultures, with jaundiced and truculent eyes to match. Below those perspicacious and terrible eyes were three fanged beaks, each of which eternally masticated upon things morbid and macabre. The first beak chewed on severed penises, the bloody members dangling from its mouth like earthworms from a lesser bird, plucked from unwilling victims to be ruminated in her hideous maw. The second and central head chewed upon a pile of its own eggs, murdering its own children as they developed with the cold calculation of a cannibalistic mother. The third used its beak to devour both its own young and the young of others, from the newborn, blind, wet squawking hatchlings she pulled from her own womb to the embryos and fetuses she pulled from the wombs of her victims in the night, to the infants and children stolen from cradles, papooses, nests, and dens beneath the obfuscations of nocturnal darkness. Upon the three-headed thunderbird's chest was a cascade of beaked teats and nests like the pouches of marsupials. The nests were full of embryoes, fetuses, and newborns of all species, patterned as such that below each feathered breast was a nest, and the nests themselves rested in the cleavage of two other breasts, one to each side. There were hundreds of these black teats, each with a small beak upon its nipple that drizzled regurgitated blood and severed penises into the waiting mouths of a nestful of brood just below. Her vagina was huge and emitted the rotten smell of carrion, and it was said that everyone of her dark feathers had been plucked from a different lover at the precise instant of his demise, thus turning black with the energy of death, and then stuck like needles and stiletto blades into her own flesh. Her feet were the feet of vultures with the hooked claws of harpies, and each talon was capable of prehensile feats as well as evisceration. Of all these hideous aspects, however, it was the wings of the avian fertility demoness which were the most awesome, and it was these that the Tantradox coveted. Their wing-span measured hundreds of feet, and the pinions themselves were as durable as adamantium, capable of beating billions of times per second and thus enabling the three-headed thunderbird to soar through the universe at speeds much faster than light.
The Tantradox rode the crane back to the Stormtower, alighted upon its circular rooftop, and removed the hook from its womb with a spattering of blood. Junisia picked eelworms from her pubic hair and vagina while, overhead, the clouds continued to amass and then began to roil. Immediately after the crane deposited its passengers safely atop the Stormtower, it turned abruptly and sank its hook deep into the belly of the three-headed thunderbird. As the avian monstrosity struggled to free itself, the Tantradox descended into the depths of the Stormtower's control chambers. Moments later, a barrage of thunderbolts from the clouds above struck the three-headed thunderbird's body with terrible voltage, paralyzing and incapacitating the gargantuan flying succubus. The crane then spun the three-headed thunderbird's limp body around in mid-air so that its back faced the Stormtower. The Tantradox reemerged upon the Stormtower roof with twelve lengths of adamantium chains slung over its shoulders. Each chain was equipped with hooks and barbs the size of broadswords, and had been dipped in hot bituminous unguents. The Tantradox swung the chains over their heads and then, one by one, released them to fly like missiles through the air. They sank into the flesh of the avian fertility demoness at different points, one in the back of her head, one in each temple, one between skull and spine, two in the upper back, one in the middlemost vertebra, two in the lower back, one in the coccyx, and two in the tail. The sword-sized hooks and barbs lodged and anchored themselves deep inside her muscles and bones, and the scalding unguents fused adamantium and living tissue together into one inseparable, unbreakable mass. Drelrei and Junisia then threw the opposite ends of the chains, which were tipped with grapnels, into tiny holes bored into the underside of the crane's arm, where they stuck fast, holding the Geryon Baal'Striga captive.
The Tantradox climbed atop the crane, upon whose promontory was a wheel and four levers. Using these devices to control the movement of the crane, the Tantradox raised the Geryon Baal'Striga up by the chains embedded in its flesh and began to extend the entire contraption forward, the giant arm seemingly elongating as its hidden lengths were pulled to their limits from unseen depths within the citadel. Maneuvering the mechanical rigging to the front of the Fiendfarms, the Tantradox bore the Geryon Baal'Striga through the air until she was extended beyond the boundaries of the Fiendfarms and dangling directly over the Siamese twin brontosauruses that pulled the palace like an enormous chariot. 
Drelrei pulled one of the levers, and a guillotine blade dropped from the arm of the crane, whistling as it fell on a long hempen rope before severing the leather leashes and reins which bound the conjoined reptiles to the Fiendfarms. Freed at last, the brontosauruses immediately stampeded into the distance and disappeared within the gardens of Elasvai.
 The Tantradox reeled the guillotine blade back into its thin, groovelike sheath in the iron rigging. The winged Geryon Baal'Striga was now slowly lowered to the ground to take the place of the brontosauruses. Her black head jutted above the parapets of the Fiendfarm rooftops as her talons dug heavily into the flowerbeds and soil below. The Tantradox then abandoned the rigging which bound her, retreating back along its arm and alighting on a nearby balcony, then slipping through an entrance into the upper levels of the Fiendfarms, only to reemerge moments later through the same door with tall, hooked staffs. They used these staffs to disengage the grapnelled ends of the twelve chains which shackled the Geryon Baal'Striga's flesh to the mechanical rigging, guiding the adamantium ropes through the air and then reinserting them in metal rings studding the front walls of the Fiendfarms. These were then welded tight with hundred-foot long branding irons. A spiked adamantium choke collar was fastened around the avian fertility demoness' vulturine throat, then hermetically sealed by the heated instruments. A thirteenth chain was attached and suspended between collar and ringed wall. Finally, the Tantradox descended to the bottom floor of their citadel and walked down a short stairway to the ground. They held in their hands a large red-hot axe, which sizzled and steamed as they approached the bound Geryon Baal'Striga. With one mighty swing the incandescent axe amputated both of the Geryon Baal'Striga's legs, and its intense heat immediately cauterized the wounds in its wake, leaving two shriveled stumps that shrank back into the demoness' feathers. The Geryon Baal'Striga screamed as her legs were severed, and immediately began beating her mighty wings to keep herself aloft from the ground below. The Tantradox hurried back inside the Fiendfarms as the entire castle began to tremble and shake. The Geryon Baal'Striga's wings began beating faster and faster, and then suddenly the Fiendfarms lurched and the entire edifice lifted into the air. 
The Tantradox emerged atop the Fiendfarms with whips in hand, flogging the Geryon Baal'Striga's three heads to change its speed, altitude, or direction. The avian fertility demoness soared through the skies with the Fiendfarms behind it like some titanic flying chariot. With its legs amputated it had been rendered an eternal martlet, and would never cease flying again until the time of its demise. The only landing it would ever make would be into its own deathbed or grave. Until then, it was the Tantradox's slave, and the Siamese twin incubus and succubus had obtained the power of flight. The Tantradox was now ready to wage war upon the Necrodelic and the Oneirophage, and then the entire universe.

41

The Tantradox flew the Megafiend from inside the Stormtower. No longer the Fiendfarms, the citadel had taken on a life of its own, as was evidenced by the sentient tissue of the artificial lake upon its rooftops, which continued to expand and grow upwards to accommodate the ever-enlarging Janus Kraken, as well as the system of nerves and ganglia now running through the fortress and into the shackles of the Geryon Baal'Striga, enabling Drelrei and Junisia to control the flight of the avian fertility demoness with electrical impulses and shocks as it dragged the castle through the skies like a soaring juggernaut.
Within the caudal Stormtower, the Tantradox controlled Elasvai's weather conditions. Long ago, Drelrei and Junisia had conquered and captured a weather warlock, bonded him psychically with the Elasvai's spirit, and mutated his flesh into a living control panel through which they could create and regulate the temperature and seasons of the garden planet, as well as cause, adjust, and terminate rainfall, lightning, thunderstorms, floods, waterspouts, winds, tornadoes, earthquakes, and eclipses. Thusly had they kept Elasvai in a state of perpetual bloom and flourishment for millennia.
They adjusted the living control panel now. Its levers were fingers, phalluses, blood vessels, esophagi, intestines, tails, and bones. Its buttons were pulsating organs. The severed head of the weather warlock served as an instrumental gauge, providing oral descriptions of various measurements, levels, and conditions throughout the entire planet. Pulling on phalanges, penises, veins, arteries, entrails, esophagi, tails, and pieces of extracted skeleton, while simultaneously pressing, tapping, prodding, or gripping beating hearts, breathing lungs, digesting stomach sacs, churning livers, quivering kidneys, trembling spleens, expanding bladders, and hundreds of various glands, the Tantradox controlled the weather with a secret tactile language of applied touches, numbered repetitions, and esoteric sequential orders which they had invented long ago and were known by none save the severed head of the weather warlock. He interpreted these various signals by their ordered chronological tappings, musical rhythms, degrees of pressure, stimulation of both pleasure and pain centers, forced glandular secretions and various types of bloodlettings, which he then translated to the spirit of the planet. The Tantradox had now brought much of Elasvai under the cover of cumulus clouds, thunderheads waiting to be unleashed, rainstorms brewing in the skies. Drelrei and Junisia set specific weather patterns and storms for every section of Elasvai, controlling every minute detail of the planet's climate. After several hours, when all the clouds had accumulated over the planet, the Tantradox unleashed the rain and headed into battle.
*
The Oneirophage imbibed the dreams of cocaine demons on the Cliffs of Caine. Albinos as white as their beloved drugs, many of them had not descended from the cliffs in centuries. A pair of Siamese twins, joined at the head, lay broken and bloodied beneath the coca plants as the Oneirophage ravished their minds. The dream-eater plunged the Umbilicus through both their skulls at once, driving the tip into the ear canal of the first until it emerged from the ear canal of the second, sucking a tunnel through their brain, and imbibing their cocaine dreams and withdrawal nightmares all the while. He saw hourglasses whose sands were cocaine, then the deserts those dwindling white granules had come from, shifting in the rhythmic wind, blowing first east, then west, then east again, and so on unto infinity. He withdrew his straw and left the cocaine demons to die with bright red blood dripping from their ears and noses, staining their lily-white flesh.
Another pair of cocaine demons, joined at the hip, were ambling up the cliffside. The Oneirophage crawled behind the large stem of a giant coca plant and lay in wait for his prey, then ambushed them with a cobra strike that paralyzed them in mid-gait. These cocaine demons had white horns, which the Oneirophage tore off, and then plunged the Umbilicus into the bloody holes left behind. He swallowed dreams of scales that were balanced by piles of cocaine, forever shifting up and down, their fulcrum a beating heart that palpitated with increasing rapidity as the scales swung back and forth.
Ascending the Cliffs of Caine, the Oneirophage found two albino soulmates dangling from the branches while joined in the sexual yin-yang position, forever welded in simultaneous fellacio and cunnilingus. Upon closer examination, he found that the lips of the male had been seamlessly fused to the labia of the female, and her pallid mouth had been likewise hermetically sealed around the base of his turgid phallus. The cocaine demons had rigged up an elaborate system of coca ingestion, with the twigs, vines and roots of the surrounding plants inserted into their nostrils and the veins in the insides of their elbows, feeding them cocaine intravenously while holding them aloft in the branches above the ground as they made love. The male hung supine, the female prone above him. The bone-white addicts had strung themselves up by the branches of coca trees and given themselves a continuous supply of cocaine, a perpetual state of stimulation that had lasted for years.
The Oneirophage plunged his straw into the skull of the male, opening a new, crimson fontanel in his head to replace the one that had sealed itself after his birth. Through this gory, surgically created fontanel, the Oneirophage sucked the very white lightning of his victim's orgasm, suffusing his entire body. He jabbed the Umbilicus all over the unpigmented flesh of both, sucking all the cocaine from their bloodstreams and all the sexual energy from their genitals and nervous system. The Oneirophage shuddered with paroxysms of orgasm, as though in a convulsive fit. He left the sexually conjoined Siamese twins alive, but full of bloody perforations and vampirically drained of the cocaine and hormones in their systems. With all the coca plants surrounding them now barren, the drugs sucked from their leaves and stems into the Oneirophage through the conduit of their bodies, the cocaine demons were left in a state of agonizing withdrawal, screaming,  sweating, shivering, and shaking, the male's phallus now flaccid in his lover's dry and parched mouth, and she leaking blood between the cracked lips of his. They would both be dead within an hour.
Paranoid cocaine demons fled the Oneirophage as he approached. He enjoyed hunting them down and sucking the speeding dreams from their intoxicated brains, dreams with an acrid hint of nightmare, which made them more delectable. The Oneirophage emerged onto the uppermost precipice of the Cliffs of Caine, which was also the uppermost precipice of the entire planet, and gazed out upon the Elasvaian nocturne. He watched as cumulus clouds gathered, huge thunderheads rising up like ramparts on the horizon. He could taste the moisture gathering within the clouds on his forked tongues. Storms meant rain, which meant rainbows, which meant prisms, which meant dreaming. The approaching storms were very much to the Oneirophage's advantage. Smiling to himself as the first drops began to spatter down, the Oneirophage enjoyed the scenery a moment more, then reached for the Darkprism around his neck, removed it and the necklace it dangled from, and planted it in the dirt of the cliff's edge. He stood over it like a pyrolater, lighting and then fanning the flames of a sacred fire, making sorcerous gesticulations and emitting sibilant hissing incantations, and then from out of its black hole depths grew a towering, spinning iron crucifix, the gigantic ancient artifact from the temples of Serpentikal, a relic from his destroyed homeworld of Grystiawa, which he had borne with him ever since the death of his birthplace had necessitated his exile into space. The revolving cross arose from the Darkprism, drilling itself upwards through the night until it had reached its full height. After retrieving the Darkprism from beneath it and replacing the talisman around his neck, the Oneirophage coiled his lower, serpentine half around the base of the monolithic crucifix and then climbed, curled, and slithered his way to its top. He draped his arms over the crossbar and crucified himself on the giant spinning relic. Looming hundreds of feet above the Cliffs of Caine, and miles above the Elasvaian plains, the Oneirophage awaited the coming apocalypse with cold reptilian patience.
*
Chariah made his way from the north pole of Elasvai with Cerberus at his side, walking directly over the planet's meridian and glaring with crimson eyes at the gathering clouds. Heading slowly south, through gardens of mandrake and forests of weeping willows, he could feel as well as hear the growl of Cerberus in response to the distant thunder. The Necrodelic held out his black hand as the first drops of rain began to fall, and looked skyward with eyes like the calderas of volcanoes about to erupt. He looked at the glistening beads of water on his hand, listened to the soft ricochet of raindrops on leaves, and felt the light, dewy dampness clinging to his long sable hair.
"Fuck,"  he said to himself, and continued onward.
*
On the entire planet of Elasvai, no one saw the sunrise that day except the Oneirophage and the Tantradox. The Oneirophage's spinning crucifix just cleared the tops of the cumulus clouds, and he watched Dzandra emerge from the distant horizons as he revolved. Dawn shattered across the sky like a jewel obliterated by a warhammer, glittering in the Oneirophage's peripheral vision as the giant cross spun him around. The next time he gazed upon Dzandra, it was through the eyes of Morpheus Rex.
  The Tantradox, meanwhile, watched the sunrise from the rooftop parapets of the Megafiend, the Geryon Baal'Striga flying them above the clouds as they tracked the dream-eater. When Dzandra rose, it revealed in its hemisphere of saffron brilliance the silhouette of a towering crucifix, and upon that crucifix, the transforming shadow of the Oneirophage as he made his diurnal metamorphosis into Morpheus Rex. The Tantradox lashed its whip across the side of the Geryon Baal'Striga's face, and the Megafiend hurtled directly toward the iron cross, seemingly on a collision course with the sun.
That collision course would take them directly through the flesh of Morpheus Rex as well. The Tantradox flogged their avian steed thrice about the back, spurring it onward to faster and faster speeds. Morpheus Rex remained on his excruciating perch and took the full force of the rocketing Geryon Baal'Striga and the weight of the entire edifice in the face and chest. The giant iron cross was blasted from its foundation and toppled heavily down the Cliffs of Caine, flattening hundred-foot coca plants and crushing cocaine demons in its wake. 
The Tantradox glanced around but could find no trace of Morpheus Rex. It would be several moments before they heard a faint rustling behind them, and the Siamese twins turned just in time for Drelrei to block the Prismsword with the Soul Cleaver. Morpheus Rex spun, and Junisia raised the handheld iron maiden to block his path, using it as a shield to keep the dripping fangs of the black widow which was Morpheus Rex's left hand away from her face, then pressing the lever in its handle to make it open and close like the jaws of a rabid dragon. Morpheus Rex feinted and lunged sideways with his spider hand repeatedly, until finally he mistimed his strike and Junisia trapped his arm all the way to the elbow.
Morpheus Rex maintained his sideways stance and began to drift to his right. He was just out of the reach of Drelrei's Soul Cleaver, writhing to keep his tail free of its whistling path. He twisted and flailed with the Prismsword, but Junisia held him at bay with subtle pushes of the iron maiden, and she too was deft enough to keep her tail from being severed. The combatants spun atop the parapet for several moments, with none gaining an advantage.
Far below, after sliding for several minutes through the fresh mud of the Cliffs of Caine, the gigantic cross suddenly came to a halt at the clawed foot of the Necrodelic. The supernatural strength of the Death Addict brought the iron tonnage of the crucifix and its miles worth of accumulated momentum to a dead stop. Beneath the cross lay the mangled corpses of dozens of cocaine demons, their backs broken and bodies mutilated. The Necrodelic reached down and lifted the enormous cross in his hands, the veins in his black biceps bulging, his chiseled muscles pressing against his skin as though they might break completely of his skeleton. He waited for the Megafiend to soar overhead, then hurled the iron cross directly upwards into the skies, through the clouds, where miles away he heard the satisfying thud of the crucifix striking stone. When the crucifix fell back to the ground, it took a chunk of the Megafiend with it. As the citadel flew past again, Chariah once more hurled the cross. The crucifix flew directly upwards, broke through the floor of the Megafiend, caught more of the edifice in its crossbar, then fell directly down on the same vertical path to stick upright in the gelatinous mud. A moment later, a hailstorm of debris and bodies dropped heavily around it.
Finally, the Tantradox directed the Geryon Baal'Striga to drop beneath the clouds, and for the first time Chariah beheld the Megafiend. Its bottom story was its abattoir, for the Fiendfarms had always been terrestrial, and thus the abattoir had never been equipped with any type of floor. The meathooks dangled from its underbelly, some with living beasts impaled upon them. Short stairways led to the level above the abattoir. Chariah swept his gaze from the Geryon Baal'Striga to the crackling Stormtower. He watched as Morpheus Rex and the Tantradox dueled atop the Megafiend's anterior parapet, circling one another incessantly. His eyes flashed as the slaves of the Tantradox began dropping wrecking balls from the windows like nightmarish, boulder-sized hailstones.
As Chariah dodged the wrecking balls, the clouds began to spark and thunder. A rapid succession of lightning bolts gouged a labyrinth of fissures and abysses in the ground. Avoiding the deadly barrage of wrecking balls and lightning, Chariah ran to the base of the crucifix. He crouched like a panther, then jumped straight up into the air, hundreds of feet, and landed atop the crossbar. From there, it took one more demonic leap to board the Megafiend. The Necrodelic soared through the rain and alighted on the steps leading to the second story. He flipped the charging Siamese twin minotaurs, which had been posted there as sentinels, over his shoulder to the ground thousands of feet below, then infiltrated the flying citadel.
Chariah made his way to the parapet where Morpheus Rex and the Tantradox battled. The Dreaming Predator remained caught in the handheld iron maiden by his left arm. The Tantradox was still unable to get in striking range, yet was reluctant to relinquish the iron maiden and let the ophidian one slip from their clutches. Chariah appeared in the doorway like a shadow, as suddenly and silently as a spider drops through the night on a single strand of webbing. He slashed Morpheus Rex across the back with his claws, opening five diagonal lacerations from right shoulder blade to left hip. The Tantradox then released the handheld iron maiden out of necessity, for the Necrodelic's left hand was chopping downwards with claws extended to sever Junisia's hand at the wrist. Morpheus Rex stumbled backwards as the Tantradox released the handheld iron maiden.
The Tantradox raised the Soul Cleaver over its heads with both hands, then brought it crashing down in a sweeping arc over the Necrodelic's skull. To the shock of Drelrei and Junisia, the Necrodelic did nothing to avoid the blow, just stood stoically with his hands at his sides as the crimson blade throttled toward him. To their even greater shock, the Soul Cleaver passed right through the flesh of the Necrodelic as if he weren't there, to clatter loudly against the floor.
The Tantradox looked up with astonished eyes, then brandished the sword diagonally, sideways, and overhand again. Each time, the crimson blade of the Soul Cleaver passed through the Necrodelic like he was an apparition, or an entity composed of black amorphous fluids, leaving behind neither scratch nor scar, nor even a ripple while it penetrated him. The Tantradox swung the Soul Cleaver wildly then, with blows that would have decapitated, eviscerated, impaled, castrated, and split from skull to crotch a lesser demon. Again, however, the Soul Cleaver had no effect upon the mysteriously impervious Death Addict. The Tantradox gazed upwards, eyes wide with fright, and the Necrodelic's igneous eye contact knocked them backwards, sprawling across the parapet on their dinosaur tails and cloven hands.
"I'm indivisible, bitch," the Necrodelic snarled. "Pure fucking evil."
Drelrei roared with rage and leapt to his feet, dragging Junisia with him. This time he dropped the ineffective Soul Cleaver and lashed out with his fist. Chariah casually blocked the blow and grabbed Drelrei's arm in a death-grip around the wrist. He pulled the Tantradox closer and unleashed a quintet of claws upon them like a thousand machetes, a fusillage of guillotine blades, over and over, until the only thing keeping the Tantradox upright was Chariah's left hand around Drelrei's wrist. The Siamese twin demons staggered limply in his grasp, the skin of their chest hanging in large flaps and folds, their faces slashed as if by violent scarifications, a rapidly expanding pool of blood flowing out from around their cloven feet.
Chariah pulled on Drelrei's arm, trying to hold the swooning Tantradox upright. As the Necrodelic struggled to balance his adversary for a killshot, Morpheus Rex silently crept up behind the Necrodelic's back with the discarded hand-held iron maiden in his hands. A reversal of fate had resulted in the Dreaming Predator wielding the weapon/torture device instead of suffering its torments. He squeezed the lever inside the handle with his black widow hand, and the iron maiden slammed shut around the Necrodelic. The flesh-smoker's black hand protruded from the opening, but his radius and ulna were shattered and he released his grip on the Tantradox, who stumbled around in their own blood on cloven hooves not made for feats of balance and equilibrium. The Siamese twin demons toppled backwards over the ramparts of the parapet and disappeared from sight.
Morpheus Rex reclenched the eight spider legs of his black widow hand around the handle of the iron maiden and it swung open. A few seconds later, the body of the Necrodelic fell out, covered with crimson puncture wounds on every part of his body, head to toe, front and back. He landed limply in a spreading pool of his own blood. Morpheus Rex was looking at the handheld iron maiden like a madman, his kaleidoscopic eyes gleaming, a psychotic smile on his rainbow lips. 
Chariah writhed and twisted amidst his pouring plasma, raising his dripping head to glare back at Morpheus Rex through the falling rain. The Dreaming Predator was bearing down upon him again with the deadly contraption. The Necrodelic reached out and grabbed the black hilt of the Soul Cleaver, which still lay on the floor where the Tantradox had dropped it. He swiveled and parried with the crimson blade, driving its point between the hinges of the handheld iron maiden. Morpheus Rex continued to squeeze its handle, but the Soul Cleaver was jammed into its gears and it would no longer open or shut. Chariah gripped the black hilt of the Soul Cleaver with both hands, one healthy, one broken, and then jerked the sorcerous broadsword upwards with all his might, tearing the iron maiden from Morpheus Rex's hand and sending it spinning high into the air. The Necrodelic pirouetted suddenly, and as he spun around he brought the Soul Cleaver down with a two-fisted, overhead blow on the crown of Morpheus Rex's head.
 There was a thunderclap and a flash of blinding rainbow lightning the instant the sword struck the Dreaming Predator. The eye-searing light faded just in time for Chariah to witness two bodies falling unconsciously onto their backs with a splash of bloody rainwater. One was the body of Morpheus Rex. The other was the body of the Oneirophage. 
The handheld iron maiden clattered like a distant echo as it landed somewhere on the rooftop. The pouring rain was washing the blood down the Necrodelic's body, lathing a hundred different dripping open holes of impalement, and streaming in sanguine runnels to the roseate puddles below. The Necrodelic stood silently in disbelief, looking upon the sundered bodies beneath him and not knowing which was real. Both Morpheus Rex and the Oneirophage lay as still as corpses, directly next to one another. Chariah found himself completely devoid of any means of comprehending the sight his crimson eyes were conveying to his blackened mind. Suddenly, truth was a force that did not exist.
Wrapped up in his philosophical vertigo, the Necrodelic left himself vulnerable to attack. The Tantradox had landed atop the back of the Geryon Baal'Striga and grabbed on to one of its chains as it slid down the rain-slickened feathers. The Siamese twin demons climbed back up to the rooftop, pulled themselves over the parapet wall, and kicked the Necrodelic in the testicles from behind with the cloven, iron-shod foot of their disproportionately powerful middle leg. Chariah fell face-first into the puddles of rain and blood and did not move.
At the exact moment the Necrodelic's skull crashed onto the floor, both Morpheus Rex and the Oneirophage sat up. The Tantradox stared with the same disbelief that had gripped the Necrodelic. Like mirror images, Morpheus Rex and the Oneirophage rose. The Tantradox had seen enough, and attacked the Oneirophage rather than Morpheus Rex, for no reason other than he was the closer of the two. The Siamese twins leapt at him and clawed at his face, tried to dig out his eyes with their sharp black claws and fingernails. The combatants traded blows with their tails. The sounds of wet serpent, stegosaurus, and ankylosaurus tails colliding with sodden flesh were like the cracks of whips striking mermaids. 
Morpheus Rex squatted over the prostrate Necrodelic like a simian assassin and began to rain blows on the back of his skull. His black widow hand chewed upon the open wounds along his spine. Chariah growled, raising bubbles in the foam of rain and gore around his face. He surged to his feet as Morpheus Rex retreated, turning around with a wild back-handed slash that whistled through the air and didn't come within three feet of anybody. He shook blood and rain from his eyes and his hair. Morpheus Rex gathered up the Prismsword and brandished it with blinding speed. Chariah looked up with blazing eyes to see razor-bladed rainbows cutting red spiderwebs across his flesh. Like a berserk taurean demon, the Necrodelic charged Morpheus Rex, driving through the flashing colors and the expertly swung blade and running right through the Dreaming Predator as though he were a locked gate at the end of a deadly labyrinth, a gate for which he had no key in a labyrinth whose walls were rapidly closing to crush him to a pulp, a gate to be rammed and splintered from its hinges. The force of his charge lifted Morpheus Rex off his feet and knocked him backwards through the air. Chariah went from a complete standstill to a supersonic speed in less than a second, then just as quickly came to a complete halt. Morpheus Rex sailed through the air as though shot from an arbalest. He made one futile attempt at reaching down below his back for the edge of the parapet wall as he soared, but Chariah had knocked him too high into the air. An instant later, he disappeared over the rim of the Megafiend. Unlike the Tantradox, he missed the Geryon Baal'Striga and her chains entirely, and plummeted to the ground below.
The Tantradox had pummeled the Oneirophage relentlessly with its spiked and clublike tails, driving him up against the crenellated walls, and with one mighty, combined, spinning blow of both tails knocked him backwards and over the parapet ramparts. He flipped over the tower wall, but managed to grab onto its edge with both hands during the backwards somersault and hang on as he righted himself, to dangle precariously from the top of the turret, his belly pressed against its wet marble side. The Tantradox unleashed a furious assault with both its tails upon his fingers in an attempt to make him lose his grip and fall. Junisia's ankylosaurus club shattered long painted fingernails, phalanges, and knuckles alike. Drelrei's stegosaurus mace drove stigmatas through his right hand, as though from crucifixion with giant nails. The black widow of his left hand panicked and detached itself from the arm of its master. It crawled from the crenellation and scurried several feet down the parapet.
The Tantradox had witnessed the Necrodelic's furious assault upon Morpheus Rex as they pounded the hands of the Oneirophage, and continually looked over their shoulders to apprise themselves of his whereabouts. When they saw him pick up the Soul Cleaver and glance in their direction, however, the Tantradox panicked and chose to fling itself over the top of the Megafiend to the gardens far below, rather than face the Necrodelic's wrath and risk being torturously sundered from one another again. 
Chariah watched the frightened Tantradox flee his presence with blazing eyes. The rain was coming down in torrents now, and he was severely wounded, mostly from the impalements of the handheld iron maiden that now lay lifeless on the ground. He needed fire, smoke, and ashes, burning flesh and immolated corpses, to heal his massive injuries. He needed pyromancy and Hellfire to unleash his full assault upon Elasvai. He had to find some way to stop the infernal rain. With Soul Cleaver in hand, the Necrodelic turned towards the Stormtower.

42

Chariah walked along the white parapets of the Megafiend, stepping carefully from cube to cube, navigating the wet and slippery ramparts. To his right was an artificial lake which covered virtually the entire rooftop, from the anterior turret upon which he, the Oneirophage, Morpheus Rex, and the Tantradox had battled, to the Stormtower looming at the rear of the fortress. The rain poured down on the Necrodelic like a fusillade. Blasting winds blew his drenched hair around his face. There were flashes of lighting and thunderclaps every few seconds as the storm intensified. Rainwater collected in his puncture wounds and stung his exposed tissues like libations of salt. Having long ago been lathed of blood by the pouring rain, these spherical marks of impalement were now windows to the jet tissues, gleaming sable organs, and ebony bones lying beneath his flesh, with just a hint of crimson blood dripping through and scoring their rims. It was like an alveolated oracle for an aspirant vivisectionist, revealing the inner workings of the body in pieces, or a sexual display for a voyeuristic interniphiliac, to gaze through drilled eyeholes upon vital organs, viscera, and physical processes, and then fuck those eyeholes one by one.
 The Geryon Baal'Striga was flying the Megafiend whimsically and erratically now that its master no longer controlled it, and the giant pool upon its rooftop churned violently, dashing the Necrodelic with ten-foot waves. While the waters were heaving, Chariah detected the presence of something  incubating in the lake. The pool itself was expanding to accommodate its maturing inhabitant, having extended its boundaries several stories down through the guts of the Megafiend, as well as raising up the very parapets Chariah traversed, growing taller even as he walked across them, bearing him higher and higher as he made his way to the flickering Stormtower. 
The Necrodelic focused the crimson lasers of his eye upon the green mass ascending through the lake. As it rose, the mass grew larger and larger, and when the Siamese twin krakens, fused together at the back, emerged from the amniotic pool, it was even more enormous than it had appeared through the reflections and refractions of the water. The dark green leviathan arose in a chaotic tsunami that swelled over the parapets and cascaded to the ground below. The Necrodelic braced himself as the wave passed over him, sheathing the Soul Cleaver in the stone of the fortress and jumping into one of the cubical valleys between the parapets, seating himself in the black lotus position, spread-eagling his arms and digging his claws into the white marble. As the crest of amnion roared and rushed over him, Chariah held himself fast between the parapets. When the wave had passed, Chariah looked up to see the Janus Kraken looming over him, more than one hundred feet tall. Still in the black lotus position, the Necrodelic joined his fingers together at his knees and spoke a dark and susurrating mantra. He levitated as the Janus Kraken charged, lifting vertically into the air until he was face to face with the furious leviathan.
Chariah stretched his arms out cruciform, uncrossed his legs, and unleashed a barrage of claws upon the monstrosity, carving its scales from its flesh with a frenzy of talons as he descended back to the parapet. The Janus Kraken, its face bloody and torn, scales flaking from its chest, suddenly rotated within the lake, presenting another side which was a complete replication of the first. This side was unharmed, however, and again the Janus Kraken charged, again the Necrodelic levitated, and again the Necrodelic shredded its scales rapid-fire lacerations as he fell.
The Janus Kraken spun again, presenting the side Chariah had first attacked, completely healed while its conjoined twin had taken its turn with the demon. Apparently, the Janus Kraken possessed a few strands of hydra DNA, a product of the Tantradox's experimental sorceries. The Necrodelic removed the Soul Cleaver from the parapet, held it for a moment, but then, remembering the way it had turned Morpheus Rex into two separate entities, was assailed with visions of the Janus Kraken becoming fourfold if he struck it with the spirit-sundering blade. He embedded the sword in the marble once more, then leapt at the oncoming Janus Kraken.
The Janus Kraken swung at the Necrodelic, swatting him from midair. The Necrodelic back-flipped and landed on the rim of the Megafiend. He jumped again, and this time, as the Janus Kraken swung at him with the opposite arm, Chariah buried his claws in the webbing between its half-formed fingers with his right hand, while simultaneously driving the claws of his left hand into the flesh of its palm. The Janus Kraken roared and tried to shake him loose, then began raising him towards it head and open, fanged mouth. Chariah looked over his shoulder as the Janus Kraken's face drew closer. Pushing off with his taloned feet, he catapulted himself from the Janus Kraken's palm, flew through the air in a high arcing backwards somersault, and alighted atop the creature's skull. The Necrodelic landed, bent on one knee, and drove his talons through the eye of the Janus Kraken. The Janus Kraken roared and reached up with both hands, but this time from the opposite direction, as the leviathan's arms apparently shared a triple-jointed socket. As he turned to meet the attack, Chariah noticed that the creature only had palms, for the backs of its hands had been fused together, just like its spinal cords.
The Necrodelic launched himself into a spinning attack, a black tornado dervishing atop the Janus Kraken's head, claws outstretched to slash and sunder. The Janus Kraken's hands plunged through the deadly swirl of claws and recoiled in a shower of blood, only to swing back from the other side on hinged shoulders to pummel the twirling Necrodelic as he spun in mid-air, knocking him from its crown and into the lake below.
The arms of the Janus Kraken did not stop, however, but swung completely over its head and into the water after Chariah, blasting him with a double-handed blow. Chariah ricocheted slowly off the bottom of the lake, as though on a planet or moon of extremely low gravity. The giant webbed hands slapped him back down to the bottom of the lake again, then grabbed the Necrodelic between their palms and began to squeeze. Chariah bit through scales and blood as the Janus Kraken tried to burst his skeleton. The Janus Kraken applied unbearable pressure to the Necrodelic's body, causing fresh gouts of blood to spurt from his puncture wounds. 
Chariah managed to slip both sets of claws through the narrow slits between the Janus Kraken's joined hands and tear a small hole in its scales. The water of the lake began to pour in as the opening grew. He squirted through the hard-won exit to the surface of the pool, then swam for the parapets as the Janus Kraken rose again. This time, when the Janus Kraken charged, Chariah met it with his ten claws joined into the Hellsword, opening a deep gash in its abdomen that bubbled and bled. The Janus Kraken spun, and the Necrodelic drove the point of his combined talons into its guts with an impaling strike. The Janus Kraken rotated again, and its other side had, once again, healed and regenerated like the head of a hydra.
Just as the Necrodelic began to wonder whether to employ a strategy which would involve him continually leaping from one side of the lake to the other in pursuit of the wounds he had wrought, or to direct his attack from atop the Janus Kraken's joined skulls on both sides at once, he saw the Oneirophage slithering along the parapets across from him, the ones he had originally traversed, where the Soul Cleaver remained sheathed. The Dreaming Predator had the handheld iron maiden in one hand and the Prismsword in the other, and began battling the Janus Kraken from the other side.
Chariah attacked the half of the Janus Kraken facing him with a flurry of claws, blasting it with overhand blows, uppercuts, backfists, tiger slashes, impaling strikes, and double-handed chops. On the opposite side of the Megafiend, the Oneirophage had begun to unleash his own offensive repertoire of cobra strikes, venomous injections, tail lashings, and blows from the Prismsword and the hand-held iron maiden. Now, the Janus Kraken couldn't spin its way to safety, for it was assaulted from both sides, and it was soon a bloodied, battered, quivering pulp. Chariah had once again climbed to the top of its skull, and was driving his claws repeatedly into its brain. The monstrosity was slowed, but not yet killed. It sank back into the water to try and shake the Necrodelic loose, but Chariah would not budge, and the conjoined leviathan was forced to raise itself above the waves once more, where the Oneirophage was waiting with yet more damage to inflict. Chariah raked both sides of the Janus Kraken's face and thrust repeatedly through its skull and eyes, but the gargantuan mutant would not die. Finally, the Oneirophage clutched the Soul Cleaver about the hilt, still in its surrogate sheath in the parapet beside him, and, while gripping the half-buried crimson and black broadsword thusly, called out to the Necrodelic, "Flesh-smoker...use the Soul Cleaver."
From his perch atop the Siamese twin krakens in the driving rain Chariah yelled, "It will turn them fourfold, and more."
"Remember the Tantradox," the Oneirophage hissed through the monsoon. "The sword shall sunder, and we shall slay."
The Necrodelic paused, a black silhouette of war mounted atop the bleeding head of the leviathan, his crimson eyes glowing amidst the gusts of wind, the torrents of rain, the explosions of thunder, and the flashes of lightning. Finally, in reply, he held out his right hand. The Oneirophage smiled and wrenched the Soul Cleaver from its pit. He lifted it and tossed it high into the air. The Necrodelic reached out and caught it by the hilt, then gestured with his head towards the Stormtower.
"Raise the crane."
The Oneirophage began slithering toward the Stormtower, where the tip of the crane's arm lay. As the Oneirophage made his way across the ramparts, Chariah yelled, "If this fails, I shall smoke your still-beating heart as you look on."
The Necrodelic continued to bloody the Janus Kraken's head as the Oneirophage operated the crane. A few moments later, a great shadow fell directly over the Necrodelic. He unsheathed his claws from the Janus Kraken's skull and leapt straight upwards, hundreds of feet into the air, landed atop the crane, and raised the Soul Cleaver over his head. For a brief instant, while lightning flickered, the silhoutte of murder incarnate hung like a black hole in the sky. Then, with a battle cry that drowned out the thunder, the Necrodelic leapt, dropping as swiftly and heavily as a neutron star. He swung the sword directly through the invisible suture that bonded the krakens, ripping through the seam of their flesh and soul and falling through the bloody chasm he had wrought, two perfectly straight slabs of exposed olive muscle and pulsing organs at either side. He fell to the bottom of the lake, severing the Janus Kraken's tentacles. The vermilion blade of the Soul Cleaver, physically, had only sliced through a part of the Janus Kraken, but its sorcery did the rest, bisecting the entire Siamese twin leviathan. Both halves of the Janus Kraken fell face-first into the amniotic lake, which was now both their womb and deathbed.
The Necrodelic rose through the bloody waters and swam to the Stormtower. The liquid seared his open wounds like Hellfire. Like a black crocodile, Chariah slipped silently from currents to shore, still holding the dripping Soul Cleaver in his right hand. The Oneirophage had gone to examine the cadavers of the krakens. Chariah knew not the dream-eater's intentions, but until he abetted the accursed rain he cared for nothing else. The Necrodelic ascended the stairs of the Stormtower and entered its upper chamber. He looked once at the complicated array of organs and bones, and the severed head mumbling numbers and soliloquies to itself. The entire clandestine control panels would take days to decode. He did not look twice, merely opened his mouth and breathed a jetstream of fire over the living device. The organs sizzled and popped, bones turned to ash, and the entire control chamber incinerated around the Necrodelic.
Through the pleasant crackle of the conflagration and the assuaging smoke of cremated flesh, Chariah listened for the spattering of rain outside. There was none. Satisfied, the Necrodelic returned to the rooftops of the Megafiend. Hydraman had commandeered the Metasaur and maneuvered it to the side of the Megafiend. He was assisting the Oneirophage in dumping the twin carcasses of the Janus Kraken into the psychedelic moat surrounding Phantasmagorika.
Chariah left them to their toil and made his way along the parapets to the Geryon Baal'Striga. He leapt onto her back and plunged his hands through the skull and brain of her second head, then dug his claws into her cerebellum and hijacked her nervous system. Through the conduit of the avian bird demoness, Chariah steered the Megafiend toward the Forest of Flesh, which had departed the lake in which it had taken sanctuary from the Necrodelic's Hellfire and once again taken root on one of Elasvai's fertile plains. Accustomed to the dragon-like ease of flight and the mind-bending speeds of his bestial spaceship, Chariah flew the less-evolved Megafiend as though it were the Omnibeast, dropping altitudes and making sharp and sudden turns in a manner that spilled the entire lake from the roof, breaking the walls and foundations of the entire structure and sending the Siamese twin slaves of the Tantradox tumbling through the cracks to their deaths below.
As the Forest of Flesh came into view, Chariah spurred the Geryon Baal'Striga to her maximum speed and set her and the entire Megafiend on a direct collision course with the bound Omnibeast. Traveling at supersonic speeds, the demon-commandeered, monstrosity-driven edifice crashed into the Forest of Flesh with an explosion of blood and flying arms, legs, and genitals. Chariah flew the Megafiend directly into his spaceship, dislodging it from its prison of living trees and gigantic bondage devices, then leaping from the back of the Geryon Baal'Striga into the waiting Arachniotics, which formed a cradle that bore their master up and into his vessel.
 A moment later, the Omnibeast spun in place and then soared out of the gaping void in the Forest of Flesh. Meanwhile, the Geryon Baal'Striga and the Megafiend continued to careen through the Forest of Flesh, toppling living trees, breaking bones, and sending extremities shooting through the skies while the Forest of Flesh cried out with millions of anguished voices. Several of the Geryon Baal'Striga's breasts were severed in the process, and when the avian fertility demoness smashed through the integument on the far side of the living forest, she left in her wake several embryoes, fetuses and hatchlings quivering and dying on the swampy ground, or impaled upon twigs and branches. The wounded Geryon Baal'Striga continued to fly the Megafiend into the distance, dangerously low to the ground but too injured to increase her altitude. Leaving behind a trail of blood, the avian demoness soared very slowly over the horizon.
Chariah briefly visited his meditation chamber and Bloodbong to heal his wounds, then entered the Omnibeast's cockpit and commandeered the vessel. He commanded the Omnibeast to fly in a large circle around the Forest of Flesh, and as it did so, the Overdragon breathed a continuous stream of fire, so that the entire mutated mass was encircled in a ring of flames taller than itself. Once the encirclement was complete, leaving the Forest of Flesh trapped inside the ring of raging conflagration, Chariah flew the Omnibeast in a succession of five straight lines within the circle of containment, while the Overdragon continued to breathe fire on the forest below. After the final path of the pattern had been flown, the Forest of Flesh was alight with a pentagram of flames, a gigantic, blazing pentagram that channeled the forces of Hell and caused the entire forest to kindle, while the flames which outlined the shape of the pentagram towered high over all the others, rising several miles into the skies, until the burning Satanic sigil could be seen from outer space and formed a blood-red constellation visible throughout the entire galaxy.
Chariah watched the Forest of Flesh burn through one of the Omnibeast's sentient scrying tubes, and saw that as the branches and trees crackled and fell to the ground they reassumed their original bodies, covering the ashen floor of the forest with a mass grave of demon corpses. Millions had been sacrificed to create the Forest of Flesh, the most massive of all the genetic and surgical abominations created by the Tantradox. They had at last been released from their tortuous purgatory, but they were being released into an eternal torment billions of times worse than that which they had suffered at the hands of the Tantradox.
The Necrodelic inhaled the smoke of the immolated demons through one of the Omnibeast's umbilical cords, fitted around his mouth and nose like a gas-mask. He lingered around the conflagration for several minutes, enjoying the pleasant surge of pyromania as he gazed with fascination upon the hypnotic flickerings of the arson which he had wrought, all the while plotting the complete and total armageddon of the garden planet Elasvai.

43

The Necrodelic ran at blinding speeds beneath the gargantuan shadow of the Megafiend. The claws of his right hand impaled the very air, while the Soul Cleaver in his left sundered in twain various elemental sylph demons in their ethereal and invisible lairs, for the ensorcelled sword was imbued with the power to cut through the interdimensional fabric, and its crimson, bisecting blade was capable of damaging both the physical and the astral planes. Overhead, Chariah could hear the clatter and clanging of adamantium meathooks and iron chains, could smell the fragrant aroma of meat both living and dead. He waited like a predator for the perfect moment to strike, then leapt into the air and grabbed onto one of the hooks. He swung for a moment, then hoisted himself up, to stand with one foot in the curve of the meathook and one hand gripping the chain from which it dangled. With his other hand, the Necrodelic plunged the Soul Cleaver into the white ceiling, burying it to the hilt in an upside-down sheath of stone, where it stuck fast and did not budge. Chariah then pulled himself up to the ceiling, his dark, black-veined biceps muscles rippling and bulging. He slid the talons of his feet into one of the grooves in the ceiling and dug them into the stone. The Necrodelic then let go of the chain and hung within the abattoir like a bat, upside-down, his arms crossed over his chest, and there, amongst the meathooks, concealed by adamantium chains and dripping chunks of flesh, he waited like a meditating vampire for his prey.
*
Morpheus Rex stood atop the Siamese twin brontosauruses with their frayed and broken reins in his right hand, riding the giant reptiles across the gardens and flowerbeds in pursuit of the Tantradox. His tattooed flesh bore several bruises from a brief and vicious battle with Drelrei and Junisia, who had crashed down into a nearby meadow of lavender grass not long after he himself had fallen from the Megafiend. The Dreaming Predator had suffered an empurpled eye and split lip from Junisia's clubbed ankylosaurus tail, as well as a lacerated chest and thigh from Drelrei's spiked stegosaurus tail. The long fingernailed hand with which he directed the immense conjoined brontosauruses was covered in crimson, but the blood was that of the Tantradox, whose open wounds he had exacerbated as they fought by wrenching, prying, prodding, and ripping them further with every opportunity. Drelrei and Junisia had responded by bludgeoning him with their brutal tails until the vengeful brontosauruses came lumbering over the horizon and proceeded to maul their former tormentors. Morpheus Rex had clambered onto their backs and, because he was descended from reptiles and his bottom half was ophidian, they formed an immediate psychic bond. The Dreaming Predator directed the dinoaurs to trample the Tantradox beneath the bone-crushing tread of their massive paws.
After finally extricating themselves from the feet of the brontosauruses, the Tantradox had fled across the fields on their three cloven hooves, at speeds faster than any stallion or gazelle or unicorn had ever reached. Morpheus Rex gave chase like a wildman, his prism-beaded hair streaming out behind him from atop his brontosaurus steeds as they ran with their slithery, waving gait, his forked tongues flickering as he yelled incoherent battle cries and guttural animal sounds.
When the Tantradox spotted the wounded Geryon Baal'Striga, irrigating the horizon with her blood and dragging their palace, their sanctuary, the Megafiend, through the air, it was as though the citadel were a cynosure, beckoning them home. They called to the avian fertility demoness, who turned her bloody vulturine head in their direction and cried out with her three beaks, then headed towards them. As she flew low to the ground, the Tantradox ran alongside and vaulted onto the short set of stairs that led to one of the entrances. The Tantradox stopped to catch its breath on the stone steps as the Geryon Baal'Striga flew the Megafiend back into the sky, above the Siamese twin brontosauruses and the angrily gesticulating Morpheus Rex below. It was then that they felt a black hand around their ankle, and the Necrodelic dragged them kicking and thrashing into the abattoir like a trap-door spider drags its prey into its pit, a macabre polarization, an upside-down perversion, of that gruesome predatory act.
Chariah, still hanging upside-down like a vampire bat, had maneuvered through the dangling slaughterhouse by holding onto the bottom of a chain and following the grooves which had been chiseled into the ceiling for hauling meat. He reached out and grabbed Junisia's ankle, then wrenched the Tantradox from the stone steps. He held them by the cloven feet, one clawed hand around each ankle, the claws of his feet firmly embedded in the ceiling above. Chariah swung the Tantradox sadistically through the air, then began to drag them inexorably upward. The Tantradox's cloven hooves slipped on the metal meathooks as they battled back and tried to gain their balance.
Chariah lifted the Tantradox and bent Drelrei's knee over the curve of a meathook. Chariah, now hanging right-side from the chain next to them, reached out with his right hand, grabbed Drelrei once more by the ankle, and violently wrenched his leg. The sound of his kneecap shattering was like a wrecking ball striking a mirror. Tendons and ligaments tore and snapped, and his patella exploded into bonedust inside his very flesh. Both Drelrei and Junisia screamed simultaneously, and continued to scream while Chariah pulled himself up to crouch in the smooth curves of the meathooks. With his left hand still gripping a chain for balance, he pounded Drelrei's decimated knee with hammerlike fist. When the Necrodelic finally ceased, the moaning Tantradox dangled painfully from its broken leg over the vertiginous, nauseating landscapes below.
Chariah etched a pentagram of blood on the Tantradox's broken, swollen knee with a single, razorlike claw. When the bloody sigil was completed it burst into flame, multiplying the agony of the Tantradox a hundredfold. The Necrodelic lifted the burning, shattered, mutilated knee upwards, jerked the Tantradox as they hung in the air, and slammed the back of Drelrei's knee through the barbed point of the meathook. The hook impaled the Tantradox by the leg, its gleaming tip emerging from the other side, directly in the centerpoint of the flaming pentagram. The Tantradox writhed, screaming and clutching at its leg with pain-contorted faces. The Hellfire threatened to burn completely through the mutilated knee. Chariah stared at the Tantradox with blazing eyes, daring it to tear off its own leg to escape, then daring it not to.
Suddenly, the Megafiend rocked as though it had been struck by a meteor. The Necrodelic saw Serpentikal speeding towards the Megafiend at the last minute, and braced himself within the chains for the collision. All the meathooks of the abattoir swung wildly about, tangling and knotting and crashing into one another. One buried itself painfully in Chariah's thigh, but he dared not reach down and extract it.
The Tantradox swung crazily from its flaming, broken, dripping knee, hanging on by a few thin shreds of sinew that were ripping and thinning by the moment. The Geryon Baal'Striga reared to the side as the Oneirophage rammed the Megafiend with his own sentient vessel. Large chunks of white stone loosened and fell like boulders. A second later, the entire Megafiend fell to the ground, landing upright and intact, but laced with cracks and fissures. The body of the Geryon Baal'Striga was pinned beneath it, trapped under its front turret, with the weight of the entire edifice crushing her back, spine, and tail. 
The force of the crash-landing severed the Tantradox's leg at the knee, leaving its amputated part behind, spitted upon the meathook like a cannibal's sweetmeat, oozing blood and blackened pus. The sign of the pentagram having been sundered and destroyed, the Hellfire immediately abated. The Tantradox tumbled to the ground below. 
The Tantradox rose to its feet and began limping through the abattoir. Meanwhile, the Oneirophage was ramming the fortress again, making it shiver like earthquakes and poltergeists. The Necrodelic had disappeared once more into the chains and hooks, and the Tantradox was not foolish enough to believe he had died in the crash. Warily, Drelrei and Junisia made their way through the slaughterhouse, Drelrei using the dangling chains for leverage to compensate for his amputated leg. Every rustle of iron, every flicker of shadow, made the Tantradox's skin jump. They scanned the hanging slaughterhouse constantly with all four eyes, peering around dying beasts and large slabs of meat before continuing on. Cautiously, the wounded Siamese twins made their exit, spreading the last row of meathooks open with both hands to make one last desperate attempt at survival.
The Necrodelic crawled along the ceiling like a fly, as smooth as a shadow, slipping in and out of darknesses, creeping upside-down like a spider. He traveled unseen and unheard. He rustled neither chain nor hook. His claws, hands, and feet made no sound upon the ceiling, nor the shackles inserted within. At no point was any part of his body glimpsed, not even his shadow. He did not breathe as he stalked, nor did his heart beat. Completely silent and undetected, he arrived at the place where he calculated the Drelrei and Junisia would make their exit long before they did. Like a drop of liquid night, he swung down directly in front of them. Dangling by his fists from two chains, he slowly lowered himself in front of the frozen Tantradox, extending the full length of his black body before them with perfect muscle control, flexing his chiseled biceps and triceps, straightening himself before the four eyes of the terrified Siamese twins so that they could behold him for one last time in all his evil splendor, then dropping quietly to his feet before them.
The Tantradox swung drunkenly from the meathook chains they grasped and started to retreat. Chariah fixed his crimson eye contact upon them, and their four eyes began to smoke and melt. The Tantradox stumbled, entangled in the chains, then began to flee as best it could with its missing leg. The Necrodelic let them run for a couple moments more, remembering how they had bound and gagged him during those intolerable hours of dragging torture. He let their primal animal fear reach a precipitous stiletto zenith, their heartbeat accelerating to a crimson, palpitating crescendo, hormones and endorphins coursing through their veins like venom and overdoses of psychedelic drugs, and then the demon charged. 
Chariah brushed aside chains and meathooks as he raced through the abattoir, his lips curled back over his shimmering black fangs in a silent, feral growl. He knocked aside corpses and living meat with furious intensity, leaving many on the ground in his wake, sidestepping swinging hooks with frightening dexterity as he wove his way through the labyrinth, zeroing in on his prey. The last several yards between the Tantradox and himself the Necrodelic took at a full sprint, spearing them in the chest like a black comet and running straight through them, hoisting them into the air as he did so and then sinking his claws into their armpits to bear them cruciform through the abattoir at blinding speed. Chains became silver flashes, meathooks grinning madness, swinging before and behind them, each one hurtling with its sharp point extended as if it desired to be the one that skewered the Tantradox. Corpses and slabs of meat became nightmarish ephemera, gruesome dripping phantasmagoria spinning insanely around their heads. The entire abattoir blurred past the dilated, frantic eyes of the Tantradox as the Necrodelic bore them in one extended taurean fit of battering ram insanity that seemed to last for hours, yet took place in mere seconds. Meathooks swung back and forth, narrowly avoiding them but gradually coming closer and closer. It was as though they were sprinting through tunnels of falling guillotine blades, dropping faster and faster and faster and faster. The Necrodelic ran with the Tantradox crucified on his claws until, finally, two twin, glinting meathooks hung directly in their path. The Necrodelic quickened with one final burst of speed, charging forward, drunk on death, and impaled the Tantradox on both of the meathooks, one through the back of Drelrei and one through the back of Junisia.
The Tantradox swung crazily from the meathooks, causing all the other meathooks around them to clash and ricochet and tangle. The meathooks dug deep into the flesh of the Tantradox, impaling them through their entrails and stomachs, severing their spines, and protruding from their torsoes through their solar plexuses. Blood rained as they hung, in drip-drop patterns on the ground. Trying to scream, they coughed up blood, then vomited more blood down their chests.
The Necrodelic stood before them with black patience, waiting for the meathooks to swing back. When they did, he reached up and seized Drelrei's genitals with his left hand.With one violent motion he castrated the incubus, ripping off his immense phallus and his ten testicles, then holding them up bleeding and dripping in his hand like a trophy. As the Tantradox looked on, swaying gently now from the meathooks, Chariah closed his fist around the severed genitals, squeezing them to a crimson pulp that leaked between his fingers and ran down his arm. When the Necrodelic opened his palm, there was nothing left except bloodstains, scarlet droplets, and thin shriveled bits of skin falling lightly to the ground.
As the Tantradox watched in horror, Chariah reached towards the ceiling with his right hand and grasped the heretofore unnoticed hilt of the Soul Cleaver, which had remained stuck in the stone of the ceiling where he'd sheathed it.  He drew the crimson blade down while the Tantradox's eyes dilated even further, and they began to weep uncontrollably, for they knew the doom that was to come. Silently, Chariah gripped the handle of the sorcerous broadsword with both hands. He raised it over his head, and then brought it down with one swift, arching strike that landed between the heads of Drelrei and Junisia at the exact spot of their surgical conjoinment, then sliced the Tantradox in half as cleanly as razorwire and as suddenly as a thunderbolt, so that the crimson blade of the Soul Cleaver resheathed itself in the ground just as it had been sheathed moments ago in the ceiling above. The severed bodies of the Tantradox swung wildly on their meathooks, swinging and twisting and colliding as blood and teardrops poured onto the ground. Chariah finally brought their ricocheting, dismembered bodies to a halt with his black palms. He established eye contact with each of them one last time, forever branding his face upon their souls, and then he plunged his right hand into the vagina of Junisia and his left hand into the gaping castration wound of Drelrei. With a spray of blood, his hands forced their way upwards, leaving Junisia's womb in tatters and Drelrei's thoracic cavity in shreds. His arms shot violently through their bodies, his claws tearing through every organ, tissue, and bone in their path, until the Necrodelic's arms were buried almost to the shoulders inside his prey. His fists closed around their thundering hearts, and then he withdrew his arms from their bodies in an explosion of gore, artescerating them through vagina and castrated crotch simultaneously.
Chariah held his arms out cruciform as Drelrei and Junisia died, a heart in each hand, and then, with his head tilted back in ecstasy, he squeezed each heart to a liquid pulp in his fists, feeling them explode in his palms. He raised his arms slowly overhead, still cruciform, so that the blood could run all over his body, and he stayed in that position for one timeless, eternal moment, deep in a meditative trance, surging with glorious black energies in the psychedelic intoxication of a vengeance exacted and a mission complete.
An eternity later, Chariah returned to his senses to find the Megafiend being rammed by the Oneirophage once again, and beginning to lift off the ground. He quickly removed the corpses of the Tantradox from the meathooks, slinging Junisia's limp carcass over his right shoulder and Drelrei's over his left. As the Geryon Baal'Striga began beating her wings and the Megafiend took flight again, Chariah was left standing all alone in the middle of the garden planet. He whistled once for the Omnibeast, entered through the mouth of the Overdragon, and disappeared.
Meanwhile, the Oneirophage and Hydraman stood in the cavernous maw of Serpentikal, continuously ramming the stationary Megafiend until Serpentikal was bruised and ensanguined. The blows dislodged the tail of the Geryon Baal'Striga from beneath its frontal turret, and the terrified, wounded avian fertility demoness began frantically beating her wings. The Megafiend budged and then was airborne once more, with Serpentikal following in close pursuit.
The two halves of the Janus Kraken had been assimilated into Phantasmagorika and were now part of the Oneirophage's bestial spaceship, forming the second and third figureheads of the nearly-completed Metasaur. The reptilian spaceship sped through the skies at greater speeds than ever before, in pursuit of the three-headed thunderbird and the Megafiend. The wounded monstrosity was only able to flee for a few minutes, and then the Oneirophage urged the Metasaur to ram her and her attached edifice at the speed of light. The blow severed the Geryon Baal'Striga from the Megafiend and the avian demon fell dead through the skies. The fortress of the Megafiend itself was sent spinning into space from the force of the blow, careening through the atmosphere and breaking the bonds of the dying planet's waning gravitational pull to spiral derelictly into the unknown depths of the cosmos.
The Oneirophage now skimmed the surface of Elasvai in his reptilian spaceship, sucking up its remaining live organisms with his Darkprism before the Necrodelic destroyed the planet. As he soared past a bloodstained garden, the flicker of a glittering, crimson edge caught his attention. He looked closely, and saw that the Soul Cleaver had been sheathed in a freshly-spilled puddle of blood.
The Darkprism, when used from a distance, could only absorb organic matter, so he would have to retrieve the sword by hand. There was little time left, but the Soul Cleaver was a precious bauble and powerful relic that he felt he must possess, to accompany the handheld iron maiden which was already displayed in his weapons gallery.
Directing Serpentikal to land the Metasaur, the Oneirophage clambered quickly down snake king's massive throat and rushed over to the ensorcelled blade. Pulling on its hilt, he lifted it from the ground and turned to ascend back into his spaceship, but the Metasaur was already lifting off without him.
With a piercing and cacophonous susurration the Oneirophage ran the short distance to where Serpentikal was rising. He leapt into the air, but the Metasaur was faster. His long fingernails scraped Serpentikal's underbelly, but he was already at the apex of his leap, hundreds of feet in the air. He whipped out the Umbilicus and shot the straw apparatus out like a grappling hook. It lodged in the ridged scales of Serpentikal's underbelly, and he began to pull himself up.
Just then, another Umbilicus, identical to his in shape and sorcerous power, shot down from Serpentikal's mouth and dislodged his own. A pneuma then blasted through the alien straw into his like a gust of wind, sending him plummeting back to the ground. As he looked up, he caught a glimpse of himself in Serpentikal's maw, and Siamese twin brontosauruses atop the giant ophidian figurehead's hood. Morpheus Rex had stolen the Metasaur.
The Oneirophage fell to the ground as the Hellfires began. He watched the Omnibeast orbit Elasvai like a black moon, spreading flames across the garden planet. The Overdragon hurled fireballs while the Necrodelic performed his pyromancies from its sulfurous maw, raising massive conflagrations, giant firewalls, and blazing tsunamis, as well as unleashing spontaneous combustions and random explosions. The Necrodelic was bringing Hell to Elasvai. Unfortunately for the Oneirophage, it looked as though this very same act of destruction was going to bring him to Hell.
The Oneirophage lay himself down in a flowerbed of blue asphodel and black crocus and prepared to die. He breathed in the perfumes of burning drugs as the gardens blazed all around him and all across the planet, and relaxed. At peace and at one, he closed his eyes as the flames approached his body, and then fell unconscious from smoke inhalation. Thus it was that he never saw the large chiropteran shadow of Democubus descending on hooked wings through the billowing smoke, never felt the hooked hands of his soulmate cradling him against his hooked chest, and never witnessed the passing galaxies as he was borne through the cosmos to the Moons of Dread. As Democubus and the Oneirophage flew off into space, the serpentine indentation of the Dreaming Predator on the flowerbed which he had thought would be his deathbed slowly kindled and then burst into flame, in an exact replica of his outline, and then Elasvai exploded, Dzandra burst into topaz supernova, and the garden planet was no more.

44

The sundered halves of the Tantradox floated within the Bloodbong. Hellfire arose from the interplanal portal on the floor, and blood began to boil, red steam filled the chamber, and roseate condensation bedewed the labyrinthine and mandalic network of twisted tubes and vessels, glass arteries and veins, that comprised the intricate flesh-smoking pipe. The Necrodelic, seated in the black lotus position with the mouthpiece of the Bloodbong betwixt his ebon lips, meditated with his crimson, glowing eyes wide open. He inhaled, and Junisia's skin began to crack and fissure, to blister and suppurate, the open wound left by the meathook in her impaled back dilating and leaking blood and vertebrae into the incandescent plasma. Chariah exhaled and blasted the skin from Drelrei, decorticating his cadaver with a gust of hot, violent, desert winds.
The skinless corpse of Drelrei floated with scarlet muscles, tissues, and membranes exposed, flayed of its entire integument by the simoom of the Necrodelic's breath. Chariah siphoned more necrodelia from the Bloodbong, smoking Junisia's eyes from their sockets and opening holes all over her body like a bloody honeycomb of flesh. She hovered before the transparent glass of the heart-chamber like some tormented mutation afflicted with hundreds of bodily orifices, each leaking, spurting, and spraying blood, pus, and gore. A caliginous pneuma blew the lips and tongue from Drelrei's mouth and the nose and eyelids from his face, as well as the black spaded scales from his head, back and tail, which drifted along the vermilion currents and sometimes shattered against the walls and floor of the pipe. The withdrawal of that pneuma scalped Junisia, ripping the black hair from her head by the roots with the skin of her face attached, lips, tongue, cheeks, nose, eyelids, and all. Her face quickly dissipated, leaving her scalplock to float like detritus upon the bubbling surface of boiling blood. Chariah breathed out once more, and the gaping wound in Drelrei's crotch where he had been castrated grew wider, slitting his torso to the sternum while two large flaps of muscle and tissue quivered like manta rays around the dripping laceration, revealing the gory cavern where his heart had once beat, now ringed by crimson stalactites of gore and severed arteries. The Necrodelic suckled, and the black nipples of Junisia were severed, followed by her entire breasts, ripped from her chest to explode with the sound of sizzling animal fat inside the Bloodbong. Beneath her ribs, the empty cavity left by her artescerated heart could now be seen, her empty, torn aorta gaping like a crimson vivisected serpent in the bloody void. Impaling Drelrei with the force of his black air, Chariah further enlarged the gash in his torso and eviscerated the incubus, his intestines falling to the base of the pipe to wave about like vampiric anemones. The Necrodelic performed cunnilingus upon the mouthpiece of the Bloodbong, and Junisia's hundredfold labia shivered and fell off, one by one, like the petals of a flower blossom, the severed lobes of flesh scattering in the currents of vermilion ichor as though along gentle breezes. Her ten clitorises were severed, and then her vagina was torn into a giant stigmata from her thighs to her gullet, vivisecting the succubus so that all her internal organs from her womb in a steady cortege, a grotesque parody of childbirth. Chariah ejaculated a jetstream of black smoke from his mouth, blowing all the organs from Drelrei as well, to spin and ricochet around the blood-filled heart chamber in little whirlpools as they joined the spilled innards of their mate. Dark inspiration decapitated Junisia, and dark expiration did the same to her former Siamese twin, their severed heads floating and sinking and then rising up through the currents again. Chariah breathed twice, and both tails were ripped from broken spines, the club of Junisia's ankylosaurus tail and the mace of Drelrei's stegosaurus tail floating like mortally wounded sea serpents in the broiling plasma. Two more breaths ripped all the remaining tissue from their skeletons, and then those skeletons themselves began to blacken and unhinge and clatter to the golgotha of the pipe-chamber's floor. Chariah then smoked each one of their internal organs and every single bone of their skeletons individually, one by one, in slow succession, inhaling to disintegrate those of Junisia and exhaling to explode those of Drelrei. He saved their severed heads for last, slowly smoking their skulls and the brains still encased therein for over an hour. 
After he had smoked the entire Tantradox, piece by bloody piece, the Necrodelic's eyes fluttered shut and he fell into a deeply meditative and psychedelic trance. He remembered the battles that had taken place on the now-destroyed garden planet of Elasvai, and contemplated the myriad battles yet to come. He philosophized about the singularity of his dark soul, the oneness of evil he had attained over billions of incarnations, which could neither be reduced nor sundered into smaller portions. He reflected upon the drug of vengeance, the black euphoria he had felt upon slaying the Tantradox, the bloody orgasm of revenge and the tantalizing games of combat leading up to it, a dark nirvana which rivaled the intoxication of betrayal he had felt upon the aceldamas of Grystiawa after incinerating Spidratha. They were each two aspects of a greater drug, the all-encompassing oversoul of necrodelia, which was his path to the salvation of the Jh'a'vyraa. Chariah now walked that long path of samsara victoriously, his crimson eyes blazing with triumph, his black brain saturated with evil, and his dark soul surging with confidence, for he was the most powerful demon the cosmos had ever spawned, the scourge of the galaxies, the genocider of a decillion races, the slayer of both space and time, the alpha male of the universe, and in his mind he had already become the Messiah of Death. 
