One Second Beyond Twilight

A paranormal-supernatural mystery

By:

Dallas Releford

Published by
Dallas Releford at Smashwords.com

One Second Beyond Twilight
Copyright (C) 2011 Dallas Releford

* * * * *

This book is a work of fiction. References to real people, places, events, organizations, areas, or loca­tions are intended to provide a feeling of au­thenticity and are used in a fictitious manner. All other char­acters, dialogue and incidents are drawn from the author’s imagination and shouldn’t be ac­cepted as real. 

No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without explicit permission from the author or publisher except in brief quota­tions used in an article or in a similar way. 

Smashwords Edition, License notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. The ebook may not be re-sold or given to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 

* * * *

Dedication

I would like to thank my wife Sharon for her understanding while I was writing this book. She passed away on August 18, 2010. She is dearly missed. Sharon will forever be on my mind and always in my heart.
I would also like to thank my agent and typist, Harriet Smith and Martin Smith, my advisor and typist. Their hard work and dedication has made this book much better than it would have been without them.
Credit is also due to my lawyer, Daniel C. Atwood and my financial advisor Ova Helton, Jr. for their sound advice. 
I am also grateful to many other people who kept me going through tough times I have faced in the last seven months. 

* * * * * * * * * *



ONE SECOND BEYOND TWILIGHT

(A paranormal mystery)

By

Dallas Releford

There are millions of other universes. They are as mysterious as our own universe. Physical laws of science that apply here often do not apply there. Sometimes, these universes randomly overlap into our universe and strange, horrible things happen that we do not understand. When we die we have the option of staying here or traveling to those faraway places. Death is just the next stage into another reality called the after-life. In this story, we will meet people who are already on the other side and have stepped One Second Beyond Twilight.

Event 1

There was nothing unusual about the way Elton Markham worked all night and came home at eleven o'clock with his sick wife on his mind. Sheri was always on his mind. He had been taking care of her for so long he had developed a routine that was unequaled in his life. There were variations of his techniques though, no doubt about that, especially when she called him at work and told him she had fallen on the floor and didn't have enough strength left in her disease ravaged body to get herself up. Things like that broke his heart. It really did. She'd had one such incident only last week. It was a shame, a shame indeed that he could not get help for someone as loving and caring as she was. From the beginning he knew he'd have to go it alone because neither Medicaid nor the local office of Family Services was willing to help. That too was a doggone shame. 
The government was willing to help everyone in other countries. However, they neglected their own people. That was okay though. He would make it and so would his wife. They'd made it this far, hadn't they? 
The name on the paycheck he had in his pocket was Elton Markham. His wife's name, bless her heart, was Sheri Markham. His job as a security guard barely paid the rent but they were grateful for what they had. They'd manage. They would get through all this and when they did, they would have to reevaluate the value of their friends. Sheri would get well, beat the cancer and they would have a lot of time to travel and do other things they wanted to do. Of course, that would depend on how many books Elton could sell and so far, he hadn't sold very many. 
Elton had traveled these roads with his wife hundreds of times. Sometimes, they had worked at the same place so they were able to ride to work together. Those were happy times when they both were in good health and the bills were getting paid. Those were happy times when they stopped and got a pizza and went home where they sat out on the deck and looked at the stars wondering when the good times would end. They worked in a nursing home in Springdale, Ohio where she spent her hours as a nursing assistant and he struggled as a security officer constantly hoping that he would one day be something else. His dream had always been to make enough money so she would not have to work. Even though she liked her job, the stress was taking its toll on her and he knew that it would only be a matter of time before it got to her, permanently. 
Turning right on Adams and then onto Elizabeth Street, he sighed and tried to assure himself that she would be okay when he got home. It was the same nightmare every night when he had to work and leave her at home alone. That was perhaps the most painful thing for him to do, to go away to work and leave her there to suffer alone in the old dark house where ghosts of past dwellers lived. Each night as he approached the house where they lived on a dead end street he prayed that she would be okay and that he would not find her on the floor with a broken leg, or worse yet, in bed not breathing. Once he had loved the night except now the night surrounded him with a cloak of darkness that terrified him. She was alone in that darkness probably sitting in front of the big screen television watching the cooking channel. Wasn't that the way it always ended? 
As he got closer to the house, his heart beat faster and a sense of intense dread immersed itself into his being as if his blood flowed with the terror he felt. Dread was part of reality and he knew that it was just one of many emotions he would have to conquer before it dominated him. He turned right on Rugg Street and in the darkness illuminated only by a single streetlight he saw the wood frame white house they had called home for almost thirty years. He knew it had been home for thirty years because they had almost been married that long. A long time to watch someone slowly deteriorate and then die, he thought. Trying hard to remove that thought from his memory he pulled into the driveway. This was it, for better or worse, for richer or poorer, he was about to see the love of his life again. 
Elton couldn't believe that he had seen her just eight hours ago, or maybe nine if you counted the time it took him to drive to work and drive home. He'd talked to her a couple of times on his cell phone from work even though the company he worked for had outlawed cell phones. He kept one in his shirt pocket anyway. It was necessary that she be able to call him in case of an emergency. Sheri didn't have too many other people to depend on. When the chips were down on the ground, real friends were truly scarce.
When he pulled the old 2004 Chevrolet Malibu into the driveway the first thing he noticed was that the house was dark. She always left the light on in the front room and usually a light by her bed. The outside lights were controlled by motion detectors that came on when anyone came into the driveway or neared the house. Elton had installed them when they moved to the house in 1986. It was his way of protecting her. He had always protected Sheri every way that he could think of. With a racing heart pumping blood through his veins he felt rushed, urged to get right out of that car before it came to a halt. He'd put it in Park and get into the house as fast as he could. Something was wrong. Was this finally how it would end? Would it end with him finding her in bed, dead as a doornail or was she just sleeping. He dreaded finding out because if she were dead, that would be the end of his world.
Something deep in his mind told him that everything was all rightthat it just had to be fineso he sat there with his fingers squeezing the steering wheel wondering if the voice in his mind, the one he had named Harvey, could be right. Elton knew, as he always knew, that the only way he'd really know if Sheri was okay was to get his butt out of the car and go see for himself. He wanted, and needed Harvey to be right tonight just as he was every time Elton came home. 
He was a Gemini which explained why he heard a voice that dwelled in his mind and sometimes attempted to take over his life. Harvey didn't like Sheri very much because she took so much of Elton's time and because she was constantly in Elton's mind. In fact, most of Elton's thoughts and memories were of her. It was just that Harvey was the jealous type and Elton resented him for that. Elton had learned to tolerate Harvey because there didn't seem to be any way he could get rid of him, even when he tried hard. Now, as he sat in the Malibu thinking about the past and of all the things that had happened to him and Sheri in their twenty nine years of marriage, he wished he could snap his fingers and make everything the way it should be. However, there was nothing he could do except take care of her the best he could. 
With a troubled mind, and trembling hands he opened the door, got out of the car and opened the trunk. With his lunchbox in his hand he looked around him gazing into the darkness beyond the light from the security lights to see if any of the neighbors were still up. Few were awake at eleven thirty on a Friday night. Walking to the mailbox he opened the lid and checked the mail. His social security check was buried in a bundle of advertisements and the telephone bill had mud on it. Obviously, the mailman had dropped it. He was really a negligent person who clearly wasn't performing to the fine standards of the US Postal Service. Tossing the junk mail into the garbage can as he made his way to the back steps that led up on the deck he had built more than twenty five years ago, he pulled his keys out of his pocket and inserted one into the lock. Glancing at the security camera's on the wall by the door he wondered if his stomach was really as bulging as the cameras portrayed it to be. Doesn't matter, he said to Harvey. I'm not fat or overweight at all. I'm just an average sixty four year old male who has a sick wife. The work and worry has taken care of the excess weight and I don't have to worry about it. That is a funny way to lose weight though. Starving myself because I don't have time to eat right is a painful way to loose weight, I must admit although it does work quite well. 
Inside, he went through the same routine he'd practiced for the last four years. The stairway was dark and so was the kitchen. He listened to see if he could hear her coughing or maybe hear the sound of the television. For a reason he never understood, unless she was listening for someone to knock on the back door, she kept the volume low on the television. Most of the time he couldn't hear it when he was sitting within ten feet of it. He loved her dearly, no matter what she did. If she spent all the money they had, which she never had actually done, he still would fuss a little and then forgive her. 
Turning the kitchen light on, he put his lunch box on the counter and walked into the bedroom. She wasn't in bed. His heart jumped when he realized that the television was not on in the living room. Where was she? His cataracts prohibited him from seeing well. Hell, he was mighty lucky just to be able to drive to work, especially in the dark. Normally, she would be in the living room, sitting on the couch watching television, in the bathroom throwing up or in bed coughing. The chemo treatments she'd been taking for over three years now had taken its toll on her, bless her heart. She was one heck of a fighter and he admired her for that. The ovarian cancer had moved into her stomach and the walls of her stomach. Her doctors had told her that she would not live for a couple of years, but so far, she had proven them wrong. She had lived almost four years, to date. Bless her soul, she was a fighter with a zeal that anyone could appreciate. 
Standing in the living room he looked at the couch and then searched the bedroom with his eyes. Something was wrong here. Something was different and things weren't as they should be. Was he crazy? Was his diabetes acting up again? Perhaps he was getting Alzheimer's just like Mr. Jenkins down the street. He wandered all over the neighborhood and sometimes forgot where home was. Elton had that feeling now as if he didn't belong here and that this wasn't really his home. He felt alone. Everything was unfamiliar and for a few moments he thought he was in the wrong house. What was wrong? What made him feel that he'd been here before and that he didn't belong? Was he truly in his own home and just didn't recognize it?
The couch wasn't the same one Sheri always sat on and the brass bed in the living room was gone. In place of the old 40 inch television Sheri had always watched was a sixty inch Sony complete with an extravagant sound system. The old coffee table was not in its usual place. It had the Sony flat screen television sitting on it. Even the paint on the walls was new and different. New carpets covered the floors and the curtains had been changed. Even Sheri was gone. Where was she?
Memories flooded his mind like the Mississippi River flooding rich farmlands. When she went to bed she usually coughed. That led to more coughing and then the terrible bouts of vomiting. She spent more time in the bathroom than she did in bed. The cancer was getting worse, and he knew it, because she could barely keep anything at all on her stomach. He wondered how much longer she had to live and tears filled his eyes. 
Elton sat down on the couch and put his head in his hands. He realized the truth just as tears flowed from his eyes and searing pain flooded through every cell in his body. He knew the truth now. He knew the terrible truth that he could never accept unless he was home.
Sheri died a year ago on August 18th, 2010. The other terrible truth was that today was August 18th, 2011. Sheri had been dead a year today.

1

* * * * *

ONE SECOND BEYOND TWILIGHT

Event 2

It was past midnight before Elton Markham finally pulled himself togetherlike he thought Humpty Dumpty might have done in a magical momentbrushed away the tears and told himself that YES, he was in the home they had shared for almost thirty years and YES, he had been fantasizing again because he could not face the horrible truth of his wife's death. He was a broken soul lost in the past and with no future. Grief was a monster that gave you nothing and took everything leaving an empty heart where love had dwelled. It wasn't the diabetes that plagued him and it wasn't Alzheimer's sneaking up on him, it was just the stress of everything that had happened to them piling up on him like a deluge of hail from the sky. It was the same stress he had felt for the last four or five years. Every morning of each new day he laid there for a long time trying to remember everything before he even put his foot on the floor. He had to convince himself that terrible things had happened before he could even begin a new day. However, sometimes, it was too much for him and he lapsed into a stupor where he thought that nothing had happened, that Sheri was still here with him and that everything was going to be all right. It never was all right since she died. And, it would never be the same again. 
Mixing reality with fantasy was a deadly combination like mixing sulfur, charcoal and potassium nitrate to make gunpowder, and Elton knew that as well as he knew that he was running from the truth every chance he got. He had known she was dead except he just couldn't get it straight in his mind that she was really gone. It wasn't something that was easy to accept. He could never forget her, no way. Her death was something he was not willing to accept and that was that.
Tonight was like most other nights when he came home from work and faced the harsh reality. By midnight he'd relived their lives since the day they got married in 1982. That was a lot of information to cram into anyone's mind, much less an aging senior citizen who was already under enough stress to send him plummeting into virtual insanity. Elton was a lost explorer traveling through a land where few had been before and where few wanted to go. Death was the only master and it was heartless and cared nothing for its victims. Grief took all the love you once had and mailed it to another universe in a black envelope without a stamp on it. Some people managed to keep the love they had so carefully grown and nurtured locked safely away in their hearts and minds after their loved one was gone. Elton had managed to keep his love for Sheri fresh and clean like a spring rain, so far. He had vowed that he would never forget her and he'd never get married again. 
The house was dark even with the light in the living room on and the table lamp on the stand by the bedroom door burning like a dim candle in a dark desert. This fact brought visions of Sheri sitting in front of the television with only the light in the living room on. What misery she must have suffered in those days before her unfortunate demise, he conjectured before finally getting up from the couch and changed his clothes. He loathed the uniform he wore because he had wore it so much when she was living. It was the job that had taken him away from her most of all. The security company he worked for wasn't human oriented. For every day he had to miss to take care of her they made him work a make-up day. They were to blame for some of his anxiety. That was for sure.
When he was back into his civilian attire againa green polio shirt and jeanshe walked through the darkened room and stepped out into cool August air. It hadn't rained for two months, just like it hadn't rained during the time she was the sickest. The air had been dry, the earth parched and the sky was always cloudless. He remembered that most of all about the final days and it brought more tears to his eyes. Sometimes, the temperature index had been over 105 degrees.
He could remember her clearly and every memory was like a hot, flaming arrow shot directly into his throbbing heart.
He paid for memories of her with pain. Lots of pain.
The one thing he tried not to remember was the day she died. That had too much finality to it.
In the darkness, he sat down in a chair on the deck and attempted to remember how it was and how it all began. Feeling as if he was being watched, a common fear since even before she'd died, he sat there searching the darkness with his eyes wondering if someone or some thing was really watching him or if it was just his imagination. He knew Sheri visited him sometimes. He could never see her. Hoping for at least a glimpse of her, he let his eyes probe the darkness always upbeat because he thought he might see her, if he looked hard enough. 
As a cool breeze brushed his face he remembered that they had met when two friends, husband and wife, introduced them in 1981. Their names were John and Becky Staul. John had worked for Elton as a security officer at a toy manufacturer in Oakley, Ohio and Becky had worked with Sheri at a nursing home as a secretary. Sheri and Elton had instantly connected and that resulted in several dates and Elton eventually moving in with her. Their intention was to find out if they could live together without mishap. She'd been married before. She lost her first husband to cancer a couple of years before meeting Elton. They got along, the two of them, and managed to live on their meager salaries. Six months later, in October, they were married. Elton got a job as a security officer at the nursing and retirement home where Sheri and Becky worked. Things had gone well for almost twelve years. In 1990, Elton earned his degrees in computer science and left the nursing home. From that day on things began to crumble and the mountain trembled. 
Elton found out that breaking into the computer field was difficult and he stumbled through many jobs before he found suitable employment. During those hard years Sheri stood by him constantly encouraging him no matter how bad the situation got. She always had faith in him and he had faith in her even when he didn't have faith in himself. Somehow, they both had made it and were reasonably happy. There was no doubt in his mind that she loved him and that she would always love him, no matter where she was or would be. She had taken him in, almost a complete stranger, and fed him with love and food. How could he ever forget her or betray her in any way? He knew he could never do that and didn't even want to consider it. 
He had always wanted to be a writer since he was twelve years old when he wrote his first novel, called, SOMETHING WHISPERS, a story about his young life and an alien being. He didn't think much about that first attempt and meant to rewrite it some day but there never seemed to be enough time to do so. In 1995, he had started a part-time business writing computer technical books and editing books for other companies. He'd done well and they managed to get the house fixed up they had bought in 1987. Elton remembered when they used to work the same shift, three until eleven, when they used to come home, sit on the deck and look at the stars. He also remembered weekends when John and Becky would bring the kids over and they'd fire up the grill. Those were good memories and not all of their lives had been agonizing. Times were so good that he had wondered when it would all end. He had hoped it would never end, but there was no way he could ensure that.
In 1988 they had built Ronald Reagan Highway almost in front of his house. The noise bothered him and sometimes he could not sleep at night because of it. Before the highway came, it had been quiet and they had been able to hear the songs of the crickets and other creatures in the cool woods nearby. Elton and Sheri had enjoyed many cool nights on the deck before the road came. The construction and the noise had driven the animals and the insects away. Now, he could only hear a few crickets that braved the noise and the smog from the vehicles traveling on the highway nearby. Things had changed. Nothing would be the same ever again. Not for him anyway.
After the destruction of the woods many things changed. In 1995 Sheri got Bells Palsy. Her face was swollen and they feared she'd had a stroke. The doctor had told them that it would eventually go away so Elton got on the internet and read everything he could about the illness. Somebody said that love and care would cure the ailment. So, he massaged her face and neck and gave her all the loving care he could muster. In a few days, it was gone but the scar and the fear was there. Things had changed and were continuing to change. Once you were on that roller coaster it was difficult to get off without getting hurt. Life came with no guarantees. Once it started, sickness was hard to prevent.
Working a full-time job, most of the time, he wrote several novels and sent them out to publishers. Every manuscript came back with a rejection slip attached to it. Feeling the brute force of rejection and despair he kept on writing hoping to write the one that would earn them enough money so Sheri would no longer have to work. That was his dream and his objective. It was that dream that kept him going through disappointment and bad days. It was her encouragement and faith in him that kept him going. It was her wish that he continued writing that kept him half-way going now. The love he had always felt for her helped him to get out of bed every morning and face a new day.
Sheri had a sister and brother-in-law. They lived in West Virginia. Her sisters name was Harriet Jones and her husband was called Martin. Sometimes, they visited. Elton could remember their visits as being pleasant and they almost always went out to dinner. They still came to see him because he couldn't travel to see them. His diabetes was taking a toll on his eyes. 
In 1998, Elton became sick and went to the doctor. He was diagnosed with colon cancer. The operation took seven hours and he was in recovery for six hours. Sheri stood by him through the entire ordeal. That had been in April of 1998. A tornado had passes within two miles of the hospital when he was there and within three miles of his home. His wife had been at home by herself. She had gone to the basement and then went on to work that day. The tornado came through at about five thirty in the morning when most people were sleeping or getting ready to go to work. He called her from the hospital and was relieved when she answered the phone. It seemed to him that when she needed him the most he was not there. Those memories plagued him often. He felt sorry that he had been unable to be with her to give her comfort and help if she needed it. He was in the hospital for three days and it took him almost two weeks to recover. During it all he worked with a laptop on his bed and a telephone nearby. Sheri worked and came home to take care of him. Years later, he would do the same thing for her when she got cancer.
Now, it was just quiet and lonely on the deck all by himself and he couldn't even see the stars anymore. The exhaust fumes from the vehicles on the highway clouded the sky and the lights from streetlights blotted out the stars. 
When they first moved to the house on Rugg Street Sheri told him one day that she could hear footsteps in the attic when he was gone. Elton had never been superstitious and didn't really believe in ghosts. They had moved their bed up into the room upstairs. There was barely room for anyone to stand upright but they had little space downstairs so they learned to live with it. Elton had completely forgotten about Sheri telling him about the footsteps until one night he was trying to catch a few extra winks while she was at work. It was about eight at night, in the summertime when he had dozed off. He was awakened by the sound of someone talking and footsteps on the stairs. Thinking that someone had broken into the house he jerked awake and grabbed a baseball bat he kept for home defense. Searching the house he could find nothing. However, after that he always had the feeling that he wasn't alone up in the attic and that someone was always watching him.
Attributing it all to his active imagination, he had gone back to bed. Nothing else happened that night. When his wife came home at eleven o'clock he told her about what he'd heard and that he thought someone was watching him. She revealed that when she was in the basement that she was sure someone was down there with her and that someone was watching her. Years of working in a technical environment and in security had taught him to never jump to conclusions. 
"Maybe it's just squirrels in the attic or in the walls or something," he explained. "Let me take a look up there tomorrow and I'll check out the basement too."
She'd agreed. They had gone up the stairs together. Nothing else happened when they were together. It was when they were alone that the disturbances happened most often. 
Matters got progressively worse as time passed. One of the neighbors, a senior lady with the name of Margaret Hanson said she'd lived next to the house Sheri and Elton had bought since she was in her early twenties. She was a school teacher. She was about seventy-two when she told Elton one evening that an old man had owned the house for many years. He had died in the house. Apparently, she hadn't liked him and Elton thought she was an excellent judge of character. The old lady said that the man had been evil, that he was involved with gambling and gangsters in some way. He had lived there during the heyday of the gangsters in the 1930s. That thought had sent shivers down Elton's spine and made him wonder if something wasn't wrong with the house. 
Elton told his wife about what she said and carefully checked the attic and basement. He could not find any indication that animals had gotten into the house. As far as he could determine, there wasn't any logical explanation for what they had heard. 
Unable to sleep in the attic they had moved the bed back downstairs. Those incidents had occurred in the early days of their relationship, in the 1980s. Sheri had heard that if you place a cross or a crucifix in the location of the disturbances that the events will stop. So, she placed them all over the house, especially in the basement and the attic. For a while, it seemed to help, except they never were without the ghost, or whatever it was, completely. 
One night while Sheri was at work Elton was working at this computer in the bedroom downstairs. He was working on a computer program that he was going to use at work for the security department. It was about six o'clock and still light outside. It was in the summer. He could remember that he appreciated the air conditioner in the window near him. The temperature outside was over ninety degrees. He smoked then. A cigarette was in an ashtray on the desk near him. The curls of smoke arose almost to the ceiling. Suddenly, he noticed that the swirls of smoke were moving away from him toward a dark corner of the room. Terrified, he was attentive as the smoke took on the shape of a human except there was no facial features that he could recognize. Elton was paralyzed from his head to his toes.
"Stop smoking or suffer the consequences," a distant voice said with a slight echo effect to it. Then there was mad laughter that faded slowly into somewhere else.
The smoke dissipated just as quickly as it had been formed. 
For a long time Elton thought he had been dreaming and that the fear would go away. By the time his wife got home from work, he had convinced himself of it. Except, there was doubt every time he looked at that dark corner. He never was the same after that.
The crosses seemed to help. They had lived there for several months before his wife told him about strange happenings at work. That incident first happened in July of 1989. The nursing home where they worked had once been a home for unwed mothers meaning that many women had died there and sometimes their babies died. In the late summer of 1989, nursing assistants on the third floor of the Nursing Care Unit, or hospital, began saying they had seen a ghost glide across the hall or corridor of the Alzheimer's care unit. The ghost was described as being about five feet four, had long dark hair and wore a white flowing gown. They claimed that they had only seen her for a split second. One second she was there and the next second she disappeared into the room across the hall. 
At first, Sheri was skeptical but as more of the nurses, and even temporariesemployees who had only been employed there a few hourssaw the apparition she became convinced that they were seeing something. As the weeks progressed more and more people claimed they saw the lady. Elton had told his wife not to tell anyone when she saw it because the nursing home might claim she was inducing a panic. Elton wondered if any of the residents had seen the ghost. Several of the RNs saw the fleeting figure and Sheri came home one night excited. She said that it was real because she had been standing at the end of the hall when she saw the figure glide from one room to another one. We figured that when the home had been the Home for Unwed Mothers, this woman must have been the mother of a baby that died at childbirth and she was looking for her baby. Many women lost babies in those days. Many babies and mothers died at the home so there was a pretty good chance that with so many souls floating around it was likely that someone would eventually see at least one of them.
During the next several years more people saw that woman. However, the sightings became less reported as people became used to the appearance. Nobody wondered what the woman wanted. Did she have a specific reason for appearing so often? Occasionally, Sheri mentioned the woman in white and Elton nodded his head and made a small comment. He neglected to tell her that he'd had his own ghostly experience a few months after he started working at the home.
It was a little after midnight when Elton was patrolling the Independent Living Unit where residents that were able to care for themselves lived. There were four floors in the building. He usually went up to the fourth floor, patrolled it and then moved down to the next floor. As he walked out of the stairway and onto the third floor he saw an elderly resident with a walker moving down the hallway from the direction of the elevator. She was not familiar to him. Elton spoke to her as they passed each other in the hallway. After she had passed him he wondered why she was up so late and turned around to ask if anything was wrong. When he looked back, she was gone. There were two doors to apartments between him and the stairway he had just used. The resident had not had time to get to either of the apartments and most certainly didn't have time to get to the stairway. She would have had a difficult time walking down steep stairs with a walker and alone. Where did she go? Who was she? After thirty years, Elton still did not know the answers to those questions.
Elton recalled these events as he sat alone on the deck because he was attempting to remember when the first time was he really began to believe in ghosts. He supposed it was about the same time that Sheri began to believe. That must have been during the first week they lived in their new home. That was the week they began hearing strange noises they could not explain.
During 1984, they took a short trip to Kentucky to visit family. Elton, still weary from hearing noises he could not explain left a tape recorder running in the attic while they were gone. The tape recorder, a Radio Shack circa 1984 model, had a voice activated feature on it. It would have to be exposed to sound in order for it to record. At that time, Cross County Highway had not devastated the neighborhood. Another gift from their wonderful state government. Most of the neighbors were quiet and there were not many children around. He wondered what they would hear when they returned home.
Elton had not really been surprised when he listened to the tape. There were eerie sounds of people talking, screaming and sometimes, laughing. It sounded as if they were off in the distance, perhaps at the bottom of a well, or in Hell. Some of the conversation he could understand and some of it was not understandable. There was the sound of children playing and the sound of wind whistling past the microphone although the tape recorder and the microphone had been in the attic. Elton played the tape for his wife and they both agreed that it was strange, to say the least. Elton put the recorder in his office and it was soon forgotten. They never discovered the source of the strange voices. 
In 1988, they bought two cats. Sheri loved animals, especially cats. They named the one with black and white fur Sabrina. The black cat was called BC, meaning "bat cat" because his ears resembled those of a bat. When the frisky animals got older Elton noticed that they would sit on the coffee table and stare into open space as if they were watching something he could not see. Sheri mentioned the fact to him several times. He did not have an explanation for her.
"Animals can sense and see things that humans can't see or hear," she had said. "Perhaps they see a ghost or two."
Elton was alone on a Wednesday night when his wife was at work. In those days, they rented several Beta or VHS movies and watched them. He was alone in the living room watching Flashdance when Sabrina jumped up on the coffee table and sat on her haunches licking her paws after eating a delicious bowl of tuna. Suddenly, her attention was drawn to something or someone in the middle room where the bed was located. Thinking that Sheri had returned home from work because she was sick he jumped to his feet and looked at the cat. Sabrina definitely recognized the being in the other room. When Elton had gone into the front room, there was nobody in the room, that he could see.
After checking the entire house and the basement he wandered out into the back yard and discovered that only his truck was in the driveway. Her car was not there. What had the cat seen? A few moments later, Sheri called him from work. She was on her lunch break. He told her about the way the cat was acting and she agreed that Sabrina had seen something. But what had she seen?
The first ten years of their marriage had been wonderful. With both of them reasonably healthy and a little money coming in, they were able to enjoy themselves. There were problems. Each time it seemed that they were able to put their heads together and come up with a solution. In the early nineties things began to change. Sheri's health got worse and she began going to her doctor on a regular basis and he began prescribing more medicine for her. In 1997, Elton had an operation for colon cancer and survived. A few years later Sheri had a cancerous cyst removed from her right shoulder. The trend was becoming clear. They were going down hill.
During those days strange things happened at random and occasionally it was enough to draw their attention to the event. A single red rose had been left on the deck near the kitchen entrance. Who left it and why? Items were moved or turned up missing. Unusual sounds were heard in the attic or in the basement. Creaking boards in the ceiling and distant voices in the night added to their anxiety. Most of the time, Elton and Sheri were so engrossed with their health issues, work and problems at home that they did not pay much attention to what was going on around them or attributed the disturbances to natural causes. It is always easier to write something strange off as something normal. Some things defy explanation anyway.
Sheri got very sick in 2007 and after a battery of tests, it was determined that she was in the late stages of ovarian cancer. She bravely fought it for almost four years before finally dying from its vicious, brutal attack. Elton worked and took care of her until he was almost exhausted. He worried constantly about her when he had to go to work and leave her alone. One of the things they discussed was installing security cameras and connecting them to the internet so her sister could see what was going on at their house and Elton could watch Sheri from work on the Internet. Four cameras were ordered and installed at strategic locations. The monitors were installed in the office located in the external garage. She passed on before he had time to make use of them. 
Alone on the deck at the rear of the house, he felt loneliness drift over him like a blanket of cold water. Every time he thought about Sheri and the things that happened to her, his heart broke all over again. The cameras were a story by themselves. When he thought back to the days before and after her death and what he saw on those cameras he shuddered. He still wondered if he hadn't just been dreaming and hadn't seen all the things he thought he saw on those cameras. The cameras were infrared and had night vision. They could see in absolute darkness. They could pick up spider webs so thin the human eye could not see them. He had learned that the hard way. Small insects looked as big as rats when they were exposed to the IR beams from the cameras. 
A few nights before she died, Elton was out in the office working on a book and Sheri was in the house watching television when the motion detectors on the cameras began to activate. Darkness was just beginning to swallow the light and twilight was coming when he noticed strange globes on the cameras that monitored the rear area of the house and the deck. They varied in size from small to large and they pulsated. Most of them were about the size of a dime held at arms length. Hovering over the deck like bumble bees or wood bees, they appeared as if they were waiting and watching. Mesmerized by what he was seeing, Elton rushed to the deck just as darkness came and saw nothing. Thinking they were gnats or maybe even spiders hanging from spider webs he canvassed the area carefully. He could see nothing. The camera could see them. He could not. 
Walking back to the office, he sat there and watched them for a long time wondering what they were and what it all meant. They were just hovering there like ghostly hummingbirds. Waiting. Waiting. Waiting.
What were they waiting for?
As darkness slowly won the battle between day and night, more of the weird globes appeared on the other cameras. That told him that it wasn't something wrong with any particular camera. The cameras were picking up something he could not see. As he watched, long translucent tubes appeared on the screen. Some of these had pulsating globes and circles inside them. Were these tunnels into another universe he was seeing? Were the globes souls of departed ones including humans, animals and insects? That was the only explanation he could think of that made any logical sense. He could still remember how horrified and confused he was as he watched the tubes hang in the air like translucent ropes that led from nowhere to nowhere. Then Elton had a terrible thought, one that horrified him more than anything else ever had. What if those were the souls of people, animals and insects that Sheri had known or had contact with in her life and they were here to welcome her into their world? How likely was that? Too likely, he thought as he remembered some of the conclusions he had come to in past years concerning life in general. It truly frightened him.
Did their presence mean that she was going to die soon? He hoped she would not die, that she would recover and he prayed that she would be well again. Were the mind, soul and spirit all the same thing? Did the mind, soul and spirit dwell in the brain of all beings and when they died it simply left the body? That was the conclusion he had reached a few years ago and now it seemed to him that it fit this situation perfectly. That meant that the souls of all the people who had ever died were here on earth or in some other part of the universeor in another universe altogetherand that they were invisible to human eyes. Cats and other animals could see them sometimes and so could the infrared night vision security cameras. That fact had burned itself into his mind until he went into the house to see if his wife was okay. Sheri was sitting on the couch watching television. She was much worse and he knew it. She had been unable to keep food on her stomach for the last several days. Deep in his mind, he knew she didn't have long to live. He felt sad and sat there talking to her for a long time. Now, as he looked back on that night he knew he should have talked to her a lot more than he had. He should have been there in that house talking to her instead of being out in the office writing books. He would never forgive himself for his stupidity.
As he thought about the next few days of August, 2010 tears came to his eyes and he could hardly think at all. His heart felt like a raw nerve shredded in a meat grinder when he recalled that Sheri had fallen several times, could not get up and he had to call for assistance to get her into bed or onto the couch. One time they had taken her to the hospital for a few days and drained excess water from her body. The next time she fell was the last time she was ever in the house. He was getting ready to go to work when she needed to go to the bathroom. She had been so weak for weeks that she could not get to the bathroom without assistance. He wanted to stay home and care for her but she said she would be all right. He knew deep down that was not the case. While trying to help her to the bathroom she slipped and fell. Elton was so weak he could not get her up so he called Hospice. They came and took her to the Hospice Center in Blue Ash. She died twenty four hours later while Elton was at work. Sick and exhausted he had been sent home and walked in through the back door just as Hospice was calling him to notify him that she had passed away. Even now, he felt heartsick because he had not been there for her when she died. 
Much more had happened, especially after her death except Elton could not bring himself to think about it much longer. For an entire year he had grieved and worried himself over her passing and fought hard to cope with her loss. He knew he had to face the future except he had been unable to give up the past. There was something deeper to everything that had happened and he intended figuring it out if it took him the rest of his life, no matter how long that might be. Sheri had wanted to be cremated and she wanted her ashes scattered over the sand at Myrtle Beach. Her sister and brother-in-law had complied. Her life and death had a deep meaning somewhere because of the globes and other strange things that had happened. Some of them he did not want to remember and he had tried to shut them out of his mind. Most of the time he was unsuccessful. It was too horrible to forget. 
Someone had left another rose on the step by the rear entrance on the deck a few days after she died. 
The rose petals were black splattered with splotches of red.
The globes hovered over the deck for two nights after she passed and then they appeared over his neighbors deck for a few nights. Joe Dancer, his neighbor had passed away more than three years before Sheri died. Had he come back to join Sheri?
Since then the globes and tubes had been a constant annoyance. Elton figured out that some of them were indeed tiny spider webs and that made him feel a little happier and a little sad. What if they all were just spider webs or insects? That theory had been disproved when the cold winter winds, freezing rain and snow blasted the area. There wasn't an insect that he knew of, including spiders that had the stamina to survive such cold conditions. Still, they persisted. 
Elton had always felt that a darker force was at work here, in the home he had shared with a wonderful woman for thirty years. What was it and had it caused the death of his wife? Were such things possible in the other world? Could beings in another world influence humans and things in this world?
Several incidents pointed a finger at something evil that had caused them. Sheri had always loved animals. She fed the birds, squirrels and other critters every day. A few months before she died, the squirrels declared war on the house and just about everything else. While they were still being fed they tore up garbage cans, boxes and ate holes in the roof of the house and garage. Even after a neighbor repaired the damage they still chewed through the wood and made the attic their home. Not only did they wage this war of destruction two years before she passed away, they continued their costly attack for another year. The only reason their advance was halted, perhaps temporarily was because Elton, with the help of cats and the neighbors, killed most of them and fixed the house so they couldn't get in. At some point after her death they destroyed the deck. The deck planking was hard wood and he could not figure out how they chewed into it except they did. 
Shortly after she died he was in the living room sitting on the couch checking boxes of items she had purchased and never opened. Most of them had been ordered from QVC.com and other online retailers. One of the boxes he opened contained scissors and knives. While he was inspecting the items one of the sharp scissors jumped out of the box and fell on the floor. Startled, he picked it up and took it to the cabinet drawer in the kitchen. When he returned it was on the coffee table in front of him. He was sure that Sheri would never do something like that, so, who did do it?
There had been other incidents, some of them quite memorable like the one he had called the spider web incident. Sheri had been cremated, true to her wishes, and the urn containing her ashes had been placed on a shelf in the living room near the front door. Two of the security cameras portrayed a long rope-like translucent tube extending from inside the house, out the front door and around the house where it disappeared over the garage. Several cameras, located in different places showed the same thing so he knew the spider web was not in front of just one camera. One night after many frustrating hours of deliberation and fear, he took a water hose and sprayed the area around all the cameras. When his work was completed the tubes were still there and didn't seem to be bothered by the water at all. Sometimes, he could actually wash the spider webs away, except this one did not seem to be a spider web. Elton had thought that it extended from her urn to another universe. He still tinkered with the idea that the tubes were passages from this world to some other world and the pulsating globes he saw inside the tubes were spirits that were using the tube to leave this world. If so, had Sheri passed on from this world and to a better place? He didn't know for sure. At that time, he felt her presence strongly and he thought she was looking after him making sure he was doing okay.
The incidents had happened before her death and afterwards. Sometimes, he still noticed things that didn't seem right. A cold spot developed in the living room in the exact spot where Sheri sat on the couch and watched television. He'd had the couch replacednot because of the cold spot but rather because the old one wasn't very comfortableand several chairs also. Elton had wanted to keep familiar things around him that belonged to her without drowning himself in memories of her. A man could only take so much. He had made a promise to her that he would write a book about her suffering and experiences hoping that it would help other women. Sitting alone on the same deck they had shared a few months ago when they were talking and watching the stars, he felt that he was not alone. Was she here now? 
Elton did not have a way to gauge whether it was his imagination or if she really was there. He could sometimes sense that she was near and that brought pains of sorrow to his heart because he could not talk to her or touch her. He had never actually seen her on the security cameras. However, some of the globes exhibited traits that made him think they were Sheri's spirit. If she was out there, she had not attempted to make contact with him unless the orbs were trying to communicate with him. They had hung over the house, near the garage and over the deck. The strangest incident he had yet experienced was the night the butterflies came up out of the ground. That was a show that would have made the Ringling Brothers proud.
Darkness had just gulped up most of the night and it was slightly past twilight when Elton was working on one of his novels. The date was a couple weeks after she had died. He'd been writing for a long time and had published twenty four novels in 2010, the same year Sheri died. Few of them had made any money and he was disappointed in himself and the world as it now existed. People didn't have much money and times were tough. He was in the garage where his office was located when the motion detectors on one of the cameras that was focused on the car parked in the driveway detected something and activated the camera. Elton got up from his desk and walked to the shelf that held twenty-four security monitors. What he saw next completely mesmerized, and terrified him. 
The camera was mounted on the garage wall looking down the drive way. Sheri's car, a 2004 Chevrolet Malibu was sitting in the driveway in front of the garage. The night vision camera's showed everything clear as day. Elton watched, like a cat cornering a mouse, as hundreds of globes, some minute and some large emerged from the graveled driveway and arose above the car. Some of them went straight up, some went left and some went right. A few hovered over the driveway for a while as if they were waiting for something to happen. Nothing happened though, except too many of them hovered over the deck to suit him. The incident had continued unabated for more than an hour. Then, another very strange thing happened. A dark shadow, a silhouette, passed over the deck and stood there for a moment gazing at the house. Then it zoomed away toward the full, blue moon in the western sky like it had never been there. Its appearance seemed to cause a great disturbance amongst the globes. Elton was reminded of a fox invading a flock of chickens. Once he was gone they settled back down and seemed to be complacent with their situation.
Who was this being? Elton had asked himself that question back in 2010 and he was still asking it in 2011. He still wasn't any closer to an answer and that perturbed him to no end. After grieving for ten months, he wasn't in any shape to take on a visitor from another world, still he knew that he would have to confront him eventually. The being was here for a reason. Tomorrow, he would begin taking control of his life again. He could not go on living in the past forever. The being lurking around his house knew all the secrets and Elton was determined to make contact with him. He was going to find out what was going on and why he was haunting him so much. Could the being put him in contact with his dead wife? Elton most certainly hoped so. Or, was the being a dangerous enemy that had nothing except evil intent? No matter what the situation was, Elton was almost sure the dark creature that dwelt in shadows was someone connected to the previous owner. Perhaps he would start there. He would start with the history of the house and work his way into the future. That would require a lot of effort on his part. The house had been built in 1928. That was a lot of history. One thing was certain. He would see the Dark Creature again, perhaps one step beyond twilight.
2

* * * * *

ONE SECOND BEYOND TWILIGHT

Event 3

Elton woke early next morning with the same routine he had gone through for the last ten months. Each morning he rubbed his eyes and tried to assure himself that YES, his wife was no longer alive and YES, he was on his own. This mentality required him to relive those last few years for the rest of the day and most of the next night before he finally had a few moments of peace in which he felt like he might just be able to go on without her. It was the time when he first woke that was the hardest. It was early in the day when he was most vulnerable to the painful memories and the realization that she was indeed gone. 
Elton only worked three days a week since the security company he worked for lost several major contracts. Many of the security officers found themselves out in the cold with no money and no place to go. Jobs were hard to find. As Elton scratched his head, showered, shaved and prepared scrambled eggs he felt like he was lucky. At sixty five he was drawing a small social security check and received a small amount of money in the form of royalties from the publishing companies. It wasn't much, only a few dollars a month, but every dollar helped. The government still restricted the amount of money he could makea crock of sh, if there ever was one, he thoughtso he only worked three or four days a week when he could get it. He wasn't going to give the government anything. They hadn't helped when Sheri was so sick she couldn't take herself to the doctor or get to the bathroom. They only took your money, every penny the blood suckers could get, and gave very little in return. That left him worrying and wondering about his own future, if he had one. Sometimes, when he went to bed at night he prayed to Jesus to let him sleep and not wake up so he could be with Sheri. He awoke every morning so he figured that Jesus had a definite purpose in mind for him. He would be off from work for the next three days so he intended to find out as much as he could. Perhaps then he could lay things to rest, finally achieve peace of mind and then he could continue his writing, something he had been neglecting lately. It was difficult concentrating on writing fiction when all he could think about was his wife and the fact he was alone in a world that didn't give a damn.
The lady who had told him about the original owner of the house was his neighbor. He thought that she had said her name was Margaret Hanson, but he wasn't sure about the last name. She was in a nursing home. It had been a long time since he talked to her. Her home, next to his, had been rented by one of her family, a man Elton had never gotten along with because he didn't cut his grass, trim bushes or keep his house in good condition. That was his business though, as long as the man didn't do anything that included Elton. He wasn't sure about where Margaret was either, except he would find her and find out the name of the original owner of the house. He ate his breakfast and then called a friend who usually cut the grass for the man that had rented Margaret Hanson's house. The friend told him that he thought Margaret Hanson was in a nursing and retirement home called Green Hills Retirement Center. It was located in Blue Ash. Elton felt excited because he was about to begin an adventure that would perhaps, give him peace of mind. It would also be the most terrifying experience of his life.
It took Elton less than thirty minutes to reach the nursing home that was located on Reed Hartman Highway. The nursing and retirement home was spread out over seventy acres of land. There was a hospital, assisted living, independent living, cottages and houses. Besides the hospital and other accommodations, there was a gazebo, lake, restaurant and a public laundry. Elton wandered around for ten minutes before he finally found the main office. Cursing the way just about everything was becoming overly complicated, he cited the parking lots and drivewayssome people called them an idiots maze because it was so difficult to figure out where everything was locatedas a perfect example of moron engineering. Once he located the building, he discovered that they did not have a receptionist at the front entrance. He talked to someone on an intercom in between the double doors, in the foyer, and was told to take the elevator to the fourth floor. Security? There was none. Many nursing homes and other business interests had eliminated physical security as part of their cost cutting. What if he had a gun or bomb? Actually, he was licensed to carry a concealed weapon except he had left it in his car giving due respect to the residents. He didn't want them to see a man carrying a weapon. It was hard to keep it concealed under his shirt all the time and one of the residents might see it and cause a panic. He didn't need any of that today.
The RN was at the front desk on the fourth floor when Elton arrived. Her name was Sally Carrier. She was a nice lady who clearly had patience for people, probably because she dealt with them every day. Sally had worked for the nursing home for twenty years. "Mrs. Markham is on the first floor in room 138," she said after Elton explained that he needed to talk to her. "She's eighty-nine years old and still in reasonably good health. She fell a few months before she was admitted to the home and she still has to use a wheel chair to get around." Her pretty smile faded and she turned serious. "Do be careful with her. Margaret is sad, lonely and probably a little frightened. She lived her entire life alone, you know because she never got married. I think she has a couple of cousins still living and maybe a nephew."
"I know how she feels," Elton said. "I live alone since my wife died last year and it is very lonely and scares even me."
"I'm sorry to hear about that," Sally replied glancing at a folder she was holding in her hand. "Is there anything else I can do for you, Mr. Markham? Perhaps you'd like some coffee or a cold drink?"
"No thank you. I have to talk to Margaret and then other duties await me. I really appreciate the offer though."
"No problem," Sally said putting her hand on his shoulder. "I'll walk you to the elevator. It can get confusing with the way these rooms and halls are laid out."
"Thanks," he said. "I appreciate that."
He found Margaret Hanson sitting in her wheel chair in an area outside the building they called the Park. Actually, the Park was a garden with beautiful bushes, flowers and walkways. Margaret was sitting under a shade tree near the sidewalk and a large, flowing fountain. 
Elton walked up to her and introduced himself. "I guess you don't remember me, do you?"
Looking up at him with big blue eyes, she said, "Of course, I do, Elton. It has been a while but I'm not totally senile yet." She smiled. "Pull one of those chairs over here so we can talk. I don't want to go back in that place. I spend enough of my life in there."
Elton walked over to a rest area where a table and several chairs had been set up for the residents so they could relax while traveling along the trails. A few elderly people wandered around the shaded areas of the complex. A few lounged in the gazebo enjoying the aroma from several climbing rose bushes nearby. Honeysuckle blossoms sent their perfume into the early morning air. "How have you been?" he asked as he sat down close to her so she could hear him. Her voice was soft so he also wanted to be able to hear her. "Do they treat you well around here?"
"It will do," she said and her eyes looked over his shoulder. "I actually hate the place, of course. I would rather be home but since I fell last year, I haven't been able to do much so I guess it is just as well that I'm here where someone can take care of me. I had my life, the good times and the bad times. That is what life is about you know."
"My wife died last year," he said. "I know all about the good times and the bad. The bad times are now and bad times will probably be around for a while."
"I'm so very sorry to hear about that, Elton," she said. "She was a wonderful person, although I never talked to her very much, I still could tell what kind of person she was."
"Yes," Elton agreed. "She could be shy sometimes." He sighed. "I miss her very much and wish she could be here. However, the reason I'm here is associated with her death."
"Oh?"
"Margaret. I am about to tell you something that may upset you or you may not believe me at all."
"I'm eighty nine years old," Margaret said. "There are few things that I'm not familiar with or fewer things that I have heard about."
"Of course," he said. He told her about the ghosts and the dark being that he had seen several times in the past few years. "I believe that the dark being is the spirit of the man you told me about, the one who owned the house in the early days."
"I suppose so," she said and he could see that she was serious. She obviously didn't consider him a nut. "That old man was evil. There are things he did that should not be talked about. Some of the things he did I cannot talk about. They are dark memories in my mind."
"What do you mean, Margaret? I need facts and something to work with. This is driving me crazy. He holds the secret to something that is very important. I can't put my finger on it, but I believe it involves my wife. Anything you can tell me I would be grateful for."
Margaret looked up at him with a sad look on her face and tears in her eyes. "He was an evil man. You better not fool with him. I'm sure your wife's spirit is not antagonized by this being." She sighed heavily and then continued. "Are you sure you want to know?"
Elton could tell by her breathing that she did not have much strength left. Her breath was shallow and her eyes had that distant look in them. The nurse said that she had been having breathing difficulties. "I just want to know more about him. I don't even know if I can do anything about him if he is somehow harassing my wife or not, except I have to try. Please, Margaret. I will appreciate anything you can tell me."
"Okay," she said. "Those houses were built in 1928. The government built them for people who could not afford more expensive houses. Times were tough and people were suffering. My father bought the house next to where you now live and we were happy there."
Elton gave her a glass of water from a picnic table where some of the other residents had been dining out on the green when she began coughing. "Are you okay?"
"Fine," she said as she sipped the water slowly. "Not as strong as I once was. The water helped. It's just my sinus's not being used to all this pollen." She gave the glass to Elton and he returned it to the table. "As I was saying, we had moved into the new house next to your present home. I was just a little girl then going to school and dreaming about being something when I grew up. I guess my teacher, Mrs. Talbot, impressed me a lot when I was in the sixth grade. I decided right on that day when I first came to her class that I wanted to be a teacher like her. Anyway, that's how it all started."
"When did Jack Bernard move into the house I live in?"
"Sometime in 1929. They had just completed all the construction and the grass hadn't even come up on his lawn when he occupied the house. He had a wife and two kids. One of them was a girl about my age and the boy was much older when I first saw him. His wife's name was Mary and the daughter's name was Thelma. The boy was like his father, tall and had deep brown penetrating eyes. They were almost black. They called him Joe. They both had black hair, and lips that never seemed to smile. It was almost like they were serious all the time. Of course, in those days not too many people had anything to be happy about so they didn't really smile that much. Our family was lucky. We had good furniture and most of the necessities of life. We had a radio and a phonograph that played 78 RPM records. They called them Victrolas back then. The Bernard Family didn't have much at all and I think they felt jealous of anyone else who did. Mr. Bernard was a carpenter's helper by profession and helped build the houses in the project. When the project was completed he was out of work for a while. Just looking at him scared me to death."
Elton stared at her for a second not quite understanding what she meant. "What was it about him that scared you so much, Margaret?"
"His face and those eyes," she said. "His face was rough and he had one large tooth that rested down on his left lip when his mouth was closed. As if that weren't enough, he had bushy eyebrows and a very large nose. I suppose a persons appearance isn't reason enough to dislike them but in this particular situation, I was justified in feeling that way. That was my first impression of him and I can still remember him sitting on the front porch and watching me and the other girls play on the sidewalk. I'd feel some thing or somebody looking at me and when I turned around he was just sitting there in that old rocker staring at me."
"How did your parents feel about him? Did you tell them?"
"Not at first. All of the girls avoided him and the only reason we played in front of his house was because of his daughter, Thelma. She had become friends with most of the other girls in our class. Her father demanded that she stay in sight of the house. I always suspected that he just wanted the girls to hang around the house so he could gawk at them. A few months after that when the spring had turned to late fall, strange and terrifying things began to happen."
Elton felt like she had left him hanging on the edge of a cliff. Knowing that Jack Bernard was probably evil just like Margaret said, he wondered what the man was capable of. Analyzing Jack Bernard was like looking at a blank piece of paper and having someone writing a few clues at a time on the paper. Margaret held the pencil so he let her tell it her way. After all, he did not want to exhaust her or drain all her energy. "What happened that was so terrifying, Margaret?"
"Four of the girls I went to school with disappeared and weren't found for almost a year."
"At least they were found," Elton said before he had taken time to think about what she said. "Where did they find them?"
"In an old rock quarry out near Blanchester," she said. "Even though their bodies had been decomposed, there was enough left to indicate that they had been beaten to death. That was the saddest day of my life, Elton. They had been buried in deep graves with large chunks of rock piled on top of them. The only way they found them was when they were moving rocks to start a new excavation of the quarry. When they dug deep they found the skeletons and called the authorities."
"Everybody suspected that Jack Bernard did it, right?"
"Some folks did, I reckon. Most of the time he just lazed around the house during the day and at night people saw him walking up the street after midnight. Nobody knew how he got the girls but of course, a lot of people just knew he did it. He was never questioned by the police because they didn't have enough evidence. As far as I know, nobody ever learned what happened to the girls or who killed them."
Elton knew he had to find out the answer to that question even though the police had not been able to come up with enough evidence at the time of the crime to accuse Jack Bernard of anything. Perhaps he might be able to discover a clue that the police had overlooked. Had Bernard really killed the young girls or had someone else done it? Elton was determined to learn everything that he could about the case and to keep an open mind. "Margaret, was that the only thing that happened to make you fear Jack Bernard so much? What about his wife? Did she suspect him of being a child molester?"
"Well, in those days they didn't call men like him that, but he was known to have a bad temper and he drunk a lot. His wife took the children and left about two years after they moved there. The boy told a neighbor that his father had been too nice to his sister and that his father beat his mother. After the woman left with the kids Jack Bernard really got worse. I remember that there were always strange men, dressed in nice business suits, coming to his house all of the time. Jack was always leaving with them and coming home late at night. Nobody knew anything about the men or if Jack had a job. Rumors were numerous about the men being gangsters from Chicago and St. Louis. I was still young then and didn't know much about gangsters, however I heard a lot of things about them on the radio and read about them in the newspapers. We all thought that Bernard was involved with making and selling illegal booze. Pretty soon, Jack showed up at his house one day with a brand new car and it was an expensive car."
"Maybe he was involved with gangsters," Elton said. "Gangsters and the mob were active here in Cincinnati in those days. It seems entirely logical that a man who could not find work might turn to crime to make a living. It wouldn't be the first time that happened. What about his wife? Did she maintain contact with him or did she leave him altogether?"
Margaret pointed at the glass of water and Elton poured fresh water from a cooler into the glass and gave it to her. He supposed her throat was dry from talking so much. When she gave him the glass back, half of it was gone. "That did the trick," she said. "His wife turned up dead too and that was another puzzling part of the story. They never found out who did that either. I think she knew too much about what he was doing." Looking up at Elton she smiled as if trying to tell herself that she was doing the right thing by telling him about a neighbor she was still afraid of. "That is not the end of the story. There is much more. Do you want to hear about it?"
"Of course," Elton replied. He took a sip of the cold water. It felt good on his dry throat. "You have already told me enough to write a book. We have a man who possibly was a child molester, a gangster and a murderer. What more could he have done?"
"Much more," she promised. "He was a warlock and maybe even had allegiance with the devil."
Shocked, Elton had not anticipated that such a development would occur. He could accept that a person was a murderer, a kidnapper and a bootlegger, however, he could not accept that he was a warlock and still maintain his sanity. "How do you know that? What exactly induced someone to tell that on him? Did they see him riding a broom across the night sky?"
"I know that sounds incredible," she said and then wiped tears from her big blue eyes. "Every time I think about Tabby, I have to cry."
"Tabby?"
"My black and white cat that I'd raised since I was a kid. When I was sixteen, Tabby turned up missing. Of course, that is not unusual for cats. They get old, go away and forget where they live, other animals kill them and things like that, except I know what happened to Tabby. It was late one night in the summertime. We slept with the windows open then because there wasn't so much traffic around there to help heat things up and the woods nearby kept our houses cool. It was a quiet, hot summer night in July and I just couldn't go to sleep. There was a full golden moon, the crickets and other insects were making happy sounds and a cool breeze blew through my window. I decided to put on my bathrobe and go out on the back porch for a while. I used to do that a lot because I loved to look at the stars. There weren't so many street lights then and you could see millions of stars in the night sky. I was sitting on the back porch in the dark when I heard a cat meow in the yard next door. I knew it was Tabby. When I went off the porch and got close to our white picket fence that divided our property I ducked behind some bushes when I saw a small fire in the back yard. What I saw was a dark figure that I recognized instantly as Jack Bernard. He knelt in front of a small fire that he'd built in his back yard. There were two burning wooden crosses next to the fire and he was killing cats like a wild man. I counted four cats and one of them was Tabby. Before I could yell at him, he slit the cats throat and drank its blood. Paralyzed, I sat there for a long time unable to do anything but watch him. When he had finished he crossed his heart with his left hand and put a five pointed star on his forehead. He wrote it in blood from the cats he had collected in a pan. Then he poured the blood over his naked body and chanted words I could not understand. As I watched helplessly, a silver ball with a glowing light inside it descended from above him. When it was near him it grew large enough to completely enclose him until it became part of him. Then the light arose from the ground, with Jack in it and vanished into the sky. I was unable to move for a long time. When I got up the courage I went to the fire hoping that Tabby was really still alive. There was nothing there except the fire and it was dying. The crosses had completely burned up and all was left of them was ashes. Terrified, I ran back to the house and went to bed. I told my mother about this a few days later and she just said that I had been dreaming. Tabby never did come home. Jack Bernard came home a few days later and looked like he was ten years younger. Don't ask me about what it all meant because all I know is what I have told you. That wasn't the only incident that occurred while he was alive. Not the only one."
"Are you okay, Margaret?" Elton feared for her health. Perhaps recalling such harrowing events and conjuring up images she hadn't thought about for years might make her sick, he thought. The last thing he wanted to do was to hurt Margaret. She had been through enough. "We can continue this after your rest. Would you like something refreshing to drink, or something to eat?"
"A cold Coke would be nice, maybe in a glass with ice cubes in it. They got some in the cooler over there under the tree by the picnic table. Help yourself to whatever you want, Elton and bring me a drink. I'm diabetic" 
Pausing for a second she seemed to consider if it was appropriate to tell him about her health condition or not. "Well, you know, they always tell you not to consume too much sugar. I drink a Coke every now and then and it doesn't seem to hurt. So, get me one, will you?"
"Of course," Elton said and walked toward the picnic table where the staff had spread a table cloth with red roses on it and had put out a variety of food and drinks for the residents and their guests. When he returned he had two glasses full of Coke with ice cubes in them. "This should wet your whistle," he teased. She smiled.
She took several sips from the frosty glass before speaking again. She kept her voice low and Elton had to move his chair closer to her. "Bernard dressed in dark suits and dark clothing after that," she said. "He could be seen outside at night and many of the neighbors were afraid to go out after the sun went down. We were virtually prisoners in our homes. Everybody that knew about him wanted him to move except he never did. There were other incidents when he burned or killed animals in his back yard late at night when everyone was sleeping. Somebody called the police because they smelled burning flesh or a strange odor. By the time the police arrived he had everything cleaned up and was gone. I think he was a member of some kind of devil's cult or something. We didn't know much about those things back then, but afterwards, I kind of put two and two together and figured out that was what he was doing. Several women from the neighborhood disappeared and since I was his next door neighbor, I lived in constant fear. I was young and worked at the local school as a teacher. I loved flowers and plants. In my yard, I had many rose bushes. Bernard complained all the time because he said my roses were too close to his property. I had my land surveyed and proved to him that my plants were five feet from his property line. He still complained to city council. They sent a man out to check. I think he was the building inspector or something like that. He told Bernard that his bushes were on my property line and that he had to move them. Bernard never did any such thing. They are still there as you well know, or they were there the last time I saw them."
"Yeah," Elton agreed. "They are and they are on your property line. I always assumed they belonged to you. I still end up cutting them every year. That neighbor that moved in after you left is a real dog too. He doesn't do anything. He won't cut the grass or even trim the bushes. I wrote a book about him, a mystery and it is called, DEATH NEXT DOOR. Of course, it does not name him specifically but I got the character from him and what he does."
"That is a shame," she said. "You have to be careful, Elton. Some of those devil worshipers, if that is what they were, may still be around. Some people believe that Bernard conjured up a dark evil spirit and that it eventually killed him because he didn't do something it wanted him to do. I believe that too. It just happened that I was in the back yard one night because I had to be out there. It was almost dark and a storm had just passed through. There were branches down all over the place. I wanted to get them up before my father came home. I never married, as you know and I was still living at home and still teaching school. My father and mother were still living in 1963. What I saw that night, or didn't see, made me glad that I didn't live there alone."
Elton was becoming more worried about her. Dark circles were slowly forming under her eyes and her skin was pallid. She had finished her Coke before he was half-way there. If only she could keep at it until she told him a few more secrets, he thought. Perhaps there was a novel in this story. Perhaps so. "Well, Margaret, what happened to make you wish that?"
"As I said, I was in that back yard and it was almost dark. I was trying to hurry and get those limbs piled up when I felt like I was being watched. I thought I saw movement in a corner of the yard where my father had build a privacy fence, out of the corner of my eye. Needless to say, I froze like an ice cube on a cold January morning. My blood froze and I just couldn't make myself move toward that back porch which was only a few feet away. It was dark under those shade trees near that board fence. You had to look close at the shadows before you could see that some of it was darker than the other part. If you did look close, which I did, you could see that the darkest part of the shadows looked exactly like the figure of a man. I watched it and I'm sure that it was watching me. I couldn't move, as I said before, nonetheless, it could and did move, right across the yard and walked right through another board fence that was eight feet tall. It walked through that fence and disappeared into the shadows behind Bernard's garage. As soon as it left I was able to move and I did. By the time I reached my bedroom I was shivering with fright and terror. In my bedroom, I cried and was afraid that the creature would come through my window and get me so I kept my window locked all that night and for several weeks afterward. It was the most terrifying thing I have ever seen, Elton. The bad thing is that I think he is still around. Sometimes, I think he is here. Other times I think he is everywhere. You better be careful. I think he can harm us humans."
"That is amazing, Margaret. Maybe Bernard did conjure something up from another world. It seems logical to me that after we die our spirits reside in the same world as we do but we just can't see them all the time. Sometimes, they can appear and we do see them. You must have caught that being unaware that you were there or something."
"I guess so," she said. "It did seem like it was startled because it stayed there in the shadows for a long time. Obviously, it wasn't afraid of me because it moved into Bernard's yard without any fuss at all. Since then, I saw it a few times, quite unexpectedly, in the back yard when I was looking out my window at night. On several occasions I could hear it talking to Bernard when he was standing by the garage gazing up at the stars. Sometimes, I saw both of them and sometimes I could only see Bernard. Bernard wasn't with us much after that. He had a heart attack and died in the basement of the house. I often wonder if that creature didn't have something to do with that. I saw the creature a couple of times after that. However, its visits became less frequent after Bernard left this world. My mother died of cancer in 1965 and my father passed on in 1970. I was alone and afraid. I never got married and I retired in 1973. Living alone in that house took a lot of courage and it also took a lot out of me but I wouldn't have it any other way, mind you. Being determined that the creature wasn't going to drive me out of my own home, I maintained a constant vigil hoping that he would never come back. Many times when I was alone I thought I heard it whispering to me. If you ever hear his voice, as course and gruff as it was, you will never forget it."
"I'm sure I wouldn't forget," Elton admitted. "You were a brave woman, Margaret, and still are brave, for that matter. Did he or IT, ever attempt to actually harm you?"
Margaret hung her head and looked at the sidewalk. Two robins sang their songs from limbs overhead. When she finally looked up at me there was fear burned into her face. She looked older than she had ten minutes ago. "He came to my bedroom one night and warned me about dying. Something woke me about two in the morning. When I sensed someone else was in the room, I knew it had to be him. At first, I didn't see him. With my heart pounding and my blood gushing through my veins, I wasn't in much of a condition to do anything except try to figure out where he was and what he wanted with me. When I did see him, he was just a dark silhouette against the window in my bedroom where a full silver moon was sending moonbeams into my room. He was blocking them and it made his dark figure impressive and terrifying. If it weren't for the light from the moon I don't think I would have seen him at all. He was featureless."
She paused again and it was clear to Elton that she needed more time to relax. Recalling such a frightening event must have been taking a toll on her nerves. Her description of him reminded Elton of an old horror movie. It was called, Jeepers Creepers. The monster in that movie resembled the one Margaret had described. Nonetheless, both characters were scary enough to petrify a ghost. Elton wondered how Margaret could have lived such a solitary life knowing that creature with such a dark and evil heart was always near. "What did he say, Margaret?" Elton leaned forward and took her trembling, aged hands in his. "Can you tell me?"
Feeling a little safer out in the sunlight and with Elton nearby, she managed a quick smile and a quicker reply. "Yes. It is what he said that caused me never to get married and never to have kids."
Elton was shocked. What had happened that would cause her to reach such a colossal decision. "Margaret, I thought you remained unmarried because you wanted to do so and not because a creature with a black heart told you to do it."
"Not that way," she said and she looked sad. "He stood there in the darkness surrounded by bright beams of moonlight. When he spoke I felt as if he had driven a hot arrow straight into my heart. His voice was commanding and sounded cruel. I don't think there is anything that he couldn't or wouldn't do."
"What did he say?" Elton couldn't stand the suspense anymore. Margaret looked like she might collapse at any second. One of the RNs who was talking to a couple of residents at a table a few feet away kept looking in their direction probably wondering what Margaret and Elton were talking about. 
Margaret looked directly into his eyes. There was so much fear there that her eyes sparkled. "He said that he came to warn me that I belonged to him and that when I died he would be there to greet me. He said that when I died, all my friends, family, and even animals that I had known in this life would be there to greet me into the other world, a world that was invisible to humans and most animals. He warned me that they would try to take me before he did. The dark man said that he was much stronger than all of them and that they would fail. It sounded like he was bragging about the fact he thought he was stronger but I let that be. All I wanted him to do was to leave me alone. He kept on talking, trying to intimidate me and force me to say that I would be his when I died. When I didn't give in he started telling me about all the horrible things that would happen to me if I didn't give him my soul or spirit. I guess that means that when I die my spirit would obey his commands. There was no way I would give in to him so he eventually walked out the window and disappeared. I never saw him again. I hope I never do." Then she stared at Elton for a full minute. "You better hope you never see him either, Elton. Please give this thing up and forget about it. Your wife is safe. She would never give in to him and I know it. She was a very strong willed person. As long as you don't obey him and think negative, there is nothing he can do to harm you. It is the negative feelings that draws him. Evil to Evil, Good to Good, as my mother used to tell me."
"I guess that is true," Elton said. "Does Jack Bernard still have any relatives living? I'd like to talk to some of them. Maybe they can help me."
"He has two great grand daughters. One of them, Nancy Byrd lives in Colorado and the other, Jean Collins lives in West Virginia. They are both over fifty by now. I used to correspond with them and they called me every now and then. I haven't talked to them or received any letters for nearly fifteen years. They both might be dead. I suppose with the internet you might be able to find them."
"I guess I might," Elton agreed. "I also think I have bothered you long enough, Margaret. I better be getting out of here before they kick me out. The RN over there keeps giving me the evil eye."
"Oh, her? She does that to all the good looking men. You stay as long as you like and call on me again. Next time, we will talk about some of the pleasant times I had. Life wasn't and isn't all bad, you know."
"I know," Elton said. He shook hands with her and as he was about to leave she spoke to him in a hushed tone.
"Elton, be careful. I'm certain that thing is going to be here forever. Jack Bernard conjured him up and brought him to us so just you be careful and not get into something you can't get out of."
He promised he would do the best he could and walked away. It was the last time he would ever see Margaret, alive. 

3

* * * * *

ONE SECOND BEYOND TWILIGHT

Event 4

Home. Home was where she had lived and home was where she visited when she wanted to. He felt as if she visited there often, however, he had never actually seen her. Sheri was there sometimes though. He just knew it. Her invisible soul could go anywhere it wanted to go. He knew that because he felt her sometimes. 
Next morning, Elton got out of bed at about nine o'clock and fixed breakfast. Eating alone had become routine for him. Since she died, it was more of a necessary ordeal rather than a pleasure. Like it or not, he had to stay alive long enough to write a book about herhe had about finished half of itand to find out what the dark shadow man was all about. If he could determine if Dark Man was a threat to his wife, Elton thought that he might be able to deal with him in some way he had, as yet, not figured out. 
Everything in the house reminded him of Sheri. From the small porcelain dolls she had collected to the silverware he used each meal, there was always something she had used or touched. She had most certainly touched his life and he would always be grateful that he had known her. While he ate his meal, he let his eyes wander around the room wondering if he would be better off somewhere else, a place where there wouldn't be anything to remind him of her. The thought quickly vanished, wiped from his mind entirely, because he knew he could not live without her memories. They were the vital glue that held him together, that got him through a day of loneliness and pain. Grief was a bastard that got things done and you couldn't do anything about it. Grief was the master that ate you alive like the cancer that had eaten her. 
Once love is gone, you're alone; the only thing left is loneliness and grief.
Elton washed the dishes after he had eaten attempting to plan his day. Sometimes, there wasn't much to do. Today, he planned on doing a lot of research on the computer. The more he could find out about the dark man the better prepared he would be to deal with him. He really needed to know more about Jack Bernard. After all, he was the human who had summoned the demon and he probably held the secret that was needed to destroy him. After he had the information he needed he would plan a visit with the two relatives Margaret had mentioned. Perhaps they knew something about Jack Bernard that would be helpful, if they would talk about it.
If they would share family information that spanned almost half a century.
As he washed the dishes he talked to Sheri, as he always did when they were alone, telling her about his plans for the day and reminding her that any time she wanted to chat, he was always there. Talking to her gave him an excuse not to talk to himself, since he was usually the only living human in the house. The talks with his wife gave him strength and helped get him through the day. When he was down and needed energy it seemed that he got it from an unknown source. It all seemed like hogwash except he knew that it was true. How else could a sixty five year old man paint a house, paint and repair the deck and put a new roof on the garage? Most days he felt like crap, like he was about to slide down that chute into another world, and when he felt his worst he always found the energy, no matter where it came from, to get the job done. Most days, he felt like the simplest project was impossible for him, yet he always managed to get it done.
His office had been located in the garage since 2001 when Sheri thought he should have a bigger office since he was accumulating more accounts and his business was growing, a little. Many nights he had stayed up past two in the morning working on novels and editing computer books, after he had worked all night at his regular job. While she slept after a long day at work, he kept pushing himself to achieve what he could so she wouldn't have to work anymore. That dream had never come true. Neither had his dream of becoming a well-known and a well-paid author. Now, as he looked back on their lives he wondered if it had all been worth it. Time he had spent away from her, writing and editing, he could have spent with her while she was alive. Even Elton knew that he couldn't have foreseen her death just as he didn't know when he was going to die. They had talked about that a few weeks before she passed away. She had said that without his hard work, they wouldn't have been able to do the things and have the things they had. Sheri had given him that much credit. Knowing that she realized what he had done made him feel a little more cheerful as he finished the last of the dishes and headed for his office. 
Two steady hours of hard work searching the web for information about dark men and shadow creatures turned up a lot of information about books and movies and a few thousand sites about ghosts and ghost hunters. He found many stories about ghosts in the town of Mt. Healthy, Ohio, especially in the early part of the century. Ohio was claimed to be one of the most popular states for ghost stories and hauntings. Information about gangsters in Cincinnati was abundant. Cincinnati had been the home of several mobs and gangsters during prohibition but none of them were as famous as Al Capone. Nonetheless, they did have ties with the New York and Chicago mobs. Even Eliot Ness had visited the city several times during his battle with the various mobs.
Elton was overwhelmed by the amount of information about the paranormal. How much of it was true he didn't know. Nonetheless, it was somewhat convincing when he read some of the stories about what people had seen and heard. As a writer, he had known about ghosts, hauntings and shadow people as well as UFOs. As a reader, he had read everything he could about the paranormal and watched many movies. It was nothing new to him. What was really strange was that Jack Bernard had whipped a shadow person up in the 1950s before most people were aware they existed. One question bothered him as he read page after page of emails and stories common, ordinary people had sent to many different web sites. What had Jack learned about the shadow man that got him killed? That question brought on more questions tumbling into his tired mind. There was one thing he had to know and he had to know it now. He had meant to ask Margaret about it yesterday and had forgotten. What killed Jack Bernard?
Searching through old newspaper archives he found what he was looking for. Jack Bernard had been buried in the cemetery on Mill Road. There was a church and an old cemetery there now. The obituary mentioned several members of his family including his wife and kids. The paper had reported that Bernard did die of a heart attack just as Margaret had said. Margaret had also said something else. Elton struggled to remember and then it came to him in a flash. 
Some people believe that Bernard conjured up a dark evil spirit and that it eventually killed him because he didn't do something it wanted him to do. I believe that too.
 Or, he knew too much about the creature, Elton conjectured. That was entirely possible too. Margaret had mentioned that Bernard had two nieces. She hadn't said which side of the family, the mother or the father, they had belonged to. All Elton was able to find out was that they were daughters of one of Jack Bernard's children. Looking for more information, he stumbled upon another obituary column in one of the Denver, Colorado newspapers. Nancy Byrd, a niece of Jack Bernard, had died in 2003. That left his other niece Jean Collins. He wondered if she was still living and still in West Virginia. He doubted it. Elton decided to take a chance. What did he have to lose? Perhaps he could find her on one of the social networking sites.
He tried myspace.com without any success. Logging onto facebook.com he entered her name in the search engine and waited. In a second, fifteen names popped up. The first one had an available portfolio and he discovered that she lived in West Virginia. After sending her a message, an email, he went to a national white pages site and found her address. Using Google Earth he found her house and dropped down to street level. Jean lived in a brick home south of Charleston. It was not far from where Sheri's sister lived. What a stroke of luck. There was a small chance that Harriet, Sheri's sister knew her. It was a slim chance, albeit a chance after all. 
Using his cell phone, he called his sister-in-law. To his disappointment, they did not know Jean Collins. Undaunted, Elton returned to facebook and was surprised to see a message from Jean Collins. Yes, she was kin to the Jack Bernard Family. Elton's heart beat faster as he read her message. He had asked her several questions. Elton asked if he could contact her about her family history. He would be willing to discuss it over the telephone. However, he would prefer to pay her a visit, if that would be possible. The thought of driving all the way to West Virginia did not appeal to him. However, he was determined to find out as much as he could about Jack Bernard. He was an interesting man. Jean was reluctant to send him her telephone number in an email so Elton sent her his phone number in an email and requested that she call him. 
It was after twelve when she finally called. Her voice exposed her uncertainty about carrying on a conversation with a perfect stranger. It had a nervous tinge to it. Elton knew exactly how she felt. Asking a complete stranger questions about her past wasn't pleasant for him either. Being an investigative journalist wasn't one of the many hats he wore. Knowing a little about how she felt, he hoped he could allay her fears and make her feel comfortable. That's why he had thought it was a good idea to talk to Jean Collins in person. Perhaps speaking to a live person would relax her and maybe he could get more information from her if she were more relaxed. If he were going to interview her then he needed her to be cooperative. He began the conversation with a soft voice. She was totally unsure about him. That was just as she should be.
"Jean, I'm glad you called me back." He held the cordless phone to his ear wondering what she looked like and attempted to create a face that would fit her voice. It was a common mistake he made. People on the other end of the phone never looked like he thought they would. He'd been unable to find a picture of her on the internet. Even on facebook.com she had used a picture of her cat instead of a picture of herself. "My name, as I told you in our email exchange, is Elton Markham. My wife and myself bought the house that Jack Bernard originally owned. I'm a writer and I'm doing a book about old homes in Mt. Healthy, Ohio. Each interesting house will be presented with pictures and a brief history of the dwelling." Elton didn't feel guilty about lying to her. He was writing a book and had written many. He just wasn't sure if he would write one about interesting houses in Cincinnati. "I thought maybe that you might be able to tell me some things about your family. I'd love to drive to West Virginia and meet with you, at your convenience, of course."
"That would be wonderful, Mr. Markham," she said. "I'm free most of this week and the last part of next week. I am semi-retired from the local sheriff's office. Working three days a week is my normal routine. It leaves me with a lot of time to do the things I have always wanted to do. Being a police dispatcher is a very taxing job. I did it for thirty years before deciding I'd had enough. I'm not sure it would be worth the effort for you to drive all the way over here although you most certainly would be welcome. I know very little about my family. I would be happy to help you every way that I can."
Elton sensed that her anxiety had diminished when she actually heard his voice. He could not blame her for being cautious when it involved a contact between her and a stranger she'd met on the internet. The fact she was a police dispatcher probably explained her cautious manner. She dealt with strangers and unnerving situations at least fifty times a day. "Jean, I would like to come over tomorrow, if you don't mind. Tomorrow is Friday and I really don't have anything else scheduled. Is that okay with you?"
"Sure," she replied. "About what time can I expect you?"
Elton had to think. What time would he be there? He had been to West Virginia several times with his wife when she was alive. It normally took about four hours so he'd have to leave early. "I'll leave here about seven and should arrive there around noon. Will that fit your agenda?"
"Of course," she said. "I will be anxiously waiting to meet you, Mr. Markham."
"I'm anxious to meet you too, Jean. Are you married? I didn't know if I should call you Mrs. Collins or not."
"My husband died about two years ago," she said and her voice turned sad. "Cancer. Please call me Jean. His name was Wilbur and he was such a good man and a good person."
"I'm sorry," he answered. "We have something in common. My wife, Sheri died last year from the same disease. I am indeed, sorry for both of us."
She spoke. "We were spared for a reason, Mr. Markham. Perhaps we have a mission, a mission we must share. We just don't know what that mission is, yet. We were brought together for a reason so be careful in your assessment of the situation and everything around you. We must be cautious until we know what is going on."
Elton was awestruck by her statement. Did she know more than she was telling him? "What do you mean?"
"We'll talk when you get here. There is a lot you need to know and I must know you before I fully trust you. You can understand that, can't you?"
"Of course," he agreed. "Now, what shall I call you?"
"Just call me Jean, Mr. Markham. I'll call you Elton."
Elton knew it was time to end the conversation. She wasn't going to tell him anything else and he didn't blame her. Ears might be listening to the conversation. Nothing was secure these days. "That is fine, Jean. I'll see you tomorrow."
"You bet," she said. They both closed the connection at about the same moment. The line was silent as a graveyard at midnight.

4

* * * * *

ONE SECOND BEYOND TWILIGHT

Event 5

Elton dashed from one part of the house to the other trying to find things he knew he had and didn't know what he'd done with after his wife died. With the help of neighbors, they had hauled clothes, boxes of items he didn't need and many other things away. Most of it had gone to churches and other public service agencies. Elton wanted to make sure the items ended up in the hands of people that needed them. Finally locating his traveling bags, he kept busy packing a few clothes and things he would need for the trip while wondering what secrets Jean Collins had that caused her to be hesitant about talking about them. Did she know about the dark stranger and the fact Jack Bernard had conjured him from some place nobody would want to go? He was sure she'd mentioned it although he wasn't sure about their conversation. These days, he was sometimes forgetful. Although he could not claim that his fallacy was due to Alzheimer's, he could say that it was caused by having too many things on his mind and not enough time to do what he needed to do. 
After the passing of his wife, Elton had obtained a permit to carry a concealed weapon. With crime high in Cincinnati, and about everywhere else, he thought that was a great idea. Seniors and the elderly were assaulted and robbed every day. Home intrusions were on the rise. He had installed security cameras and bought a twelve gauge shotgun for the house and one for the office. Elton also kept a Taurus 27/7, .40 caliber semi-automatic pistol in the garage and in the house. When he went out where he thought he might be threatened, he wore a Taurus PT-140, .40 caliber semi-automatic weapon. He also owned a Taurus 9 mm weapon with the same frame as the PT-140. Now, he was contemplating whether or not to take a weapon with him. The license permitted him to carry in several states and West Virginia was one of them. 
That decision didn't take very long to decide on. He carried the PT-140 in a small leather bag along with extra magazines and his permit. Relieved because he had been able to make the decision quickly he put the case containing his weapon on the passenger seat. He didn't know what he might run into on the way to West Virginia. He had another PT-140 in the office and a PT-24/7 in the house on the kitchen table. He figured he was about as ready for anything as he could be. 
It was getting dark before he was completely packed. Knowing morning would come before he realized it, he walked outside making sure the chain link gate was locked and that he'd gotten everything. In the backyard, Elton checked the rear gate, the locks on two outside buildings and then turned around to return to the house. Twenty feet from him, directly in his path to the house stood a dark figure that seemed to form from black smoke. Elton stopped dead in his tracks. Blood in his veins turned cold and his heart pounded. By the time he recovered from the sudden terror he felt, his legs were about to collapse. Wondering if he were seeing things, he took a few steps back and considered running through the locked gate behind him. Holding the key in his hand, he wondered if he could get the gate unlocked before the creature was upon him. A cold chill drifted down his spine until he thought he might have a heart attack. Could he make it?
Why not?
Summoning all the energy he could rally Elton ran for the gate knowing it was the only way he could escape from the creature, if he were fast enough. The only thing on his mind was to get to that gate before the creature tore him to bits. He'd seen the long slender fingers and sharp claws. His sharp teeth were barely visible. Elton had seen them anyway and had been impressed enough to run for his life. The black hood over the creature's head and a dark cloak made him look evil and dangerous. Elton ran for his life because he doubted none of that. Short of breath, his legs feeling numb, he ran for the gate wondering if the creature was really breathing down his neck or if it was just his imagination. Within thirty feet of the gate, he stumbled and fell just as the creature dropped down in front of him blocking his way through the gate, and freedom. 
Rolling down a slight incline, he came to rest against the chain link fence. A sharp pain swept down his left arm and he thought he'd broken his shoulder. The creature was standing by the gate with its face turned in his direction. When Elton realized that the creature had jumped, or flew, right over him and blocked his path, he shuddered. Before Elton could get to his feet, the dark shadow man leaped a hundred feet into the air and dropped down as light as a feather, right in front of him. Elton trembled on the ground. 
"Okay, I give up," he mumbled knowing that he would never give in or give up. He just needed a little time to decide what he was going to do. He could not let this creature get the best of him. As the creature stood above him with a full moon behind him, Elton knew he had to do some fast talking. Writers usually knew a lot of words. He couldn't think of more than a couple he needed to get him out of the mess he was in. "What do you want?"
The creature leaned forward. His eyes were red, nothing more than marble sized balls of light. Elton trembled. This was not a dream. If he said a wrong word or made a wrong move, he would be dead as a rusty nail. He could see through the creature as if he was looking through smoke. How could that be? The creature had to be solid matter. Hadn't he landed on solid ground and wasn't he standing on solid ground? Elton wished he'd brought his PT-140 with him even though he didn't think it would make much difference. He supposed that shooting at the creature would be like shooting at a glass of milk. The only thing that would break would be the glass. In the case of the creature the bullet would pass through him like he was what he really was, smoke.
The creature leaned closer and Elton could see sharp fangs glistening in dim moonlight only a few inches from his face. The red eyes made him think of a snakes eyes. They were hypnotic and he thought that he knew a little bit about how a bird felt when it faced a snake. The creature remained silent. Opening its mouth that had thin lips, it snarled at him like a wolf or dog might snarl when it was extremely hungry. "What do you want?" Elton never expected an answer. He felt his entire body chill like an ice cube when he actually heard the creature speak.
"You, Elton Markham are sticking your nose into business not yours. If you do not listen to me you will die a horrible death. Not many people still live that know of me. You must keep it that way or I will make you suffer. Do not go to West Virginia and you will live."
In an instant, he was gone in a bright flash that nearly blinded Elton. The creature became a translucent blue ball that resembled the silver moon above and zipped off into the night sky. He was gone before Elton knew what happened. He was puzzled. How did the creature know so much about him. 
Elton stayed there for a long time wondering if the creature would return. His right ankle hurt and his left elbow caused him pain when he moved his arm. He was sure that the arm wasn't broken and his ankle would be okay as soon as he managed to walk on it for a little bit. He hadn't hit the ground hard enough to break anything. Nonetheless, he was in pain and that was something he had a difficult time dealing with. 
Elton managed to roll over on his side and then gradually sit up using the chain link fence for support. His cell phone was in the kitchen on the table and his gun was in the same place. Why didn't he carry his cell phone all the time now that he was alone like he had always told his wife to do. It isn't much good if you can't reach it, he had told his wife many times. One word brought pain to his heart. Alone! Loneliness was the most horrible affliction of the human condition. Harvey was making himself known as he always did when Elton got himself into trouble. Harvey would have always done things differently. It didn't matter what or how Elton handled a situation, Harvey would always disagree with him. Okay, Elton thought, maybe I could have done things better and maybe being alone has something to do with the way I think. Perhaps it has a lot to do with the way I handle situations now that I am alone. He knew all about being alone. He was an expert at it.
Elton had met and dated many women before he finally married Sheri. The loneliness he'd experienced before he met her was nothing like it was now, after he lost her. Every morning when he woke up he had to relive his entire life in a few minutes, sometimes hours, before he realized that he was alone and that she was gone.  
Alone!
Now, almost a year later, he found himself repeating the same things he'd done before he met her. Loneliness had driven him to make many mistakes such as ignoring his desire to write, to go back to school to get a degree and finding a good job. When he met her everything had fallen into place. He was bluntly disgusted with himself for doing the same things again, the wrong things. It was like a repetitive nightmare. Ignoring his own instincts he was slowly falling back into the same old ways he'd experienced before he met her. Something had to give and he had to find someone else to put him back on the right track again. 
He felt alone now lying on the cold ground looking up at a few twinkling stars and a full moon wondering if anyone would hear him if he yelled loud enough. Most people were sitting in front of their television screens watching mind-numbing reality shows, something he rarely did. Even if he sent up a rocket they probably wouldn't notice. After about half an hour he felt as ifwith Harvey urging him onhe might be able to arise from the ground and make it back to the house. Using the fence, he slowly pulled his body up and stood facing the fence. What if the dark man came back? Fear and terror of such a thing drove him to turn around and take a few steps. Elton was surprised when the pain wasn't as bad as he thought it might be. Forcing himself, with the help of adrenalin flowing in his body, and fear pushing him forward, he made it to the back steps to the deck without incident. Harvey was yelling at him all the time.
You better move your butt before HE comes back!
Forget about the shadow man and forget about going to West Virginia.
Get another place to live and forget you ever lived here. Don't you think that would be best, buddy?
Elton had to finally tell Harvey to shut up and attempted to wipe him out of his mind. Harvey was persistent when he wanted to be. Pushy bastard, Elton thought as he made it up three steps and sat down in a chair on the deck to rest. 
When he thought of the ordeal he'd been through his body chilled and he shivered. Even though it was almost eighty-five degrees he felt like he was freezing. What had happened and why? A creature not of this world, had warned him to stop investigating the numerous incidents surrounding the death of his wife and the appearance of the shadow man. Were there others out there too or was he the only one? Elton didn't know. Contending with one of them was enough for him. Perhaps the shadow man he'd seen and the creature that had warned him were the same thing. Perhaps. Perhaps not.
Before Elton could fully recover from the terror he had recently experienced, a blue light appeared on the deck. While he sat there attempting to pull himself back together again and decide what to do, the globular light descended onto the deck. Inside the humongous orb was a figure dressed in a blue bonnet and a long flowery dress. Every instinct told him to get up off his butt and run, except he could barely move his eyes much less his legs and arms. Paralyzed, at least temporarily, he sat and watched as the being floated out of the globe. The globe ascended until it was out of site. It moved so quickly Elton found himself wondering if he had seen it at all. A woman stood not more than ten feet from him. Her complexion was light blue, almost the same color of the globe and a dim blue light surrounded her like an aura. There was no doubt. The creature that stood facing him with a sad look on her wrinkled face, was none other than Margaret Hanson. Her aged and craggy hands trembled as she took a few steps toward him. Pointing a crooked finger toward him, she spoke as her eyes showed more white than blue. 
"I warned you, didn't I? Now look what has happened, Elton. Give it up and forget about it. That creature is nothing to mess with. I told you that and now your days are numbered, if you persist in what you are doing. He does not want to be exposed. He is the ruler of this kingdom now. Leave him alone and let him be." 
Terrified, Elton stood up knocking the chair over as he did so. Was he going crazy or was Margaret really here. Horrified, he noticed that he could see right through her body. Perhaps she was a ghost or a spirit. He didn't know for sure. Speculation was his only option without having evidence to back up his guesses. Guessing might get him hurt, or killed. "What are you doing here? Is it really you, Margaret?"
Margaret looked at him with her face as cold as a slab of ice. Expressionless, her face told him nothing about whether she was a real person or not. She may as well have been a manikin in a department store window. Her eyes stared right through him as if he weren't even there at all. "I am here. That is all you need to know. You have been warned. I'm sorry about your wife, Elton. She is fine. Don't worry about her. Just worry about yourself. Leave the unknown alone. Nothing good can come of it."
Before he could answer, a single tear developed in her left eye and drifted down her face. She rubbed it away with the back of her hand and then she was gone like smoke blown away by the wind. "Margaret," he whispered. "What did they do to you? You would never bow to their will." He knew she was one of the most independent, brave women he had ever known. She was almost as brave as his wife. Had he seen her ghost? Was she trying to warn him that his life was in danger or was she a specter sent to him by the dark shadow man?
These questions plagued him as he went inside the house he had shared with his wife for almost thirty years and locked the door. Of course, locking the door wouldn't do much good and he knew it. The shadow man could probably walk through walls and appear anywhere at will. However, it made him feel a little more secure as he prepared an extra bag for the trip to West Virginia. There was no way he was going to let a creature of the night keep him from finding out the truth. The truth was out there and he was going to keep going until he was satisfied that he knew what he wanted to know, and that was it. 
Going through the house, he assured himself that all the windows were closed and that the doors were locked. Setting the clock to go off at six in the morning, he checked the magazine in the Taurus PT-140 and put it on a stand near the bed. Not sure which one he was most afraid of, the shadow man or the criminals, he laid down on the bed and tried to sleep. Home invasions and murder were common in Cincinnati, especially against elderly citizens. 
A brief, rogue thunderstorm, violent and quick moved through the area awakening him about four in the morning. Covering his head with a pillow, he went back to sleep. The rest of his night was not interrupted by earthly things. The shadow man dominated his dreams and Elton was not sure if he was dreaming or if everything was real. 
When he woke, he was sweating and his clothes were soaking wet. A few of the memories remained and he spent several minutes trying to remember everything that had happened last night and what he had dreamed while he shaved and showered. The dreams themselves did not make sense, as most dreams didn't make sense, and he soon was unable to recall much about them. After a quick breakfast, Elton loaded his traveling bags into this vehicle and locked the doors to the house. A neighbor would keep an eye on the place while he was gone. That was the good thing about having neighbors, he thought. They looked after you, sometimes.
Confident he could drive all the way to West Virginia, with the exception of a couple of breaks to fill up the vehicle and eat lunch, he made sure he had everything he was going to take with him and got into the car after securing the house. The sun was already rising above the horizon by the time he got to Interstate 71 north. He'd take that road to Jeffersonville where he would have breakfast and then continue his trip. He had been to where Sheri's sister lived in St. Albans many times, except he had never driven it alone. This was his first attempt. 
Mounting the GPS on the dash of the Chevrolet Malibu he knew that he'd have to depend on his memory to get him there because the GPS would suggest he take the shortest route, sometimes right through busy cities and towns. Elton was sure he could find his way to his destination. He would just use the GPS to keep him going in the general direction of Charleston. 
"I'm all lost," Elton said as he pulled out of the driveway. "Lord, I'm lost and in need of direction and that darn GPS isn't going to get me to where I want to go. Since I lost Sheri it has only gotten worse, much worse and I don't know what to do anymore. It is like I am in the middle of a desert and don't know which direction I'm supposed to go in. When I had her, I knew which direction I was going. I had focus. Now, all I got is a bunch of questions and problems. Please help me find the direction that will take me to her or at least will let me know she is all right. Please help me, Lord, because ... ... because I can't help myself."
He knew all about being lost. He thought that maybe he had become lost on that beautiful August day in 2010 when he watched them put Sheri in the ambulance and haul her away to the Blue Ash Hospice Center. That was the first time he felt life draining away from him like air slowly seeping out of a beautiful balloon. Elton found himself reaching out for anything that was part of her. He even had her wedding ring and band hung around his neck on a golden chain. No matter how close he felt to her, he could never get close enough. Sometimes, he felt as if she was with him and other times, he felt like he was alone. Now, he was alone. Except, there was something out there waiting for him. He knew it wasn't Sheri. The feelings he had were threatening and the thought of meeting the shadow man again terrified him more than death itself. Who knew, maybe the shadow man was death.
He wished that Sheri hadn't died and instead of death dividing them, that she was here with him. How nice it would be if she was in good health, they were happy the way they used to be, and she was going to West Virginia with him. Everyone, at least the few friends he had, told him to be happy because Sheri would want him to be that way. Nonetheless, he still felt sad and miserable most of the time without her. He knew it would always be that way and that he'd have to learn to live with the pain and make the most of the good times he might encounter no matter how few they were. Concentrating on the good memories he had of her seemed to help. It was the bad times they'd had that troubled him. Since she had died he'd had very few dreams of her. There had been a couple and they were somewhat troubling. Wiping those memories out of his mind he attempted to concentrate on his driving. Traffic was heavy on northbound I-71. The last thing he wanted was to end up in a wreck or worse yet, lost and unable to find his way home, or to West Virginia.
Man and woman.
Inseparable!
Until death do us part.
Except, he was going to love, cherish and want her for eternity and even death hadn't taken that away from him. He suddenly realized that death didn't end everything as long as you loved someone. Did it?
He stopped in Jeffersonville and sat in the parking lot at Wendy's a long time thinking about what he was about to do. Was he on the right track? Had the apparition that appeared to him last night really been Margaret Hanson? Was the Shadow Man real? He already knew the answer to both questions before he asked them. Of course, the shadow creature was real. Hadn't he seen it several times and hadn't other people, like Margaret Hanson seen it? So, that left him with the question of whether he had actually seen, and talked to Margaret Hanson or not. He must know for sure. His life might depend on it.
Pulling his cell phone from its holster on his belt, he called the nursing home where he had talked to Margaret yesterday. It already seemed like a hundred years ago. He'd entered the number into his cell phone intending to call Margaret back when he got to West Virginia and ask her a few more questions about Jack Bernard. The RN on duty at the front desk answered and Elton introduced himself. The nurses name was Kay Ballard. She quietly and passionately informed Elton that Margaret had passed away during the night. Elton thought that he would never be able to breathe again. Margaret's death was unexpected. His heart pounded as he attempted to get a grip on himself. "What happened to her?"
The RN was silent for a moment too long. He knew something terrible had happened otherwise, the RN would have responded right away. She was thinking about whether she should tell him the truth or tell him what the staff had been told to tell everyone else. Elton had met Kay yesterday and talked to her a few moments about Margaret. Kay had been reluctant to tell him much because he wasn't family and she could not give him any medical information about Margaret. "She died in her sleep, Mr. Markham. Her face looked like she had seen a ghost, or something as horrible. The nurse on duty checked on her at eleven. When I came on at midnight I made my rounds about one o'clock and she was dead. She was sitting up in her bed, frozen in time. Her eyes were as wide as the Mississippi River. I have seen a lot of deceased people, residents, except I have never seen anything like that before. Please don't tell anyone that I told you that."
"I won't," Elton assured her. "Did she have any visitors?"
"None that we know of," the RN responded. "One of the nursing assistants claims that she overheard Margaret talking to someone about ten o'clock. The nursing assistant said that nobody came out of the room and she hadn't seen anyone go in. Margaret could have been talking on the telephone except that would have been unusual for her. She rarely ever received calls or talked to anyone. She was an independent woman."
"That she was," Elton agreed. "Has her next of kin been notified?"
"She has a brother living and he is in a nursing home without the ability to accept responsibility for her. Her estate is in trust. Her lawyer said that she has a nephew who will inherit everything. So, I guess he will be making all the arrangements. The funeral home in Mt. Healthy has already picked up her body."
"At least she made arrangements," Elton said and a cloud of despair drifted down over him like a wet blanket. Maybe it had been the spirit of Margaret Hanson he had seen last night, he conjectured and the thought nearly paralyzed his mind. He was feeling more alone now. Why had Margaret died? Had old age simply caught up with her or was there another reason? He didn't know for sure except she was no longer available to give him the information he might need in the future. Had someone killed her because she had told him the wrong things? That was quite possible too, he thought. "Well, I'm most certainly sorry to hear about that. I liked Margaret. She was my neighbor and a friend. I'm headed for West Virginia and won't be able to attend the funeral. Please pass my condolences to her family or whoever is responsible for her affairs."
"I will," Kay assured him. "My understanding is that she will be cremated and there will not be any funeral or the such. Please have a good day, Mr. Markham."
"You do that too, Kay." They both hung up at about the same time. Elton sat there staring at the Wendy's building no longer interested in food. "I hope you and Sheri are happy no matter where you are, Margaret," he whispered. 
After having a quick breakfasthe'd decided he needed energy if he was going to drive all the way to West Virginiahe stopped at a Speedway and put fuel in the car. It needed energy too. As he was filling the tank, he noticed a black Cadillac pull into the parking lot. The windows were tinted and he couldn't see the driver. There was nothing special about the vehicle except Elton had not seen a car so clean in a long time, which probably meant that it was owned by a local person. The body was as shiny as the chrome bumpers. Nobody got out of the vehicle and as Elton did a little shopping in the store before paying for the few items he bought and the gas he noticed that nobody else had come into the store. A few customers paid for whatever they bought and left the store. Elton put a medium sized bag of potato chips, a Zero Coke and a few other items on the counter. 
"Have a good day," the clerk, a dark haired woman with a cheerful smile on her face told him as he left the store. Elton left the store and got into the Malibu. Glancing at the parking spot where the Cad had been, he noticed that it was gone. 
"Probably just someone window shopping," he whispered as he pulled out on I-35 East.
It was almost nine in the morning before he neared Chillicothe, Ohio. Constant driving was making his muscles sore and his arms hurt. "I'm just not as young as I used to be, Harvey," he said to his invisible companion. Harvey didn't have a comment. 
About the time Elton thought he might pull over in under a shade tree in one of the roadside parks, he glanced up at the rearview mirror. His body stiffened and his fingers tightened on the steering wheel a bit when he recognized the black Cadillac a few car-lengths behind him. The road ahead was without traffic and the only car behind him was the cad. Where had it come from and how had it come so close without him seeing it. Elton did not know why the appearance of the Cadillac disturbed him so much, except it did. There was something distinctive, something evil about that Cadillac, and he knew it. Feeling threatened, or maybe it was just his imagination, he reached into the leather bag and pulled the Taurus PT-140 out of its holster and put it on the bucket seat next to him, in easy reach. Many criminals roamed the highways these days in search of helpless victims and he was not taking chances. An old man, such as he was, was an easy target especially since he was traveling alone. Now, he wished he had the twelve gauge shotgun except that was locked in his trunk. He'd have to do as he always did, take care of himself. No gangster was going to rob him, if he could help it.
Who do you think is in that vehicle, Elton? Harvey's voice was as clear as the music playing on the radio. The Dupree's were singing, YOU BELONG TO ME. Is it someone out to do you harm?
Reaching forward with his hand, Elton turned the volume down on the radio. He had to think about what was happening and he had decisions to make. "I don't know, Harvey? How can I know?" 
It was ridicioulous for him to believe that the lone vehicle was following him, yet he could not help the concern he felt. Was the cad simply going the same way he was? That seemed logical to him except, as a writer, he'd seen enough horror movies about strange cars following a victim and the consequences of the victim not paying attention. He was not going to be a victim. That was the reason he had a license to carry a concealed weapon. It was not concealed now. It was ready to use.
The interstate highway passed by dozens of cities, small towns and lonesome villages as if they weren't even there. Elton glanced down at the speedometer. He was doing sixty which was five miles over the limit. The last thing he wanted was for a cop to pull him over. The law required him to inform the officer that he had a gun and a permit to carry it. Going through all that seemed hardly worth the effort. Sometimes, the cops took your weapon until they had finished writing you a ticket. His imagination clearly displayed his thoughts like a movie right before his eyes. The cop would stop him and while he had Elton's gun and was writing him a ticket for speeding, the villain in the cad would stop and shoot the cop. Elton would be defenseless, unless a miracle occurred and that rarely happened in real life. He might even be blamed for the murder. 
He didn't like that plot either. 
Elton slowed down to a casual fifty miles an hour. The other vehicle in the rear did the same. Since it was a two lane highway the other driver would be able to pass him if he didn't like the driving habits of a senior citizen who was in no great hurry to get to West Virginia. Or, if he did get there he wanted to be in one piece and not in a pine box. 
Hoping to agitate the other driver enough so he would be forced to pass him, Elton slowed the vehicle to forty miles an hour. The other driver adjusted his speed accordingly, without fuss. Elton sat back in his seat and tried to relax. His next move was designed to surprise and lose the other driver. Without warning he took the next exit. Hoping the exit would take him to a nearby town where he would be able to get away from the driver in the cad, he was disappointed when he saw that he'd ended up in a strip of fast food restaurants, gas stations and cheap motels. It was a glorified rest stop. In order to test the other driver, to determine if he was really following him Elton pulled into the parking lot of a Bob Evans Restaurant and got out. Using the remote he locked the car and disappeared through the double doors. From inside, he looked out the window. The place was crowded so he had to look over the heads of numerous people before he finally saw the vehicle. It was parked in the far end of the lot. The driver had backed it under a small shade tree so he could see the restaurant. Elton felt his blood turn cold as a chill enveloped him. His heart skipped a few beats and he thought that just maybe he was having a heart attack. As a host led him to a table, by the window, he wondered if he would ever get rid of the driver in a black Cadillac. It was clear to him now that someone was watching him and following him. The question of the day was; what could he do about it. He'd left his weapon in the car because he didn't want to carry it into the restaurant. the law gave him the right to carry it into a restaurant, if the restaurant did not have rules against it. At least, the law was clear about that. 
When the waitress brought his food, Elton took his time consuming it, making it last as long as possible hoping he'd look up and the black cad would be gone. Every time he looked, it was still sitting where the driver had parked it. Elton realized that he could not sit in the restaurant all day. He was supposed to be in West Virginia at twelve, noon and he wasn't even half of the way there yet. Then Elton made his mind up. He wasn't going to let that bastard in that black car scare him. Who did he think he was anyway? Finishing his lunch, he paid the clerk at the counter happy because he was finally taking control of the situation. 
Walking to his car, he opened the door and retrieved his gun. Holding it in his hand close to his side he walked toward the black Cadillac only to discover that it was gone. Stunned, and a little embarrassed, Elton stood there a few seconds before looking around the parking lot. Unable to understand how the car had driven out of the lot without him seeing it, he pondered the question for the next ten miles. Was the vehicle a phantom car, or was his imagination going wild indicating that he was going berserk? 
Driving at a comfortable pace of not more than forty five miles an hour, not wanting to catch up with the phantom car, Elton was confident that the vehicle had to be in front of him, but where? Would the driver pull to the side of the road and wait for him to pass. Weary, he watched the road ahead and forgot about looking in the side mirror. When he saw a sudden flash in his side mirror, like maybe something had reflected sunlight, he was nearly paralyzed from fear when he saw the black car coming up the road behind him. He was puzzled. Where had it come from? It had not been there a few seconds ago when he casually glanced into that mirror. He was certain of that. 
Now he really had a dilemma to deal with. 
He didn't even know for sure who, or what, was in the black Cadillac. It could be someone who just happened to be going the same way he was going. It could be a sweet little old lady with a yearning for a good looking old man. It could be just about anybody. Except, Elton believed none of that crap. He thought that the person in that vehicle had intentions of harming him and he was going to resist until his last breath. As he slowed the vehicle again hoping the black cad would go around him, the driver of the Cadillac slowed down too. Puzzled, Elton thought about what Margaret had said about Jack Bernard. He had decisively summoned something from somewhere else and that something was in the black Cadillac following him. He smiled not knowing how else to express the emotions he was feeling. If he got any more scared he might have a heart attack and that would get him nowhere. Whatever the creature was Margaret had done a good job of describing it. Just the thought of a shadow creature with very little substance, or solidity, made him shiver. The red eyes, long sharp teeth, maybe even fangs, which Margaret had so expertly described made him think that he might be dealing with a vampire. 
Something had been bothering Elton since he first saw the Cadillac. Turning things over in his mind like he was searching through a bag of oats for a silver dollar, he came to the conclusion that the Cadillac had a specific personality. It wasn't a passenger car at all. It wasn't designed for carrying passengers, live ones anyway. 
It was a hearse. Why hadn't he realized that when he first saw the vehicle? The rear door had given it away, finally. Someone in a hearse was following him. For what reason. Was it Death following him so it could pick up his body when he died?
Soon, other thoughts came into his mind. Another author he knew had written a series of books on vampires that had become bestsellers. The author had described different varieties of vampires that had existed for centuries. Considering the black clothes, wide-brimmed hat and the other features about the creature, Elton surmised that he might be dealing with a form of vampire. According to his own research and what he had learned from the other author, who was somewhat of an expert on the subject, some vampires could appear and disappear at will, and they could appear as shadows. The old adage about vampires only coming out at night probably wasn't true anymore as they had evolved along with all other races, and that feature probably had been weaned from their systems. They might even like the sun. He really didn't know for sure. In his predicament, Elton had to consider all the possibilities. This was a new century and things were happening so fast that just about anything was possible. He'd lived long enough to see humans transgress from horses pulling wagons to automobiles, to computers to telephones you could hold in the palm of your hand. Nothing surprised him anymore. He had become one of the numbed minds of his century. 
When he glanced in the mirror, the black Cadillac was gone. It had been there a few minutes earlier. Elton knew there weren't any places where it could have turned around and gone in the opposite direction and there had not been any exits for the last fifty miles. By the time he'd figured out that the entire incident had been a bad dream, or it was just his imagination running wild, mental fatigue, he saw the Cadillac a few miles ahead of him. His heart raced almost as fast the engine in the Malibu. Elton felt his fingers tighten on the steering wheel as he tried to evaluate the implications of what he was seeing. How did the Cadillac get in front of him? As far as his tortured mind was concerned, that was impossible, unless the Cadillac had sprouted wings and flew into the sky. That didn't seem likely either. He had to make a decision. The GPS was telling him to take the next exit that would lead him through a small town. The GPS always led him through the shortest route and in this case, it would mean that he'd have to leave the freeway. An idea began to form in his mind. He'd let the Cadillac continue on past the exit ramp and he'd take it. What if the Cadillac took the exit ramp? The answer was simple, he'd not take the ramp and continue on his way to West Virginia. He wondered which decision would make a difference. What if he took the ramp and then encountered the vehicle when he got back on the interstate highway?
By the time Elton reached the next exit he was perspiring and his fingers were gripping the steering wheel like a vice. Slowing his vehicle again, he let the other vehicle creep ahead and he took the exit. The driver in the black cad hit his brakes and then disappeared. Elton could not believe his eyes. He wondered if it would suddenly appear in front of him or be waiting for him at the next Speedway. 
Elton hadn't been born yesterday, or at least that was what his wife used to say when she wanted to show her appreciation for him. Instead of continuing on through the small town, he followed the street signs that directed him back to the interstate. If he could get back to the interstate highway perhaps the other driver would not find him if he expected him to go through the town.  
Elton was tiring of this game. He was going to end it, quickly.
Next time he saw the vehicle he was going to use his cell phone to call the police and have the vehicle pulled over.
To his dismay, when he entered the interstate again there was only two trucks headed in his direction. One was in front of him and the other took up the rear. The black Cadillac was not in sight. 
When he passed over the West Virginia state line and drove into the mountains, he relaxed a little even though he thought the worst might be coming. 

5

* * * * *

ONE SECOND BEYOND TWILIGHT

Event 6

Surprised when the vehicle didn't show up again, Elton pulled into a small shopping center in West Virginia and parked the Malibu. He sat there for a long time with his hands resting on the steering wheel watching busy patrons rushing from one store to the next as if they thought the stores would not be there much longer. It was the same everywhere these days, he thought. 
Sheep!
The land was so crowded you could hardly walk ten feet without bumping into someone. Resources were dwindling as the days passed. People seemed to be content with their daily routines dictated by big corporations and the government. 
Work.
Shop.
Pay taxes.
That was it. You could not even find a drive-in theater anymore. 
Sheep didn't become aware of danger until wolves had already come amongst them. Most people, he surmised, were exactly the same way. They were satisfied with a life of materialism and greed. As he watched them rush around like ants, he told himself that he had more to worry about than how other people lived. He simply didn't have to live like them. If he didn't find out what the shadow creature was all about there might not be a human population to worry about. Elton still wasn't sure if the creature was a vampire or an evil spirit. Either way, the world would be doomed if Jack Bernard had opened up a door into another world. If a few creatures had found their way into this world then others could do the same thing and that might spell doom for the human race. 
When love is gone, all that is left is pain. Would he ever survive the suffering he felt long enough to find out what he needed to know?
While he sat there thinking about what he was going to do, he decided that he would not visit Sheri's sister, and he would keep them out of the loop. Elton believed in keeping things simple. The fewer people who knew about what he was attempting to accomplish, the better it would be for him.
He would pay Jean Collins a visit and learn what he could. Then he would decide what to do.
Braving the foot traffic in the mall, he found a small, pleasant family-style restaurant and had a satisfying lunch. Brussel sprouts, steamed, baked fish and a baked potatoe filled him and he felt sleepy. However, he knew there were things to do and the sooner he got them done the better. Using his cell phone, he called Jean. She answered right away.
"Good afternoon, Mr. Markham," a sweet voice said. "How was your trip? Pleasant, I hope."
Attempting to put a confident tone in his voice, instead of the horrifying emotions he felt, he spoke as calmly and cheerfully as possible. I'm a little late," he explained. "Traffic was heavy in some places so I'm still in St. Albans. I should be at your place in about an hour. Is that okay?"
"That's fine, Mr. Markham," she replied. "I'm not going anywhere. Please take your time."
"I will," he said. "I'll see you in a little while." He closed the connection and dropped the phone in his holster he carried on his belt.

* * *

Jean Collins lived in a nice neighborhood in South Charleston. Her house was a brick ranch-style home with every indication that it had been well taken care of. Well, sort of. The grass looked as if it hadn't been cut for a couple of weeks. It had rained off and on for many weeks. There had been twice as many rainy days as there had been clear days. Even most of the clear days had been cloudy so Elton supposed that the reason for the tall grass was the fact the ground had been too soggy to cut. He'd had trouble keeping his own grass cut in the last few months. After the snow had stopped falling the rain started. And, it had continued that way for a long time. 
Apprehensive about meeting Jean Collins for the first time, he wondered if he would be better off not meeting her at all. Should he really get her involved in something that he did not fully understand? He thought not, except he knew that if he didn't get to the bottom of the mystery while he had the chance, others might suffer and he would be tormented with a feeling of ambiguity for the rest of his life.
Elton had once started a book called the Hibernators about a colony of vampires who slept in a deep cave near a small Kentucky town. Every spring they would emerge from the cave after a long deep sleep feed on the inhabitants of the town and the surrounding area. The plot was a little different from the traditional crap, he thought. All the world needed was another vampire story. 
They had survived there for a thousand years unknown to the residents of the area. Elton wondered if the shadow man was only one of many and that they had been around for a long time, perhaps longer than man had inhabited the planet. If such a thing was true then he had a big problem on his hands. The shadow man that Jack Bernard conjured up could be highly destructive. He could not even imagine a thousand of them. Elton would have to be a tough interviewer if he was going to learn enough from Jean Collins to determine what the truth really was. He didn't feel up to it, except he knew he had to do it. 
Another problem bothered him. Since his wife had passed away, he had never been very far away from the house where they lived when she was alive. Now that he was hundreds of miles away from the house he felt as if he had deserted her and that he should be home with her. He constantly thought about her and missed her. There was always a sense of pain and loneliness, even when he was near or around other people. It was a constant battle keeping his mind on what he was doing and not on her. He couldn't forget her, even though the memories caused him great pain, because he simply did not want to forget her. He would never forget her and the possibility that he might eventually find a way to communicate with her. It all depended on what the creature was that Bernard had made his own contact with, a contact that killed him. Margaret had said that Bernard became more and more involved with the creature and that it killed him because he would not cooperate with it. What had happened that made Bernard change his ways? He had cooperated with it in the past, so what made him change his mind? Perhaps it was as Margaret had said, the creature had made a demand that Bernard was prepared to agree with. Margaret had told him that Bernard died from a massive heart attack. Had Margaret think that Jack Bernard had died because the shadow man caused it? That might be possible, he thought. 
It was the house where they had lived that pulled him back to that place every time he went anywhere. Many people had asked him why he stayed there. He always answered that it was because she was there. He did not elaborate on the fact that she was there, and also in his heart. She would remain there forever. Elton told them that he wanted to be close to the place where they had spent their lives together and that she was there for him. He neglected to explain that he thought her spirit was there floating around and that he had seen her on the cameras many times. These memories pained him and he attempted to focus his thoughts on the problems that were ahead. He had to speak with Jean Collins or his mind would never be able to rest.
A gravel road led from the main road to the house. Grass grew in the center of the driveway and trees lined both sides of the road. He could easily see the house in the distance. There was only one vehicle, a forest green Ford Explorer parked in front of the house. Elton noticed a satellite dish on the roof and remembered that most people in the mountains either had satellite or cable service. The tall mountains were murder on broadcast signals.
Jean Collins was a petite woman with dark hair and she had fair skin for someone fifty-five years old. Elton sat in his car looking at her standing on the porch with her arms resting by her side wondering if the mountain air and fresh spring water was the reason she didn't look a year over forty. Getting out of the car he smiled at her and she waved. Even from a distance, he could see that she had large blue eyes and her smile was beautiful. Just looking at her warmed his heart and he felt a little more comfortable about meeting her.
"Pleasant day, isn't it?" Elton walked around the rear of the car and approached the porch. Feeling like he had known her forever, he stopped in front of the concrete steps and studied her. She had a refreshing look about her like a flower on a spring day just after a warm spring rain.
"It sure is," she said. "Please come on up and have a seat over there." She pointed to several metal chairs that needed a fresh coat of paint. Elton surmised that a man could spend a long time fixing up the place. He wasn't going to volunteer. He'd spent thirty years fixing up his own place. That was enough for him and he still wasn't finished working on it. "Would you like something to drink? I have fresh lemonade and soft drinks?" Jean pointed toward a galvanized steel bucket filled with ice cubes and soft drink cans. A frosty pitcher was nearby along with two glasses. It was filled with lemonade. She had been expecting him and looking forward to his visit, obviously.
"Sure," he said stepping up on the porch and sitting down in a chair with his back to the road. "My throat is kind of dry. Driving all that distance makes me feel old. Every bone in my body aches. That lemonade looks good and cold. I'll have a glass of that, if you don't mind."
"Oh, you're not old, Mr. Markham. We just can't do all the things we used to do when we were younger." She picked up the pitcher and poured a glass full. As she started to give it to him a troubled look appeared on her face. "You know something, I never even got your name. You are Mr. Markham, aren't you?"
"Of course," Elton assured her. "And, I assume you are Mrs. Jean Collins. Is that correct?"
"Yes, but you can call me Jean. I'm not married."
Elton looked at her and smiled. She gave him the glass of lemonade and he took a big drink before speaking. "Not married? Does that mean that you were married and something happened or that you never actually married?"
"My husband died a few years ago. He had brain cancer. It got him before the doctors realized he was even sick. It was too far advanced and they couldn't even operate. A couple of years before he died, he became almost totally incoherent. Some people thought he was crazy. I tend to think that the tumor drove him mad. The radiation killed him. We never had kids and it has been a lonely life since he passed on."
"I know the feeling," Elton said. "I have been there and am still there. Don't worry though, someone will come along and things will get better. I just try to stay busy."
"Sure they will," she said. "I find myself going to the library, to the store and shopping a lot. I guess just keeping busy helps." After pouring herself a glass of lemonade, she sat down in a metal chair facing Elton. "It is difficult."
"Yes it is," he agreed. "We'll get through it." Elton sighed wondering if he should begin asking questions. Jean seemed relaxed and in a good mood. Her cheerfulness was part of her normal personality, he guessed. If so, then he hated to dampen her spirits by calling up old memories that she might not want to talk about. For a brief moment he wanted to be someplace else until he realized that Jean had some of the same problems he had. They both were without a companion and they both were suffering from being alone. "Nice place you have here," he finally ended up saying. "I love the country. Cincinnati is such a violent place as is most large cities these days."
"We have our problems too," she said, still smiling. "We have drug dealers, murder, robbery and all the things most places have. Fortunately, we have good law enforcement and I feel reasonably safe out here by myself. The woods that surround my place sometimes concern me so I stay out of them. There are rattlesnakes and perhaps a few two-legged creatures in there I don't want to meet. At night, I keep my doors and windows secured. Sometimes, I hear things."
Jean stared off into the shady areas beneath tall oak and maple trees where Elton thought you didn't need air conditioning. Her smile faded and worry lines dominated her temple. "I hear things I can't recognize," she whispered barely loud enough for him to hear her.
"What kind of things are you talking about?"
"Sometimes there are screams out there in the night," she said and her eyes widened. "Other times I hear loud voices, wolves howling and things like that. My nearest neighbor is several miles away and I don't think they go into the woods at night either. It is alarming when you are here by yourself."
"I bet it is," Elton said. "Who, or what do you think is out there in those woods, Jean?"
She hung her head and then looked up at him. "I don't know, Elton. It could be just about anything, I suppose. I know all about the normal sounds of crickets and insects, except these sounds are not anything I have ever heard and I have lived near the woods all my life."
"Perhaps it is just a wild animal," Elton suggested. "Some animals make strange sounds. Another possibility is that humans have destroyed the animals habitats by building roads, parking lots and office buildings leaving them with no place to go. Perhaps coyotes, wolves or bears have moved into the area and that is what you have been hearing."
"I don't think so," she said. "I have heard all those things and the only sound I have heard that was familiar were the coyotes. I have seen them in the woods during the day. Most of the time, they are harmless unless they really get hungry."
"Yes, I believe so," Elton said. "What did the screams sound like? Could they have been an animal?"
"Perhaps," she said. "Except, they sounded more like human screams." She took a drink of lemonade and then sat back in her chair with her eyes focused on the woods for a few seconds. "Elton, we need to do a lot of talking, and, I just don't mean about the creatures in the woods either. There are a lot of things you don't know. I have a funny feeling I understand your true purpose in coming here."
Elton shook his head. He was startled by her revelation and the fact that she probably had guessed his real reason for visiting her. "Well, yeah. I was deceitful because I told you a fib about why I was coming here. I am a writer, except I'm not working on a book about your family. I do have a lot of questions that need to be answered. I think that you are the only one that can help me."
"I don't know a lot, but I do know more than I want to know," she said. "As painful as it is talking about my family's past, I will still do what I have to do. This is the first time any outsider has inquired about Jack Bernard and his family. They were a strange bunch and my mother hated him."
"Did she say why she hated him, Jean?"
"She always said that he brought an evil entity into our family and cast a spell on us. Do you believe in vampires, Elton? Do you?"
"Perhaps," he admitted. "There are many things we do not understand. Laws of physics that work on earth may not be applicable in other environments such as out in space or on another planet. Just maybe aliens, if they exist, have come here in the past and they come here now. Maybe they are so different from us we wouldn't recognize them or we don't associate them with creatures from another world. Yes, vampires could exist and I strongly believe that a person should keep an open mind in such matters. In fact, Jean, I have seen a creature of the night that looks like a shadow. He threatened me and told me not to come here. Sometimes, he looks like a shadow and at other times he looks solid with a few features. The other night he was dressed in a black hooded robe. Does that sound like anything you have heard about?"
Her face turned morose. It was as if all the blood in her body drained into the ground while he watched. He wondered if she was okay. The mention of the creature had transformed her from a beautiful, cheerful person into a nervous, quivering mass of flesh. "My mother didn't tell us much about him or about Jack," she said. "My mother was the daughter of Jack Bernard's only daughter. Jack's wife was murdered before she saw her daughter get married. Her daughter, Thelma, had two girls. One of them was named Amanda. Later she became Amanda Stone. The other was called Tammy. Later, she became Tammy Calhoun. Tammy got married but died before she had any children. Amanda had two daughters and one son. One of those girls name was Nancy Byrd and the other one was, of course, me, Jean Collins. Nothing much was said about my grandfather until I was about sixteen and his name was mentioned when Nancy and me were just sitting around talking to our mother one hot summer afternoon. She told us that we must never tell what she was about to tell us. She said that the only reason she was telling us in the first place was to protect us from harm. My mother made us swear on the bible that we would never reveal what she was telling us. That day was one of the worst in my life. It changed my life forever."
Elton was worried about Jean Collins. Her hands trembled as she spoke softly. She often glanced around as if she expected a terrible monster to come crashing up through the concrete floor to devour her, or carry her away to some horrible place. "Are you sure you feel like talking about this?"
Shaking her head in approval she forced a weak smile. "It might be good to get this out in the open. After all, what harm can it be? I'm sure that everything that was told, the rumors, if you will, weren't all true. Of course, in every rumor I suppose there is a little truth. So, with that in mind, I'll only tell you what my mother told us that day. Is that fair enough, Mr. Markham?"
Elton nodded his head even though he thought that might be too much for her to handle. He could tell that years of worry and concern over the family secret had caused her great harm. How much of the truth could she remember and how much of it would be fiction, memories that had become blurred beyond the truth. He was about to take one step beyond twilight, a trip that he might not ever recover from. Was it worth the price of a ticket just to try and keep his sanity? "Tell me what you can. I'll make a few notes. Possibly we both can come to a conclusion or the truth and perhaps that will help both of us have a little peace of mind."
"Okay, here goes," she said and took a deep breath letting it out slowly. "Are you ready?"
"Go ahead," Elton said as he pulled a notebook and pen from his pocket.
"I'll make this as short as possible," she replied. "There isn't that much to tell. Nonetheless, it might take a few minutes to get it all together."
"Take your time. I have plenty of that, or at least until I leave this world, whenever that might be."
Jean folded her wrinkled hands and rested them on her lap. "Jack and Mary were married without the approval of Mary's parents in 1928. My mother said that everyone knew Jack was a bootlegger and that he was headed for trouble. In those days, times were tough and people made a living as best as they could. Jack supposedly had a little money, enough to buy the house where you now live. Mary loved him and married him anyway. They had not been married long until they moved into the house in 1930, or sometime around then. Obviously, Jack continued his association with the gangsters that operated in that era. He kept his business activities from Mary. When he never came home until four in the morning, she forgave him and went on with her life hoping things would get better and he'd get a regular job. That never happened."
Elton nodded his head indicating that he understood. He sighed. "That is primarily what my neighbor, Margaret told me," he said. "She said that Jack was involved with gangsters or something. There were always weird people coming to the house. They looked tough and dangerous. When were their children born?"
"After they bought the house. The boy was the oldest. He was born about six months after they moved to their new home. The girl was born a year later. Jack began to stay up nights and Mary became concerned because he rarely ever slept. The doctor told her it was something like advanced insomnia. Mary began to wonder what was bothering him so she asked him who the men were he hung out with. Jack became furious. On a cold winter night when the snow was deep Mary and a friend  followed him to a house in a small town near Blanchester. The house was huge and old. It stood like an evil, dark sentinel at the edge of a forest. They peeked through a basement window and what they saw changed their lives forever. Jack Bernard was the leader of some type of devil cult. There were six women in the basement. They were all dressed in dark clothing and they were drinking something that looked like blood from Mason fruit jars. As they chanted and called upon an unknown being to appear before them, Mary and the other woman trembled in horror in the cold outside."
"That must have been an experience," Elton said. "What exactly did they see? Were these people human or were they something else entirely?"
"Oh, they were human okay," Jean said. "In fact, Mary recognized a few of the women. They all were from the neighborhood and they all disappeared within a year. While Mary and the other womanI never knew what her name was, my mother didn't saywatched, Jack sucked blood from the necks of the women. When Jack bared his long sharp teeth and looked at the window where Mary and the woman were, she could see his bloody fangs when he snarled at them. Knowing their presence had been compromised, they fled into the woods. For many hours they wandered around until they finally found their way back to their car. The two terrified women vowed never to tell anyone what they had seen. Mary later said that she knew Jack and at least two of the women were chasing them through the dark woods. When Jack came home a couple of days later, there was an argument that led to Mary taking the kids and leaving."
"So that is the reason she left him," Elton said as he took another drink of lemonade. "She caught him in the act. Do you think that he was a real vampire or were they just some kind of vampire club, or something?"
"He was not a vampire at that time," she explained. "According to my mother, Jack and the women conjured up an evil spirit, a demon, and he transformed them all into vampires. The secret of the disappearance of the women is that Jack murdered them all at the request of the demon. He wanted their souls and he got them."
Elton put his glass on a nearby stand and wrote a few words in his notebook. Sitting back in his chair he crossed his legs and sighed. "This is troubling," he said. "Everyone I have talked to has told me pretty much the same story except some of the facts are different. From what I can surmise, Mary took the children and left for one reason or another. Your explanation seems like the most logical one because it explains several things about Jack Bernard. He was evil from the beginning. Evil, or a negative attitude usually attracts evil. That is why he had all those evil men around him all the time. It isn't hard to see a person like that mixing with beautiful women for the sole purpose of making them his own. Vampire movies were big back in those days. Those movies set the standard for how we looked at vampires in later years. Those women were probably drinking tomato juice spiked with some drug that Jack put in their drinks. Please remember that he was in a gang that was known to sell not only beer but also was involved in the prostitution and drug dealing rackets. Jack would have drugged them and then when he had them hooked he could make them do almost anything he wanted them to do. They were probably involved in prostitution and a few other things. Jack had them convinced that he was some kind of grand demon or something. One thing led to another and they got into summoning up demons. Being the bungler that he was, Jack accidentally stumbled onto an ancient book, or something of that nature, that gave him the idea of summoning demons. My next question has been bothering me and I think you might have the answer, Jean. Why did the demon want Jack to kill all the women? Were they a threat to him in some way we don't understand?"
"Of course," she said. Her fingers tightened around the glass and her hand trembled. "The demon was in the form of a shadow. He did not have any distinctive features except he was like a shadow, a thing that can hide in the darkness just a few seconds beyond the twilight. The way my mother explained it was that the creature demanded that Jack kill the women so it could collect their souls, their spirits, if you will. He was a soul collector. Since he was a spirit himself, he could not kill anyone and collect the souls. He had to select someone, target them, and cause them to die so he could reap the rewards. The more souls he collected, the stronger he became, and the more solid he became. When he became strong enough he could do things like most humans. He could pick up things, throw a baseball and even drive a truck, if he wanted to."
"Ah," Elton replied, "that explains why Jack killed so many people without a known reason. He wasn't a sex predator or anything like that, he was just following the orders of the creature."
"That is exactly right," Jean said. "Mary saw Jack several times after that before he killed her too. Before Mary died she told Thelma that the creature had a name. He is called Raun. We looked for it in the bible and couldn't find his name there. The closest demon with such a name is Raum or something like that. Oh, I can't remember. It was so long ago, but yes, I do believe that his name was Raun."
"I didn't know that they had attached any of the murders to Jack Bernard. He somehow managed to elude the law," Elton said. "Perhaps he had enough money to pay off the right people." He stood up and paced across the concrete floor a few times before settling back into his chair again. His legs and muscles didn't allow him to sit very long. The arthritis bothered him most when rains came and it was damp. Now, stress was causing it to give him a hard time. 
"Some have suggested that," Jean said. "My mother said that the demon haunted Jack for the rest of his days. Obviously, the demon finally collected Jack's soul when he could no longer find a use for Jack. Some have also suggested that the demon, Raun, wanted Jack to do something horrible and Jack refused. Then Raun killed him. Nobody seems to know what the demon demanded of Jack. Whatever it was, it had to be something horrible. My mother thought that Raun cast a curse on Jack and his family, forever. We have had a lot of tragedy in our lives. I suppose everyone has that though."
"Why would he be interested in me? Do you have any ideas?"
"None," she said. "You aren't even kin to us, as far as I know. If you were part of the family then I might be able to say that he was after your soul. You aren't evil so there doesn't seem to be a logical reason for him to bother you."
"My thoughts exactly," Elton said. "He seemed to appear after my wife passed on. I don't think that my wife was part of your family either, Jean and she most certainly wasn't evil."
"Nothing make sense," she said. "Unless." Jean paused for a few seconds thinking about what she was about to say. "Unless your wife was married to a family member before she met you."
Elton felt his heart beat faster. Why hadn't he thought of that? His wife had been married before and her first husband had died of cancer several years before Elton met her. "Yes, she was married before. Her first husband died. You don't think?"
"I think we need to have a long talk with an old man who lives in the woods and understands such things," she said. "Are you brave enough to enter those woods to seek the truth, Mr. Markham?"
Elton felt himself gasp before he could stop himself. His heart pounded and sweat poured out the pores in his face like a river running over its banks. "I don't know," he said. "I guess there is only one way to find out." He glanced at the woods where shadows were abundant and knew that the shadow man, Raun, might just be waiting for him.

6

* * * * *

Event 7

Elton could not envision himself entering those dark woods on any kind of mission, even if it meant he could save millions of lives. It was dark and foreboding and he was quite sure that hundreds of rattlesnakes, copperheads and other dangerous creatures dwelled there. It was quite possible, he supposed, that dark living shadows were there also. For a brief moment he stared at the woods until he felt warm hands holding his. Turning his head, he looked into the frightened eyes of Jean Collins. She was close and he thought that she had a lot of beauty in her lovely face for a woman almost his age. Her skin was wrinkle and blemish free. Her eyes were as clear as a cool brook in spring and they were full of life, something that you didn't see in some people her age, especially when they lived alone. When love was gone all that was left was loneliness and despair. Living alone had not seemed to take away her youthful look. Before he could give that subject another thought she smiled at him. "You aren't afraid, are you Elton. We'll have each other and it's only a few miles to his house. Mr. Jonas Parsons understands and knows about such things. Even though he doesn't share his life with many people, he has come to visit me a few times. I guess he gets lonely too."
"How far is it to his house?"
"Almost two miles, maybe a little more than that, actually," she said. "He's about our age and has lived alone since his wife died two years ago. He has two daughters and they live in Ohio." Her face saddened like a dark cloud had passed overhead. "I don't think they have come to visit him since his wife passed away. That is sad. He is such a nice man and never bothers anyone."
"That is typical," Elton agreed. "One of the partners dies and the other one is left to fend for themselves. I know because that is what I'm going through now. This coming August my wife will have been gone for a year. I wonder sometimes if I will make it, or if I really want to make it."
"That's awful," she said. "Nursing homes are full of lonely, forgotten people. When we get old we aren't important to very many people anymore. I'm really sorry to hear about your wife. I really am sorry and I feel for you. If I can ever do anything for you then I sure will. All you have to do is to ask, Elton."
"I will do that, except I'm hoping to find out a few answers so I can enjoy the rest of my life, Jean. You said that your husband died. Did you see anything strange before or after his death?"
For a brief second, Elton thought that her face was lost in a shadow. When she looked up at him her face had brightened. "Mr. Parsons will have all the answers," she promised. "He used to be a professor and taught physics at a big university out in California before moving here about twenty years ago. Somebody said that he left the big city because he wrote a best selling book on the occult and the paranormal. I have searched the internet and never found his name or any books he has written. I never asked him about it because I thought he might be embarrassed." Resting her elbow on the arm of the chair, she looked at Elton and sighed. "As for your question; no, there was nothing unusual except for all the birds and animals that hung out here then. For several months before he died squirrels, birds and other creatures filled the meadow, the trees and many even hung out on the porch. We never fed them since there was usually plenty of food for them to eat in the forest. A few weeks after Norton, my husband died, they slowly drifted away. It was almost like they knew he was going to die and they escorted him into another world."
"That makes sense," Elton noted, "I had a similar situation around my house when my wife passed on. Strange globes and spheres appeared on my security cameras." He paused and glanced at the forest. It was hot and he was glad to be sitting on a porch in the shade with a cold glass of lemonade in his hands. Sometimes, the shadowy forest looked inviting until he realized that the chilly woods could become his cold grave. "Would you like to go see him now, Jean? Can we drive to his house or do we have to walk? I don't see a road through the forest, or even an animal trail."
"There is a driveway," she said. "You have to drive down the main road past my lane and then take the road into the woods. I think we better drive. I don't want to walk through there. The woods are thick and there are a lot of snakes around."
"I agree," Elton declared. "I was hoping I wouldn't have to face those snakes." He neglected telling Jean that it wasn't the snakes he was most worried about. Even shadows could be deadly. Shall we go? Do you have to lock up the house or take your medicine before we go?"
"I'm fine with my medicine," she said. "And, I always lock the house when I go away. Let me get my purse and I have some pickles I canned this summer. I want to take Mr. Parsons a couple of jars. He enjoys them so much."
When she returned Elton opened the passenger door for her and she got in. Some women didn't like a gentleman's courtesy except Jean didn't seem to mind at all. 
"Just point me in the right direction," he said as he backed up into the yard and headed back toward the main road. "I'm a little bit apprehensive about meeting Mr. Parsons, but I guess I'll be all right once we have met."
"Sometimes, you don't like doing new things or meeting new people when you get older," she said. "It sort of goes with aging, I guess."
Jonas Parsons lived at the end of a graveled driveway that ended at a small white frame house set near a quiet, deep creek. "He likes isolation," Elton said. "It must really get lonely back here. The trees aren't more than fifty feet from the house in any direction you look. The woods look dense."
"It is lonely when you are alone," Jean replied. "I can't imagine him living way back here all by himself and not freaking out. I call and check on him about twice a week. If he fell or something, I'm not sure how he would get help. It might be days or weeks before anyone found him. He wanders the woods a lot looking for ginseng and other herbs he uses."
"What does he use them for? Is he some kind of wizard or something?"
"He sells the ginseng and some other plants and roots," she explained. "He even told me that he uses some of the plants to treat himself. Many of the older generation did that. Some of the cures they had really worked."
"My mother told me about that when I was little. She even had a cure for cuts that would stop bleeding as long as it wasn't a gusher. I know the Native Americans used plants for just about everything." Elton parked the car at the end of the drive and turned the engine off. Looking at Jean he said, "Do you think that creature Jack Bernard loosed on us is a vampire or something else? That question has been bothering me ever since I first heard about it."
"Jack Bernard was a vampire," she said. "My mother was specific about that. When the family realized there was something terribly wrong with him, they deserted him. He became that way after they summoned that creature, Raun. So, we can only assume that Raun started out as a demon and ended up taking on a more human form, and eventually turned into a vampire."
"I wonder where he really came from?" Elton pulled the handle on his door and pushed the door open. "Could he have come from the hereafter, another world?"
Jean opened her door and got out. Elton stood on the other side of the car looking over the top at her. Jean reached inside the car and took her purse from the seat where she had left it. "He seems to have come into this world as a spirit, a shadow creature. That is the way he was when Jack Bernard conjured him up. As he possessed more souls, spirits, he became a demon of some kind. I guess that demon required blood for sustenance so he slowly transformed into a vampire. Heaven only knows how many women he has converted into his kind, or killed."
 Elton walked around the car and met her in front of it. They glanced at the house. There was nobody there to greet them. "He only feeds on women?"
"Well, all of those women that were murdered had the blood drained from their bodies."
Elton felt like a hammer fell out of the sky and struck his foot. "I had never heard that. All I heard was that they were murdered. How come it didn't make it into the papers or on the news? I looked on the internet while I was doing my research and didn't find any news stories from those times about that. The papers just said they had been horribly murdered."
"My mother told me that the coroner kept it quiet because they didn't want to cause a panic."
"I can see that," Elton said. "What was Jacks' role in all this? Did he conjure up the demon and then provide it with females so it could feed? If so, then he became its servant, more or less. He watched and served it as the demon grew stronger from all the young women he supplied."
"Female blood must have contained something that the demon needed," she suggested.
"Not necessarily," Elton said. "Maybe the demon preferred women. He probably hated men more than he did women, or women were easier to seduce. That would explain why he let Jack Bernard live. Jack was his servant and the demon didn't want him as a blood-supplier. Jack supplied the young women for the demon."
They stood facing each other in front of the vehicle. With a questioning, puzzled look on her face, she stared at Elton for a moment. "Then, how did Jack become a vampire?"
"We are certain that he was a vampire because his wife and several other people have said that," Elton said, thoughtfully. "The demon probably took of his blood to make him a vampire so he would have to serve him. It was a move on the demons' part to force Jack to do all the things that were necessary for the survival of the demon." Elton paused and looked toward the house. "Well, shall we see if Mr. Jonas Parsons is at home?"
She started walking toward the house. The house still looked as vacant and dead as it had when they arrived. Suddenly, she stopped and faced Elton. "If Jack Bernard died of natural causes, even a heart attack, then that means that he was human, or we are facing a different kind of vampire than we are customarily used to, Elton. Vampires don't die unless you drive a stick into their hearts and that is a fact. They are already dead, don't you think?"
"That's the way they have portrayed it in movies and countless books," Elton agreed. "We may have to restructure our way of thinking. This is the new century and things have changed a lot. Evolution makes changes to every other form of life based on necessity so why can't vampires change as well?"
"They can," she said. "I'm convinced of it. Jack Bernard was a vampire. He was a vampire after he conjured up that creature and it became a vampire. My mother was very specific about that. So, I guess that means that he died and his body was buried. If that is so, then his spirit could come back as a demon and then transgress to the vampire stage, if he follows the tradition of Raun."
"Let's see if we can rouse Mr. Parsons and see what he can tell us. I wish I had put my forty caliber around my waist. It's still in the back seat."
"Mr. Parson isn't dangerous," she insisted in defense of the old man. "He is virtually harmless."
"I'm not worried about him," Elton declared. "It's everything else in these woods that worries me." Glancing toward the woods and the shadows that seemed to creep closer to the house every time he looked in that direction, he shivered. "How long have you known him?"
"For several years," was her answer. "He is a very mysterious man. People claim that he has a new religion that he won't disclose to anyone except a few trusted friends. Parsons claims that his religion will allow all religions to coexist without the wars and brutality we have had in the past. Parsons is afraid to write a book about it because he might become a figurehead of some type and he doesn't want to end up being crucified like Jesus."
"That makes sense, or at least it does to me," Elton declared. As he spoke his voice drifted off into silence as he stared toward the rear of the house. From the front of the house he could not see much except two tall oak trees with spreading limbs and the side of a wooden building that had been white at some point in time. Now, the paint was peeling. However, the peeling paint on the old building wasn't what had caught his attention. Buzzards were circling over the rear of the house. Elton looked at Jean with a concerned look on his face. "I'll walk you back to my car and get my gun. You better lock yourself in the car, just in case. I don't know what is going on, except I think something is out of the ordinary."
"I'll do no such thing," she said and that didn't surprise Elton. "I'm not going to let you go back there alone. It's probably just a wild animal, or something, maybe a deer that got back there and died. These woods are full of animals, even bears."
Elton knew it was futile to argue with her. She might be safer with him anyway since he would have a gun and knew how to use it. She could be right, he thought. The smell he detected on the slight breeze that blew in from the southwest could be anything, except he thought it had the odor of a human. As a security guard in a nursing home for a long time he'd smelled death many times. It was an unpleasant odor. "Fine," he finally said. "Please just stay behind me and keep alert. I think after I get the gun we'll knock on the front door and see if anyone responds. He might be in the house sleeping or something. If that doesn't produce any response we'll have no recourse but to explore the back yard. Agreed?"
"Sure, Elton," she whispered. "Get your gun and I'll keep my eyes open for someone to come to the door."
He left her standing on the sidewalk that led up to the front porch while he retrieved his weapon. The Taurus Millennium PT-140 felt heavy in his hands but he was glad to have it. Pulling his green polo shirt up he strapped the belt around his waist just above his pants. The holstered gun was situated so he could make a cross draw. He felt comfortable with that setup even though his instructor in weapons class had argued against it. Elton pulled most of his shirt down leaving the gun exposed where he could quickly retrieve it. Together, they walked up on the porch and Elton knocked as hard as he could on the door not expecting anyone to answer it. There was something especially evil about the house that sent chills down his spine like water over a waterfall.
Jean felt that evil too and that caused Elton to wonder if they should have come here at all. A voice in his mind told him to take the lady, get in the car and drive away as fast as he could, except, there was no way he was going to do it. If the old man was still alive he might be able to provide Elton with valuable information that he needed as much as he needed peace of mind and his wife back.
Walking side by side, they walked toward the house now fully aware that something must be amiss. Whatever that something was meant they might be in danger. Either the man they'd come to see, Mr. Jonas Parsons, was sleeping or he was dead. If he was just sleeping, they needed to talk to him. Making sure his weapon was concealed under his shirtthe last thing he wanted to do was scare the old manElton stepped upon the porch and knocked on the door. Jean stood behind him so close he could hear her breathing. He knocked again. Nobody answered. The front door was open and he could see into the living room and kitchen through the glass in the storm door. Reaching out, he pulled on the storm door and discovered that it was not locked. "I guess he doesn't get much company out here," he said. 
"Or, he forgot to lock the door," Jean said. "Perhaps we should go inside. Keep yelling for him. He might just be asleep."
"Mr. Parsons, are you home?" Elton's voice echoed from the walls in the back rooms of the house and he felt a tingling in his spine that extended from his neck to his toes. "Mr. Parsons. We're here to talk to you."
Nobody answered except for a sudden breeze that bowed limbs against the window in the front room. They stepped inside and Jean joined her voice with his as they searched the house. Elton drew his gun and pulled the slider back allowing a cartridge to be loaded into the chamber. With his thumb he put the safety in active mode. It would only take a second for him to release the safety and fire if he needed to do so. "There is nobody in the house and it looks like he was getting ready to have his lunch," Elton said pointing toward the kitchen table. "He set his plate and poured coffee. His cup is full." Touching the side of the cup Elton looked at Jean. "Cold to the touch. That means it has been there for a while." The eggs and bacon in the pan were cold also. "Looks like he was having breakfast, or getting ready to eat. That means that he was interrupted about seven hours ago. Let's look outside."
They opened the back screen door and stepped out on the back porch which was more of a deck than a traditional porch. Elton glanced around and knew that the house had a history. Many families had probably grown up here and moved on to somewhere else. How many had died here? How many spirits roamed the premises? None, or many? The back yard extended all the way to where the woods began more than a quarter of a mile away. An old graying barn stood there as if waiting for the forest to swallow it up. Closer to the house were two sheds that Elton recognized right away. One of the dilapidated buildings had probably once been a smoke house where meat was cured. The other building was definitely a work shop of some kind. Most old farms had buildings where tools were kept and where work could be done on farm equipment. As Elton took it all in, Jean grabbed his arm and screamed.
Elton looked at where she was pointing.
His heart felt as if it might swell up and pop right through his chest. There was a four-by-four pole in the ground about fifty yards from the buildings, in the middle of a meadow. It was at least twelve feet tall above the ground, Elton estimated. 
It was a cross.
It was a cross with a human male hanging from it. He was naked and his head hung down on his chest. Buzzards were flying high overhead. All of them were in the air, except one and it was sitting on his shoulder picking flesh from the old mans' face. 
Jean screamed until she could not scream anymore. 
The buzzard fussed and faked a quick departure except it only flew a few feet away and landed on top of one of the sheds watching every move they made. They had interrupted his meal and he was angry. He let them know about it by constantly fussing at them.
 "Oh, my God," Jean screamed. "This can't be happening, especially to an old man who never bothered anybody. Who could have done such a thing, Elton? Why?"
"I thought you might know, or have guessed," he answered. "Somebody, or some thing did not want Parsons to talk to anybody, especially us."
"You think maybe that Raun did this to prevent us from finding out more about him?"
"I suppose," Elton said. A feeling of helplessness and fear washed over him. If Raun could torture a person like this, what else was he capable of? What was his secret that he did not want exposed?"
"I don't know," she declared in a shaky voice. "Whatever it is, Raun is willing to kill in order to keep it secret so we better be careful."
With his Taurus in his right hand, Elton reached over and patted her shoulder. "Are you okay?"
She nodded her head and tried to smile. "It will take more than him to scare me away from the truth. It's just that I liked Mr. Parsons and then this happens to him. What are we going to do? Should we take him down or call the sheriff?"
"I don't know for sure," Elton said. "We have to call the sheriff so they can take care of Mr. Parsons. I just wish we could find out what the creature was doing here in the first place. Was this the first time Mr. Parsons had contact with Raun?"
Jeans face turned white as alabaster and Elton wondered if she wasn't going to drop to the ground any second. "What is wrong? We better step back up on the deck and I'll get you a wet wash cloth to put on your face. Do you feel dizzy or anything?"
"Just a little," she said. "There is something we need to look for before we call"
Unable to finish the sentence, she toppled to the ground. Elton shoved his gun into the holster on his left side and grabbed at her. It was too late to stop her fall but he did manage to prevent her from hitting a nearby flower pot. Carefully, he carried her to the deck and made her comfortable on an old couch Parsons had probably used for afternoon naps. The overhead roof would have protected him from sun and rain. Elton wished Parsons was there to help him with Jean, except he knew Parsons would never help anyone else, ever. By the time Elton returned with a pan full of cold water and a wash cloth, Jean was coming around. Her eyes were rolled back into her head and it took her a few moments to realize what had happened as Elton washed her face and neck. "Relax," he said. "You'll be fine in a moment. You just had too much sun and too much excitement. How do you feel now?"
"I'm better," she said attempting to sit up. Momentary giddiness overtook her and she had to lean back against the couch. "Elton, please see if Mr. Parsons has a Coke or something with a lot of sugar in it in his refrigerator. I'm diabetic. I think some sugar would help. I'm low on energy."
"I understand, Jean. I'm diabetic too. I'll be right back."
When he returned with a glass of orange juice, she was sitting up and her color had returned. "This is all that I could find. I hope you like it. At least it is cold and it has sugar in it, lots of it."
When she finished drinking the orange juice while Elton sat next to her on the couch, she put the glass on a nearby stand and looked around at Elton. "We have to find something that Mr. Parsons showed me one day last summer when I was over here. That was the last time I saw him, until today. We were close friends. He was an extremely intelligent person, Elton. Einstein would have been proud of him."
Elton looked around him at the old house and the decaying sheds. Some of them must have been around for at least a hundred years. Judging from the condition of the house and buildings, the state of the property, Mr. Parsons had not spent a lot of time or money on keeping the property up to even the lowest standards. Either he had been busy with other things or he wasn't too worried about how the place looked. An old house in an isolated area always had intrigued Elton. There was something mysterious and horrifying about it. "I have no doubt that he was intelligent, but what was it that he showed you that is so important? A recluse doesn't usually share much with other people."
"We were close," she proclaimed. "Elton, we were intimate a couple of times and I know that may surprise you, except he was such a handsome man. Even in his old age he was a debonair man with a sense of humor and pleasant to be around. I suppose that we both were lonely so the natural thing happened. We decided not to see each other on a regular basis because of his work. He said that it was the most important work in the world. He explained that he wanted to see me on occasion, except he would not have too much time to spend with me. Jonas explained that he had to finish his research. He said that the world depended on him. I never asked what he was doing or anything. I was just happy to have someone to talk to every now and then. I was lonely too. It was apparent that he really did love me. I think I'm the only one he had ever showed his research books to. Those are the books, the black books, that we must find before we call the law. We have to find them Elton."
Elton gazed at her through tinted glass for a few seconds. "What books are you talking about?"
"The ones he showed me and told me never to tell anyone else about. He said that if anything happened to him and I knew about it I should attempt to recover the books and give them to his brother in California. He said his brother would understand. His name is Nick Parsons. I have his contact information in my desk at home."
"If Raun was here, he may have already gotten them," Elton replied. "We had better get on with the search, if you feel like helping me."
"I feel better now," she said. "Thanks. He used to keep them behind the old cabinet in the living room. They were in a hole in the wall behind that cabinet. You had to pull it out to find the hole."
"Let's begin there, then," Elton said taking her small hand in his. With his help, she was able to arise from the couch. She stood there for a few moments letting her dizziness drift away. "What was in the books? Did he say?"
"He showed me. Jonas Parsons was a scientist. He taught classes at the University of Southern California until he became a paranormal investigator. Ghosts and things like that interested him. At first, it was just a hobby. Then he came across several cases that intrigued him and dragged him into a living nightmare. The Jack Bernard case was one of several that sucked him right in and he left the University where he was teaching and devoted his time to the study of these remarkable occurrences."
"But," Elton said, "the Jack Bernard event is not exactly a ghost situation as far as I can figure out. It is more of a demon and vampire thing. Paranormal investigators usually stick to hunting ghosts and things like that."
"That is true," she said. "However, there is a paranormal aspect to it too."
"How so?"
"It involves the demon who clearly came from the other side. Or, at least that is what we think happened. Jack Bernard summoned the demon from the other side, from another world or from an invisible world that exists in our own dimension. Mr. Parsons told me a lot of things about that other world and I will tell you as soon as we have the books and the law has this under control. He also said that as soon as the demon, now known as Raun, gets super-strong he will open a gateway to that invisible world and let more evil beings into our world."
"Great," Elton replied. "That's all we need. What about all the good spirits like my wife who must exist in that other invisible world? Do they have to deal with the demons and the evil?"
"Don't worry, Elton. She is in the positive world while the evil demons and evil spirits are in the negative world. Now, let's get those books and call the cops."
In the living room with a large picture window looking out on the front porch and the forest in the distance, they pulled out the bookcase with glass panes in the doors and looked in a hole in the wall behind it. There was nothing there. The books were gone. 
Despondent, Jean stared at the empty space. "I don't understand. This is where he kept them. Maybe Raun made him talk. I'm sure he must have tortured poor Mr. Parsons until he talked. Raun is a demon of sorts you know and they are notorious for making people suffer."
"Could be," Elton agreed. Standing by the book cabinet, he glanced around the room. An old television that had seen better days was near the picture window. Considering the dust on it, Elton didn't think that Mr. Parsons had watched much television. When Elton realized that the television was analog and not digital he knew that Parsons could not have watched anything unless he had cable. He had not seen anything that would indicate he had satellite or cable. Something puzzled him. "An intelligent man like Jonas Parsons would keep up with the news. That old television set will not receive the new digital channels so he could not have gotten the news or weather that way. There aren't any newspapers laying around. Jean, did he have a computer?"
"Why? I'm more worried about finding those books."
"I know," Elton assured her. "But, if he had a computer maybe he kept copies of his research on it."
Her eyes brightened and she smiled. "Of course. He has a laptop in his office. It is a combination office and library. That is where he spent most of his time."
The library was small. It contained a desk where a laptop was located. Several bookcases along three of the walls were filled with books. Boxes of books were on the floor. None of them were the ones they were looking for. Jean had described them as record books or journals with black covers.  There was a fireplace and it caught Elton's attention even before he noticed the laptop. Walking over to the fireplace, he noticed that thin swirls of smoke rose up into the chimney. Someone had burned something. "Look at this, Jean. I think I found the journals."
Using an iron poker Jean pushed some of the burned books aside so she could look at what was left of them. "Useless now," she declared. "They're mostly ashes."
Elton agreed. "Let's see the laptop. Apparently, Parsons had time to destroy the books before Raun arrived. That means that Parsons was expecting him. Let's hope that he didn't have time to destroy the records on the laptop."
"There isn't time," Jean warned. "Raun might still be around. Let's grab the laptop and his data disks and lock them in the trunk of the car. We can look at all that later."
"Isn't that sort of like stealing, or removing evidence from the scene of a crime?"
"No, it's more like trying to save the human race from destruction."
"Oh? Maybe you're right. Why don't you get a jar or something and put what's left of those books into it and maybe we can get something out of them. I saw a couple of empty fruit jars in the kitchen."
Jean hurried away to the kitchen even though she doubted that a few pieces of paper would reveal very much. What if Raun was still here? Just to be on the safe side, and she was a cautious woman, she took a sharp butcher knife from the counter and put it on the table near her. Then she found a plastic container with a lid that was big enough to contain all the scraps of paper from the book, that had survived the fire. Something inside her mind told her to get what she needed and get out of the house. It was a warning voice she always heeded.
Elton had the laptop and all the cables, a printer and a box of CDs Parsons apparently used for data storage in a large cardboard box by the time Jean returned with the container in her hand. They were dated and numbered without a title telling him what was on them. Moving quickly, they scooped up the pieces of burned paper with a fireplace shovel and put them in the container. Without hesitation, they left the room leaving no trace at all that a computer had ever been there. When they had locked everything in the trunk and Elton slammed the lid closed, he turned to Jean. "You get in the car and lock the door. I'm going to have a look at that body again. Maybe I can find something that will be useful to us. Once the sheriff arrives they will not let us near the crime scene again unless they escort us, of course."
"No way," she pleaded. "I'm not staying here alone. I'm going with you."
Elton didn't argue. He hoped she would not scream again.
Standing below the gruesome cross, they looked at the man who had been a living creature only a short time ago. Elton wished he could cover his nakedness so as to spare Jean the humiliation of seeing her lover in such a situation. He had a vague feeling she was suffering the loss of her friend a lot more than she was revealing. 
"What killed him?" Jean asked. She could not bare looking at him in his deplorable condition so she looked at Elton and at the woods. "I mean, victims on the cross usually die from starvation and dehydration, don't they? I don't see any wounds and he hasn't been out here long enough to starve to death."
For the first time, Elton realized that she was right. "He died from fear," he finally answered.
"How can you tell?"
"Look at his face."
"I guess you're right," she agreed. "Something scared him to death. The contortions on his face show extreme horror. Can't we take him down?"
"No, that would be tampering with evidence and we don't want the law to think that we touched anything, or took anything. It looks like this pole was put in the ground with a definite purpose in mind. It is buried deep and has concrete around it. I wonder if something else was here or if Raun put this pole here for a cross."
"The pole used to be part of Mr. Parson's clothesline. The other end of the clothesline was tied to that tree over there." She pointed to a large ash that towered far above the house. "See, the line is still over there. Raun just used it because it was already there and was convenient for him. He probably threatened poor Jonas until he died from fright. You can bet Jonas never told him where the books were. He was tough. Once he told me that he had been a marine in Vietnam."
Elton shook his head that he understood. Pulling out his cell phone he called the sheriff's office and informed them about the murder. Then he turned his attention to Jean. "This must be rough on you. Why don't we sit on the front porch until the law arrives."
Jean agreed and they talked while they waited for the sheriff's department to respond. It took nearly forty minutes for them to answer the call. When they did arrive, they brought the coroner, fire department and the life squad. They were not taking any chances. A murder out in the county didn't happen too often. 
It wouldn't be the last one.

7

* * * * * *

Event 8

Sheriff Ben Wilson wasted little time conducting the investigation which meant that Elton and Jean were subjected to numerous questions. They told him nothing about why they were there except they had come over to check on him. Since Elton was from out of state the sheriff was more than interested in him. The only explanation Elton gave him for being with Jean was that he was a writer and Jean had promised to show him some of the finer sights in West Virginia. When the sheriff had pried every bit of information out of them he thought he was going to get, he told them they could leave. He made sure he had their contact information before they drove away and headed home. Elton kept hoping they would not search his vehicle. In fact, he kept both fingers crossed. It was only when they neared Jeans home that he relaxed a little. 
They talked little for the first few miles. Then Jean spoke first. "You are welcome to stay tonight. There is plenty of beds to sleep in. You can have the guest room on the first floor."
Elton knew she didn't want to be alone and his business here wasn't exactly finished yet. "I can get a hotel room somewhere around close."
"No way," she said. "I have plenty of room, a lot of food and I wouldn't mind the company at all so you're stuck with me. Besides, we have a lot of work to do."
"I guess you're right, Jean. I appreciate it."
It was almost dark by the time they arrived at her house. Elton removed the computer and other items from the trunk of his car and followed Jean into the house. Unable to resist the temptation, he glanced at the woods for a few moments feeling as if something was watching him. The woods were full of eyes, he knew, some of them evil and many of them deadly. It was a different world under the canopy of limbs and leaves. It was a world of kill or be killed.
"You can work on the computer in the living room. Put it on the desk over there and turn on the light," Jean suggested. "I'll get us some snacks and something to drink."
While she prepared food and drinks Elton set the computer up on her desk and booted it up. Darkness had already claimed the land as its own by the time he sat down in a chair and searched the hard drives for the files he was looking for. He found them, the complete books, on several CDs and on the hard drive in the laptop. Nervous, he read a few pages and knew that Jonas Parsons had known about the creature they had identified as Raun. Did Raun know that Parsons knew so much about him? Elton was convinced that Raun did know and that he had gone after Parsons like a chicken hawk going after a chicken in the barnyard. Before he could read more he heard crashing, breaking dishes in the kitchen and then Jean screamed. 
Elton rushed to the kitchen. Bread was scattered on the floor and broken dishes were scattered all over the place. Jean stood in the middle of the room by the dining table pointing at the back door. The kitchen door was open. The screen door was closed just like they had left it earlier so cool air could circulate through the house. "What is it?" He almost whispered afraid he would scare an intruder away and he would not be able to capture him, or her. "What did you see?"
"Wilbur," she said. Pulling a chair back from the table she sat down and stared at the kitchen door. 
"Wilbur? Wasn't that the name of your husband?"
"Yes, it was. He was standing right there by the door when I turned around from the stove with dishes in my hand. I dropped them before I was able to stop myself. He was so real."
"Isn't he dead?"
"He died from cancer many years ago," she said.
"How can that be? I mean, if he is dead then how could he be here in this kitchen?"
"He isn't in the kitchen now," she declared. "He ran out the back door when I dropped the dishes."
"Did he open the door?"
"No," she said.
Elton thought about it for a moment before speaking. He wondered why Harvey was so quiet when he needed him. "How did he get out if he didn't open the door? You got me confused."
"He ran right through it."
Elton looked at her and wondered if the stress of seeing Mr. Parsons dead was getting to her. "You aren't making sense Jean. I'm confused. Nobody walks through a wall or a screen door without leaving a clue that they were there."
"Wilbur did. You should have been in here and you'd believe like I do," Jean stammered trying to defend herself even though the horror of it all had nearly decimated her. "I'm not crazy either. He was in here."
"I'm not claiming you're crazy," he said. "I'm just trying to put everything in its place and figure out what happened. You stay here and I'll check the back yard."
Jean attempted to protest. Didn't he know she didn't like to be left alone? Especially now, when she needed to be comforted and assured that she wasn't exactly a whacko. 
Elton was out the door and standing on the deck before she could utter a word of objection. Elton did not have time to adjust his eyes to the darkness in the meadow behind Jeans' house before he saw a blue light with a human figure in it about fifty yards away. It was a man with a bald head and a stomach that seemed to crawl over his belt. Elton thought he might be in his late forties. He had his back turned toward Elton. He stopped his slow march toward the woods. The blue light was like a protective aura surrounding the man. Elton remembered the time Raun zoomed away in a blue light. Maybe he had discovered a common denominator, Elton thought. 
Elton recalled the incident clearly. The shadow man had appeared, warned him and then disappeared in a brilliant ball of light. Did that blue light have some kind of connection with the other world? In an instant, he was gone in a bright flash that nearly blinded Elton. The creature became a translucent blue ball that resembled the silver moon above and zipped off into the night sky. He was gone before Elton knew what happened.
A cool breeze blew in from the southwest. It brushed against his face like a ghostly hand that sent shivers down his back as he stood there wondering if the man in the blue light was a ghost or something else entirely. Elton couldn't decide if he should run or stand his ground. Then he knew he couldn't run. There was no way. His feet were frozen to the ground and his legs were trembling. The man in the light turned around and faced him. Elton found himself moving, floating toward where the ghost of Jeans' husband stood waiting for him. Elton wanted to get away from the encounter as fast as he could. It was useless to resist his gradual movement toward the figure in blue. He wasn't walking under his own accord. He was floating like a hot air balloon carried by the wind.
"What do you want?" Elton forced the words out of his mouth as a lump as big as a bull frog developed in his throat and stayed there. "Who are you?"
The man, or ghost, spoke. His voice sounded like it came from a distant radio station and the radio speaker was almost shot. It faded in and out. Elton had to be extremely attentive before he could understand what the apparition was saying. 
"to see my wife and warn her. The being you know as Raun is very dangerous and he can harm you and others. He must be stopped. Beware! I know your wife, Sheri. She is safe and she sends her love to you. Sheri will contact you when she can. Protect my wife, please; will you Elton?"
Stunned, Elton stood like a statue of a Greek god sculptured from ice too horrified to move. Knowing he had to do something, except he didn't know how to get the frog out of his throat, he managed to utter a few words even though he thought he could not do so. Hesitant, he said, "I'll do everything I can to protect her. I think you know that. Please, how is my wife? Is she okay?"
"She is fine. Don't worry. There are many to protect her. You will see her again, however I can't promise when. Be extremely careful. You must keep Raun from getting those books, otherwise he will do great damage to all creatures on the earth. He is getting more powerful."
The ghost turned to go. By now, Elton was sure that he was conversing with a real ghost and not something that Raun had invoked for his benefit. The news that he might see his beloved wife again gave him new energy and he wanted to ask Mr. Wilbur Collins a million questions, yet he knew there wasn't time. Something in his mind, and heart told him that the ghost could not stay here very long. As the ghost walked away, the image Elton saw grew smaller and smaller until it disappeared into the shadows of the forest. 
Elton walked back toward the house anxious to tell Jean what he had learned. Lightning flashed in the distance. Tall thunderheads were beginning to form in the west blotting out bright stars that had given him great comfort a little while ago. Standing facing the forest, Elton looked up at the stars overhead. Where was this other world? Was it out there among the stars or was it everywhere, even here on earth? He didn't know. However, he intended to do everything in his power to find out exactly where Sheri was. He knew, and always had known that there was little chance he would see her again, in this world at least. Maybe now that would not be true. Perhaps she, and billions of other souls were already here. Humans just could not see them, unless they wanted to be seen. Perhaps they could cross over from their world to ours when times were right. Maybe that was why Mr. Collins had been in such a big hurry. He could only stay here for a short time. Elton hoped that Sheri could stay much longer, like forever, but he knew that was probably impossible. 
Thunder and lightning.
What was it?
Elton remembered that when the globes, or orbs, had appeared on his security camera monitors, they seemed content until a severe storm came up and then they disappeared. Were they spirits of animals, humans and insects that were affected by electromagnetic radiation? Perhaps lightning was dangerous to spirits in the other dimension also. Maybe so, he thought. 
Thunder and lightning.
Something about the words reminded him of solar flares and how it affected satellite communications, radio, television, computers and just about anything that was electronic. Now he was sure that ghosts, spirits and other beings from the other world were victims too. He had read, and had been fascinated by a man named Nikola Tesla. Tesla was, without question, one of the most intelligent men who ever lived and a genius. He was a scientist, an inventor and his accomplishments were monumental. Volumes by the hundreds had been written about him and he intrigued everyone who learned about him. Tesla invented the alternating current electric motor, generators and numerous other devices including radio. The Tesla Coil invented in 1891, is used in television, radio and in many other electronic products. His inventions are so numerous it would take many hours to name and describe them all. Tesla even learned how to transmit electrical energy through space without wires and light up a light bulb many miles away. Someone once said that Nikola Tesla invented the twentieth century, and Elton knew that was about as close to the truth as you can get. Elton also knew that Tesla had been enthralled with spiritualism, the supposition that life exists after death. Tesla had believed that spirits existed and that he could communicate with them. He spent the latter part of his life experimenting with ways to communicate with the spirits of those who had departed.
Tesla experimented with many different kinds of electronic devices and some of them were so secret that it was years before anyone knew what he was doing. Many of his notes and inventions were lost or remain undiscovered. Did Nikola Tesla invent a radio transmitter and receiver that could communicate with the other side? Elton had read something about that except he could not remember all the details. 
Elton knew that electromagnetic waves must lapse from one world to the other and throughout the universe. He had come to believe that the entire universeand billions of other universes, if you believed the multiple universe theorywas just a wave of powerful energy that could be manipulated to form the galaxies, solar systems and stars. After all, he speculated, everything was made of atoms. Atoms contained an enormous amount of energy. Joined together, wouldn't they generate a colossal wave of electromagnetic energy? The mind, spirit or soul, which was probably the same thing, was pure energy of a special kind. The focus of that energy was in the mind protected by a skull. When living things died, Elton thought, that energy lived on. Energy cannot be created or destroyed. 
Elton had read in one of his physics books thatthe first law of thermodynamics energy can neither be created nor destroyed. However, it can be transferred into different forms. Elton thought about the possibility that the soul was pure energy and that when the body died, that energy stayed here or floated to wherever it wanted to go. It kept all its memories and its intelligence. The energy was not a solid thing, it was an entity that was connected to a much larger force that was made up of billions of other souls or spirits and energy. This energy field was an intelligent, extremely logical, living force field that prevailed across our universe and many others. 
Everything is connected, Elton thought with a certainty in his mind that he had never been so confident about before. It's all just like a computer network except all the spirits are part of the same force field with the ability to function independently. They are not restricted to this world like our human bodies are, they can go where they wish, or perhaps just stay in this plane of existence, the one we know as earth. If that were true, he supposed, then was it possible that Sheri and other spirits were right here with him and he just could not see them? He thought so. After all, energy could not be destroyed and the electromagnet forces in his brain were most certainly energy. 
It could only be converted into another form.
What form?
What role did black holes play in all this? Were they portals to other universes that the energy field used to pass from one universe to another? By the time he reached the house, he was weak from all the horrible things that had happened to him and almost exhausted mentally from thinking about the possibilities. 
Promises!
False hopes maybe that gave him some assurance that he would see his wife again.
Then again, maybe he would never see her again.
Except, Mr. Collins, or his ghost had told him that Sheri would visit him.
At least, that was a little hope and that was better than none at all.
Another question bothered him as he stepped slowly upon the deck dreading facing Jean and telling her that he had talked to her husband. Even though she had seen him would she believe Elton?
If Sheri and the other spirits were all energy fields, intelligent fields, then how did they appear before humans as human shaped forms themselves? Could they change form or perhaps project any image into human and animal minds at will?
Elton walked across the deck and opened the screen door. Stepping inside, he was concerned when he did not see Jean still sitting at the kitchen table. "Jean," he called out. "Jean, where are you? Are you okay?"
She wasn't in the kitchen, the bathroom door was open and nobody was in any of the rooms on the first floor. After checking the upstairs rooms, Elton stepped out on the front porch with his legs trembling and something grumbling in his stomach. It felt like it wanted to come up through his throat and out into the world. Fighting nausea, Elton looked around and discovered that Jeans' Ford Explorer was gone. He felt his heart sink and knew that he had never felt so helpless before. Where was she? Where had she gone, and why? The only thing Elton was sure of was that the one connection he had to Raun was gone. The only one who could provide him with all the answers he needed. 
He stood alone in the darkness with only a few stars visible to light up the night. Where was Jean? A million questions entered his troubled mind and he had few answers to them.

8

* * * * * *

ONE SECOND BEYOND TWILIGHT

Event 9

Jean Collins had problems of her own. She hadn't taken her heart medicine for two days and she hadn't taken one of her anti-depressant pills for a week. She was quite aware that if she did not take them that she might have to go back into that rehab clinic in Charleston again and she sure did not want to do that, except things had not gone right in the last few days. She felt alone and insecure like maybe something was about to happen all the time. And, it had happened. She'd met a wonderful man who could become her best friend, if she would let him. She had also seen her dead husband and that had been the factor that caused her to have an anxiety attack again. It had been a long time since she had the last one. The medicine had always kept the attacks, and her depression at bay like a sheep dog keeping the wolves away from the sheep. It wasn't working now. Of course, it was her fault. If she had taken the drugs like she was supposed to do she would not be feeling this way. The fact that Elton had opened up old wounds and old memories had been a big factor in the way she felt. She'd had many problems since her husband died. Depression and a feeling that she didn't have a reason to live prevailed and now, it was worse since she'd seen her husbands ghost. He had just stood there and said nothing. She could not speak either. She'd been mesmerized by his appearance and terrified of the one person she loved the most. 
The headlights of the Explorer danced back and forth as she swerved from one side of the graveled road to the other. Unaware that she was putting herself in grave danger, Jean drove on through the night. Even the trees and bushes looked like menacing figures reaching out to grab her and pull her from her car at any moment. The night was still, except for the roar of her engine and the screaming of brakes as she attempted to slow down. 
A voice inside her head told her that she must turn around and go back. However, she was afraid of what might happen to her if she did. Raun was there somewhere in those woods waiting for her husband to appear again. Raun had been there before. She knew it. How many times had she been sitting on the front porch as twilight approached and saw moving shadows in the woods? How many times had she seen him standing in the shadows watching her. She had felt his cold eyes probing her and waiting for her to turn and run into the house like a scared rabbit? Too often, she whispered softly as she turned the steering wheel to avoid going over a high embankment. Too often. 
Embittered and confused, she drove so fast the curves came up on her too quickly for her to navigate them. Twice since she had left her home, she had almost run off the road and over a steep cliff where a river waited at the bottom for her to come crashing down the hill. Her mind was so bewildered and her thinking so erratic that she was unable to believe that going home would solve her problems. In fact, going back there now would be a horrible thing to have to do. Then, just about the time she was able to navigate another curve, she realized that home was the only place where she really belonged. Home was where Wilbur would come looking for her and she did have a new friend to depend on. Before she could slow the vehicle and find a place to turn around and go back, a deer crossed the road in front of her. She could hear the brakes screeching and the sound of tires losing traction on the hot gravel on the road. Bursting metal and creaking limbs caused her to scream as she crashed through the woods on her way to the bottom of the mountain. Breaking glass cut her face and hot air rushed through the broken windshield. She was going to die. She knew it and all Jean could think about was being in the other world with Wilbur.

* * *

Deputy Jerry Canfield had just finished patrolling the southern end of the county and was using the country road to return to Charleston before finishing his rounds when he drove down the graveled road. Before he got halfway down the long, steep incline that was as treacherous as asphalt covered with a thin layer of ice, he heard a crash. The sound of breaking glass and screaming metal came from somewhere ahead of him. He already knew that a vehicle had been in front of him, even though he had never got sight of it, because there was dust gently settling back down on the road. His headlights hit it and at first he thought it was ground fog. When he finally realized what it was he knew it had to come from a vehicle ahead of him. Then he saw it. A vehicle had gone over the side of the road and traveled down the embankment taking many small trees and bushes with it. He knew from past experience that whoever was in the vehicle was probably dead. 
Jerking a microphone from a clip on the dashboard, he called for assistance. It would be at least fifteen minutes before help arrived. Parking his cruiser up the road from where the vehicle had gone over a steep cliff, he left the lights flashing hoping that anyone coming from the direction he had come from would see it and stop. The road was so curvy that he wondered if that wasn't a false hope. Until the others arrived, he'd just have to do the best he could.
Taking a coiled rope from his trunk and a first aid kit, he tied one end of the rope to a stout tree and threw the other end over the cliff. The first aid kit was in a bag with other equipment he might need. Slinging the strap over his shoulder he took hold of the rope and began the long descent down the embankment. He'd already called dispatch and told them his intentions. Perhaps the person or persons in the car were still alive. Maybe he could help them until the life squad arrived.
Maybe.
Jerry Canfield climbed through briars, bushes and broken limbs until he could see the green Ford Mustang below him. Another two hundred feet and he would be there, he thought. While he watched his step, he avoided rocks that could cause him to fall down the hill and held onto the rope for dear life. Just some kid in a fancy car driving too fast, he whispered. Too bad he didn't know these roads are dangerous and drive according to the road conditions. How many kids had he ticketed in the last month for reckless driving? He could not count the times. Something had to be done or there would be many more wrecks like the one he was involved with now. When he reached the vehicle, Jerry Canfield, deputy sheriff knew he could do nothing for the person who had been driving the Explorer. 
Deputy Canfield felt a deep feeling of horror sweep over him when he saw a female in her late forties, he guessed, impaled on a limb of an oak tree in front of the Explorer down below him. The Explorer had come to rest when it crashed into the oak and had obviously thrown her out through the window where she became skewered on a broken tree limb. Her head rested on her chest and her arms hung limp by her side. She was facing him. The sharp limb had entered her back and probably severed her spine. There wasn't any doubt in his mind at all about her being dead. The only positive thing he could believe about her death was that she had died quickly and probably had not suffered much. Blood covered the front of her clothing and she was as still as a statute. When he moved closer, he recognized the woman and he froze.
Jerry felt like a spear had pierced his chest and he couldn't breathe at all. Feeling weak, breathing fast and his knees ready to buckle, he moved closer. He had to be sure that the body hanging in front of him was indeed, Jean Collins. Her husband had worked for the South Charleston police department for a while until he was shot one cold winter night in the leg while trying to stop a drug-crazed man from killing a woman with a shotgun. Wilbur had limped for the rest of his life. The pellets had torn into the muscles of his leg and the surgeons could not restore all of the nerves. Jerry had been friends with Wilbur and had met Jean many times when Jerry brought his wife and kids to visit them. He stopped every now and then to check on her after her husband died. His heart nearly stopped beating when he got closer. Getting a good look at her tormented face, he knew that he had been right. It was Jean Collins and she'd breathed her last.
Jerry knew that Jean had a few relatives around, except he did not know them personally. She had a uncle in Huntington and some cousins in the same area. He'd have to leave it up to someone else to notify her next of kin. All he could do now was to wait until the coroner and the life squad arrived. Someone else would take care of the particulars. 
Knowing that he could do nothing for her, he climbed back up the incline using the rope for support. It was just another unfortunate accident, he said to himself and maybe to her spirit in the wind. Just as he reached the top he could hear sirens in the distance and knew help was on the way. Another vehicle, a silver Malibu was coming slowly down the hill. The driver had seen the flashing lights and had slowed down. 
As Jerry neared his cruiser, a man jumped from the Malibu and ran toward him. "Is there a wreck? Has anyone been hurt?"
"Sir, please get back into your car and I'll let you continue on your way," Jerry said in a firm voice. The last thing he wanted to deal with was a nosey citizen who wanted to see the blood and gore of someone else's' misfortune. "There is nothing you can do."
"Officer, you don't understand. Please listen. My name is Elton Markham. I am from Cincinnati and I was visiting Jean Collins. She lives up the road. Something happened and she took off in her car. I was trying to find her. Is that her down there?"
Jerry had noticed that the Malibu had Ohio plates when it first pulled up. He was always suspicious of someone from another state because they might be running from the law or just about anything. Still, he had to give everyone benefit of doubt. This man had brown hair, blue eyes and a light complexion. Jerry thought that maybe he was a computer programmer or maybe even a reporter. Jerry had not seen his face on any wanted posters. He knew he should not give out too much information about the accident, except if this gentleman had been visiting Jean there had to be a reason he was chasing her. "Why was she driving so fast and why were you following her?" He stepped closer, however he kept a safe distance from the subject. The last thing he wanted was for the man to attempt to snatch his gun.
"Oh, I'm sorry," Elton said. He pointed toward the weapon on his left side. "I'm licensed to carry and I'm armed."
"Fine," Jerry said. "Just keep your hands away from the gun and don't do anything sudden. Now, can you please answer my question?"
Elton let his hands hang by his side. Not knowing what to say he knew he could not tell the officer the truth. They would lock him in a padded cell. "I'm a writer and I was visiting with Jean because I wanted to write an article about her family and she had a lot of information she was interested in sharing with me. She seemed all right until we visited an old man out in the woods over near her house. His name was Jonas Parsons. We found him hanging from a cross in the backyard. We called the Sheriff's Office. They came out and investigated. I don't know who killed him or what happened. The sheriff seemed to know about as much about it as I did. Jean was close friends with Parsons and she took it very hard. When we returned to her house, I went out into the backyard because Jean thought she saw a prowler. When I returned to the house, Jean was gone and so was her car. That is about all I can tell you." Elton sighed knowing he had told as much of the truth that he dared to tell the law. He didn't think they would believe in ghosts. 
"I guess I got over there after you left," Jerry said. "I have known Jean and her former husband for a long time. She had a nervous breakdown after her husband died. Jean had plenty of friends around here who took care of her until she got out of the hospital. My guess is that seeing Mr. Parsons in that condition made her break again. She took off because she didn't know anything else to do."
"God," Elton said. "Now what is going to happen?"
"The coroner will pronounce her dead and they will take her to the morgue. Will you be staying at her house tonight, Mr. Markham?"
"I don't know," he said. With Jean gone there wasn't much point in him staying much longer except he wasn't looking forward to driving back to Cincinnati in the dark. "I do not want to drive all the way home tonight. The sheriff has my contact information in case they need to ask me more questions. Do you think it will be okay if I stay there the rest of the night. I have had an eventful day and driving might be out of the question."
"I understand," Jerry said. "Actually, no crime has been committed so until they can contact someone to take over the house and everything, I can't say you can't stay there. You were Jean's guest. If Jean thought you were all right then I can't complain."
"Please keep me informed about Jean," Elton said. "I'll do anything that I can for her. When they have her funeral I'd like to come to it."
"Will do," Jerry said. "Stay at her house tonight and I'll drop by in the morning. I'll need to ask you some questions for my report. I'm sure the sheriff will want a detailed report since you were involved in the matter."
"Do what I can," Elton promised. "I'm going back to her place and see if I can get a little rest. Like I said, it has been a very long day."
Elton felt as if he had lost everything in his world. First, he'd lost his wife and now Jean, a true friend, was gone. Could he stay in the house where she had only been a few short hours ago? Anxiety and despair filled his heart and he tried hard not to cry. He had never stopped grieving for Sheri and now he had another woman to grieve for, even though he had only known her for a very short time. He'd known Sheri for almost thirty years. Jean had been a friend for only a few days. 
Staying at the house was his only option unless he wanted to drive all the way to St. Albans or even Charleston to find a hotel room. At almost midnight he pulled into the driveway at Jean's house and turned the engine off. It was now or never, he thought. There was no turning back. His attention drifted to the dark woods as lightning flashed in the west. The storm was slowly coming. Most of the stars had disappeared behind dark, ominous clouds. Once inside, he made sure all the windows were secured and the doors were locked. It seemed useless to himsince Raun could probably walk through the wallsto lock the doors, except he did it anyway. When he'd finished the security detail, Elton made coffee and prepared a sandwich of ham and cheese. Sitting at the table, he washed it down with red wine. Not a meal for a king, he thought, but nevertheless, it would keep him from being hungry. 
Elton needed time to think.
Had it all been a bad dream. He was alone again and in a strange house where he didn't feel like he was welcome. He came to realize that he had failed Mr. Collins. Had he not promised the ghost of Mr. Collins that he would protect his wife. He had failed, miserably. Maybe it was all just as well, he conjectured, at least they were together now. Sometimes, he hoped he would meet a similar fate. Then, he too could be with Sheri.
Washing a few dishes in the sink, he dried them with a towel and put them in the cabinet. For the last hour he felt like someone was watching him, someone evil. Was he just apprehensive or was he just overly tired? Elton knew that his mind could play tricks on him so he tried to put his concern aside and get on with the work he had ahead of him. He must figure out exactly what he must do to end Raun's threat to the human race. The last thing he needed was a race of vampires taking over the earth. Elton felt that the answer to the puzzling questions surrounding the shadow man was within his grasp. Perhaps he knew the answers already. Jack Bernard had started the entire thing by bringing into this world a being that didn't belong here, and had paid the price with his life. There was work to do but first he would have to be brave enough to go into the dark woods while a thunderstorm rushed across the area, and find where Raun dwelled. He'd found a clue in the books on the computer that told him Raun wasn't far from where Elton now sat. Elton would find him and hope he'd survive the encounter. All he had to do was to figure out how to send him back to the other world. Not much of a chance, he thought, but better than no chance at all. 

9

* * * * * *

ONE SECOND BEYOND TWILIGHT

Event 10

Standing on the front porch with a MagLite in his hand and his gun strapped around his waist, Elton watched as rain came down so heavy he could barely see the tree standing in the front yard only a few feet away. Lightning flashed and thunder was so loud it rattled the roof of the porch over his head and roared like a freight train coming down a steep grade. Elton hoped to use the storm to his advantage. Doppler radar he had pulled up a few moments ago on his laptopshowed a long line of storms coming down from the northeast, a direction that was rare for them. Elton had checked out the Atlantic Ocean and discovered the cause of the storm was a hurricane out in the Atlantic. The thunderstorm was supposed to last all night and into the morning. Judging from the size of the storm, he didn't doubt that at all. Once he had committed himself to the mission, he would not be able to turn back. Going into the woods during a severe storm wasn't the smartest thing to do, except he'd decided there wasn't any way he could be safe as long as Raun was still around. 
Elton sat down in one of the metal chairs he had sat in only a few hours ago when he was talking to Jean. He would not believe that his wife was gone and Jean was dead. He had never felt so alone in his entire life. Mr. Jonas Parsons was no longer on the earth either unless he was in spirit form. He would wait a few moments until the storm had intensified so that if Raun was out there in those woods, he would not detect an intrusion by a human who was close to insanity. Elton was sure that Raun could sense anyone who came within a certain distance of him, except the lightning was sure to interfere with that ability. That was why the spheres, or orbs had made a quick exit when a storm approached. Elton was sure that Raun, the demon, or Raun, the vampire wasn't any different. He was sure because Professor Jonas Parsons had discovered that fact and recorded it in his research books. 
What a mess, he thought. Parsons had written many things and Elton had only had time to read one of the books. He would get around to reading the rest of them since they were safely on Professor Parsons laptop and on Elton's' notebook. He'd downloaded them to his computer and hidden it under some blankets in the trunk just in case the police stopped him and wanted the laptop. He'd also emailed the books to his email account as attachments. They were too dangerous and important for him to allow them to end up in the wrong hands. That must not happen, he decided. According to Parsons, Raun wasn't a demon at all. He was a vampire pretending to be a demon. He pretended to be a demon so he could take control of Jack Bernard. He commanded Bernard to entice women into his realm of evil so that Raun would have all the blood he needed and bodies to do his bidding. According to Parsons, Raun used Jack Bernard to recruit new female members. Parsons had also concluded that when the vampires died their spirits survived just like normal people and they could reappear at will, wherever and whenever they wanted to. Parsons said that Raun had begun to torment him when he found out that he was conducting research on him. That had happened a long time after Jack Bernard died and Parsons was still teaching in Los Angeles. Parsons had discovered that Raun was attempting to discourage him from doing his research and that his life was in danger. Not letting many people know where he was going, he resigned his teaching position and moved to a secluded area of West Virginia.
It wasn't long until he became aware that Raun had also relocated. He'd moved his den to an area of West Virginia near where Parsons lived. Professor Parsons suspected that Raun had made himself at home and had many women under his power. Raun had outlined plans to infiltrate even the government with the intention of controlling certain branches of it for his own benefit. In time, he would run the world because it would not take long for him to infiltrate every government on earth. Parsons had warned that these were not classical vampires. They did not have to sleep during the day and prowl the countryside at night although they did prefer to be out at night. Sunlight didn't affect them any more than it did humans. They maintained their strength by harvesting souls and feeding on the blood of animals and humans. The more they multiplied, the more humans they would consume until there was nothing left. Elton wondered if they would grow humans in order to sustain themselves. Parsons had made it clear that when they died, they returned to the negative force field that was part of the life force that was evident throughout the universe. They were the epitome of evil. He had to stop them because if they were a danger to this world, he could not imagine what they might be doing or would do, in the other world. 
Elton was grateful that the severe storm had not produced much wind, yet. It was mostly a rain, thunder and lightning event which suited him fine. The last thing on his agenda was dodging a deadly tornado or two. He had to find where Raun was hiding and put an end to his plans. Contacting the police would do no good at all. They would think he was crazy and lock him up. How did you kill a vampire anyway? The question was one Professor Parsons had pursued relentlessly. 
Traditionally, you had to drive a stake into the heart of a vampire. That did not work with these vampires because they were more spiritual than physical. Parsons had concluded that the only way to send them expediently back to their previous existence was to shoot them in the brain with a large caliber lead projectile. He had recommended a fifty caliber bullet. The only weapon that Elton had that met the requirements was a Stevens 308 .12 gauge pump shotgun called the home defender. It had an eighteen inch barrel which made it perfect for close work such as in the confined space of a room. The weapon had been in the trunk of his car and the only ammunition he had were slugs for killing deer. He thought that might meet the bill. He now held the loaded shotgun in his hand with the stock resting on the floor of the porch. He'd notched the projectiles so they would explode on impact. It wasn't a wooden stake, nonetheless, it was a likely way to get rid of the vampires. 
If they were spiritual in nature and stakes didn't kill them then how would lead bullets kill them?
Pondering the question for a moment, he remembered reading a note Parsons had written. It had said:

It is necessary to penetrate the skull of these creatures so as to destroy their brain as quickly as possible. The most efficient way would be to completely remove their heads, destroying their brains in the process using a large caliber projectile such as a .50 caliber bullet. Stakes driven into their hearts would not have much of an affect on them because their power is in their brains where the spirit or soul is concentrated more in them than us.

Elton decided that it was time to go. Sighing, he struggled to get up out of the chair when his effort was interrupted by a voice that he recognized right away. It was coming from the direction of the chair next to him. 
Don't go, Elton. Raun is an evil creature and you will die if you don't listen to me.
It was Sheri, his wife. She had kept her promise.

10

* * * * * *

ONE SECOND BEYOND TWILIGHT

Event 11

Rain pounded the drive and the porch as he turned to see if she was really there or if his imagination was just getting to him. Feeling weak and something in his stomach that desperately wanted out, he knew that his world was about to be torn asunder once again. At first, all he saw was a beautiful blue glow somewhat like a welder's arc. It encompassed the chair and illuminated everything around him. His heart fluttered several times and he felt as if he might faint. Cold rain blew in under the roof and touched his face. Slowly, a figure began to materialize within the blue orb. Sheri was sitting in the chair and she looked like she did when he first met her. A million memories flooded his mind. Everything they had ever done together flashed in front of his face like a million movies on a television screen. The love he had always felt for her was magnified a thousand times and he felt like she was part of him and he part of her. It was a feeling he could never forget. It transcended anything he had ever felt before.
"You're beautiful," he said. "I love you more and more every day. I will never stop loving you. I hope you know that."
"I do," she said. She turned in the chair so she could face him. Her beautiful blue eyes and smooth creamy complexion was even more wonderful than they had ever been. A radiant smile told him that she was happy and that was all that counted in either world. He knew she had suffered immensely in this world and that she deserved better than even God could give her. Elton prayed for her every night and sometimes several times during the day. His mind was rarely off her. He constantly thought about her. His world was nothing without her. Without Sheri, he was alone and now she was here and he had to make the most of it while he could do so. When she spoke, her voice was almost angelic and full of magic. "I'm so happy to see you. I just want to take you into my arms and hold you forever. I can't wait for you to join me. I come back to see you every chance I get and to make sure you are okay."
"I am glad you do come to visit," Elton said. "I feel you in my heart and in my mind. I have always loved you and you will always be part of me." Before he realized it tears flooded his eyes and he felt his lips trembling and he could barely speak. "I miss you something awful, baby. Some days I do not even want to wake up knowing you aren't here with me. I just want to go to sleep and wake up where you are."
"It can't be for a while yet," she said. "The time isn't right. You still have a lot to do here. I love you too and don't worry. I'll be there waiting for you when it is your time. I will come back to visit you from time to time. I have to make sure you are all right."
"I'll be fine," he said, "it's just that the pain of losing you is sometimes too much. I just wish we could be together again. Wouldn't that be wonderful?"
"Yes, I believe that it would be," she replied and smiled. Her saintly smile exceeded anything he had ever seen her do. A smile was such a simple thing.
Yet, many people failed to master the technique these days.
A man drunken from wine or other spirits could do a better job of smiling than most executives with many worries on their minds or a couple facing losing their home.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus; where art thou?
The world was a mess; chaos, the normal order of things?
"What am I going to do? Is Raun a threat to the other?"
Before he could finish, she held up her hand. "You could do us a great favor by sending him back to the other side where he belongs, except I don't want you to put your life in danger by doing it." She looked at Elton as if wondering if he truly understood what she was trying to explain to him. "There are two forces and both forces are part of one force, that of what we know as God. There is the evil negative side, and the good positive side. Those who belong in the negative side cannot interfere in the positive side. However, as you have reasoned, they can influence life on earth and a trillion other worlds. I don't want you to do it but obviously, you are the only one who can do it."
Elton let his chin drop down on his chest. What was he to do? Not wanting or desiring to go against her wishes, what could he accomplish without putting himself in danger doing it? "I'll do what I can to get rid of him and his followers. I think I have a solution but there is some risk in it. I'm going to use the thunderstorms to conceal me from him until I can find and kill him."
It seemed that her face brightened and she seemed relieved that he was at least, cautious. Elton felt a lump develop in his throat. He tried to swallow and could not. Finally, he looked at her. "I wish I could hold you. I guess that is impossible, huh?"
"Right now it would be difficult," she said. "Soon though, we will experience all the things we used to and then a lot more. I have to go now. I just want you to be careful. Don't trust everything that you see or hear. Raun is tricky and not someone you can take lightly. However, you can hold me. It will not be as it was, though. Don't worry, I'll always be with you. Quit worrying about me and live each day as if it were your last day. I'm fine. Take care of yourself." Without hesitation, she rose from the chair and embraced him. Elton could only feel a tingling in his body and more love than he had ever felt before. It was miraculous and marvelous. Wishing he could hold her forever, he was deeply saddened when she melted in his arms like a snowball.
She was gone.
Again, he was alone, except this time he felt that she was still with him, watching over him and protecting him from harm.
Now he had to do what he intended doing. His path and his objective was laid in stone for him. There would be no turning back after he stepped down from the porch. The woods awaited him.

11

* * * * * *

ONE SECOND BEYOND TWILIGHT

Event 12

The rain fell so hard two inches of water covered the ground. Elton was soaking wet before he reached the edge of the forest. The meadow was saturated with water and he had to struggle to keep from falling or sinking into the ground like a big rock. Had he really seen Sheri or had it all been a bad dream? Harvey was active now telling him that he actually had an experience and that his imagination had nothing to do with it. The knowledge that he had actually received a visit from Sheri intrigued him and gave him new strength and more energy. He would not let her down now despite the fact that she had warned him that engaging Raun in any manner might mean his own demise. 
Not desiring to go against her wishes, Elton surmised that he would have to be extremely careful. Raun was full of tricks and deception. Having come from another world, at least one different than Elton was in, he was capable of anything, especially if he thought it would further his cause. Elton imagined that Raun wanted those books and the secrets they held more than anything. The books contained secrets so great that Raun would launch armies all over the universe to get his hands on them. One of the secrets Elton had read in the first book was that Jack Bernard had a daughter by one of the women he'd enslaved. Her name was Amanda Bernard. There was no official record of her entry into this world. Jack Bernard had made sure of that. Amanda's mother was a vampire created by Raun when he took her blood and infected her body with his own evil that had turned Amanda's mother into a vampire in the first place. Amanda was the first vampire to be born of human and vampire blood. She was respected as a queen in the vampire family. Raun had honored her as a leader and had taken her away from Jack. Even Jack's wife never learned of Amanda's existence. Elton wondered if that could be one of the many reasons Jack had killed his wife. He didn't want anyone to know he had a daughter with such attributes. Amanda had many powers that even Raun valued. 
Elton knew that he had to rescue Amanda and find her a new home where she would be safe. He had nothing against her. He thought that she might be valuable in his quest to destroy Raun or send him high-tailing it back across the border. The first thing he had to do was to find Raun and perhaps Amanda would be there with him. He knew from the journal Parsons had written that Raun and Amanda were adversaries. She had no desire to be a vampire much less a blood sucking one. And, she had no desire to do the things he required of her. Amanda was beautiful, intelligent and young. Her heart and mind knew what youth promised and she wanted to get all she could out of it. Raun had promised that she would live a million years if she obeyed him. Amanda had declined and attempted to run away. After Raun got through with her she had decided to bide her time until the opportunity presented itself and she could leave. Elton intended to give her that opportunity. She could be invaluable in helping to produce another race that could do good things for the human race. She was super strong and her blood was not infected by bacterium and earthly germs. Elton knew that if the government knew she existed they probably would send the goons in black helicopters to take her prisoner. 
With rain pounding the leaves around him, Elton attempted to put his thoughts of Sheri, Jean and Mr. Parsons aside so he could concentrate on his job except he found it to be very difficult. Each step he took ensured he was closer to more danger than he'd seen in his entire life. Parsons had not described exactly where Raun's lair was located. Elton had an idea it was four miles from Jean's house near a river where several caves were located. He'd found a rough map drawn on one of the pages of the journal. Since he'd studied drafting he could read the drawing well enough to compare them to a map of the area and identify the exact location of the caves. Raun either lived in the caves with his family members or nearby. Each step took him one second more beyond Twilight.
Elton came to a meadow and crossed it without incident. It was dark. He was afraid to use the flashlight and his greatest fear was that he would fall into an old well, slide down an embankment into a roaring creek or Raun would step out from behind one of the numerous large trees and slash his throat with his sharp claws. The meadow was level and wasn't very wide so it only took him five minutes of careful travel to reach the other side where the forest welcomed him again with its silence. Ghosts dwelled here. He was sure of it. How many Native Americans, frontiersmen and ancient warriors were now part of the rich soil beneath his wet feet? How many of their spirits roamed this forest of silence? It wasn't the spirits he feared, it was a vampire who had entered this world by deception and conspiracy. 
Elton had traveled across the meadow, through two miles of rain-soaked forest, over dozens of decaying tree trunks and waded a raging stream before he finally saw a dim light in the distance. Unable to use his flashlight, except when he was absolutely sure nobody could see him, he had braved many dangers before reaching his destination. Now the real work would begin. The real threat to his life would become a dire reality.
He had to do it for his wife just like he'd always done things for her. Elton didn't buy the explanation that Raun could not harm those on the positive side in the other world. Did not evil overlap good on this plane of existence? Didn't Evil exist here in great abundance? Of course, it did and Raun probably had ways of harming or threatening those good spirits on the other side too. Regardless, his hasty exit back to wherever he came from would be welcome. 
Using heavy rain and bushes for cover, he crept closer to the house. It was an old graying house with all the white paint gone. Even in the darkness he could still see small splotches of paint on the weathered boards. He wondered if Raun and his women vampires were inhabiting the house, the nearby caves, or both. Did someone else live here? The closer he crept to the house, the more concerned he became because he didn't know how many of them there were or where they were. The last thing he wanted to do was to hurt or kill innocent people thinking they were vampires. When a man stepped out on the front porch with a pump shotgun in his hands, Elton knew he might not have a choice. He wasn't even sure it was a man until he recognized the face, or thought he recognized him. It was Jack Bernard.
How could this be? Elton was standing in the rain hidden behind a wide tree looking directly at the man who was illuminated with light flowing through the front room window. Elton could see him clearly. Margaret had shown him a picture of Jack Bernard that she'd found in an old discarded shoebox when she moved into the place. Jean had two pictures of him taken many years before she was born. The man standing on the front porch resembled the image in all of the pictures and answered to the description everyone had given him. Everyone had told him that Jack Bernard had died and that his body had been buried. Nonetheless, he was standing not more than twenty feet from where Elton was standing so, how could that be? Terrified by what he was seeing, Elton held the pump shotgun in both hands ready to eject a shell into the chamber if Jack moved toward him. Puzzled, Elton was almost overwhelmed by the conflicting thoughts passing through his mind. If Jack Bernard was still alive then who, or what, had they buried a long time ago? As sudden as a gust of wind, an answer floated through his mind and he knew it was probably the only conclusion he could arrive at. Raun had turned Jack into a vampire many years ago and they'd killed someone that looked like Jack Bernard and buried him. The person Elton was now looking at was the real Jack Bernard who was now a vampire. 
Elton stepped out from behind the tree and ejected a shell into the chamber of the Stevens Home Defender. The sound of the smooth action brought Bernard fully aware that he wasn't alone. He swung the barrel of his gun around and pointed it at Elton. "Looking for me?"
His eyes were dark and cold and when they focused on Elton he felt as if he were facing the supreme evil being himself. Jack's complexion was pasty, his face wrinkled and expressionless. "Well," he said with a deep course voice that sent chills down Elton's drenched body, "I guess that depends on who you are and what you want."
"I want to send you and your breed back to where you belong," Elton said. "As for who you are, I know what and who you are. I'm a neighbor of Margaret Hanson. She lived in the house next to you when you moved into the home I now own. There were a lot of unusual happenings before and after my wife died. That's how I got interested and Margaret told me a lot about you. That demon you summoned from beyond the twilight was really a vampire. I guess you know that by now, don't you?"
"There is no such thing as vampires," Jack growled.
"Then how do you explain the fact you were buried years ago?"
"I wasn't. Raun killed another man and made him look like me. I'm going to live for a long time." Jack stopped abruptly and stared at Elton. "What do you want here anyway?"
"I am going to kill Raun and all the rest of you bastards that are like him," Elton warned. "Where is Raun, by the way?"
"Right here," a voice said from the cover of the darkness. "I see that you did not heed my warning, Markham. You will dearly pay for that mistake as some of your friends have paid. The only way to save yourself and that woman of yours in the other life is to give me the books."
"Go back to Hell," Elton said as he pulled the trigger. Jack Bernard's head exploded into a thousand pieces. His body fell to the wooden floor and rolled off onto the soggy ground below. A loud scream pierced the night and Elton heard the sound of flapping wings. Something, a dark figure illuminated by distant lightning flashes rose into the night sky. Elton fired two rounds toward the fleeing figure and then ran in the direction where he thought Raun had flown. He was headed to the caverns.
"What are you?" He whispered in a low voice as he ran toward the cliffs where he was sure the caves were located. The house had been a surprise except once he saw it he knew that it was a front to throw off anyone who might suspect that Raun was using the caves for his den. "You have wings and can fly. I never heard of a vampire that had so many different attributes." Of course, Dracula could fly and he could assume other forms, except Elton had not expected Raun to retain so many powers. Was he a demon from hell, a vampire or something else entirely?
Stumbling over wet logs and slipping on wet stones, he finally arrived at the cliff that ascended from the bank of a creek below. In order to get to the caves he would have to climb more than seventy feet. Some of the cliff's face was almost straight up. Elton had never like high places and always knew he would never make a good rock climber. Except, now he was going to have to do something he absolutely did not want to do. Why was life that way? He wondered. Just about everything he'd ever done were things he didn't want to do such as get up and go to work every day. For a few harrowing moments, he stood in the darkness listening to the water rush down the valley and listening for the sound of flapping wings. His attentiveness paid off when he saw something dark land in a tall tree near the cliff. Perhaps Raun was watching also to see if his enemy had managed to follow him. Lightning flashes illuminated the area every few minutes. It was during one of those episodes that Elton saw his target. He was much quicker than he thought he could ever be. Putting the shotgun to his shoulder, he aimed at the target sitting on a limb at the top of a tall tree. Elton squeezed the trigger. One of the deadly deer slugs exploded out the barrel of the gun. Before it had a chance to strike the target Elton had injected another shell and loosed it on his enemy. He followed those two shots with three more and then reloaded the gun. Before he could bring the weapon up to his shoulder again, which by now felt like it was bruised badly, a dark form tumbled from out of the sky and landed about twelve feet from where Elton stood.
"How did you know I was coming?" Elton pointed the gun at Raun as Raun struggled to untangle himself from a cluster of briars, vines and limbs. Thunder roared reminding Elton that he was not only in danger from the vampire but that the storm still threatened him also. "I thought you didn't like electromagnetism, lightning in particular."
"Looks like you miscalculated about many things," Raun boasted. "Now I will kill you and take your soul, if you don't give me those books."
"Those books were destroyed in the fireplace when Parsons knew you were coming. If you had looked you would have seen where he burned them. Only a few pieces of paper were left. I'm going to kill you any way I can and burn you in a big fire right here in the forest. And then, I'm going to destroy all of your assistants. How does that grab you?"
Raun opened his mouth exposing long fangs and screamed above the sound of the thunder. With his wings spread, looking like a giant bat, he leaped toward Elton and slashed at him with long sharp claws. Elton thwarted the attempt with the barrel of his gun. He wondered if he would be as lucky next time. There was no way Elton could win a battle against Raun. Raun was taller, stronger and he had sharp teeth, sharp claws and he could maneuver much quicker than Elton. Elton felt as hopeless as he'd felt when Jack Bernard pointed the shotgun at him point blank. Elton had been lucky there too. A lightning bolt had flashed distracting Jack about the time he fired point blank at Elton. Elton had fired at Jack Bernard while taking a quick step out of Jack's line of fire. 
Raun struck again and knocked the shotgun out of Elton's hands. It fell to the ground and Elton felt himself being lifted up from the ground. Raun held him up with one hand. Elton's feet dangled only a few inches from the ground where water was everywhere. Then Raun placed his sharp claw up against Elton's throat. Elton felt the sharp claw being raked across his neck and felt trickles of warm blood flowing away from the cut.
"Just a little more pressure and I'll rip your jugular vein open. You'll bleed to death in a few minutes. Now, where are those books? I know that you have them because Professor Jonas Parsons was the kind of person that would have made copies. So, what will it be? Life? Death?"
"If you kill me you'll never find them," Elton said even though he knew already that no matter if he gave him the books or not, Raun would still kill him. 
"I can make you suffer a thousand deaths," he proclaimed. "And, I can make your wife suffer on the other side too. Which way do you want it?"
"I want you dead," Elton said as he swung his foot back and planted a hard blow with this shoe on Raun's leg just below his knee cap. Raun lost his grip on Elton and he heard a shotgun fire. Elton hit the soft, muddy ground and rolled over on his side where he could get up without much effort. Looking around him to see who had fired the shotgun, he was surprised when he looked at Raun. His head was missing and he was flopping around on the ground like a chicken with its head cut off. Movement to Elton's right pulled his attention away from Raun. A young woman with dark hair and light complexion held the shotgun in both hands. Her face was sincere and solemn. 
"I guess it is for the best," she said. "He was an evil entity that didn't need to be in this world. He won't bother anyone again."
She looked at Elton and Elton didn't know if he should thank her for saving his life or shoot her. She was obviously one of them. "Thanks," he said. "Who are you?"
"Amanda Bernard," she replied proudly. "There are twenty more of them up in that cave and four in the house back there." Pausing, she studied Elton's face for a while. Taking notice of his bewilderment she said, "Jack Bernard was my father. Raun and his clan raised me to be what I am now. However, I tried to escape because I didn't feel like I was their kind. I never knew who my mother was and still don't know. I am willing to help any way that I can."
Elton smiled. She was beautiful and did not look like a vampire at all. Elton knew she had capabilities he could only imagine. She belonged to the world, except he didn't know if the world was ready for someone like her or not. Her face was radiant and her eyes sparkled. He could not sense any evil in her at all as he had every time he was near Raun and Jack Bernard. There was good in Amanda Bernard. Elton did know that. Was she the first link between humans and the other side? There were so many issues and questions involved in any discussion or incident involving the paranormal that he thought he might spend the rest of his life trying to find only a few of the answers. However, Amanda could help answer many of those questions, if he could get her in the right hands and not the kind of people who would use and abuse her. "This is all well beyond my expertise," he admitted. "I need to get some professional help. I think maybe that the State Police might be interested and they might be able to destroy the rest of these creatures for us, especially after they see the evidence we have here." He paused and studied her for a moment. "You, Amanda Bernard are a different matter. I think I'm going to take you home with me until I can find out what to do with you. If the government gets its fangs into you, pardon my expression, your life will be miserable. I suggest you hide in the woods over there and wait for me. We have a great future together. You can tell me things that I can use to make the world better for you and for everyone else. What do you say? Is it a partnership?"
She smiled and gave the shotgun to him. "It is a deal. We should work well together because I want the same thing you do. I don't see much pleasure or logic in destroying life of any kind except when it is so corrupt and evil as Raun and Jack were. The others are just as evil and they shall have to be destroyed also. We'll let someone else do that for us. Huh?"
"Yeah," Elton said. Using his cell phone he called the local post of the West Virginia State Police. The desk clerk who answered the telephone didn't believe him until Elton told him he had the evidence with him and was willing to turn it all over to them. Then he waited. It was nearly twelve thirty on a stormy night before the troops finally arrived. He had great difficulty describing the brutal battle between him and the creature he called Raun. When he finished telling them how he'd followed one of the creatures from near his home to the house and then chased one of them to the caves, he walked away and disappeared into the night with Amanda's hand in his. He didn't care if they believed him or not. The others were the governments problem now. Elton knew he was going to enjoy his problem, that of taking care of Amanda and learning everything he could about her. 

The End


Author's Note:
This is a free ebook. It is given to you for your enjoyment without any charge whatsoever. Please help the author by sharing this novel with other people. Your action will help the author to sell more books. If this ebook is successful then the author can afford to make more books free to the public. Thanks for your support and I hope you enjoy this work.

Dallas Releford

* * * * * *

ABOUT THE AUTHOR . . .

Dallas Releford has been writing since he was twelve years old. He lives alone in Cincinnati, Ohio since his wife of thirty years, Sharon L. Releford passed away on August 18th, 2010. It was the worst year of his life and he still struggles with his loss.
After her death in 2010, he published My Brother's Keeper, a western, and began work on Where They Go To Die, a horror story. He promised his wife he would write a story about her so that other women suffering from the dreadful disease might find some comfort knowing they were not alone. As of this time, the book is in the editing stages. He hopes to release it in August, 2011.
He loves to read, write, work with computers and electronics, and watch old movies. Recently, he bought several guns and enjoys shooting at targets. The shooting gives him an opportunity to get away from work for a little while. He has many other books planned for this year. Upcoming books

A LITTLE RAY OF SUNSHINE (Green Hat Books)
(Non-fiction)
The story of Sheri Releford's long struggle with ovarian cancer and the impact her death had on the people who loved her.

ISOLATION (Green Hat Books)
(Fiction/Horror)
The story of a family caught under twenty five feet of snow in the West Virginia hills. Aliens control the weather and the environment in an effort to wipe out humans and convert the environment to their standards so they can survive here. 

EVENTS (Green Hat Publishing)
(Non-fiction)
These pages are devoted to an account of the strangest events in history beginning with famous ghost stories and ending with the battle of Gettysburg. 

* * * * * *

