
FRESH FLESH

by
Todd Russell

Smashwords Edition

PUBLISHED BY:
Todd Russell at Smashwords

FRESH FLESH
Copyright 2011 by Todd Russell
Cover art illustration by Aeron Alfrey
Smashwords Edition License Notes


All rights reserved. Scream if you hate reading these notices. This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead or undead, business establishments, cemeteries, freakishly unknown islands, events or locales is coincidental.

Copyright © 2011 Todd Russell
Also available in paperback
ISBN: 1463749392
ISBN-13: 978-1463749392


About FRESH FLESH

The ocean surrounds the secret.
Last night a wicked storm swept a beautiful sacrifice onto the shore.
Shipwrecked Jessica Stanton is about to be discovered, cherished, and trained to survive on a remote island by a man who is not what he seems.
There is a place on earth where unrestrained evil flourishes.
Welcome home, Jessica.

Other books by Todd Russell

Mental Shrillness 
http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/49957

Connect with Todd Russell Online

Official Website
http://toddrwrite.com/
Smashwords Author Page
http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/toddrussell
Goodreads Author Page
http://goodreads.com/toddrussell
Facebook
http://facebook.com/booksbytoddrussell
Twitter
http://twitter.com/Todd_Russell


FOR
NANA AND PAPA
"Faith."


CHAPTER 1

Two burly guards with poker faces strapped him in the chair while a minister quoted psalms from an immaculate white Bible. Richard Templin was nineteen years old and sentenced to die on this day October 17, 1982.
The shackles tightened, tightened, snapped! on his wrists. The metal shackles were cold, perhaps colder than any one thing on earth. And, he nervously reminded himself, a wonderful conductor of electricity.
He had been calm, only one nail chewed, until they brought him into the room and put him in the chair. Then he started sweating all over. Started fighting back tears.
Started realizing. . .
Oh God I'm gonna die I'm gonna die they're gonna kill me oh God shit God they're gonna light me up like a fucking Christmas tree oh God. . .
SNAP! The shackles hugged his bare ankles. They were even colder than the wrist shackles, turning his sweat to ice.
His conscience mocked him: Don't sweat Rich ol' boy! Hold on! You sweat and you'll fry a helluva lot quicker! 'Cuz you learned it in school, boy: water's one of the BEST conductors!
They brought the heavy black leather strap across his chest, tighter, tighter, tight—SNAP! He was buckled in, ready for the roller coaster ride straight down.
Well, almost ready. The men had to tape his eyes, the last task, so they wouldn't pop out and scare the fifty or so "witnesses." Ha, glad somebody gets to watch the show, munch the popcorn, and make out when the lights go down.
The sound of the tape being ripped behind his head sent the hairs on the back of his neck erect. It sounded like what he imagined flesh to do when you tore it to pieces.
Oh God, footsteps! They're walking away! Getting ready to turn on the juice and give me the ultimate spark! Oh God its sooo dark! Please, please God turn on the lights make it end, make it end, make it—
Footsteps fading. . .fading. . .
Soooo dark.
. . .Fading. . .STOP. The heels clicked to an abrupt halt. He could almost see the expressionless guard next to the switch, ready, awaiting the cue. Standing next to him, a tired rich doctor with stethoscope like close friend dangling around his neck. Let's get this over with, he's probably thinking, I have squash for two in an hour. 
The guard assured the doctor with a wink of an eye. Only take a minute, Doc—and a couple thousand volts! Ah-ha-ha-HA! Waiting.
Waiting.
Waiting.
Hours, days, years? It seemed he balanced at the crest of the nightmare a long time before something happened.
His body was wet as someone who had just stepped out of the shower, his teeth chattered and bones quivered.
This was not at all what he'd envisioned. He'd expected it to be quick, merciful and painless. Something like a trip through a fast food drive-thru.
The ripping sound came again. Fast, powerful, driving down on his skull like a jackhammer. His head rocked, his eyes closed to even deeper darkness.
Several seconds passed. He hoped this fathomless black was not life after death. That there was a magical place where angels flocked and devils mocked. That death was not drowning, over and over, in a sea of black.
More seconds passed before he realized. . .
Oh God my God they didn't do it they didn't flip the switch they didn't they didn't‑
He wondered for a moment about that Ambrose Bierce story, the one where the guy who's about to be hanged manages to escape, races toward his sweetheart's arms, only to find that when he reaches her warm embrace he's actually dreamed it all and is back at the gallows, hanging dead as beef on a meat hook.
When Richard opened his eyes, there was a face. No tape, no black, a face. The ripping sound had been the tape. They were unshackling him.
The face was unfamiliar. An egg-shaped face with a short clipped beard. The face held the only expression he'd seen all morning.
Not friendly.
"Wh—what's happening?"
The man looked as if he were about to smile, but decided against it. "We have something better for you."
Something BETTER, he thought, that has to mean something worse. Because better in prison was a) you're getting put on shit duty or b) you've been selected to get slipped up the back door. However, Richard was beyond those fears now, he only feared the electric chair. Besides, what could be worse than frying until your balls fell off?
They led a shocked, confused Richard Templin out of the execution room, the room that even his worst nightmares couldn't top.  And with loving, open arms something unspeakable took his hand. . .



PART 1
FRESH


CHAPTER 2

Something fresh, the strange-looking, salt-and-pepper bearded man in tattered clothes thought, fighting his way through the damp, dripping ravine to meet the morning tide. Last night, while the forces of Mother Nature descended upon the helpless island like blood-thirsty vampires, and ear-piercing screams echoed in the night, he dreamt of something fresh. Something fresh, he was certain, awaited him on the naked beach.
He made it to the clearing, his feet bleeding through rotted tennis shoes, his heart pumping. He turned and fixed on the setting behind him, sweat cascading down his bony cheeks, believing that there was someone or something there. But there was nothing. Nothing but his own trembling shadow in the creeping sun.
At last he turned, prepared to see what he'd only seen last night as a blur, a smoky haze, a shape entirely formless. Something fresh, he thought, not knowing if he was trembling in fear or anticipation.
At first he only saw the tide's usual disappointments: tree limbs blown into the water from the other side of the island, seaweed wrenched from the ocean floor, pebbles and tiny and larger rocks of innumerable configurations. And then he saw something else.
Something new and different.
Lying face-down in the sand, among a score of torn, soggy driftwood, was the body of a woman.
Something fresh.
He tore across the beach with sand irritating the exposed flesh in his rotted tennis shoes trying to slow his progress. Nothing could stop him.
He reached the woman and flung the driftwood aside. He picked her up in his arms, turned her, cleared the sand away from her face and felt for a pulse.
He felt her heart beating.
The strange man looked up at the scorching sun and smiled for the first time in ages. It didn't occur to him that the last time he'd smiled he had a full set of shimmering pearly whites, where now he had a mouth full of black rot and decay. Nevertheless, he smiled, and soon began to weep.
Five minutes later he carried the woman away as carefully as a five-foot, six-inch fragile mirror.
At the same time he vanished into the trees, something else washed ashore.
A severed hairy arm with a smashed, paper-thin hand, complete with five twisted digits.

* * *

The pictures in her mind never completely blacked out. She saw bits and pieces of her past strike out from a cold dark tunnel. Memories with long skeletal-like fingers which grabbed and tried to wash her spinning body down the tunnel. But they let go. Somehow, as the black became an obvious destiny, the skeletal fingers let go.
And she kept floating and spinning.
Through the crest of violent, hungry waves, and bullet-hard raindrops fired from justice above. She floated.
Until, at last, she landed—or dreamed she had.
A place where dawn rose calmly and the lights were brighter than a million connected floodlights. And the heinous skeletal fingers, that had once held her, slithered away like individual serpents, down the frigid tunnel. Her eyes never opened, she never once regained consciousness, yet she knew it was over.
Or just beginning.
Then there was gray. An image to let her know she was still on the boundary between reality, fantasy, life and death. The storm was not over.
A different set of fingers grasped her, warm fingers from a bright place. She imagined hearing the soft melodic strum of a twelve-string guitar playing somewhere deep in the blinding white.
A day passed.
Another.
On the third day the gray metamorphosed into shape, definition and color.
The third day her eyes opened and she took a first glimpse of her unfortunate surroundings.
"You. . .made. . .it," a nervous voice said. "I thought. . .thought I was going to lose you."
She dreamed the voice she heard was a doctor's, but her eyes—open with toothpicks holding the lids—saw differently. The man hovering over her was no doctor. He was as scraggly as a common bum, a vagabond, a total loser who survived on rat-like behavior. He had the unpleasant odor of dead fish, a salty, dank scent. He had a beard (if that's what it was) which looked as if it had never been shaven. His eyes were as worn and bloodshot as the town drunk's. His skin color wasn't even normal. It was gross, pale and thin. It bordered on translucent. She saw herself waking from a deep sleep to a dying, disgusting, useless bum.
"I. . .I can't believe you made it." He held out hands which were as worn as his eyes.
"Who?" she forced through sun blistered lips, her voice box not allowing anymore. She tried to turn away from the man's anxious gaze, but her neck wouldn't cooperate.
"Please," he whispered, bringing something to her mouth. "Please drink. You need fluids. You almost. . .didn't make it."
She drank without objection. She doubted that she had the strength to object. A warm, milky substance slid down her parched throat. Coconut? She compared the taste to her memory banks. Yes, coconut milk.
The man pulled the coconut away from her lips. "Are you hungry? You must be starved."
"I," she began, the jaws, this time, not cooperating. He gave her another drink and she drained the coconut dry.
The man took the coconut away again. He broke off a piece of it and offered it to her. "Hungry?" He repeated, as if she didn't understand English.
She shook her head.
"Okay." He put the coconut on the ground beside her. "But I must know how you feel? Please, if you feel feverish or sick or cold—I must know. How do you feel?"
Her first sentence came, along with a loud discordant cough. "You. . .are a"—COUGH! —"doctor?"
"No," the man replied, lowering his head. "No, wish I was. You wouldn't have scared me like you did if I was."
"How?" She coughed again, rubbing her throat raw.
"For now, let me ask the questions. I don't think you should talk too much right away. You had a terribly high temperature, it might have been pneumonia. That's why I need to know how you feel?"
"Alive," she answered, for the moment not so gratified by that fact.
"Do you feel nauseated?"
"No." COUGH!
"Hot? Cold?"
"Shitty," she replied.
He grinned. "Humor, that's a good sign."
A moment passed where she could no longer keep her eyelids open. She pressed on, needing to learn more about her surroundings.
"Who. . .are. . .you?"
"I thought I was the one asking the questions?" He took a piece of coconut and started munching on it.
"If you aren't a doc"—COUGH! —"tor, who are you?"
"A friend," he touched her chin, a loving gesture which made her cringe, "that found you three days ago."
She looked around, trying to remember what happened to her, what had brought her to this unfamiliar place. Everything was unclear at the moment. She had a sense that it would come back to her in time. Right now she cared more about where she was than how she'd arrived there.
"Where am I?"
He looked around, gesturing to a blurry, fish-reeking cave. "My home, of course."
"A. . .cave?"
"On an island, yes."
"Island? What"—COUGH!—"island?"
Strangely, he avoided the question. "You aren't going to get well unless you bundle up and get some sleep. We'll talk again when you wake up."
She started to protest, but he put a fish-stinking finger to her lips. "And I'll leave this coconut for you when you can stomach it. You do want to get well, don't you?"
He removed his finger when she nodded.
"Now, sleep." He smiled, showing ebony rotting teeth, and stroked her ash blond hair. "And pleasant dreams."
She closed her eyes and shuddered. She told herself it wasn't the man who frightened her. It was his grotesque debilitating body.
She drifted and slept once again.


CHAPTER 3

It is believed that if you dream of paradise; endless celebration, hot days basking in pleasant rays with warm sand tickling your toes, a world without deception and pain, this is a dream reflection of pent-up unhappiness, a longing to break loose from an unsettling environment. She awoke sharply, sitting up wide-eyed, erect as a chair. Her dream of perfect paradise, she realized, was a terrifying mask of the cold dirt bed she'd been sleeping on.
The bearded bum-looking man was sitting on a large rock five feet away. He had a pocket knife and was whittling a tree branch. A bright sun shone through the cave entrance behind him. He was watching her, staring.
"I'd like to know who you are and where I am?"
"Well, well," replied the man. "I see we're feeling better this morning."
"Stop ignoring me."
The man pointed the knife at his chest. "I'm ignoring you?" He started whittling again, never once looking at his project.
"Yes."
"I certainly didn't mean to do so." He whittled off the spear-like edge he was putting on the tree branch and cursed the mistake. As if nothing had happened he looked up at her and continued, "I'm just concerned, that's all."
"Why? You don't know who I am. You don't even know where I came from."
"I saved you from death," he said and she felt her rising anger bottom out. Surely this bum meant her no harm, but why did something about him seem amiss?
"Yes, and I'll probably never be able to thank you enough for that. But tell me, please, who are you?"
"You have been here for four days and haven't eaten a thing. You must be absolutely famished. I'll make us both something to eat and be happy to answer your questions. But beware, I have a few questions of my own."
"Like?"
"Your name? That might be a good start."
"Jessica Stanton."
"Hi Jessica, my name is Dick. Now, we are no longer strangers."
Bullshit, she thought, forcing her thirteen stubborn facial muscles to smile.
Dick was right about one thing, she was famished. The meal he 'made' was something she would have expected to eat as a castaway on Gilligan's Island: coconuts, juicy red round berries which tasted tart but good, and (yuck) smoked fish. She suffered through primitively roasted fish over a crackling, smelly fire inside the cave. Suffered, because she didn't like eating with her hands. It wasn't that she abhorred getting her hands dirty, no, she'd simply grown accustomed to eating food in a distinguished, elegant manner. There was nothing distinguished or elegant about pieces of fish dangling like peeled skin from her fingers.
Dick wasn't fooled by her dogged, yet unimpressive attempts at concealing her uneasiness. He smiled and chewed his last piece of fish. "So do you go by a nickname? Jessie, Jess, something like that?"
"No. Not since high school. Jessica will be fine."
"Okay, Jessica." He stamped out the fire with his chewed-up sneaker. "Already told you who I am, so onto your second question: where are you? I can't say for sure. I believe we're somewhere far off the shores of San Francisco, perhaps due north of the Hawaiian Islands, on some freakishly unknown island. I say 'freakishly' because I haven't seen even one boat pass here. Same for planes except I swear some nights I awake hearing the rumbling of engines."
"How long have you been here?" 
Dick stood up, "I'm not so sure about that either." he moved over to the corner of the cave, picked up something, brought it back, and handed it to her.
It was an old black-band, wind-up Timex wristwatch, long since replaced by fancy digital monstrosities able to predict all but the future. Seeing the watch, Jessica flashed back on an equally old commercial where a man with a red hardhat dropped a similar Timex into a cement mixer while boasting that "Timex takes a licking, but keeps on ticking." Sure enough, when the watch came out of the mixer, it was still ticking. This watch, however, must have taken a much harsher licking because it wasn't ticking. It was frozen on the time: 12:03 P.M.
When she finally looked up Dick had a solemn expression and asked, "What year is this, anyway?"
"Nineteen ninety-three." she answered.
He took the watch from her and held it close to his face. "Oh, Jesus, no, nineteen ninety-three. Jesus. . ." He touched the cracked face of the watch to his forehead and closed his eyes.
"Dick? How long? How long have you been here?"
"Eleven years," he said, opening his distant eyes. "Eleven long years."
As if on cue, the light outside dimmed.

* * *

"How did I get here?" Dick repeated Jessica's question. "Do you want the long, boring tale? Or a quick summary?" 
"It's up to you."   
"Okay." he paused, eyes wandering, "I was on a long fishing trip and a bad storm caught us like the one a couple of nights ago. There was, oh, I'd say thirty of us on the ship that day. I'm the sole survivor." He paused again looking back at Jessica with a melancholy expression, "I was beginning to think I'd be here alone forever."
"We're alone?" Jessica gasped. She was stranded alone with an old, decaying bum?
"Yes. Yes, quite alone."
"And," Jessica fought back the fear in her voice. "There's no way off this island?"
"No way."
"Nobody knows I'm here?"
"I'm not so sure about that. Why don't you tell me how you got caught up in the storm?"
Jessica rubbed her forehead and forced her weak legs to stand. Her bones cracked. She turned away.
"Jessica? Are you all right? What did I say?"
She knew he was standing behind her, staring with his empty, pitiful pits. She was not ready to accept the fact that she had survived. Perhaps she really had been torn apart in that storm. Perhaps her final destination had been decided?
Heaven was too good for her because she hadn't helped enough senior citizens cross the street, hadn't donated enough money to AIDS research or Jerry Lewis' continuous battle with Muscular Dystrophy, hadn't loved or labored or lived the Good Life. Perhaps this was, instead, the other place. The bad place. And this was where she would suffer forever: an enigmatic island with a rotting man for company.
She turned. "I—I'm sorry. It's going to take a while for me to. . .to get used to this."
A strong ocean wind blew through the cave opening.

* * *

"My name is Jessica Roberta Stanton. I grew up in New York and am married to Edward Stanton. You don't know who he is, do you?"
"Sorry." He looked at her marriage finger and she nodded sadly. The tide had brought her to the island somewhat unscathed, yet it kept her diamond wedding ring as an eerie memento.
She continued, "Edward Stanton owns the patents on several revolutionary computer chips. The IX-2 series is tearing it up in the business world. Edward has IBM shaking. We were celebrating a billion in profits and then—"
The wind blew in, captured, raised and lowered her hair.
"And then?" Dick prodded.
"Edward wanted to take a yacht trip. Just a couple of close people we knew, and me, of course. We left from San Francisco. . ."
"So you live in New York and he owns a private yacht in San Francisco?" Dick said.
"No, we live in Valford, a suburb of Redmond, Washington. Sort of becoming the tech hub in the Pacific Northwest. Microsoft is there as well. We have a condo in New York." She kept using 'we' but Dick was correct that the toys were more about and for Edward than her. "We own several yachts. One in Mexico, New York and San Francisco."
"So, you're rich." Dick must have missed the part about celebrating a billion dollars in profit.
She expected him to be envious, as most people were, but he wasn't in the slightest. She might have gotten a better reaction out of the rock he was sitting on.
"Money doesn't do much good here, does it?" 
"No." He shook his head. "Unless, you want to use it as toilet paper."
She smirked, realizing the cruel joke behind his reply. "Speaking of toilet paper. . ."
He stood up and gestured to the cave entrance. "Follow me, Jessica, and I'll show you the, uh, bathroom."
Yes, she decided, I am in hell.
Outside the cave there was a large patch of multi-shaded green plants. He showed her the beaten entrance with the same enthusiasm as a gas attendant pointing to a dirty john. She didn't ask for toilet paper, fearing his answer, she just went to it.
Minutes later she emerged from the plant enclosure holding her nose.
Her face was turning green. "The smell! Ohhh, disgusting."
"You'll get used to it."
"It smells worse than an outhouse. I never thought anything could smell worse than an outhouse."
"It's this way back to the cave." He gestured for her to take his hand and she declined. She was disgusted that he would even want to touch her hand after she'd gone to the bathroom.
"I need to wash first," she said.
"The ocean is wonderful for cleansing," he said. "But if you get a cut, watch out. Then the bitch gets cranky."
He led her through a long ravine passage. She tried to learn what directions they were twisting and turning but it was futile. She was not a woodsman. She told herself, like it or not, she would have to stick close to Dick. She would not know what to do if she got lost in the woody labyrinth.
"How big is this island?"
"I figure it's roughly four square miles. Not that big. Still plenty big enough to get lost in, if you know what I mean."
"Don't worry, I have no intention of running away."
"That's comforting. I promise that in not too long you'll get to know your way around here."
The strength and confirmation in that thought made her shiver.
In another five minutes he peeled back a bush and showed her a long sandy beach.
"This is the southwest beach. The one you washed in on. Go ahead and wash your hands, I'll wait for you here."
Jessica moved slowly toward the incoming tide, her naked feet sinking into the warm sand. Soon the beach beneath her feet grew damp and slimy, the perfect boundary for this hell-island. She knelt down as the tide rushed in, getting deeper around her until the icy tide filled up to her ankles. She washed her hands in the ocean while staring out at the violent waves crashing a football field's distance away. The tide rolled back out and she studied it for a long, ponderous moment. She trudged back up the beach where Dick was waiting, feeling no relief. She still felt something amiss. This wasn't one of those countless romance novel islands where peace and tranquility reign.
Dick was sitting down on the beach when she returned. "So, are you ready to finish your story?"
She sat down next to him. "My story?" she stared off in the distance, still disoriented.
"You were at San Francisco, and the fact that you're, um, very rich."
Very rich, ha! Even armed with her miraculous credit cards—which had saved her from many a terrible tragedy—she couldn't buy her way out of this. Let me put a bathroom with deluxe shower head on my Mastercard, please.
"We left for Hawaii," she said, locking eyes on the ocean once again. "And, like what happened on your fishing trip, the big storm came. I kept telling Edward we should turn back. The Coast Guard had given warnings. But Edward, well, he's stubborn. The storm came and—and the boat capsized."
She didn't realize tears were streaming down her face. Dick laid a gentle hand on her knee.
She turned from the ocean swells and shot Dick a stare. "Do you think there's any chance. . .that Edward is still alive?"
Dick looked away. "You know, it looks like it's going to be a nice day." 
"Not the ignoring thing again, please." She wiped away a tear with the back of her hand. "Just give it to me straight."
"Sorry." Dick paused. "Okay, I'll say this, if you survived, he might have survived too. He might have—"
Jessica was too immersed with self-pity to pursue where Dick was going with that statement. 
The sound of the waves pounding the beach, a heavenly sound to her at one time, now seemed very depressing.
"Dick, please take me back to the cave so I can sleep some more. I've heard all I can handle today."
Without saying another word he took her back.

* * *

After he was sure Jessica was sleeping he left the cave, went outside and stared across at the east side of the island. 
He'd almost blown it, had almost said: Edward might have washed ashore on another beach. It would have been a huge blunder talking about the other parts of the island. Jessica might have wanted to go see if they could find her husband. Maybe tomorrow she'd want to do that anyway and that wouldn't be good. No. He must keep Jessica focusing on herself.
Jessica thought of him as having a name that some childhood friends once used to call him: Dick. And oh how appropriately it described what he was being at the moment.
The trees swaying in the breeze were the perfect mask for the terrible secret. Perhaps too perfect? He wondered if he'd be able to pull off his plan. It would be quite a test and he could see many advantages if successful. 
But if he failed?


CHAPTER 4

A pleasant hour passed while Richard, the man Jessica knew as Dick, sat on his rock seat and admired the sleeping woman. Despite her ruined blouse that the ocean had wrecked, Jessica was still more beautiful than any woman in his wildest, most vivid fantasy. She had the most captivating, entrancing ash-blond hair; it laid there, oh so natural, without the added four-hour curling and combing and hair spraying (which left most women with oily stiff mop heads, instead of hair).
Her piercing brown eyes happily reminded him of his favorite candy, Hershey's Kisses, and when she was sad those Kisses appeared to melt like the famous chocolate. Her petite, inviting lips. She had a very natural look, unlike his nose which had been broken a handful of times and looked like a Rorschach ink blot. She had a tiny mouth, opening to a full set of gleaming whites, and a wonderful smile. She was just like his dream told him.
Something fresh.
He stood up, his tree branch honed to a fine edge, and walked over to her. He stroked her hair with the branch-spear. "So. . .fresh."
Five minutes later he left her alone in the cave.

* * *

Jessica awoke and sensed being alone. She sprung up and searched around. 
Where was Dick? The rock where he had been whittling was vacant. The sun still shone brightly through the cave entrance, and she told herself that he had probably just stepped outside to find another branch to whittle. She must not have been asleep that long. An hour? two? At least, Dick had not left her alone in the dark.
But he had left her alone.
Fear strangled her body. Tiny ripples of gooseflesh rose like weeds all over her body. The cave reeked not only of fish, but of a worse odor, a fouler stench: loneliness.
She got up and went quickly to the cave entrance.
"Dick? Dick?"
The wind howled. Mocked.
Louder: "Dick?"
Nothing. No echo.
She walked ten feet down the beaten trail. Stood alongside the makeshift bathroom. Called again.
"Dick?"
He was gone.
Looking into the jungle's confusing mixture of plants, vines, rocks and trees, she remembered his cautionary words: Still plenty big enough to get lost in.
Yes, she thought and his other words resonated inside her brain: if you know what I mean.
The wind drove a few icy chills up and down her spine.
Where could Dick have gone? The beach? Fishing?
"Dick?" she called out again. No doubt, he'd left her alone. What's wrong with that? Her conscience was annoyed, it's broad daylight and you're being (Edward's words): chickenshit.
But even in their Valford mansion she couldn't stand being left alone. And Edward seemed to leave her alone too often. "Stop being so yellow honey," he'd say with his annoying chuckle. A sound like billiard balls cracking together during an aggressive break. "What's so bad about being home alone? Turn on the TV or radio if you want some company." 
Sometimes that worked.
Except now she didn't see any big screen TV or high end stereo receivers popping out of the bushes. Let me charge that to my Mastercard too please. 
Jessica turned and stared back at the cave entrance. It was approximately ten feet in diameter with long green and brown vines twisting around the creepy opening. It reminded her of the hungry, spittle-dripping mouth. Darkness and evil dominating over light inside the cave. There was nothing positive Jessica could say about her new home, even from a good distance.
There was something wrong with this "freakishly unknown" island. She felt something dark and disturbing churning inside her stomach.
She decided it wasn't wise for her to have left the cave. She started back. She made it five feet before she heard something rustling in the bushes nearby.
Something alive.
Something moving closer.
Her heartbeat shifted into overdrive, pummeling the ventricle walls. Hairs on the back of her neck rose. Prickling sensations nipped at random spots on her body: fingertips, toes and palms.
Her eyes searched for the intruder. Found none. She was disturbed and on the verge of executing her best shriek.
Nothing, Jessica. Edward's click-clack (eight-ball corner pocket) chuckle: chickenshit.
A harsh wind blew and the whole ravine came alive; shiver-dancing to the ocean tide's music.
Damn imagination. Her heartbeat slowed, returned to normal. A minute passed before she felt silly being scared of nothing.
That was when something cold, something real, emerged from the ravine, grasped her naked shoulder, and squeezed.
"Gotcha."
It was only Dick.
"Hey! You scared the shit out of me." Jessica trembled.
"I—I was just teasing, sorry." Dick yanked back his icy hand. "I was watching you."
"Then why didn't you answer me?"
"I thought. . .I just—"
"I don't enjoy being frightened, Dick, and this island scares me enough. Please don't. Don't do that again."
He held up his spear, a string of fish tied onto it. "Peace? I brought dinner."
"Don't do that again." She was still in reprimand mode. "My nerves aren't steel, okay?"
"Okay."
She looked at his despondent eyes. "I don't like being left alone."
"You don't have to explain yourself, Jessica. It's not the first time I've screwed up. "
"Then," she said, eyeing the fish with a grimace. "Let's go. . .eat."

* * *

"Grouper," he explained, chewing the roasted fish, "I catch them near the shore.  They're close relatives of the bass family. Come in all sizes too. My grandfather said the best tasting fish in the world was grouper. He caught a few jewfish in his time. Hung 'em right on his wall."
She was puzzled. "Why hang a twelve-inch fish on the wall? Why didn't he try to catch something a little more ambitious?"
"Ambitious?"
"Bigger. A shark, whale, you know?"
"Jessica, the spotted jewfish is the largest type of grouper you can catch. Some of them weigh up to six-hundred pounds."
Her eyes widened. She didn't know her fish because she didn't like anything outdoorsy beyond sunning out the deck of a yacht or a tropical beach. "Tomorrow," Dick said. "We start your training."
"What training?"
"Survival training, of course. We can't have you fidgeting every time you see a cockroach or—"
"Cockroach?"
"Yeah, you said you were going to Hawaii, right? Hell, that place is, pardon the pun, crawling with them. You should know that, you've probably been there tons of times."
Not the places where we stay.
"Surely, you're not serious?"
"Why wouldn't I be?"
"Because. . .because why does everyone stay where there is cockroaches? We didn't."
"Hey, they're not deadly or anything. They're not even known as disease carriers."
"How come you know so much about fish and insects?" She wanted to add: and about gross, repulsive living things?  
"You think I didn't go to school? That I've been stranded here all my life? I'll have you know I was a good student. I. . ." he stopped and sadness overtook him again."I should have graduated with honors."
"Should have? You didn't graduate?"
"No, I dropped out. Long story."
She could tell Dick didn't want to talk about why he dropped out of school. She made a mental note to revisit this topic again someday.
She thought about touching his shoulder, but declined. She didn't want him to think of her as any more than a fellow stranded person on the island. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to imply you were dumb."
He perked up. "Hell, that's the past. Forget about it. Doesn't matter here. The only thing that matters here is survival."
As they finished eating she asked him to explain what survival entailed.
"I'm gonna teach you everything I can. How to catch red and black grouper. Berries that will keep you alive, berries that will kill you. Climbing trees for coconuts. How to get to the ocean and back to my home here: my cave. Excuse me, our cave."
Oh no, she thought, he's starting to use 'our'. Bad omen.
He nodded, held up his pocket knife and sharpened tree branch.
"What are those for?" she asked.
"Tonight I'll teach you how to make a spear. Just in case."
"In case what?"
"I don't want to alarm you but we do have some wild animals on the island. Mostly night creatures. They probably wouldn't bother you but I'll feel better knowing you can protect yourself."
"With a tree branch?"
"Don't knock it. A finely-honed tree branch can go through you like butter."
He held up one of his whittled spears as an eerie example.

* * *

Sometime later she lay down to sleep. He sat on the rock and started whittling again.
"Don't you ever sleep, Dick?"
He was staring at her again. Staring with weary eyes. "Everyone sleeps."
"Can I ask you a personal question?"
"Sure."
"How old are you?"
He leaned forward curiously. "How old do you think?"
She thought for a moment how strange it was that Dick and she both played mind games; they shot question after question at each other, giving few direct answers. They would have made, when time mattered, lousy game show contestants.
"I don't know. Fifty?"
He dropped his whittling project, aghast, "Fifty?" 
"I'm sorry, you're older?"
He glared at her, disturbed. "Come on now, you really think I look fifty?"
"I don't mean to hurt your feelings. People don't like to talk about age. I don't. I'm thirty-nine and regretting every day. Can't see the forties.  How was it? I mean, how did it feel hitting forty?"
He shook his head. "I wouldn't know, Jessica. I'm only twenty-nine."

* * *

After Jessica had fallen asleep—another mistake telling her his age—he got up and walked outside. He'd spent too much time explaining that his physical appearance was accelerated by living on the island in the elements and she didn't take it well. She liked being beautiful and this island had already begun to age her mentally. She saw the haunting physical effects of spending too much time here.
He stood by the cave entrance, hands in blue jeans long since rags, watching the sky as he had Jessica. There were very few night skies he enjoyed anymore. Loneliness tended to do that to you; ripped you apart like an old couch, found your insides and stomped them flat.
The sky seemed awkward tonight. More stars? Darker? He couldn't tell. He felt an emotion that hadn't been in his heart for a long time, he was happy. Something he was never supposed to be here. Perhaps he saw fate in the sky. An hour glass refilled with sand.
You can't break me, he raised a fist to the night sky, you'll never break me.
He left the jungle eyes and went back inside. He would never tire of watching her and fantasized about the day she would touch him like a lover. The day she would decide to make love with him on the sandy southwest beach. He would not rush anything, they had time. She had to get over her husband. 
Maybe tomorrow he would tell her that while she slept he searched all over the island and couldn't find any sign of other survivors, including Edward.
Had she accepted Edward's death yet?  She would in time. Our time won't run out. He fell asleep with a big smile on his face.
He had no idea how wrong he was.


CHAPTER 5

Spring 1984.
Kyle Roberts didn't like anybody he couldn't understand. English was the only language he wanted spoken by others and the only language he knew. The group's dominant language would be among the first of many battles. Several in the group wanted the language to be Spanish while the majority favored English. One couldn't speak any other language than Japanese.
His name was Saruwatari Naoki, age 54.  They knew he was 54 because several times he had drawn the number in the dirt and pointed to his chest. It was one of the few things he could write in English. He was the oldest in the group.
He was about to do something unusual that would make him a folk hero in the group.
Saruwatari first discovered the clearing on the west side of the island. 
They called him Sar for short. He had grown up on the volcanic Izu islands in Japan. The group leader, Kyle Roberts, had learned this from Seth Everson, a newbie who rambled about his eyes having special powers. Seth was the only one who knew enough Japanese to interpret. 
"A clearing?" Kyle said. "So what, there are several clearings."
Seth said something in Japanese and Sar grabbed a stick and started drawing symbols in the dirt.
"Well?" Kyle's impatience grew. He'd considered gutting the Japanese farmer on several occasions. Sar had been saved by Seth's half-assed translating. 
Sar's anxious eyes bothered Kyle.
"Something about the ground and farming. I don't quite understand, sorry." Seth shrugged.
"Show me this place," Kyle said.
Sar led Kyle and Seth across the island. They talked back and forth in Japanese, further annoying Kyle.
"What are you talking about?"
"He's talking about the dirt on the Izu Islands. He loves talking about dirt."
Kyle grunted. "Big surprise. A dirt-loving farmer."
The sun bore down on the trio as they made it to a 75'x75' clearing. Sar bent down and ran his fingers through the dirt. He looked up and rattled off more Japanese.
"Sar says vegetables will grow here."
"Without any seeds? Yeah, right."
Kyle munched on the berries. Gigantic-sized, tasty berries.
Several butterflies fluttered across the clearing. Kyle stopped and admired them.
"I think he's saying something about the seeds already being here," Seth said. "He says this summer we'll have vegetables to eat."
"These are the best berries anywhere on the island," Kyle replied. "Tell him I said: 'nice find, Sar.'" Kyle was disappointed that he hadn't found this place first. Having not been here a full year there were bound to be some useful spots he hadn't found first. And the butterflies seemed to like this place too.
Sar bowed at Kyle, smiling.

* * *

Summer 1984.
Kyle was sitting on the beach when Sar and Seth approached him. They showed him long, bright orange carrots. The carrots had grown in the clearing on the west side of the island that Sar had discovered.
"Sar was right," Seth said, offering Kyle a carrot. Kyle chomped on it and, like the berries that grew around the clearing, the carrot was very tasty. Best carrot he'd had in years. The only carrot he'd had in years.
Kyle was impressed and a bit surprised by Sar's discovery. Sar was proving to be more useful. And Everson, ranting about his eyes aside, wasn't half-bad either. Before summer was out, Sar also shared potatoes and tomatoes grown in the clearing with the group.
The happiness of having something to eat besides berries, coconuts and fish would soon end. They were not allowed to be happy here for long.


CHAPTER 6

1992.
After twenty-six years in San Quentin for the brutal murder of his mother and wife, and eighteen months before Jessica Stanton washed ashore the island, the state of California decided to let Torque walk. And it was no longer than five minutes after he passed the gate, smiling, waving goodbye to the guards, that he smelled the coppery scent of blood.
They let me out, he thought, whistling the Marine song, and on such a glorious day.
A sunny, hot Valentine's Day. He could already see the pitiful young lovers, gathering like moss under the shade of towering oaks, playing pussy-pussy, kissy-kissy games. Husbands forced into buying chocolate sweets and long stem roses (which died after two weeks anyway, so what was the fucking purpose?). Wives acting phony when their surprise came or cuntish when it didn't. Little boys and girls barely acquainted with the birds and bees, passing out nonsensical Will You Be Mine cards. Torque just couldn't understand the fascination. He knew the only good thing about Valentine's Day was the color: red.
The same color as blood.
Satan's color.
Torque sighed wistfully, looking across the jammed parking lot for Baby Blue, his pick-up truck. It had to be there somewhere, he knew, because Uncle Sal told him it was in his last letter. Uncle Sal said he parked it and left sweet Sally under the seat. Uncle Sal was a swell guy, he kept Sally all these years, and took care of her like she was one of his own. Uncle Sal knew Sally would be put to good use again someday. If not by Torque, by him; Uncle Sal said his wife was getting too big for her britches. If that came down, Sally would be pleased. She loved blood.
But not more than Torque.
There she was: Baby Blue, sitting next to some red foreign piece of shit; what a disgrace. Uncle Sal must have missed it, Torque was disappointed, and decided that as a good, upstanding citizen of the United States he would slash the tires and steal the stereo. The least he could do.
Torque's birth name was Wally Adamson, but those who knew that were either the law, dead, or as crazy as him (Uncle Sal, for example). He'd gotten the nickname by the way he torqued his mother and ex-wife's heads with his monstrous hands until they snapped. After he torqued their heads, he let Sally do the rest.
It took him three minutes to reach Baby Blue. Four more to fix the foreign jobby. It would have taken less time, but he was a little rusty, and he would have felt wrong not slicing the leather upholstery to ribbons.
He climbed into the pick-up and looked underneath the seat. The keys were waiting on Sally's sleek body. He took them, jammed them into the ignition and let her rip. She fired like she'd never gone cold. Now that's love.
Looking back at San Quentin, his home since he was eighteen, he felt a little sad to be leaving. He took a moment and studied its beautiful figure. The cold, unforgiving concrete and you're-never-going-to-leave-here barbed wire fences. He couldn't have asked for a nicer prison home. He loved it and it loved him.
Before tearing out of the parking lot, he opened the window and spit on the foreign jobby. It would never park next to Baby Blue again. The road opened up, and Satan led Torque's nose to the overwhelming scent.
"Speak to me," he said crazily. "Tell me what I must do. Tell me how I can join you."
The wind brought him an answer. Another smell. It was a weird, succinct odor that, at first, stupefied him. He hadn't come upon that odor for quite some time.
And then he recognized it was fried chicken.
Southern Fried Chicken.
"Wonderful." He laughed happy as the day was bright, driving toward the smell of chicken.
And blood.
On the way a few cars passed him too close on the two-lane road. He could tell Sally was getting nervous and it started bothering him. Back off, he gave them all dirty, hateful stares. They obeyed and gave Baby Blue breathing room.
The power of Satan. I have the power of Satan.
It took about five minutes to trace the smell down. Torque was right, it was emitting from a Southern Fried Chicken fast food restaurant. He pulled into the barely-filled parking lot, passing the slowly revolving chicken logo. It was their knockoff of Kentucky Fried Chicken's spinning bucket of chicken. Everybody ripped off everybody else on the outside. The smell was unbearable.
Too much chicken. Not enough blood.
He turned off the engine and hugged Sally. In the glove box, Uncle Sal had packed plenty of ammo. He cradled Sally, the sawed-off double barrel pointing like eager fingers toward blood. Sally could smell it a thousand miles away, something Torque could never quite figure out. He wondered if a vampire could smell it that far away. No, he decided, vampires are pussies. They can only kill after daylight, at night. Sally never slept; she was ready for blood 24/7, 365.
And boy was she ready now. She was trembling in his hands.
He got out of Baby Blue and, in broad daylight, walked across the parking lot with Sally ready at his side.
Valentine's Day. Cupid had his bow and arrow. Torque had Sally.
A starry-eyed college kid waltzed out of the front door, a bucket of chicken in his hands, a small grin on his face.
"First blood," Torque laughed, aiming.
"Jesus Christ." The kid dropped the bucket, chicken spilling on the stone walkway.
"Wrong guess." Torque pulled Sally's trigger. Only one barrel for the kid, his guess wasn't that far off.
Torque was a perfect shot. The bullet attacked the kid's white shirt like a meat sauce covered fist, opening a fleshy hole one foot in diameter. The force sent the kid rocketing through the glass doors, and shards flew like shrapnel every which way.
"Open says me!" Torque walked through the shattered glass opening. The glass sounded like teeth crushing beneath his footsteps.
People screamed at the sprawled dead body of the college kid and at Sally. She loved to hear them shriek her name. In the heart of every scream Torque could hear Sally's name.
"Who's next?" Torque played the gun from fool to fool. From the bald-headed black guy in the referee suit to the fat bitch with too many children (piglets, he deemed) to the gray-suited man with a barbecue chicken face to the stoned-looking kid in the corner (probably high on that crack shit) and his punk rock buddy with multi-colored spiked hair.
The Southern Fried Chicken (SFC) employees, all spiffed up in their blue and white outfits, stood terrified behind the counter. They all looked the same to Torque (they either had small tits or no tits). The boss probably wanted it that way.
Silence is perhaps the most deadly weapon of all, especially in the hands of a maniac, and Torque worked the silence (coupled with a few wicked stares that would have stoned Medusa herself) for several long frightening minutes. Once satisfied he switched targets, pointing Sally at a freckly teenage employee who quickly pissed himself.
"Where's your manager, boy?"
"In—in—-in—"
He put Sally to the boy's throat. 'Do you want to die?"
"N-n-no."
"Where's the fucking chief?" Torque screamed. The boy squeezed his eyes, shuddering.
"BANG." Torque laughed as the freckled employee fainted dead away.
"I'm here." An old man with a boy's face came out from behind the chicken display. He was dressed in fine brown slacks and a pressed blue shirt with a clip-on tie displaying the SFC logo, another sight of ripping off a better known fast food restaurant. 
The manager trembled.
Someone moved behind Torque. He turned, firing off a random shot. It was the punk rocker with the pink, black and green spiked hair trying to run for it.
Only now he would never run again.
Sally had leveled him, and his head was a caved-in pumpkin, oozing blood and brain out of a hole in the skull. A lucky shot.
"NOBODY FUCKING MOVE!" Torque raged, spittle flying from his mouth. The dining room was frozen with eyes watching Torque in exquisite fear.
The weapon of silence was used for three more minutes. This time the silence seemed much more eternal, for now it was obvious that anyone who attempted escape would meet the same unfortunate outcome. Torque was not a maniac searching for attention; he was a puppet on Satan's strings, one of the ghastly evils that had escaped from Pandora's Box.
Satan wanted Torque out and had told him everything he needed to say and do to massage the parole board.
"What—what do you want?" the manager finally asked, still shaking.
Torque swung around. "Dumb fucking question, Chief! What the fuck do you think I want?"
"Money. You want the money?"
Torque laughed so hard he almost fell. "The money. You think I want the fucking money?" He walked over to the drug addict kid with an Iron Maiden concert shirt, and gestured to the manager. "Do you think I want the fucking money?"
The kid answered fast: "No."
"So, what's your problem?"
"I'm tripping on two hits, man, and you just killed my friend and I'm really, really freaking out."
"Tell me, why do you think I'm here?" Torque asked the drug addict curiously. He reloaded Sally.
Silence. The boy struggled to think with his poisoned head. After a moment he came up with: "Hell. Hell sent you."
"BIN-GO." Torque rushed back to the manager and pointed Sally at him. "No, I didn't come here for your fucking money. This is a game, Chief. You, me, the squaws." He kissed the butt of the gun. "And Sally."
The manager gulped. His employees backed against the back counter where they packed their chicken orders. One of them knocked over a cardboard sign which read: SERVICE WITH A SMILE.
"Did you call the pigs yet?" Torque barked, spitting a gigantic loogie on the cash register.
"N-no."
"Bull-FUCKING-SHIT. You want to see some more blood, huh?"
"NO! No. No, please. Yes. Yes, I called the police."
But he hadn't. Someone who was passing by already had.
"Good," Torque said and informed Sally that they'd have more company soon. He looked at the manager and pointed at the scared people behind him. "How should I line them up, Chief?"
"Line—them—up?"
"What are you, stupid?" He rested Sally on the manager's forehead and massaged the trigger. "Who should I kill first?  Mr. black referee guy? Drug addict loser kid? Or, how about the Eight isn't Enough kids bitch?"
As if they understood, the children cried louder. 
"Shut them up." Torque shouted, "Shut them up bitch or I'll blow them straight to hell."
Torque wouldn't let Satan take him that far, he would turn Sally on himself before hurting children. But the squaws didn't need to know that. It was prison rule that once you hurt children hell would be a vacation. Torque knew his limits and Satan better not dial that number.
The woman hushed her children, regarding Torque with pitiful, pleading eyes. Not the children, she transmitted, take anyone but the children, they don't understand this. Torque answered with a demented glare.
"Why are you doing this?" the manager asked.
"Shut up and give me a piece of chicken." Torque ordered, removing Sally. "And why is a Southern Fried Chicken down here in California. This ain't the south."
"W—we are expanding."
"Shut up, I don't give a flying shit."
In the distance he heard the growing drone of sirens. Sure enough, the pigs were coming. They had been quick about getting to Torque's house that eerie night twenty-six years ago, too. Weird, thought Torque, when you kill somebody the pigs come running as if the butcher is on their tails.
The manager slid a piece of the SFC original chicken across the unmarred blue counter. Torque snatched it
Sally. She was hot as a branding iron now, she'd never felt this hot and horny before.
Torque pointed Sally at the black referee. "Get up." The man jumped to his feet. "What sport do referee, watermelon?" 
"Soccer," the man replied.
"Too bad soccer sucks." He grabbed the man and pushed him toward the front door. When Torque was sure the cops could see the hostage he shouted: "Any funny business and the soccer ref gets wasted next!"
Icy silence. Torque didn't know who was using the deadly weapon this time, yet an inner voice hinted that it was the pigs. Cops were not strangers to the weapon of silence. Torque didn't get nervous, though, he knew how to deal with cops, he'd spent his whole life dealing with the law.
They had their song, and he knew the dance.
The long-awaited reply: "What do you want?"
Torque smiled at the question. What did he want? He wanted his old cell, his old job in the prison library, a nice, good old-fashioned, down-home fuck. Besides that?
MORE BLOOD.
The referee took advantage of Torque's moment of thought and pushed him out of the way.
"Crazy racist bastard!" the referee screamed, rushing, fists clenched, straight for Torque like a professional fighter. Been a long time since I kicked a black dude's ass, Torque left Sally at his side and laid a hard right into the referee's jaw.
But it didn't stop the man.
The referee swung, Torque ducked, and the ref put his fist through the cheap SFC plaster wall. Torque stepped aside, took the man's head and, with great pleasure, torqued it the same way he'd torqued Nina, his slutty wife.
The crack echoed clear out into the parking lot.
More icy silence. Torque was proud to be the one wielding the weapon again.
Soon the cop's voice returned, but only after a long pause, "S.W.A.T. is surrounding you. Do not hurt any more people."
Ah, the irony. Do not hurt any more people? Well, what about him? Torque. He'd been hurt, was hurt, and would always be hurt. Nina was supposed to have his baby but why didn't she? Because Torque wasn't "stable." Isn't that what she'd told him? That hurt, really fucking hurt. And what about Momma? Momma said she loved him, but she loved pills more. Well, he fixed them, all right. The outside world hurt, but he could get even. He could shed their blood. They must have wanted him to because they were the ones who let him out.
"Come in and get me, pigs." Torque replied, this was the biggest day of his life. The best Valentine's Day ever. Just him and his only true love Sally.
He took Sally and blew the referee's head off. The headless, bloody corpse slumped over the college kid with an extremely lifeless THUMP!
"Who's next?" Torque laughed and went back into the dining room. He sat down next to the drug addict, the crying, whimpering children clinging to their mother like static. "Who's next?"
"You ain't real, man. You. . .you just can't be from this planet. Man. . .you're. . .you're. . ."
"The devil?"
The kid shook his head. "You're fucking out of this world."
"I like you, kid." Torque said, and he was honest. The drug addict was the only likeable character in the bunch. The chief, come to think of it, wasn't that bad either.
"Torque. We know it's you in there. Wally Adamson. We know it's you."
Torque stood up, moving back, this time wrenching a child away from the mother and taking her to the shattered entrance. Satan was trying to make him hurt a piglet. No.
"Wally. Don't do it. Give it up. Don't."
"Who's there?"
"It's Sonny Rich, Torque."
Sonny. That name rang some bell, not a new bell, an old, old bell. Wasn't he the same S.W.A.T. guy who talked him out of his own home twenty-six years ago? Was it possible he was still on the force? Still active, not retired?
"Torque?" Sonny yelled again.
"What do you want, Sonny?"
"Give it up, Torque. Three people are gone already. Give it up."
"Why?" Torque put Sally next to the little girl's head. He'd only heard stories in Quentin about killing piglets, and none of them were pleasant. He didn't want to do it but he felt Satan clawing inside his brain, begging him to pull the trigger. His inner turmoil grew.
"We're coming in to get you in one minute, Torque. Let the little girl go. Snipers are on you. There's no way out."
His hands shook. The little blond-headed five-year-old girl shook. Sally shook. The whole world shook.
'Thirty seconds, Torque."
The little girl tilted her head up at him, her eyes bathed in tears, her nose Rudolph red. "Please don't h-hurt m-me."
There was something soothing in the little girl's eyes,
The same serene stare Torque had seen in Nina's eyes. Nina's stare changed over time to a malevolent gaze. But the child, she had the serene stare.
(LET IT GO)
Torque couldn't hold it, he broke.
"All right." He shouted and walked out into the brightness, Sally where she always was, right at his side.
"DROP IT," they ordered. But before he could, someone, some incompetent fuck rookie opened fire. A full clip pelted Torque's body, punching him BACK! FORTH! BACK!
FORTHBACKFORTHBACKFORTH!
The frenzy stopped. Smoke whirled from the barrel of a guilty gun. He dropped Sally and—
(LET IT GO)
The sawed-off double-barreled shotgun bounced on the ground and lay still.
And then he went down, at least a dozen holes in his body dripping bright red blood, the concrete catching him like a stone pillow. THUD.
Someone rolled him over. A cloudy face. Sonny? 
"Jesus. Wally? Torque? What the hell have you done?"
Torque smiled through a mouth full of blood, he was too drained to even spit. Blood slid from the corners of his mouth in small red zig-zaggy lines.
"They. Let. Me. Out."


CHAPTER 7

Time, at first, passed like the pages of a boring novel. Seconds, minutes, hours, and days dragged. Jessica wondered on certain days—when the sun hid behind swollen white clouds—if she could bear another day. The island became a bum leg; a form of inoperable benign cancer, a disease spreading around and entangling her. She knew how Dorothy felt in company of the Wicked Witch. She missed many of her personal activities: aerobics, window-shopping, reading those juicy, sex-and-power bestsellers. Those long, aimless drives during the day. Most of all, she missed the relaxing, trouble-free, steaming-hot baths. The ocean was a wonderful cleanser for disease, yes, but it's salty overwhelming smell and always-cold water was nothing like a hot bath with soap. Oh, how she hated her new perfume: Oil Les' Ocean.
And then there was Edward. With each passing day, his death became more of a reality. Dick had told her he'd searched all the other beaches on the island and hadn't found any sign of other survivors.
Assuming the worst, she felt sad, but not detached, for even though she loved Edward he had never succeeded in shattering her wall of independence. Nor had Ron, Jessica's brainy first spouse. She hoped Edward was alive somehow, some way, because if he was he would be orchestrating the grandest search for her that money could buy. 
But if Edward was dead it would be the scavengers he called friends doing the orchestrating. She feared the emphasis wouldn't be finding her; it would be exercising their greed. Search for Jessica? Sure, but not that hard. Spend money searching? Sure, but not that much. Ha! They'd say that kicked back with their over-polished shoes on fancy desks.
Dick had said he was a good student, but he was also a good teacher. She was neither.
"What are you doing?" 
She repeatedly failed to climb the seventy-foot coco palm tree. Her hands wrapped around it in a death grip, her face strained in exertion, her feet struggling for purchase on the bark.
"IM—TRYING—TO—CLIMB—" she panted, finally giving up, "THIS—DAMN—TREE."
"You look more like your dancing than climbing." Dick laughed.
"Thanks, smart ass. Let's see you get some coconuts, huh?"
Without hesitation he scaled the tree like a monkey, shook a dozen coconuts from the frond-like leaves, and slid down, beaming.
"Child's play." 
He'd have to be the designated coconut-getter.
She was not much defter at catching fish.
"You haven't ever caught a fish?" he asked her while she tried to untangle the string from the end of her tree-branch pole.
"Sure I have."
"Where?"
"The frozen fish section inside the supermarket. Edward tossed me a package of cod."
"Very funny."
"Hey, I told you I hate fish. Why on earth would I go fishing if I hate fish?"
"Because it's a sport, that's why." He looked at her, a pitiful sight amidst the dozens of knots in her line. The only way she'd ever catch a fish was if it laughed itself to death and floated into her hands.
Fresh water was at a premium. Dick had constructed a rainwater catching mechanism near the cave that ran off into a bucket. He had several old white buckets in the cave that he said he'd found washed ashore. The buckets held his captured rain drinking water.
About the only thing Jessica became good at was her sense of direction. She learned how to tell where she was by the position of the different trees on the island. He had drawn a small map of the island in the sand and pointed at it with a tree-branch spear.
"The island's like this: a four mile blob. We are on the southwest corner of the island now. If you follow along the western edge you will find the cave. If you get lost always remember to go west, toward the tallest coconut trees. Under no circumstances, should you travel east."
A cold draft feathered her arms and legs. "Why not east? What's wrong with that part of the island?"
"You know those animals I've been telling you about?" 
"Yes."
"That's where they are in greater numbers." 
That settled it. She didn't mind staying on the west side of the island.
Yet she still wondered what type of animals would stick to only one side of an island? The only land differences on the east side of the island that Dick noted were rocky, muddy, and somewhat swampy. 
She had been on the island twenty-nine days. She counted off the days by making scratches on the cave's inner walls. She didn't want to be like Dick and lose track of how much time had expired. 
With the exception of birds she had not seen any other wild animals.
She had seen lots of birds. They weren't menacing like vultures searching for dead flesh, or pissed off at man like Hitchcock's terrifying movie The Birds. They were, instead, graceful animals that seemed more scared of her than she was of them.
Insects. Many, many insects. Cockroaches, ants, flies, butterflies, bees and more. Enough to make her nervous with every step made, but she wasn't a complete wimp, she stomped or swatted every one of the suckers she saw and felt no guilt. A good strong swat or her vicious size-eight was better than the conventional can of Raid any day.
The insects were thickest near the berry bushes on the northern end of the island. There, many colorful, tasty berries grew wild some on thorny bramble bushes—blackberries, dewberries, and boysenberries—some on long vines.
The best tasting berries grew in a 75x75 clearing not far from the cave.
Dick leaned over and scooped up dirt and held it out. "There is no other soil on the island like this. Look how the berries grow larger here than the ones in the thick berry patch on the northern end of the island."
She agreed, these berries were huge and sweet. The best food she'd tasted on the island.
"Sar. . ." Dick whispered.

* * *

Summer 1984.
Sar's wide, anxious grin filled his face as he pointed from the mouth of Richard's cave. He kept saying something in his native tongue and anxiously pointing outside.
"What is it, Sar?"
Sar motioned for him to follow and he led him away from the cave east and down a criss-cross path to the 75x75 clearing.
Sar showed him vegetables were growing. Potatoes, carrots and tomato vines in another section where the sun could peek through the trees and provide enough light. The Japanese farmer kneeled and shoveled dirt with his hands. There were joyful tears in his eyes as he said, "Dojō!"
Richard thought a dojo was the place where martial arts were learned. He would learn later that dojō also meant soil.

* * *

"Dick?" Jessica repeated until he came back. "Lost you for a minute."
"Sorry, sorry. I—I found this clearing when I first got here and should have shown you much sooner. Along with the southwest beach it's my favorite spot on the island. I come here from time to time."
"The ground doesn't have any weeds growing in it?"
"I try to keep any weeds from growing around these berry bushes. They are—well, you can taste how good they are."
Bees buzzed around Dick's head as he explained which berries she could pick. He took a blackberry between his thumb and forefinger and held it up to the intense sun.
"Have you ever picked one of these before?"
"No." she was more concerned about the bees.
"You never went out and picked berries?"
"I—I said. . .no. W-will these bees. . .s-sting?"
"If you do your coconut tree dance, they just might." 
"Funny."
"Jessica, stop. Be very still." He pointed. "There's a bee crawling in your hair."
She could feel tiny legs traversing through her hair. Moving toward the tip of her ear. 
"Still," he whispered. She had to be very still. The bee reached her ear and she could feel her hair beginning to stand on end. Her heart was playing the bass drum in a heavy metal rock song.
THUMP-THUMP. . .THUMP! THUMP-THUMP, THUMP.
Dick started laughing so hard he could barely stand. She turned and realized that there was never any bee crawling in her hair. It had only been the curious branch of a nearby bush playing with her hair. It had only felt like a bee.
"All in your mind!" His face turned red from laughter. "See? Fear is all in your head."
She forced a grin as her blood pressure left the red zone. 
"Sorry about that," Dick said, his laughing reduced to a chuckle. "I saw a chance and, well, couldn't resist."
"That's okay. I will get even." Jessica would too. She wondered how? Dick was the ten year veteran on this island, surprising him here would be challenging.
"I was saying," Dick continued, walking over to the plant behind Jessica. "You can pick any of those berries. They're all edible. However, this one. . ." he held out a cluster of small white flowers on a purple-mottled stem that grew on the outskirts of the clearing.
"Aww, pretty." Jessica cooed.
"Yeah, real pretty. And deadly as hell. Eat one of these and you won't be coming home for dinner, get me?"
She inched away as if it were poison ivy.
"They're all over the island," he said. "Just be careful."
"Don't worry about me. But how—how do you know they're so poisonous?"
Dick's answer was cryptic: "Ask me again someday."
And under much more unpleasant circumstances she would.

* * *

For the first time Jessica didn't walk out of the island latrine looking like she'd been trapped in New York City's sewers.
Dick waited for her to go down to the beach this sunny morning. She was going to try to lead the way without any help. Every morning she'd tried, making it closer and closer before she stared at him with lost, confused eyes.
"What's wrong?"
"How can you tell there's something wrong?"
"One, you're not holding your nose. Two, you don't have a disgusted look on your face. Three, you haven't complained about the smell yet. You always complain about the smell."
"Well, it does stink."
"It's supposed to. It's shit." He chuckled. "Now, what's the problem?"
She looked down at her naked feet. "I had almost forgotten. . ." He waited for her to continue, but after a minute, he had to prod her.
"What?"
"It's kind of embarrassing," she said, blushing. 
"You, embarrassed? Now, there's something I haven't seen. What is it?"
"My period."
Dick's face turned bone-white.
It had been ten days since he'd teased her with the bee incident, and—without even trying—she'd found the payback.
"Dick? Dick, you okay?"
"I, er, forgot. . ."
"You forgot I was a woman?"
"No, how could I forget that?"
"That women have menstrual cycles?"
He nodded. 'Yeah, yeah. . .something like that." Silence.
Stares.
Lost words.
"Uh. . .Dick, I don't suppose you. . .you have any ideas for. . .you know. . .?"
He looked at her dazedly. "For. . .what?" He really didn't know what she was hinting at.
Okay, she told herself, be blunt. "A tampon."
All the blood in his facial flesh seemed to drain away.
"N—no."
Silence.
Stares.
Lost words.
"Don't worry, it's my problem. Come on, let's go to the beach."
For a monumental first time she led him straight to the beach. Although she doubted from the look on his face—the shocked speechlessness—that he would have been able to help anyway.
"Oh my, Dick. Look, there!" Jessica pointed at the sky. They had been sitting on a huge piece of ocean-rotted driftwood, watching the tide, Dick had gone away to relieve himself and then she saw it. So high in the nearly cloudless sky it seemed unreal. A fine, chalky line of fuel trailing behind it.
Dick ran onto the beach, trying to zip his fly. "Huh, what is it?"
She pointed to the sky where the tiny jet rumbled in the faint distance. "A plane. They can't be that far up there."
"Fifteen, maybe twenty thousand feet." Dick replied.
"Do you think, think they can see. . .?"
"Us? No."
"Why don't we set up a signal? Maybe they are a search plane? Maybe they are looking for us?"
"No," he replied quickly.
She watched the sleek plane slip across the sky as if it were on a sheet of ice. It flew almost as graceful, as liquid as the birds she'd seen on the island. It took a moment to swallow her astonishment and realize how strange Dick had reacted to the sight above.
"What's wrong with you? No? No what? The signal? No, to them coming back?"
"Yeah," he answered flatly and turned for the ravine. "I'm going back to the cave."
 "Hey, what's wrong with you?" she raised her voice, pointing at the plane. He was at the edge of the ravine. "DON'T YOU WANT TO GET OFF THE ISLAND?"
He kept walking until he was not there at all.
She turned and looked back up at the jet. What was his problem? He'd been on the island for eleven years and had never seen a boat or a plane and now she spots a plane and he seems disinterested? Was he crazy? Had he been chewing coca leaves? Smoking something funny in his special clearing?
She looked up at the jet and waved her arms frantically. "HELP ME. HELLLLLLLP MEEEEEEEEE. HELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLP MEEEEEEEEEEFEEE!" She kept yelling until her vocal chords were thrashed. She knew it was a foolish, futile thing to do, but it made her feel good, it raised dormant hopes that someone might be looking for her, Jessica Stanton, wife of multi-millionaire Edward Stanton. That somebody had faith she had survived.
She tried running back and forth, frantically waving her arms. Screaming, pleading and praying.
The plane moved away, ignoring her.
How could she blame them? The plane to her looked tiny. Did she expect them to swerve out of the sky, swoop down and snatch her off the island? Of course she did.
Then it happened.
A dark blur ejected from the plane and slowly began to drift down toward the island.
Jessica stopped moving, staring. "What. . .the?"
The blur slowly transformed into a parachute. Funny, though, because she'd always thought parachutes were attached to people, and the thing at the bottom of the web-like chute was no person. As it drifted closer. . .closer. . .
A green box?
"What. . .the. . .?"
After a brief spell of confusion, it all became clear.
The plane was dropping the green box for the island! Jessica may have been a little naive sometimes but she knew damn well planes didn't parachute green boxes out of the sky to "freakishly unknown" islands. The island was not unknown. Someone, somewhere knew about the island.
The tell-tale green box drifted closer. Two thousand feet and growing larger. . .larger. . .
Dick had not been truthful with her.
She had suspected he'd fudged the truth somewhat, exaggerated like most men did, but not anything significant. This was blatant proof he'd lied to her. But why?
Drifting closer. Growing larger.
Only one terrifying question choked Jessica's mind: what was going on? Everything Dick had told her—especially his so-called fishing shipwreck—became suspicious. Now she didn't know what to believe from him.
Dick's closet full of lies raced through her brain, fooling with her concentration on the green box's destination. She saw where it was going to fall and sucked in her breath.
No, it can't be.
She closed her eyes, clenched her fists, feeling the anger rise in the pit of her stomach. Her first sight had been unbelievable and shocking but the second was worse. She opened her eyes and confirmed. She saw the target destination for the green box.
The east side of the island.


CHAPTER 8

She ran as if tiny jet-thrusters were attached to her ankles, twisting and turning through the ravine, darting toward the cave. It was a mile from the beach to the cave and she covered the distance quickly. A month ago she would never have imagined traversing the ravine like a born native, but she didn't stop to appreciate her improving skill. She had worries and fears that would only be calmed by learning the truth Dick had kept from her about the island.
She reached the cave, heart pounding like its rhythm during the bee incident. She shot up the small dirt incline and through the cave mouth. There he sat, sitting on the rock. Staring at the wall and whittling.
She moved inside and stood in front of him, breathing hard and ragged.
"What's wrong with you?"
He didn't stare at her, didn't answer and continued whittling.
"Dick? Please talk to me. What's going on here? Who knows about this place? What is going on here? Why have you been lying to me? Talk to me!"
He raised a hand to slap her, but stopped, "Shut up."
She stepped away, mouth agape. The cave wall stopped her, made her a prisoner to Dick's sudden hot-temper.
"Just shut up," he said. "Don't act like a fucking woman."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"Every woman has this maddening rant and rave mode. Just calm down."
"Calm down? I deserve to know the truth," she said with flushed cheeks. "Why have you deceived me?"
He motioned her to sit down with his pocket knife. 
"No thanks, I'll stand.'" Her tone full-on pissed off.
"Now I know how you got all these things."
"What things?"
"If you had been shipwrecked like me you would not have had time to grab anything. But somehow you've got plenty of matches and string. And I think you have other stuff, things I haven't seen. You've been lying to me all along, and now I want—no I demand—to hear the truth."
"The day I let a woman demand anything of me I'll chop off my dick."
"Go right ahead, you have the knife in your hands," she snarled.
He jumped to his feet, a dark, dangerous look filling his eyes. Uh oh, too far. She was blocked by the cave wall, unable to move away from him.
He reached out and grabbed her shoulder with his soiled left hand. He balled up a fist.
Oh shit, here it comes.
Dick drew his arm back, filled his muscles with enough adrenaline to execute a bone-crunching blow. His facial muscles went rigid. His eyes were stone.
He brought his fist forward.
NO!
She froze. Closed her eyes.
And at the last millisecond before impact with her jaw, Dick pulled his punch and opened his hand. He was very strong and could have given her a shiner but didn't. Last second guilt?
His slap-punch still hurt. Her jaw stung, numbed like shots by her anesthetic-happy dentist. In the darkness of her closed eyes, she saw bright fireworks. It was supposed to be a wonderful first kiss, not an anger and abuse that caused this effect.
He let go of her shoulder. Her hands went directly to her throbbing jaw.
He grunted, spat and exited the cave. The sound of his ragged tennis shoes tearing through the dirt on the beaten trail, and then the ravine echoed in her ears.
He was gone.
She sank to her knees, crying into both hands.
She couldn't get up for a long time. She stayed on the ground, dwelling on his angry punch-slap. She never once thought Dick would hit her and she couldn't understand why he would lie about the island.
Now she wasn't sure of anything.
The tears kept coming. When would she know what was happening?
The ocean had swallowed the life she knew and led, dropped her off for an eternal stay on this hateful island. An evil Johnny Olson, in hell's version of The Price Is Right, would have gleefully announced: "And you, Jessica Stanton, have won a grand and disturbing trip to an island with surprises at every turn! Yes, you will spend an endless vacation with a lifetime supply of flesh-craving insects and delicious, unreachable coconuts. And our Price Is Right special bonus is offering you all the fish you can eat. Forever!"
More tears.
More.
When she finally stopped crying, night had fallen and Dick had still not returned.
Alone. Frightened. She wondered if he ever would come back.
She waited.
And waited.


PART 2
SECRETS


CHAPTER 9

The butterfly danced and landed on the plant near Kyle Roberts and a smile crept across his lips. Beyond the trees the morning ocean tide rolled in.
Behind him, Seth Everson repeated what he'd seen but Kyle had zoned out. He focused on the butterfly.
The butterfly danced.

* * *

The year was 1958.
His earliest and fondest childhood memory involved butterflies.
In middle school he would always try to get seats close to the window so he could stare out and watch what happened outside the window. Despite the distraction, his grades never suffered. He was an exemplary student who rarely received less than an A grades. In fact, the only negative marks received in his life came in human form.
Not boys so much, although they would tease him quietly behind his back. Those that did it to his face would end up in fights. Kyle was a strong boy and a good natural fighter. 
He had a leader personality among boys and would be first to raise his hand to lead any group in school and extracurricular activities which made him semi-popular. But his personality was abrasive and led other kids to follow him more out of fear than respect.
Girls deemed him good looking but dark and brooding. They didn't like the glassy look in his eyes or the way he would stare through them. Kyle didn't understand or care that much about girls. They smelled and looked nice but they would deceive him with their external beauty. When he stared through girls, he examined the ugliness inside. 
This might have had something to do with his feelings about his own mother a prison psychiatrist would say much later in life, but all Kyle knew about the woman at the time was abandonment. Women could cast off their young, it didn't seem right. She and possibly his father had both left him. He wanted to blame his mother but he didn't know her, so he blamed her entire sex. His father he gave a bit of a pass because there was a possibility his father didn't even know about him.
Butterflies.
But butterflies were beautiful all around. They danced on the air and in Kyle's dreams. Butterflies had definition and purpose. The more he learned about butterflies the more they fascinated him.
Various foster homes he was in would force him to go to church and listen to preachers. He studied religion but found it difficult bearing his life to date having faith in God. He wanted to believe in something, so he tried.
He believed in butterflies.
He would never forget the day he captured his first butterfly. That changed everything. Imprisoned in the net, fluttering, Kyle trembled.
"I didn't mean to," he told the butterfly and in the process of trying to free it somehow he had injured the beautiful creature. 
What have I done? Why did I hurt you?
He watched the helpless butterfly. He looked around and tried to stop others passing by at the park. "Mister, can you please help? M'aam? Mister? Sir? M'aam? Please, please I need help. Please!"
Some would stop and pat him on the head or pass him quirky smiles but nobody helped him.
He cried his way back home, the butterfly still stuck in the net. It died before he made it back. He showed his foster mother, Angela, a big, black lady with a huge heart, what he'd done.
"It's ok. You didn't mean to hurt, Kyle."
"I tried to get help but nobody. . ." Kyle pointed at the butterfly in the net. He had wanted to touch and appreciate the beauty in close range but what he touched had died. 
He cried while Angela held him, rocking him back and forth. He vowed never again to hurt another butterfly.
This would be the only living creature he'd grant this promise.

* * *

Back to 1993 on the island and Seth Everson kept calling his name.
"Dammit, I heard you the first time," Kyle replied and then yelled for his friend, Bobby. 
Bobby was never that far from Kyle Roberts. "Yes?"
"Go investigate what Seth keeps saying he saw. You know him and his crazy eyes. You'd think we were in the desert."
Bobby made a move toward the direction of the butterfly and Kyle raised his knife. "No. The other way."
After Bobby exited, Kyle closed his eyes and voyaged back to his childhood.
"Butterflies," he whispered. "Butterflies."

* * *

1960.
As Kyle grew older and with butterflies off limits he began to collect dozens of other insects. He became consumed with studying the different types at the public and school libraries. How to properly mount, store and preserve each specimen. His fascination with the hobby grew.
He started to enjoy the killing part best. His experience with the butterfly was a lesson in how not to kill what you loved but he had no emotion for other insects and bugs.  He would even kill butterflies in other stages as caterpillars. Ok to kill as long as they hadn't morphed into a butterfly. Once they had made that transformation they wouldn't be harmed.
He stuck the specimens alive and watched them cringe until they went still. He found a curious urge developing inside him watching the creatures dying impaled. 
It seemed somehow analogous to his own life to date. He was impaled in each foster home, forced to stay where the state dictated he stay, forced to do what they ordered done. They watched him cringe at first and then be still when he got used to the new home. 
The only freedom he had was when he collected and mounted specimens. When he chose what creatures to become part of his collection he became the state.
He never knew his biological mother or father and it wasn't until Angela took him in at foster home number four that he found any kind of parental-like figure in his life. The first few years with Angela were great except for one thing: 
Charles.
Charles was Angela's tough, ruddy husband. Charles took an early disliking to Kyle and would punish him more than their other children. If Kyle forgot to do a chore or was slow in getting one done, Charles would be there with his large, dirty-nail mechanic hands. 
Kyle was never abused physically or sexually. That kind of abuse left questions that the state would demand answers. Charles was too slippery to leave that kind of trail. Charles dealt his abuse psychologically.
If Charles knew Kyle enjoyed something, sooner or later, he would take it away. Favorite books, music, radio programs all became acceptable punishment lessons from Charles. Kyle might have learned something positive if Charles gave the items back but that rarely happened.
It's almost like Charles enjoyed taking the items away with little promise of return. Whatever Kyle loved, stayed out of reach. Like the girls he thought he might like at school.
And the butterfly's safety that Kyle had violated.

* * *

1963. 
The worst ever incident happened the Thanksgiving after Kyle's sixteenth birthday.  By then Kyle had become the oldest foster child and Charles had been riding him even worse. 
It was the same year that guy Oswald shot President Kennedy from the book depository. That's all anybody wanted to talk about: The President was shot, The President was shot. Kyle was out collecting the day it happened and heard about it on every radio and from his foster family at home.  He was more interested in Thanksgiving than who shot the President of the United States.
The timing was ironic though because it was the first time Kyle thought about killing another human being. It was a fleeting, odd thought. He pondered why somebody would kill another person. No, I wouldn't do that. Kyle shook the thought off again. The thought soon crept into his nightmares.
But here this Oswald guy killed the President. Oswald claimed he was innocent in an interview on TV. Maybe that's how killing other people works, Kyle thought.  Blame the grassy knoll.
"Kyle, dear, can you get the turkey out of the oven?" Angela asked.
"Sure," Kyle went to the oven, donning the oversized cloth gloves. He opened the door with heat rushing out at his face. Sliding the metal rack toward him he started to grab both edges of the pan and locked eyes with the turkey.
The head was gone and it seemed to be there staring headless back at him, blaming him for its condition. Charles had taken Kyle hunting and they'd caught the turkey together. It was one of the few fond fatherly-like memories Kyle had of the two of them. 
A turkey shoot, Charles had said too many times. Charles was fond of clichés. He was the master of C words: clichés, cruelty, crime.
Yes, in the future, a mere two years after Kyle went to college, Charles would be sent to prison for chopping up cars. Another C word. Chop, chop.
Back to the headless turkey that Kyle saw in its death throes. Running around with blood squirting from its head and now roasting in the oven at their foster home. 
We'll be eating you soon. Kyle licked his lips.
He pulled it out of the oven and his grip loosened. Some scalding juice came out of the pan and burned his flesh. "OW!" He lost control of the pan. The turkey and pan went flying on the floor.
"Kyle, are you ok?" Angela reached for Kyle's hand. 
"Um, I think—yes, I'm ok. I'm sorry, Angela." He had wanted to call Angela mom for some time, being that she was the closest thing he'd ever known to a mom, but couldn't screw up the courage. He was scared of getting that close to anybody. Even though he would never be closer to another mother-like figure than Angela.
The garage door slammed shut and big steps stomped toward the kitchen. Charles had come home from work. He worked every holiday including Thanksgiving and Christmas. The look in Charles eyes seeing the bird on the dirty floor cut through Kyle like diamond.
"Is this your work, boy?"
"It was an accident, Charles, he—" Angela started and Charles stuck his big white palm in the air.
"There are no accidents with Kyle. Haven't you learned that, woman?" He stood, glaring at Kyle.
"It really was an accident, sir, I—"
"Shut it, boy. I come home hungry for a dinner. What are we going to eat now?"
Angela had started to pick up the turkey when Charles started stomping it with his foot. Turkey pieces flew every direction.
"Dog food now."
"I didn't mean—" Kyle raised his hands in a pleading motion.
"Don't." Charles shook his dirty mechanic nail finger at Kyle and then headed out of the room wiping the crushed turkey off his work boot with a towel he'd snatched off the counter. "Help me build a fire, boy."
Kyle knew better not to say anything more. He followed Charles to the fireplace.
"We need some kindling to get this fire going strong. Bring some to me."
Kyle knew what Charles wanted from him and he started shaking his head. Not his collections. No. Anything but them.
"If you don't get them, I will."
They stared at each other with Kyle's heart pounding. Charles sighed and pushed past Kyle, storming toward his room.
"Please, not them."
Charles had always left his collections alone but the threat was there.
"You spend way too much time with childish garbage," Charles told him as he went into the room and took down three of his wood collections, one of them being the butterfly.
Kyle rushed Charles from behind and knocked the mounting boxes out of his hands. He reached for the butterfly one and held it against his chest. Charles could burn the other ones and he'd miss the hard work he put into them, but if something happened to the butterfly? Unspeakable.
He would do anything to protect the butterfly.
"A little vinegar today, huh boy? Good." Charles chuckled, taking the other two and ripping down four more wooden mats. He moved back into the other room and broke the collections into pieces and shoved them into the fireplace.
"Charles," Angela said, muffled in the other room. Tears started to form in Kyle's eyes, he clutched the mount with the butterfly.
"The boy is almost a man now, Angela. He can drive a car and soon he'll be out there on his own. He doesn't need to play with these any more. It's time for him to grow up and get a job to pay for things like that turkey he threw on the floor."
"You stubborn fool, it was an accident. Kyle didn't do that on purpose."
"He's sixteen now. Time to stop playing with bugs. This is a lesson."
"This is no way to teach him anything."
"You're too damn soft."
The sound of the flames cracking through wood.
"Loving a stubborn fool like you, I guess so! Now don't you ever take his property again or I'll kick your big white butt out of this house for good. I mean it, Charles Andrew Smith."
All three names. You knew Angela was serious when she rolled out all three names.
A smile crept across Kyle's face. This was the first time Angela ever stuck up for him in over five years together. His butterfly collection would be safe.
Angela, however, would not be. She would be dead before Christmas. 

* * *

Heart attack out of nowhere and with Angela's weight she just collapsed and succumbed. Charles first act with Angela gone was to send Kyle away. 
"It's not just you, boy," Charles said, trying to explain his newest string of C's: callous castaway. "The foster home is over." Charles wasn't lying, he sent all three foster kids back to the state saying he couldn't carry on without Angela. Charles wouldn't have been able to do it alone, but he had Kyle.
"I could stay here and help you, Charles."
"Yeah, sure." Charles laughed. "You know you kids were never mine. And you wouldn't want a crusty guy like me watching over you anyway."
C is for Crusty, indeed.
Kyle shook Charles' dirty mechanic nails hand. To Kyle's surprise, Charles pulled him into a rare hug. He'd been ten or eleven years old the last time Charles had hugged him like this. "You take care of yourself, boy."
A long, awkward silence before Charles added: "And don't you turn out like. . .me."
Charles sulked away into the distance. Kyle didn't expect to ever see him again. 

* * *

Kyle opened his eyes and it was present day again. Much older now but the past still clung to him. The butterfly fluttered away and Kyle waved goodbye.
Seth said he'd seen a woman on the island. Bobby would find out if Seth was seeing things again. Kyle hoped this time Seth wasn't delusional because a lot of fun could be had with a woman on the island. 


CHAPTER 10

The young ensign with bleach-white hair, that earlier bragged of how strong his seaworthy stomach was, violently upchucked over the right bow. He wasn't the first, though. Six Coast Guard men and three other Navy ensigns puked too.   
"Jesus, Admiral," a veteran Navy Captain named Wick Eckers said. He had seen some ghastly sights in 'Nam: rat-chewed bodies, bullet-riddled and rotted flesh, brain-blown corpses and worse. But he hadn't seen anything as disturbing and grotesque as the things ten feet away.
Admiral Bodecker tugged his beard, a nervous habit which had accompanied him most of his adult life. In his many Navy years, he'd rarely seen the ocean display such gruesome power. There were three limbless torsos brought in by the Coast Guard with seaweed wrapped like tinsel around the flabby, useless flesh where the head, arms and legs should have been. The bodies were all drained white and well rotted. The sight was terrible, but it was the horrendous smell that had been the coup de grace for the pukers. 
Ocean rot, ocean decay; the overwhelming smell of salt and mutilated flesh. Strange how these bodies had shown up from nowhere, retched from the largest cemetery on earth. He wondered how they came up?
"Ensign?" He touched the young blonde man on the shoulder, "Go below deck. Take the day off."
"Yes, Admiral." His face was as green as the seaweed on the torsos. He slid past the admiral and disappeared below.
A strong wind came, rocked the boat like a seesaw, upppppppp. . ..dooooooowwwwwnnn. Watching the wind blow the dangling seaweed made Bodecker shudder. It was an eerie sight, indeed. The Navy was good to him the last nineteen years. He supposed without the ocean, despite the grisly sight before him, he'd still be boozing it up and chasing different women ashore every night.
The Coast Guard captain, Roe Simon, climbed up the small steps to face Admiral Bodecker. He was a short, middle-aged man wearing an oversized white hat in vain hopes of concealing his eraser head.
"We found something else."
"Another body?" Admiral Bodecker replied.
"No. No, this." The man held up a waterlogged sign that Bodecker had not seen him holding before.
LADY STA. The name of the same boat which belonged to the ripped-apart bodies? Did the ocean think man was too dumb to figure anything out? Or was it just a strange coincidence?
More eeriness filled the salty ocean air.
"You see how the edge of the sign is broken off?" Captain Simon pointed„ "I think it's missing the last four letters. About a month ago, during that bad storm, our records reported a yacht disappeared somewhere in the vicinity of where we found the bodies and this. The name of the yacht that went down was LADY STANTON."
"The ship with that rich mogul?"
"Edward Stanton, yes."
"Isn't he one of the wealthiest people in the world. Forbes list, all that Wall street stuff? Made some computer chips or something?"
"He is—was. One of those. . ..bodies. . . could be Edward Stanton."
"Lord of mercy, Jesus." Admiral Bodecker shook his head. It was becoming a task to lay eyes upon the chewed-up corpses. He quickly ordered them covered and taken away.
"How many people were on her when she went down?" Bodecker asked.
"Eight were reported missing. Five males, caucasians, middle-thirties to forties. Three women including Stanton's wife."
Admiral Bodecker watched the ensigns cover the hideous torsos with a heavy white tarp. He motioned the Coast Guard official to the bridge.
"Come, please. We must speak privately."
They left quickly. The ocean grabbed the gigantic Navy ship in its steel fist and cradled it like a toy.

* * *

Admiral Bodecker led the Coast Guard captain to his well-kept, neatly organized office on the bridge. On Bodecker's desk was a detailed map of the Pacific, showing everything from ocean depths to latitudes and longitudes. He took a compass from his pencil and pen holder, an IN GOD WE TRUST coffee mug, and handed it to Captain Simon.
The Coast Guard man took it and pinpointed where they'd found the torsos and the sign. He grabbed a sharp pencil and drew an X at the latitude and longitude coordinates.
"The sign and bodies came up here, roughly four-hundred miles north/northwest of the Hawaiian islands.
"There was never an S.O.S or any cry for help from the LADY STANTON. Dead radio silence. It's damned peculiar that these bodies turned up at all. Christ, it's been over a month."
"I was thinking the same thing myself. Give me your best assessment of what happened."
Simon nodded. "Stanton and his friends were headed for the Hawaiian islands. Their vessel was competent for the journey, that's not the problem. The storm came and they were too busy partying to get the hell out. To be blunt sir: they fucked up, and it cost them their lives."
"Yes, but according to where you found the boat insignia and the bodies, that's four hundred miles off course. How could anyone get that far off course?"
"Drugs? The rich ones like to party hard, you know."
"Hmm."
"Unless," added Captain Simon, "the ocean dragged those bodies—and the sign—four hundred miles."
Actually, Admiral Bodecker had two nervous vices: beard-pulling and pacing. He did both without thinking. There was something disturbing about the LADY STANTON sinking and a month later spitting up three bodies.
"Survivors?"
"Impossible. No one. Nobody could have lived through that."
"But what if they went down close to here," Bodecker put his finger on -156 degrees longitude, 29 degrees longitude.
"That would make them several hundred miles off course."
"It's possible?"
"Yeah, with a dumbass at the helm and a shithead for a navigator."
This time it was Bodecker who said, "drugs?"
"I. . .don't know. Pretty sketchy. They're all dead and that's how I intend to put it in my report." 
"No. I'm afraid not." Bodecker shook his head.
"What? I have to file a report."
"No Captain, not if I say you can't."
"And why would you do that?"
"Because if they did go down here." he tapped the spot on the map, "they're close to this island."
"Yes, but that island? Government-owned land, right?" 
"Yes, and what if the LADY STANTON went down and there was a survivor who made it to the island somehow?"
"It would be a governmental matter."
"That's why you aren't going to write anything in your report."
Simon knew it was an order not to be disobeyed.
"Then how can I file a report if I can't put anything in it?"
"I'm afraid that's not my problem. Uncle Sam wants it that way, you know."
"Well, sir, if you don't mind me saying: it's a crock of shit. Nobody survived. Nobody. And even if they did, the storm would have ripped them up so badly they'd never have recovered on their own."
Bodecker said, "That will be all, Captain Simon. The Navy will take it from here."
Simon started for the door, grumbling, "Yeah, yeah I bet they will."
"Not a word of this to anybody, Simon. Keep the lid tight, understand?"
When the door slammed shut, Bodecker looked back down at where his finger was still pointing. Government land was all even he was told. Well, now with possible civilian(s) shipwrecking they would have to tell him more about what was going on there. If there was one or more survivors on the island, Bodecker could order one or more ships in his fleet to travel there in no time. They would have to brief him on this small mysterious island in the Pacific.
He left his office to get permission from the higher echelons to search the island for any survivors of the downed LADY STANTON. Surely they would give him clearance.
Bodecker should have known better.


CHAPTER 11

Jessica had a vivid dream about someone she knew, but when she awoke she couldn't remember who it was. She didn't wake with a start. She sensed danger from the person in her dream.
A sheen of sweat covered her body. Her favorite Friday night red blouse was glued to her skin. Examining it's ragged condition, she couldn't describe it as her favorite anything any more.
It reminded her too much of the island. Dick. Lies. Every aggravating, yet always humorous, episode of Gilligan's island. How could they screw up getting rescued so many times?
She realized she was still alone. Had been all night. How had she fallen asleep? She had laid there depressed and in pain.
She felt it all over, a bad bout of menstrual cramps coupled with an aching jaw.
Why did he hit me?
Sunlight shone brightly through the cave entrance and warm sea-wind rushed in.
She slid across the dirt and took the knife that Dick had thrown down last night. Holding his pocket knife made her feel both relieved and worried. She felt safe holding a weapon, yet worried about the possibility of having to use it. What if Dick had not lied about the "night creatures" and they decided to become day creatures?
Why did he hit me?
She closed her eyes, frightened and hurt by memories of Dick. She was at risk of starving without him. She had tree-branch fishing poles and plenty of worms for bait but she didn't have the knack. She could quiet even the most rambunctious child—a feat most men would cower at mere contemplation—but she had no talent for catching her most abhorred food. Stinking, smelly, salty, fish. And the coconuts, she couldn't kid herself into thinking there was an icecube's chance in hell climbing fifty feet. She wasn't a monkey.
Berries. That left the berries. She would live strictly off berries—a berritarian! Hell, she could probably even prune that nagging twenty pounds.
Face it, Jessica, you're screwed.
She climbed to her feet, her weak bones barely holding her. Firecracker snaps told her that even her skeleton felt drained. Which did she have worse: emotional or physical damage?
Why did he hit me?
 She limped across the dirt floor, more bone-snapping, until she made it to the entrance. She stopped and stared out into the bright ravine, almost expecting a grief-laden Dick—he had pulled the punch—to be there.
He wasn't.
Maybe he's on the spying trip again, waiting to surprise me? She searched the dense ravine with hopeful eyes.
He wasn't. 
There wasn't even a strong wind to play tricks with her mind like it had before. There was emptiness and nothing else.
She looked down at Dick's pocket knife. She clutched it, making white knuckles. What if she had to defend herself with it, could she do it? Yes. Could she stick another human being—even Dick—if there was no other alternative?
Was Dick a foe or a friend?
Why did he hit me?
She left the cave, went to the bathroom and peed dark red blood.
On the way out, she tripped over it.
She thought at first it was either a small rock jutting out of the ground, or a cluster of tenuous vines. There were lots of those little pitfalls on the island, but the thing she felt touching her bare foot was not as hard as a rock, nor was it grassy, nor thin, nor flimsy like any vine she had touched on the island. It was soft and flesh-like.
Repulsed, she snuck a peek. At first she saw nothing.
Then she saw a rotted, severed hand with all of the skin savagely peeled, chewed, or ripped off. On the ring finger, only a few grossly-decayed scraps of yellow-brown meat remained, and they were being swiftly stolen or devoured by hundreds of tiny black bugs. A unique gold wedding ring lay innocently amidst the feverish feast, several tiny bugs popped out—
(Look, Ma. No hands!)
—between the ring and the digit's gnaw covered bone. She could not suppress her first scream. Or the dozen that followed.
Jumping to her feet, she scrambled away. As she ran, she kept brushing herself off, as if the tiny black bugs had found their way to her skin. She had to get away. Far away. She had to get off this crazy island. She maneuvered past, through, and around plants, vines, and trees; all flying at her as hazy shapes. Every angle, every level. She dodged. Turned. Circled. All her maneuvers were executed without stopping.
When at last she could stop—a good half-mile away from the cave—she broke down on her knees and the tears rained down her face.
She had recognized that unique gold wedding ring. She knew the owner, in fact.
Edward.

* * *

While her eyes were closed she imagined her body had been invaded by tiny black bugs. Her brain throbbed with a thick black constantly-moving layer of insects, the bugs spiraling to the center intent on ravishing her thalamus. The hard lump in her throat was an unsteady bug baseball; hundreds of tiny, tightly-packed bugs in a perfect, writhing circular shape. And her heart, oh God the heart! Black bugs moved about the ventricle walls like grade school children on a Jungle Gym, each beat of her heart weighted by hundreds of squirming black bugs.
She opened her eyes and screamed again.
The wind rustled the trees, drowning her screech.
She saw jeweler Nile Waters (who should have been named Jerkwaters), one of the many unscrupulous friends of Edward's, ass-kissing: "You know quality when you see it, right? Why fuck around? You, a man of immense power and standing, don't need the local Joe Blow's ring, you need originality! You have a reputation to uphold, Ed, you need to wear only the best in fine jewelry! So, let me have a one-of-a-kind ring made especially for you. Expensive? Well..".
With an empty, hungry stomach Jessica was violently sick. She puked until it was not just dry heave, but blood.
And then she closed her eyes again.
And through blackness her imagination assaulted her, showing a bloody pile of her own vomit crawling with tiny black bugs.
She staggered away, shaking her throbbing head, holding her aching stomach and Dick's pocket knife, trying to shake her disgust and horror.
Before she lost her mind.

* * *

She wandered aimlessly for thirty minutes remembering good times spent with Edward. She loved seeing movies with him and he made excellent choices: romance, comedy, adventure. He was the sweetest man when it came to making love, always willing, gentle, and totally in control of her mind and body. He could touch her with almost anything and make her shiver in ecstasy. In many respects a wonderful husband.
But what had he become? Where was the rest of him? Was only part of his body maimed? Or was the rest of him bug-infested?
And how had his hand gotten there?
Though she had no watch, she would have guessed by the sun's downward position in the sky it was around four o'clock. Night was coming.
And she was still alone.
Even though she had no urge to eat, she decided to seek out some food. Maybe later she would forget about the bugs and feel hungry.
She hurried on her path to the berries. She was careful to heed Dick's early warnings—assuming they were not lies too—about staying on the west side of the island.
Something strange was happening on the east side of the island. Waiting, it seemed with terrifying patience, to reveal itself. Dick knew and seemed to want to secret her from what was happening over there.
But Dick was not the only one who knew what was over there. Whoever had dropped that green box knew too.
Who? Soviets? U.S Military? Jessica had been good in World Geography, one of her few classes (the teacher was good looking) but she didn't recall any tiny islands between Hawaii and San Francisco which fit this geography. She only knew that this island was a well-kept secret. She wasn't supposed to be here. She landed here by mistake and if she didn't find a way, some way off it she might wind up like Edward.
Or, heaven help her, worse.
She reached the special 75x75 clearing spot where Dick had brought her to pick berries. She could still see him holding the poisonous plant, telling her, "eat one of these and you probably won't be coming home for dinner."
Why did he hit me?
She unhinged his pocket knife with fingernails once beautiful and long but now ugly, broken and dirty. She cut one of the poisonous plants and dropped it to the dirt. She ground it with her foot.
For Edward.  Herself.
Edward, what did this to you?
A sinister thought crept across her brain. What if Dick put it there? A cruel, callous act. Could Dick have a cold, evil side? Why didn't he just break Edward's death to her in the beginning? It would have been so much easier. Instead, Dick was nice to her, making the situation almost bearable.
Guilt washed over Jessica. She didn't even go looking to see if Edward had washed ashore. She'd believed that she was the only survivor of the LADY STANTON. But maybe Edward had washed ashore on the east side of the island. Jessica had only thought of herself and how bad it was for her but not what might have happened to her husband.
She thought she would start crying for Edward, herself, maybe even Dick again until a voice stopped her like a concrete wall.
"Well I'll be GODdamned," the voice said.
The horror returned, swooped down and crawled like the tiny black bugs victimizing her flesh.
Because the voice was not Dick's.


CHAPTER 12

T.C. was her first thought, he looked exactly like T.C. from those old re-runs of Magnum P.I. He was very big, very strong-chested, and dark black. Only when the black man opened his mouth she realized it was not the warm-hearted T.C. For inside the huge black man's mouth, there was not a fine set of whites (like T.C.'s) no, there was decayed emptiness. Red gums with no teeth. The black man's bulging body was half-naked, only his penis covered by a bush. 
And the most frightening man she'd ever seen.
"You must be a mirror-ahge," the man chuckled, flexing his rippling muscles as he came toward her. "I ain't seen no mirror-ahge pussy for years."
"Stay away from me."
"Oh, and a spicy mirror-ahge at that." The man smiled with crazy eyes. Insane eyes. He flexed again. He held up a hand that could crush Jessica's face like a pop can.
"Just—just stay away from me."
He approached, beaming brighter.
She backed away. Into the poisonous plant.
"You mirror-aghe, you must be. I must touch you. The best looking mirror-ahge I ever seen."
He came closer.
She took one more step and fell into the plant, getting tangled. Cornered. Trapped. She put Dick's pocket knife out in front of her.
"Stop or I'll, I'll—"
"You'll what?" his eyes seemed to smile, blinking with a craziness all their own. This man was insane.
"Lay one hand on me and I'll cut you."
He reached.
She jabbed.
"Ow." he yelped, removing his slashed hand. Blood quickly oozed out of the nasty cut. Oozed off his hand and dripped on the dirt.
Drip. . .drip. . .drip.
"You a mean mirror-ahge." He reached behind and brandished a knife of his own. A sharp, shiny buck knife. "The last motherfucka who cut me, I bled the bastid. Bled the bastid real slow."
She threw Dick's knife at the man's face and shot to her feat. The pocket knife, result of a bad but lucky toss stuck into the black man's shoulder and he yelped in pain again. It gave her just the time needed to get untangled and move ahead a couple steps.
She ran and he pursued. 
"I get you, mirror-aghe. I get you!" 
There was so much rage and hate in the man's words that her heartbeat tripled.
Now she was being hunted.
"I get you!" the black man kept screaming. He was close, almost on her heels. She knew she could never outrun him. Chances were he knew the island, the surrounding landscape as good as, if not better than, Dick. She had to use her size disadvantage and crawl under places her attacker would have trouble navigating through as swiftly. On open ground she would be caught.
"SOMEBODY HELP ME!" Jessica screamed, ducking under a five-foot high branch and rolled into a waist high layer of thickets.
And kept rolling.
Rolling.
She was on a steep decline that fell roughly ten feet.
Something cracked in her legs. She feared it to be a broken bone but it was just the use of weary bones, a delayed skeletal-firecracker from earlier. Footsteps pounded through the ravine after her. Toward her. Closer. The black man was swearing, using vile, terrible, obscene words.
Dizzy, she climbed to her feet. The ravine spun, refused to clear, held her still.
Heavy footsteps pounded closer. Closer. He was saying he was going to skin her like his last victim, skin her down to the bone. No one slashed—
(Bobby?)
—and lived to tell about it.
Still dizzy, yet knowing that any second Bobby would be upon her, she dashed out, her hands thrust in front of her like insect feelers.
Bobby was right behind her.
She tripped. This time it was a rock jutting out of the ground, not Edward's hideous hand.
"I SEE YOU," The black man laughed. She struggled to get to her feet again. Her body, especially her muscles, couldn't get it together. Come on, body, move, this isn't break time!
The black man caught up with her.
She screamed.
He grabbed her violently. He could have snapped her arms and maybe that was one of his intentions. He thrust her to the ground and pressed the shiny buck knife to her to cheek. She eyed the fierce metal blade, terrified.
His blood trickled down his knife hand and landed on her shoulder and the ground.
Drip. . .drip. . .drip. . .
"You too good looking a bitch to let go." His voice was hot as molten lava, his grip like a bear trap. 
"Please. . .don't."
"See, I don't think you a mirror-ahge no more." His chipped, dirty fingernails bit into her wrist. "I bet you like it in the ass, huh?"
"Please leave me—"
He slapped her so hard her face went numb.
"SHUT YOU MOUTH."
Cold, heart stopping silence.
"What's your name?"
"J-J-Jessica."
"I'm Bobby." His eyes shone madly. He stuck the tip of the buck knife to her lips. "When I done fuckin' you with my cock, I'm gonna fuck you with this."
She shuddered. Closed her eyes.
"Gonna bleed your pretty ass."
He forced her eyes open, forced her to stare into the abyss. She could see flesh sizzling fires burning in the man's eyes. The light of a thousand ghoulish nightmares. This man's life was riddled with horrors, his soul long since tagged and condemned to eternal damnation.
He put his hand on her neck. Squeezed. "Make a move on me, and I bleed that pretty ass right now."
"I—I won't m—move."
 "No, no, you won't" He laughed, satisfied. "I'm alreadv creaming for you."
She winced in pain. He loosened his grip on her neck. She imagined the terror of being raped, every woman thought about this at one time or another, but her fantasies never started as bizarre as this reality.
Bobby set the buck knife above her head, out of her reach, untied his tribal-like underwear, and was naked. His purple crown was as large and rocky as his muscular body.
"No. . .please. . .don't."
"That's what I like hearing. Sound just like a pretty hoe!" Bobby giggled. He reached for her red blouse, pulled it up. Pulled down her strawberry-colored panties.
"No, PLEASE NO!"
 He touched her vagina with cold, poking fingers. "You look sooo sweeeeet."
She felt the vomit building, the dry heave filled with blood and imaginary squirming black bugs.
With his hand cupped tightly around her throat, he opened his mouth, his tongue slithering across his lips. He took his hand with the slash and smeared some of his blood on her chest. He rubbed it in with sickened excitement.
He knelt very slowly between her legs, mouth wide and she screamed again.
He stopped and said: "Go on, pretty, scream away. No one fucking hears you scream here. NO ONE."
He started to kneel again, tongue flickering, cool hands holding her pinned. Then something went wrong.
His eyes bulged. His face turned to an expression of raw shock. His hands tensed and let go.
He fell over, dead. There was a sharpened tree-spear sticking out of the back of his skull. Blood and brain matter sprayed in a thin stream out of Bobby's skull. His eyes locked wide open, taking his death plunge with a memory of what he'd almost violated.

* * *

Jessica trembled. She touched her blouse with shaky fingers and covered herself. Staring at the blood spraying out of Bobby's skull, she remembered Dick's words.
A finely-honed tree branch can go through you like butter.
Dick had come back and was standing before her.
"Jessica?"
She stood, covered in Bobby's blood, confused and speechless.
 "Jessica, it's okay. I'm here."
He came out of the bushes with his hands held out.
And seeing his face, she remembered who the person was she had the bad dream about:
Him.


CHAPTER 13

"Before you say anything," Dick said, stopping at the corpse. He bent down, wrenched the bloody tree-spear from Bobby's head and tossed it into the bushes.
Jessica backed up, staring warily at her dead stalker. "S-stay away, Dick. . ."
"Let me explain."
"Go to hell." She inched back, stopping when she felt the chill of Bobby's buck knife kiss her back. If her lungs held any air and her voice box would have allowed it, she would have screamed again.
Dick rolled Bobby's body over so neither of them would have to view it. "I didn't want this to happen."
"Leave me alone, you son of a bitch." 
"Jessica, please."
"You hit me."
"I just saved your life."
"You hit me."
"I saved your life twice."
"You hit me."
"Jessica, I'm sorry."
"Apology not accepted, you bastard. What did you come back for, huh? To hit me again?"
Dick showed no indication of the rage he'd displayed the previous night. He did not move any closer, staying his ground, fully understanding that if he took a step, just one step, Jessica might flee.
"I can't take back what I did last night." Dick held both hands out. "I can't take back a thousand bad things I've done in my life."
"Why did you hit me, Dick? Why?"
"I fucked up. No excuses. I know it's not okay."
"No. No, it's not okay. Just when 1 started to trust you and then you pull that on me."
"You're right."
"You think that because I'm a woman you can take advantage of me any damn way you please?"
"Jessica?"
"What?"
"Do you think we can have this fight after we bury Bobby?"
"I'm not moving an inch in your direction. I don't want to come near you. Do you hear me. Dick? I. Hate. You."
Dick shook his head: "You don't mean that." 
Of course she didn't, but she wouldn't admit that right this moment.
"Leave me alone. You said that's what you were going to do last night. Just leave me alone."
"And let you get killed?"
Jessica couldn't answer that, she felt he might be right.
Dick knelt down. "I never wanted this to happen, do you understand? I never wanted you to see any of this. I only wanted to keep you safe. Now things are different. If I let you go now, you will be in danger."
Fear replaced Jessica's anger. Dick's statement suggested that there was worse than Bobby on the island. Maybe the wild animals Dick had claimed existed on the east side were other psychos like Bobby.
"No more BS, Dick, what is going on here?"
Dick stared at Bobby, then back. "We bury Bobby and then, then I promise to answer all your questions. Everything."
She wondered for a moment if he would. Dick's face looked more honest, more truthful than it ever had. After his deception could she believe anything he said?
"Jessica I know you have no reason to trust me after what I did last night. I made a terrible mistake."
"That's an understatement."
"It there's anything I could do to take it back, anything at all, I would. I never meant to hurt you."
"You have a funny way of showing it."
"I think. . .hope once I explain everything, you will understand why I wasn't totally honest from the start."
"That's a lousy excuse, Dick. I'm not going anywhere with you."
"We can't stand here and fight all day."
"Wanna bet?"
"Jessica, it will be dark soon and I've learned enough about you to know that you don't want to be out here at night. Especially sitting next to Bobby in. . .this condition. Come on."
"No, Dick, I'm not moving." She was lying. She would rather be back in the cave, not in the dark with a dead Bobby.
"Please?"
"Go to hell. You're a liar and woman beater."
"Just let me explain."
"You can explain right here, right now. Otherwise you can go to hell."
"What do you want to hear me say?"
"You hit me."
"Okay, okay, I hit you. But I can't take it back. Never. That and a lot of other messed up things in my life."
"Dick, I trusted you, I started to believe in you. . ." Tears began to well in her eyes.
He moved toward her.
"Stay back." She held up her hand.  He stopped.  "Just stay away from me. Please."
"Okay, I'll keep my distance. I don't want to hurt you anymore. Do you know what I did when I left you last night?"
"I don't care."
"I walked around the island all night. I told myself how stupid I was to do that to you. I don't know what made me do it. That's not me. I've never struck a woman before. Never. Total lapse of judgment. It's not how you, or any woman, should be treated."
"But it happened."
"Please accept my apology for now. Accept my word—I know you have absolutely no reason to—that I won't hurt you ever again. I've never felt—"
"Stop. Just knock it off. If you say anymore, I'll. . .lose it. I think I'm going crazy as it is. Last night you punch-slap me around, today I find your sick proof that you knew what happened to Edward, and then, then this maniac tries to rape me. Dick, please, if you want to do me a favor, if you want to help my sanity, tell me what's going on here?"
"What's this about your husband?" Dick asked, eyebrows raised and forehead creased.
"You set his hand out in front of the bathroom by the cave. There were these bugs everywhere, crawling. . ." She could hold back the tears any more. Weeping into her hands again. She wanted to fight, be stronger, but this island was breaking her. 
"Jessica, I swear to you, I didn't put Edward's hand anywhere. If I had found any proof he was dead, instead of only a strong suspicion, I would have told you."
"I came out from going the bathroom this morning and tripped over Edward's hand. But his hand, it was horrible. Bugs, bugs. . ."
"Jessica, I swear I had nothing to do with that."
She looked at him sharply.
"Really, I swear."
Long, awkward pause.
"Why do I believe you?" she said.
"Because I'm doing something new from now on: I'm telling only the truth."
"So if you didn't put his hand there, then who—" They both looked at Bobby and next in the east direction of the island. 
"This isn't good at all," Dick said in an ominous tone. "Not good."
"Start talking, Dick. You start talking to me right now."
He looked at her and saw something on his face that she never expected to see: fear.
Dick was frightened too.
"We have to bury Bobby. Then we'll go back to the cave and I'll tell you everything I know. The whole story."
"Promise?"
"Yes, I promise. Swear on my mother's good name, pinky swear, scout's honor. Whatever it takes for you to believe I'm playing it straight from now on."
"Okay, Dick. I'll go back. But the second we get there you will talk. You'll answer every question I have."
"I will."
"And when you're done answering all my questions. . .." She wasn't sure what would happen after that.
He nodded and reached for Bobby's ankles.
"And another thing," she said.
"What?"
"Bury him by yourself."

* * *

Dick dug Bobby's grave without saying another word. He found a spot about twenty feet outside the clearing. He dug the dirt mostly with his hands, but when he came to hard earth he used Bobby's buck knife to loosen the dirt. It took Dick a long time to make a hole big enough. He grabbed Bobby's ankles, dragged his heavy corpse into the small pit, then stopped and took a short break. Fine rivulets of sweat rolled down his pale cheeks.
"Wouldn't it be easier burying him in the clearing?" Jessica didn't get why Dick intentionally chose a spot outside the dirt in the clearing.
Dick kept working.  
"And why bother burying him, anyway?" Jessica said a bit later. The whole burial process unsettled her. A cruel thought considering she believed every human being deserved a preferred burial but she was more concerned about vacating the area as soon as possible.
"Shinin no waruguchi wa yokunai." Dick answered, wiping his brow.
"Huh?"
"A Japanese phrase, loosely interpreted to mean: 'speaking ill of the dead is not good.'"
After that, Jessica kept quiet.
He looked down into the pit one last time, shook his head, and started refilling the hole.
A few minutes later it was over.
Dick looked up. "Are you ready?"
Jessica nodded.
They went back to the cave.

* * *

He dragged another rock seat out of the corner of the cave and placed it directly across from his. He lit a small fire for light because the sun had fallen. She sat, still reluctant to be too near him. He sat down across from her.
"I have no idea where to start with telling you about this island, so I won't start with the island. I'll start with myself."
"As long as it's the truth." 
"It will be."
"Okay, let's hear it."
"My real name isn't Dick. Well, not really, anyway. It's just a nickname. Just like Bobby back there. . .his real name was Robert Morris. Does that name ring any bells?"
"Should it?"
"I'll get to Bobby a little later. Anyway, my real name is Richard Templin. I didn't lie about my age. I am twenty-nine but I feel about twice as old. And regrettably this island has made me look it."
No disagreement there.
"I was born in Seattle, Washington but raised in Medina, Washington. I grew up not too far from your home in Valford. We were dirt poor. Everything I ever got as a kid was either ripped off or left behind by someone else. Before turning sixteen I'd already done some time. Petty stuff. Theft, disorderly conduct, a few fights."
The fire crackled.
"I've always had a guilty face I think. When I turned seventeen I was at a big party that the cops raided. One of my buddies, stoned out of his skull, had a gun. He opened fire on the cops and five people ended up dying. Four cops and my buddy. I had my fingerprints all over the gun, stupid, I know, don't ask me why, I was pretty stoned myself. And when it was all over, the cops pinned the deaths on me. They rushed my case through the trial with a lousy court-appointed lawyer who didn't care. I was wrongly accused and sentenced. My face, that's what I've always thought. Do you think I have a guilty face, Jessica?"
"Yes." She did. She tried to imagine him more clean-cut, if his face hadn't been ravaged by time and the island then maybe he wouldn't have looked as criminal-like.
"Every time I looked in the mirror I knew I was cursed. If you have a guilty face, you might as well write your life off. They sentenced me to die by electrocution on October 17, 1982."
"Weren't you a little young?"
"No. There have been several cases of the death sentences imposed for crimes committed while the accused was under eighteen."
"Oh my," Jessica said.
"Yes. The justice system found my crime, aggravated by the death of policemen being involved and my prior rap sheet, added up to a death sentence. The worst part of the whole ordeal was I knew the cold day in October was coming. Their treatment was so wrong, so cruel those last sixty days on death row. Opposite of what you hear it's supposed to be like. Cop killers are cool in other convict's eyes but not to the guards. You wouldn't believe some of the shitty things the guards did to me. I was pissed on, called every dirty word imaginable, I was the 'next in line' everyone said. I started feeling sorry for the guy behind me."
Richard took a tree branch spear and stoked the fire.
"I had never been more terrified. Every day I'd	wake thinking that I'd be in the chair, hooked up, frying. I had nightmares, dozens of them. I told myself that I lived in the cruelest world there was. Even if I had killed those cops, I still felt capital punishment was wrong for my case. I don't know about other death row cases but I felt my case didn't deserve it."
"Doesn't everybody in prison say they're innocent?" Jessica asked.
"Most do, yes, and I'm sure most are full of it but we all know not everybody in prison did what the jury found them guilty of doing."
"Anyway, I read lots and lots of books on other death row convicts. People that were gassed, burned, hanged, shot, stoned. My fear grew day by day, hour by hour, until the day came. I went to the room with my nerves in tact but the second they strapped me in, well, I lost it. I knew, knew that it was my turn."
Jessica hadn't thought much about dying. She knew that the day would come but it all seemed far away and not something to fear or embrace yet. She spent more brainpower trying to decide what to do with her free time and what to do with Edward when he could squeeze in time for them to spend together. Dying was something she figured that she'd worry about when older or if she became diagnosed with a life threatening illness.
"So I do know how you felt back there when Bobby was chasing you. I know how it feels to have your life threatened."  
"But you're here now, so they didn't go through with the execution. . .?" Jessica said, puzzled.  
"No," he replied. "Just before they flipped the switch they stopped the process.  They told me that they had something, and this is a direct quote, 'something better' for me."
"Better?"
"Yes. I thought maybe it was some kind of experimental method of execution. It was five days later when they finally told me what their plans were."
"They changed your mind about your sentence?"
"No.  Oh, God no.  I told you, they had something 'better' planned for me."
"And what was that?"
He struggled to find the right words. It really bothered him.
"They sent me here."


CHAPTER 14

He had just begun his first term as President of the United States and there were already very few jobs he enjoyed. He liked living in the White House; it was not exactly how he'd imagined, but then again, what was? All the work on the campaign trail, his governor days were nothing compared to sitting in the oval office chair.
He liked the security the job provided. He liked the way he was treated; the utmost respect, honor, dignity.
He hated the way the newspapers twisted everything he said to fit their story. He hated the lies he sometimes had to tell. He hated the eyes that watched him, waited for him, the endless trivial things discussed in his private life (he wondered humorously when the following headline would hit the streets: NATION SHOCKED! PRESIDENT USING A SURPRISING AMOUNT OF TOILET PAPER!). He hated the cloud of guilt that hung above him like the dirt cloud always surrounding Charles Schultz's Pigpen.
But more than anything to date, he hated Project ADP1982.  
While still a governor he heard about a classified program, held in the highest confidence and being tested at the federal level, working with several pro death penalty state governments.  Even after gaining the proper clearance and reading the classified file he didn't know every player involved with ADP1982.
He began his political career a moral opponent of the death penalty and reluctant to carry out executions permitted in his state. Prosecutors pushed, prodded and poked until he signed a policy that set dates almost automatically for him. He set 70 people free, 38 whom were convicted of first degree murder. Then a Republican who labeled him soft on crime during the campaign trail, ran against and beat him. 
His soft days had ended. 
His revised platform included being an advocate of capital punishment and apologizing for freeing convicts in the past. His new criticism involved waffling on the issue. They always found a way to beat you down in politics. 
When he ran for President last year and won, beating his Republican opponent, his tougher stance on capital punishment helped. Very little difference on the issue could be argued between his position and his opponent.
"Mr. President?"
The President looked up from his desk in the oval office. The report sat on his desk, mocking like a clown's grin. He closed it with tired, arthritic hands.
"Mr. Secretary," the President said.
"You have read the report."
"Many times."
"And your evaluation?"
The President wondered for a moment how his predecessors handled ADP1982. How could they carry the burden of knowing about this experiment? How could they greet conversations when capital punishment arose and not think about ADP1982?
"I read the report."
"No new subjects introduced in the last five years."
"I said I read the report, Mr. Secretary." And he thought 'introduced" was a cold way to put it. Why not just state the truth: we haven't sent anyone to that island hell in the last five years.
"The state of California has tested this convict, Wally Adamson, and deems him not to be insane. The families of the victims have been pushing for execution. California feels that ADP1982 would be a more adequate solution for this disturbed criminal."
"Enough. I said I've read the report."
"Sorry, Mr. President. I just felt I should emphasize some of the more important aspects of the report."
"You have carried out that task quite well, thank you." the President said. He thought about apologizing for his short temper. "I have evaluated the situation." 
The word evaluation was a kind, discreet way of stating he'd made a decision.
The power. I have the power to send this man to a terrible place. As President and ruler of this great nation, I am also the executioner. I am playing God on earth, able to cast men to the unknown land beyond. Beyond rusty iron gates swimming in hungry flames. I have the power.
The power.
"Yes," The President said at last.
"Yes?"
"Yes, if the state of California feels this sentence is appropriate, I won't stand in the way of the process. However, I'm not happy with this decision or the project. Let it be known that I don't want any more candidates coming across my desk from any states as long as I'm in this office. This is the last one."
"Not happy, sir?"
There many things around the world that made him unhappy. Recently he'd ordered 23 cruise missiles to bomb Baghdad over an attempted assassination of the former President while visiting Kuwait. Three residential houses were struck and nine civilians killed. Operation Southern Watch left 12 wounded.
Casualties made him unhappy. Innocent people killed by the maniac, Wally 'Torque' Adamson, made him unhappy. The whole damn job at times—unhappy.
"I don't want to discuss this any further. What's the next item on today's agenda?"
The Secretary looked down at his array of multi-colored notes. After a brief moment he carried on.
The Secretary of Defense said: "Testing for the new Tomahawk missile. . ."


CHAPTER 15

"Beyond the death penalty?" Jessica said. "What does that mean?"
"I know it's hard to accept." Dick stood and started to pace. "When it comes to capital punishment the camps are strongly divided. Some are in favor and some passionately against. Then there are the extremist camps. A camp that believes it is wrong condemning any human being's life for any reason. And another camp that thinks that life in prison isn't enough punishment for the worst criminals." 
"And what about the death row convicts who either can't be locked away or the authorities don't want to be locked away in an asylum? The ones they know are crazy but can't prove it in court. What do they do with these evil convicts?"
Dick said the word 'evil' with very little emotion but Jessica had seen the look in Bobby's eyes.  Some human beings are evil. She'd seen the proof.
"One of these groups of people, or maybe a combination of several of them, I don't know, created this government experiment."
"In 1982 twenty-seven death row convicts were sent to this government owned, uninhabited island. The rumor is that the capital punishment states involved with the experiment were given a choice. Since cop-killing was considered a despicable crime in Washington State my name had risen to the top of that state's list of candidates for the program."
Jessica asked: "So there are twenty-seven people on the island?"
"No, not anymore. That's what we started with. Now our numbers have dwindled. I'm not sure exactly how many of us are left now."
Jessica thought of Bobby's recent demise and shuddered.
"Under the tightest security measures I've ever seen all twenty-seven of us were flown to a special government facility in Kentucky. There, we were briefly given lessons on parachuting and survival, because if we couldn't parachute out of the plane right, or not know how to live off the land then. . ."
"That type of execution is not what they wanted.  At that same well-guarded place, we were executed on paper." 
"On paper?" Jessica interrupted. 
"Yes, we all have death certificates. They showed me mine. Officially we're all dead here. They told all the computers and papers and had bogus witnesses sign affidavits. I doubt most of those people even read what they swore to have seen."
"They had this project so tightly sealed that there were maybe only a couple dozen people who knew we weren't executed. And of those people, only a handful—up to and including the President I've heard—knew we were coming here. There were technicians and teachers who knew about us, but only knew what they had to know, nothing more. Like I said, it was the most tightly secured operation I've ever seen. Imagined, even."
"But what about your families?"
Dick shook his head. "The convicts chosen for this experiment don't have families. At least family that cares what happened to us. Our families are distant memories. We were easily thrown away."
Jessica tried to imagine any human being ever being deemed 'easily thrown away' and the concept only saddened her.  She couldn't imagine being that dispassionate about another member of the human race to think that discarding them somewhere alive but dead to the rest of the world was any kind of good idea, much less a humane experiment.
When Jessica looked back up a minute later, Dick continued.
"After two very short weeks we were flown in groups of five to this island.  I'll always remember watching America slide away beneath me. It was then that I was executed, Jessica. You know, I was actually more scared about coming to this island than dying. Death would have been quick."
"The island looks very different from above. I can't get the unusual image out of my head. It looks like a. . .face. I know that sounds strange but it does."
"So we parachuted one-by-one when we reached the island. I don't think even one of us parachuted without two hands pushing us first. Everybody knew there was an island below, but nobody knew what the island was like. Fear of the unknown. That's the worst, I say, fear of the big question mark."
"Out of twenty-seven, only nineteen parachuted safely to the ground. Three men got their parachutes tied up in the trees and hung themselves. Three were too scared to pull the rip cord. Two just. . .never made it. We figured that maybe they landed in the ocean somewhere, panicked, and drowned. But nobody ever saw them again."
"So we started out as nineteen, eleven years ago. Oh, we were quite a bunch too. You would never have been able to believe that most weren't raving lunatics. To this day, I think I'm the only convict sent here who isn't insane—or hasn't been driven insane since arrival. My sanity test was extensive, and if I had acted like some of the others here I can't see how I would have ever made it. It's like I said before, they didn't want the people selected to come here being declared insane. Like part of the experiment was to send criminally insane away from psych wards and here instead."
"Maybe one of the convicts killed some politician's family member in some terrible way? Maybe that's how this got started," Jessica said.
"You might be on to something there," Dick replied. "Anyway, we were equipped at first with only what we had in our backpacks. Some of the men brought pictures of women in their lives. Some brought magazines to, um, jack off. Most brought personal mementos. But everybody brought knives. We were allowed to bring knives. I know, crazy, huh? We didn't get the knives until we were on the ground, of course, and by separate drop.  I'm sure they were concerned that we'd use the weapons to try and escape."
"After the first week we were down from nineteen to twelve. I often wonder if the government knew that this would happen to us. Back there, we were all robbed of dying at a date and time we knew was coming. And here we formed our own penal colony. One convict chewed off his fingers before finally slitting his wrists. Several tried to swim for it. But swim for what? We were all told that the closest island—our closest link to civilization—is over four hundred miles away. But several swam anyway. And they've never returned since."
"We were all equipped with enough food to last for the first month. They explained to us that a plane would come every six months or so to drop us 'necessities.' Water namely, since we can't drink the ocean water and, as you've already learned, there is limited fresh water supply on the island. We would have to learn to find our own food. They wouldn't guarantee to keep feeding us."
"So far the drops have provided things like matches and sometimes around holidays, we've thought, they will drop a pig or a cow. We need to dress it. They dropped an empty crate one time. Messing with our heads doesn't stop."
"So that's the plane you saw yesterday. The government's infrequent drop to their lab rats. I didn't want you to see it because I didn't want you to lose hope. It wasn't there to help us, only to do its job then forget it ever flew over this miserable place. That's the truth I kept from you."
"Do you get along with the others?" Jessica asked.  "How often do you see them?"
"I don't interact with them much. Shortly after we got here I laid claim to this side of the island. I put on a show that made the others think I was crazier than them. I searched around and preferred this side of the island. I made my home this cave and have done a little excavating over the years as it wasn't always this spacious. You've seen the traps I created for rain water and have stored in bottles and jugs which I can now share with you."
"Great, have been getting tired of coconut milk," Jessica replied. 
"As for how much I see the other convicts? They rarely come over to this side of the island. We try to leave each other alone. That's the way both sides want it. I knew that I could survive on my own without their help and the drops and have tried to forget that we share this island." 
"A few times over the years I've gone to their side of the island, more out of curiosity and loneliness than anything, to spy on what's new. It's always the same over there though."
"Every once in a while a newbie convict comes along and that's something new to talk about. How did this one get here? What did he do?  And so on. But there hasn't been one, as far as I know, for quite some time."
"How long?"
"If you remember I didn't know what year it was when you first arrived so this is just a guess: maybe five years? I'm pretty sure Bobby was the last newbie. I'm kind of in the dark because like I said, I rarely go over there. I stay over here and they stay over there. Bobby parachuted off course and landed on the southwest beach so I was the first to meet him. I led him over to the east side of the island and left him there."
"If they really don't like you, and they're as insane as you think, why haven't they tried to kill you?"
"Ah," he said and stopped pacing. He came back and sat down. "Good question, Jessica. They haven't tried to kill me because I haven't gotten in their way. And I told you once before that I was no dummy. I didn't intend to come here and die, I saw this island as a second chance at a life I would never have outside prison. 
"The other reason they haven't tried to kill me is because their leader hasn't ordered them to yet. Their leader has sent spies to this side of the island on occasion to keep tabs or maybe to see if I've finally gone and killed myself. Bobby might have been on one of those routine checks today, I don't know. But his spies don't usually engage me. They will come over, see what I'm doing and then head back over there." 
"Like I said, they leave me alone. They don't understand, with the exception of their leader, why I want to live outside their camp. My fear of them, in part, is what has kept me going. And their leader has known that and doesn't see me as a threat."
"Is their leader an original convict too?" Jessica asked.
"Yes, I think we're the only two originals left. The rest came after.  He makes sure they don't die, or do, if he dislikes them I guess. Many of those hopeless convicts would starve outside without his help. He is a skilled woodsman and is the only other person that knows this island at least as well as me, if not better."
They traded pensive gazes. Jessica was disturbed by what was happening here.
"That's it," he said. "That's the true story."
"Bobby," she said, "You were going to tell me about Bobby?"
"Oh yes. You see, I have never killed any of the spies sent over here. It may seem like I killed Bobby without any emotion but it was to protect you. Bobby was their leader's best friend. His favorite pet. When he realizes I killed Bobby. . ."
"But you did it to save me."
"That's why I'm concerned. In the eleven years I've been here there has never been a reason to come over and attack me, outside of their leader disliking me, maybe. But after today? Things are different now."
His eyes burned through her and she had to turn away.
"What does this all mean?" she asked.
"It's a matter of time before he finds out. Maybe he already knows about you. He might have been annoyed but still forgiven me for killing Bobby. But you? Just like when Bobby parachuted to the wrong place, I was under an obligation in their leader's mind to bring him to them. I did. Their leader feels like everything here is a possession. He is a god here. When he learns there's a woman on the island, he'll have every one of his psychos hunting us. They'll want you, he'll want you, Jessica. I can't let that happen."
"Do you think he knows about me?"
Dick stood up, grabbed Bobby's buck knife and tested the blade's sharpness.
"Hope not."
Dick said he wanted to go look at something outside and would be right back and left the cave. She sat near the fire and watched the burning branches. She tried to accept the story Dick had told her. She could be a deep thinking, feeling person. She had never weighed in on any deep political or religious issues. Capital punishment didn't directly impact her life, didn't alter her rich world. Heck, she wasn't registered to vote. She had no opinion on whether she was for or against capital punishment.
A strong gust of wind blew in as if to scold her for living so non-committal. 
She looked away from the fire and saw Dick standing still, watching her from the cave entrance.
"I checked the ground by Edward's hand for footsteps. Only yours were there."
"And that means?"
"I hope it means that—I don't know. Maybe birds carried his hand there?" But there was something wrong in Dick's voice that suggested he didn't believe that's what happened.
Dick walked across the cave and held out something. She took it, eyeing it by the firelight. Dick had cleaned away the nastiness before presented it to her. 
Edward's wedding ring. 
"Jessica, I hope you can understand now why I deceived you. I wanted to shelter the bad stuff on this island from you. I was hoping we could. . .get to know each other and I could break the truth about this place to you at some later date. Maybe in stages. You almost died on me and I didn't want you to run away and—"
"You should have been straight with me from the beginning." 
"I'm sorry. I said it before, I can't take anything back. Please believe me. All I can do is apologize and hope that you'll forgive me. I didn't know anything about Edward — and I had nothing to do with his hand—I swear."
She never once looked up at him. She stared only at Edward's unique gold wedding ring. Once again, she saw Nile Waters, the shifty jeweler, greasing her: "I'll tell you what, Mrs. Stanton, you don't want to wear just any ring, you have to have something to match your charming figure. Now, don't be fooled by the small dollar imitations. Let me have a one-of-a-kind ring made especially for you. Expensive? Well. . ."
Edward's ring wasn't unique, it was a dusty relic. The last single, solitary proof here that Jessica Stanton ever existed.
Out of love, not the rage and depression that poisoned the island, she threw the ring into the fire.


CHAPTER 16

They both awoke the next morning like the devil had pursued them in their dreams. Neither spoke about their nightmares. Dick went out, caught some fish and retrieved some coconuts. Jessica followed him everywhere.
They ate in silence. Jessica played with her food for quite some time before Dick said something. Then she grudgingly ate, but only a small amount.
After breakfast, Dick and she sat on their facing rock seats.
"Jessica, can I ask you something?" Dick said.
"Sure."
"You've been here well over a month and there's something that I can't figure out about you."
She looked at him, perplexed.
"You don't act like some rich, stuck up woman. I mean, don't be offended or anything, but you don't act like every wealthy person I've ever known. Don't you miss everything about your life?"
"I miss the things I did by myself. I had a life of free time. Edward was away on business a lot and when he was home he spent a lot of time working in his office. Sure, I miss the money, the cars, the glamour, but at some point you can have too much of that stuff. I think Edward liked that I didn't flinch over signing a pre-nuptial agreement. I don't miss most the people in that world. Too many self-consumed braggarts. I do miss my closet, my shoes, dammit."
They both chuckled.
"I think I'm beginning to understand you."
She smiled. "Maybe."
He started to smile and she caught a glimpse of his rotting black mouth. It ruined a good moment. He sensed her disgust and closed his mouth.
"I'm sorry I'm. . .not. . .not good to look at."
"I'm sure that you were a very handsome man at one time."
"I was," he said excitedly, "I never had any cavities. I never had an acne problem, I never had. . ." He shook his head, saddened.
Jessica was silent for a moment.
"Would you rather I call you Richard?"
"No one has called me Richard for a long time," he said with cloudy eyes. "I'd like that very much."
"Okay, Richard," she said.
"You know, that kind of has a ring to it, doesn't it?" 
"It does."
"Richard. . ..yeah, funny when you forget how your own name sounds."
Jessica giggled.
Richard started to chuckle too, until he heard something. They both heard it. They both looked at the cave entrance; their bright moment of happiness shattered.
A voice called for Richard by his last name.

* * *

"Templin. TEMPLIN. Get out here."
Richard stood up and took a deep breath. Jessica stared at him with wide, confused eyes.
"Don't move and don't make a sound," he whispered. "Maybe he doesn't know about you."
She would have felt better if either of them believed that.
He went to the cave entrance.
"What do you want?"  he replied.
"Richie, Richie, Richie, I knew you were in there," a cold, low voice replied.
"I said what the fuck do you want?"
"Hey, I come over to say hi, and this is my reception? Sounding out obscenities? I'm shocked. Richie."
"Seems like you are on the wrong side of the island," Richard said. "There's nothing over here for you."
"Ah, yes. That has been our little agreement. But Richie, please remember we had several agreements, didn't we?"
"What are you here for, Roberts?"
"Me and you, we go back. Being the only originals left, we are almost family, yes? So that makes our original rules the only rules that matter, wouldn't you say?"
"Whatever."
"We agreed to me staying on the east side of the island and taking care of the boys."
"You like being their leader."
"You bet I do. Like a mother bear, you might say." The voice was cold. "But now you have broken some of our rules?"
"What do you mean?"
"Come on, you think I'm stupid or something? You think I don't fucking know that you killed Bobby? You think I don't know you ain't the only fucking one in that cave?"
Jessica stopped breathing. Her heart pounded like the long-range BOOM! of fourth of July fireworks.
"Bullshit." Richard lied. "You know damn well there's no one else on this island but you, me and the other convicts."
Brief silence. Wind blowing.
"Now if I believed that everything would be convenient, wouldn't it? But I'm afraid my sources have said otherwise. It seems some rather, how should I put it, disgusting debris floated in on one of our shores. I noticed you've seen fit to remove it. I think it's safe to say there has been a shipwreck nearby. Could it have been the night of that bad storm a short while back? A shipwreck with at least one non-survivor and one survivor, wasn't there? A woman survivor, perhaps? Have you been harboring a woman, Richie? In fact, why don't you be real nice and show me that sweet piece of ass?"
"Come on, Roberts. There's nobody fucking here but you and I."
"There go those obscenities again."
"I told you—"
"I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU TOLD ME."
"Kyle, please. I really don't know what—"
"No, stop. I know what you're trying to pull. You're playing the same bullshit you played on the boys. Look, it's Richie the recluse. Don't go off and hang out with that guy. It might work for them, but it doesn't for me. I'm responsible for you staying alive and you damn well know it. I could have put the hunt on you at any time and this is how you repay me? You get some sweet prize and try to keep her all to yourself?"
"Go back to your side of the island, you don't know what you're talking about."
"You killed Bobby."
"No."
"Then she did."
"You're letting the sun get to you, there is no she."
"You're a lousy liar, Richie. Do you want me to come up and see for myself? You know I can, and you know I will."
"Leave me alone."
"No, no, I'm afraid the situation has changed now. All these years, I've let you live because there was nothing worth taking from you. But now there's something you have that belongs to me. Tell me, Richie, is she beautiful? Is she a good fuck?"
Richard lost it, "KISS MY ASS."
"Richie, Richie, Richie, I guess I'll just have come up and see for myself. . ."
"No! No, please, no."
"Begging for mercy, are we?"
"What do you want?"
"Bottom line: give me the woman and I'll let you live. Share or die."
"But it's not sharing, is it? I give her to you and she'll die."
"No. Now there you go being all selfish again. That's not how it will be at all. We've got history, Richie. You were always welcome to stay on the other side of the island."
"I know exactly what will happen to her."
"Do you?"
"Yes. Even if I gave her to you now, you'd send your boys up to kill me anyway."
"Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. Your intelligence, your bravery, it just never ceases to amaze, Richie."
An icicle formed on Jessica's spine.
"Please. You have enjoyed freedom here that you never had back there. Please don't take her from me."
"Wow, you have feelings for this lady, huh? Tell you what I'm going to do. I'm not going to come up there right now and take her from you."
Jessica noticed her first breath.
"I only wanted to live over here alone and in peace. I haven't caused you any trouble."
"Until she washed ashore and Bobby's unfortunate demise, no trouble, no. But now. . ."
"Can't we make some arrangement?"
Loud laughter. "What, you get her every other weekend? This isn't some fucking parenting plan, Richie. You have no rights here. I'm the only one on this island who matters."
"That's not true. We are human beings, we all matter. That's one of the main reasons why I didn't stay over there with you. I knew there would be a war."
"Does it matter why we're over there and you're here? The world abandoned us and doesn't give two shits what happens as long as we face our death sentences here."
Richard stood trembling.
"I didn't think you disagreed. So, enough bullshit. It's time to talk serious. I want the woman on my side by sunrise tomorrow. That gives you a more-than-generous full day to fuck her, kiss her goodbye, do whatever you've been doing to her. One more day. See, I'm not being as impatient as I could be."
Richard clenched his fist, turning each of them bright red.
"If the woman is in my possession by tomorrow morning, I may decide to let Bobby's death go without further punishment. After all, Bobby was my buddy."
Jessica gulped.
"However, if the woman is not mine by sunrise tomorrow, then we will come and take her by force. If that is your choice, Richie, you might as well dig yourself a grave tonight because I will reclaim my property by lunchtime tomorrow. And I won't kill you quickly, Richie. No, I'll punish you, keep you on the brink of death until I've squeezed every inch of that crazy bullshit life out of you. I'll break you for sport in front of the boys."
Richard started to say something but stopped. Jessica was glad he didn't let his anger force him into some macho back and forth.
"Here's the score: there are ten of us.  I know it's been awhile since you've stopped by and visited, but we have numbers on our side. And when I confirm to them the sweet prize you aren't sharing? Oh my, the boys will be unhappy. They will tear this island apart looking for you."
"Come on, there must be something—"
"Ten to two, Richie. Think about it. Think about it hard. You still have plenty of time."
Richard's face was red and sullen.
"Plenty of time."
"Never," Richard whispered, turning to look at Jessica.
"Sunrise tomorrow. Be there with my property."
Richard just kept shaking his head saying under his breath, "Never."
"Have a good last day with her, Richie. It looks like it's going to be a scorcher. A beautiful day. B is for Richie's Bitchy. B is for Richie's Bitchy. . ." The voice trailed off.
The ocean breeze stopped blowing long enough for Jessica to hear the sounds of thrashing away. The wind resumed strong and steady.
Kyle Roberts' chilling words repeated inside Jessica's brain: B is for Richie's Bitchy.


CHAPTER 17

The ocean winds played a chilling song as Richard returned to his rock seat. He sat, putting his sweat-laden face in his hands. The ocean song kept playing; it's melody a series of annoying cacophonous whispers. The ocean could not only scream louder than any other beast on earth, but scream softer as well.
A scream inside a whisper.
Jessica worried about Richard; she believed that this described him and the whole island perfectly. A scream inside a whisper.
Someone needed to break the silence. Since the first day she'd met him, he led the conversations. He'd been the one who seemed to know what to do next. She'd let him lead and she followed. She had never been like this with any other relationship before. Was the island changing her too?
She couldn't handle the silence anymore. "What are we going to do?"
For a long time her words had no effect on anything; Richard, the ocean winds, the light shining through the rave entrance. But then Richard looked up, his face lighting up.
She repeated her question.
"I'm thinking," he said quietly, avoiding eye contact with her.
"Care to share any of your thoughts?"
"Not yet," he answered. 
"Then how about telling me who that was?"
"You mean what that was? That was no man. . .at least by my standards."
She was about to agree before he continued.
"I'll tell you what I know about Kyle Roberts. . ."

* * *

As Kyle Roberts travelled back to the east side of the island he couldn't stop grinning. He was disappointed to have lost Bobby but look what he was gaining?
He saw a butterfly land on a vine in the distance and stopped.
He felt his mind falling back in time again.

* * *

1965.
After his foster mother Angela had died and Charles had sent him back, Kyle Roberts had to grow up even more. In the next two foster homes Kyle stepped up his self-reliance. It wasn't long before he had multiple odd jobs to go along with a paper route he was growing too old to do.
 He never showed off his mounted insect collections in his room, especially the butterfly one, in any of his other homes. He kept the collections hidden under the bed or in other secret places.
By his eighteenth birthday he had become independent and moved out on his own, but he didn't even show his collections in his apartment.
He wasn't mounting insects any more. Charles had been right. That was something he needed to grow out of doing. It had come time to graduate with his collection efforts.
He moved onto bigger mounting subjects. Kyle could thank Charles for the hunting training. He had to be more careful about how he trapped and mounted the animals in the wild as he found the danger increased dramatically with bigger targets. He'd create mounting boxes out in the middle of the woods and had some close brushes killing wild animals. He almost died in a match with a cougar and a bear (separate collection efforts).
He earned several scholarships and started junior college while working. Nobody except Kyle knew what he did in his spare time. With the hobby and sports days gone, now he did it because he enjoyed killing.
He became restless and bored with his weekend wilderness trips killing everything as small as ducks, geese and grouse to as big as black bears. Cougars were a favorite to hunt and kill. They were a special kind of prey. Cunning, fast and predatory. He could kill with a knife, bow and arrow or gun. He preferred using bladed weapons. 
He cut the heads off the animals and stuck them high up in trees encased in boxes made of wood. He became skilled at working with wood, especially in the wild.
He first met Stacy in a junior college English class. She wore a blue scarf with butterflies on it. Like the other girls she thought he was handsome and even went on a couple dates with him.
But she broke it off for some other guy who wasn't as, she claimed: "distant." It was true he wasn't the typical doting boyfriend type. He had his time where he enjoyed going out into the woods and collecting. He needed to do this by himself. This wasn't the kind of thing he'd take his dates on. Hey, you want to go grab a movie and kill Smokey The Bear? 
It saddened him to lose Stacy though. She felt like his first true love but the time was short.
He kept calling her and being rebuked. She ordered him to stop calling or she'd go to the police. Kyle didn't want any trouble so he let her go.
Kyle didn't blame her for abandoning him for a boring boyfriend. He wouldn't hurt Stacy while she was protected by the blue butterfly scarf. 

* * *

A virgin until almost his twenty-first birthday, Kyle grew tired of masturbation. He had only made it to third base with Stacy. She was saving herself for marriage. She was one of the few girls in the flower era of the late sixties Kyle knew that felt that way.
He wanted to try the real thing. He had heard from some guys at work that there were some massage parlors in town that provided more personal service if you gave the masseuse extra money, a wink and a grin. 
His massage parlor experimentation was a failure. He learned to be careful because there were tons of legitimate massage therapists and one just couldn't walk into any massage parlor and ask for sexual favors but the women masseuses didn't do anything sexually for him. He didn't even get hard half the time they rubbed his body. 
When he masturbated he often didn't think of any specific sex, women or men. He thought about them both. He'd always thought he was bi-sexual because he liked body parts from both sexes. He liked big breasts and he liked firm chests of men.  He liked women's lips and the asses of men. He enjoyed strong shoulders of men and the eyes of women.
His first sex was with a transvestite named Donni that he met at a gay-friendly club. Kyle loved the sex and imagined it to be better than anything he could have had with Stacy. Donni and Kyle would begin a relationship that would last until Donni discovered what Kyle enjoyed doing on the weekends.
She had no idea.

* * *

1969.
Kyle's first collection rule: only strangers. 
This meant he had to follow a strategy and M.O similar to Ted Bundy who he had surely shared some kills during the same timeframe. Although it is believed that Bundy's main killing spree happened from 1974-1978 there is considerable evidence that it began earlier.
Roberts and Bundy preferred to prey on young women. Most of Kyle's victims were college students and/or young people who enjoyed the outdoors like him. Bundy was into necrophilia but Kyle never had sex with his victims after they were dead. He bound and raped them in the woods several times before dicing them into pieces.
His first human victims he met on trail near a campground. They were hiking in the back woods where Kyle liked building mounts. They had found his collection and thought it might be some kind of weird taxidermist. They ridiculed his collections.
Kyle shot the man between the eyes with an arrow.
The woman tried to run but Kyle knew the wooded area well. He'd been coming to this same place for several years. He caught up with her by shooting both her legs with two arrows, dead center in both thighs.
"Don't worry," Kyle said, "I'll stop the bleeding. I'm studying to be a male nurse."
The woman screamed. She knew Kyle was no nurse when he broke off the arrow tip and left both arrows sticking in her legs and gave her nothing for the pain but strange stares.
"You shouldn't have made fun of my collection."
"Why are you doing this? Why me?"
Kyle pointed to his collection of wild animals. "They are boring me."
Kyle was disappointed that he couldn't mount the humans like he did the insects and animals. He'd surely be caught mounting them. He had to keep his human killing a secret.
So he learned to cut his human victims into pieces and burn them in the fire. The sound of the crackling reminded him of Charles burning two of his mounted collections on Thanksgiving.
"C is for Cunt" were the last words his female victim heard.
He had no final words for the three men he killed during his pre-death-row spree. He would produce more C words years later on the island.

* * *

1975.
As the murders accumulated, as was common with most serial killers, Kyle got sloppier and the cops began to close in. Even sliced, diced and cremated flesh left clues. And one recent victim, Amanda Worley, had seen Kyle's face and escaped. 
He let one get through the butterfly net.
After having sex, Donni and he were watching TV at her house when the news flashed his picture as a suspect wanted by the authorities. A warrant had been issued for his arrest.
"Kyle," she said, pointing in surprise. Kyle's face was on TV.
"I don't know what this is about. I will go and talk with them," Kyle said. And then he dressed and left. He ran the opposite direction, ran away from turning himself in.
A manhunt led to the woods where Kyle had first started killing. He climbed a tree and sat high up on the branch clutching his very first collection.
The butterfly mounting. 
When they finally brought him down, he was crying in a fetal position. He didn't want to go to prison. He felt like the butterfly caught wrongly in the net, its wings fluttering.
 
* * *

1976.
Kyle did see his foster father Charles one more time. 
He would testify in court to Kyle's "creepy tendencies as a kid." Not that one convict's testimony would matter that much to a jury but the prosecution pulled everybody they could out of Kyle's past to prove how much of a monster threat Kyle was to society.
Kyle gave Charles the middle finger in court.
"See," Charles pointed. "That's evil, I'm telling you. Don't let him run free out there so he can ever hurt anybody again. I hunted with that . . . that thing. He likes killing too much."
Kyle stood up and screamed: "Tell them what you did to me, you rotten bastard!" His attorney tried to restrain him.
The jury would later say it wasn't the testimony of Charles that convicted him, it was the testimony of Roberts' only surviving victim, Amanda Worley.
Kyle felt a tinge of regret when they took him away. Not regret that he was sentenced to death but because he would be unable to do any more collecting. The only killing left for Kyle would happen in the electric chair.
But like thinking he'd never see Charles again, Kyle would be wrong about this too. He'd have a chance to start killing again on an island somewhere in the Pacific.

* * *

Richard had told Jessica as much of the history he'd heard about Kyle Kollector Roberts. He was the most notorious of the death row convicts ever sent to the island.
"Kyle Kollector Roberts. Whatever monster he was in the past, he's gotten worse here. He's done all kinds of strange things on this island. This is the other big reason that I wanted to have no part of what happened over there. I don't think I would have kept my sanity if I had stayed there."
"I remember hearing the Kollector stories in the news," Jessica said. "Horrible things he did. They were some of the most heinous murders and he had no remorse. I can't believe they didn't find him crazy."
"Well, that's some of what we're working against here." Richard said. "I didn't realize there were still ten of them over there."
"What do you know about the others?"
"They're all bad in one way or another. Some of the others I've met have some respect for the human race left in them, I think. I can't say the same for Roberts. He sees people as objects in his collections. He's not the typical con. It takes a lot to scare death row cons and Roberts does it without much effort."
"I don't care who or what Roberts wants. Isn't there anywhere on the island we can hide?" 
"There are some hiding spots, yes." He went silent again, thinking. "I didn't know there were ten of them."
"Roberts was right? You are scared of him. You haven't wanted to fight him since you got here?"
Richard nodded slowly.
"But you saved me from Bobby. That wasn't a cowardly act. We can fight him. We can."
"Ten of them? I don't know."
"I'll fight if I have no other choice," Jessica said. 
He looked at her directly, the first time, and smiled. "I didn't realize you had this brave streak in you."
"I'm not. I'm just a better actor than you." And she was.
"He lied, you know," Richard said, matter-of-factly.  He was still staring out the cave entrance.
"Who?"
 "Roberts. He lied about leaving us alone. One of them is out there now watching us."
She stood up and walked over to the cave entrance. 
"How do you know that?"
"Because I've been watching myself. I've heard sounds in the bushes that weren't caused by the wind."
"He doesn't want to let us get a running start away from here?"
"No, he doesn't want us out of his sight."
"Only one person out there?"
"I think so. Every now and then he moves. A jumpy bastard. Stupid spy."
"What should we do about him?" Jessica asked.
Richard walked back to the cave entrance and stared out again. "We have about five hours of sunlight left. I'd like to go to the beach, what do you think?"
"What if our watcher follows?"
"I think he's just there to spy, not attack."
"How do you know that?"
"Because," he came back to where he was standing before, "I've lived with Roberts long enough to know that he thinks I'll deliver you tomorrow like he wants."
Despite their past conflicts, Jessica didn't think Richard would turn her over without a fight.

* * *

"Did I tell you about my dream?" Richard said when they had at last reached the sandy beach and seated themselves. The tide rushed in, stalled and rushed back out like a carnival thrill ride.
"No."
"This probably isn't the right time to tell you, but I want to anyway. Just in case." 
"Richard, don't talk like that."
"Just let me finish. Please?" he took a few deep breaths. "Before you came, I did a lot of dreaming. I think being alone all the time did that to me, because I never used to be a dreamer. About the only time I ever dreamed was after seeing a horror movie."
"I dreamed about these huge birds that swooped down to the island and carried me off to another island. A paradise island where there was no pain or loneliness. It's my good dream."
She was glad to hear he was able to get a good night's sleep on the island once in awhile. She hadn't slept with any pleasant dreams since being shipwrecked.
"But there was another dream I had too. A dream of the same huge birds carrying me off. Except they took me to a worse place than here. I'm no dream analyst but I think this is my vision of death; those huge birds with sharp talons carrying me off to some horrible place. Silly, huh?"
"Everyone has bad dreams. It's not silly. Go on."
"Believe it or not, those two dreams were the only dreams I had on this island until the night of the storm."
"The one with the shipwreck that brought me here?"
"Yes, that one. That night I had a strange dream. It was so strange that I lay awake in the cave wondering if it had some eerie significance to reality. The dream started out the same way as my 'paradise dream'. The birds came, grabbed hold of me, carried me away to the paradise island. But suddenly I found myself on a beach. Like the dream had cut away to a completely different dream. I was on a beach that looked a lot like this beach."
He paused watching the tide roll in.
"The ocean wind in my dream, the night of the storm said something to me. Just two words, over and over. Something fresh, it said, something fresh."
"That's odd," she said, slowly shaking her head.
"Yes," he replied. "Because the next morning when I awoke I went straight to the beach and found you."
Something fresh. 
"Could that have been some sort of dream premonition of me finding you?"
"I would not describe myself, Richard, as 'something fresh.' That sounds a bit, well, obscene."
"But isn't it weird that they didn't find you first? I've thought about that a lot since I found you."
"I don't call that weird, I call that being fortunate."
"Wondering why I found this so important to tell you?"
His next question took her a different, unexpected place. "Jessica, could you ever. . .like me?"
"I like you now, Richard."
"I mean like me. . . more than a friend."
"You have a lot of pent-up anger and hurt that concerns me. Some I can't blame you for because if I was here for a long time I don't know what it would do to me."
"It's my looks, isn't it?"
"It has nothing to do with your looks." She looked at him and realized that wasn't entirely true, "Ok, I admit physical attraction has something to do with me liking people in that way."
"I smell bad."
"Hey, everything on this island smells bad. This island, me, you, the air, everything smells like fish. But no, that's something I could overcome."
"I'm a lousy conversationalist?"  
"No, actually that's one of your redeeming qualities."
"Then it's because I hit you?"
"That didn't help."
"I wish I could take that back."
"I'm trying to forget it ever happened."
"I didn't. Deep, deep, deep, down I didn't mean to hurt you."
"It borders on impossible to forget."
There was a moment for the ocean wind to blow and then taper off.
"I never hit a woman before," Richard said, ashamed.  
"I believe you." Jessica added, "I didn't get the feeling that you had that in you but I do understand the pressure of what has happened here could break most anybody. It's doing a number on me."
"I never wanted you exposed to this. I wanted you to remain untouched, beautiful, unhurt, fresh. Only, I can't keep you away from hurt here. There's too much hurt on this island."
She turned to him and looked past his exterior for the first time. Inside there was something entirely different brewing. Something mysterious and interesting. 
Another time, another place?
That's a lousy thought, she told herself, and just isn't the truth. But with all the deception, the lies she'd heard, the truth was complicated.
"I believe you," Jessica repeated. She had to believe. Her belief in Richard was keeping her sane. She had to believe he knew how to keep her safe from Roberts and his "boys" on the east side of the island.
He nodded, still looking ashamed and beaten. "Could there ever be a chance for us?"
Was there ever a chance with any kind of relationship? Even if you put two people who didn't like each other on an island together, how long would it be before they cast aside the negative traits and started to have romantic feelings for each other? Everyone needs somebody to stave off the darkness, the perils and loneliness.
She found herself asking, "Why haven't you tried anything on me?"
"Because then I would be no different than them."
And looking deep into his interior self, she saw something else, something warm. Something she could have deeper feelings for if she wasn't distracted by the thoughts of some sinister convict spying on them.
The tide washed in and carried two dreamers out.
"I'm sorry, I can't get over our spy. He's still watching us, isn't he?" Jessica asked.
"If he isn't, he's probably dead. Every convict that has crossed Roberts has been killed. They listen to him or he gets rid of them."
"He sounds like Hitler."
"I suppose he's a bit like Hitler. But Hitler targeted the Jews. Roberts targets pretty much everybody."
"Why have you put up with him if he's so cruel? I mean why didn't you form a faction with the others and overthrow him?"
"Ask yourself what would you do? You're dropped out of the sky into a strange surrounding, with other scared death row convicts that you barely know, and he steps up as the leader. I'm no leader, Jessica, and neither were most other cons. If you don't conform to his rules you're branded an outcast. This is Prison 101, you don't be an outcast in prison and survive."
"But hasn't anybody ever come to this side of the island and tried to side with you?"
"No, and I'm ok with that. I'm sure Roberts doesn't say: hey, did you know you can go over and hang out on the west side of the island with the loner con. He doesn't give them a choice. They drop there, he tells them where to go, when to go, what to do, what to be. He's the warden of this island prison."
The tide rolled in softly. The sky above was darkening, as was Jessica's hope. They had spent all their time talking instead of planning. They were wasting valuable time.
"Have you come up with a plan yet?" she asked, hopeful.
"I think so."
"Well, spill it?"
"Not now."
"Why?"
"Shh," He said, looking away. "We have ears."
Ten minutes later, he led her back to the cave. The trip to the beach had been a brief interlude, nothing more. Fear time had returned.
She wondered how long Richard and her would be able to hold out.


PART 3 
FLESH


CHAPTER 18

Seth Everson loved his eyes.
His orders were to watch and if they went anywhere to follow. He had followed them to the beach (his eyes loved the beach), then followed them obediently back to the cave.
He was amazed how easy, how simple they were making it for his eyes.
His eyes loved watching. They were only brown pits to those throwing a quick glance, but those who looked deeper saw what he really was. For inside his eyes, beyond the cornea, pupil, iris, and lens, clockwork machinery dwelled in the vitreous humor; cogwheels turned with maximum efficiency, eliciting every micro-speck of information, transferring the data along a special pathway in the optic nerve to a tiny unique sector of his brain. Once there, information was stored and studied, logged and indexed; a section totally devoted to visual perception. Thus, the result: infallible eyes. Predator eyes.
At one time, killer eyes.
But that was a long time ago. When they called him something else, yes? A sniper? Yes. His eyes and he had clung to the roofs of buildings in downtown Austin as rightfully as the vents and outside fans. He had never known happiness quite like being on those buildings, seeing the ants scurry across the street below. Each of his eyes was an exterminator.
His rifle had no sight, he didn't want one.
His eyes were his only sight, his only guide, his only loving friend. His eyes would never deceive him like the mindless magnifying power of a sight. His eyes never missed a victim.
Fourteen spent bullets.
Fourteen shots through the heart.
Fourteen cold corpses.
Someone back in prison told him if you made it past ten killings, you would be remembered. But it was not him, Seth Everson, who wanted to be remembered.
It was his eyes.
His beautiful, masterful eyes.
And his eyes were watching them. Waiting. Studying. His eyes saw them moving in that dim, dingy cave. If need be his eyes would watch them forever. Everson was honored that Roberts had chosen his eyes for this mission. Roberts recognized eyes of experience, knew the owner of the dark, optical blessings. Roberts would not have been a great leader if he would have passed on Everson's priceless eyes. Everson's eyes were so pleased, so overwhelmed that they suddenly became obscured by their own light.
And a valuable second was lost. A tragic mistake made.
His eyes cleared, catching the woman emerging from the cave entrance. Slowly moving down the dirt trail. His eyes followed her, laser efficiency, dedicated.
Takin' a piss, my pretty? He pondered as she slipped into the spot Templin had designated as a bathroom.
Everson sneaked toward the bathroom. His eyes were horny; they had not seen a woman's naked flesh in ages. He slithered across the dirt, stupidly losing sight of the woman, squashing some night roaming bugs beneath his bare belly. He reached the enclosure in less than a minute, his eyes alight and excited.
He reached for a handful of vines that blocked his eyes like a curtain. Nudity lies beyond. He drew back the vines with a hardness forming in his pants.
His eyes darted around the darkness, focus. Cut through it like a flashlight beam.
His heart pounded as sweat rolled down his temples. He drew the vines the rest of the way.
And his eyes saw no nudity. An empty space. The woman had slipped into the bathroom—out of sight—fooled his eyes into coming over, then snuck out. A decoy! How could his eyes have been deceived?
The smell blanketed him and he almost retched. The vile scent of human excrement lingering in a small, confined space for a long period of time. Seth may have had incredible power over his eyes but his nose was normal, and there was no way to cloak the stench of a mountainous pile of shit. Holding his breath, disgusted he let the vines go and they snapped back to a curtain-closed position.
His eyes had been tricked for the first time. Not perfect. Not infallible.
Damn you! He cursed them again and again. You can't fucking do this to me!
His eyes—angered and hurt—turned against him creating a bizarre, paralyzing mirage. All of his skin was shed revealing a gruesome costume on the ground. One by one, his organs squeezed, still functioning, out of his dumbstruck body. At Seth's feet lay a nightmarish assemblage: a slimy intestinal track cringing and a heart squirting blood.
(GOTCHA, SETH! GOTCHA).
And, in the meantime, the two he'd been ordered to keep eyes on escaped.
"NO." Everson blinked, mentally ordering his body to reassemble itself. His eyes punished him for another minute, then dispersed the mirage and returned to his control.
He got up, tripped, and climbed to feet again.
He flew through the ravine, unquestionable rage coursing through him. He bulleted through obstructions that would have stopped a weaker man. He grabbed the branches that raked the flesh on his cheeks and snapped them like necks.
No one escaped his eyes. . .
No one escaped. . .
No one. . .
No. . .
He. stopped, dog-panting, cuts burning like individual fires all over his body
And heard only the sound of footsteps far off in the distance, much too far away for even his eyes to see.
He stopped and moaned in the darkness, over and over,
"No one escapes Seth Everson's eyes, no one, no one, no one . . ."
And when the footsteps became the wind, Everson knelt down and, not him, his eyes wept ceaselessly into his hands.

* * *

"What is that?" Jessica whispered.
Richard led her through the darkness. He couldn't stop, nor could she, and if anything the awful moaning sounds quickened their pace.
"What is—" Jessica started again and Richard put a finger to her lips.
"I don't know, and don't want to find out. Come on."

* * *

Five minutes later, Kyle Roberts and three others came upon the weeping, sorry sight of Seth Everson. They carried torches that illuminated the scene. Kyle knelt down, grabbed Everson between his armpits and hoisted him to his feet.
"Speak to me, Seth," he slapped the man's face until Seth stopped crying.
"Roberts?"
"What happened?"
"My. . .eyes." a few left-over tears streamed down Seth Everson's bloody scratched cheeks, "They're not infallible, not perfect, they missed—"
Roberts slapped him again, violent enough to open one of the scratches wider.
"My eyes had them all day. . .they went to the beach. . .back to the cave. . .all day. . .into night. . .my eyes didn't fail me."
"But Templin and the woman tricked you and got away, didn't they?" Roberts said. His eyes cutting a hole in Seth's eyes. Roberts had angry, mean, sometimes cruel eyes.
"Y-Yes." Eversons lips trembled.
"Your eyes are incompetent. I told you not to let them out of your sight. What the fuck went wrong?"
"I-I. . .I'm sorry. My eyes never—"
"FUCK YOUR EYES. They got away, you idiot."
"Please forgive me, Roberts. I'm sorry. My eyes have never failed me before."
"I don't care about before," Roberts said. "For your sake you better at least know which way they went."
Everson pointed south, toward the beach where Richard found Jessica. "That way, the beach. I think."
Roberts turned to the three convicts behind him. He pointed at the tall Indian and a big black man. "Smith and Jackson, go find them. Bring them back. Go."
The men grunted approval and took off through the night, the flare of their torches cutting a ragged red-white light through the blackness.
Roberts turned to Everson and put his index finger on the man's heart. "You need to be punished, Seth."
"Not me, no, my eyes let us down, Roberts. It was my eyes."
"I don't care." Roberts shook his finger in front of Seth's eyes. He grabbed Everson and easily shoved him to the ground. "Get up. We're going to the cave."
Everson got up and followed Roberts into the cave. He mumbled about his eyes the whole way.
They reached the cave, went inside, and Roberts looked around. The fire was still burning, and gave the appearance that they hadn't gone anywhere. Exactly what Templin had wanted them to believe.
"Good one, Richie." Roberts raised his fist to the night. Then he laid his dark green eyes on Everson. "I'm holding you responsible for this, Seth."
"My eyes turned on me. . .my eyes—"
Roberts turned and looked at Don Walkins, a muscular man who almost perfectly resembled Chuck Norris. Roberts grabbed the torch from the man.
Walkins looked at him, puzzled.
"Draw your knife," Roberts ordered.
Seth Everson kept babbling.
Walkins drew his knife, the blade glimmering in the firelight. He awaited his next command.
Roberts turned back to Everson. "You let me down, Seth. You and your eyes. You know what I do to people who let me down?"
Everson held up him hands, pleading, "No, no please, it was an accident, it'll never happen again, Roberts."
"Oh, I know it will never happen again, Seth. I intend to make sure of that. Right, Mr. Walkins?"
Walkins chuckled. "Right."
"Please don't kill me, Kyle," Everson kept begging.
That's exactly what Roberts wanted to do. Everyone who had fucked up on the island must be punished. Except at the moment things were a little different as he needed all of his men. At least until he had Templin and the woman. Then he could collect all of them. He wouldn't let the other convicts sink their mangy claws into the woman. No, not like Templin had been doing. He wanted Everson done badly but he decided upon something different. Something more fitting.
"Ok, Seth. I'll give you another chance. You believe in second chances?"
"Yes, thank you, Roberts, thank you. I would like a second chance."
"Let's go back to the winter you first came to the island and met our Japanese farmer friend. Yeah, remember ol' Sar? He found that clearing not far from this very cave. He brought those great tasting vegetables to the camp the next summer. Remember how much we all liked Sar after that? We couldn't understand a fucking word he said but you understood him some and translated some of his vegetable and dirt talk. Tell me what happened. What else did Sar find?"
Seth Everson shook his head violently. "I—I don't know any more than you do, Roberts. I swear I don't."
"That's what you've been saying for years but Sar found something else here on the island the fall of that year. Something that scared him real bad.  He came back to the camp and was never the same. What did he find?"
"I told you everything about that that day, Roberts. You remember. We were both there with him when he came back."
Roberts walked over to the fire, dropped the torch, and furiously stomped out the fire.
"Seth, I can't tell if you know Sar's secret or not, but I can punish you for losing the girl."
"My eyes. . .MY EYES. . ." Everson lamented.
"That's exactly what I was thinking, thank you. Your eyes. Your eyes are what fucked up, weren't they?"
"Yes! Yes. . .my eyes!"
"So it wouldn't be fair to punish the rest of you then, would it?" Roberts flashed an eerie smile, cracking his knuckles. He walked over to Everson and clutched the man's bony throat. "Would it?"
"No, no, not me. Roberts, my eyes." His eyes were two gigantic egg whites.
"That's right," Roberts said, grabbing Everson's head and nodding it yes several times.
"What should it be, Seth, what should I punish?"
Everson looked at him in horror, knowing the answer. 
"Yes." Roberts laughed and gestured Walkins over with the knife"
"No," Everson pleaded. "No, not my eyes, my eyes, my eyes."
"Now, don't be a baby about this, Seth. Mr. Walkins is a professional. He'll try to make it as quick and painless as possible."
"NOOOO."
Roberts tightened his grip on Everson's throat, holding him as Walkins brought the knife closer.
Closer to Everson's eyes.
"Mr. Walkins won't leave you blind if you don't struggle, Seth." Roberts laughed. "In fact, he'll take your weak eye."
Seth struggled, a look of terror rippling across his face.
"Take his left eye. But make sure you don't kill him. We can still use his. . .other eye."
Roberts turned and walked back to the glowing embers. As he picked up the torch he could hear the sound of Walkins poking Seth Everson's left eyeball
His fantasy while Seth Everson's screams rocked the night was that it was instead Richard Templin he was torturing.


CHAPTER 19

The world wanted Jumping Bat Jackson to believe he was chasing Richard Templin and Jessica Stanton, but Bat would have no part of it. He only felt the hungry eager feeling when he was walking down the aisle to an important wrestling match. The feeling was a strong pounding near his heart, as if some internal animal was chipping away inside there, aching to get out. The feeling bordered somewhere between pain and pleasure; a strange internal mixture of fear, anticipation, hunger, and nervousness.
They wanted him to believe that they'd confined him on a small island in the middle of nowhere. That they'd cut off the world from the greatest champion in professional wrestling since Andre The Giant. That they'd banished him from the ring forever.
But it was all lies. Clever lies.
Jumping Bat had been at in the Garden when it happened. He was battling the Fearless Forenza, a jelly-bellied Mexican with more talk than rock. Forenza had traveled from the Kingdome to the Superdome to the Astrodome breaching FORENZA DOMINATION the supposed Mexican wrestling takeover. He had the nerve to play Led Zeppelin's Whole Lotta Love as his ring song. Forenza told the world that number one contender Jumping Bat Jackson was, in no uncertain terms, another "incredibly dumb nigger from the south." Bat was absolutely furious and could not wait to destroy him at the Garden.
Of course Forenza had not really called him racist names—such atrocities were not sanctioned—but Forenza had casually hinted it (and in that day and age, that was all you had to do). Still, Bat wanted to totally annihilate that Mexican poser at The Garden, and planned on it.
Wrestling had become something more real that fateful night in Madison Square Garden. Before the match, Forenza told Bat to make it look good. Bat nodded, but if Forenza would have looked closely he would have seen the razor eyes of a pit bull. He would kill the Mexican as a deterrent for future insults to his creed and color.
And even more so because Forenza was, after all, a fat, lazy, greasy Mexican. And so with a full house at The Garden, the Fearless Forenza and Jumping Bat Jackson collided. Being the wrestling profession was a very predictable sport, Bat knew in advance (and had even practiced with Forenza) that he was supposed to be the loser and Forenza the winner. 
But not so tonight. Not this time. 
When the match had finally begun, he sent demolishing blows with his fists that were exactly what they weren't supposed to be: real. He kicked Forenza's flab like it was a football and a sixty-yard punt was needed to win the game. He body-slammed Forenza with the ease of a pillow, grounding the Mexican grease machine into the mat. He threw Forenza against the ropes so hard the posts shook in trepidation. He punished and tortured Forenza as if he was not a man, but an experiment. Forenza's blood was not fake, as it should have been, it was real. Coppery-scented, slick, real blood. The pain, the anguish and degradation, everything was real. But somehow, perhaps an act of the God Bat didn't believe in, Forenza landed a lucky blow. A blow somewhere at the base of Jumping Bat Jackson's skull. A blow which changed the world, the future and life of Bat Jackson. Because following that auspicious blow, he was never his true self again. Bat Jackson left The Garden, wrestling, the crowd, on a stretcher. The wrestling commission banned him indefinitely for the crippling of the not-so Fearless Forenza.
But Bat Jackson soon found revenge. He sought out certain members of the wrestling committee and they found themselves no longer legislating.
No longer living.
He murdered seven people with his bare hands before the law caught up with him. It took twelve police officers, several billy clubs, and great motivation to slap the cuffs on him. But they never shackled the hatred in Jumping Bat Jackson's heart.
Never because the place they sent him to promised another match. The final match. The perfect rematch. And the man he was chasing now was not Richard Templin, no, it was the crippled Fearless Forenza in disguise.
Bat was running down the aisles toward the match. The crowd was reaching for him with hungry, appreciative hands that felt like tree branches. Their applause drowned out the claustrophobic, warm air. The smell of salt and perspiration clung to the air like a bad omen. The lights had been killed, save for a small wedge far, far above that looked like a three-quarter moon. The match would soon begin.
Except this scheduled match was tag-team. Jumping Bat Jackson was not running down the aisle alone, and neither was Forenza. There was a big Indian with Bat that he didn't like. A red man with a bad smell.
Bat suddenly stopped. He grabbed the Indian's arm. "Let's get something straight," Bat said.
"What?" Butch Smith replied.
"You and me, we aren't no tag-team."
"What the fuck are you talking about?"
"If you jump in the ring, red man, I'll kill you. Forenza is mine."
By light of the torch the Indian was carrying, Bat could see the fear. The Indian was afraid, and that was all Bat needed to know.
"We go," Bat said, and they continued on, eastbound, closer to the match.
The Indian gave Bat an odd stare, as if he didn't know who Forenza was.

* * *

Jessica urged Richard to stop. Her lungs felt like the ground beneath a football team as they rushed out onto the field. "I can't. . .go. . .on. . .stop, please."
Richard let go of her hand and looked behind them. He turned back quickly. "We can't stop yet, Jessica. They're following us. And not far back there. We must keep going."
"Just. . .one. . .minute. . ." she forced through deep, heavy breaths.
He tugged her hand. "Come on, we must not stop until we put some distance between us."
She took several more deep breaths while her heart trio-hammered her chest. She looked up and around. They were running along the south shoreline of the island. With sharp, agonizing fear she thought: we're working our way to the east side of the island.
The bad side of the island.
In the dark.
Richard tugged her hand again, this time with more force, and they moved on.
But before she started running, she heard someone else's footsteps from behind.
Getting closer.


CHAPTER 20

Kyle had waited too long for a night like this. Soon, very soon he would have Templin. The woman would be his for the taking. To have, hold, use and abuse. To love in his own twisted way.  He would show her a new world.
The wind purred softly outside the cave Roberts now staked as his. He left himself unguarded in hopes that Templin might return. Kyle didn't think Templin was that stupid. That was the one obstacle in the game that Kyle would have to overcome. Templin had been wise enough to stay out of the way all these years, and any man capable of doing that deserved some sort of respect.
And out of respect Kyle would make sure that tiny pieces of Templin's body would be scattered, not buried, all over the west side of the island.
"C is for Cremation," he said, laughing.
Laughing echoed inside the cave walls.
And Kyle Roberts, the leader, was once again alone.
He searched through the cave, trying to find anything Templin might have left behind. Almost immediately he discovered the secret niche in the cave wall. Kyle held up the torch and peered inside.
The light from the torch shone back at him.
Kyle reached in and pulled out something he hadn't seen for a very long time.
A mirror.
At first he did not look at his reflection. He held the mirror at an angle and saw his dirt-black fingernails clutching the torch. Playfully, he tilted the mirror to see a different angle. He didn't realize how much he looked like a child. He didn't care. He was, in fact, smiling contently when he brought the mirror to face him. Feeling happy for the first true time in years. There was something majestic about the mirror in his hands. He remembered how girls had thought he was handsome, how his looks had been part of the trap.
For the first time since he'd parachuted to the island, he saw his reflection.
He saw what the island, what power struggles with other cons over the years, had done to him.
The mirror felt as hot as the glowing embers in the fire.
He screamed with newly-found rage, horror, disgust, hurling the mirror against the cave wall where it shattered into dozens of pieces. His beautiful face was gone.
He had seen the butterfly killer. He'd seen a monster.

* * *

It seemed hours, but was only fifteen minutes before Richard put an end to their running. Her once rugged, well-conditioned legs were aching.
Her heart had beaten so fast it must have taken a year off her life. She collapsed.
Richard was there, catching her fall. "Whoa, Jessica. You okay?"
". . .Tired. . .so. . .very tired. . ." She huffed and puffed.
"I thought you said you had weekly aerobics classes and they were the equivalent of a two-mile run?" Richard said, barely breathing hard.
"I did. . ..but. . .they were. . .nothing. . .like this. . ." 
"Well, anyway," he said, righting her, "I think we're safe for the moment."
"We. . .lost them?"
"About a half-mile back. It's too dark, even with torches, to navigate the island in the dark. We are lucky."
"Why's that?"
"Because I think I know this part of the island better than any of them. Maybe even Roberts, I think, I mean, look at it. It's dark. I thought at first the darkness would hinder us, but it may be the one thing that's on our side."
She looked up at the evil three-quarter moon and the black ravine surrounding them like the electrified fence of a prison. She'd never concede the darkness was on their side.
She shivered. "I'm scared."
Richard didn't have a confident answer for that.
She felt her wind returning, painfully slow. The human body was a vengeful machine: if you hurt it, overworked it, abused it—in one striking way or another—it got back at you. You had to treat it well, maintain a steady diet, keep it away from stress, or suffer its payback.
She studied the bushes that surrounded her and grabbed one. It was one of the poisonous plants that Richard said were all over the island. She showed him.
"Poison hemlock," he said.
"I figured when you told me that if I ate it, I wouldn't be coming home for dinner, it was probably poisonous," she said with a smirk.
"Remember asking where I learned about these things? Remember the survival school in Kentucky that I told you about? I read over a dozen books on every subject I thought would help me here."
Jessica dropped the plant and ground it in with her heel the same way she had the day Bobby attacked her. The more she thought about the government's experiment, the more nauseated she became. 
Although she had not formed a position on capital punishment, others in her life had. Edward thought the criminal, if possible, should be executed in the same manner they took the innocent person's life. Ron believed no human being should be denied life, no matter what crime was committed.  Jessica wondered if Ron would think differently if he was the one running for his life?
Jessica found her father's view the most curious: Just do what the Bible says. 
Her father's thoughts were not uncommon. On issues like capital punishment, she felt by taking a position she was drawing sides. Similar of abortion, existence of God, and life after death. Jessica fitted into the unwilling to commit to either side group. 
"Jessica?" Richard whispered. "This may be a funny place to ask but. . .do you miss Edward?"
"It is a funny place," she said, and then began to wonder.
"I mean. . .well, you wouldn't have ever come to this island if you hadn't married Edward."
"That's a strange way to look at our predicament."
"I would never have been lucky enough to have gotten to know you." He strained for the right words. "I. . .1 was just wondering how you felt about him?"
"Why is this so important? Why right now?"
He answered after a small, thoughtful pause, "Just curious."
"That's all?"
"Yeah."
"Then, yes. Of course I miss him."
'You do miss him?" he quickly replied.
"Of course."
"Would it be too personal of me to ask what he did to make you love him?"
She was beginning to understand what Richard was getting at, but she decided to play it out anyway. "Edward could be very warm and reassuring. I need that in a relationship."
As she spoke some of the bitter past seeped through her tone and inflection, "But Edward couldn't be faithful. From the start, yes. But after that. . .there were other women."
"Why would he cheat on you? You've got a wonderful disposition. You're beautiful, charming—what else could he ask for?"
She looked closely at Richard and realized that he didn't understand that he was speaking from his heart. Expressing his feelings. He was trying to speak through someone else. A very cunning, coy way to disguise his feelings for her.
"Edward had his money," was her answer. "He always had his money. That was the way he wanted it. He wanted to be buried inside Fort Knox. Kind of like Jimi Hendrix being buried with his guitar."
"So, you're saying that the storm, when it took your boat and Edward down, it was kind of like burying him with his money?"
"In a sense," she replied. She wished that was how it had happened, instead of the sea spitting up his hand with the added bonus of his memory-filled wedding ring. If she hadn't seen that, perhaps she would have better accepted his death.
Instead of letting it haunt her mind.
A strong, shrill wind curled in, silencing both of them. By the time it died, Jessica realized that Richard had done it again. He'd diverted pending terror by using romance. Sly devil.
"Do you think we've lost them, Richard?"
"For the night, yes."
"Where exactly are we?"
"We're on the southeast corner of the island. If we go another mile north, we'll be at their camp."
She felt a chill. "Are we too close?"
"I don't think so. Nobody's probably there anyway. They're all out searching for us."
"What about Roberts?"
"I don't think even he realized how dark this island gets at night. There are too many places for us to hide at night. The best way to capture us will be during the day. We're safe for now."
"We can't run forever," Jessica said.
"No," He snuck a peek at the three-quarter moon, then back down at her. "But I have something in mind that might help."
"Really?" she said, thinking: here goes the mystery again.
"Not now, but soon. For now, you must get some sleep."
"I don't think I can sleep with them out there looking for us."
"I'm here, I'll stand guard tonight."
"You need sleep too."
His reply came from the deepest region in his heart. "I'll survive."
And she knew with frightened certainty if he didn't, neither would she.

* * *

One by one, the disappointed hunters returned to the cave with faces drawn in defeat. Some of them walked into the cave with their heads hung, others shaking their heads, only one came back looking undisturbed. And that one, Walkins, was standing before him now.
"We lost them, Kyle."
"I can see that. What happened?"
"Too dark. Even with the torches, we're searching blind."
"Everson! That incompetent fuck. This should have been over before starting. Now. . .now it looks like it's going to be a fight."
"We're going to have to get them during daylight," Walkins said.
"Dammit!" Roberts kicked the dirt. "I should have gone myself instead of sending Seth."
Walkins stood his ground, still expressionless.
"Why aren't you like the others, Walkins. Why aren't you disappointed?"
"Because, I'm waiting."
"Waiting?"
"Yes, when the others fail, I will have his head. And the woman's flesh."
"You will, will you?" Kyle said with a smile, turning to pace the cave. Had he discovered a problem child?
C is for Child.
"Yes. You know I'm not like the others." 
C is for Courage.
"What, you mean you're not crazy?"
"No, I'm not."
Kyle turned, still smiling. He drew his knife.
"Listen to me Walkins. I'm in charge of this place and don't ever forget it."
"Sure, Kyle, of course you are."
"So if I tell you to cut your throat right now, you'd do it, right?"
Hesitantly, "I. . .I. . ."
"Would you?" 
Fear. Fear in Walkins' eyes. Roberts held fear at his grasp and loved it.
C is for Coward.
Kyle ordered him to draw his knife.
He did.
"Put it to your neck."
He raised the blade to his neck.
"Now if I told you to kill yourself you'd do it?"
The two men stared at each other like hungry tigers. And stared.
Stared.
C is for Conniving.
"Liar. You wouldn't cut your own throat for me."
Walkins lowered his head.
"Listen you son of a bitch, if you disobey me, if you try to take charge, I'll cut you into a thousand pieces and feed you to the ocean. Got it?"
"Yes."
"Now get out of my sight. And tell the others that the hunt begins again at sunrise. If they aren't caught by tomorrow night, Walkins, I'll hold you personally responsible."
"Yes, Kyle."
"Go."
Walkins left like the others. Roberts was pleased.

* * *

Roberts plotted and planned in the cave by himself. Even if Templin and the woman weren't caught by tomorrow, he'd have to work with one less man. It was the way of his island. Problem children must always be eliminated.
Yes, his island. Roberts reminded himself that the island was only his. He believed that he would be the only one left someday. Maybe that had been Sar's secret? He'd found a place somewhere on the island that showed him the future? A future when Kyle Kollector Roberts had collected everyone and everything.
Soon. Very soon, it would all be his. Kyle Roberts could feel it.
He could see it in the darkness outside.
Kyle Roberts waited with a circus clown's colorful expression.


CHAPTER 21

That night while others slept, Butch Smith, the one that Jumping Bat Jackson called Red Man, kneeled on the beach, lit the Pipe Of The Gods, and entered the highway of death.
He was lost somewhere in his mind driving a black pickup that blended with the night. The road ahead was paved with cold macadam, the air electric and a full, bloody moon smiled above.
Butch turned on the radio and the Chief said, "Welcome, my son. It has been several years since your last visit." 
Butch watched the still road. "You still seek your wife and child, my son?"
Butch nodded, tears welling in his eyes.
"You are close. There is one last test." 
Butch leaned forward.
"The crossing of two roads," the Chief said. 
Somewhere in the vast darkness, laughter began.
"I will not turn back until I've found them."
 "Thirteen years since I last heard from you, my son."
"I haven't needed to call upon you for the test. I haven't been ready."
"And now you are?"
"These two I am hunting? Are they my test?"
No answer.
"If they're not, I know the consequences."
"Then you are ready to cross the road." His father took a long, deep breath. He had been a chain smoker and his breathing was loud and raspy. "Very well, cross the road, and find your answer."
A row of fiery-red serpents with gigantic fangs appeared in the headlights' glow. The snakes stirred and slithered in unison, guarding the crossing.
FEAR IS THE FIRST STEP. . .
Butch stepped on the accelerator, watched the needle soar to one-hundred, one-ten, one-fifteen. . . FEAR. . .FEAR. . .FEAR. . .
Laughter grew louder in the darkness, a hysterical mocking.
(AH, HA, HA, HAHAHAHAHA!)
The snakes' forked tongues darted out and flickered together. A loud hissing joined the maniacal laughter. Butch's hands began to sweat and fingers trembled.	
No. . .NO. . .NO!
FEAR. AH!HA!HA!HA!HA HA HA FEAR!HA!HA!HA! HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Butch covered the brake, but didn't push, didn't push, DIDN'T PUSH!
He plowed into the snakes at one-hundred-fifty miles per hour, screaming at the top of his lungs. 
FEAR!FEAR!FEAR!HISSSS!FEAR!FEAR!
He scrambled for the brake and pushed it so hard it almost went through the floor.
The snakes disappeared.
Darkness became an island with a beach where he kneeled.
Ha heard his father's voice once more, echoing through his brain: "You know the second road to be crossed."
He knew. After fear comes murder. And Butch Smith had crossed that road twelve times before. He only needed to cross it twice more.


CHAPTER 22

A band by the name of Bobby and the Crawlers was playing.
Jessica was sitting in a dimly-lit tavern. A small, red candle burned in the middle of the table. Other people, sitting at similar tables, also waited for the show to begin but couldn't make out their faces. She peered closer, closer and saw, from the neck up, they didn't have human heads. They were eggheads.
The spotlight was on a mike stand, center stage. Another egghead figure shambled out from behind the silver, glittering curtain.
No, not egg-headed, Richard. Dressed in his out-of-place rags, torn jeans, blue prison shirt riddled with holes.
Emcee Richard grabbed the microphone, "Put your hands together folks, they've traveled through miles of dirt and earth: BOBBY AND THE CRAWLERS!"
Incessant applause. She looked down and saw her hands clapping. She wasn't clapping, they were clapping themselves. She tried to stop them and couldn't.
Her eyes were pulled back to the stage. The silver curtain slid open. Three more perfect eggheads, one held a shiny red bass; another boasted a battle-axe shaped electric guitar the last sat down amidst a ton of drums.
They started playing eerie, distorted music. Another figure came on stage. Not an egg-head. It was the genteel man who looked like T.C from Magnum PI. Only he was a mean version of T.C.
Bobby.
Jessica tried to leave her seat but something kept her from moving. She tried to scream but instead it came out as— 
(a blubbering catcall) 
"OH, BOBBY!"
I'm in a nightmare. All I have to do is wake up. WAKE UP. 
Bobby stepped into the spotlight, his dirt-and-blood-caked face with penetrating white eyes stared through her.
Wake up! Somebody turn on the goddamn lights.
Bobby started singing a song solely dedicated to Jessica. The lyrics coming from the nothingness of a ghoulish hole in his head:
"Gonna skin ya, skin ya baby,
Right down, to your bones
GOnna t-t-touch ya, with my snake tongue 
Be the best you've ever known." 
(NO. PLEASE)
. . .and so the chorus went.—
"Mirror-ahge, mirror-ahge,
Don't you know you killed me?"
. . .and all the eggs-heads cracked in unison. CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!
. . .and spewing from each head came thousands of tiny, wriggling black bugs.
Noooooooo!
The words to Mirror-ahge:
"Baby, take my hand. . ."
On a sparkling dinner plate on the table Jessica saw Edward's crushed hand crawling toward her.

* * *

Screaming.
It was still night and Richard leaned over her with his hand on her mouth.
She pushed his hand away. "It was terrible. . .Richard. . .terrible."
She struggled to her feet, choking away the tears. It was only a nightmare. Richard couldn't see her cracking like this bad, he'd be positively convinced she'd lost it.
"The bugs, Edward's hand, Bobby . . ."
"It's ok, Jessica. The shipwreck and Bobby are enough to give anybody nightmares. We all have bad dreams here."
Yes, but there's a big difference between bad dreams and nightmares. She nodded, comparing his birds carrying him off to the dark island to her Bobby & The Crawlers egghead tavern. No contest, Bobby's crew wins.
Richard pointed up at the sky. The blue-white light of dawn had appeared. "It's good that you woke when you did. I was just about to wake you anyway."
"Did you get any sleep at all?"
"Maybe a wink or two."
"When are you going to sleep?" She felt bummed depriving him of sleep. She should have stayed awake. He needed to be strong and alert, not tired.
"When we're safe, I'll sleep."
"It's not full light yet, why don't you get a little slee—"
"No, we must get moving. Our hunters will be coming soon."
"What's this secret you have that might help us?"
"I will show you in a little while." He flashed a half-hearted smile. "No faith?"
"I can't help it," she replied. "Ever since I came here my fear has grown and faith has dwindled."
He leaned in and paused, his face hovering near hers. It was a natural reaction for her to lean in too. And then they both pulled back, caught in an awkward moment.
He tugged her arm. "Come on. We've got a long day ahead."
Jessica remembered those words coming from someone else's mouth. They were, she realized, the exact words Edward had used the morning they left in the yacht from San Francisco.

* * *

The east side of the island had more foliage and rocks. There were swampy sections as well. It seemed with each passing half-mile the scenery changed, opening even more dense foliage. The temperature felt colder the further east they traveled. The rocks were like the mandibles of a huge savage beast, hungrily waiting to lock upon her flesh.
Kyle Roberts' camp was surrounded by a jungle-like section of the island. No beach or ocean in sight. Once in the area she better understood why Kyle Roberts seemed to be the only person who thrived on being imprisoned here and why Richard chose to claim the west side instead. It wasn't a prison in the woods to Roberts, it was home.
Richard told her that they were circling Roberts' camp and going north of it. She was hopeful whatever he had to show her would give them some upper hand.
They passed the camp without incident, never getting close enough to see how the east side island convicts lived. He led her to the northeast beach where they stopped for a brief break. The sun began to rise.
"I don't like this side of the island," Jessica said. "Even in the daylight it feels wrong."
"Yeah, circling and crossing back are the only way we're going to stay ahead of them." 
She felt her heart sinking. "Do you have some hiding spot for us over here?"
"There are some caves not far from here that I haven't explored in awhile that might offer us cover for a bit."
She watched the tide roll slowly in on a beach which looked like the southwest beach. She wondered for a moment what would have happened if she'd drifted here instead. 
The thought, like her Bobby nightmare, was disturbing. The beach used to be a serene place. Somewhere she could come and enjoy the soft ebb and flow of the tide rolling in. Today, here, the beach reminded her that the ocean served as the fence surrounding the island prison.
She looked into Richard's eyes. He eyes held some hope. Fear dominated the air, thick like a blanket. Richard may have come to the island prepared, but he was still a frightened young man. Instead of growing up in a normal prison or being executed, he'd been given the chance to reach his full adult potential here. Alone until she shipwrecked and became his sole companion.
She looked at him and wondered who was frightened more.
She was about to say something when she heard it.
There were gruff voices coming from the ravine behind them.

* * *

Jumping Bat Jackson couldn't believe his eyes. Here it was daylight, when the arena should have been vacant, and Forenza and his partner were waiting in the ring. Forenza had never entered the ring last night and now, first thing in the morning, he was ready for the re-match. Bring it on. Bat had waited too long for the rematch.
"Grab the ring girl, Red Man," Bat Jackson cried to his tag-team partner. This was no boxing match, no place for girls walking around carrying numbered signs. There were no rounds to count except the number one. Getting her yanked from the ring would leave only Forenza and him. Like it had been before in Madison Square Garden.
And then Bat realized she was not a ring girl. She had no sign. She's Forenza's tag-team partner.
Forenza and his tag-team partner— 
(A woman, how pitiful. Forenza didn't even have the balls to put a man at his side!)
—tried to leave the ring. This was no co-op sport. Let the girls wrestle the girls, preferably in tight bikinis in mud.
Red man was too fast. He leaped out and grabbed the woman with huge red hands that reminded Bat of lobster claws. He pinned her to the canvas. She would not be interrupting the re-match.
No referee to stop them here.
No one would stop them.
"Forenza, you Mexican worm!" Bat pointed. "You think you got me ejected from the ring forever, but here we are again."
Forenza, forever unsportsmanlike, drew a knife.
"Put down that knife. You know they're against the rules."
"S-stay away from me," Forenza's eyes widened.
His tag-team partner, the woman screamed for the referee. Sorry, Bat's partner had a hold on her, and had agreed to let Bat take it to Forenza. Bat must finish Fearless Forenza for good, before they dealt his tag-team partner her fate.
The wrestling commissioner, Mr. Roberts, wanted her. Forenza waved the buck knife.  "Let her go or I'll gut you."
"You make me laugh, Forenza," Jumping Bat Jackson moved closer, watching Forenza's every move. "Fearless one, huh? You called me a dumb nigger from the south, remember?"
"I don't know what you're talking about, my name isn't—"
"Oh, so now you forget? Forgetful Forenza?"
"My name is Richard Templin you crazy bastard. RICHARD TEMPLIN. You are Bat Jackson. Your partner is Butch Smith." 
The red man Forenza called Butch Smith chuckled.
"I don't care what your real name is when we are in the ring. This is our stage. We don't use our real names here." Jumping Bat moved even closer, circling within five feet. The knife held by Forenza still played at the air. Danger.
"Let her go." Anger filled Forenza's eyes and his face tightened. Forenza was ready to war over his tag-team partner taken to the canvas.
It's time to go to work, thought Bat, time to finish him. 
 "Ring the bell, Red Man," Bat Jackson said.
The wind blew and tide waves crashed in the distance.
The eyes of Forenza stared at Jumping Bat like camera eyes.
"Ding-a-ling!"
"Now you're mine, Fearless Forenza, mine, mine, mine," Bat howled and rushed Forenza.
They had thought they could keep Jumping Bat Jackson nestled safely away, banned from the ring, the spectators and mania. Yes, they could keep him from coming to it.
But they could not keep it from coming to him.


CHAPTER 23

Jessica wrongly believed she'd smelled life's worst stenches. First the island: the overpowering fish-salt scent. Secondly there was Richard, who by no fault of his own, smelled of daily bathing in the island's foul scent. She tried to get used to his body odor because she'd now had one of her own. Thirdly, there was 'the bathroom' and the day after day, night after night build up of human excrement trapped in a five foot square.
And then there was the smell of Butch Smith pinning her to the ground.
As Smith trapped her body in the sand, his rotten breath poisoned the surrounding air. His body odor, one best described as uniquely disturbing, brought what little she'd eaten out of the pit of her stomach.
But she didn't puke, not yet. The vomit rested in her throat, gagging her, making her wonder if tasting her vomit wasn't worse than Smith's odor.
Smith enjoyed watching the other man rush Richard. Jessica tried to struggle free but her captor's strength overwhelmed her.
She was trapped. If only she could free herself enough to knee her captor in the groin.
Bat Jackson dodged Richard's knife swipes and knocked the knife from his hand, tossing it several feet away. Richard backed away, hands balled in fists. Jackson grabbed him, picked his body up in the air and slammed him back-first to the ground. Richard wheezed from the wind getting knocked out of him.
"Richard!" Jessica reached out with a pinned arm. Smith's laugh got louder. 
"How do you like that real body slam, FORENZA?" Jackson shouted a name that didn't belong to Richard. 
Body slam? Jessica realized that the man's delusion was quite real to him. Bat Jackson believed they were in a wrestling rematch.
Forenza. She remembered the story.
She thought she'd seen the hulking Bat Jackson somewhere before. At one time in a place that now seemed far away, Bat Jackson the wrestler had been big news. Her ex-husband Ron had been a huge wrestling fan and Edward enjoyed watching too. He was Jumping Bat Jackson, a professional wrestler who had gone on a crazy, murderous spree, pounding out multiple human lives with his bare hands.
Forenza was the wrestler Jumping Bat Jackson had crippled before the killing started. Jumping Bat Jackson's final wrestling match. 
But they must not have found him to be crazy, just like Bobby and Kyle Roberts. Otherwise he wouldn't be here fighting Richard, he'd be locked far away in a mental institution.
And today Bat Jackson, vengeful psychotic, believed he was in the ring again with the man he'd wrestled. She shuddered, fully realizing the caliber of killers that were chasing after them.
As Jessica kept struggling, and tried to think of something to do, the show went on.
And if there had been a ringside announcer, there would have been no question that Jumping Bat Jackson was beating his opponent. 

* * *

Jackson grabbed Richard like a plaything, lifting him above his head and pounded him into the sand.
Another body slam. Intense piercing knives of pain shot through his body.
Jackson grabbed his hair and pulled him to his feet. "Am I still dumb, Forenza?" Jackson pounded his chest with a fist. "AM I?"
Every man has one vulnerable area.
Jackson grabbed Richard's aching arms. Jackson's fingers spoke pain and Richards muscles and bones listened.
Every man. Richard's his head was spinning like a top, EVERY MAN.
Jackson brought him closer, squeezing his body together.
If you ever get into a fight that you know you'll lose, a voice called to Richard, a pleasant, parental voice almost forgotten: it's ok to lose dirty.
Squeezing harder, squeezing, squeezing.
It's ok to lose dirty.
And so Richard did, bringing his foot up from the sand with as much strength as he could muster, he kicked Jumping Bat Jackson in the balls.
Squeezing. . .not squeezing. . .letting go. . .letting go. . .letting go.
Jackson's eyes bulged. He staggered slowly back, his hands went to his scrotum like burned hands to cold water. "Cheap shot, foul. . .foul," Jackson's high-pitched moan filled the area.
Richard saw his chance and went for the knife.

* * *

"No!" Butch Smith yelled as he released Jessica and climbed to his feet. He ripped through the sand, unsheathing his knife.
This puny little man could not interfere with his highway of death. Templin was supposed to die.
Butch was ten feet away and closed in on his target.
From the corner of Smith's eyes, he saw Jessica roll over and grab her knife. "Richard, look out!"

* * *

Richard dove for the knife lying in the sand. He landed with a jolt to his ribs which re-aggravated Jackson's blows. His hand touched the hilt of the knife.
Safety.
He turned, the knife in hand, only to see that Butch Smith was also diving.
Except Smith wasn't diving for the knife in his hands, he already had one.
And it was aimed at Richard's heart.
"RICHARD!" Jessica screamed again and started forward. 
Time slowed down so much it almost stopped. Butch Jackson was flying through the air like the huge birds in his dream. The knife was just one of its talons. The expression on Butch Smith's face overflowed with fury.
The frame moved ahead. Butch Jackson flying closer. The knife, closer. The impact, closer.
Richard brought his own knife around attempting to create a stake for Butch Smith to impale himself upon. At least then Richard wouldn't go down alone.
The frame moved ahead.  Butch Smith closer, knife closer, impact closer. Richard's knife was past his armpit, sticking out like an evil extra limb.
The heart, cover the heart! THE HEART.
The frame moved once more and the impact came. The sun briefly darkened and the sounds of the crashing tides were replaced with the sound of Butch Smith's knife sticking into . . .
Something.
Pain. Waiting for the pain.
The heart. Cover the heart. COVER THE FUCKING HEART. It was too late.
It took a long second to register what flesh Butch Smith's knife had violated. A long second for Richard and Smith to realize what happened. Both of their hot, sticky breaths followed the line of light the knife had carved to its destination; the sunlight's shiny reflection on the silver blade.
Drip. Drip. Drip. Richard realized something warm was dripping on him before he saw where Smith's knife had struck. Something warm and slick. Something like blood. At last they both saw where the knife had landed. Sixteen inches from its intended destination. Sixteen inches from Richard's heart, over the small hump of his left breast, and into—into—into—
Into the sand between Richard's arm and side. Drip, drip, drip, drip. The warm drip became a warm ooze.
Both sets of eyes turned to register the path of the other knife.
The other knife, the knife Richard had held, had struck its target.
It had struck, pierced, and lodged itself permanently in Butch Smith's right breast.
The warm oozing of Smith's blood started flowing and then spurting. Butch Smith's surprise transformed to shock.
Followed by horror.
A puddle of Smith's blood collected on Richard before he found the ability to do anything. He pushed Smith's shoulder. He shoved and rolled Smith's spurting bloody body off him.

* * *

Helpless, Butch Smith laid in a puddle of his own gore, blood running from the knife slot in his body.
He had failed the second crossing.
Or had he?
The second crossing had not been murder, it had been truth, and now the truth was finally clear.
Butch would never see his wife and child again because they had never disappeared. He saw them now, appearing in the dimming light. 
They had been the first ones he'd killed. As the darkness seized him, they waved goodbye.

* * *

Richard's corpse. At first Jessica thought Butch Smith's knife had kept to its path but then she realized that it was Smith instead, who had become the corpse. Butch Smith had been killed.
Frigid hands grabbed and forced her around.
She stood staring at the picture-perfect face of a thousand nightmare boogies.
Jumping Bat Jackson was back.

* * *

The Fearless Forenza had taken the coward's cheap shot way, and then pinned his tag-team partner while Bat went down from the foul. The son of a bitch, cheating bastard. The crowd was chanting Forenza's name. Why were they doing that? The crowd sounded like a loud wind. Couldn't the crowd see who had cheated? Were they that fucking blind?
And now he had the Fearless one's tag-team partner. He had the woman between his hands like a plastic model. He could snap her so easily.
The commissioner wants her alive. The commissioner.
Bat Jackson's remaining mind began to crumble and implode. The woman in front of him warped into a stranger. Someone he felt like he knew from somewhere before. Not a stranger. Someone he knew, not stranger, someone he knew, stranger, not stranger, knew, stranger, knew stranger—
"Who are you?" he asked the woman.
She brought the knife from her side and thrust it in his stomach.
"AHHHHHHHHHH!" He recoiled as she twisted the knife into his stomach, ripping flesh and intestines. He watched, astonished, too shocked to protect himself.
Blood started to pour from his innards, he felt the sharpest blow he'd ever been dealt pinch every pain nerve in his body. Incredible forces of pain from Forenza— 
(No, no, no! It wasn't Forenza.) 
It was Bat Jackson, this time, who howled in pain.
He staggered away from her, wailing, grasping at the knife with spasmodic hands, his blood making a dotted, red trail through the sand as his intestines started to unravel from his body.
He fell to his trembling knees, his blood flowing out of the gaping, torn hole. He put his hands on the hilt and tried to pull.
Wouldn't budge.
Bat looked down at his hands and saw they were freshly-painted red. He felt burning sensations all over his body. The white-hot pain of the knife was the center of the inferno.
He tried to speak something intelligible, but it came out as a garbled moan. A whimper filled with pain.
Jumping Bat Jackson's eyes darted in fear, as reality returned to him.
His wrestling days were long over. He was supposed to die, supposed to be killed by the government for his flesh crimes. Instead they sent him to this island prison where he could only wrestle in his mind.
He accepted the darkness. They'd been waiting for each other too long.

* * *

Jessica watched Bat Jackson topple to the beach, still holding his bleeding stomach. He looked up, sand clinging to his sweaty brow, and moaned one last time.
She left Bat and found Richard, also lying in pain, five feet from the Butch Smith's body. She knelt down and took his hand.
"Richard?"
His eyes fluttered. "Jessica."
"Are you all right? Anything broken?"
He started to force himself to his feet. Jessica guided him. He looked around, dizzy.
"I'm OK, bumps and bruises." He looked down at Jackson, shaking his head. "I don't think anything is broken."
"Jackson?" he asked. She led his eyes to the spot ten feet away where Bat Jackson lay dead.
"Oh my, what about you? How are you?"
"Physically I'm ok but I—" She started realizing what she had just done. It was at the corner of her mind that she'd stuck a knife in another human being. 
"Let's get the hell out of here," Richard said.
Richard took her hand and pointed to the ravine ahead.
She nodded, and they were on the run again. Very soon the sun began to bake the blood on the two convicts like some sinister batch of cookies.


CHAPTER 24

"We can stop now."
They had run through the ravine for ten minutes with Jessica failing to keep track which direction Richard led her. It began to seem like they were running in circles, a maze of green, brown, sand, rocks and dirt. She was comforted that Richard's knowledge of the side of the island had them moving somewhere with purpose.
Yet she had no clue where they were now. It seemed like after the attack Richard had given up the idea of heading to the caves.
They were in another swampy section of the island. Damp, mucky, muddy and thickly wooded. Crooked trees surrounded them, branches reached out like needy fingers. It was one of the few level spots on the island.
After a series of being unable to catch his breath, one of the few times she'd seen Richard tired, he said, "We're about a mile and a half northwest of the east beach."
"Still part of their side of the island?" She hoped not.
Another pant. "—Yes, we're still on the east side."
Jessica looked down at her hands and upon sight of blood she knew was not hers, she started vomiting. With each violent thrust she was trying to puke away the vision of the horrible act she'd committed. She couldn't get the image of shoving a knife inside another human being out of her head.
"Are you okay?" 
She shook her head, wiping remnant bile from her face. She tried to fight back crying. She couldn't break down and be weak. She needed to be strong.
"I killed another human being. I. . .killed."
She spat in her hands and wiped blood on her faded-red blouse. She rubbed, spat, rubbed, spat, but the blood would not come off.  Back in a world that seemed as far away as an alien planet she never would have spit on herself.
She put her bloodstained hands to her face and struggled against the urge to cry.
She felt warm fingers pull one of her hands away. She opened her eyes slowly and saw Richard's hopeful face.
"We'll make it," he said. "I won't let them take you."
She flashed him with a solemn, watery-eyed expression.
"That's better. You're too pretty for that crying stuff." Richard tried to smile but it came out pained-looking. "I'm starting to believe in something. Ever since they tossed me here I haven't had anything to believe in. Only survival. But now that you've come into my life I have something and someone to believe in. Thank you."
She wanted to smile back but the image of the knife and Bat Jackson's stomach spoiled the moment. Instead, she wiped away the dampness from her eyes. They stayed in this spot for a long time, holding each other.
Richard spent the major of the hour talking down her fears, comforting her best as he could. But even after an hour had passed and they needed to move on, she could not imagine ever being the same way again.
She was terrified of what the island was doing to her. She didn't belong here and yet the longer she stayed, the more the island had begun to welcome her.
"Before it gets dark again, we need to see what numbers we're up against, Jessica."
Jessica knew where Richard wanted to go. It was the last place on the island she ever wanted to see. The place Richard had told her to avoid since she washed ashore. How had he put it?
There are some wild animals on the east side of the island.
They headed toward the east camp.


CHAPTER 25

Seth Everson's one eye picked them up halfway to their destination.
His eye had been watching the invisible path of the wind, fervently hoping that it would lead him to them. Seth's father had once told him that if you could see the wind you could see anything. Seth had always thought his father was a corny bastard, and felt no pity when his father ran off to the west coast with his dim-witted mistress. And consequently, one month later, when he received news his father had frozen to death in a skiing mishap outside of Boulder, Colorado. But there was some truth to his father's quote. There must have been, because it was the wind that had led his eye to them.
The wind that was no longer invisible.
Since Roberts had ordered his eye poked out, Seth's sight had changed. Seth had been suicidal all last night, trying to figure out the ideal way to end his shattered life. Seth had gone through life with one true love—his eyes—and his love had been maimed. He wasn't sure if he could ever be the same. But somehow the longest night Seth experienced ended and he woke up changed.
He could see things with one eye that he could never see with two. He could see the wind's ethereal breath racing across the clear blue sky, smoothly swooping down upon the island. The wind's path moved like apparitions through a haunted house. Fluid motion gliding through the trees, squeezing through the shrubbery, crisscrossing to avoid jagged rocks and seeking the warmth of human flesh.
That seemed to be the wind's sole purpose, Seth decided, to touch humans. To touch the living was the dead's ultimate prospect.
Yes, the wind with all its mystery and splendor was dead. It had to be, because it had led Seth's one eye to two bodies that the wind knew well enough to be its own kind.
Two dead bloody bodies lying on the beach.
The wind had been fooled by the absence of life, a clever imitation of its own kind. Then it searched, hungry and rampant for human warmth.
For the one thing it was forever denied. And everywhere it searched, Seth's eye merrily followed.
Following led Seth to them.
They were moving at a slow pace through the ravine. The man from the west side of the island Seth barely knew over the years moved slower now. Richard Templin. He'd never much cared for Templin.
Sar liked Templin.
Burieibu. 

* * *

Late Summer 1994.
"Templin is brave," Sar said in Japanese, if Seth's translation was correct. Sar repeated the word that meant brave in Japanese: "Burieibu."
"Brave?" Seth repeated the word, this time in Japanese. "Burieibu. But is it brave or selfish to stay separate from our group?"
Ever the wiser man, Sar offered Seth a carrot to eat, a carrot he'd picked from the clearing near the cave where Templin lived alone. Sar said something loosely translated to mean "carrots are good for your eyes."
Seth was new to the island and Sar was one of the few to be nice to him. Kyle Roberts was sometimes too, but he was moody. He was the most organized and knowledgeable in the group. Seth felt comfortable going to Roberts when he had questions. Most in the group did. When Roberts realized Seth could speak a little Japanese, Kyle warmed up to him even more.
Sar was one of the few cons sent to the island that nobody knew exactly what crimes he'd committed. Murder was assumed. Most of the convicts were convicted murderers, but who had Sar murdered, if anyone? Seth had asked but Sar never wanted to talk about it. Sar was bothered talking about the past. About the only history he would talk about was living on the Izu islands and farming. 
Sar enjoyed taking Seth to the clearing, kneeling and showing him the tilled dirt with a wide grin. He'd say odd things about the dirt being the life of the island. Other men enjoyed tanning by the ocean or playing sand baseball while Sar enjoyed visiting the clearing and talking about the dirt.
Dirt was all Seth could see, but to Sar it meant much more. Seth couldn't explain—nobody could—how he had grown vegetables in the clearing without seeds. Most believed that Sar had somehow smuggled in seeds. That had to be what happened.  
Seth didn't realize this would be the last carrot anybody ever enjoyed from Sar's clearing.

* * *

Perhaps during the last conflict Templin had hurt himself? The woman stayed close to Templin with the wind at her back.
She can feel the wind too.
Or maybe she sensed Seth's one naked eye following the wind?
No. She was blind to the power of his eye. She neither understood or appreciated this power. It was his eye. 
Seth jumped down from his twelve-feet hiding spot in the tree to the muddy ground. His bare feet stuck slightly. He loosened them.
"Not yet," he told the greedy earth. "More for me to do."
He started after them, quietly humming an old nursery rhyme.
Someone in his life had sung that rhyme to him. It was a warm, pleasant voice in another place and time. He liked the song and it calmed him at night. He would think of the nursery rhyme before going to sleep.
But the peaceful, kind thoughts would turn dark. They always did.

* * *

They reached Roberts camp twenty minutes later. Jessica could feel the race of anticipation and fear nibbling at her arms. Richard made sure everything was clear, and led her into the place the death row convicts had called home. 
Robert's camp was a clearing on the island approximately 200x150. Scattered among the clearing were many ramshackle tree-branch forts, small 8x8 lairs with only enough room to keep out of the rain and feel the warmth of the campfire.
Stacked at one end of the camp were a bunch of green crates. The same type crates she'd seen that day being dropped from the sky. She did a quick scan and counted thirteen. So in eleven years the government had made a little more one drop per year. 
In the center there was a huge fort, made mostly with large, thick tree branches, insulated by palm fronds. It had to be Kyle Kollector Roberts' lair, for there were even makeshift holes for windows. Roberts' lair was perhaps five times the size as the other small dwellings, the most luxurious in a Gilligan's Island meets Adams Family structure way. Next to the cave, no other place on the island was better. Their campfire was a huge circle of rocks set up about ten feet from Roberts' lair.
There was something disgusting, something which might have been a human at one time, charred and black laying among the ashes.
"We'll start with the first lair," Richard took her hand, leading her through the camp.
The first lair was about twenty feet away and looked as empty as the whole camp. Richard was the first to kneel down and peer inside the home which reminded Jessica of a Boy Scout survival tent. After he took a look, it was her turn.
She quickly wished she hadn't.
The owner was still inside sleeping.
No, not sleeping. Dead.
A closer inspection revealed a knife pinning him to the ground, like an insect mounted on a board. His face had already begun to rot and decay, holes in his flesh like cigarette burns in cloth, displaying the corpse's internal tissues and organs.
Jessica became violently ill.
Richard dragged her, gagging and choking, out of the fort.
When she was able to go on, they went to the next one. And found another rotting, decaying convict. This one had a knife in his throat pinning him to the earth.
But worse, much worse were the black bugs—
(And now, here they are, BOBBY AND THE CRAWLERS!) 
—crawling in and out of chew holes in the man's cold, yellowing flesh.
Jessica started screaming, backpedaling out of the camp, screaming, falling to her knees, screaming.
Richard grabbed her mouth and silenced her. "No, Jessica, you'll tell the whole damn island we're here."
"I can't. Do. This." She shook her head. Trembling. Feeling ravenous black bugs lurking beneath her skin.
Richard grabbed her shoulders. "You don't have to look, but I must. We need to know what were up against."
We're up against hell.
"Wait here," he said. "I'll check the rest of the camp. Please don't scream any more though. You scream and we'll have company. We're back in here in part because this is the last place I figured they'd expect us to be."
"Y—Yes."
"I'll be right back."
"Please don't leave me in this terrible place." Jessica reached after him.
"I won't be long."
She didn't take her eyes off him as he searched the other forts. She counted them one at a time, up to seventeen total, including Roberts' fort. He returned with a disturbed look on his face. Whatever he'd seen wasn't expected.
"I'm going to leave something for Roberts and then we need to leave."
"This feels very wrong here. Please hurry." Jessica could taste bile in her throat.
Richard entered Roberts' lair while she waited outside, eyes darting around at all angles of the camp. It seemed like a cloud of evil floating outside the doorway to Kyle Kollector Roberts' island home.
"Hurry, Richard, please. I don't like it here." She was fearful that any second Roberts and more of his east island cohorts would be taking a lunch break at home. "Hurry."
Richard emerged with the disturbed look still on his face. He took her hand and they darted from the camp.
The wind and the shadow with one eye followed. 

* * *

About fifteen minutes later, Richard decided they'd put enough distance between them and the Roberts' camp. They were in a heavily wooded area with a vast amount of over and undergrowth.
"What's going on back there?" Jessica said, shivering.
"Roberts lied to us."
"About?"
"There aren't ten of them. . .anymore," he said with a deliberate, sullen tone. "Only five left."
"Five?"
"And I'm thinking two of those five are now lying dead on the northeast beach. So three of them left now, I think."
"I don't ever want to go back there."
"We won't." Richard gave a small, but unconvincing nod. "I promise we won't."
They both knew there were some promises that couldn't be kept.


CHAPTER 26

Sweat streamed like tears down Kyle Roberts cheeks as he dragged the second body, Bat Jackson, into camp.
He dragged Bat's body like Butch Smith's; holding him underneath the arms, naked feet painting a line across the sand and dirt. As he dragged the bodies, Kyle tried not to cloud his thoughts with the face of Richard Templin. But the face kept coming to him, a haunting set of quick snapshots: Templin at the beach: Templin in the cave. Templin screwing the woman. Templin running. Templin. TEMPLIN.
Templin.
Templin was responsible for this.
Kyle laid Bat Jackson's body inside the home the man had built, laid him flat on his back.
When the government had sent Kyle Roberts to the island this allowed him to create a final collection. The one masterpiece collection he'd been afraid to create in the woods for fear of discovery and capture. On the island his collection of humans was his most favorite.
Kyle Roberts had his own method of burial and had been burying his men like this for eight years. They had to have a burial ritual before becoming part of his human collection.
He would bury his men inside their own dwelling. If their knife was available—it almost always was—he'd pin them to the earth with it so they would never be disturbed. If the dead person's knife wasn't available, Kyle had a healthy supply of replacements. If their knife was a long blade, Kyle would impale them through the chest.
However, if it was a shorter one, he would stick it through their neck. And if, by some strange, unnatural act, their head was severed in the process—yes, it happened sometimes—the whole body would be roasted and the surviving men would have a grand feast.
Bat Jackson, the poor bastard, had never even taken his knife. It lay on his rock seat. Bat was a brave man and must have intended to take Templin with his bare hands. 
Bless you, Bat.  
Kyle picked up the knife, studying the length of the blade. He switched to viewing the chest and throat of the body beneath him. He opened Bat's eyelid and showed the dead man his knife.
"What do you think, Bat? Long enough?" Kyle inserted the knife into Bat's chest slowly, watching the flesh separate into wet, squishy folds. Deeper—deeper—deeper. . .
"I think it will make it, Bat."
. . .deeper. . .deeper. . .stop. Ground. Kyle looked at the two inches of blade that remained. He nodded, impressed, and pounded the knife into the ground with his fist.
The dead body spasmed with rigor mortis, then rested. Jumping Bat Jackson had been collected.
Kyle moved out of the camp and cursed the sun. The intense rays bored holes in his head, as if angry as Kyle over the terrible injustice of these two murders.
Templin, Templin was responsible.
Only Kyle was allowed to kill the convicts. Templin should have known the rules. He would have known them if Kyle had forced him to stay on their side of the island and to be part of their group. There were rules and Templin had violated the most sacred one: nobody harms but Kyle Roberts. Nobody collects except Kyle Roberts.
Kyle shook his fist at the boiling sun. "TEEEEEMMMMMPPPPLLLIIIIINNN!"
Kyle looked around the village and hollered: "Gomez, Edison, French. Get your asses up and fight. Bring me back the fucking bastard. Do you hear me? He kept a woman from us. TEMPLIN'S GOT A WOMAN."
Kyle knelt down and pounded the dirt. He started clawing it, dug in with such fury his fingernails tore back. Took handfuls of dirt and held them up to the sun.
"Templin did this: Templin's responsible for this! Hill! Forester! GET UP AND FIGHT HIM. HE'S GOT A WOMAN! A WOMAN! A WOMAN!"
Gomez, Edison, French, Hill and Forester didn't speak from their collected spots, pinned and rotting inside their forts.
Tears rolled in streams from his eyes. At last Kyle Roberts repeated softly: "A woman."

* * *

A harsh wind blew some of the dirt from his now-bleeding fingertips.
After a long time he stood. His moment of sorrow and rage was over. Now, he knew he must think of a next plan of attack. He'd never believed it would last as long as it had. There had been others who tested him on the island. Gomez had been the first. He was trying to get a gang of Mexicans together and go form their own camp. Templin had done it, so why not Gomez?
Kyle remembered offering to help Gomez chart out a good camping spot. And when Gomez was turned Roberts stuck him in the spine.
When Roberts returned with Gomez head on a stick he told the other Mexican cons: "There is only one gang and one camp on this island. If you cross me your head will end up on a stick too." 
Edison challenged Kyle on the spot and Roberts easily killed him. French, the only other Mexican on the island, said he didn't want to fight. But later that night, Kyle Roberts slit French's throat when he slept.
After that there was no more talk about forming separate gangs. This wasn't normal prison life. This was their own private wilderness death row and Kyle was both inmate and warden.
"No," Kyle muttered to himself, disbelieving that Templin had been allowed island freedom that none of the other cons had experienced. And how did Templin repay him? A woman washes ashore and he tried to keep her to himself.

* * *

Fifteen minutes later, Walkins thrashed through the ravine toward Roberts. He was still standing in the middle of the camp surrounded by his human collection. His eyes were still peering up at the sun. He was still thinking of ways to enact suitable revenge. Thinking about his opponent.
TEMPLIN.
"Kyle," Walkins said again. Roberts looked down from the sun and at the approaching figure.
"You better have good news."
"I do." Walkins nodded.
Kyle's eyebrows rose. "Talk to me."
"I ran into Seth while searching for them. We've got them now. He's been watching them and says they are still circling, but slowing down. Should we jump them now?"
Kyle made a fist. A smile surfaced on his wind-blistered lips. "No, not yet."
Walkins looked surprised.
Kyle laughed. "Return to Seth and keep watching them. Follow them until they camp for the night. When Templin goes to sleep, he has to sooner or later, come get me. I'll be here, waiting."
"But wouldn't—"
Problem child.
Walkins must have seen the cold look in Kyle's eyes. He didn't push.
"When that son of a bitch sleeps, we'll take the woman. Then we won't have to find him. He'll find us." Kyle began to laugh.
"I like that." Walkins started laughing too.
Kyle added, darkly serious: "And when Templin comes to us, we'll torture him like no man has ever been tortured. Punishment for his selfish actions and for what he did to Bat and Butch. C is for Celebration."
Kyle waited excitedly for night to fall.

* * *

"Richard?" she said.
He looked up. "Yes?"
"You're forgiven."
"For what?"
She smirked.  "Come on, you know what I mean."
"No, I don't really know what you're talk—"
Her eyes caught his. Fires burned in day skies.
"Hitting you?" he pointed at his chest, disbelieving.
"Yes," she said, "few men would have done for me what you have here. You've saved my life, cheered me up during the bad times. You've made this situation almost. . .bearable."
He studied her eyes. She hoped that sounded like a compliment, because it was. The best compliment.
And then they leaned toward each other again. Closer, closer and instead, Richard reached over and stroked Jessica's shoulder.
"Thank you, that means a lot," Richard said. "We better get going. It will be dark soon."
She nodded and they were on their way again. The ravine opened up like a mouth and swallowed them.

* * *

When Kyle saw the message written on the dirt floor his anger toward Templin intensified.
Templin's handiwork. He was taunting him now. COCKY SON OF A BITCH!
Kyle Roberts hands started to tremble as he read the message. When he finished, he ran out to the camp and screamed Templin's name. Screamed warning to Templin that he would not die, never die, not until every last means of torture was borne upon him.
He looked down and read it once again, something boiling inside him as his lips moved:

Two presents for your collection, you sadistic bastard. This isn't about the woman, it's between you and I.  We've been headed for a showdown since the day we got here but it took Jessica washing ashore to make me realize that fighting YOU is the only way to escape this island prison. Game on, fucker!

He shredded the paper. The words were engraved on his brain.
COCKY SON OF A BITCH!
Oh, but Templin's time was coming. Oh, yes.
Soon.


CHAPTER 27

Night came without conflict.
They had circled the island for several hours at a brisk pace, keeping close to the shoreline. She watched the sun slide across the horizon, from overhead, to way off in the distance, to the spot where it sank into the ocean.
The moon rose.
Tonight a full moon.
She gripped her new weapon, the switchblade, like a good friend. Richard had offered her Bobby's knife instead and she politely declined. The thought of using a dead man's knife felt wrong.
The wrestler, she reminded herself, I killed Jumping Bat Jackson the wrestler. Killed with the same hands that once shined with beautifully manicured nails. The same hands that held her multi-millionaire husband on the covers of countless magazines, newspapers and yes, even scandal sheets. 
And some perverse humor struck her if the paparazzi could see her now. See her with these same hands that once spoke of youth and innocence, but now spoke of horrific surroundings.
She was a killer. The headline: RICH MOGUL'S WIFE KILLS INSANE WRESTLER ON FISH-STINKING BEACH. And perhaps a follow-up headline: JUST LOOK AT HER HAIR.
 No. She had no choice. It was self-defense. If she hadn't killed the wrestler, he would have done her worse.
Surrendered her to Kyle Kollector Roberts.
She thought of how her life had been transformed over the last two months. Not transformed, more like dissembled and destroyed. She was no longer Jessica Stanton, wife of rich mogul Edward Stanton, and knew she never would be again. The island had stolen her life like the others. The world probably believed she was dead. It had changed Jessica, broken down the plaster walls that money had surrounded her with. Here, she was forced to show her independence. There was Richard, and he was a godsend, but he didn't pamper her like the servants back at the mansion. Jessica had never, in fact, felt more independent than the day she washed ashore. The irony was that it was liberating.
Before Edward there had been Ron, who was the 'just there' guy; he was boring. But hey, he was a lawyer and Jessica's mother had been adamant about which profession her spouse should be in (anything in the six-digit income bracket would suffice). 
She had married Ron right out of college, which had made her four-year stay an absolute waste. She had majored in journalism and was interested in TV, radio, or working as a reporter.
She loved kids but she didn't think she'd ever get the chance to have any. Ron had been fixed and Edward's low sperm count couldn't be fixed.
Things between Ron and her crumbled not long after the newlywed newness wore off. Edward found an interest in her almost the next day, and in five months their marriage was in the works. The island was the one missing piece in her jigsaw puzzle life. Independence. Here, on the island, there were no helping hands. The island had forced her to face fate in its own haunting, mysterious way. 
Sooner or later she had to recognize herself, not Edward Stanton's or Ron Nesbit's wife, or even the daughter of Frank and Elizabeth Snow. The island was responsible for all this, and probably much more than she understood or imagined. This place had become her destiny too. Everyone who had come to the island, she realized with stunning clarity, had been forced to face their true selves. Was that the punishment the government deemed worse than death? Recognizing the deepest, darkest part of your inner being?
And for most of the participants it was.

* * *

Richard stopped the circling by tugging her hand. She looked around and saw only darkness. The surrounding ravine was barely illuminated by the fat, full moon lying up in the sky.
"Are you ready to get a little sleep?"
"No way," she replied.
"No way?"
"You're the one who needs sleep, Richard. You didn't get any last night, and with all that's happened today. . ."  
"So now you're my mother?"
"I'd like to hear about your mother. You don't talk about your family."
"We went through that. You are the only one on the island with any family, Jessica."
"Come on, you must have somebody back there? Somebody back in the states you'd go see if you could?"
Richard thought about that for a minute. "Pete Jones."
"Who's that?"
"Good friend in high school. He wasn't at the party that night I got in trouble. He told me not to go, actually. I should have gone over to his house and listened to Skynyrd records instead." Richard circled their surroundings with a pointing finger. "Freebird, my ass."
They both listened to the waves crashing in the distance. Both wondered where their three stalkers were. If they were close, far, or had given up for the night? 
"Go ahead and sleep." Jessica pointed at the dirt again.  "I'll be okay. I've got my switchblade." 
"Rich woman with switchblade. A killer combination."
"Now if only I had my high heels?"
"You're sure about me sleeping? I could use some."
 "Yes, get to it. It will make me feel much better knowing I'm not Rich Woman With Switchblade Traveling With Zombie."
 Richard laid down. "OK. I don't think they're out there, Jessica. It's too dark here at night. You're standing less than five feet from me and I can barely see you."
"Sleep, Richard. For your own good."
Richard didn't reply for almost a minute, and she wondered if he had fallen asleep that quickly.
"Were you serious earlier, Jessica? Did you really mean that you've forgiven me?"
She moved in and kissed his cheek."Yes."
He reached out and gently squeezed her hand.
"I'll only sleep a few. . . hours," he said and drifted away.
 When he started snoring, she pulled his hand to her lips and kissed it: "Goodnight, Richard."

* * *

 "Sleeping?" Kyle stood up from the crackling campfire. Sweeter words he hadn't heard in awhile. "I'm going this time to make sure it doesn't get fucked up. I'll take the woman, you and Seth make damn sure Templin doesn't follow."
"Kill him?" Walkins asked.
"Just make him. . .uncomfortable. I want him to come to me for her."
Walkins enjoyed the plan.
"As soon as you're finished with Templin, follow me back here."
Walkins nodded.
Kyle put a cold finger on Walkins' soiled, bare chest.
"But if this thing falls through. . ."
"Nothing will go wrong. They don't suspect a thing." 
Kyle wasn't as confident. "We'll see."

* * *

In another time, there had been Sherry.
Sherry and he had been together first. They'd met in eighth grade at a school dance and almost immediately fallen for each other. At that age, their parents called the relationship "puppy love" (Richard's father coined it, "just a cherry-bust"), but to the young lovers, it was much more. Richard and Sherry had caught the arrow, yet neither of them would know it until it was over.
They were a typical teenage couple they went everywhere together, scrawling their names on each other's notebooks (Richard carved her name on the inside of his locker), everything was smooth until the tenth grade.
Until Sherry showed her real self. It took two years for it to happen, but when it did, it came in full force. Over a few weekends, she two-timed Richard a half-dozen times. Richard never understood why Sherry acted that way, and in the next two years, it went unexplained. She gave him excuses but never answers.
Through his dreams, Richard was assaulted by pictures, fragments and memories of Sherry. She had been his world.
And now there was Jessica. Jessica was not Sherry but she represented what he had wanted Sherry to be. Jessica seemed like the one woman in his life that he could at last depend on.
Not his mother. Jessica had wanted to know about his mother but the story there was too dark and disappointing for Richard to delve into.
Richard knew it was Sherry he meant to hit, not Jessica, and all the guilt that had ever existed stemmed from his relationship with Sherry.
In another time, Richard Templin stirred in his sleep.

* * *

Jessica couldn't hear anything but crashing waves.  No wind, no rattling tree branches, only crashing upon crashing waves. The island was unusually quiet.
They haven't given up yet. They aren't done searching for us.
A different sound startled her.
The crack of twigs. Footsteps approaching.
Jessica bent down and started to shake Richard. He stirred but didn't wake.  She paused, straining to hear it again, just once more, and there were no twigs breaking or footsteps. Her ears were playing sound games with her head. Richard turned over and snored.
The waves crashed again.
Imagination.
Five minutes passed of staring into the darkness. She realized that all along this had been what she'd been so afraid of: night alone in the twisting ravine. Even though she wasn't alone, Richard wasn't able to tell her that she was only hearing "night sounds." Her immediate protection, the switchblade, was clutched with bone-white knuckles in her hand.
She tried to take her mind off the darkness and think of something else. Perhaps a song.
Ninety-nine bottles of beer on the wall, ninety-nine. . .
Wrong song.
She tried to think of Skynyrd songs since that was the last music Richard mentioned but the song titles held disturbing ties to events on the island. Tuesday's Gone was a reminder of every day being gone and time having no meaning on the island. That Smell reminded her of Butch Smith smothering her while Richard fought the wrestler. 
So she left Skynyrd and went back to counting bottles of beer.
She reached ninety bottles of beer and stopped. She could have used those nine bottles of beer right then. Oh how smoothly they would have gone down. Nine bottles of beer for a lady her size would have numbed her senses. Now that's what she needed because when you weren't sober you didn't worry.
You didn't get scared.
Different song. Sing a different song . . .
She stopped, caught in her own confusion, because she could not think of the opening words to even one other song.
Except Jingle Bells, but Christmas Music was less appropriate than the bottles of beer.
So she gave up the singing and started to count something more ridiculous: sheep. 
But that's supposed to make you sleepy, you don't want to be sleepy, 'cause if you're sleepy you dream, if you dream, you have nightmares, and if you have nightmares. . .
She passed on the sheep. It was never sheep, anyway, that she counted to force herself to sleep. It was rocks, wasn't it? Rocks, in her opinion, had to be the most boring things on earth.
Another twig cracked. And another.
Another.
Branches gave way and opened toward her. Startled, she dropped her weapon.
Hands. Terror. HANDS.
The hands found their mark.
A hand on her throat.
A hand on her mouth.
Hot breath on her neck.
She was being dragged away when she finally started screaming, the sound muffled in her captor's hand covering her mouth.

* * *

In his dream he was once again being seized by huge birds. However, this time, the birds appeared much more vividly. They were huge eagles with fiery red eyes and sharp hooked beaks, their fur silky and stiff. The eagle's talons dug into his flesh, gripped like barbed wire, promising pain if he attempted struggle.
But he didn't struggle because he knew where they were taking him.
Paradise. 
The eagles carried him up, up, and away toward paradise in the blue skies. He could feel the wind blowing colder as the eagles carried him higher. One eagle carried his arms while the other concentrated on his legs. A movie he'd watched as a kid, The Wizard of Oz, the scene where the monkeys with creepy, flapping wings carried off Dorothy and her friends.
But they weren't carried off to paradise.
And he wasn't either.
Richard began to feel fear, coupled with pain from the talons digging into the flesh beneath his wrists and below his knees. Penetrating with the ease of a knife through raw meat, four hooked ice-picks secured his frightened body.
"Where are you taking me?" he screamed but the birds ignored. They kept flying him closer and closer to something. He sensed it wasn't a where, it was a thing.
The skies surrounding him began to darken.
He never thought to wake up. A stupid thing too, because at that moment Jessica was being dragged away and he was about to be attacked.
The skies blackened. Richard couldn't see the eagles any longer. He didn't feel their talons in his skin.

* * *

Now Richard was in a crowded room with a party going full bore. 
Mary Ellen Brubet was bragging about having the biggest tits on campus. Roy Shyler was telling his bored girlfriend about his grand slam last year. Paul Franklin was trying everything to get laid by the only girl in the room who hadn't turned him down. Billy Zebosky was leaning under the half-barrel, tapping it into his mouth like a drinking faucet.
Several others with faces he didn't recognize were puking. His own Sherry was somewhere, probably two-timing him again. The house was trashed with empty and partially-full beer and whiskey bottles, magazines, books and people sprawled everywhere like memories of a fierce battle. Drugs were going strong in one corner: pot, coke, barbs, someone was even riding the rocket.
And he was in the other corner nearest the door with three others admiring it: the homeowner's sleek .357.
It was a clean machine.
A sharp machine.
A death machine.
Before Richard could stop the nightmare from reeling fast forward, from plunging him into the real horror, some fool opened the front door.
And there stood a dozen uniformed men in blue.
Willy Parker, the only kid more stoned than him, freaked, snatched the gun and started shooting. Firing all over the place.
"NO, YOU CRAZY FUCKER! NO! DON'T SHOOOOOOOOOOTTTTT!" Screaming everywhere.
"STOP YOU FUCKING IDIOT! STOP SHHHHHHOOOOOTTTTINNNGGG!"
Richard wrestled for the gun, but was too late, because the death machine had already claimed two lives. Followed by a third when he tried to grab the gun.
Gunfire from the police. More screams.
Richard was holding the .357 Magnum. And something else.
A heathly chunk of Willy Parker's brain.
"DROP IT OR YOU'RE DEAD!" a voice screamed over the flurry.
He dropped it. Searched for words. Faltered. Suddenly something that hadn't happened then happened now.
A man with one eye came rocketing through the doorway, brandishing a long buck knife.
Standing in front of him.
Glaring.
"You did this to me." the man pointed to his poked-out eye, the flesh flapping and useless.
When Richard realized what was happening he started screaming, his blood turned into icy mountain water.
The man with one eye was not a dream, nor was the long buck knife that he jammed into Richard's leg.


CHAPTER 28

Two nightmares merged.
Jessica was being dragged away by Kyle Roberts while the man with one eye stood over him along with his partner. Their faces were lit by torch. He knew both. Seth Everson glared with one eye while Donald Walkins used both. Their eyes moved to the knife wedged in Richard's leg like an axe in a chopping block. Blood was starting to gush fountain-like from the wound.
The pain hit him sudden and sharp. He fought it, but the pain was incredible, imitating the feeling of someone standing over his leg sawing into the bone, through the bone, sawing, sawing and sawing.
"You did this to me, you cocksucker!" Seth ground the knife further into Richard's leg. Walkins grabbed Richard like a rag doll, bent his arms behind his back and held him while the one-eyed man landed a fist to his solar-plexus.
"OOFF!" was the sound emitted from Richard's lips. Too much pain. Sawing, oh, the  sawing.
"Richard!" Jessica voice faded, legs kicking bushes as the darkness swallowed her.
"Jessica!" he returned the call.
Seth took another fierce punch, this time a left cross to the chest. The air escaped from Richard like a popped balloon.
His whole leg was numb, only feeling the warmth of his blood flowing rapidly down his ankle.
"You're a lucky sumbitch, Templin," Walkins said, shooting foul breath in his ear. "Lucky that Roberts wants you alive, or Seth and I would carve you right here."
"YOU DID THIS TO ME!" Seth screamed, punching Richard in the face.
Richard hung barely to consciousness.
"Seth don't like you much, Templin." Walkins chuckled. "Thinks you're a punching bag."
"Bastards," Richard gasped, feeling the light and dark. Everything started spinning.
The sawing bone feeling in his leg continued and then Seth yanked out the knife.
"Better stop the bleeding, Seth." Walkins suggested. "Stick him with the torch."
The sawing turned to burning. His leg was a raging fire. The smell of scorched flesh rose instantly to his nostrils and gagged him.
The two men cheered over Richard's pain.
Pain. The pain.
"I'm supposed to give you this message," Walkins said, twisting his arm behind his back. "Roberts is waiting for you."
Walkins threw Richard to the ground and he reached for his throbbing leg.
"Let's get back," Walkins told Seth, "I can't wait to fuck that bitch."
No . . . no—NO! Richard tried to rise, but the second he moved, Walkins spun around with a right hook and sent him back to dreamland.

* * *

Kyle Roberts licked his lips as he dragged Jessica.
"Let me go, please" Jessica cried, pounded him with her fists. Kyle didn't say anything while dragging her. He was too excited by how easy capturing her had been. 
There were two ten-foot branch-poles sticking out of the ground next to the campfire that she hadn't seen there earlier today.
Roberts dragged her to the poles and started tying her hands.  She struggled, flailed and tried to kick for groin like Richard had done to Bat Jackson but kept missing. Roberts kept that vulnerable spot of his anatomy out of reach.
"Why are you doing this? Please, don't."
He had her wrists tied, spread eagle, one to each pole, and was working on the legs.
"Why are you doing this?"
He fastened her right leg first, then left, leaving the knots so tight the rope burned her flesh.
"WHY—"
"Be quiet," Kyle said at last, and came from behind her and peered into her face.
For the first time she saw what Kyle Roberts looked like and gasped.
His face looked burned. Huge zits waited to be popped on a face so pale a red it was almost violet. His eyes lay beneath two of the bigger bubbles (acne? warts?) darkly green, depthless eyes. His nose was all wrong, barely a visible lump beneath the outlandish, bubbling flesh. A couple of black scabs marked each cheek like Wrangler brandings on a pair of jeans. His mouth was completely toothless and his breath was foul.
"Welcome, my name is Kyle Roberts. What's yours?"
"J—Jessica."
 "Nice to meet you, Jessica. You've been here awhile it seems and, no thanks to Richie, haven't stopped by. What do you think of my home?"
"Please let me go, I don't belong here."
"Now, now. If you didn't belong here," he ran a finger up and down her cheek, "then you wouldn't be here right now."
She spit in his face.
He slapped her.
"I don't care how you acted on Richie's side of the island. But now that you are over here, you'll learn that there is a proper way to behave. You will learn real fast to respect me. Understand?"
Her eyes widened.
Kyle Roberts walked over to the fire and removed a torch. He turned and waved the torch in front of her, the hot dancing flames reaching close enough to sting her flesh.
"Now there are some basic rules over here for you to learn. Rule number one: there is no escape. Rule number two: you serve at my pleasure." 
You serve at my pleasure.
"Look, maybe we can work something out."
"I'm sure over time we will work a lot of things out. You women are all the same. You want to try and do things for us. As if doing anything for us changes what you do to us. We are the hunters, Jessica and you are nothing but tagging along and getting in the way."
"Richard taught me to take care of myself on this island."
"Richie taught you how to get caught. If you had been over here you would never have been caught so easily. I guess you washed on the wrong shore."
"Please, don't."
"Oh, I will do everything you're thinking and more. No wonder Richie so greatly appreciates your company. It's really too bad, he'll never have it again."
She struggled against the ropes.
"Actually, he will have your company again. You see, my pretty one, of all the things Richie being predictable stands at the top of the pile. He will try to come here and rescue you."
She couldn't stop herself from speaking her thoughts. "You make me ill."
He didn't slap her this time.
He brought the torch up to her bare leg and burned her instead.
The white-hot sensation struck pain centers in her brain. She flashed back on a time when she'd touched the stove burner when it was bright red, burning small round welts on her palm. The pain had been bad before, but the pain of fire, a raging yellow-red flame on the flesh of her calf stung worse.
Roberts held the torch on her calf long enough to bring several sand-dollar blisters. He smiled satisfied, and withdrew the torch.  
"I don't want to hurt you," Roberts lied, "but if you insist upon having outbursts like that. . ."
The thirteen college girls, she remembered Richard telling her that he killed, cut them into tiny pieces and burned or scattered them in the woods.
"I can see from the look in your eyes, you know I speak the truth." He moved forward and—with the hand not holding the torch squeezed her breasts with cold sensitivity.
"Nice tits."
"Bastard," she murmured.
"Pardon me?" He stopped squeezing and twisted instead. The pain from his grip replaced the recurrent stinging of her burned calf.
"Please don't do this."
He stopped hurting her. She breathed once again as the pain in her breasts dissipated, only to reignite the pain in her calf. The pain which seemed to diffuse, up to her knee.
Butchered. HE BUTCHERED THEM.
At that moment, two men came to the camp a large, husky man with a beard, and a thin-figured man with black, greasy hair, and a gruesome, poked-out eye.
"All taken care off," the husky man said
"Nice work," Roberts handed the torch to the man with one-eye. He cupped his hands as if he were making a snowball.
Or was maybe nervous? Nervous that Richard wasn't as predictable as Roberts believed?
Jessica wouldn't describe Richard as predictable. And then she remembered Richard saying he had something to show her. She hoped it was something that would help him rescue her.
Don't let that be another lie, Richard.
Roberts told the two men something she couldn't quite hear, but recognized the tone as being an order of some kind. They went away into the dark night, and once again Roberts and she were alone.
"Oh how rude of me, Jessica. I didn't introduce you to Donald Walkins and our recently one-eyed friend, Seth Everson. Mr. Walkins had to put out that eye when Seth crossed me. You see, crossing me is a bad, bad thing." 
He showed Jessica an odd, toothless smile. He put his index finger—
(Dozens of tiny black bugs crawled through their masters fingertips, crawled down her shirt, crawled over and under and down her breasts.)
—on her neck. He caressed it without affection or love. More like appreciation.
"I won't hurt you," he lied again, and then he expanded the lie: "I will never hurt you." She wondered if that's what he told those thirteen college girls.
She tried to look away, but he forced her to gaze at him. "Maybe I should tell you about a girl who wore a butterfly scarf? You remind me a little bit of Stacy."
The fire crackled, pleased.


CHAPTER 29

In the bushes near Robert's camp, Walkins saw a ghost.
"Randy? Man, you're back?"
 "Yep, Walker." 
Randy never could get his name right, it was Walkins, not Walker. "And I haven't changed a bit, either."
Don Walkins nodded. Randy and he had once been best friends, until a tragic motorcycle accident peeled most the skin from his body. Randy died in Walkins' arms moaning, whimpering and hallucinating at the end. And the last time Walkins had seen him, the night of the shootout, he'd looked the same way: a lobster-like monstrosity with bright white eyes.
"Jesus, man, shouldn't you be somewhere else?"
"Is that how you greet a friend? Hey, I had to walk through hell to get here."
Walkins wondered if a pun was intended. "Fuck no! It's great seeing you, man. What do you think of this place?"
"Bummer. But that chick? Wow, good stuff."
"Yeah, but she's," Walkins couldn't face his friend, "not mine."
"Hey, are you getting pussified on me, again? I came to tell you something: it's time."
"Again?"
"You don't have to be so brutal this time."
"Who?"
"You know who, dummy."
Walkins did. "He really is some kind of bastard."
"That, he is." Randy nodded, scratching a piece of meat near his chin.	It fell off, landed somewhere in the dirt and vanished before both of their eyes.
"Randy, man, I'm not crazy, am I? I mean, I'm not cracking up, right?"
"No way."
"Good. For a second, I was worried."
"I guess I better be going," Randy said, "but do me a little favor, will ya?"
"Sure, anything."
"Bang that chick for me. That ass of hers. . .ow! Ow! Good stuff."
Randy disappeared.

* * *

Walkins stood staring, his torch brightly illuminating the dark ravine. Would he ever see Randy again?
He hoped someday he would.
Walkins unsheathed his knife.
For eight long years he'd taken orders, taken lives and taken shit he didn't believe in.
It was his turn to take something.


CHAPTER 30

I'll be waiting for you.
Richard jolted awake. Beside him lay the knife that had carved a hole in his leg. The pain was dull and aching but he could suffer through it.
He had to get to the east side of the island. Jessica was in trouble and he didn't want to think how long it would take for Kyle Roberts to violate her in ways she never even imagined.
He struggled to his feet, trying to ignore the pain. He reached down and grabbed the knife.
"I'm coming, Jessica," he said several times while Kyle Roberts' cold voice replied.
Waiting for you.
"Don't touch her, you bastard."
Richard hobbled toward the camp as fast as his injured leg would allow.

* * *

"I'd like to play a game, Jessica." Kyle said, approaching and winking his left eye. "I think you've realized by now that I enjoy sports."
Thirteen college girls.
"What I have in mind doesn't involve your mind. Are you curious?"
"N—No." She shuddered.
"Oh, that was absolutely perfect! That's the word I want you to moan for me."
"J—Just let me go. Why can't Richard and I stay on the other side of the island and you can keep your—"
"He had his side of the island," Roberts snapped, "and when he came upon you, my pretty one, he didn't share."
"Maybe because he understands I'm not a slave, I'm not property."
"All these years I've shared this island with him." Kyle reached out and grabbed her neck.
"Y—You said you wouldn't hurt me."
"All these years he wouldn't be part of our group." His grip tightened.
"Please—let—me—go."
"I've waited for . . ."
"Don't—please—choking—don't—"
He let go of her neck. "Yes, my pretty one. It's time to play together."
She tried to distract him by being hysterical: "Please, I never asked to come here—"
"No," he whispered and began to stroke her legs, spread before him.  He grabbed her neck again. The rage in his eyes was replaced with wanton lust. "But a pretty woman like you asks for this. . ."
Her eyes involuntarily slid down to his swelling erection. She shuddered.
He reached with cold hands up her red blouse and up her thigh.
Up—up—up!
He touched her vagina and smiled.
"Dry," he said, still whispering.
Jessica saw the savage look in Kyle's eyes that had been in Bobby's. A look which conveyed the lack of sex for years. A serial rapist's sexual hunger.
She remembered reading stories of how he'd raped the college girls before killing them. And the story of the one young woman, Amanda Worley, who escaped being killed but not being raped. None of Roberts' female victims escaped being raped.
"Dry," he said again, playing with her vaginal lips. Thrusting his finger up inside her with rough, awkward motions. He played inside her with two, three and four fingers.
The nausea rose in her throat. She couldn't hold it back this time. But she didn't retch, she begged him to stop.
"Dry," he said again and again with a chilling tone. Dry. But her insides weren't dry, not anymore, they were starting to moisten. She thought of pissing herself if he raped her. She thought of his fingers as the heads of serpents probing inside her.
He withdrew his fingers, smiling sensually. He guided his penis, maneuvered it in place and started thrusting inside her.
"Please, no, stop, no, stop. . ."
His eyes rolled back in his head. After a few short thrusts he came. 
"Couldn't wait. Too good my pretty one. Too good. "
"No. . ." Jessica said, sobbing.
"Enough!" someone yelled.
"Stop, goddammit."
Richard? She hoped, turning to see who was there.
Not Richard.

* * *

He thought for sure it was Templin but it was not. The problem child.
"Can't you follow fucking orders?" Kyle shouted, marching toward Walkins who stood rigid ten feet away. "I told you to leave us alone."
"No, Kyle. It's my turn." Walkins voice was cold, foreboding. Roberts kept marching closer until he saw the glint of Walkins knife.
"I've had enough of your bullshit orders," Walkins said. "Come any closer, Kyle, and I'll cut you."
Problem child, Kyle's mind reeled, PROBLEM PROBLEM PROBLEM CHILD.
"I can see you ain't listening to me. Doesn't matter because I ain't taking your BS orders any more. I'm going to be giving them from now on."
"So, this is your big stand, little man?"
"I'm not like the rest, Kyle. I know who I am, where I've been sent and who you are. I'm Don Walkins from Detroit, and you best know that I could carve you up inside of five seconds, and will, if you step one more inch towards me."
"If you're not like the others then you know what happened to those who tried me, don't you?"
"I should have done what Templin did and gone solo. I didn't belong in this camp any more than him. Or maybe have teamed with the Mexicans, they had the right idea too."
"I'm going to give you thirty seconds—"
"You ain't giving me shit, Kyle! I ain't playing fucking games!" 
PROBLEM CHILD PROBLEM CHILD PROBLEM CHILD PROBLEM—
"If you really want to die—"
"No more games!" Walkins was shaking, his face red. He was clearly breaking down. "This is my home, not yours, not Templin's, not anyone else's. She's mine too. I'm taking her with me."
Kyle Roberts laughed heartily.
"Come on, little man. Let's get this over here and now. Come get some."
PROBLEMCHILDPROBLEMCHILD!
Kyle drew his knife and gestured with his other finger. "C is for Crowd. The crowd is cheering you on, problem child."
It didn't last long.

* * *

Exhausted, Richard reached the camp. In time to see the fight commence in one corner and Jessica in the other, nearest the campfire, slumped over with her arms and legs tied to two poles with a zombie-like expression.
You bastard, Roberts.  As he drew closer he realized it was Walkins and Roberts fighting. Seth Everson didn't appear in the camp at the moment.
Neither of the battling men noticed Richard as he limped across the camp to the spot where Jessica was tied up.
He heard both men shouting obscenities at each other.
Two lunatics raging for order. Walkins yelped in pain. Roberts growled.
Richard lifted Jessica's head and put his finger on her lips, "Shhhh." 
He cut her down and started to half-drag, half-carry her out of the camp. He got to the edge of the ramp and only turned back once.
But once was all it took to see the winner of the fight standing over the slain, repeatedly kicking the dead body with sadistic glory screaming: "C is for Chaos! C is for Chaos!"
Despite the pains in his leg he drag-carried Jessica through the ravine and away into the night.


CHAPTER 31

The fire was dying to be fed.
He dragged the bloody body by its legs and dropped it in the blaze. The flames caught the ragged clothing and quickly melted to Donald Walkins' body. In seconds the foul smell of burning flesh swept across the camp.
Roberts watched the defeated face of Walkins melt into an ash-gray skeleton. A complete sizzling meltdown taking the thinnest flesh first: eyes, nose and mouth exposing a red tongue which quickly blackened and burned off. Soon Kyle was staring at a biology textbook skeleton, the scary white fleshless thing on Halloween, the new Donald Walkins.
The very dead Donald Walkins.
"Burn bastard, burn!" Roberts raised a fist high in the air. "Burn until your nothing but cinders and ashes. Burn."
And with the fire growing hotter, hungrier, Walkins' flesh obliged.
When at last the fire began to die down, Kyle turned and stared at the black ravine surrounding the camp.
Templin had stolen Jessica back and was wounded out there. He couldn't go far.
Too dark. The coward will hide under the darkness.
DAMN YOU, WALKINS!
Where was Seth?
Seth would report back. Seth was not a problem child. Seth knew who was in charge and how to treat him. Soon Seth would return.
There was no escape. On his island nobody escaped. He had wasted too much time today and missed opportunities to have Templin killed. No more playing around.
Kyle sat down on the dirt and watched the burning body in the fire. Nightmare visions danced in his dark green eyes.
He waited for Seth to return, grinding a knife into the ground.

* * *

Jessica wanted to go back to the southwest beach where she'd first been found. The trip with Richard's leg was a slow one, but they made it about an hour later. Richard kept asking her what happened and all she would say was: "The southwest beach."
When she saw the beach she washed in on under light of a full moon, she raced out into the cold ocean tide. Before she knew it she was waste deep in the ocean. Under the water she tried to scrub Kyle Roberts filth out of her. As if she had a stubborn stain inside her flesh-cloth.
"Why?" She beat the top of the water with fists. Why had the ocean decided to spare her? What was she supposed to do? She was devastated that Kyle Roberts had violated her body.  He had collected something from her that didn't belong to him. Now she felt anger rise inside her that scared her. She wanted to march back into that camp and do monstrous things to Kyle Roberts.
She was scared of what the island had made her become.
A wave approached and crashed over her head.
Go ahead, take me back out there. Reclaim me. Do it. I dare you.
Underwater, she opened her eyes.

* * *

Two months ago.
"Can I get you something to drink?" Edward Stanton asked.
"My 7-up is fine." Jessica replied.
"What's wrong with you? You've been distant since we left from San Francisco."
"The sea is getting rougher. We should turn back."
"We'll be fine. We're in your boat, the good LADY STANTON." He leaned in and kissed Jessica's cheek. "Now come out from down below and let's join our friends on the deck."
Jessica took Edward's hand and followed him to the deck of the yacht.  When she emerged the first thing she saw were waves violently crashing against the side of the yacht.
The waves were like outstretched fingers.
She saw the face of a monstrous creature in the wave, its shadow grew over the boat.
Soon, salty ocean water filled her lungs and she drifted and fell. . .

* * *

A hand pulled her out of the water, back from the grip of the waves. Richard swam with her in his arm back to the shore, wincing. He pushed the wet strands of hair out of her eyes.
"Why didn't you let me go?"
"After all we've been through? I'm not going to let you go."
"Richard."
"Not the best time for a swim."
"This island scares the hell out of me, Richard. I want to go . . . anywhere else but here."  
"I know."
"He scares the hell out of me."
"Guess that makes two of us," Richard said as they reached the shore. "When you're ready to tell me what happened with Roberts, I'll be here."
She smiled. She couldn't talk about what Roberts had done to her yet.
"Man, this ocean water stings."
Jessica reached out and touched his shoulder. "I'm growing fond of you."
His eyebrows rose.
"Yes, thank you for rescuing me." She leaned in and kissed him on the lips. Surprised, his arms went to her side but then fell into the moment and he hugged her tighter. He kissed her back.
The night crowded around them watching god-like. The wind whispered secrets. The waves never stopped crashing.


PART 4 
TERMINATON


CHAPTER 32

The next morning, over five thousand miles east of the island in Washington D.C., the world sizzled in August. Bright rays lit up the steps of the White house.
Outside it was the perfect Courier and Ives summer scene; something you might hang on the family room wall. The Secretary of Defense trudged through the beauty into the White House.
"Mr. Secretary." The President spoke when he entered the oval office.
"You asked to see me, Mr. President?"
"Yes."
The Secretary took a seat directly across from the President.
"I have been consumed with ADP1982 and the recent Navy report that a civilian may have shipwrecked there."
"And?"
"And to tell you the truth, I'm surprised this hasn't happened sooner." The President's voice carried a tinge of anger. "Here so early in my administration and we have to untangle this mess."
The Secretary raised his hand and set it on the edge of the desk. "Mr. President, if I may, the evidence concerning the Stanton shipwreck is heavy speculation on the Navy's part. I urge you not to be disturbed—"
"Not disturbed? Do you realize what you're saying?  There's a chance innocent civilians have shipwrecked there. Perhaps even a woman. Somebody's daughter."
"But sir, you read my recommendation?"
"Yes, and I think it is rubbish. Pardon me, Mr. Secretary, but I don't wish to turn my back on this project any more. I want a SEAL team sent in there."
"Sir, that is loaded with problems."
"An extraction team could go in, assess and take control of the island. If the woman is there, then they could make their best attempt to get her out. It's easy to end any speculation with ground intel."
"Sir, let's assume there is a survivor from the Stanton shipwreck on the island. Somebody's daughter, as you said. What do we do with her? Are we going to hope she comes back and doesn't say anything about the island?"
The President slammed the file down on his desk. "We can't sit on our hands!"
"Sir, if this becomes public it could. . ." the Secretary didn't finish the obvious.
Project ADP1982 was the type of scandal that could implicate several politicians on Capitol Hill, not only the office of the President.
"At least my plan of action doesn't include ADP1982 becoming public," the Secretary of Defense said.
"Doing nothing risks a leak too. The Stanton estate is in shambles. If they weren't so busy chasing his money they'd be quadruple checking the reports and sending ships out there. We don't know that they still won't do that. The Coast Guard is cooperating with the Navy and it seems for now everybody is buying that the Stanton party all died at sea."
"It's been over eleven years without a leak. And besides, no matter what is done to prevent it, there has always been the chance of a leak."
The President's eyebrows rose, but he did not comment.
"I believe that to attempt a search, and subsequently, a rescue," the Secretary said, "it would be futile. If there is someone, and hopefully it's not Stanton's wife. God help her, I fear what those. . .convicts will have already done to her."
"The project is a grave mishap and must be shut down."
"I thought that was already your decision, sir."
"And how do you feel about it?"
"Perhaps you're right. With the current Stanton situation things could spiral out of control. Closing the program and starting the cleanup process makes sense."
"I'm glad you agree with me, Mr. Secretary."  A small silence followed.
The Secretary prodded, "In what way, sir, do you believe we should go about ending it?"
"In the only way it was meant to end," the President said grimly, "total destruction."
"So you still want the SEAL team in there, but not on an extraction mission? To target and terminate?"
"No." The President grabbed the other file on his desk.  When he stared down at the aerial photograph of the island he realized what else bothered him about ADP1982. It was the island's eerie topography. From one of the aerial photos taken it looked like something else than an island, something almost. . .alive. There was one angle shot where he swore he could see the face of a monstrous creature.
An image the President couldn't get out of his mind.
"Admiral Bodecker has an Iowa class ship in his fleet," The President said. "Tomorrow at noon let's do the new Tomahawk testing on the island."
The Secretary nodded, making notes.
"Those prisoners were denied death and we owe each and every one of them to fulfill their executions. As for the woman, let's pray the Navy's speculation is wrong and she's sitting at the bottom of the ocean."
"And what about the newest convict for the program, Wally Adamson? He's prepped and scheduled to fly out later today, Mr. President."
The President stood up and looked through cracked venetian blinds at a sky devoid of clouds.  He'd almost forgotten about the convict who had the nickname Torque. An odd aspect of Adamson's file came to him: Adamson was looking forward to being exiled on the island. According to the files the President had reviewed, Adamson was the only prisoner who had ever felt this way.
"Mr. Adamson can have his death wish."
They both looked at the wall clock. The inhabitants on the island had twenty-seven hours left to live.


CHAPTER 33

The steady hum of the airplane slicing through the sky wasn't the only thing Torque had to endure. It was bad enough being chained like Houdini, but being forced to listen to the non-stop heckling from Tweedledee and Tweedledum sitting across from him was pure torture.
"They say he hasn't said a word since he lost it at that Southern Fried Chicken," said the over-nourished Dee.
"Looks like a psycho," replied Dum.
"I bet his momma abused him and shit."
"Probably never got any pussy either."
"No, I guess he was married at one time."
"Yeah? Bet she was dogmeat."
"Oooo, check it out, we got his eyes lit up over that  one." Dee pointed straight at him. "What was it Wally-boy, was she a real bow-wow, or what?"
Nina.
"He won't answer ya'," Dum replied. "Doctors, psychologists, everybody says he don't have no voice since he snapped."
"For what he did to those people he should have no dick."
Dum chuckled, "He probably doesn't have one anyway."  They found their cruelty hilarious.
Torque thought about saying something to them. Shock them. Everyone believed he had no voice left; the trauma of what had happened had spoiled his will to speak.
But that wasn't it at all.
He was waiting.
Waiting for his calling.
Satan would tell him when the time was right. And when the call came he'd be ready. . .
"Well Wally, looks like we're almost at your new home," it was Dum speaking as he drew his gun and pointed it at Torque's heart. Dee copied his mentor, but pointed his gun less threateningly.
"You won't even say goodbye to us, Wally-boy?" Dee asked.
"Yeah," added Dum. "Don't know what we'll do without your constant chatter."
While they laughed, Torque waited. It had been easy keeping silent the last year and half and using only written communication.
They came over and jacked him to his feet. His hands and legs were cuffed tightly. He was wearing the parachute suit he'd been trained and issued for the upcoming jump.
The jump to Hell, he thought excitedly. They'd spent the last three weeks prepping him for a place he'd been destined to visit. The anticipation was overwhelming. The survival training center in Kentucky was a good time. People tried to make a mockery of him, bruise his conscience, create horrors of "the terrible place they were sending him" but they all failed. They could not scare him. Fact was, Torque didn't give a rip about anyone on earth any more.
His trial had been a total joke. His lawyer was a walking encyclopedia; tall, stout, smelled good and looked bad while babbling about his client Torque being "hopelessly insane."
The prosecuting attorney was much more personable but spoke like he was reading a dictionary. He tried to prove to the court that Torque was not insane. But the issue that was fought seemed not to be whether or not Torque was insane but rather what in the hell "insanity" was in his case.
If only they knew the truth. 
Torque's attorney explained to the jury that upon determination of insanity they must take into consideration all the facts: did Torque have control of his faculties at the time of the crime? Did Torque understand that what he was doing was wrong? Did Torque, did Torque, did Torque. His lawyer was full of more bad moves than a novice chess player. 
Torque was focused on one thing: the place he'd heard rumors about in prison the last 10 years. The place rumored to have been sent some other death row cons. He thought it had been a fantasy but Satan told him otherwise.  He needed to get out so that he could do something bad enough to be sent to the secret place. The Southern Fried Chicken incident had all been part of his plan.
And if the magic place didn't exist, Torque was ok getting the gas. 
There were too many victims this time. Before, it had only been Nina and momma. Before, he had cried and made the jury feel sorry for his actions. Before, he had cared.  But this time he had no regrets. He wanted, and expected, them to at least kill him. And it would be a bonus if he got to visit the magic place.
Prison rumors about the magic place below.
Prison rumors suggesting it really was Hell on earth.
So many, many rumors.
And now they were about to let him parachute to the rumors below. This was a gift, not a curse.
"Don't try anything cute, Wally. I'm gonna take your cuffs off."
"Yeah, convict," added Dum, "I got this .357 watching your ugly ass all the way out the door."
Dee stuck the key in the cuffs and released them. Torque massaged his wrists. The bastards had put them on so tight they might just as well have cut his wrists off. Torque eyed the service revolver warily.  He wouldn't be surprised if Dum blew him away then and there.
Dum held his ground.
Dee stepped back, pointing his own gun. "Any last words, Wally?"
The bastard knows I hate that name. Knows that's the name Momma called me. I should torque the bastard—I could—I should! Dammit! Where's my calling? Master where are you? LET ME KILL THESE MORONS.
The wind purred.
Dee shoved Torque toward the hatch door where he was supposed to make the jump. There was a two foot square window to see below.
"Take a look at your new home, Wally," Dum grunted. "You're gonna spend a long time down there."
Torque looked down with microscopic focus.
"Jump in five minutes, circling now," a voice ordered from the cockpit through a crackling speaker.
"He must like his new home," said Dum.
"Yeah, his face kinda reminds me of Lassie coming home."
"No. Rin Tin Tin, he was an uglier fucker."
"Wasn't Rin Tin Tin a she?"
"No, that was Nanette."
"Who gives a fuck?"
Dee and Dum cackled.
The island started to come into focus. Torque had to watch closely to see in his own mind's eye if this was Hell. At first if was just another island in the Pacific, another Hawaiian island. Lots of palm trees, ravines, rocky in places, several beaches.
But then as the airplane grew closer it changed.
A dark change.
Gray clouds began to surround the island like a bubble, holding the island within the circumference. The wind bounced inside the bubble in a nonsensical frenzy. The trees twisted, each a mutated tongue. Inside the dark bubble a monstrous face took shape. A beast with cold rock-eyes and grainy skin beaches for flesh. Each tooth was a different bush, constantly moving in the wind's nervousness, a moving mouth with multiple tongues, teeth and black gums. The beast had dozens of tentacles protruding from where its nose should have been. The beast looked at him, the tongues flickering and dancing and playing in the wind, and Torque knew at once he had found the right place.
He also knew that this was his calling.
The beast spoke to him.
BEEN WAITING FOR YOU.
They took their time sending me here. 
THE PLANE. YOU MUST KILL EVERYBODY ON THE PLANE.
I was waiting for you to instruct me. I don't have Sally.
YOU ONLY NEED FAITH IN MY POWER.
I have faith, Master.
KILL THEM.
I love you.
KILL THEM NOW.
Yes, my lord.
DARK LORD, MY CHILD.
Yes, my Dark Lord.
Torque turned slowly and the gun barrels were staring at him like eyes. Dum and Dee weren't controlling the guns, Torque knew, only evil controlled weapons of death. 
"What's his problem?" Dum asked.
"Christ, he's getting a crazy look in his eyes. Hold your ground, convict or I'll blow your—"
Torque smiled.
Despite having the guns, Dee and Dum stepped back.  Torque spoke for the first time since The Southern Fried Chicken incident:
"Thanks for bringing me home."
Torque sprang. Dee opened fire. Dum copied.
Both shots at point blank range should have shot through Torque's body and blew pieces of his insides out the other side. Should have kissed him like a leech and sucked every inch of life out of him.
Except both shots didn't hit him at all, only the walls of the airplane.
Torque grabbed both guns by the barrels and used the surprise to rip them out of Dee and Dum's hands.
Their expressions turned to horror.
He had a gun in each hand, rolled them, spun them, played them in his hands like a gunslinger. He pointed them at Dee and Dum's hearts, grinning wide.
They both stopped.
Dee said, "Hey man, you. . .you don't want to do this."  
"Yeah," Dum added, "be—be nice and give us the guns back, Wally."
"My name's Torque."
"Torque," Dum said.
"Torque," Dee chimed in, fright filling his eyes.
Torque didn't feel like playing death games with Dee  and Dum, so he shot Dee. In the head. Point blank.
"Jesus!" Dum stood back, sprayed with remnants of Dee's splattered skull. Half of Dee's scalp found its way on to Dum's clothes and Dee's flesh drooped off him like it was his own. Dum's hands were red and wet as he trembled.
Torque ordered him to the parachute hatch. Dum moved where ordered.
"Open it and jump out," Torque said. "Now."
"But—But I don't have a parachute!"
"NOW."  Dum pressed the side red button, the hatch pressurized and opened. Dum turned and looked back with a pleading stare.
"Please don't make me jump! PLEASE! I DON'T HAVE A CHUTE!"
Torque shot Dum in the leg. The force pushed Dum out the hatch, sent him sprawling to his death below. Dum screamed the whole way.
"IIIIII DONNNNNNNTTTT HAVVVVVVVEEE AAAAAA CHHHHHHHUTTTTTTEEEE!"
The wind replaced the man's screams. Torque awaited his Dark Lord's voice.
THE COCKPIT. KILL THOSE IN THE COCKPIT
Torque ran up to the front of the cockpit.
". . .roger nine, section two. . .has he jumped yet?" 
"No, in a moment," came the reply.
"New orders. As soon as the jump is made, circle for new orders. . ."
"Has he jumped yet?" another voice came over the intercom to the empty body of the plane.
NOW.
Torque kicked open the door and started firing. He emptied the gun in his right hand into the co-pilot; three bullets ripped off the man's face, splattering blood and brain on the cockpit window. The pilot and the navigator took the other gun's shells both were quickly killed, never having the slightest idea what hit them. The cockpit quickly turned red.
The plane, not on auto-pilot, started to go out of control.
NOW JUMP QUICKLY! COME HOME TORQUE! COME HOME!
Torque ran, fighting the spinning gravity as the plane began to spin out of control. Fought his way out of the cockpit, pushed toward the opening, pushing with all the strength he could muster.
Hell is beckoning me, I MUST make it home. . .I can't die. . .
He pushed.
The plane went into a spin it would never come out of and pushed and pushed and pushed. His legs kept failing him. His vision blurred. Got to make it home, got to make it HOME.
He saw the opening.
The plane kept spinning.
He pushed himself toward the exit. Pushed.
Kept spinning, spinning and spinning. It was totally out of control, starting to nose toward its ocean death. Torque reached the exit and pushed his body into the sky. Quickly the plane fell away from him and he was flying.
He plummeted toward his new home.
The island was small at first and grew bigger as the ground approached.  Torque waited to pop his chute. Waited.  He enjoyed how he took those morons Dee and Dum. How he fulfilled the Dark Lord's mission.
And then a fearful thought struck him. What if the chute doesn't open? What if he sailed down to the same death he'd sent Dum to?
The chute might not pop. Might not and he'd fly like Dum to the bottom—SPLAT!
Torque was scared for the first time in many years. Tiny sweat formed and blew off his face by the wind as he plummeted to the ground. His heart paused and head spun.
He closed his eyes and pulled the ripcord.
Torque decided that if God really existed, and He was the exact opposite of Satan, He, supreme ruler of the skies, would use this opportunity to make Torque's chute malfunction. He would stop Torque from hurting anyone else. He would tap all of Heaven's mighty powers to end his life on earth here and now.
So much for God.


CHAPTER 34

Richard pushed Jessica down into a dense thicket. She went down hard, her next breath sucked out of her, and he fell beside her. He rolled her into a small niche and crawled atop of her. She started to ask what was going on when he covered her mouth and told her to listen.
Footsteps were dragging through the ravine behind
Right behind them.
Voices.
"They're here," said Seth Everson.
"Hiding now, are we?" came the icy voice of Kyle Roberts. "Richie, I see you never learn. Why don't you come out and let's get this over with? This is all growing very tiring."
"Bastard," Richard whispered.
"I know you're hurt, Richie. In fact, I think you're hurt worse than you'll let on. I guess that's why you're hiding right now, isn't it? You know you can't outrun me. You've spent these years avoiding this moment. It's time, Richie."
Roberts' voice echoed in the wind.
"Always knew you were a coward," Roberts said. "You should know by now that I despise cowards. You saw the camp. Full of cowards. They're gone, and soon you'll be buried next to them." A small pause before he gave Everson an order: "Find them."
Jessica opened her eyes. She almost screamed. Several black bugs—
(and back, by popular demand, BOBBY AND THE CRAWLERS)
—skittered across her hand.
The scream reached her throat.
 Richard saw the bugs and put his hand on her mouth. "No." With his other hand he wiped the bugs away. The sounds of Everson thrashing through the surrounding bushes grew louder.
CLOSER.
All Jessica could see was Edward's severed hand in her nightmare, the black bugs crawling in a macabre frenzy, an insect orgy of horror. Crawling on her fingers now!
Another scream surfaced. Richard stifled it. It came out a muted whimper.
"Don't," he whispered, "they're gone."
They may have been gone in reality, but they had gone nowhere in her mind.
Everson thrashed closer. . .CLOSER. . .
"Quit making this so hard on yourself, Richie. Show yourself. Seth won't get in the way of you and me. Come on, I'm waiting."
Richard's heartbeat thudded against Jessica's backbone.  Her own heart played a similar melody.
Seth was still thrashing, almost on top of them.
 "COWARD!" Roberts screamed. Jessica heard him tearing into the bushes, ripping and shredding them. He searched with white-hot intensity. She closed her eyes and wished she could close her ears. The sound of Kyle Roberts tearing furiously through the bushes, tearing closer, was worse than the black bugs crawling across her fingers.
She opened her eyes. Richard held his knife, ready. Seth Everson's boots were less than five feet away.
Roberts stopped.
Richard's grip on the knife tightened 
"Seth, you idiot.  They're not here."
"But—I—thought. . .I. . ."
"Don't start your 'seeing the wind bullshit' again."
"But Kyle, really, really I can see the wind."
Jessica couldn't see what happened next. She wouldn't have wanted to see it.
Hearing it was horrible enough.

* * *

Kyle Roberts walked across the ravine toward Seth. He clenched the knife at his side. Seth didn't back away or flinch. It was as if he expected the next thing to happen. As if it was meant to be.
"I can see, I can see," Seth said.
"If you can't find Templin and won't tell me what Sar found then we're done."
"I don't know what Sar found."
"You are the only one who could understand Sar. What did he tell you he found?"
"I don't know."
"Tell me."
"I don't know."
Roberts put Everson in a headlock and put the knife to his eyes. He'd teach the one-eyed crazy motherfucker how to see. He'd make him blind and then leave him to his own misery. He had no use any more for someone as far gone as Seth Everson. Kyle had wrongly believed the man was ever of any use to him.
"I. . .can. . .see," Seth said.
Kyle stuck the knife in Seth's remaining eye. Seth screamed. And screamed.
"Tell me what you can see now, blind man. Tell me."  Kyle pulled the knife out and shoved Seth to the ground. He said aloud, "Now just you and I, Richie."
Roberts looked up at the sky and saw the sun in its final stages. It was going down, half-way sunk into the ocean already. Nightfall soon. He was tired, hungry and disappointed. How long could Templin evade him?
And what about Sar's secret? Sar had found something on the island and Kyle believed Seth Everson would die before telling him. The most important translation on the island since the day they'd dropped and Seth wouldn't share. 
Seth wouldn't share Sar's secret and Templin wouldn't share the woman.
Templin.
"COWWWWWAARRDDDDD." 
Kyle Roberts walked away leaving Seth Everson writhing on the ground. Leaving the one man he wanted so badly hiding in the bushes a few feet away.

* * *

Three minutes after Roberts left, Seth decided to remove his blood-covered hands. The pain was not as bad as he'd imagined. Not as bad as the first eye that Walkins had taken but more bloody. It was more of a quick sting, with a slow throbbing ache. It felt as if someone was pressing on his eye with all their force, pressing it layer by fleshy layer through the back of his skull.
It was strangely pleasant.
His eyes were gone, and now he worried about what it meant to be among the blind.
Blackness, all you will see is blackness.
Seth kept his eyes covered, not quite ready to unveil the surprise. His heart raced. His pulse beat at his skin all around his body. Sweat formed and balled down his temples. With one eye gone he could see the wind, but what would he see without both eyes?
Blackness, only the blackness of the blind.
He peeled his left hand away first. His left eye had been Walkins' target and moments after it was poked out he realized the change. The things he could see. The wind, in particular, became visible. Finger by finger, Seth removed his left hand. This was the ultimate. Seth had never felt any race of anticipation such as this, it was better than a build-up to orgasm. He at last removed his hand completely from the left eye.
He kept his left eye closed. He decided it would be best to open them both at once. Once when he was ten, he had come home to a dark house, at first thinking that there was a blown fuse but then all the lights had come on. The momentary blindness of white. Then he realized his parents had held a surprise birthday party for him. He liked that. Turning the lights on at the same time is what he would do with his eyes; open them at the same time. Just like his surprise party, his only vivid, fond childhood memory.
So he began peeling the fingers on his right hand away from his eye.
What will I see? WHAT WILL I SEE?
Pinky finger. . .ring finger. . .middle finger. . .
WHAT WILL I SEE?
. . .index finger. . .
 Blackness, only blackness  Seth, you are blind.
At last both hands were pulled from his face. He was ready to open his eyes and savor the prize. He was ready to see the world differently. He was ready for the grand moment. He had just entered the house— 
(Must be that fuse-thing again! Mom, stop blow-drying your hair and using the toaster at the same time. Dad said that's the reason the breaker keeps tripping. He'll be real mad this time. . .).
WHAT WILL I SEE?
Seth opened both eyes.
Someone in his house flipped a switch. The room came to life. He was blinded by bright white.
(Not the fuse-thing! Not the fuse-thing! NOT THE FUSE-THING!)
Here was his surprise. The white faded and he saw. . .saw. . .saw. . .
Blackness. That's what he saw.
Seth Everson, the man who loved his eyes with infinite depth, started hopelessly screaming.  He was blind.

* * *

Still hidden in the bushes, Richard and Jessica watched Seth Everson kicking and clawing at invisible demons. Richard took her hand and turned her from the pitiful sight. He pointed in the direction they'd been travelling and they started away.
She realized five minutes later that Richard was leading her back to the west side of the island again. It was dark when they arrived at the southwest beach where she'd waded out into the water last night and he'd pulled her back from the shore. The moon had found its way into the sky; a quarter-moon tonight. The tides crashed in the distance.
"Who is Sar?" Jessica asked.
"Remember that clearing with the tasty berries? Sar was one of the original cons sent here. A nice Japanese guy that was the first to find that clearing. We think maybe he smuggled in some seeds and he grew some vegetables the first year we were on the island together."
"But they stopped growing?"
"Yeah, something happened in the fall. Sar harvested the first crop and then no more."
"What happened to Sar?"
"That's something Roberts has been obsessed with for years. He believes Sar found another special place on the island. He's been trying to find it for years."
"What happened to Sar? He's not on the island any more?"
"Well, that's something nobody likes talking about. Sar came and saw me in the cave a few times that summer. He brought me some vegetables grown in the clearing. I offered for him to come and live in the cave with me. It was closer to the clearing than the east camp but I don't think he understood my offer."
"That was a nice gesture."
"Seth Everson was buddies with Sar and could translate a little. I tried to get Seth to make my offer to Sar and he said he did. I don't think he ever did."
"So this place that Kyle thinks Sar told Seth about, do you think it really exists?"
"Sar sure believed he saw something on the island that scared him. I don't want to freak you out any more about this place but something happened to Sar. Something that maybe only Seth knows about. A group of us spent days searching all over the island trying to find the other place that scared Sar but we couldn't find anything."
"Do you think Sar found some other place?"
"Not sure. Whatever he found, it changed him. The last time I saw Sar there was a look in his eyes that wasn't the Sar I knew. He was afraid of something. Real afraid.  And then I never saw him again."
"Was he one of the ones who swam away from the island?"
"No, he's still here."
"Where is he?"
Richard told Jessica where Sar was and her eyes widened.
Not too far in the distance, a blind man cursed the night.


CHAPTER 35

"It's just us and him now, Jessica."
Jessica and Richard had been sitting on the beach for a half-hour of silence. He fired that sentence about Kyle Roberts out of nowhere.
"Roberts won't come looking for us tonight by himself.  He'll wait until morning. He's gone back to his side of the island and I don't think we have anything more to fear tonight."
"You think he's giving up because he's the only one left?" she felt strange saying the only one left, because there was still a blind, deranged Seth Everson out there somewhere. She still couldn't get his screaming out of her head.
"No. Roberts will not give up."
"He's crazy."
Richard held out his hands.
"Roberts thinks he knows a lot about you."
"He's got some of me down, I'm afraid." His eyes looked down at the sand. 
"You're not a coward, Richard."
"I didn't say I was."
"You implied it."
"I avoided him all this time, Jessica. Sometimes I have my dream with the birds carrying me off to the dark place and the birds all have Kyle Roberts' face."
Ocean silence. Waves pounding the beaches. Soft winds  moving the trees back and forth. Richard reached out and squeezed her hand.
"Don't worry. I will protect you from him. You're safe with me."
Jessica took his arms and put them around her, kissing him once. "Tell me about her."
"Her? Who said anything about. . .? Ok, got me."
He told Jessica about his relationship with Sherry Coolridge.
Toward the end, he said, '"The reason I'm telling you all this is because I want you to understand why I hit you. It wasn't because I was pissed-off at the unfairness of my sentencing, and you finding out where we were. Those things contributed to the anger, I'm sure, but it was Sherry that brought it all on."
Jessica kept silent. She had forgiven him but not forgotten. His display of violence was tame by comparison of the other violence on the island, some of which she had taken part in. She thought of stabbing Bat Jackson and Bobby being stuck with a tree branch spear by Richard.
"Sherry was the first woman to hurt me and I never had the chance—not with the party and everything—to tell her how I felt. But when I got mad at you, I said some things about women. Really, I was talking about Sherry, not all women. She was my first love and when everything went wrong between us I blamed, in my mind all women, not only Sherry as I should have."
Ocean silence again.
"I want to give you something." He reached into his pocket and produced an old, faded high school photograph. "It's the only thing I have left from my past. I want you to have it."
"Thank you," she took the picture and ran her finger over his face. At some point she put the photograph in her blouse pocket. 
They kept staring into each other's eyes. Jessica didn't see the man she once thought of as repulsive any more, in fact the opposite. He had changed her. She saw a young man, almost 10 years younger than her staring back at her.
Her pleasant thoughts tried to be invaded by the image of Kyle Roberts violating her last night. She didn't want to break Richard's spirit by telling him what happened. It seemed almost cruel for her to burden the man with further pain. 
Their beach moment should have been romantic. Something that if she had first washed here and never known about the other convicts on the east side of the island she could have shared with Richard.
If only for tonight Jessica wanted to live in the lie Richard had initially told her. The one where only wild animals lived on the east side of the island. 
She leaned closer and put her head on Richard's shoulder

* * *

On the way back to the east camp, Kyle decided to follow a different path. The light was fading fast and he lit a torch.
Maybe tonight he'd find Sar's secret place at last. The place that Kyle had searched hundreds of times over the years to find. All his supposed great skills in the woods, all those years collecting and yet he couldn't find a place that a Japanese convict farmer could find. Sar had grown up on islands so it's possible he had some advantage but Kyle spent most his adult years in the woods. Why did this place elude him?
"Maybe tonight you'll reveal yourself to me," Kyle called out to the island as he threw brushes out of his way and continued east. Searching, always searching.

* * *

Seth Everson stopped crying. The crying had followed the screaming. He wept himself dry.  All he could see now was darkness.
Exactly what they wanted him to see.
The world had not condemned Seth Everson, it had condemned his eyes.
Blackness all around.
He felt around for his knife.  He felt tree branches and leaves and dirt and moss—
(I CAN'T SEE THEM)
 —and his knife. His trusty buck knife. He moved his fingers along the cold blade testing the sharpness. He touched the base which he knew was brown and—
(I CAN'T SEE THE BROWN)
—gripped it tightly. Seth was disappointed in himself. He had been through a lot in his life. So much, in fact, that it didn't seem fair to be planning his next action. But his eyes had seen the world like none others, he would always be thankful for that.
His eyes had seen Disneyland and the Grand Canyon and the White House. His eyes had seen the upstairs at San Quentin; the death row where Caryl Chessman and many others had grimly awaited their fates. His eyes had seen the happy and the sad, the smart and the stupid, even the living and the dead. His eyes could never have seen it all, but they had seen enough. His eyes could see where the world had been, where it was now, and where it was going.
But now his eyes could see nothing.
Blackness.
Seth held the knife to his abdomen. He moved his train of thought to a different place, a different time. It was World War II and he was a Japanese soldier. The Japanese people had the highest honor for their country. They would live and die for it in the name of honor. And when a Japanese soldier disgraced his country there was only one option.
He stopped when he heard a voice.
He felt around, "I hear you? Who's there?"
The voice called out to him and he followed the sound.
At some point he stopped thinking about suicide. The voice had saved him. A voice that he thought called him Satan.


CHAPTER 36

While the blind man helped untangle Torque from the tree, he sensed the deliciously dark aura around the man. He asked how he became blind.
"It doesn't matter any more."
"I'm Torque, what's your name?"
"Seth."
"Seth, the voices led me here. I've been waiting a long time—years—for this moment. There must be some reason you were the first person I've met here." Torque's eyes were watery. If only his shotgun Sally could be by his side.
"This place isn't what you think. I've been here since almost the beginning. It will betray your eyes."
"I saw it from above. It's exactly as I imagined."
Torque looked into Seth's dried-blood gouge sockets. He felt something was in there. Something strong and powerful that the human form of the man seemed unable to understand.
"I need to see the special place."
"Special place?"
"You know the place I'm talking about. Or maybe you know a guy who knows about it. I was cellies with a guy at San Quentin who told me that once I got here I should look for Saruwatari Naoki. Do you know him?"
"Yes, Sar, I know him."
"Take me to Sar. Describe how to get there and I'll be your eyes."

* * *

Seth liked this Torque guy. He described Sar's clearing and the directions how to get there by following west until reaching Templin's cave. Although everything remained black, Seth felt useful helping Torque locate the clearing. As Torque walked he described their surroundings. He was a good guide.
"Somebody lives in this cave?"
"Yes, his name is Templin. And a woman shipwrecked here a couple months ago has been staying with him."
"A woman, huh? Which way now?"
"Head due east from the cave. You'll pass an area that Templin uses as a bathroom. You can't—" Seth pinched his nose. "Yeah, we are there. Keep to the right."
"It's getting darker," Torque said. "But I can still see. I love this place!"
They traveled for another ten minutes and Torque told him what he'd done in the states to be sent here. "It was bloody business, Seth, but it had to be done. My destiny is here. This is my home."
Home.
Torque's excitement was contagious. Seth didn't want to die any more. He wanted to live. When Kyle had left him blind he thought his life was over but the more Torque talked, the more he began to appreciate his new situation.
"We should be coming upon Sar's clearing."
"I see it. It's about 75x75. Berries on vines around the edges."
A long silence. Seth could hear the sounds of Torque digging in the dirt.
"I don't see Sar. He lives here?"
"No," Seth said and the memory of that fall day returned. The day that changed Sar forever. He told Torque the story.

* * *

Fall 1984.
The storm had moved in, pounding the camp with rain. The cons in the east camp tried to take cover under the trees. Lightning bolts struck in the blackened clouds and loud thunder cracked. Sar left the group, saying he needed to check on his clearing. Seth offered to go with him and Sar nodded.
They headed north from the east camp under heavy tree cover so they wouldn't get as wet. About fifteen minutes from the camp, close to the east island cave area, Sar stopped and turned to Seth.
"Do you hear that?" Sar knelt down in the wet grass and mud and put his ear to the ground. He slapped the ground and said something that loosely translated to "the ground is awake."
"I only hear the storm, Sar, sorry."
"There is another clearing near here. I must come back."

* * *

"Sar was always talking about the dirt," Seth said. "He thought if he found another clearing he could grow even more vegetables for all of us."
"So you came to this clearing that day? What happened?"
"He came here and started crying. He said that this ground had been 'put to sleep.' We would have no more vegetables in this location."
"I don't see any more vegetables," Torque said.
"Yes, Sar was correct. No more vegetables ever grew here again. So we went back to the east side of the camp and the leader of our group, his name is Kyle Roberts, maybe you've heard about him?"
"Yeah, my cellie told me to watch out for him. Said he's a slick bastard."
"Roberts can be bad at times, real bad, yes."
"So what happened to Sar?"
"Sar spent the next two weeks trying to find the other clearing. He told me it was our secret and if I told the others he might never be able to find it. Something about it being a hidden clearing."
Seth stopped, remember what happened next.
"Go on," Torque said.
"It was a cold fall afternoon and we all were sitting around the fire when. . ."

* * *

Not again.
Kyle pounded the dirt around the campfire. He searched until the darkness took over and he could no longer see. Even by torchlight, he felt he was passing by areas he'd seen dozens of times. He'd even tried following the butterflies and they wouldn't tell him where to find Sar's secret place.
Kyle went into his fort and found the broken pop bottle with dirt. He dug in the ground outside and picked up a squirming nightcrawler and placed it in the dirt in the bottle.
The nightcrawler moved around for a few seconds and then went still.
"Where did you find the dojō, Sar? Tell me."
He reached in and touched the dirt. It made his fingers tingle and he dusted it away on his hole-filled jeans. There was a faint foul odor to the dirt. 
"Where can I find more dojō, Sar? Tell me."

* * *

Fall 1984.
Seth heard the noise first. Sar emerged the bushes, his eyes bulging. His stomach and hands were covered in bright red blood. He made a loud noise like a wounded dog.  One of Sar's hands held his entrails wrapped over his hand like sausage and covered in blood and dirt. The other held a broken glass jar filled with dirt. Whenever Sar opened his mouth nothing came out but that terrible, pained noise.
"Who did this to you, Sar?" Kyle Roberts yelled. "Tell me?" Roberts took the jar out of Sar's hand. He ordered the other men to get anything they could get to try and stop the bleeding. Several men crowded around Sar and tried to stop the bleeding.
"Sar, what happened?"
When Sar opened his mouth dirt fell out in clumps.
Seth understood what Sar kept saying but he didn't tell the other cons, especially Kyle Roberts. Instead, he lied and said: "Sar keeps saying he's in great pain. Great, great pain."
Sar then did something that shocked all of them. He said one word in English, a word every man on the island knew.
"Escape."
And then Sar fell over, eyes rolling back in his head.

* * *

"We buried Sar here in the clearing," Seth said, feeling his eyes watering. "So yes, I have brought you to where Sar is currently at. His remains, anyway."
"What did Sar really say that day?" Torque asked.
"He said he found it," Seth replied. "He found the other place."
"That's the place," Torque said. "I must go there. If you can lead me back to the general area the day of that storm. . ."
"I'm sorry, Torque. I don't know where the place is.  I can describe the place we were at the day of the storm and maybe you can try to find it. A lot of us have tried over the years."
"I know I can find it. Go ahead."
Seth described what the place looked like the day of the storm and where it was in relation to the east camp. When he was done, Torque asked: "What about you, Seth? What's your plan?"
"Think I'll stay here with Sar for awhile."
"I won't forget your help, Seth," Torque replied and Seth listened to his footsteps exit the clearing.
Seth sat down cross-legged and rubbed a hand across the dirt. He smiled for his old friend, Sar, and wished his new friend Torque well.

* * *
 
With matches he'd been given for his permanent stay on the island, Torque created a torch. He moved through the night ravine quickly, pushing aside branches that tried to slow him.
He kept the image of the island from the plane in his mind's eye. The clearing Sar had found on the west side was located about where the island-face's right eye. He decided to try and stay straight as possible east and locate the position of the island-face's left eye.
Talk to me Dark Lord.
I AM HERE.
On my way.

* * *

The longer they lay there kissing and holding each other on the beach, Jessica found it easier to put aside the many bad things that happened the last two months. She focused on the fun times Richard and her had shared. How he taught her to catch fish and coconuts and pick edible berries. His patience and understanding with her.
She had another sense, a deep and eerie sense about this night on the island. Something was special about this night and the one thing Richard seemed to tell her through his passion.
She wanted him right now. In two months, she had grown so used to life with him that she felt more loved now than ever before. She should tell him that she loved him. She had been sickened by him in the beginning but it didn't take long for the physical stuff to matter less in her tortured surroundings. Somehow his behavior, attitude and personality polished his ugly physical exterior. Richard Templin was not the man she had seen in the beginning. He was caring, sweet, even charming in his own way. He had interior charisma, not exterior.
The quarter-moon smiled. The wind feathered each of their cheeks.
The kissing led to disrobing. 
Soon Richard was entering her, all the fears of the island transformed into passions. He moved in and out of her rhythmically, moaning pleasurably, kissing her all over.
He caressed her breasts and wet her rock-hard nipples with his tongue.
As he gently stroked inside her, she stared up at the sky and while Kyle Roberts' face was faintly there she blinked it away. She felt like if she didn't have sex with Richard that moment she might never have sex with any man again.
Richard climaxed inside her, filling her with warm seed.  He didn't stop. 
Jessica hoped he'd never stop.  This was the paradise at sea she set out on for two months ago from San Francisco. Paradise isn't a place; it is being loved and loving, and you can never truly know when and where you might find it.
"I daydreamed about this moment," Richard said, exasperated. He had had virtually a lifetime full of sexual energy to expel. Jessica had taken it all and was a bit exhausted herself. But damn, how good it felt!
"Here on the beach?"
"Yes. Us making love on the beach you washed in on. Night sky with the moon up there watching us. This was my dream."
"So dreams do come true?"
"Yes."
Sweet silence.
"I think it's time for me to show you my last secret." Richard said, putting back on his rotted tennis shoes. "I think it might surprise you."
"Quit teasing, what is it?"
"Come on, it's not far. I'll show you."

* * *

Torque had found a spot that matched Seth's description. He reached down and put his head against the ground as Sar had done the day of the storm in the fall of 1994.
He didn't hear anything.
"Which way do I go from here?" Torque said aloud.
Silence except for the soft crash of ocean waves in the distance.
He waved the torch over the ground. 
Dark Lord, what am I supposed to do? I've traveled all this way to see you. To complete my journey.
SLEEP.
Here?
YES, ETERNITY AWAITS.
Torques lied down in the dirt and felt something beginning to tingle in his skin. Soon the tingling began to burn. He tried to rise, but the dirt stuck to him like mud. He felt the dirt wriggling and pushing its way into his skin, puncturing his flesh in a few places at first and prickling all over his body pushing inside him.
Dirt rustled on the ground over the firelight, stamping the light. He felt dirt inside his pants and up his legs, entering in and around his anus and penis. Dirt on his face and in his mouth digging into his tongue and between the spaces of his teeth.
Torque began to understand why Sar had said the word "escape." Sar did not want to become one with the soil. Sar had feared where that would lead.
YES, YOU UNDERSTAND. SAR WAS WEAK.
I can do your bidding.
SOON, WE WILL SEE.
As the soil coursed inside every inch of flesh, Torque straddled the line between the living and dead. Torque was becoming the soil's human puppet.

* * *

On the west side of the island, less than a mile away the spot where Jessica and Richard made love, illuminated by the glow of a flaming torch, the secret lay in the bushes. Richard was right, Jessica was surprised.
Richard had not been wasting his time like the other convicts all these years. He had meticulously whittled dozens of branches to similar sizes, taken and glued them together with the sap from a group of trees on the island. Next, he'd taken rope and tied both ends and the middle for support. He'd used knots in the rope which Jessica had never seen before, explaining that they were knots he'd learned from a kind teacher in school. He'd glued the rope to the finely whittled branches and had created a very primitive raft, one which he'd built with the use of only two tools: a knife and bare hands.
He had spent the last eleven years constructing a means of escape.
"It floats?" Jessica said, remembering the day she saw the airplane overhead. How she had felt for a moment like she could be rescued and find a way off this island.
"Of course it floats."
"It floats," she said, stroking the wood. "It floats, it floats. . ."
 "Yes, floats. I finished it about a year ago and took it out for a test one night. Didn't go very far, maybe fifty yards. I thought the sap in the trees would work as glue if it was properly dried and treated, and it does."
"I can't believe you made this."
Richard smiled.
"What has kept you here?"
"I said it floats, not sails. The nearest island is over four hundred miles away, remember? The ocean or the sharks would have gotten me before I could have made it a fraction of that distance."
"Then why bother in the first place?"
"One, it was something to fight off boredom. Two, I had another idea in mind. I hoped someday there might be a fishing boat nearby. So it wasn't a lie when I said I hadn't seen even one boat. Sometimes I do feel like we were thrown as far away from mankind as possible. I worked on the branches by day and glued them by night. I kept the raft hidden here, covered by shrubs and branches."
"Why don't we take our chances? Right now," Jessica said. "Let's put this in the ocean and. . ."
Richard put his arms around her. "We have the best chance during the day.  And look out there. No boats, Jessica." Richard squeezed her shoulder. "Can you remember where this spot is? I want you to memorize this hiding spot."
She nodded. She studied the area in relation to the beach. She could find her way back here.
Richard put out the torch. They returned slowly to the beach, hand in hand, talking about the many things they'd done together; the nightly ritual of walking to the sandy southwest beach and watching the always-changing tide. The sunny days they spent berry picking; the always interesting, often humorous (sometimes catastrophic) fishing trips; and most especially, their wonderful, in-depth conversations. In two months they became good friends.
But both remembered what had been in the darkness.
And what still remained.
They lay on the beach in each other's embrace listening to their hearts beating. It was their night and no malignancy could kill it. Their night, surrounded by an ocean filled with mysteries, secrets, life and death.
 And on their night they fell asleep holding each other tightly, Jessica Stanton, who had once thought she'd never sleep again, slept the best night since she'd washed ashore.


CHAPTER 37

Jessica's sleep was dreamless. She awoke, yawned, and blinked back to reality. She was surprised to see the sun shining hot and bright above.	
Why didn't Richard wake me yet?
She rolled over and reached out for Richard's warmth. He was not there.
She got to her knees, searched around with laser intensity. 
He was gone.
She looked out at the ocean and spotted several ships. Three large Navy ships in the distance.
"Richard?" she called. Had the boats come to rescue her at last?
Those ships should have had wings, and flown down from the heavens. Richard, where are you?
And then she knew.
The terror flooded back in on her in sickening waves: Edward's crawling hand, Bobby, her hand thrusting the knife into Bat Jackson's stomach. Richard saying last night: we have the best chance during the day. Richard knew last night what he planned to do this morning. He didn't tell her because he didn't want to ruin their special night on the island.
Richard had gone to face Kyle Kollector Roberts on the east side of the island.

* * *

It took Richard roughly thirty minutes limping with his leg to reach the east camp. He tried not to think of leaving Jessica, hoping it wasn't permanent. It was long past time to face Roberts. No more running.
He entered Roberts' camp, surrounded by what remained of the executed convicts. Years of convicts buried above ground, rotting in the ocean wind and food for bugs.
Richard was appalled the first time he'd seen it and he couldn't imagine why any of them would continue to live among this above ground human cemetery.
Roberts had constructed (or more likely, had others construct for him) a makeshift house. It had windows, a separate section with a pit dug for excrement. It had a wooden table made out of tree branches and several tree stump seats. Draped across the walls were pictures of butterflies. Everywhere butterflies.
The perpetrator was sitting, back to Richard, on one of the tree stumps. He was gazing intensely at the blank tree branch wall. Staring out beyond the camp. He did not seem to notice Richard's entrance.
"About time you showed up, Richie."
Roberts spun around. A knife blade shining in one hand.
"You've avoided this day for some time."  
"You've played on all of our fears since the beginning."
Roberts' forehead furrowed. "Have I? I think I've been generous to you all this time. I split the island, did the babysitting and let you live over there in peace."
Richard's anger started brewing. "And what about the supplies all those years? Who hoarded every plane-load? And you call that. . .out there babysitting? That's a graveyard, Kyle. This is your private human collection burial ground. You picked up where you left off in the states and continued here."
"Look at my face, Richie. I've paid something here too."
"Some of them fought back, I don't blame them."
Roberts smiled, his bubbled face shifted, eyes glowering. "You should have shared her with me."
"I would have killed myself before doing that."
"You care for her that much?"
"Yes. Why does it have to end this way, Kyle? What will be gained from any of this except more needless suffering and death? Must we both die here?"
"Are you suggesting there ever was any other outcome?"
"Maybe we could strike a new truce? Jessica and I—"
Roberts waved his knife from side to side. "We both know we've reached the end of something, Richie. This is how we were meant to finish. It's the showdown you put in your nice little letter in the ground to me."
"The people that decided we needed to come here did this because they thought there would be no redemption for people like us, Roberts. Why should we prove them right?"
Kyle stood up and pointed to the butterfly pictures on the walls. "The only nice thing they sent me from the states. These used to hang in my cell on the row." He ran his index finger across the golden-blue wings.
"I'm surprised they ever gave us anything. I thought this island was about taking, not giving."
"We should have been butterflies, Richie."
"Butterflies?"
"The butterfly is a wonderful creature. Their life cycle is made up of four parts starting as nothing more than an egg, just like us, then larva, pupa and an adult. They fly primarily in the daylight, on days like this. They tend to migrate over long distances and they feed on harmful insects. That's what I did in the world that sent me here: fed on harmful insects. Sadly, butterflies live very short lives just like we have lived here. But if we had been butterflies we could have flown away. We could have migrated somewhere else."
"Rubbish," Richard spat. "If there's any human left in you at all, you'd feel some remorse for what you did back there and what you've done here. You're exactly what they wanted to send here."
"Maybe we can agree on one thing? We never would have been able to share her."
"No. I love her. I do. I could not share her with someone that would hurt her."
"Are we done with this dance?" 
"Fine, let's do this." Richard unsheathed his knife.
"I should have killed you when I had the chance." Roberts glared.
"That would have been out of character, Kyle. What kind of sport is that?" 
They took a step toward each other.  
"So this is for the big money?" Roberts said. 
"Jessica is gone by now."
Richard prayed that his lie worked.
"Ahhh, so you've constructed some means of escape for the pretty one?" 
"Maybe I have."
"I always knew you were up to something sneaky. Clever, Richie. Maybe she's the butterfly among us."
They stepped even closer showing each other the glint of their blades.
Richard moved warily. Roberts stepped. Richard, Robert, Richard, Robert. They danced without touching.
"She didn't tell you, did she, Richie?"
Richard tilted his head.
"You bet I fucked her while she was here. Just like I fucked the others before I did them. Mmmm, it felt so good too."
"BAAAAAASSSTTTTTTTTAAAAAAARRRRDDDD!"
 Richard rushed with his knife raised.

* * *

Six ships in the distance. Freedom.
She couldn't leave without Richard. He had been there every single time she'd needed him. He'd rescued her from the ocean, Bobby, and Roberts. He'd been there for her every time and now she could choose to be there for him.
The ships beckoned her. Two months she'd been here waiting for civilization to return and there they were in the distance, waiting.
Jessica turned away from the ships. She must go help Richard. It was the only way she'd ever be able to live with herself.
But she knew where the raft was, could easily drag it to the beach, climb on it. . .
No. Can't leave him. Love him.
She looked at the boats and there were eight of them out there now.  It was a convoy of rescue ships, waiting for her to float on Richard's raft to them.
What's going on out there?
Not just one angel, but several angels waiting. Come to us, Jessica, come to us. . .
Can't leave him. Love him.
Come to us, Jessica. We have warm beds, fresh, hot, non-fish meals.
She made her decision, turned away, and started running for the east side of the island. God help her, if Richard was dead when she reached there.
God help her, period.

* * *

Roberts' dwelling was being savaged, dismantled, collateral damage to the viscous, hate-filled battle. Roberts had lost his knife in the frenzy, sticking it in a tree branch while aiming for Richard's head. Richard's knife was still in his hand, stabbing for and missing Roberts' heart.
Neither was winning.
Roberts swung blindly and punched a hole in the wall instead. Richard rushed Roberts, knocking him through the wall, and suddenly they were out in the open on the ground, punching each other with fists, and trying to claw each other's throats out with the other hand.
Roberts grabbed Richard's wounded leg, sticking his dirty fingernails deep into the scabbed flesh and digging. Reopening the wood, fresh blood oozed anew.
Richard jumped off, his howling echoed into the ravine and across the island. He rolled over to the dead campfire. "Bastard."
He grabbed a small stone out of the circular arrangement, forcing himself to stand. Warm scarlet flowed down his leg in uneven streams.
Roberts had retrieved both knives and glared at him with smiling pits.
Richard motioned him on. By now he was at the height of rage. He didn't care if it was a Mack truck he was fighting.
Roberts rushed toward him.
And so did two spinning knives.

* * *

Jessica felt lost. She only knew if she followed the line of the ocean, kept very close to the shore, she would reach the opposite end of the island.
The ships had spread out and had begun to surrounding the island. What's going on out there?  She switched between a fast walk and run, pushing branches aside.
Her mind was reeling, I know he's dead, know he's dead, please don't let him he dead but I know he's dead, he's dead—
Realizing that she was moving way too slow, she quickened her pace. Her heartbeat was the only thing moving faster than her feet.
As she drew nearer the camp, gooseflesh rose like tiny black bug heads inside her skin.

* * *

One of the knives bit into Richard's flesh, causing him to drop his stone weapon. It was a long unreal-looking slice down his forearm, immediately exposing bone. He reached with his other hand, connected with Roberts' wrist, and thwarted the oath of the other knife.
"DIE!" Roberts screamed. "DIE YOU SON OF A BITCH, DIE!"
Richard pushed his adversary back, back, back into one of the dead convict's tree branch forts. The fort collapsed, the battling men landing on the rotting inhabitant, pinned to the earth by his knife. They rolled around on the decaying bones of the corpse, Richard still clenching Roberts' wrist, the smell of rot faintly wafted in their nostrils. Roberts broke free, recoiling, climbing to his feet. Richard bulleted up and landed a fierce right that shattered bones in Roberts' nose, knocking the man back in the direction of the campfire.
Richard moved toward him.
Roberts got to his feet, bringing the knife up in the air, his face covered with blood.
Again, they collided. Richard caught Roberts' wrist with the knife. With a quick move he twisted Roberts' knife out of his hand and thrust it into his adversary's stomach. Roberts moved back, stunned.
Richard grabbed his left arm, trying to fold the flesh over, trying to hold it so he didn't lose all of his blood. He didn't feel any pain, but he'd begun to feel dizzy.
Both men stared at each other, tired from the fighting.
Roberts tried to pull the knife out of his stomach and it wouldn't budge. Richard saw his chance and went for the man's legs. Roberts wisely raised his knee, and shattered Richard's nose against his face.
Richard Templin's body was becoming a mass of red; a man who bathed in blood paint. 
But he wouldn't quit. He got up, his nose bloody, leg bloody, arm bloody and rushed again.
And again.
Again.
They went to the ground, Rolling and rolling over each other, snarling as they battered each other with their fists. Each roll thrust the knife deeper into Roberts' stomach.
"DIE! DIE! DIE!" they screamed in unison.
But neither wished to honor the other's request.

* * *

Jessica reached the east side of the island.
About five minutes north and I'll be at the camp.
She remembered Richard telling her the first time how close they were to the camp: Too close. Remembered the terror she felt. Remembered and relived.
She was plagued by fear and regret as she plunged through the ravine toward the camp.
Richard was on top of Roberts and pummeling the man's face like a savage beast. Again! Again! Again! Again! Again! Roberts face was a glove, his fist the baseball. Again! Again! Again! Again! Gore and blood trailed the battle from Robert's dwelling to the campfire to its current location about twenty feet away from the campfire.
Roberts reached up and caught Richard's hand. He twisted and pushed the man off him. His bloody hands went for the knife sticking in his gut. He wrenched with all his strength and. . .it moved. . .began to free. . .
Richard was on his knees. Staring. Panting. Blood-covered and dripping Roberts came at him again. Richard's fists were his only weapon now. He grabbed the knife and pushed it back in Roberts stomach. Ground it in.
"DIE. DIE. DIE." Their voices had become hoarse ordering each other to die.
Roberts grabbed the open flesh of Richard's arm and a heinous smile curved on his lips.
Pain registered in Richard's eyes. Roberts tore the flesh on Richard's arm toward him. Ripped it two inches. The sound, itself, was excruciating.
"AHHHHHH." Richard jumped off him again. He tended to the bloody flap of torn flesh on his forearm. Blood in his body dotted a trail on the dirt ground.
Roberts returned to the knife in his stomach that was aggravating his intestines and boring a new hole for relieving excrement.
The battle was at a standstill.

* * *

She ran faster.
Faster, 
Ron's voice, then Edward's voice. Chickenshit, Jessica, that's what you are. And then that odd pool-ball cracking laugh of Edward's: Chickenshit.
She pounded through the ravine as if it weren't even there. Up ahead she heard screaming.
Roberts and Richard.
Somehow she ran faster, a killer pace in another place but too slow here.
I'm coming, Richard. Almost there.

* * *

Roberts could not get the knife out of his stomach and knew it was fast becoming a mortal wound. He must remove it before it killed him. He had to net Templin first. He had to grab the flesh at his forearm again and tear it off. He couldn't allow that bastard to kill him first. He must be the last con to die.
Feebly, he rolled over and stared into Templin's eyes.
"Die. . ." Templin gasped.
"You. . .DIE. . ."
Roberts crawled toward Richard. Reaching with outstretched hands. Reaching for the man's throat. Found it.
Squeezing.
"DIE."
"DIE!" Roberts screeched. Squeezed.
Richard grabbed Roberts throat and returned the favor.  With every last bit of strength, they both squeezed.
"DIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEE!"
Squeezed.

* * *

That's when Jessica reached the gory scene.
She stopped at the edge of the ravine and saw the two men drenched in each other's blood, locked in each other's clutches, gripping each other's throats, telling each other in voices reduced to whispers saying "die, die, die." Roberts dwelling lay in ruin thirty feet behind them.
Jessica picked up Roberts' knife lying on the ground.
Jessica ran toward the fight.
Forty steps. She was that close. Forty steps.

* * *

Richard could feel his body drifting and his throat being crushed. His strength was leaving him. He knew Roberts had to be close to choking out. Neither could squeeze any longer.
He kept telling himself not to give up. Dammit, Richard, DON'T GIVE UP. But he could see his body drifting. . .drifting. . .and dying seemed the most pleasant thought. Just give up, give in and die.
And then Richard saw Jessica's running toward them.
"No," he tried to stop her, but his voice was so hoarse and muted that it was unintelligible.
Jessica saw Roberts' back, open and vulnerable. She was targeting to thrust the knife straight into that opening.
Twenty steps.

* * *

Kyle Roberts saw her coming too. But then he saw something else in the corner of his eyes.
Something that seemed to be on the woman's shoulder and then inching up her neck with its wings fluttering. More of them joined and landed on her body. A few at first, but a dozen joined and then a dozen more.
Everywhere, butterflies everywhere.

* * *

Richard saw Roberts' eyebrows rise. Roberts completely let go of his throat and actually began to get off him.
Richard let go of Roberts neck, too.
Jessica was a moving blur.
Jessica was suddenly there.
Jessica brandished a very sharp knife.
"No, I've always loved and protected you," Roberts cried, holding up his arm. He covered his face. "No. . ."
Jessica was so focused on stabbing Roberts back that she didn't see him stick out a foot and she tripped, the knife flying from her hand.  Jessica saw a half-broken bottle with dirt in it near her hand and picked it up, turning on Roberts.
She used the jagged edge of the broken glass as a weapon and jammed that into Roberts' back.
This time she said the word, "DIE."
And for a short moment time froze.

* * *

The glass sliced open his back and the dirt entered his wounds.
Kyle Roberts eyes were wide and empty as he gasped. The dirt burned his spine like acid. He remembered what Sar had looked like with dirt covering his intestines. The dirt in the glass was eating through Kyle's organs the same way.
"C is for. . .me. . .Condemned."
And wherever Kyle Roberts went on from there, forty other wretched souls that had been exiled on the island were released and followed.

* * *

Jessica rolled Roberts dead body off Richard with tears clouding her eyes. All Richard could make out was her face. "I. . .I'm. . .a mess."
"Oh, Richard, please don't die on me."
"You. . .you came."
"I couldn't leave without you. We're supposed to leave together." She put her arms around him and held him tightly. His head bobbed against her knees.
All he could feel now was pain. Pain had many forms and Richard felt them all. He felt pain for not being able to live the life he wanted, cheating death in the electric chair for something better which turned out to be Jessica, and bodily pain for his countless wounds.
"Richard, please don't leave me. . ."
"Listen," his vocal chords thrashed, he had to get this out, "a part of me will always be with you. I love you, Jessica."
"I love you, too."
He felt his body drifting away. He wanted to tell Jessica goodbye but decided that that was not what it was. He could see the huge birds of his dreams high above in the sky, slowly moving toward him.
"Hold me."
"Richard, stay with me. There are boats out there. A bunch of them. Don't leave me. We're going to get off this island together. We're going to get on your raft and float to the —"
Boats.
That was all Richard heard. The birds swooped down and grabbed him. He let them have him for the first time, knowing at last where the birds were taking him. He flew with them high up and away. Past the waiting ships with a purpose he suddenly knew. He couldn't help laughing at the irony.
The birds carried him into the clouds. Was he going to an island this time? No. But it was a paradise, he believed, because he felt no more pain. His body felt like it had never been aged and beaten. He looked into the clouds and saw a youthful reflection of himself. He had his full set of shining white teeth back. He had his well-groomed hair. He had his boyish face. He would never look sick, old and repugnant again.
It was quite some time before Richard looked at the birds to see the faces that carried him to the land of unknown. He was not surprised to see the faces were all the same. He had been right. He had told Jessica he'd always be with her and he wasn't lying.  All the birds had Jessica's shining face. Jessica.

* * *

"We're going to get off this island together. The boats. . .the boats. Richard, please don't leave me. Don't leave. . .me."
A part of me will always be with you.
Jessica closed Richard's eyes and her own while she wept. 
A few minutes passed before she stood, still staring at Richard. His face was not drawn up in the horrible grimace that Roberts was in. He looked, in spite of things, at peace with his passing.
 A part of me will always be with you.
 Jessica dug a grave for Richard with her bare hands ten feet from the spot where he had died. It wasn't a very deep trench, only deep enough to fit his body. She kept crying the whole way through. She remembered Richard burying Bobby and how she'd insisted he be the one to do it. It seemed so long ago.
In death he finally joined the east side of the island.
She laid Richard's body in the grave and covered it with dirt, patting it with her hand.
She turned and looked briefly at the corpse of Kyle Roberts and decided to let him rot where he lay.
From memory, she remembered the Japanese phrase Richard had used after burying Bobby: Shinin no waruguchi wa yokunai.
Speaking ill of the dead is not good.
She looked at the east island graveyard one last time and left.  
It was hard not looking back.


CHAPTER 38

She made it to the raft about fifteen minutes later. She had no problem finding it. We have the best chance during the day., the raft seemed to whisper.
Beside the raft, as innocent and alone as its creator was a tree-branch spear. She put the spear in the raft and started dragging it toward the beach. The raft didn't weigh as heavy as it looked. 
Thirty minutes later she reached the beach and stopped, exhausted. She saw even more ships out there now in the distance.
Jessica sat down on the raft and stared at Richard's greatest creation on the island. Many of his memorable words, many of their memorable times, kept moving across her brain.
After a short time, she began to feel his eyes staring down at her.
A part of me will always be with you.
And suddenly those eyes became hands, Richard's hands. They were rough, hard-worked, calloused, warm and wanting. Reaching and longing for her.
Overwhelmed with loneliness, she turned around.
Sure enough, a pair of hands were there and reaching to grab her neck.
Hands that didn't belong to Richard.
Hands that belonged to a man covered in moist dirt and sand. He looked like he had gone into the ocean naked and then rolled around in wet sand.
"You aren't going anywhere," the man said, his voice a grating noise as if rubbing across sandpaper.
Jessica leaned forward quickly enough to throw Torque off balance. He tumbled over her, losing purchase on her neck, plunging into the sand.
Not over. Jessica thought. It goes on and on in this purgatory.
The dirt-man struggled to his feet, offering his monstrous hands.
"You'll die again, bitch." He charged her.
Jessica tried to roll away, but the madman caught her neck in his hands.

* * *

His dirt-infested hands started to twist in a familiar motion.
To torque.
Somewhere in Torque's battered brain, he knew the bitch beneath him wasn't Nina, but it helped to numb the pain coursing through his body to focus on Nina's face and not this stranger that his Dark Lord wanted.
"You're coming with me," Torque said, 
DO NOT LET HER ESCAPE.
Yes, my Dark Lord.
BRING HER TO THE SOIL.
 And even though he didn't know Jessica Stanton, it seemed most compelling, and certainly most fitting, that she should be just-another-Nina in disguise.
All the more reason for her to die the same way.

* * *

His hands burned her throat. 
"We will both be fresh flesh," the dirt-man said as one of his dirt-encrusted eyeballs popped out and bounced off her shoulder. 
The muscles in Jessica's neck bulged, a mystery bone cracked. Pain coursed to her brain in potent doses. The world spun around her. Her eyes were only able to focus on one thing.
The tree-branch spear.
Jessica tried not to look at the gore. Her mind spun.
Tonight I'll teach you how to make a spear. Just in case.
Jessica reached for the spear.
In case what?
She clutched it tightly.
You see, we have some wild animals on the island. Mostly night creatures. They probably won't bother you but I'd feel much safer knowing you can protect yourself.
 Jessica stared into her attacker's dark, angry face with one eye caked with dirt.  
With a tree branch?
Her attacker's grip tightened as he began to twist her neck.
Don't knock it. A finely-honed tree branch can go through you like butter.
She thrust the branch-spear into her attacker's face.  True to Richard's words, it went through her attacker's forehead like butter. 

* * *

Torque saw it coming, but was too stunned to stop it.  The last feeling of life he had was a prickling sensation somewhere behind his last intact eye. Soon the dirt popped that out too, revealing two holes filled with dirt.
And a brief picture of Nina and he, Wally Adamson, not Torque. They were riding bikes over a bridge with water running beneath it and a child never born on the back of Wally's bicycle.
And then a hand rose from the water connected to a body with the face he'd seen last night in the airplane. The face of the island creature snatched him from the bike and pulled him into the cold water.
Torque emerged from the water and back into the dirt-man body on the beach. 
ETERNITY, MY SON.

* * *

To Jessica's astonishment, the dirt-man reached up and pulled the branch-spear out of his face. He began to laugh as pieces of his mouth and teeth came out with a sickening, wet sound from his face.
"Fresh flesh," he said again, reaching for Jessica's neck and choking her.
An explosion rocked the east side of the island and the dirt-man released his grip. He turned and something that might have been fear filled his dirt-dripping face.
"No!"
Jessica saw another missile shooting from one of the ships in the distance heading toward the island. She grabbed the raft and pulled it toward the ocean as the dirt-man stayed locked in place twisting and turning in agony as another missile struck the east side of the island.
The ground shook as Jessica put the raft in the water and started to wade out further. Fire and smoked filled the sky as she saw the dirt-man topple to a knee. The sand swirling around his body and caught him in a mini-tornado.
When she was in waist deep, she climbed up on the raft and kicked at the water forcing it to move out further. At some point when she'd put thirty feet from the shore, Jessica pulled Richard's photograph out of her tattered red blouse pocket.
The tide rushed in, dragging her further out to sea and closer to the ships in the distance. She wasn't surprised the raft floated well. She believed Richard could have done anything if only he'd made better choices with his life.
It was up to Jessica now. She needed to have the chance for both of them.
The ships grew bigger. The water lashed her. She had no fear of dying. It wouldn't have fazed her if Bobby and the Crawlers emerged from of the water and jammed a few tunes for her. She was riding on fate, win or lose, black or white, dead or alive.
She didn't look behind her again.
But she heard another missile strike.
It was a thunderous boom. It sounded as if a million people rallied together and screamed.
The boats are here for the island—them—not me.
It was the first of multiple explosions.
The missiles struck their target behind her, burning the island's face.
A part of me will always be with you.
She could see men on the ships. Hope surged in her chest. They could see her. They were motioning her direction.
The island fire and smoke filled the sky behind her.

* * *

"Jesus, do you see that?" a young, red-haired ensign cried. "Admiral, look. In the water there's a raft."
Admiral Bodecker came down to the bow and took the binoculars. He'd seen pictures of the woman before. They had been right all along about what happened to her.
Jessica Stanton was alive.

* * *

She could see the men on the closest ship to her waving. They scrambled to get into a small boat. They were coming to rescue her at last.
That was when the wave climbed up over the raft.
She had seen a similar wave the night of the storm. When Edward and her had gone up on the deck the waves were there waiting to claim them. She'd seen it creep out of the distance. A hulking, perilous wave that swallowed the yacht.
Instead of the ocean executing her, similar to what some faceless, secret group did back in the states with the death row convicts, Jessica had been granted a sentence on the island. Two months of impossible time.
The ocean formed the prison walls. She should have known all along this was how she was meant to die. Her brief terror-filled stop on the island was a premonition of this moment. She could escape Bobby, Bat Jackson, The Indian, Kyle Roberts and dirt-man but not the ocean.
Richard, I'm coming to join you.
The loudest of all explosions sounded behind her.  It came out badly distorted and muted because she was already underwater. The wave was taking her down, deep down to the murky black. Down to the LADY STANTON and all the other vessels the ocean had claimed. Down, she sank deeper, still clutching Richard's graduation picture, refusing to let the ocean's hungry jaws pry away that one last important item.
Hands pushed through the water, grabbed and pulled her body. She was hoisted out of the water and into a boat. She looked back at the island ablaze in the distance.
"It's ok," warm rescuer voices said. "We've got you now."
Jessica looked down at Richard's picture in her hands.
A part of me will always be with you.
When she looked up, she saw the island burning in the distance. She zoomed in and focused on the southwest beach. The tide rolled in there, unfazed by the smoke and flames. While most of the island was dying there still existed one place where something fresh could wash ashore, something the ocean prison wasn't ready to claim.

###

ACKNOWLDGEMENTS

This adventure began November 2, 1988 and thanks are due to a number of fine people that along with me have believed in this story. My agent Sandra Dijkstra and first associate agent Kathy Saideman (Goodwin). Numerous editors have offered suggestions after reading the original manuscript, but the most thorough was Jeanne Cavelos. Beta readers David Green and Debbie Brumby gave feedback on the 2011 draft. Proofreaders Lloyd Porter and Debbie Powell helped send the gremlins back to the dirt.
Perhaps most importantly: you. Thank you for reading. Can I ask one more favor? I would be grateful if you'd travel to the review sites and leave a few words with your feelings about the book.

Horrifically Yours,
Todd Russell
September 28, 2011


The next book in the FRESH series . . . 

(not actual book cover art)

ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Todd Russell loves reading and writing scary, thrilling, suspenseful stories. He lives with his wife in the small city of Orting, Washington overlooking beautiful, active and deadly, Mount Rainier.
Mental Shrillness, a collection of horror short stories, was his first book and is available in both paperback and ebook. FRESH FLESH is his debut novel and is also available in paperback.
He is working on more books while trying to set a world record for the most consecutive days writing a new short story. Learn more and follow his progress at his website: toddrwrite.com

Correspondences for the author should be addressed to:
Todd Russell
PO BOX 256
Orting, WA 98360

Connect with Todd Russell Online
Official Website
http://toddrwrite.com/
Email
todd@toddrwrite.com
Facebook
http://facebook.com/booksbytoddrussell
Twitter
http://twitter.com/Todd_Russell
