I am dead.

This is how I feel, this is what I know, but a small part of me refuses to believe it. Wasn't I alive just yesterday? I have a doctor's appointment to go to next week and I need to leave a reminder for my office manager. He's forgetful and even though I told him about this a month ago, he won't remember.

But, no, I don't have a doctor's appointment next week. That's already past. It's been four months, two weeks, and three days since the day I should've gone to the doctor. It was only a routine check up, anyways. Not absolutely necessary, but it would have provided peace of mind.

My mind is anything but peaceful now. I don't know if I still have one.

...

Five months ago I was sitting on my couch eating take-out Chinese and watching the news. I never knew why I enjoyed watching the news, but it seemed like the adult thing to do, you know? Granted, wearing my pajama pants with cartoon versions of cats and a grey athletic t-shirt didn't help my illusion of adulthood. Nor did eating directly out of the lo mein carton with a pair of wooden chopsticks, but still. Sometimes it's good to feel more adult, even if the rest of your life isn't exactly there.

There was a breakthrough announcement on the news that night, too. I remember them hyping it up at the beginning, saying it could change the face of humanity as we knew it. Dutifully, I watched through dull segments involving a local bake sale and a church's outrage at a movie theatre refusing to remove a supposedly risque poster from their front lobby. Maybe I should've switched the channel, though.

What did this breakthrough announcement have to do with me? Was it another cell phone? I loved my cell phone as much as the next person, but the way they came out with new ones every year(and they always have new features that seem suspiciously like the old ones), I would never understand why people got so excited about those things. I wanted mine to work, I wanted to call people on it, and I'd like to be able to occasionally text someone and maybe check my email.

The announcement wasn't about a phone, though. I stabbed a potsticker with my chopsticks and nibbled on the edges while some NASA scientist explained their newest discovery.

Hibernation, hypothermia, an isolated virus that could mimic these conditions at a safe level. Once they finished with more rounds of experimentation, they could use this knowledge for extended space travel. The goal was to induce a type of suspended animation in astronauts so they could travel to distant planets with minimal necessities.

It sounded like a bunch of Star Trek mumbo jumbo to me. I'm not stupid, I graduated college with a marketing degree, but this had nothing to do with me. In a hundred years when people finally colonized Mars and someone built a restaurant chain up there, they could call me in to help figure out their branding, but none of this affected me right now.

This was what I thought then. In four days, everything changed.

...

I wander through the city, confused. I am cold beyond belief and nothing I can do will warm me up. I try holding my hands tight against my chest and huddling on the ground, but it doesn't help. I've tried putting on more clothes, but this doesn't work, either. I've tried taking off my clothes, too. I go inside and outside, but no.

My skin is a pale blue like the color of pure water. I feel sick and I know I should go see a doctor, but there are no doctors anymore; not for me or anyone like me. I am one of them and I am hated. I understand this, but I don't want it.

It's hard to walk sometimes, but other times I manage it fine. I feel clumsy, as if I've had too much to drink at the bar, but I don't think I've had alcohol for months. I can't remember.

And then it happens.

As much as I feel it, I'm not alone. A majority of the people surrounding me are like me, but different. They give in to their urges or they think differently, or there's something that separates me from them. I think it's the fact that I can't give in no matter what. I have a doctor's appointment to go to next week, afterall.

The others around me stand up and stumble forwards after the intruders. Men and women, regular, just like us except with peach-colored skin(or tanned, or darker, it makes no difference) rush through the city streets. They bash through a storefront window with a baseball bat. The crashing sound of glass makes me shudder.

The others chase them with a speed none of us knew we had. I watch them run, legs creaking, frantic to catch the people breaking into the convenience store. The people in the store yell at each other, screaming.

"Hurry! Grab what you can and go! We don't have much time!"

I don't know what they're grabbing, but I know why they don't have much time.

Most of them make it out fine. A younger man drags behind, though. When he went to jump out of the front window, he cut his leg on the broken glass and fell onto the concrete sidewalk. One of his group stopped for a second and looked at him, trying to decide what to do, but when the rest of his people run off to safety, he abandons the young man.

The young man is stuck, limping. He won't escape.

I can't watch and I turn away. It hurts; it's painful. I know why they do it and I'm tempted to do it myself. The feeling of warmth and closeness like a lover's embrace. Heat and intimacy.

Except nothing they do is loving. They are ruthless and vicious and in their obsession for warmth they'll destroy the man.

I hear him scream and I want to cry but I run away as fast as I can. My feet slip on the sidewalk and I stumble, hitting against the side of a building, but I keep going.

Why is it like this? Why?

...

After I ate a can of warmed beans, I felt better. It wasn't hard to get the can of beans, but it was difficult to heat them. Fortunately, I knew of a place on the outskirts of the city in a wooded area where there was a house with a gas generator and a microwave. I knew it wouldn't last forever, but it suited me for now. If I used the generator sparingly and made trips to get gas in the middle of the night, I could sustain myself for awhile.

That's how I imagined it going, but it didn't always work like that. The problem was that, while the warm beans slipped down my throat easily and warmed me up, filling my stomach with a soothing heat, it never lasted. While eating them, I felt wonderful, though. I felt human and alive, like myself once more. If I flipped on the TV--if there was anything actually on TV--and sat on the couch, propping my feet up on the coffee table, maybe I could forget about all of this for awhile.

The beans kept me feeling warmer for half an hour or so, but then the chill crept in. I didn't have enough energy or beans to keep eating forever, though. It also didn't help that I felt like I'd eaten a Thanksgiving dinner after only half a can of the things. I could only eat once a day at most without feeling wretched and sick. Most of the time I ended up going two days in between meals.

For now, for a little while, I felt nicer, though. I walked through the hallway to the master bedroom and grabbed a bathrobe off the back of the door, slipping my arms into the sleeves and tying it into place. Finding a book by Nicholas Sparks on the bedside table, I snatched it up and fell into bed. I slid beneath the thick blankets, hoping to keep warm for a little while longer, then opened to the dogeared page in the book and began reading.

I read for a few minutes before the chill started. My feet grew colder and I started breathing slower, more shallowly. I felt tired, so tired, but I wanted to read a little more. I needed to know what happened to Ally and Noah. Did everything turn out fine? It was darker outside than I remembered, but I could still read. I needed to, desperately desired it, and yet...

I folded the corner of the page I was on and carefully placed the book on the bedside table once more. Curling my knees up to my chest and closing my eyes, I lay in bed.

...

No one knew what exactly happened, and least of all Evan. He wished he knew, because maybe that would put some sense into all of this, but even if he did there wasn't anything he could do about it.

News stations reported an accident and a breakout. Contamination or something, but no one needed to act concerned. It was best if people remained in their homes and closed the doors.

Of course, no one did that. Why should they? Well, Evan did it, because apparently he was an idiot. That's what his roommate told him at the time before he rushed out of their apartment and into the streets.

It didn't matter if you left or stayed, though. It was something else entirely. He couldn't say why it didn't affect him or who it did affect, but it caused people to change. The virus released from the labs made people slow and stumbling. They could still talk, but in his experience they usually didn't want to. Sick and pale, shambling around the city, looking like...

Zombies.

He laughed thinking about it. Zombies, really? That was some serious movie shit right there. People rising up from their graves, eating brains, hordes upon hordes of the living dead.

This wasn't exactly that, though. These people weren't dead; they were sick. He tried to tell everyone that, but no one listened to him.

"You're not a doctor, Evan," Alex said. "Just stick to hunting like you're good at. We need someone like you. It's safer if we stay away from the city unless we need supplies."

The city. That's what everyone called it now. No names, no recognition. They didn't want to acknowledge that the buildings in the city had names and history. There was no past; it didn't exist. Maybe it was easier that way. Maybe it helped people cope with their losses and figure out how to live in this screwed up place.

Evan didn't like it, though. He didn't want to live in a fake city in the middle of the woods made out of tents. He didn't want to act like none of his past life existed, and he didn't want to treat anyone like a zombie.

It didn't matter what he wanted, though, it mattered what they did. And they--the zombies--killed people. There was some reason, some gut instinct told him so, but what? Why would they do it? What was their purpose?

He wasn't anyone important. He was just Evan, a man who'd grown up hunting, played football in high school and college, and worked a respectable job as an EMT while trying to save up money to continue on with medical school.

Yeah, like Alex said, he wasn't a doctor, but he would've been. And while higher learning had kind of gone out the window with the mass viral outbreak, if he had any say in things he'd still be a doctor some day. Maybe he couldn't get an official degree, but he could study. He refused to let anyone stop him.

...

I'm walking through the city, confused. Why am I here? I can't remember. I need to go to my doctor's appointment, I'm sure of it, except where is my car? Do I have my keys? Reaching to my side for my purse, I realize I must have left it at home.

My hand, my skin. I stare at my arm, unsure if what I'm seeing is real or not. My skin is a pale blue all the way from my fingertips and up my forearm, to my shoulder. It looks like I've painted my fingernails purple, but I never paint them that color.

Then I remember everything.

I can't remember why I came here or what I needed to do, but I can't stay. The others shamble around nearby or lay in a huddled mess somewhere in the shadows. No one wants to do anything, but I do. I must. Except what?

Sometimes I find it hard to walk, but I know that I need to. If I focus on one step at a time I can act like everyone else; like I used to. Strolling through the street, looking at the storefronts, I pretend it's just any other day. There's a shop I like, a small custom-craft wardrobe boutique, and I stop in front of it and look inside. Someone's broken the window and upturned the dress dummies that used to show off the owner's most recent fashions, but it doesn't matter.

Reaching my hand out, I grab the hem of a pretty red dress and feel it between my fingers. It's soft and comforting and I want to try it on. Walking to the door, I try to pull it open, but it's locked. I could go through the window, but the broken glass might cut me.

Not everyone cares. Looking around, I can see the shattered fragments of people's lives on their bodies. A dark-blue skinned man has cuts all along his arms, probably from grabbing things out of broken-windowed shops or digging through the trash. A child nearby, motherless, stumbles through the streets with bruises all along her legs from falling too much. She almost looks like any other little girl except these bruises are large and angry, a thick purplish-blue color.

A woman stares off into the horizon. I imagine she's the mother to the child, letting her little girl play before they go home for the day and sit down to a nice family meal in their cozy dining room. I don't actually think that's going to happen, but it's nice to think it.

I used to attend college nearby, so I decide to walk there. A quick, brisk pace, no shambling or stumbling. One foot in front of the other, watching myself walk, forgetting about anything else. I walk with a purpose, with determined strides. At the front of the college, I stop for a moment and peer into the front gates.

The gates are chained shut to keep the students in and unwanted intruders out. That's how it's supposed to be, anyways. Maybe I wasn't the best example of a student, but we used to slip out of our dorm rooms late at night and climb over the campus walls. It wasn't very safe, nor was it a great idea, but we did it anyways. Making my way alongside the walled off college campus, I head through an alleyway leading to the back of the building. Who knows why, but there's a small park here with a couple of trees and a bench, hidden away in between houses and society.

I stand on the bench and reach for the lowest branches of the tree, pulling myself up. It takes awhile, but I manage, and in a moment more I have my leg up and over the wall. Then the other, pulling myself up higher, sitting, and...

I jump down and land inside the college campus grounds. No one else is here since the gates are locked. I don't think anyone knows how to get in here, but I wonder about that. It honestly shouldn't be too difficult to break the chain or the lock since they aren't the best quality, but I suppose no one really cares. Why should anyone want to go to college now?

Because, I think, it's nice. Quiet and alone, I walk down the pathways winding through the different enclosed buildings. I used to sit outside on nice days and pretend to study while watching cute boys walk by. And if I actually needed to study, the library was close to my dorm room. We had an elevator, but I liked to use the stairs, so I could just skip down them, out into the open fresh air, take a short walk, and there the library was.

Through the large glass windows of the library, I see someone sitting at one of the tables reading a book. My feet stop, frozen in place. Is that really a person? What are they doing in there? Why would someone else come here besides me? The windows are tinted and I can't see through them clearly, but this man doesn't look like the others I'm used to seeing.

...

Evan knew Alex wouldn't appreciate him leaving like this. He knew he shouldn't do it, either, but he needed to. Just for a little while, and after that he'd go hunting for deer and bring back something for the camp to eat. Alex was a bit difficult to deal with sometimes since he was ex-military, but he knew what he was doing. If not for him, Evan probably wouldn't have survived this long.

Or, actually, he knew he could survive on his own, but the social interaction really saved him. You never realize how much you miss talking with people until there's no one to talk with. He only had to deal with that for a few days before joining up with the survivor's group, but those few days were some of the worst of his life. Confusion and chaos, hoping everything would calm down and return to normal, except it never did. Situations escalated, people panicked, droves upon droves of craziness.

In the movies you always saw zombie situations dealt with using extreme force. Bombs and military blockades and things like that. Except this wasn't that. Would anyone expect the military to go around shooting hospitalized plague victims? He doubted it, and he sure wouldn't, though a lot of people he talked with now wished for that very thing.

Anyways, better not to dwell on it, he thought. He needed to study fast. Sticking his nose into the copy of Robbins Pathologic Basis for Disease he found in the library stacks, he continued reading as much as he could as fast as he could.

Something caught his eye outside, though. Looking out the window, he saw a woman standing in the courtyard. She looked back at him, blinking, eyebrows crinkled with a slight smile on her face; the sort of look that asks something like "What exactly are you doing here?" The glass was tinted, so he couldn't see her too well, but she looked nice. A little ragged, but everyone looked like that now.

Evan waved to her and gestured for her to join him if she wanted. Would she? He didn't know. The offer was there, though. Smiling bright, wondering what kind of person besides him would come to a college campus during a zombie apocalypse, he set himself back to his studies.

...

The man in the building waves to me and gestures me inside. I don't know what he's doing there, but he seems different. Maybe I'm dreaming, and I don't think it'd be the first time. If I came here for a reason, maybe he's it, though. I do need to go to the doctor's and I forgot my keys, so I should ask him for a ride. Is that weird to do? No one else is here, though. The worst he can say is no.

I stumble on a rugged piece of the sidewalk while making my way to the front door of the library. It must be a nice day outside because someone's propped the door open with a rock, letting the fresh air inside. The light wind brushes against my cheeks and sends my hair aflutter. Sighing, wistful, I step inside.

I feel very cold, but I think it's just the air conditioning they keep on in the library most of the time. It's funny because sometimes during the winter the central air system would kick on by accident and chill the place to near freezing. It never happened for too long because the librarians called up the maintenance man in a huff, but whenever it happened it made me laugh.

Is it winter now? It is very cold, but I don't see any snow on the ground so I doubt it is. Autumn, probably, or a chilly summer day.

I believe the man I saw must be a medical student; he was sitting in the health sciences section at any rate. No one's sitting behind the front desk which is a little odd. No one is anywhere, though, I remind myself. I walk through the turnstile into the library, holding onto the railing for support, and notice the pale blue color of my hands.

Everything changes.

No, I can't. The turnstile clinks behind me as I walk through and I pause at the other side, fearful and frozen in time. I don't belong here, not with him. I belong outside with the others, somewhere far away. If he sees me, he'll scream and panic. If he sees me, he'll run, and if he can't run fast enough they'll catch him.

Or maybe he isn't as fearful as that. Maybe he'll see me and become angry. Does he have a gun or a knife? I have no idea. All I saw was a book, but who knows what he had under the table. And, even a book hurts when someone repeatedly slams it against you. It's hard to feel pain sometimes now, but I still know it's there. I have little cuts and scrapes, scars, from when I first became like this and I don't want to feel that way again. I don't want to look at myself and know that I'm like this. I don't want reminders of how horrible a situation I'm in.

I want to go home. I want to eat something warm and steaming and lay in bed for my half hour of warmth while reading my book. I want to cry and know what happens to Ally and Noah and I want them to be happy and live together forever. Is that too much to want?

Just as I'm about to turn and leave, the man approaches me. He left the book at the library table and it's just him. He smiles, sees me, and then stops smiling. Face contorted, confused, lips pursed, he stares at me.

I don't know what to say. I try to leave, try to turn away from him, but the world is such a mess and I can't seem to figure out which way is which.

I fall. My foot catches on the edge of the turnstile and I begin to topple backwards.

This is going to hurt. I don't know how much I'll feel, but I know it'll happen. I look up, somber, watching the ceiling as my body seems to crash backwards in slow motion. Everything seems slow when you don't want it to happen. Slow, but that doesn't mean you can change anything. You have to watch it, wait for it, feel anxiety and fear in the pit of your stomach as your heart races and you worry.

I fall, but he catches me.

...

Evan didn't expect the woman to be a zombie. He didn't even want to call her that, but he didn't know what other word to use. It seemed like a type of racism to him, though. If he said something like that would she be offended?

Casual, Evan, he told himself. Act casual. She wasn't trying to eat him, which was good. He didn't actually know how that worked, since he tried to never to put himself in that kind of situation, but the stories people told back at his camp were never good. Vicious, vile things, creatures of death and anger, chasing people through the streets, and if they caught you...

Everyone knew what happened if they caught you. It was no secret. Evan disliked it, didn't want to believe it, but he knew, too. He'd seen it happen once from far away. But why?

This woman didn't do that, though. She wasn't chasing him and she had no horde of followers intent on trapping him in the library. She was just herself and he'd asked her to come inside. He'd waved, friendly, gestured her in, then went back to reading. He'd invited her here, and she came. There was nothing wrong with that.

She looked so uncomfortable, though. Pale, blue skin and a worried look on her face. Grabbing the turnstile at the entrance to the library, she tried to turn around, maybe to leave, but she slipped.

Fuck! Evan ran. He had time, they weren't too far apart, and he just barely made it. Jumping the last few feet, he caught her in his arms and fell with her, softening her fall with his body. They lay in a heap on the floor.

Evan laughed. "Sorry about that," he said. "I didn't mean to startle you."

His hand touched the side of her arm and she was soft to the touch. And cold. Not too cold, but noticeably cool. He eased her off of him slowly and stood up, reaching a hand out to help her up. She stared at him from the ground, looking at him funny.

...

I fell but he caught me.

So tight and close, he must have jumped to reach me in time. He looked athletic from afar, more than capable of dashing forward and catching someone, but I honestly didn't know why he did it. I was so grateful, though. I wanted to cry for another reason now, but it felt so silly and inconsequential.

He touched me, too.

It sounded bad in my head when I thought of it like that, but that was exactly what he did. His gentle, warm hands held onto the side of my arms, rubbing up and down, relaxing me. His heat was like a blazing furnace to my cool body. I felt alive and warm under his touch, so wonderful and amazing. I knew this was how the others felt, why they rushed towards people in a frenzy when they saw them, but I'd never felt it before myself.

He helped me off of him and stood at my side, smiling at me. Reaching out his hand, he wanted to help me up. I stared at him, still feeling his warmth, curious and contented.

Like them, all I needed to do was grab his hand. He looked strong, but if I caught him off guard while he helped me up I could squeeze his hand tight in mine and pull him back to the ground. His throat seemed to shine like some bright beacon. If I scratched, bit, killed...

I took his offered hand and held onto it tight and let him help me up off the ground. He smiled at me more and moved in close.

"Are you alright?" he asked.

I squeezed his hand and pulled him towards me. He came readily, watching me with interest. Lifting his hand up, I placed it on the side of my cheek.

Fire!

My cheek melted under his touch, feeling so wonderful and warm. I held his hand against my cheek and smiled at him.

"Thank you," I said. "You're so kind."

My eyes started to tear up and I knew I couldn't help myself anymore. Why was I crying? So dumb and silly, but I didn't think I could stop myself if I tried. He grinned and wiped the tears away from my eyes with his other hand. Warm, like the heat from a sauna, a few stray tears slipped down my cheeks, but he wiped those away, too.

"You're--" he said, pausing, brow furrowed. "Different."

"I'm a zombie," I said, feeling like we should get that out of the way.

"I didn't want to say that because it sounds prejudiced," he said with a chuckle. "I can call you that if you want, but maybe... do you have a name?"

"Sadie," I whispered. I hadn't used my name in so long, hadn't heard anyone call me that in months, but I liked it. I loved my name and wanted him to say it all of a sudden.

He did. My name slipped out of his lips like a liturgy during Sunday mass. "Sadie," he said, grinning. "It's nice to meet you. I'm Evan."

I wasn't crying anymore, merely staring at him with rapt fascination. The hand he'd used to wipe away my tears reached out. I accepted it, shook it, and held it tight, not wanting to let go. I did, though, I let him go. Bright tingles of warmth tickled through my fingertips and fingers, centered in my palm, so delightful.

"Do you want to come sit with me?" he asked.

I nodded, having no idea what to say to him.

"Would you mind, um...?"

I still held his other hand against my face, reveling in his warmth. He gently moved his fingertips, caressing my cheek.

"Oh," I said. "Oh, I'm sorry." Reluctantly, I let him go.

He took my hand, though; he didn't let me go completely. I held his hand as he led me towards his spot in the library. At that moment, I thought I would have followed him anywhere if only he kept holding me. The glimmering afterglow of his hand against my cheek felt magnificent, and the constant, cozy warmth of his hand holding mine was pure bliss.

We sat. He helped me into a chair and then he sat in the one next to me.

"You're cold," he said.

I frowned. "I know. I don't mean to be. I hope it's alright."

"No, no." He shook his head. "I just... I don't know why I said that. Does it hurt?"

"Does what hurt?" I asked. I felt lightheaded and happy, despite the fact he wasn't touching me anymore. His lingering warmth kept me feeling nice, like I'd just eaten half a can of molten hot soup and settled into my bed back home with my book.

"Well, I'm warm and you're cold. Was my hand too hot? You looked--"

"No!" I said in a panic. "No, no. Oh God, no. You... um..."

He smiled and scooted his chair closer to me, right next to mine. "What?" he asked. "You can say it. It's alright."

He touched me again. Both his hands reached for one of mine and he held my hand loosely in his own. I relished it and my eyes rolled into the back of my head. My body felt near orgasmic, alive, ecstatic. This was so remarkable and new to me and...

He let go of my hand. "Are you alright?" he asked, startled. He grabbed his medical book, looked at it, shook his head, and slid it away as he stood up. "Are you in shock? I can help you. I used to be an EMT. I don't have any medical equipment here, but hold on, Sadie. Everything's going to be alright. Just..."

I stared at him, blinking, then I laughed.

He looked at me with the funniest expression of confusion I thought I'd ever seen. "Sadie?"

"Ohhh." I grabbed his hand and pulled him back into his chair. "No. I'm fine. You're just so warm."

"Oh," he said.

"It feels nice," I said. "I like it." For good measure, I added, "I'm not trying to come on to you. I'm sorry if it sounds that way."

"Oh," he said. "No, that's fine? Huh. So you like the warmth?"

"Yes." I nodded. "A lot."

"Why are you so cold?" he asked. "Is it because...?"

Because I was a zombie. That's what he wanted to ask, I could tell, but I appreciated him being nice about it. "Yes," I said. "I think so. We're all like this. Me and the others."

The others, I thought. I was one of them and Evan wasn't. He was someone else far apart from what I was or what they were. I didn't know if I really belonged here talking with him. I didn't know if it would cause issues with him, either. Did he have someone waiting somewhere? Would they know he'd talked with me? If I stayed near him, would he turn into a zombie too?

"I want to help," he said all of a sudden, snapping me away from my depressing thoughts.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"There's something wrong. I don't know what it is, and I don't know if anyone knows, but there's something wrong with..."

He paused. I finished his sentence for him. "With me."

"No!" Evan stared at me hard. I could see the fire in his eyes like the warmth in his hands, steady and fierce. He touched me, placed his hand on my cheek again. "Ugh. I'm not good at this. I don't know how to say it. There's nothing wrong with you or anyone, Sadie. But... what's happened? Yes. What's happened isn't your fault, or anyone's fault, really. I want to fix it. I don't know how, or if I can, but I want to try."

I stared at him, more attentive than I'd felt in months. The look in his eyes, the way he kept his hand pressed against my cheek, his steady demeanor and his refusal to back down; it captivated me. Pulsing, matching the rhythm of his heartbeat, waves of incandescent heat spread from his hand to me. I held my hands against the back of his, worrying he might let go of my cheek if I didn't.

"I would like to think you can," I said. "I don't know how you would, though. I'm not sure it's possible."

Evan nodded. "I don't know, either. I've been studying, though. See?" He grabbed his book with his free hand and showed it to me: Robbins Pathologic Basis for Disease. "Not that, um, you have a disease or anything. I found the medical student curriculum in one of the offices here and this book was on the required reading list."

"Are you a doctor?" I asked.

"No. Not quite. I'm an EMT. Or..." He paused and looked at me with a strained look for a moment. Not quite at me, though, but past me. Through me. "I was an EMT. I'm not sure there's really such a thing anymore, though. I wanted to go to medical school and become a doctor. Or maybe a PA. I didn't have a chance before everything kind of went crazy. That doesn't mean I can't still do it, though. It won't be the same, but..."

"You're brave," I said. "It doesn't matter if you can't technically do it. I think you're very brave for wanting to do it anyways."

He smiled. "Thanks."

I felt shy, unsure if I should do this, but I decided to go for it. Leaning towards him, I kissed his cheek.

I nearly fell out of my chair, paralyzed by the feeling of his warmth against my lips. My body froze, tightened, and I couldn't move away. Nor did I want to move away. The heat, the pleasure, from something so simple as a kiss on the cheek exploded inside me like a fiery blaze.

"Sadie?" Evan said; but I was somewhere far away and couldn't hear him. "Sadie! Sadie, are you alright?"

He pulled me away and held my shoulders, looking hard at me. With my lips gone from his cheek, I felt some semblance of regularity returning. I'd felt imbalanced while kissing him, knocked out of equilibrium, like gravity had ceased to exist and I was falling forever.

"I don't think I should kiss you," I said, laughing, giddy.

"Oh?" He smirked. "Why not?"

"That was very strong. I felt heat--a lot of heat--and it felt nice but I couldn't think straight for a second. I've never felt that way before."

"That's curious," he said. "I wonder... what if I kiss you?"

I didn't know. I didn't know but I wanted to know. I was no stranger to kissing, but I hadn't ever kissed someone like that before. Who knew that a casual, thankful kiss on the cheek could feel so passionate? That was the only word I could think to describe it, like the fire of pure arousal licking at my lips.

"Sorry," Evan said. "I didn't mean that in a flirtatious way. I was just thinking out loud. Hypothesizing, if you will. I do that a lot now. Trial and error, right? It's a good way to educate yourself as long as you're careful."

"Oh," I said. I wanted him to kiss me now, though. Was he going to?

He gazed at me, into me. Our eyes met. I hoped he saw something nice in my eyes, something he liked. I definitely liked his eyes. They were a sharp, piercing blue and reminded me of something I'd seen recently, but I couldn't quite remember what.

Bang! Bang! Slam!

Jumping up, startled, I looked towards the front of the library where the noise came from. Evan stood with me, taking a place right next to me.

Staring at us through the library's front windows was a small group of the others. They slammed on the windows, trying to crack them open and break in. If they kept it up, they probably would, too.

"They shouldn't be in here," I said. "How did they get in? There's a chain on the front gates."

Evan sighed. "I broke the lock to get in here. I thought if I left the chain in place no one would notice. I guess that didn't work out."

"I know you want to help them," I said. Forcing myself to focus through the intense warmth, I placed my hands on Evan's face and made him look at me. "You need to run, though. They want to kill you."

"I know," he said. "It's alright."

Dashing a few steps away, leaving me cold and alone, Evan ducked under the library table and grabbed something from beneath it. When he returned and stood up, he held a crossbow and an arrow quiver full of bolts in his hands.

My mind reeled and I stared at him, conflicted. "Evan, you can't. Please, don't kill them. You need to run to safety."

He flashed me a grin while strapping the quiver and crossbow to his back. "No one's going to get hurt," he said. Without warning, he swooped forward and took my hand in his. "Let's go."

"What do you mean let's go?" I asked.

I asked him this, but I was already going with him. Evan ran through the library towards the back entrance with me in tow, squeezing my hand for good measure. My legs felt slow and unsteady, but he helped me whenever I took a bad step and nearly slipped. I followed him like a ship guided by a lighthouse, the ever-present heat of his fingers offering me a breadcrumb trail out of this screwed up fairytale forest.

Peeking over my shoulder, I saw the others chasing us. One of them stood at the window still, slapping on it with his bare hands, but the remaining four must have found the front entryway into the library. They hobbled past the turnstile, getting stuck in its slim path, but not for long. One made it through, then another, the third and fourth. None of them waited for each other, though.

They ran towards us in a shambling, awkward gait. The look of confusion on their faces contrasted with the decisive look in their eyes. They didn't want me--I was nothing but competition to them--but Evan's blazing heat was like the promise of a goldrush in their minds.

I understood now; I did. I resisted the urge to partake in the barbaric, seemingly-mindless onslaught of the others, though, no matter how many times I saw it or heard it nearby. Confused and lost, I wanted to retain whatever part of me I could. I wanted to care and have concern no matter how broken and defeated I was.

Others wanted to feel alive. The touch of warm skin igniting life inside of them, bringing them some semblance of normalness back to their cool, clumsy bodies. Strong thoughts and feelings, sensations and emotions, they wanted all of it.

I wanted it, too. Evan ran side by side with me, holding my hand, while the noisy clatter of his crossbow rang through the air and gave away our every move. All the others needed to do was listen for a moment and they'd know where we went, whether we lost sight of them or not. We needed to go faster, but I couldn't.

Evan could, I knew. If he let go of my hand he could flee to safety without worry. Even if he didn't know about the trees in the courtyard and how the college students here used to use them to sneak out at night, he should be fine running to the front gates and leaving the way he came in. If I let him go, if he ran faster, he'd be free.

He held my hand loosely, running with me, but I stopped and let his hand go. That was it, I thought. I expected to see him continue running towards the rear entrance and out into the open air, but he didn't. He stopped and turned around, looking at me with a puzzled expression.

"Go," I said. "You can get away if you leave me here. They won't hurt me. I'll be fine."

"I'm sure you will," he said, smiling. He took my hand in his again and squeezed it tight. "Come on. I have an idea."

"Didn't you hear me?" I said. Looking back, I saw the others gaining on us. I stood in place, thinking to force Evan to leave me, fighting against his gentle tugs.

"I heard you fine, Sadie. I just don't like your plan. Why not try going along with mine?"

He looked at me, smiling, not moving now. We just stood there quietly while the others threatened to catch up to us. I turned and looked and saw the nearest one only a few long library table's lengths away. Our chaser stumbled towards us, persevering despite the difficulty.

Evan tugged my hand lightly once more and this time I went with him.

"This is insane," I said. "I'm not fast enough."

"You don't have to be fast," he said. "Just watch."

We reached the stairs to the second floor of the library. My legs felt thick and slippery like grape jelly. It was difficult to climb stairs on the best of days for me, and after climbing over the walls to get in here and running this far, now was not one of those better days.

"I can't climb stairs well," I said.

Evan grinned. "That's the entire point."

I had no idea what he meant. Apparently he didn't need me to know, either. Kneeling fast, slipping one hand behind my knees and holding my back with the other, he lifted me up and cradled me in his arms.

"Evan!" I shrieked. "This isn't going to work!"

Evan laughed, climbing the stairs one at a time, steady yet fast. "Oh, it's not?"

I looked down, staring at the others following us. At the base of the stairs, barely an arm's length away from us, they hesitated. One of them leaped forwards and grabbed at Evan's foot.

I sucked in air and held my breath. Evan casually walked up the stairs, lifting his foot away from the outstretched hand right before it would have grabbed the cuff of his pants. Our assailant's head smacked against the step with a thud and he slid back down the steps, befuddled. I knew that wouldn't keep him distracted for more than a moment, but for now it worked.

What scars would it leave, though? Evan carried me up the stairs and I looked back sadly, worrying. I knew they wanted to catch him, to kill him, but it hurt to watch them. We might not feel pain as fully as anyone else, but it left its mark nonetheless. If the failed attacker gained a scar, some bruise, he probably wouldn't care, but it'd leave a mark.

I thought of them as marks of inhumanity, of difference. If most people cut themselves, they used bandages or ointment to help it heal, but in our confused, awkward states we really couldn't. Besides the fact that it took a lot of effort, sometimes I never even thought about it. When a regular person is injured, they can feel the pain and know to take care of it, but if that happened to me I might not realize the extent of my injury.

I had a few marks, myself. Evan carried me up the stairs as surely as he started, but I felt more awkward now. Shifting in his arms, hiding my legs with the skirt of my dress and my hands, I hoped he didn't realize what I was doing. Thankfully he didn't seem to notice with the adrenaline from our escape coursing through him.

He bounded up the last few steps effortlessly and then placed me back on the floor. I shook, unsteady, but he kept a hand on my waist to help me.

"I don't see how this is going to help," I said.

Already, climbing after us, came the others. One of them held the railing, slowly plodding his way up the stairs, while another followed behind him, half crawling and half pulling himself up. The remaining two stood at the bottom still, but I had no doubts they'd begin their ascent soon.

"The windows," Evan said, as if his comment needed no explanation.

I stared at him, raising one brow. "Huh?"

"The first floor doesn't actually have windows," he said. "They're more like glass walls. Right? Up here you can open the windows, though."

"You can't mean..."

He interrupted me by taking my hand in his. I didn't know for sure, but I thought he did it on purpose, catching me off guard while I enjoyed the heated trill of his skin sending warm shivers through my body.

"Come on," he said.

I went, I followed, but I wanted him to know I didn't enjoy his demanding nature. "You can't just tell me what to do," I said. "And you can't just... do... you're tricking me."

He couldn't just touch me and distract me and expect me to do everything he wanted was what I meant to say, except if I said that it not only sounded wrong, but it maybe told him more about this than I wanted him to know. Did he know? Maybe he didn't realize it yet. And, honestly, was that the reason I was following him in the first place? I wasn't entirely sure.

"I'm not tricking you," he said. "I want you to come with me."

He wanted me to go with him? I didn't understand why, though. For what reason? It hurt to think it, but I assumed he wanted to study me. He wanted to ask me questions and learn about what made us like this. He wanted to know about the others and to understand it, so he could figure out a solution. Some curative desire of his, a medicative need.

He didn't want me to go with him for any real reason. For all I knew, he didn't even really like me. I doubted he hated me, but he had ulterior motives, of that I was positive. Still, was that alright? I liked him, his heat. He seemed nice and friendly. I did want to stay near him, but I didn't really know why or for what exact reason.

We walked to the nearest window and Evan began spinning the handle to levy the window open. I watched him, curious. He was handsome, I decided. I hadn't really bothered to notice before, but I liked the way he looked. Somewhat rugged and rough, but not too over the top. He had a bit of stubble on his cheeks, which looked nice, but I hoped he never grew a full beard. His clothes were loose, so I couldn't tell for sure, but he must be strong since he'd carried me up the stairs without too much effort.

I loved his hair, too. Wavy and loose, dark black. I wanted to run my fingers through it and touch it. I could, I decided, be very happy doing that and then grabbing the back of his head and pulling him in for a kiss. If he wanted, if we were dating, which we weren't, and I was a zombie... he, of course, wasn't, and I didn't know why I thought these things because obviously neither of us should care about them. I knew Evan wouldn't, and I shouldn't, but...

He opened the window as far as it would go, which wasn't nearly far enough for either of us to slip out of. The window opened at the top, held in place by retracting metal bars. Standing, surveying what he had to work with, he grunted.

"I wish I had a screwdriver," he said.

"Why?" I asked.

"Then I wouldn't have to kick out the window."

Evan kicked at the sides of the window casing. With a creak, the metal bars strained against his onslaught. A few more kicks on one side of the window and the thin bar came loose, flapping away from the casing. Moments later the other side came loose. The window hesitated for a second, falling outwards slowly. With a loud crash, it smacked against the outside of the library, glass shattering and cascading to the ground in a million little pieces.

"All set," he said.

Behind us, finishing the struggle up the stairs, our first chaser appeared. He must have hesitated at the top, unsure where we went, but at the obvious sound of the breaking glass, his head swiveled towards us. He stared at me as I looked at him, and then he bolted towards us.

Evan leaped out of the window to the grassy ground below. Springing to a stop a few feet away, he glanced up at me and smiled.

I couldn't do it, I couldn't go. I wanted to, I really did, but I couldn't. What if I slipped and fell? If I hit my head, no matter what I was like now, I'd definitely fall unconscious. Or even if I didn't hit my head, what if I didn't jump far enough and scraped my knees? If I landed in the glass and cut myself, I'd end up with more marks; more signs of my inhumanity.

Evan wouldn't leave. I briefly considered not jumping and forcing him to leave. I knew it wouldn't work, though. The leader of the pack coming after us was currently in a mad bullrush for the window and he was going to jump out of it no matter what I did. I imagined Evan standing there, smug, not even caring.

"Oh, I'm in horrible danger?" I pictured him thinking. "It doesn't matter. Let me just act a fool in order to get this zombie girl I just met to come with me."

Except he wouldn't call me a zombie. He hadn't said it at all, not once. He hadn't treated me like anything but a person, and I appreciated that so much. I didn't feel like a zombie, nor did I want to be a zombie. I did feel odd sometimes, out of place, confused and disoriented and unsure, but that was it.

I jumped.

I fell into Evan's arms. He stepped forward to catch me and we toppled to the ground, but no more. I didn't hit my head, didn't scrape my knees. The glass wasn't anywhere near us and so I didn't need to worry about that, either. We lay in the grass, huddled together, breathing quickly.

Our first follower stumbled out of the broken window and collapsed onto the ground next to us. I screamed, startled, staring at him.

He'd landed on his feet, but hadn't had the sense to buckle his knees to soften his fall. Instead, he landed hard and fell forward, face first into the ground. I never knew what happened after that because Evan lifted me off the ground and to my feet, turning me away from the fallen man.

"This way," I said, pointing to the easily climbable tree and the student's secret sneak-out route. "There's a hidden way out."

Evan nodded and we ran for it. He ran slowly now, though, oddly. I looked over at him and realized his crossbow must have jarred his shoulder when he caught me.

"Your hurt," I said.

He brushed it off. "I'm fine. Where is it?"

I showed him to the nearby spot with the tree. There was no bench on this side to get started, but the wall wasn't too high and the tree branches grew lower than the ones on the other side. Evan nodded once we arrived and went straight to business.

Removing the quiver and crossbow from his back, he jumped up and slipped them onto the top of the stone wall. Getting to his knees next to the wall, he looped his fingers together and looked at me pointedly.

"I'll help you up. It'll be faster this way. Just step onto my hands and use the wall to brace yourself. I'll lift you up as high as I can. Can you jump to the other side fine if I get you to the top? If not, I can climb up after you and help you down."

"I can do it," I said. Breathing in deep, I stared at him kneeling on the ground. "I don't know if this is a good idea, though."

"It's not a good idea," he said with a grin. "It's a great idea! I promise I won't drop you."

I rolled my eyes at him and sighed. Stepping into his hand with one foot, I reached out and braced myself against the wall with my arms. Carefully, he lifted me up. He slipped when he went to stand and cursed under his breath.

His shoulder. I'd completely forgotten. I could climb the tree--I'd done it before. We didn't need to do it this way and I should've realized we shouldn't, too.

"I can climb on my own," I said. "You're hurt, Evan."

He ignored me, grimacing, and then with a grunt he pushed through the pain in his arm and stood up. I wobbled at first, but kept myself balanced against the wall. Worried, frowning, I watched him but he refused to accept my anxiety.

He lifted me higher. I reached out and grabbed the other side of the wall, then pulled one leg over the top while holding on. Lifting my other leg off his hands, I spun up and onto the top of the wall.

But I didn't jump to the other side.

The last of our group of chasers, the one who had never come inside to begin with, content with slamming his open palms against the glass instead, staggered around the corner of the building. The three inside approached the broken glass around that time, too. All four of them surveyed the yard, spying their fallen companion. Slowly, seeking, they scanned for Evan.

And then they saw him. Evan grabbed onto the tree and lifted himself up. Or, he tried to. He used the wrong arm and winced in pain, then jumped back to the ground.

The group of others saw him and regained their desire for the chase. The one already on the ground bolted forward, intent on getting to Evan before the rest. One of the ones on the second floor of the library furrowed his brow for a moment, but then leapt to the ground. Better prepared than his predecessor, he landed lightly in the grass, ready to hunt.

This time with his other arm, Evan grabbed the lowest branch again. He tried to climb one-handed, but wasn't making much progress.

I stared at him, then glanced towards his soon-to-be attackers. Back and forth, my eyes darted from one to the other. He couldn't get up, wouldn't be able to make it in time.

Laying flat against the top of the wall, I reached one arm down and stretched it out as far as I could.

"Evan!" I screamed.

He saw me, saw my hand. With one last ditch effort, he snatched a branch with his good arm and reached up for my hand with his bad one. I touched him, felt the heat flare into my palm. It shocked and startled me, even now, but I clenched my hand into a fist and squeezed his hand in mine.

Clamping my eyes shut, too scared to look, I pulled. Hard. Harder than I ever thought I'd pulled anything before.

Evan's shoulder popped; I felt it. My eyes opened, shocked, and I gasped aloud. I'd meant to help him but I'd hurt him even more. I couldn't bear to look, didn't want to see the others descend upon him in bloodthirsty panic. And yet I didn't want to never see him again, either. I wanted to hold his hand and feel his warmth. I wanted him to touch my cheek and smile at me and talk to me as if I was just a regular person again.

I wanted it so badly it hurt. Unlike physical pain, this pain wasn't dulled.

Dumbfounded, scared and panicked, eyes wide and fearful, I watched as Evan scrambled up the tree easily and leaped onto the top of the wall. He sat down next to me, legs dangling over the sides, while the others below us tried to grab his feet.

"Whew!" he said. "That was close."

"What happened?" I asked, staring at him. I didn't understand any of this.

"Oh. Thanks for that. I must have kind of popped my shoulder out of place a little when I caught you before. Nothing too bad, just really painful if you don't let it fix itself. I could have done it if I had some time, but, you know?" He offered a curt nod to the ground and the others snatching for his boots. "Your way was much quicker."

"Oh," I said. "You're welcome."

Evan grabbed his crossbow and quiver and strapped them to his back again, then twisted around and jumped off the wall into the alleyway below. Standing patiently and waiting for me, he held out his arms as if to catch me.

"I'm not letting you catch me," I said.

He laughed. "That might be for the best."

I jumped fine and landed beside him.

"Do you have a place to stay?" he asked.

I blinked at him, eyes hazy. "What do you mean?"

"I don't actually know how that works. I assume you go somewhere for the night, though? Or just whenever? I'm not sure. Do you have a home or, uh... do you wander around the city?"

"Oh," I said. "Yes. There's a house outside the city in the forest. It's off a side road. I usually go there. It's not too far away and it's quiet and nice. I..." I paused because I didn't want to say this to him, but I knew I had to. "I should go now, then. It was nice meeting--"

He stopped me. "I'll walk you home." Taking my hand in his, offering me his warmth once more, he smiled. "It's the least I can do, right?"

...

After sneaking through the city and leaving by way of one of the back roads, Evan and I walked easily the rest of the way to my home. My home, I thought. I was going to show it to him, but I hadn't expected to ever show it to anyone.

It wasn't truly mine, either. I'd claimed it, as it was, though who knew if the previous owners cared too much. I hadn't seen them--or anyone--in the few months that I'd stayed there.

The driveway was long and winding; hardpacked dirt surrounded on either side by trees. At the end, in a clearing, was the house and the yard. Whoever lived here before probably liked their privacy, and I liked mine, too. I never really went into the yard, but it was nice, with a fenced in section in the back and a more open space in the front and sides. A big place, but not in the grand scheme of things. Just a small cutaway section in the middle of nowhere, nothing that would ever really catch someone's eye.

Or so I thought.

"Wow," Evan said. We walked side by side, holding hands, arms swaying back and forth. "How did you find this place? Was it yours before?"

"No," I said. "They abandoned it. I don't remember how I found it."

"You don't remember?"

Halfway down the driveway, only a little more to go. I thought maybe I should've ignored his question and changed the subject, but the words came out of my mouth, unbidden.

"I think it's this way for everyone," I said. "Everyone like me; the zombies. We get lost. I don't know how to explain it besides that. Almost all the time I feel lost and alone and confused, like I should be going somewhere, but I don't know where to go. I wander a lot because of that. Just kind of in a daze, you know? I walked out of the city one day into the woods and then I ended up here."

We reached the end of the driveway, walking the last few steps in silence. I started to head for the stairs up a tiny hill that led to the front porch and door, but Evan stopped me. Pulling me back to him, squeezing my hand, he said. "You're not a zombie, Sadie."

"I know you're trying to act kind," I said, taking my hand away; feeling sad when he let me go. "I am, though. I don't have a heartbeat anymore. I've tried to feel it before, but I can't find it. I'm dead, Evan. I don't know how to tell you that and I don't want to be that, but that's what I am."

"Let me try," he said.

"What?"

"I don't think you're dead. Let me see if I can find your pulse."

I furrowed my brow at him, harrumphing, but decided to give in. Shoving my arm out towards him, palm upraised, I said, "Go ahead, but you won't find anything."

His blazing fingers wrapped around my wrist. Resting his thumb on the outer part of my upturned hand, he went about proving me right. I stood there, watching him, knowing I shouldn't get my hopes up but wondering if maybe I was wrong. I knew I wasn't, though.

I breathed in and out, and still nothing. Evan waited patiently for a few seconds, shifting his thumb a little this way and that, but I recognized that look on his face. He hadn't found anything either and would soon need to accept what I'd told him.

He frowned, looking from my wrist to my face, ready to speak, but then he hesitated. His eyes lit up, a smile on his face, and he shook his head fast.

"No," he said.

"No what?" I asked. "What are you saying?"

I sounded desperate, I knew it, but I needed him to say something more than "No." What did he mean? Why did he look excited? What was going on?

"It's faint. A little weak, but I can feel it. Your pulse is very low, though. That's probably why you're body temp is lower. I can't say with absolute certainty, but I think it's maybe six or seven beats per minute."

"I don't believe you," I said. I wanted to believe him. I wanted to cry and hug him and tell him he was the only person who'd given me any hope in such a very long time, but I couldn't. If I believed him, I knew it would only hurt me more when I realized the truth later.

"Here," he said. "I'll show you."

"I appreciate the nice lie," I said, gazing off into the trees while he took my other hand and placed my fingers on my wrist. "I think it's nice of you to do that and I don't hate you for it, but you can tell me the truth. We're both adults here."

My fingers lay on my wrist, motionless. Everything was motionless. I had no pulse, no heartbeat. Maybe I had no heart? What if that's what happened? Four chambers in my chest, shriveling up inside me, transforming into nothing more than a hardened lump of muscle.

A throbbing bump.

My eyes widened and I stared at my wrist. It had taken awhile, but I felt something.

Evan laughed, excited. "See?"

"It was a mistake," I said. "Let me feel more."

He nodded and moved close to me, resting his hands on my forearms by my elbow. I felt glistening, warm, and giddy. Maybe ten seconds or so later, I felt it again.

Bump!

I laughed. I wanted to jump around and dance and scream at the sky, but instead I grabbed Evan and kissed him. I didn't know where that came from, except maybe I needed to because he was the only person around? Was that all, though?

A flood of emotion swelled through me as our lips touched. I felt alive and healthy, warm and pulsating. I wasn't dancing, I was kissing, but my body couldn't quite tell the difference at the moment. Some quivering cadence of molten fire surged through me.

I nearly passed out from the raw feeling of it. Overwhelmed, the warmth crashed into me and made me shaky on my feet. I teetered from side to side in a strange, intoxicated state, and would have fallen if Evan hadn't caught me. The warmth of his fingers was softer than the heat of his lips and it leveled me to a more balanced state of pleasure.

I stared at him. He looked at me, concerned, but not too much. Happy, yes, and worried, and curious. I liked Evan. He seemed like a nice person.

"Do you want to come in?" I asked.

...

I shouldn't have invited anyone into my house, because I never cleaned it. Not to say it was horribly dirty, but it wasn't in the best of shape before I arrived, and I'd done nothing to fix it up afterwards, either. I used the kitchen for the bowls, spoons, the microwave, and a can opener, then the bedroom for the bed and the bookcase, and that was about it.

We stumbled inside, tripping over a clutter of jackets laying on the ground near the coat closet.

"It's nothing fancy," I said. "I should clean more, but it's difficult to remember to."

"This is a really nice house," he said, awed. "I love it. I used to live with another guy before everything happened, so I don't mind the clutter too much. It's not even that bad to be honest."

"I try to take out the trash at the very least," I said. Why was I telling him this? I sounded like some dirty loser. "I don't eat much, though. I get full really fast. I think that's a part of this? I'm not sure."

Evan nodded, listening, peering around my home. He moved past me and walked into the dining area with the open kitchen to the right. There was a living room off to the left, open as well, then a glass door in front of us leading to a porch and the backyard.

"This is nice," he said, removing his crossbow and quiver from his back and tucking them into a corner of the living room. "Too bad that huge TV doesn't work."

I laughed. "It does work, actually, but I don't use it. There's nothing ever on."

"Huh?" he asked.

"Look. Come here." Pointing the way through the rear glass door, I showed him the generator hidden near the back side of the house. "I fill it with gas from a nearby gas station. It's been running fine since I came. I try not to use it often, though, because I don't know how long it'll last. I love it, though. It's not much, but..."

"What?" he asked. "It's alright. You can tell me if you want. I won't think it's strange."

I laughed because that was exactly what I'd been thinking. Strange, Sadie. Why are you telling this man you've just met about all the terrible things that are wrong with you? I was kind of surprised he hadn't run away screaming yet.

"I turn it on for a few minutes every couple of days to use the microwave," I whispered. "I heat up a can of beans or soup or whatever I can find while I'm out and about--" Oh, yes, out and about. Like I was just heading to the store to do some weekly shopping. "It really helps. I know it's dumb, but when I eat hot food, I feel normal for a little while. I don't know how long, but it helps."

I felt so emotional and stunted, like I was some shriveled plant begging a gardener to water me. Except I wasn't a nice plant like a rose bush, nor a useful plant like a tomato vine. I wasn't even common grass. I was some hideous weed that everyone wanted to get rid of, to toss out, except if you didn't do it properly I'd just grow back and piss you off even more. I didn't want to do that, I didn't want to annoy anyone and continue growing where I didn't belong, but I didn't have any other choice, either.

"It's probably been a long day for you, huh?" Evan asked. "You're probably tired."

This was it. He was going to pluck me up and toss me out, make some excuse for me to go to bed and then leave me alone.

"I'm not too tired," I said, praying I didn't sound desperate. I knew I did, but I didn't want to.

"Are you hungry?" he asked.

I wished I was. "I ate yesterday."

"Ah. Right."

"My bedroom's over here," I said. "I'll probably lay down for a little while. I'm sure I'll feel better when I get up."

A lie, of course. He probably knew that, but I offered him the escape anyways. There wasn't anything wrong with leaving while I slept, since that's what most people did. An easy out, a way for him to go, and that was that. I stumbled towards the bedroom, feeling the remnants of his touch--his heat--fading away from me.

He didn't follow me like I knew he wouldn't. Down the hallway off to the side of the living room, past the stairs to the second floor, then into the master bedroom. I stepped inside and closed the door behind me. Shambling towards the bed, only a few feet more, I fell onto it. My face hit the blanket-covered mattress and I bounced up and down once before settling into place.

I closed my eyes. Maybe I should sleep like this? Why not? Who cared? When I woke up, I'd be dizzy and disoriented, unsure what was going on, so it hardly mattered. Sometimes it took me an hour to push away the haze and realize somewhat about where I was and what had happened, though other times it came faster.

The bedroom door opened, then clicked shut, and footsteps approached me while I stared at the blankets.

"What," I said, voice muffled by fleece.

"I'm kind of tired, myself," Evan said. "I didn't want to intrude in the rest of the house, so I thought I'd come in here. If you don't mind lending me a pillow, maybe I could sleep on your floor? A blanket would be nice, but I don't need one."

I spun around fast, laying on my back, and lifted my head up to look at him. "What?"

"I can leave if--"

"No, it's alright. You don't have to sleep on the floor. It's a big bed. I don't know if there's anymore blankets, so we can share one." My eyes darted towards the closed closet by the bedroom door where there were shelves filled with blankets.

Evan laughed. "If that's alright. I don't want to bother you."

"It's not a bother," I said, sitting up. I felt colder now, but the prospect of his warm body beneath the blanket with me gave me hope and promise of feeling nicer soon.

"I..."

"Yes?" I asked, shifting around the bed, fixing things, making it look nice and presentable. I turned down one corner and patted that side, beckoning Evan over.

"I don't want to sound perverted," he said. "I was thinking, though. If you're alright with it, maybe we could sleep nak*d?"

I blinked. "Um?"

Flustered, he let out a laugh and scratched his head. "Yeah... that came out wrong. I meant that, well, you like the feeling of warmth, right? I'm not trying to pressure or coerce you into this, and I swear I'll be a gentleman, but like I mentioned, I used to be an EMT, and it's a common survival tactic for people trapped in cold weather. I'm sure you're fine, but I thought it might help. We don't have to if you don't want to."

"Alright," I said. Shimmying to the edge of the bed, I grabbed the skirt of my dress and started lifting it up my legs.

"Alright what?" Evan asked.

The dress slid up my body, past my stomach, and I grabbed the sides and lifted it up the rest of the way off. Sitting on the bed in my bra and panties, I looked at him.

"We can do what you said," I said, pulling off my shoes and socks.

"Oh."

I scooted under the bed, hiding beneath the blankets, then pulled off my panties and unclasped my bra. I tossed both undergarments onto the floor with my dress.

Evan stood stockstill, staring at me.

"What?" I asked.

He laughed. "Oh. Right. I hope I didn't come across as odd, that's all."

"No." I shook my head. I didn't want to say more because I didn't want to scare him off.

Evan began undressing. I watched him, savoring it. He unbuttoned the front of his shirt and then slipped his arms out of the sleeves. Letting his shirt fall to the ground, he started unbuckling his belt. Unbuttoning and unzipping his pants, he let them fall to his ankles, too. He kicked his shoes off and stepped out of his pants.

It wasn't exactly the most erotic thing, but I couldn't stop looking at him. He stood in the middle of my bedroom near the foot of my bed wearing only his boxers. Slightly tented in the front, I saw a faint glimpse of his half-erect c*ck peeking through the slit in the front of his underwear.

Ignoring me, or not noticing me ogling him, Evan rushed to the other side of the bed, lifted up the blankets, and slipped under. Mesmerized, I watched his c*ck bounce beneath his underwear as he ran over.

He fidgeted under the blankets until he managed to remove his boxers, then tossed them off to the side.

"How do you want to do this?" he asked.

I laughed. "I don't know. I thought you were the professional."

I turned to look at him and he shrugged, relaxing. "Right," he said. "I think the best way is to spoon. So just--"

I inched towards him beneath the covers and he came to meet me halfway. Huddled under the blankets in the middle of the bed, we joined together in some awkward display of fidgeting and fixing this, figuring things out, moving here and there.

I faced away from him and he slowly approached me. His hand touched my hip. I let out a gasp at the heat of it.

"I'll go slow," he said.

Gently, carefully, we came together. Evan pressed towards me, easing me into the sensation of warmth infringing upon my previously cool exterior. His hand touched my back, igniting sparks on my skin. I arched towards him, biting my lower lip. I doubted he had this in mind when he'd suggested we do this, but I couldn't help it.

Evan's chest pressed against my back. Slow at first, barely grazing my skin, soothing and nice, then moving more until we lay tight together. His hand on my hip moved forwards, unsure, until he touched against my taut stomach. I breathed in sharply, exhilarated at his warmth, but not wanting to tell him for fear he'd run away from me.

What would I say, anyways? Oh, yes, I really like this. I mean I really like it. I'd already said enough to scared him off, but he stayed, and I refused to risk it by saying more needless things.

Evan wrapped one leg around mine, holding me close. He seemed careful and delicate, not wanting to push this over the edge towards obvious impoliteness. I understood and I tried to act the same, but it was difficult.

It wasn't difficult because of his chest pressed against my back or his hand touching my side and holding my stomach. Nor was it difficult because of his chin near my shoulders or his leg tangled with mine.

No, none of that. His c*ck was still semi-hard and no matter how much he tried to inch the center of his body away from me, I could feel the heat of it touching against my butt.

"What's wrong?" I asked, even though I knew exactly what was wrong. I twisted in his arms, looking over my shoulder at him.

"Sorry," Evan said, giving me a sheepish grin. "I swear I'm not trying to come on to you here. Down there. You know? It'll die down. Just a natural reaction. I'm really sorry about that."

"It's alright," I said. I pushed back against him, reveling in the fire of his body.

He didn't move away this time, didn't try to escape from me. We'd gotten over that, it seemed. It would die down, a natural reaction.

I didn't want it to die down, though.

"Where do you live?" I asked.

Evan breathed hard against my neck, distracted. "There's a survivor's camp on the other side of the city. I live there with some others. It's mostly a bunch of tents, but we've got all the necessities."

"Is that your long term plan?" I asked. "Is anyone planning something else?"

"Well..."

I shifted beneath the blankets. My h*ps wiggled back against his hardening cock, teasing against it. Careful, slow, I spread my legs slightly, shifting back further and further. The heat from his c*ck brushed against the bottom curves of my ass and inwards towards the center of my thighs.

Evan gulped, having said nothing more than "Well..." once I started moving. "We're... we're settling down for the long haul," he said. "I'm not sure what the plans are after that. I'm studying, of course, and we're stocking up supplies. Once winter comes it'll be rough, but maybe we can find someplace to stay that's safe. We have a few more months until that, though."

"Evan?" I asked.

"Yes, Sadie?"

"Do you like me?"

I sidled backwards, sneaking around until the head of his c*ck touched lightly against the lips of my p**sy. Shifting just a tiny bit more, I angled him and I so that one slight movement would bring us together fully.

"Sadie..." he said, at a loss for words.

"I know that this is wrong," I said. "I really do. I shouldn't put you into this situation. I'm... I know that you'll deny it, but I know what I am, Evan. Even if I have a pulse, I'm not normal. I'm inhuman."

Evan pushed forward, rolling his hips. The head of his c*ck disappeared into my cool slit. Cool before, but not for long. A raging inferno flared through my body, stimying my cold and replacing it with warm, lush arousal.

"Evan," I whispered, frantic. "You don't have to. It was silly of me. We shouldn't do this."

He pressed his lips against the nape of my neck, lighting me ablaze with his touch. I let out a cry and my body tensed tight, desperate for his heat.

"I want to," he said. "You're beautiful, Sadie."

I nodded my head up and down, unsure why I was even nodding. He'd said something, yes, and I loved hearing it, but I became mindless once more when he pressed further inside of me. His c*ck dipped between my folds, pushing into my p**sy, further and further still until I felt the wondrous feeling of his pelvis held tight against my rear. He was all the way inside of me, deep.

I shivered in delight and he held me close to him. His lips kissed along my neck and my shoulders and his hand gently caressed my stomach. His leg wrapped around mine, entwined, pulling me closer to him and he pressed inside of me more, filling me as much as he could.

"I was worried," Evan said.

"Why?" I asked, gasping out the word.

"I don't usually do this," he said. "I like you, Sadie, but I don't have casual sex. I..."

"I'm sorry Evan but I can't think right now."

He laughed. "Alright."

I would've been completely content if he just stayed inside of me. He didn't need to move or do anything in particular to make me happy. He did, though. Easing himself out of me, his thick warmth heating my core, he settled the head of his c*ck at the entrance to my slit, then pushed right back in. A piston of fire, melting me inside and out. I tensed against him, squeezing my thighs shut, my inner walls clamping down tight on his cock.

Evan kissed me and held me and made love to me. His throbbing c*ck teased me into a heightened awareness of myself and my body. Everywhere he touched, inside of me or out, he left light tingles across my skin. I closed my eyes and focused on our intimacy.

Like small fireworks being set off inside me, his heat flared to the forefront of my thoughts. Crackling sparks shifted around me in my mind and I felt like we might ignite the bed and burst into flames if we continued. The bed didn't catch fire, but right then I doubted I would have cared if it did.

"Sadie," Evan said, his voice thick and heavy.

"Mm," I murred.

"I'm going to soon. I... you feel so good."

"It's alright," I said, feeling glassy and soft. "It's alright."

His very essence filled me, his soul, like a hearth, warming his body. He warmed me, too, built me up, made me feel wanted.

And hot.

I clenched around his cock, shivering in delight whenever he pressed through my defenses. So deep inside of me, tight and fiery, then slowly easing out. I gasped through ragged breath, shuddering at the sensation of our coupling. Soon, he said. I thought I was already there.

I started as kindling, but he fed me a spark. I savored it, tended to it, and when he gave me more I accepted it fully. Now I had a full blown fire, but I wanted more. I wanted a pyre, conflagration, burning combustion.

My body blazed and I spasmed as my orgasm overtook me. Quaking and clenching, clutching hard against his cock, I practically roared with each of his thrusts. High up now, soaring, I felt like some elemental being made of pure flames. Crackling, crisp and delightful.

Evan pushed hard into me and held himself there. I squeezed against him, massaging his c*ck with my frenzied cli**x. He pulsed inside of me, once, twice, and more. Deep and hard and, oh, so wonderful.

He came. His seed filled me completely, finding every possible spot that his c*ck hadn't heated already and finalizing my sultry fire. I shuddered and shook in his arms, blinded by the flickering firelight behind my closed eyes.

Evan held me tight, embraced me, squeezing me against him. His c*ck twitched inside of me as I coaxed forth more of his cream with my desirous cli**x. He held me and kissed my neck and my shoulders and strained to kiss my cheek. I nearly died; I felt so overloaded with pleasure.

This was unlike anything I'd ever felt before. I wanted more.

Evan softened inside of me and I fluttered down from my sexual high. Slow, gentle, still ablaze, I could at least think better now, though. I turned to him and pursed my lips and tried to kiss him and he slid forward and touched his lips to mine.

"I can think again," I said, giddy. "I'm sorry I interrupted you."

"It's alright," he said. "I can't say I minded."

"What were you saying about... about..." I remembered now. Casual, he said. Casual sex. This was that, wasn't it? I fell, dropped, cooled down suddenly.

"I don't want this to be casual," he said. "Sadie, I'd like to see you again, if that's alright?"

I spun around. His c*ck slipped out of my folds, leaving a taste of warmth and coolness where it had once lay inside me, but I didn't care. I hugged him and wrapped my legs and arms around him, pulling him to me. I kissed him, ignoring the tingling flares sparking along my lips whenever we touched. He kissed me, too, caught up in my passion.

"Is that a yes?" he asked when I finally let him free for a second.

"You'll really come back?" I asked, still unsure if this was all real or imaginary.

"I'd like to. I..." He paused and frowned. "I need to leave in the morning. If I don't, they'll send someone looking for me. I wasn't even supposed to be in the city today. I was supposed to be hunting. I'll come back, though. I promise."

I listened and nodded. I touched my nose against his and laughed at the tickling feel of it. He smiled and watched me with glimmering, happy eyes.

"You don't think I'm... strange, then?" I asked. "I know I'm different. I'm sorry about that, Evan. I don't look nice anymore. I can't help it but I'll try. I might be able to find some makeup to cover up my skin. It's this color all the time and I don't know why. I'll try to look regular for you. I'll..."

"Sadie," Evan said, shushing me by putting his finger on my lips. "I think you're beautiful. You don't have to do anything special for me. I like you the way you are."

Did he really, though? I thought about it while we huddled together, cuddling. Drifting to sleep, happy for the first time in months, I wondered if this could work.

Everything seemed perfect now, but what about when he left?

The haze would overtake me, spreading throughout my body. Coolness replacing Evan's warmth and confusion muddling my mind.

And then what?

