Chapter One

Blood trickled down her neck, and the thick walls echoed her shrieks as Jack snatched his daughter up. She put her arms around his neck, sobbing.

He picked his way, holding her tightly in his arms as he moved through the mass of bodies and the blood-slimed floor. Everyone understood what had just taken place-she been infected by a zombie bite. So far, Jared, her young boyfriend, was the only one who dared to go to her side.

As soon as he got his daughter past the massacre, Anna wriggled out of his grasp. She looked at no one. Jack understood why. She'd just been infected, and she was clearly terrified. So was he.

Jack put a hand on his daughter's shoulder. "Anna, let me see the wound."

"No!" she shrugged free of his grasp, sprinted into the bathroom, her footsteps contrasting their silence. He heard the click of the lock. Locked in darkness. After all, there was no electricity.

All of them stood in the great hall of the Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles, speechless. As usual, Carla had her gun drawn. Mike and Joe had their blood-soaked rubber gloves on.

Jack's dark thoughts were interrupted by the sound of Anna sobbing in the dark bathroom. They all listened in silence.

"Maybe we can stop the infection from spreading, somehow stop her from...." Carla's voice trailed off. Jack didn't blame her. He couldn't have finished the sentence either. Not at the moment.

"How do you propose we do that?" Jack asked. His voice sounded angrier than he'd intended. Then again, he had just watched a zombie bite his daughter. Infect his daughter. "Cut off her ear?"

"Well... sort of. We'd have to cut off the blood flow somehow. The ear is mostly cartilage, so...."

Standing there now, as they waited, felt like hours had passed since battling the walking plague, the walking dead. Or, as good as dead, since the infection destroyed what was human in its victims. Turned them into zombies. Literally. Forced to relive his daughter's attack-her surprised look as the hand of an infected grabbed her leg and pulled her down. Jack watched himself running to her in super slo-mo, as if from outside his body. He almost reached her in time... but almost never counts, except in horseshoes and hand grenades.

Now, Jared was at the restroom door, trying to talk Anna into coming out. If anyone could do it, he could. They were young, and in love. The events over the last ten days or so had convinced Jack of this fact. After all that had happened, he was over worrying about them getting too close.

Anna has been bitten. Those words resounded loudly in Jack's head, and his heart ached at the thought of her going through what he'd experienced.

The cure, after all, was terrifying.

But at least there was a cure.

Jack repeated that knowledge over and over in his head.

Indeed, experience had shown the group one sure-fire way to reverse the infection. Still, Jack pushed the horrible cure to the back of his mind, to deal with it later.

Jack's brother, Joe, now threw his gloves aside and slid down the wall next to the office. He drew his knees up and held his head in his hands. His Army buddy, Mike, followed suit. Carla looked up at Jack sympathetically. She loved Anna, he knew. But for now, she crossed the great hall and joined the guys.

Jack's body felt numb as he walked over to Jared.

"Let me try to talk to Anna," he said. Only then did Jack see that the boy's cheeks were streaked with tears. He stepped aside for Jack, who knocked softly. "Anna?"

Silence.

"Angel? Honey, it's Dad."

"Go away," she answered, weeping.

Jack fought back a parental instinct to order her out of there. Reason, he told himself. She might respond to reason. As if there was anything reasonable about this. As if there was anything reasonable about the world turning upside down within the last ten days. A zombie outbreak had swept the world, along with all the chaos that came with such an event. Lives halted. Torn apart, literally. Yes, normal was a thing of the past.

"Anna, Carla says we might be able to stop the blood flow and...."

"Why don't you tell Carla to come back after she's been bitten!"

"Anna, you can't stay in there. Come out and let me have a look at the wound."

"No! I'm not coming out. Lock me in here. I don't want you to see... see me... not like this."

"Sir," Jared was back to 'Sir' now. He'd just gotten used to calling him Jack.

He didn't need to say any more. In thanks, or maybe in apology, Jack put his hand on Jared's shoulder briefly, and walked back to the others.

"Let's give them a little time. Just a little," Jack said to Carla.

* * *

The four of them sat behind a podium near the main entrance of Griffith Observatory. It had become our refuge from the insane outside world. Or so they had thought. Last night's attack from dozens of crazies obviously had proved otherwise. If they were going to find sanctuary here, they would have to sweep the building first. To secure every entryway and take care of those who had succumbed to the infection. Until then, and only then, there would be no respite for the weary.

Jack spoke of this and waited for a reply. Everyone was still trying to wrap their heads around the fact that Anna had been the latest bitten. Doomed to become a zombie!

Mike replied first, changing the subject, as he often did when things became too emotional. "We've got radios, right? Walkie-talkies?" He glanced at Carla, the cop. She had been close to being Carla, Jack's girlfriend. But this ain't the optimum time for romance.

That can wait, Jack thought. Maybe permanently.

"Yeah." She rubbed her eyes. "I've got some. They're in the office."

"How many?"

"Three. There's another one in my patrol car."

"We can do with three for now, I think," Mike said. None of them wanted to go outside, despite the daylight. "How about if Joe and I start a security sweep? We can start from the roof and work our way down. We can share a radio, if we stay together."

"We'd better stay together. Two by two is a lot safer," Joe said.

"Carla, can you cover them?" Jack asked.

"Of course, but-"

"Good. Use one of the radios and I'll stay behind with Anna and Jared." Jack paused. "I can't leave Anna alone for a minute. Not now-"

Carla shook her head. "No, Jack. Let me stay behind with her."

"But I want to be near her in case...."

"I know," she said softly "But you're too close to this right now, Jack. Let me stay. You need to find something to take your mind off Anna."

"I need what? Take my mind off my daughter?!" Jack couldn't help the icy tone that frosted his words.

Carla raised her hand in peace. "Facing you is probably going to be the most difficult thing for her. I know you're heartbroken. We all are. But right now, we need to take care of business. And our first priority, for the entire group, is security."

Jack couldn't believe what he was hearing. Especially when his brother said, "She's right, Jack. Let Jared work his magic on Anna. She'll come out eventually. And those two couldn't be in better hands than Carla's right now."

"I'm her father, goddammit!"

"I know," said Joe, lowering his tone. "And, I'm her uncle. I'm in no hurry to lose her either. You and I taking care of Anna will be next on the list once we secure the premises."

* * *

The security sweep took longer than anticipated.

They began on the roof, armed with loaded weapons and padlocks. The roof held more crazies than they'd expected. But the infected were sitting ducks. Shooting them and getting their bodies out of the way took a while. The group was relieved to find the huge telescope escaped damage. Internationally famous, perhaps there would be a use for it again some day. They hoped so.

They closed and padlocked the telescope's door to keep the smarter zombies from vandalizing it. Then they made their way down through three levels that had once hosted hundreds of visitors daily. Before the outbreak, of course. Now, the only visitors to Griffith Observatory were the undead kind. Jack hated killing, even in the military, but this... this was so alien and absurd. The emotions involved in taking another's life felt completely different.

The worst aspect of killing zombies was that there was no real chain of command, or support, or anything but flying by the seats of their pants, knowing they could join them at any moment. Completely on their own and reliant on one another. In considering every dire scenario, though, Jack was glad Carla had his back. God, if she became infected, what in the hell would he do?

Drown her, maybe? Or, cure her?... Well, no way in hell I'm losing her. Or Anna. Or anyone else I give a damn about.

During the security sweep, they found a few open windows and doors. Hard to understand how this monumental facility had been left unsecured. Then again, the last security shift was likely frightened away without locking up. Perhaps infected. Jack hated to think they were killing people like them. But, the law of the moment was 'Kill or be killed'.

And they weren't people. Not any more.

The world had gone to hell in a hand basket and they were its riders. But while they took down the infected here at the observatory, were they also destroying the brightest minds?

A hand grasped Jack's shoulder and he whirled around, ready to shoot.

"Whoa, cowboy." Mike stepped back. "It's just me."

Jack lowered his gun. "Sorry."

"We're all a little spooked."

Jack nodded. "I think we're pretty much done with the sweep."

They had reached the basement, below the lowest public level. It was pretty dark. The only light shone from the opened doors atop the stairs. They had Carla's flashlight, but used it sparingly to preserve the batteries.

Mike was soaked with sweat. So was Jack. Joe walked up to them, radio in hand.

"That's about it," he said, "Unless you know of any other rooms to check?"

Jack fought to dampen his worried thoughts about Anna, searching his tired brain for any place they hadn't searched and locked up. "No, I think we secured everything."

As his brother, Joe could read Jack like a book. He held his eyes for a moment. Jack appreciated his empathy, glad he was with him...and alive.

Joe raised the radio and pressed a button. "Carla?"

"Ten-four." Her voice was breaking up. The building had thick stone walls, and iron strengthening it throughout. Not conducive to decent conversations by radio.

"Perimeters searched and cleared." Joe maintained official military lingo.

"All clear here, too," she answered.

Jack grabbed the radio. "How's Anna?"

A pause. What did he expect her to say?

"She finally came out of the restroom," said Carla, sounding hopeful. "Anna is in the office with Jared. Your girl's a real trooper."

Chapter Two

Joe and Mike trailed behind Jack as he burst into the office.

Jack hadn't wasted a second, sprinting up the stairs, through the lobby and hallway to get to his daughter. He pictured holding her and telling her everything would be all right.

He stopped short.

Anna was lying on a table, Her eyes were closed and she was covered with jackets for warmth. Jared leaned in next to Jack's daughter, holding her hand. Seated in the only chair, Carla put a finger to her lips as the men entered the room. Anna shielded her eyes from the daylight brought with them, since up until that moment the door had been slightly ajar.

Not fully sick yet, Jack's daughter's brows were knitted together, and her lips parted as she breathed softly. Her eyes, no longer swollen from tears, appeared sunken. Worst of all, Jack couldn't sense any of Anna's normal joy of spirit.

Jared didn't look up. His worried gaze was fixed only on Anna and her misery.

Carla rose from the chair, motioning for the three men to follow her out of the room, again leaving the door ajar. They moved down the hall, to where they could speak freely.

"She's okay for now," said Carla. "Jared... he's great. He won't give up. And it's working. He just kept talking, and finally coaxed her out. Of all of us, I think she trusts him the most. So let's allow him to continue unhindered, if possible. He's a great caretaker for her."

Jack was at a loss for words, and he looked back at the room, unable to tear his eyes away from the door still ajar. Everyone seemed to be waiting for him to say something. When Jack didn't, Joe gave Carla the details of the sweep they had made. She took it all in, likely memorizing details like the good cop she once was. Afterward, dead silence flattened them once again... until Jack couldn't take it anymore.

"I'll be back," he announced, and returned to the office.

He opened the door slowly, softly. Jared looked up at him. "Thank you, son," Jack said simply. "I'd like to sit with her. Alone. For a few minutes."

Jared gently loosened his hand from hers and replaced it with Jack's. Anna didn't open her eyes as Jared quietly left the room. He was a good kid, understanding a lot at his age, or so it seemed. Although never mentioning a word about his background, parents, etc., seemed downright weird.

Jack leaned closer and stroked his daughter's hair like he used to when she'd skinned her knee or had a bad dream-those little girl moments seemed so long ago. She turned to him with a wan smile and opened her eyes.

"Hey, Angel," he whispered.

"I'm sorry, Daddy." Daddy, her little-girl name for him.

"I'm the one who should be sorry."

"This is the last thing any of us needs," she said. "Anna screwed up again. She didn't listen. Now look what happened to her."

"It doesn't matter," he said soothingly, uncomfortable she was talking about herself in the third person. "You'll be all right, Anna."

She moaned and rubbed her bitten ear.

"Can I take a look?"

She pulled her hair back, angry tears appearing again. Her ear was swollen. Cleaned and disinfected as best as could be, the teeth marks glared angrily in their redness. The wound was festering, though, like they all did. But it hadn't spread to the rest of her head. Not yet.

"It hurts," she told him. "And please don't touch it, Daddy."

"I won't. But it doesn't look so bad."

"Yet." Her voice was cold, bitter. "But I know how it will go. I had plenty of time to think about it before I ever got bitten. Soon, I won't be able to think at all. I will be a monster."

"No, never that. You will always-always-be my daughter."

Anna cast aside the jackets over her, reached up and hugged him. "Why, Dad? Why is any of this happening? I'm so scared!"

He wrapped his arms around her. Tightly. "Sometimes there is no 'why,' Anna. I can't answer why. But we're going to figure it out. Okay?"

"You're going to figure out how to drown me!" She wept bitterly. "Aren't you? Don't lie!"

"Shh. Don't think such nonsense!"

"How can I not..."

"Just don't! That's an order. You couldn't have a better group of people protecting you. Who love you. Who would do anything for you."

"Jared," she said softly. Apparently, he'd been waiting just outside the door. As soon as he heard his name, he stepped into the room.

"I'm right here, Anna. I said I wouldn't leave you. And I never will."

It was enough for now that Jared was supportive and loving. Forcing back his own tears, Jack hugged her, stood and made room for him.

"Can you drink some water?" Jack asked.

Anna frowned. "It doesn't sound appealing."

"You should, if you can, Angel," he said.

"Yeah, I can."

"I'll get you some."

With that, Jack left the room.

* * *

An hour later, Jared stepped out from the office and joined them.

"She's asleep," he announced, and plopped down next to Jack. They were sitting cross-legged in a circle not far from the office.

"Now that we've got this place secure, we were just talking about our options from here on out," Jack said, bringing him up to speed on what the rest of them had discussed for the past twenty minutes.

"What do you mean?" Jared asked.

"What to do. About everything."

"Including Anna, or only about her?"

"Whether this is the best place for all of us to remain, and for how long," Carla advised. "Food. Supplies, like sleeping bags, batteries. Communication with the world. And yes, Anna."

Jared didn't respond, and Jack didn't know how best to tell him the rest. He caught his brother's attention by raising his eyebrows.

Joe nodded. "Jared... Carla has an idea. I mean, we all do. We don't know much about this infection yet, and it got us thinking."

"What's the idea?" Jared stared at the marble floor.

"Well, she was bitten on the ear, right? Her dad said it didn't look too bad. It hasn't spread through her body, and definitely not to her brain yet. Not so far."

Jack watched the boy; he remained still, but he was listening. Listening for any glimmer of hope.

Joe continued, "You know how sometimes, like if you get bitten by a snake, you have to cut off the blood flow so the poison doesn't get into your bloodstream? Well, we were wondering if it might be the same type of thing with this."

"My infection seemed to move slower," Jack added. "I don't know why I was spared what happens to most victims, when the change happens swiftly."

"What's this got to do with Anna?" Jared raised his head and looked Joe dead in the eye. "You can't tie a cord around her ear. It wouldn't work. I don't like where this is logically headed...."

"Son," Jack said gently, "is my angel showing signs of sickness yet?" Jack could have gone and looked himself, but it was hard to face her, and he had to think straight.

"No," said Jared, almost inaudibly. "I don't think so, anyway. She doesn't want to eat, but that's how she is when she's really upset. It's not a physical rejection of food... not yet. She did finally drink the water you brought her."

Jared nervously watched the rest of them exchange knowing glances. "What are you thinking now? I know you're planning to try something to stop the blood flow. Right?"

"It's a bit more drastic than that," Carla's voice was soft and strong at once. "We're thinking we should cut off her ear."

Chapter Three

The Agent dressed in black set the box of machine gun magazines into the back of the SUV and wiped the sweat away from his face. The vehicle was full. He covered his vast array of weapons with a tarp and closed the back hatch. He was ready for war.

Just after noon, he could reach his destination in an hour, depending on traffic. He'd done his homework; he had detailed maps of the Griffith Observatory, the L.A. Zoo and the surrounding areas. He'd searched Joe Carter's file and had printed out photos of the brother, Jack, and the niece, Anna. Procuring civilian clothing and shoes suitable for hiking, he was especially pleased to find night vision goggles, bugs to plant so he could listen to them, and a bullet-proof vest.

All he needed was fresh food. Never mind the instant meals he'd packed, he wanted one good meal. Even if it was the last one. From the information he'd gleaned from previously secure military sources online, he understood the world outside was out of control. Stopping at a diner, or even a drive-thru, was risky business.

He glanced toward the building he had just left. Surely, there was a mess hall. He couldn't eat the refrigerated food, as it had been too long without electricity to keep from spoilage, but there should be plenty of canned and packaged goods.

Just one more time, he told himself. For better or worse, he picked up his backpack and machine guns and headed back inside.

* * *

As expected, the kitchen was in disarray. Hash browns, eggs and bacon lay on the huge commercial stove top, gathering mold while flies swarmed. The agent, whose name was Cole, took in the sight of broken dishes, overturned pots, and dried blood on the floor. It was a miracle the stove had been turned off during the melee. Otherwise, he could be looking at a charred mess instead.

He sat one of the guns down and crossed to the refrigerator. He covered his nose and mouth with his free hand; the spoiled odor was overwhelming. The fridge door had been left open, void of any meat. Moving quietly into the storage room nearby, he listened while his heart pounded violently in his chest.

Seeing only institutional sized cans of food, Cole chided himself for thinking he could find a nice little can of chicken soup or chili. He'd have to make do with a couple of large beef stews. He unzipped his pack and deposited them as quietly as he could, grimacing at the weight.

He stopped at the walk-in freezer before leaving the kitchen. Couldn't hurt to look. Maybe he'd find some still-frozen fruit or vegetables. He glanced at the machine gun he'd left sitting on the table, raised the other while making sure it was ready for immediate us.

Cole opened the door, flipping the light switch. Of course it didn't work. Hard to make out anything other than the shelves and their bigger contents in the dimness, the room felt fairly cool. Quickly, he stuffed a couple of sealed green beans and mushy peaches into the pack.

Anxiety setting in, his instincts were telling him to get the hell out of there. Out of the building before something unpleasant befell him. Prepared to step out of the storage room, Cole set his weapon down on a shelf while adjusting the backpack's weight on his shoulders. That's when he noticed his other gun had disappeared from the table in the kitchen.

"Don't move," came a hard, cold voice from beside him, as he stepped out to investigate.

A woman held the weapon trained upon his head. He guessed her to be in her early forties. When she warned him again not to move or look at her, he complied, except to raise his eyes to the stainless steel covered wall in front of him. It served as a dim mirror revealing the figure now slightly behind him. Dressed in civilian clothes, she was slightly overweight. More importantly, she didn't hold the automatic rifle properly, shaking noticeably.

Quickly processing all potential outcomes, the good news was he could easily overtake her. The bad news, however, was her nervousness. She could erratically discharge the weapon and kill them both in the process.

Cole smiled angelically, slowly raising his hands.

"I'm not here to hurt anyone, Miss." His voice was soothing, assured.

"I've heard that before!" came her sour reply.

"Really? If you've been watching me, I think you're smart enough to see I'm just getting some food. Just something for the road."

"Who else is with you?" she asked suspiciously

"No one."

"I don't believe you."

"Can I please turn around without you riddling me with bullets?"

A pause. Then, "Real slow, mister."

He turned to face this woman, whose lips quivered nervously. He knew she had good reason to respond as she was. Cole had a good idea of what she had been through recently. Likely hiding in this place alone, either luck or intelligence had kept her alive so far.

"I'm not here to hurt anybody," he told the woman. "I'm not sick, and I don't want any trouble."

"Then what are you really doing here?" The weapon swayed dangerously as she wiped the sweat dripping down into her eyes.

Cole started to lower his hands, but she pointed the gun at him as she took a step forward. He stopped, his own smile nervous.

"I work-or used to work here," he said. "I must leave now. There's nothing left for me here." Cole noted her disheveled hair and greasy face. Must've been here for a while. "Why are you still here?"

"I came for help." She sounded bitter. "I had to get away from them-I needed to find a safe place. I figured this would be it."

"Bet you were surprised to find out otherwise." Cole tried to draw her out, to calm her a little.

"I'm still alive, aren't I?" she responded, defiantly.

"That makes two of us.... Can I lower my hands?" He brightened his smile and tentatively stepped closer to her, unarmed and with his heart raging again. "My name is Cole. Like I said, I used to work here. You can come with me, if you'd like."

She nodded for him to lower his hands, and he was mindful to keep them where she could see them. The woman kept her stance. But the first step in befriending her had been taken.

"Can I ask you your name, ma'am?"

The woman opened her mouth to speak, but at that moment, someone else burst into the kitchen and her automatic rifle went wild.

Chapter Four

Cole dropped to the floor, while the woman wheeled and fired, spraying bullets across the kitchen and pocking every surface with holes. Ricocheted bullets zinged throughout the room. As he rolled over to retrieve the other machine gun, he registered that she had taken a couple zombies down. More from sheer luck than any semblance of aim, he was dismayed to hear more of them drudging slowly into the kitchen, hissing and growling. Meanwhile, she was out of control. In her panic, spraying bullets everywhere, she was coming to the end of her ammo clip.

When she did, he shouldered his gun and raised himself up to the counter. The woman dropped her gun. She stood frozen in fear at the multitude of the undead.

"Get over here!" Cole hollered. She stood as if frozen to the floor, gripped by terrible fear. He considered killing her as well as them, and being done with it. But in the instant before taking her out, Cole realized he didn't want to be alone.

He jumped up, strode to her side and gunned down seven of them. But the gun pops and screams brought more zombies in, pouring into the room from two different directions. He grabbed her by the waist and forced her to the floor while taking out a dozen more. Halfway through the massacre, the magazine emptied. He loaded another and finished the job.

Echoes from the gunshots reverberated in their ringing ears when the battle ended. The place was a mess; walls splattered with fresh blood and bone. The metallic stench of infected hemoglobin sickened them both. He reached down and took her shaking hand, helped her to stand.

"Don't look," he told her. He gave her a moment.

Cole knew the gunfire would draw more crazies, which is how he preferred to refer to the infected. After all, zombies were the stuff of fantasy... and these critters were definitely real.

"Listen," he said, "I don't know you and you don't know me. But this place isn't safe. I'm leaving. Now. You can come with me if you want. But before you do, you should know I have some unpleasant business to take care of."

The woman's face was stone. "What kind of business?" she finally asked.

"I'm not going to lie to you. I'm at war with these creatures. They make me sick. I'm going to fight them. And fight them hard. Not just defense. Offense."

She took in his deadly glare and stepped back. Cole knew she was weighing her options. "I can keep you safer than most people on the planet. But like I said, if you come with me, you're with me. No matter what."

"Sounds like you've got more than killing them in mind," she said.

"I do. I have other scores to settle, too."

"What are they?"

"Nothing for you to worry about."

"If I'm coming with you, I could stand and fight. You could teach me. But I want to know what I'm getting myself into before I say yes."

The agent in black, like the Devil himself, liked to mix the truth with lies. "Let's just say I'm going to take care of the men who started this whole thing."

She searched Cole's eyes; he met her gaze, unflinchingly. She shrugged her shoulders and picked up the empty weapon, mimicking how he holstered the other one. "Count me in."

* * *

Her name was Julie.

As Cole drove, he massaged her with questions. Julie's home was in Seal Beach, not far from the base. She and her husband-who was now missing and, she presumed, dead-had raised their only son there, and lived there for thirty years. Her son was back east now, in college.

About a week ago, Julie's husband had been mugged. Or that's what she'd thought at the time. A wave of these attacks had come over their quiet beach neighborhood, and then people started getting sick. Her husband included. He'd become so irrational that she'd had to leave. She had gone to a friend's, but the house was empty.

More and more became sick, and Julie was frightened. People were roaming the streets in a daze, incoherent and unaware of their surroundings. Reluctantly, she returned home, only to find her husband missing. She waited for him until someone tried to break in. By then, she had become so frightened that she took off running.

Cole listened to her story. He wondered how many more communities were like this. He'd expected the worst. And was finding it.

"What about you?" Julie asked him. "Are you going to tell me where we're going and what we're doing?"

He gave her a sidelong glance. "Are you sure you want to know? Be careful what you wish for."

"Well, you saved my life, you're taking me with you, and I agreed to stay with you and fight. I will, but I do want to know. Who are you going to war with?" Julie had caught a glimpse of the multitude of weapons under the tarp in back. But that was after she'd given her word to stay with him. Perhaps she might have thought twice if she'd known the truth about his mission.

Cole gave Julie a limited version of all that had taken place. He explained how two sailors had contracted the infection. He explained that they had tried to kill him. He also proclaimed himself as one of the highest-ranking military officials in the country and an expert in these affairs.

Her eyebrows went up, both impressed and suspicious.

Cole told her the two sailors were with a dangerous group of people, and that Cole had to take care of them before he could start setting other matters right. He also explained the infection was spreading all over the world. Nothing would ever be the same. But Cole also assured her that he knew how to survive under the most trying conditions. He wanted Julie to feel safe with him. For the time being, at least.

He didn't tell her he was taking her far up into the hills of Los Feliz or that they'd be alone to defend themselves, exposed to the elements. And he didn't tell her of his newly formed plan for the girl, Anna.

Julie had been traumatized. Cole knew she was in a particularly vulnerable state of mind, and would cling to him for protection. He could have told her almost anything right now, and she would have believed him.

At present, both wore blood-spattered clothing. Julie didn't seem to notice or care. But her sun dress and sandals wouldn't do for hillside hiking. Cole exited the freeway and headed for a sporting goods store. As he pulled into the parking lot, he was relieved to see it was closed and locked up.

"Come on," he said.

Once he kicked in the front door and they were inside, he advised her on what to procure. "Get the best walking shoes and hiking boots. Layered tops. Get a warm jacket."

She didn't ask questions. Surely she would look at this as stealing, but he knew in time she would adjust. While he waited for her, he picked up a few things, too. Hats, sunglasses, a lightweight torch, and an extra pair of hiking boots for himself.

* * *

A few hours later, after he and Julie had parked in what seemed like a secure spot near the observatory, he covered the SUV with branches and they made their way up the hillside to get closer to the main building. Julie did as she was told, which was what he had hoped. Darkness approached, and in the cool evening breeze she donned her jacket. A campfire would be tempting, but too risky. She understood, and the small lightweight tent provided protection from the elements, and once Cole made sure it blended into the hillside, they settled in for the night.

Once Julie was comfortable and at peace, Cole staked out a spot behind some nearby brush. The perfect vantage point where he could clearly see the building housing his prey. He put on the night vision goggles and waited.

Chapter Five

Anna pulled her jacket tightly around her.

She leaned back against a wall on the observatory's roof, lifting her gaze to the stars. The nights were getting colder now. Soon the rains would come. The sky was clear and, since half the lights down below in Los Angeles were out, a billion stars illuminated the sky.

"I wonder why they did it," Anna commented. Her uncle Joe was shoulder to shoulder with her. Although she had wanted some time alone to think-and both Jared and her dad had offered to join her-it was her uncle Joe who had insisted on accompanying her. Yes, she had wanted to come up here alone, as she'd done at least a hundred times. But she was glad her uncle was here with her. He had, after all, been infected himself. And he was so down-to-earth. He relaxed her.

"Why who did what?" Joe asked. He also looked heavenward.

"Send us this infection," she said. "The aliens."

"Maybe we have something here they don't have."

She shrugged. "Or maybe they made a mistake-maybe those things should have come a thousand years ago, or sometime in the future."

"It doesn't really matter now, does it, kiddo?"

Anna pulled away and stood. Grateful there was no fog tonight. From up here she could see a few zombies roaming the grounds below. Looking for a way in.

The sight of them made her sick. But she didn't turn away; she wanted to see them, to feel their presence. She wanted to know what made them tick. Because that's what she soon might become.

Initially, Anna had been horrified at the possible alternative treatment the group offered her. They didn't think the infection had spread. Cut her ear off to save her life. That was their suggestion. She shuddered. They wanted to spare her the terrible ordeal of drowning. Of course, that cure was only available to her after she'd turned and went mad....

* * *

Joe watched his niece, could tell what she was thinking. He'd wanted to come up here with her because... well, they hadn't had a moment together since God knew when. He thought she might talk with him more freely than with Jack. The truth was, Joe was the true guilty party. He'd been infected first, along with Mike. Joe had been responsible for bringing this sickness to others, including his brother and now to Anna.

"You know, I'd do anything for you, sweetheart." It was all he could say for now.

Anna smiled a little. "I know."

He decided to change the subject from zombies to something he knew she loved. "You've been fascinated by the stars ever since you could walk." He got up and joined her.

"Yeah, I guess so." A chilly breeze came upon them. Anna leaned into her uncle for warmth. He took comfort in the fact she had always looked at him as someone she could confide in when she didn't want to talk with her dad. "I feel so bad," she told him now.

"You feeling sick?" he asked

Anna smiled at his concern, or so he hoped.

"No, not that," she said. "I feel bad. Guilty. This was my doing. Because I was not careful and I was distracted by what I figured was a free laptop I could grab.... I still can't believe a thing was able to get close to me and bite me. Now, everyone has to figure out what to do with me. Because I was focused on something other than security and personal safety. I was greedy. And I totally blew our security protocol."

Joe wanted to smile at hearing his niece say "security protocol." But he knew he had to set her right. No way in hell he could let her take the blame. Jesus, she was just a kid.

"Anna, listen to me. None of this is your fault. If anything, it's mine."

"But now I'm going to slow everything down! There's no time for me to be sick, or have my ear cut off," she choked the words out, "Or to turn into... into...."

Joe lifted her chin, looked into her eyes. "You didn't choose this. You never meant for this to happen. You're a good girl. It's bad, yes. But we've all been there for each other... you were there for me." He wrapped his arms around her waist to draw her close. "Oh, honey, whatever you decide will be all right. Believe me. You're my favorite niece. Always."

She giggled. "I'm your only niece."

"Oh, right," he said, chuckling. "There's no way in hell I'm gonna lose my only niece. I'm right beside you always. No matter what.... Okay?"

Anna pulled on his arms to hug her tighter. They stayed that way, sitting on the roof that overlooked Los Angeles. A car alarm sounded in the distance until it died on its own. The wind brought with it the scent of surrounding pine trees.

He hoped she was beginning to feel better. He felt her relax further, and prayed her worries were slipping from her.

"Thank you, Uncle Joe."

Her loving tone made him smile. "Any time, kiddo." He playfully socked her shoulder. She socked him back.

"Oww," he faked. They both chuckled.

"Come on," Anna said, standing. "It's freakin' cold up here."

* * *

The delicious smell of food wafted toward them as Anna and Joe made their way back to the others. Carla had been busy, putting Jared to work. They'd found a little hibachi in the basement, along with some charcoal.

Uncle and niece found Jared tending hamburgers on the grill and Carla preparing the buns.

"A hot dinner!" Anna exclaimed in delight.

Jack came out from the corner in which he'd been brooding and approached his daughter. Anna pushed the pain in her ear away and gave him a big hug. "I love you, Daddy."

Jack embraced her, catching Joe's eyes. Joe gave him a thumbs up. "I love you, too, darling."

They dined on what seemed like a feast. At least compared to lately. Carla had brought mostly canned goods to their sanctuary, but also some perishables; the beef patties and buns, pre-made potato salad and crisp apples. Along with chips and soda, they ate to their hearts' content. Jared remained close to Anna. He seemed relieved by her calmness. But she knew he was dying to ask her what had changed, but wouldn't dare, lest he jinx her good mood.

He didn't have to wait long. The group had finished dinner, grateful for full bellies, when she spoke, "I've been thinking about the ear thing." Anna glanced around to see all watching her. "The thing is, we don't know if it will work."

"But honey, we don't know that it won't work either," Jack countered.

Anna took a deep breath. "I guess that's true. But I know you will all take care of me." She meant the drowning cure, and they knew it. "Daddy, if you could do it-and Uncle Joe and Mike-then I can do it, too."

The great hall was silent. Jack was about to speak when Anna raised her hand. "It's the only way to be sure. I mean, if you cut off my ear," she couldn't believe she was actually saying that, "then we still won't know. The waiting period could be slower. And in the end, it still might not work. I want both of my ears. I want to live as a whole human being." She paused, looked each of them in the eye. "And, so, I choose the water cure."

Chapter Six

After dinner, the group locked up the observatory to go get more food and supplies from Jack's Los Feliz home. Covering each other as they scurried to their respective cars, they took out six more zombies.

Filthy business, thought Jack. How many had they killed now? Dozens, certainly. Dozens and dozens.

The trip down to the house was mostly uneventful. They swerved around a handful more of the infected gathered over what appeared to be a dog carcass.

When they reached the house, everyone piled in and locked the doors and windows after doing a perimeter and interior sweep.

Home sweet home.

* * *

"I'm going alone," Carla was saying. She gave Jack that 'I dare you to argue' look. He hated that look, and stepped closer to her. They were alone in the kitchen; the others were upstairs watching a DVD movie. The cable was out, but the electricity still worked. For now.

"But why?" he asked.

"I already told you why. I want to see what's happening out there, Jack, and I can do it better on my own. I don't need someone breathing down my neck. Besides, you should stay with your daughter."

"She's in good hands with Joe," he said, indignantly. He suddenly felt a premonition that if she left, he'd never see her again. "Let me come with you. Please."

Carla sighed. "I need this time to myself. It will help me wrap my head around what's happening. Besides, it will give me a chance to see if I can learn anything new."

"I get it. And I want to come with you-"

"Accept you're ignoring that I want to be alone."

"Being alone, in these times, is a bad idea!"

"Just a couple of hours," Carla insisted. "I have my radio, and you have one. I just need an hour to clear my head."

"Where are you going?"

"The station."

He took a seat in the kitchen. Defeated. "All right... fine. But I want you to tell me when you get there, what's out there, and call me again when you leave. Okay? Is that too much to ask?"

Carla knelt before him, smiling lovingly. She took his hands and kissed them. "I'll be back before you know it. Thank you, Jack."

He waited for her to leave the house and then ran upstairs. Everyone was gathered in his bedroom watching Rush Hour. Singing along with the "War" song.

"I'm going with Carla to check out a few things at the police station," He told Joe. "Be back in an hour or so."

Jack's brother muted the movie. "You want some company?"

"Naw," Jack answered, smoothly. "I'm just going with her while she gets the latest news. We'll be fine. Got your radio on?"

Joe nodded and watched his brother carefully as Jack gave him a fake smile and left.

* * *

The Los Feliz Police Department parking lot was empty.

Carla frowned at the lack of staff cars. She'd seen increasing numbers of people walking around dazed-more than double the number of zombies she'd seen on the drive just a couple of days before. She parked, checked her gun and got out of the car.

The ever-present front desk officer was noticeably missing from the lobby. The halls were lit, but empty as well. "Hello?" she called out. The last thing she wanted was to surprise a colleague.

She moved cautiously down the empty hall closest to her. There was a small holding tank to the left. Three men sat inside, but when they saw her, they jumped up. "Hey! Hey, Officer!"

She paused in front of the cell.

"You gotta get us out of here," one of them said, a young man with a stubbly beard. "It's not safe. We're locked in here, and there are some seriously screwed up crazy people out there! Ya know what I mean?"

"You're safer here," Carla answered with police-like authority.

An older, disheveled man said, "Miss Officer. I don't want to contradict you, but-"

"Watch out!" It was the younger man who yelled. Carla's ears pricked at movement behind her. She spun around.

"Taylor?" She barely recognized the officer. He didn't know her either; he moved toward her slowly, his arms hanging down by his side, the pose she had come to dread.

"Move back, Taylor. This is an order." He didn't obey, dragging his feet. She backed up, careful to avoid reaching distance of the inmates. "Stop!" she said again.

Taylor kept coming. Carla couldn't believe what she was about to do. He was a young deputy with a wife and kids. Operative word: was. Carla raised her gun and aimed for the head. When she pulled the trigger, Taylor's forehead disappeared and he fell to the floor in a heap.

The gunshot resounded throughout the building. The two prisoners began to whimper.

Stay calm, she told herself. It's all right. She was about to address them when she heard someone else in back of her. She whirled, still holding her weapon up.

Sergeant Manning trotted down the hall, concern written on his face. "Carla! What are you doing here? I thought you'd disappeared like the rest." He looked down at the corpse. "Oh shit. Taylor, too?"

Carla felt her lower lip quiver. She thought of the picture Taylor had shown her recently of his wife and two little girls. "I had to do it," she heard herself saying. "He was going to kill me. It was self-defense."

"You did what you had to do." He stepped over the body, shaking his head as he looked down. "Let's go to my office. It's safe in there."

Carla let out a pained sigh. "What's going on around here?"

Manning glanced at the inmates, then motioned for her to follow him. While the prisoners begged again to be released, she left the holding area to follow the Sergeant. He led her to his office. A desk radio nearby played oldies. Manning locked the door behind her as she sat down. She felt like sobbing but held it in.

"What's going on here?" she asked again. "Do you know anything?"

"The world's gone crazy," he said, sadly, biting his upper lip as he shook his head. "There's hardly any of us left."

"So it's just you holding down the fort?"

He nodded. "Someone has to be here, you know. This place. It's been my life. Honestly, I don't know where else to go." He paused to study her. "When you didn't report for duty, I thought they got you, too."

"Yeah, sorry about that. I'm dealing with this on a personal level. People I care about... it's been horrible. Like nothing I've ever experienced."

"Like no one has ever experienced. I need you though. Badly. I don't even have a 9-1-1 dispatcher."

"It's just us? How is this supposed to work?"

"We can figure it out together. You're the last man standing, Carla."

She nodded, smiling at his sexist comment. Probably didn't even realize what he'd said. "What do the latest reports say?"

Manning pointed to his pile of paperwork. "Not good. This 'zombification,' for lack of a better word, is spreading fast. Hell, it's not just our group that's been decimated. In fact, I think it's safe to say it's just me and you for this side of town, kiddo."

She leaned forward. "Can't we get help? The National Guard? Coast Guard? Anyone?"

Manning shook his head again. "The National Guard is protecting the White House, Pentagon, and all related facilities, including certain disbanded military bases. Coast Guard is helping the Red Cross at this point. Looks like we're on our own here in Los Feliz."

It seemed unbelievable to her... despite what she had already witnessed. But seeing the precinct in disarray brought it home.

Just me and you, kiddo, she repeated in her mind.

"Well, do we have anyone else?" she asked.

"No one's been here today, except you. And apparently, Taylor." Manning thumbed absently through the pile of paperwork. Jesus, he was acting odd. "But Thompson is all right, from what I understand. He called today; he's relocating his family. Same with Reins...."

Carla considered herself an astute cop. She prided herself in sensing people's vibes, the odd ones especially. A prickly warning tingled along the back of her neck. What was it?

"Manning. There's something you're not telling me.... Look at me."

Manning hesitated a moment, then raised his eyes to meet hers. Her reaction told him everything. She knew.

Carla looked into his red-streaked eyes and stiffened. "Manning..."

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry but not sorry, Carla. I was sick, but now I'm better. Hey, don't worry!" He rose from his seat, but she was already at the door. "I won't hurt you."

"Jesus," she muttered. "Listen, Boss. I know the cure. Not many do. I'm with a group of people that have been through what you're going through now. We could help you, and you'd be normal again."

"Cure?" Manning laughed. "Normal? There is no normal now. Don't you see what's happening? I'm strong, Carla. And I'm still okay, trust me...." A hint of uncertainty seeped through this last statement. "And, I would never hurt you."

"You're hungry, I bet," she said. She didn't dare reach for her holstered gun. Not alone, not with his new strength.

"I am," Manning told her. "I've decided I will not feed on the good guys. You included. There are plenty of deadbeats in this city. I can be a good cop, and bring down the number of losers."

Carla shook her head. "What in the hell?! That's not what I meant-"

"It's just the way things are now, Carla. You think we can stop this? If you can't beat 'em, join 'em."

"You don't understand," Carla tried to reason with him, reaching for the doorknob. "You think this way now. But it will overcome you. You will become one of them."

"Maybe, maybe not." He didn't seem to care, but noticed her hand turning the knob. "Yes, I'm hungry. But you'd better leave now. Because I do intend to feed."

Immediately, Carla understood why Manning was keeping the three men in that cell. "No," she told him, "whatever they're in for, those prisoners don't deserve death."

Manning took a step toward her, anger in his expression. "Who made you judge and jury?"

"And who made you executioner?" she dared.

"That's enough insubordination. Carla, I'm telling you to leave. There's a new sheriff in town now. Different rules."

He advanced closer, and she opened the door and backed into the hallway. "Okay, okay." She placated him. "I'm leaving. Do what you have to do."

But Manning's eyes flashed a deep red now. "I don't believe you," he sneered. "You never should have come back!"

Carla turned and ran down the hall. His new chemical makeup made him faster than her now, she knew. She turned a corner and quickly ducked into a corridor with her gun drawn.

She could hear him slow to a walk. "I know you're here," he called out. "Really, Carla, it's so much better on this side. You say you want to help me? Hell, I could help you. We could be true partners."

Carla heard the radio play "You Can't Hurry Love" as she listened to him drawing nearer. She backed up as far as she could, ashamed that she was shaking.

Manning sniffed the air and snickered. He was somewhere near the edge of the corridor. Perhaps to throw her off, he called out her name, and an instant later he jumped in front of her, lips pulled back with the obvious intent to take a very big bite.

She screamed and prepared to fire her gun, but Manning sent it flying before she pulled the trigger.

"Too late, my dear. Don't worry, I'm not going to kill you. I'm going to make you a partner. I'll take care of-"

A shot fired and Manning's head blew apart, burying her in a crimson shower. Her boss fell to the floor.

* * *

Jack came to her, wrapping his arms around her. She sobbed into his chest. Jack understood the camaraderie Carla shared with her fellow officers. He had his own buddies in his field, which wasn't so different from hers. This was much more than taking out just any Zombie. It was a colleague. Her sergeant.

Jack stroked her hair, fingers lingering on her jaw and neck. She quieted after a while. "Shh," he whispered. "It's okay."

"God, I'm glad you're stubborn and followed me," she said as she wiped her nose on her sleeve.

"Me, too. Let's get the hell out of here," he said.

Carla nodded and grabbed her gun from the floor.

Jack slipped his arm around her and they stepped over what was left of Sergeant Manning.

As they drew close to the holding cell, the younger guy yelled out, "Please let us out. Please. We're sitting ducks in here!"

"I've got to let them out," Carla whispered. "It's the humane thing to do."

"Yeah," Jack replied. "I don't think they're going to get due process of law any time soon."

She took her keys from her belt. "Listen," she told them, "you guys better remember that I'm doing you a favor. Get safe and stay out of trouble. Whatever any of you are in here for... take this as your last chance to redeem yourselves." She waited to turn the key in the lock, looked each of them in the eye. "Understood?"

The three nodded enthusiastically and stumbled over each other running for the door like the hunted prey they still were.

Jack caught her arm when she turned to leave. Drawing her close, he pulled her body against his. "I've been waiting a long time to do this," he whispered into her ear, caressing it with his lips. He drew her mouth to his and kissed her long and hard.

She kissed him back, maybe even harder.

Chapter Seven

Over the next few days, back at the observatory, there was much to do.

As everyone got to know each other better, they drew on each others' knowledge and skills. Jack knew how to set traps. Although he didn't care to kill animals, he understood the need for protein. Carla was extremely resourceful; she gathered furniture and other goods. Before long, their 'living section' at the end of the hall was fairly comfortable. She organized the stock and kept track of what was still needed.

Mike and Joe set about increasing security and taking out wandering zombies nearby. They also brought the SUV down to the lower level at the back of the building, parking it at a loading dock used to haul large equipment and machinery. The likelihood of someone taking it from the front of the premises was slim, but they didn't want to take any chances. Julie's squad car finally ran out of gas and they left it in Jack's garage at home. That left his truck and the SUV. Both had about a half tank.

Although they had cleared the building of bodies, a stench began to rise from outside. Carla boiled water and orange peels to help sweeten the air.

Anna's sickness crept into her mind slowly. Everyone could see it. She cared less and less about anything. By the second day, she was already weak. Later that afternoon, Jack found Jared reading to her from a book he'd found in one of the rooms.

"How you feeling, angel?" asked Jack, sitting down next to her.

"I've been better," she answered. Her voice was weak, monotone. She's starting to not care, he thought as he brushed her hair back from her face. He wanted to remember the old Anna.

Not yet, please not yet...

"How about we take a little walk outside?" Jack suggested. "It's safe right now."

Anna smiled a little but didn't move.

"That's a good idea," Jared said. "Come on." He took her hand, helped her to stand up. They left the office and headed toward the front door. Joe was there with the keys and a rifle. Jack took comfort that his brother would cover the grounds while his niece took a walk. Maybe it would make her happy for a little while at least. Jack mused to himself that they all could use some fresh air, truth be told.

* * *

With Jared and Jack on either side, Anna wandered the grounds barefoot, although they mostly kept her close to the building. Anna seemed to be enjoying the cool, soft grass against her feet.

She headed east, to a slope down the hill, flanked by her protectors. Suddenly, she stopped and cocked her head, listening.

"Come on-" Jared started.

"Don't you hear it?" she said, cutting him off. "It's beautiful!"

Jack shushed them both. Yes, he thought he heard something, too. Down the embankment. He motioned for Jared and Anna to stay back while he took a few steps toward the sound, then paused and listened again.

All was quiet, but something moved in the bushes nearby. Jack focused his eyes on the bushes and what he had seen. But there was nothing else; not even a bird chirped. He paused, staring at the bush and unable to shake the feeling he was being watched. Jack had to admit, he felt like he was being watched.

Probably a rabbit or a fox, he told himself. Or a raccoon, maybe.

He turned, took Anna's hand and led her back. All the while, he couldn't shake the feeling of being watched.

* * *

The agent in black named Cole crouched a little way away in the bushes. He felt exhilarated by what he had just learned. The girl named Anna was indeed infected. She heard the sound he was transmitting, the sound that would bring her first-and then everyone else. Not yet... but soon.

He moved back to the camouflaged tent, merrily whistling a soft tune.

* * *

That evening, Anna had trouble staying focused.

Jared did not leave her side for more than a few moments at a time. He talked with her, read to her, and finally let her sleep. When she could no longer eat or drink, he held her hand in the dark office. He knew what was coming. He knew he couldn't stay with her for much longer. It was only when her eyes lost focus and she seemed to look through him rather than at him that he finally broke down. He held her tight for a moment. Then, in a fit of rage, she shoved him back against the office wall and growled. Jared dashed out, and closed the door.

* * *

Jack waited nearby, taking in Jared's pale face and shaking hands, and hugged the boy for the first time. "It's gonna be all right, son."

Jared nodded bravely. "I know. It's just hard... we haven't even talked about how we are going to contain her. The door opens inward so we can't put stuff against it to block her exit."

He allowed Jack to lead him to the eating area, a picnic table and some folded chairs Carla had dug out from storage.

"Don't worry about it, Jared," said Jack. "We've taken care of that." Jack guided the kid to one of the chairs, where Carla set a bowl of vegetable beef soup in front of him.

"Thank you," said Jared, sounding distracted.

"Tomorrow, I'm going down to the Zoo and run a sweep," said Jack. "I'd like for you to come with me, Jared."

"The zoo? But I want to stay-"

"I know you do. But there's nothing more you can do right now. You need to get your mind and your butt out of here. You can help me get things ready. For Anna."

Jared nodded. Still, a worried look crossed his face. He looked away to avoid Jack's gaze. "I'm worried about my parents, too," he said. "I haven't heard from them in almost two weeks."

Carla and I locked eyes in surprise. She sat down next to the boy and took his hands.

"Why didn't you tell us about them earlier, Jared?"

"There's been so much going on," he answered, his voice cracking. "And when Anna got bitten, suddenly the focus was on her and our security sweeps, and then our supplies and... two weeks got away from me. And I don't know where they are. Or even, if they're alive and okay. I feel so frigging guilty because I am... I am letting go of them. Moving on. Making all of you my family."

"But, they're your parents."

"Only in name," said Jared, sounding bitter. "I was a source of constant disappointment for my dad. Mom and I never really connected. She always worked. She always took his side. There was no...."

"No what?" asked Carla, gently.

"No love, I guess. Nothing like what I see in this family."

His words touched Jack, and appeared to affect Carla even more deeply. Jack drew in a deep breath. "I always try to put a positive and honest spin on all things, kid. And, you're right... there is love here. But I think you should prepare yourself for some rough times ahead."

Jared nodded glumly. "I know. I can feel it. As for my parents, I know in my heart I won't find them. Or, if I do find them, I'll wish I hadn't. They'll be like... like the others." Jared pushed his untouched soup aside.

"All the more reason for you to come with me tomorrow," said Jack. "I'll be with you the whole time. We'll see what there is to see. You never know, maybe they left in the face of danger." As he spoke the words, he couldn't imagine the boy's parents leaving without at least trying to get a hold of him. "And you can help me with some of the zoo animals. I have no clue who else is there anymore. I haven't heard from Brice lately, but maybe he's still around."

* * *

The next morning, the guys decided that Jack and Jared would check the animal traps while Mike and Joe would set the new door in place to hold Anna during this, the worst phase of her infection. Neither Jack nor Jared spoke as they exited the building.

Carla was up next. First, she emptied Anna's temporary room, an office, of all its supplies: staplers, papers, the one chair, the calendar on the wall. Anna was left with nothing. She wouldn't need anything. But they all had witnessed the damage that could be done with something as small as even a paperclip. Or a nail on a beam.

Mike and Joe carried out the desk, leaving the room completely bare. Anna had become less and less coherent, and increasingly susceptible to sounds. She took a swing at her uncle as he tried to give her one last hug. Carla pulled him away.

Then they closed the door and secured it with a huge wooden beam.

Anna was left to express her rage in total darkness.

Chapter Eight

During the drive from the observatory to the zoo, Jack attempted to kill the quiet with bits of conversation with Jared. "Would you like to know the best thing to use in getting rid of that stench?" Indeed, the smell of rotten meat seemed to permeate the air everywhere.

"Oh, yeah?" Jared stared out the window; he wasn't really listening.

"Yeah. Perhaps you already know, since we use it all the time. But most folks don't know about lava rocks."

"I guess not."

"Not quite sure how it works, but you put a few of those rocks outside and they'll get rid of any scent. Pretty cool. Doesn't hurt the animals either."

"Right," Jared answered. "We're gonna need a lot of those."

Jack chuckled, finding himself growing to really like this kid. They soon reached the zoo's employee entrance, left open, and parked in Jack's usual spot. He cut the motor, but neither one exited the vehicle yet. Instead, they listened... all was still and quiet.

"Look, Jared, Anna's going to be all right," said Jack, finally. "She's strong. She's got you, and me, and the rest. We won't let her down."

Jared sat motionless, but Jack could tell he was listening. "And your parents, you know... they might be all right. Maybe it's a communication issue."

"Maybe," was all he offered in response.

"Seriously. Cell phones are down, everyone is scattered around. They have no idea where you are. I'm sure if they did..."

"They didn't care, Jack. Not before all this and certainly not now. Truth is, I haven't talked to them in about a month."

Jack studied him, struggling to comprehend such a thing, even though he realized the world was full of neglected kids. Jared's life had been fairly invisible. As long as he passed his home-school tests, that was all that mattered, apparently. The notion that Jared loved a different part of Anna than most dad's fear-and that he might actually love Anna's family, too-dawned on Jack clearly for the first time.

He put a hand on Jared's shoulder, and the young man let it stay there. "We'll try to find out, son. If we don't find them, you've got family right here."

Jared nodded and wiped away a tear. Jack patted his shoulder again, then reached behind the seat for their rifles. Jack also produced two pistols with silencers attached. "We'll use these when we can," he advised. "We don't want to make any more sound than we have to."

Jack was surprised when the kid knew how to load the ammo clip and checked the scope to make sure it was ready. How many brains had the kid already blown apart? he wondered. Too many for someone that young...or old.

"Come on, son, let's see what we can get done today."

Chapter Nine

Cole took Julie's hand just as she was about to come out of their hiding place. He pulled her close to him.

"Don't disappoint me," he said, his voice cold.

Julie couldn't see his eyes behind the dark shades. But she wondered again how she could have been so easily fooled. He'd been nice enough at first. She didn't forget-he'd reminded her more than once-that he'd saved her life back there at the base.

He'd clothed her, fed her, and even told her stories. But within the two days they'd been together, Julie began to see him as something more. A sinister man, a dark force. And she realized, gradually, that he was no one to fool around with.

Julie was just a housewife, and had been for thirty years. Once this whole thing started, and especially since her husband disappeared, she felt lost. At first, she thought she'd found a savior in Cole, but she now understood differently. The thought slowly dawned on her that the agent would keep her around for as long as he needed her. And then, she knew with certainty, he would dispose of her.

So when Julie couldn't see his eyes, her gaze fell to his lips. Don't disappoint me, they had just whispered. His mouth spread into a thin, icy smile.

Julie forced her hands steady. She took the gun from him and answered, "I won't."

Cole shoved her out into the open. They were behind a public restroom within sight of the observatory. He remained behind, waiting.

Julie knew exactly what to do, whether she liked it or not. Bring back at least two of them. Tell them someone needs help, that she needed help, whatever she could do to get two of them back to the restroom.

Cole hadn't told her why, and by this time, she didn't question him. She knew he had a lock on his person, to use for reasons unknown to her. Julie did notice the restroom he had brought her to had no windows, and no other exit. She knew he would lock whomever she brought back inside this place. She prayed silently she wouldn't be locked in with them.

You won't be, she told herself as she made her way across the long grassy field to the giant building. You already know too much. He wouldn't want you to talk.

He told her they would most likely be watching as she approached. She held her hands in the air as she moved toward the steps. She didn't want to be mistaken for a zombie. All the while, Julie felt certain he had a rifle trained on her back. He'd given her ten minutes to convince some strangers to leave their refuge and come with her. He didn't have to say anymore. She'd seen his weapons. Even a sheltered housewife could tell he had enough ammunition to blow the entire hillside and observatory buildings sky-high.

Julie started crying. Something she was quite was good at; she had used tears to get almost anything from her husband in the past. She was a little sorry about that now, wasting tears on things inconsequential like a new pair of shoes or a kitchen remodel. No matter now, Julie had to be believable. Time to work herself into a frenzy, and act hysterical. Fearing the madman was helpful in that regard. She let the genuine tears from those thoughts flow freely and broke into a run up the steps to the observatory.

She knocked on the main entrance door frantically, and then struck it with the butt of her gun. She kept at it until a man appeared. He was armed, as expected. He stood a few feet from the door.

"Help!" she cried through the glass door. "Please, I need your help!"

The man didn't seem to know what to do. Another man came to his side, then a woman. A female police officer. The first man stepped closer to her, scanned the grass and grounds behind her. "Who are you?" He said it loud enough to hear it clearly through the thick glass.

"My-my name is Julie!" she stammered in a high-pitched voice. "My friends are back there!" she turned, pointed in the general direction of the restroom. "We were in a car accident. They're hurt. You've got to help us! It's getting dark!"

Now the cop-lady came forward. "Where are they? Why are you alone? What are you doing up here?"

"I...we..." A few more tears to buy more time. She tried again, thinking hard. Cry, damn it! "We were trying to get away. It's crazy down there! We had an accident. I think my husband's leg is broken. My father and I got him to a restroom, but I think my father's having a heart attack!" Julie prayed they believed her. She had to keep it up. "Please, please don't leave us out here! I don't know what to do... I just thank God I've found someone human!..."

* * *

"We have to help her," Mike said.

"No, we don't," said Carla, sounding worried. "I don't trust her."

Both sailors stared at Carla in disbelief.

"How can we not help her?" Joe asked. "She's the first sane person we've come across in a long time."

"That's why I don't trust her," Carla countered. "No one in their right mind would come up here. Not now."

It was a good argument. The woman outside moaned and pleaded again.

"Carla..." Mike began.

She cut Mike a sharp look. Her every instinct told her there was something just plain wrong about this woman. Hell, even her acting seemed bad.

"Two of us could go," Joe offered, ignoring Carla's misgivings. Maybe he figured the woman was making such a ruckus that it could inspire a zombie attack.

Carla hated it, but Joe wasn't listening. He was going to help this woman whether the female cop wanted to or not.

He stepped over to the door. "Hold on, ma'am. Calm down.... You don't want to make too much noise." He looked back at the small group. "Two of us could go, and the other should stay here to guard Anna, and wait for Jack and Jared."

Carla wasn't convinced. Her cop instincts were twisting her gut into a knot. She said as much, not caring if the woman overheard her.

"What was it Jack said?" Mike replied. "Democracy. I say let's vote on it."

"Not everyone is here," Carla countered.

"We don't have time. I see three zombies coming," Joe answered. Sure enough, a trio of the infected could be seen at the far end of the grass. "Raise your hand if you want to help this woman, or would you rather watch her die?"

Carla folded her arms and frowned as they both raised their hands. "Oh, for crying out loud," she conceded, angry at being forced to compromise. "All right. But since I'm the one uneasy about this, I'm going. Joe, you stay with Anna."

Mike ran to get more bullets while Joe unlocked the door. He aimed his rifle and blew the brains out of the oncoming zombies.

Once outside, in the open, Carla's anxiety increased as she heard Joe lock the door behind them. This is definitely a mistake....

Meanwhile, the woman, Julie, hugged her. Tightly "Oh, thank you so very much! Come on! We have to hurry!"

Without waiting for them, she took off down the steps.

Chapter Ten

The Los Angeles Zoo was eerie, even in the daylight.

Jack and Jared decided to walk the outer path surrounding the premises from north to south, passing Jack's small living quarters on the premises, where he and Anna often stayed.

The zoo was quiet, but not entirely empty. Here and there were the dead. Some were animals, but most were people. Humans and zombies alike. Many of the bodies had been consumed.

Jesus.

The most dangerous animals-the lions, tigers, and rhinoceros-were still contained in their respective cages and areas. Jack breathed a sigh of relief once he realized none of them were on the loose. Even better, they looked fed and had water from the gravity-feed troughs.

But nearly all of the other animals were gone; most of their cages stood open and the gates left open.

"Where do you think they went?" asked Jared.

Jack scanned the area for any sign of life. "I don't know, probably into the hills."

"But most of them don't know how to hunt," Jared protested. As if he could do anything about it. "They'll starve."

"Maybe not," said Jack, glancing at a half-eaten zombie corpse nearby. A comic mental image of giraffes wandering around the Los Feliz district chasing the undead down vacant streets popped into his head. "Most are friendly. Or, at least, not carnivores. Although, I can't say a zebra would be trustworthy in a confined space."

As they made their way back to Jack's little home away from home, he found it harder to remain nonchalant. Walking over the dead has that effect on a person.

"It will be interesting to see how all of this shakes out," he said, looking to find a distraction from the carnage. "Maybe this whole thing is, in fact, part of the process. Part of evolution. Maybe Nature needed to do some housecleaning."

"What, because there's too many of us?"

"Maybe."

The pair stepped around several dead zombies piled on top of one another. Jack noticed the one on top had been shot through the head, and not too long ago from the looks of the wound.

Warily, they scanned our surroundings as they continued their silent inspection of the deserted zoo. Seeing the flamingos eating their special diet clued the pair that someone was indeed feeding animals still.

When they reached Jack's residence, they cautiously climbed the steps to the door facing the hillside. It was slightly ajar.

Jack and Jared readied their guns while Jack motioned for Jared to get behind him as he pushed the door open.

For the most part, the place was as he remembered leaving it. A couple of blankets were strewn over the couch, though, and the place smelled of coffee.

"Someone's been here today," said Jack.

"And they were sane enough to brew coffee," added Jared, smiling weakly.

Sane tasks, of course, meant a human endeavor. Jack was about to investigate the kitchen when something fell in the bathroom. That door was closed. Jack motioned for Jared to stay back while he slid to one side of the door.

It was then that a familiar voice from the other side said, "Who's there? Answer me, because if you don't, I have a shotgun and I'll blow you all the way to kingdom come!"

* * *

Cole, the agent from hell, prepared to shoot Julie.

He watched her antics to convince the occupants she needed their help. But it wasn't working. The plan would turn to shit if she couldn't draw them out. It would be a shame to kill her and have to start over with someone else. However, he was prepared to do whatever was necessary to take them down if he had to.

The door opened and then Mike came out with a woman in a police uniform. Cole lowered his rifle and frowned. He had hoped to trap Joe Carter, as well as Mike Mendoza, in the restroom. He hadn't thought the lady cop would come. He'd seen Jack Carter and the boy leave earlier. He'd planned on taking care of the woman easily. Slowly.

Still, he could deal with the change in expectations. Cole entered the restroom before they could catch sight of him. He waited behind the door. Soon, he could hear Julie rambling non-stop, which was good because she would provide the distraction he'd hoped for. Hell, she wasn't letting them get a word in edgewise. If nothing else, he intended to get rid of her soon, just to shut her up.

He closed his eyes and mentally prepared himself for battle.

* * *

Carla and Mike strode quickly to keep up with Julie's trot. Mike listened to her account of what had happened, how frightened Julie was, and what a miracle it was to have found their help.

Carla shut the noise out, focusing instead on the fiery feeling in her gut. Something was terribly wrong here, but she couldn't put her finger on it. The woman was obviously harmless and scared, but she was also hiding something. Her annoying chatter was coming out too quickly.

Carla glanced around, seeing nothing out of the ordinary. She turned her gaze back to the woman, Julie. What was unusual about her?

Julie was clean. More than clean; her clothes were brand new. Not a spot of blood or dirt was on them. Among other things, Carla had washed everyone's clothes after the massacre, but they were still stained brown. How had this woman kept clean, coming all the way up here from...?

They were very close to the restroom now. "Excuse me," Carla interrupted Julie's prattle. "Where did you say you came from?"

Julie turned her head back and answered, friendly enough, "Where? Oh, Seal Beach." Julie didn't break her stride, and Mike was so caught up with listening to her that it didn't register.

But Carla pulled back. Seal Beach... Who in the hell would come here from Seal Beach? What ties did she have to this area? If not Julie, was there someone else involved here?

Julie and Mike hadn't noticed that Carla had stopped moving. They were about to enter the restroom when Carla shouted, "No! Mike, wait!" Carla bolted to catch him before he entered.

Mike looked back, baffled at Carla, as he pushed the bathroom door open. "Jesus, what's gotten into-"

Mike never saw what hit him, but Carla witnessed it all. Someone swung a rock, bashing Mike's head in. She cried out and brought her own weapon up.

That's when she heard a click next to her. Carla turned, swinging her weapon around, but stopped short when she saw Julie pointing the handgun at her.

Chapter Eleven

"Brice?" Jack called out. "Is that you?"

"Jack? Is that you?"

"It's me." Relieved, Jack lowered his weapon.

Brice poked his head out. When he saw Jack, his expression changed from one of fear to relief. "Sweet Mother of God, I've never been so happy to see someone in my entire life!" He hugged him like a long lost lover, causing Jack to flinch uncomfortably. "And Jared! Oh, Jared! Son, I thought you left with your parents."

Jared looked surprised. "Where did they go?"

"I don't know, kid. But I'd heard they left town. And not a minute too soon, either."

The boy's face fell. It broke Jack's heart to share in the revelation Jared's parents had indeed left him behind.

Pieces of shit, thought Jack, angrily.

Brice blinked as if expecting them to disappear. "Well, where the hell have you both been? It's been a living nightmare around here. No one left but me. Me and those crazy fuckers."

"I was just here a couple of days ago," said Jack. "I can't believe how quickly this place turned to hell."

Brice motioned for us all to move back into the living room. He looked beat. He poured himself a cup of coffee while Jared locked the front door. Smart kid.

"Well, I suppose you know now," said Brice, sitting in a recliner while holding his coffee. Jared and Jack sat in a couch across from him. "Ain't nobody here to pick up the mess, let alone take care of the animals. They needed food, water, even though I couldn't take care of them all. Mixing meat and supplements for the big cats takes hours. And the flamingos? Their diet is highly specialized, too. But I can't just let them go.... Hell, man, their wings are clipped."

"I see a lot of the grass-eating animals are gone," Jack advised. "Luckily, this zoo doesn't have a lot of big cats."

Brice stared into his coffee. "Had to let 'em go, a lot of the animals," he said in a mournful tone. "Figured they'd have a better chance on their own in the hills around Los Feliz than penned up as prey."

"And your wife?" I asked quietly.

"Sent her off to Arizona. Her sister lives there. I don't know if it's any better over there, but I had to do something to get her to safety. I just can't leave the zoo... not yet. It would be cruel to the ones who depend on me for food and water. I hope Arizona will be safe for my wife. Phones are down. I haven't got a clue if she even made it."

Knowing the whole damn country was coming undone, Jared and Jack locked eyes, but kept quiet. Jack shook his head slightly, and the boy nodded imperceptibly. Brice needed something to hold on to-and that something was hope and his wife.

"Well, now that you're here," said Brice, changing the subject, "can you tell me somethin' I don't know? How in the hell did this happen? And what's going on out there? I haven't left the zoo in over a week."

Jack hesitated. Brice was a good guy. He'd worked at the zoo with his wife for the last thirty-five years or so, after serving in Vietnam. Part of the reason Brice loved the zoo and the animals so much was that he'd been raised on a ranch. He'd expressed to Jack his dismay at watching the animals get killed, and he had vowed to work someday where animals were well taken care of, where they were more than just meat for mankind.

After massaging his eyes and releasing a low sigh, Jack looked into Brice's eager, heartbroken eyes. Carefully considering how much to tell his old friend, he decided to limit the news to Los Angeles and his own family.

* * *

Brice listened intently to Jack's account of what had befallen much of Los Angeles. And, who wouldn't be fascinated by the beginning of the end? The chain of events that had taken place in such a short timespan was truly incredible. Hell, hearing it all over again, coming out of his own mouth, seemed surreal to Jack... completely unreal.

When Jack finished with the news about Anna, Brice made a few sympathetic noises. The old war vet wasn't much on emotion, but Jack was touched by the pain on his face and knew his heart was breaking for him. Good man.

"But she's safe now?" he asked, seeking assurance.

Jack nodded. "And resting. It's partly why we're here. It's good to stay busy."

"I understand, son."

"Also, I've been worried about the animals, and you," Jack continued. "I'm thankful we found you."

"Likewise," Brice stood and put a hand on his arm before returning to the kitchen for more coffee. Jack and Jared declined his offer to join him for a cup. When he returned he focused on Jared. "Sounds like you've been a real hero, too."

Jared nodded but said nothing. Jack could tell he wanted to get back to Anna. Hell, Jack did, too. But it was good to find Brice. Good to see him alive and well and safe. At least for now.

"Why don't you come back with us, Brice? You'll be safe, and we can return here in teams to feed and care for the animals."

"Thank you for the offer, bro," he said. "I just... well, I just don't know how to leave this place."

"It's not safe here," Jared emphasized. "You should come with us."

Brice thought a moment. "You're right. It's not safe anywhere, I guess. But there's safety in numbers. Especially if you agree to my plan."

"What would that be?" Jack smiled. Brice always had a plan for everything.

"You've got to help me free all the animals. And I mean all of them."

"You can't let..." Jack fumbled for words. "You're not thinking of turning a rhino loose. Are you. Brice? You just can't."

"Well, how can I get mass quantities of food delivered and paid for and distributed to them? I don't have the manpower, not even with you guys helping. And the elephants? Without their trainers, they are starting to dismantle their enclosure. It's just a matter of time before they either escape, or die tryin'."

"Elephants," said Jack, chuckling at the thought of an annoyed bull charging through a horde of the undead...

* * *

Julie stayed as far away from the woman cop as she could, fearing her accusing stare. Cole was finishing binding both cops' hands behind them.

Cole's accomplice tried to stifle her tears. Never in a million years did Julie imagine she'd end up with someone like this. Or, in a situation like this. Bad enough the world had gone mad.

She was now a powerless prop of the agent. It took him less than five minutes to tie the cops up, and now he looked at her.

"Please don't tie me up," Julie pleaded.

Cole looked at her with dead eyes, but his grin was not as menacing as before. "Come here, darlin'," he said quietly. He ripped another piece of duct tape.

"Please." Julie sobbed harder. "I'll do anything. What are you going to do to me?"

" I haven't decided yet, but if you want to live longer than the next few seconds, you'll do as I ask. Don't make me hurt you."

Julie inched toward him, tentatively, eyes wide from fear. Cole yanked her forward. He taped her mouth as he had done with Carla and Mike. Cole drew the knots tight, and Julie whimpered as the cords dug into her skin.

"Shut up," he told her, after leaning close to her left ear. Then he turned to Carla. "You. You're coming with me." Julie admired Carla's hateful glare that shot venom as he pulled her up by the arm. "I've got a fun little job to do, and you're going to help me."

Cole shoved Carla out of the bathroom and locked his other two prisoners inside, steeped in impenetrable darkness.

* * *

Joe peered out the front door again. He couldn't quite see where Julie had taken Carla and Mike, although he knew the restroom she'd mentioned was behind some trees, just out of sight.

He looked at his watch. Thirteen minutes. Either serious medical attention was needed or trouble was brewing. Maybe Carla had been right. One of the things drilled into your head in the military was to always help a woman in need. Maybe he and Mike had jumped the gun.

"Shit."

Joe glanced in Anna's direction, where she was still sleeping, presumably, in the office. There was no way he could leave his niece.

Suddenly, he remembered the radio, kicking himself for forgetting about it. He ran to the dining area and picked it up. Jack was out of reach, but Carla shouldn't be. Joe pressed the talk button. "Carla? Joe to Carla, do you read me?"

Silence. But before he pressed the talk button again, a familiar voice erupted from the speaker.

"She can't talk right now."

Joe froze.

How? It can't be....

But there wasn't time to process it all. Cole spoke again.

"Let me in, or she dies."

Chapter Twelve

Had Jack known that his brother was letting their nemesis into the building with a gun trained upon Carla's head, things might have turned out differently. However, all he had to go by was Jared's increasing unease. Jared wanted to go back, to race back to the observatory. But Jack dismissed the kid's antsy pacing as just his being spooked by the eerie atmosphere the zoo had taken on.

Meanwhile, Jack debated with Brice about the hazards of freeing dangerous animals. "The cats are deadly," he told Brice. "Somebody could get killed or badly injured. In fact, I'd bet on it."

"From what you say, Los Angeles is already overrun with this zombie shit," Brice replied. "If everyone knows it's a deadly world out there, surely they'll be extra careful."

"I know, but Brice. Those tigers... the lions, even the rhinoceros, no one could be prepared to meet them on the streets of Los Feliz. Not even you or me."

"Who's out there roaming the streets and parks?" he countered. "No one but zombies. Maybe the cats will do some good, and kill a few."

"But...."

"And what about the orangutans, Jack?," Brice continued, ignoring Jack's indignant expression. "Or the apes? We can't just leave them here alone. That ain't right. They'll starve, here, but I'll bet they'll find a way to survive out there."

Jack couldn't argue that point. Everyone loved them, especially the zoo staff. They all knew their human-like qualities, and held a special affinity for the gentle giants. But they weren't always gentle. Or slow. If panicked, well, a human could not escape an ape.

"Grizzly bears, too. Problematic." Jack thought this should end the debate, since clearly the dangers outweighed the benefits. The animals were all better off in the zoo, as long as he and Brice came back regularly to feed them.

Jared, clearly agitated, continued to pace back and forth. He tapped a pencil against the table. Jack still ignored him.

"Look, Jack," Brice finally said. "The bottom line is this: I know you mean well, but there's no guarantees we can get back here safely. And, I'm not leaving any of God's beasts here to starve to death." Brice sat back and folded his arms defiantly. "That's my final answer."

Letting them starve had never been Jack's intention either. He was about to debate Brice again about coming back to feed them as necessary, but realized how impractical it would be.

"You're right, as usual," he finally conceded. "It's the lesser of two evils."

Jared sighed impatiently. But Jack ignored him, intent on resolving the disagreement with Brice first.

"Okay, we'll do it your way," said Jack, finally. "We will do whatever it takes to get you to come with us."

"Good." Brice stood and downed the rest of his coffee. "We'll take your truck around. Just unlock the cages and gates. Start with the least dangerous. The big cats last. Most of them won't realize they can get out for a while anyways."

"I hope you're right about that."

Jared reminded Jack about the lava rocks, and they loaded a few fifty-pound sacks into the bed. The truck cab was small, so Brice insisted on sitting in back, armed with a loaded tranquilizer gun in each hand.

"Just in case," he chuckled.

* * *

The trio started with the smaller species, the monkeys, the chimps. As they made their way around, unlocking cages and gates, some of the animals ventured out. Most, however, were unsure and stayed within their safe homes. The elephants congregated around their open gate, trumpeting. The guys left them to decide on their own, whether to venture forth or not.

Finally, they freed the big cats. Only one of them, a particularly hungry tiger, charged, but Brice was an expert shot. Jack waited for it collapse before re-opening the gate. Knowing the tiger would awaken soon, the guys finished their business at the zoo and got the hell out of there.

By then, Jared was beside himself with worry to get back to Anna. Jack, too, who drove as quickly as possible to reach the observatory.

Despite Jack's attempts to converse with Jared, he remained silent, looking around each bend and curve on the way up. His nervousness increased Jack's uneasiness and he picked up speed.

Rounding the final bend that brought the hill to the observatory into view, Jared leaned forward as if this would help speed the truck. Jack couldn't help chuckling about it, and unfortunately failed to avoid the strip tacks coming up. The tires instantly deflated.

Thump... thump... thump...

It almost sent them crashing into the hillside, with Jack fighting to keep the truck on the road. When it skidded to a halt, Jared jumped out first. Scarcely noticing the shredded tires with a glance, he raced up the hill to the observatory.

Chapter Thirteen

"Jared!" hollered Jack.

But the kid ignored him, and a moment later disappeared around a corner. Damn, he's fast! Jack wanted to chase after him, but didn't want to leave Brice alone either. In his experience, you didn't go running into trouble, you let trouble come to you. And when it did, you were prepared. And something-or someone-was looking for trouble.

Whoever laid this damn strip definitely had thrown down the gauntlet.

For an older guy, Brice still moved well. He was up and over the side and stood next to Jack. They spotted the sprinting figure of Jared running in the direction of the setting sun. Despite being only about an eighth of a mile away from the observatory, neither man could sprint like Jared. The foolish kid had left his rifle in the car, and Jack spotted a few zombies up ahead. Jared paid them no attention, obviously focused on reaching the building's main entrance. If the undead didn't get to him, whoever had put out the tack strips was likely waiting nearby.

The two men almost didn't hear the zombies creeping up from behind. Brice turned in time to shoot a tranquilizer into one. It did no good.

"Well, shit," he said. "I should have known...."

Jack quickly handed him a spare pistol, and splat, splat splat. Goodbye zombies. More were coming, but from further down the road. They didn't have time to get them all.

"Come on," urged Jack.

"No, you go get Jared," he said. "I'll hurry as fast as I can. I can hold these fuckers off."

Jack had little choice but to trust him. He threw him a rifle, grabbed the other and prayed Brice would survive.

Jack ran for the building. Brice followed as quickly as his arthritic bones would let him. Jared had reached the door and banged frantically. Only then did he seem to notice the zombies within close proximity. Jack was too far away to shoot accurately without stopping to aim. And he didn't want to stop. Not yet.

At thirty yards he had to take a shot, for the zombies were almost upon Jared. Jack dropped to his knee. Waiting this long endangered Jared, since he could hit Jared just as easily as his assailants. Jack's hands shook, while seconds of safety melted away. It was now or never.

Jack took aim and fired and three of the bastards fell. He pulled the trigger again. Click. No more bullets. Son of a bitch. He'd left the box Carla gave him in the truck.

Jared banged on the door harder.

Where the hell was everyone?

"Jared, run!" shouted Jack. Jared turned to him, and Jack waved his rifle in the air. "Move out of the way!"

Jared ducked in time to avoid the outstretched hands of what had once been a young man-a kid who was now a night walker desiring human flesh. Jared juked another, and sprinted back down the steps and toward the others. They pursued him, but he eluded them with his speed. Jack had a few bullets left in his pistol, but not enough for all of them.

When Jared finally reached him, Brice was also hurrying to catch up. Still another forty yards away, the zombies pursuing him were falling further behind. They trudged up the road, and hadn't reached the truck yet.

"I need bullets," said Jack.

"They're still in the truck?" Jared said, catching on. Shit!"

"You think you can beat them to the truck?"

"I'll have to," said Jared, before either man could stop him.

But Jared's speed allowed him to beat the slow-moving monsters. Although, when he reached the truck, he had to jump inside and roll up the windows.

"Shit, now what's he going to do?" Jack lamented to Brice. Meanwhile, two dozen zombies closed in on the pair from all directions. Between the two of them, seven bullets wouldn't save them.

But Jared did what the others should have done in the first place. He started the engine and drove through the zombies, flat tires and all. Jack and Brice jumped onto the bed of the passing truck, and Jared shoved the box of bullets through the back window. Brice and Jack loaded as quickly as they could, and started firing.

It was over in under a minute. Only in the silence that followed did they hear something else-

Banging, from somewhere. Followed by something else. Muffled sobbing. Coming from nearby.

"What the hell is that?" worried Jack.

"I don't know," said Brice, pointing to the public restroom. "It's coming from over there."

"You think it's one of them?" asked Jack.

"No, the woman doesn't sound crazy. She sounds scared... maybe hurt."

"Shit!" hissed Jack. His heart felt like it would come up through his throat. Was it Carla? He couldn't be sure. "C'mon," he said, jumping out of the truck bed and running to the restroom.

"Wait!" Jared call to them, once Brice joined Jack. "We have to make sure Anna is safe!"

Anna was indeed top priority. But someone had obviously done some serious planning here; the strip tacks, whoever was held in the restroom, and the pounding on the door to the observatory. Another muffled voice resounded from inside the restroom, this time a man's.

"I'd swear that's Mike," Jack advised.

"Who cares?" Jared replied angrily, and then caught himself. "I didn't mean it like that. But we know they're likely not in danger of dying immediately. Right? But we don't know about Anna."

"Which is why we have to be smart," said Jack.

"I've had a feeling all day...." Jared's voice cracked and he slammed his palms against the steering wheel. "And you didn't listen. Something's seriously wrong, Jack It feels like a setup."

"All the more reason to be cautious... maybe Mike can tell us what's going on."

"You're wasting time!" Jared jumped out of the cab, shaking his fist at Jack.

Brice broke in. "You're both wasting time." He put a hand on Jared's shoulder, but Jared shrugged it off.

"It will only take a second to check this out." Jack pointed to the restroom, fighting to keep his voice calm.

Jared wheeled around, gathered as many bullets as he could fit into his pockets from the truck's glove box.

"Then you'll only be a second behind me," He said without looking back. He retrieved one of the hunting knives and headed for the building, and Anna.

Jack stared after him. Jesus, this kid has it bad for my angel. At least she was in good hands with Jared. Reckless hands, granted, but good nonetheless.

Jack reloaded his gun from the remaining ammo and handed Brice a handful of bullets. Jack grabbed the remaining knife from beneath the seat and then headed for the restroom with Brice.

"Let's see what the hell's going on in there."

* * *

The door was padlocked.

"Mike," said Jack, holding his gun out before him. Brice hovered nearby, watching the back side of the building. "Is that you?"

"Mmmm... Mmmm... mmmm!"

Obviously gagged, a woman moaned, gagged as well. Jack didn't recognize her voice. It wasn't Carla.

Jack looked around. Despite misgivings about making too much noise, there wasn't time for other options. "Stand back, Mike. I'm going to shoot the lock." He heard shuffling inside the room and pointed the gun down and away, blowing the lock off once he was reasonably certain Mike had moved away from the door.

Brice shined a flashlight inside the restroom. Mike and another woman were up against the wall, turned away from the door. Bound hand and foot. Mike was pissed as hell; the woman was a pitiful, tearful mess. Mike desperately tried to speak.

"Cole's here," said Mike, once the gag was loosened.

The agent in black? Shit!

"What's going on, Jack?"

"You tell me," said Jack, cutting quickly through the cords. Brice approached the woman to remove her duct tape.

"Don't do it!" Mike warned Brice, rubbing his head. Jack saw a lump pushing through his blood-matted hair. "That bitch set us up!"

She tried to say something, wiggling closer to Jack with a pleading look.

"Leave her for now," he told Brice. To Mike, he said, "Tell me quick. Jared's probably trying to get inside and he's alone."

Mike gave a brief rundown of how Julie had lured him and Carla into the restroom, only to be knocked unconscious and locked inside.

"He took Carla," Mike continued, gingerly touching his head. He winced. "About an hour ago. He said he'd be back for this one." He jerked his head toward Julie.

"Well, shit."

"You haven't been back inside the observatory yet?" Mike asked.

"I told you, we just got here." Jack was furious. A million questions raced through his mind and a million visions of what had become of Anna. If Cole has laid one hand on her....

Mike was free, and Jack wasted no time.

"Brice, leave her. Come on."

Halfway out the door, Brice said, "We can't leave her here, Jack. The crazies will get her."

Jack lost it. "If this woman is with Cole, she is an enemy! You can't trust her!"

"She's alive and still a human being, Jack!" Brice replied, almost as angrily.

He didn't understand, but there wasn't time to explain.

"Trust me, Brice," said Jack, spitting out the words evenly. Leave her."

The older man hesitated.

"Look. You come with us. Or you can stay with her," said Jack, his patience evaporated. "I'd rather you come. Either way, I'm leaving."

Brice shrugged his shoulders, and Jack bolted with Mike behind him. They ran toward the observatory, where Jared was slamming his gun against the thick glass window near the main entrance. He was yelling at someone inside. If that wasn't enough to attract more zombies, an alarm suddenly sounded from within the great building.

"Ah hell, here goes nothing!"

Jack and Mike sprinted while new arrivals from the undead crowded their path.

Chapter Fourteen

Cole paid no attention to Jared's pounding. Let him pound, he thought, smiling, let him make some noise, the fool.

Cole had almost finished his tasks. Joe had put up a good fight, no mistake about that. When Joe Carter had let Cole in, and Carla, Joe had taken a huge risk by knocking Cole's gun away. They'd fought hard, but the devil in the flesh had finally wrestled Joe to the floor. The agent, after all, was a highly efficient killing machine. He easily hogtied the Navy man on the floor.

However, by the time he'd contained Joe, Carla had disappeared. Cole was seething after wasting precious time searching the huge building. When he found her, he gave her a lesson she wouldn't soon forget. Joe was horrified to see her return with a mean black eye, a fat lip and a serious bruise on her temple. Cole used her own cuffs to chain her to a door nearby.

Then came Anna. Cole wanted both Joe and Carla to witness what he had in mind for the youngster. He tore the boards down and stepped back, ready for anything. He didn't know whether the girl was still in a mindless rage or regaining her senses. Either way, she might be strong by now.

Anna stumbled out of the dark office, eyes fiery red but not focused on anything. The agent shouted, "Boo!" and she moved toward him, arms outstretched. She let out a guttural sound. Cole knew that response quite well. It meant she was barely human.

She'd ripped out some of her own hair and torn her clothing. She smelled of urine. She might be borderline crazy, but she was still a kid. He subdued her easily enough, although he was concerned by her strength that might continue to increase. He tied her to a steel rail along the wall, not far from where Carla was cuffed at the door. All the while, Anna hissed and snapped at him like an agitated gator. The railing had a few broken screws in the wall mounts. As she snapped at him, drywall dust sifted down. Wouldn't take much for a crazy to pull it loose. And the girl was already damn strong. Crazy and a little too strong, if truth be told.

"Not sure how long this railing will hold her," he told Carla and Joe. "I suggest you two keep still and don't get her riled up."

Cole got to work on the rest of his plan. First, he tossed all their food out the side door, aiming for the dead crazies. He gathered what clothing they had, jackets, shoes, and anything else they would need, and threw it out as well.

Next, he unlocked several doors leading outside throughout the building. Including the roof. He left the main entrance and the side door they used locked.

The weapons Jack and Joe Carter had brought up lay conveniently on a large cart. Cole noticed several boxes of bullets, magazine refills and some grenades. He quickly opened the bullets and tossed them down to the floor below where they scattered like an exposed nest of roaches. Next, he stashed the grenades carefully inside his handbag, then pushed the cart to the stairway leading down to the lower level, and gave it a hearty shove.

That would slow them a bit.

This was when Jared appeared for the second time. The first time Cole wasn't ready, so he remained hidden. Now, however, he saw the benefit of having the boy nearby. And saw the benefit of getting him riled up.

After all, Cole needed the crazies to show up.

* * *

Jared had never seen him before, but when he saw the man approach the observatory's main entrance, he just knew. It was the 'agent in black' he'd heard the others talk about.

He pressed his face against the glass. Where the hell was Joe and Carla? The man's cold smile made Jared's skin crawl. He did something to them. To Anna!

"Motherfucker!" shouted Jared. He slammed the butt of his gun with renewed vigor, cracking one of the reinforced window panes.

Cole stood opposite Jared and chuckled. "Great job, kid. You're making this easier for me by the minute. Keep it up."

Jared reached through the broken pane to unlock the door. Then he remembered the deadbolt.

"You son of a bitch!" Jared pulled his arm back out-too quickly. A thick shard of glass cut deeply into his forearm. He barely noticed. "Where's Anna? What are you doing?" He pounded on the door again, smearing blood from his wound.

"Even better," Cole said, motioning to the wounded arm. "They can smell that, too, you know?"

Jared drew his gun. The Agent in Black remained calm. "If you hurt me, you'll never see your Anna alive again." It wasn't necessarily true, but Jared couldn't take that chance. He was terrified. The agent smiled again and opened the sack he carried. Jared watched as Cole removed a smoke alarm and set it at the foot of the door. He triggered the alarm's ear-splitting scream.

* * *

Cole smiled, but realized he had to move quickly. The side doors, after all, were open. Wouldn't take a smart kid long to figure that out.

He sprinted back to his prisoners. There, he covered Anna's head and arms with a pillowcase he had brought with him. Anna fought him, but again, he was stronger. For the time being, the girl remained in the in-between phase of growing strength and gaining intelligence. A phase that didn't last very long before the real nightmare set in.

He retrieved another smoke alarm from his bag of tricks. He approached Joe Carter. "When they get here-if they get here-tell them that if they want to see Anna again they're going to have to come for her."

"Where?" Joe asked, turning his eyes toward his adversary.

"We'll be at the ball park," Cole said. "Dodger Stadium."

He needed space to implement his bigger plan, a plan that just might save the damned human race after all. Or not. He didn't know. But, at least it could slow down the crazies in Los Angeles. And he also got to blow something up. Something damned big. And the best part was his agency had authority to use any force necessary to stop an outbreak such as this.

And Cole just happened to have the biggest "force" of them all. A thermonuclear warhead lay hidden among his prized possessions.

What a way to go, he thought, and I'm bringing all these fuckers with me. But not here. No. Here is not the place. I need somewhere big, somewhere to pack all the crazies in good and tight.

He looked again at Joe Carter. "We're going to play a little game. The stadium's a mighty big place. We'll see if you can find us in time. And you'll try if you care enough about this little girl. Or whatever the hell she is now."

He didn't wait for a response. Instead, he set the next smoke alarm off.

Holding Anna by the pillowcase, Cole next freed Carla from the door. No, she had not been part of his original plan. But he figured having a little fun before the Big Bang might be a good thing. And Carla looked like a lot of fun.

With her hands still bound behind her back he gave her a shove. "You're coming with us, too. I could use some company."

The trio descended down the stairs to the parking garage below, while the alarms blared.

Chapter Fifteen

The alarm was loud enough to wake the dead. Which is exactly what it did. Jack watched them stumble out from the surrounding trees. Panicked, he and Mike sprinted to reach the door.

Jared's arm was bleeding heavily, and Jack was dismayed to see the broken window from which the piercing sound erupted. Obviously, Jared had broken the window, cutting himself badly in the process.

"He's got her!" Jared shouted in anguish.

Jack didn't have to ask who. Anna, of course. The agent in black was evening the score with Mike, Joe, and Jack.

He's got my baby girl! thought Jack.

"Jack... behind us," advised Mike.

Dozens of the undead, if not closer to a hundred.

Relying on the first instinctive thing that came to mind, Jack kicked in the last of the window. Then he ushered Jared and Mike inside. Doing their best to ignore the alarms, he and Mike shoved a heavy desk against the broken window. Mostly covered, it would hold the zombies back for a while.

"Jack, in here!" shouted Mike, after Jack had destroyed the last of the alarms with his boot heels.

Mike had run off to the adjoining Great Hallway. Expecting the worst, Jack found his brother bound and gagged.

"He took them, Jack! The fucking bastard took them, both!"

"Where? Where did he take them, Joe?" asked Jack, his heart feeling like it might come up through his throat.

"Downstairs... the parking garage. They're going to Dodger Stadium."

That's all Jack heard before running for the stairs and flying down them. But he was too late. The SUV was gone, along with his infected daughter and the woman who had stolen his heart.

It was turning into one hell of a shitty day.

* * *

Jack returned to the main hallway. His head was swirling. But at least Joe was working off a similar blow to the head as Mike had suffered.

"They're gone," he announced. "But before we go after them, we'll need a plan. First things first. Let's take care of that cut, Jared."

The kid was still bleeding bad and would need stitches. After retrieving the first aid box, Jack stitched the wound with Mike's help. Not the best job, and surely it would look Frankenstein-ish forever more, but the bleeding stopped. Mike had just tied off the thread when they heard a loud commotion down the hall.

"Shit," whispered Mike, looking up.

Jack nodded. "They're inside."

* * *

Jack worried they were losing time by not pursuing the 'agent in black'. But they would never get far if the zombies couldn't be brought under control. Jack prepared to start picking the suckers off one by one, but Joe stopped him.

"By the way, Cole totally fucked with our ammo."

"What do you mean?"

"Look for yourself."

Jack glanced to where the cart had been. It was gone. If the bastard's intention was to make their lives miserable, he was succeeding in spades.

All Mike, Jared and Jack had for ammo was the bullets they had stuffed into their pockets. And Jared had lost too much blood to fight effectively, barely keeping his arm up. Worries about Anna and Carla threatened to overwhelm Jack-especially without transportation and weapons to get to the stadium and then fight effectively.

Things looked terribly grim.

The zombies made their way toward them in the hallway. Thankfully, there were only a few-much less than it sounded like. The armed trio took them out while guttural shrieks erupted from outside the side entrances.

What in the hell?

Had Cole unlocked the doors, too? They sounded too close.... No telling how many were on the way. Mike and Joe went to secure one side entrance while Jared insisted on accompanying Jack to close the other, an employee entrance into the observatory. The pair heard a thump and then guttural shrieks as they approached the open door. A dozen members of the undead hovered just outside the entrance. Their contorted faces were pressed against the smoky glass as they fumbled for the handle. Most of the faces sported deep wounds along the cheeks, forehead, and necks. Surely how they were all turned into what they were now.

A short blast of bullets made the monsters back off just enough to secure the lock again.

"Sweet Jesus!" he whistled under his breath.

To be on the safe side, Jared helped Jack further secure the handles by using some of the cut cords that had been used to bind his brother. Soon after, Mike and Joe rejoined them in the main hallway.

"Held them back," said Mike, pointing to where they had been moments before. "We secured the door back there. But there's an awful lot of them this time. The door is gonna give before too long."

"Now what do we do?" Joe asked Jack.

"We figure out the best way to get out of here," he said. "Then we go find Anna and Carla."

Chapter Sixteen

Jack and Mike went through the building thoroughly, sealing what doors they could and barricading the ones they couldn't. Then all the guys gathered the few remaining items Cole had missed, along with what weapons and ammunition they could retrieve safely from the basement level.

Despite Cole's efforts to hamstring the group, they managed to recover several dozen rifles and pistols, and a couple of cases of bullets. But not knowing what the bastard had in mind, they raided the custodian closets for anything that looked like it could serve as a weapon, like a couple of shovels, and a garden hose.

It was hard to concentrate on anything other than Anna and Carla's safety. But Jack focused on the task at hand. Presently, that meant stashing the supplies into big trash bags.

"Dodger Stadium?" said Joe, when they were finished. They had their weapons and supplies. They were ready to move.

Mike shook his head. "He's obviously baiting us. He wants us to come. We've got to be smarter than him."

"You don't know him." Joe's dark voice matched the spreading shadows, it was early evening. "He doesn't care. Yeah, he wants us to come. Especially me and Mike. He hates us. He wants us, but he doesn't care about Anna or Carla. He wants revenge."

"So, how to get there as quickly as possible?" asked Jack. "Both the truck and the patrol car have flat tires."

"We can hike," suggested Mike. "But it wouldn't be safe. This zombie bullshit has to be spreading like wildfire."

As they talked, the sound of dragging feet and snarls drifted from down the hall again.

"My turn." Joe sighed, and then drew his hunting knife and went after them. Everyone else paused to listen to the blows-the crunch of bones-until he returned. "Piece of cake," he said.

Jack didn't like how commonplace the violence had become. But the world was changing fast. This got him thinking about Brice and the woman, Julie. With darkness approaching, he didn't know what to do about either one. He thought about Anna and Carla again.

"All we have is my truck," he said, "The tires are shot."

"Screw the tires," Jared said angrily. "I mean, who's going to care? Anyone out there to give us a ticket, even?"

"He's right, you know," Joe said. "We could at least make it down the hill on the rims."

"We could probably hotwire something when the truck gives out," Mike said. "We've done that many times before."

Everyone looked to Jack again for a final answer. He didn't think of himself as completely in charge, but maybe he was. After all, it was his daughter and girlfriend's lives out there on the line.

"Okay," he said, after giving it some thought. "Let's take the truck. Load up, and search for Brice first. We'll at least start with that."

Jared didn't like it. He wanted to get Anna. Period. Jack shared his pain, but carried the more experienced perspective of doing the right thing usually meant the best results would follow. Saving Brice first was the right thing to do.

They all agreed to use as few bullets as possible. When it was time to go, Joe and Mike covered Jack and Jared, who no longer bore the pallor of death after consuming several energy bars, as they loaded the truck. It was then decided Joe would drive, Jared shotgun, and Mike and Jack would man the back.

Brice and Julie were still barricaded in the bathroom when they retrieved them. Brice was damned happy to see them, and he had kept Julie tied up, except for her feet.

"She wasn't going anywhere," he advised. "I took the tape off of her mouth so she could have a drink from the sink. Had to put it back on, though, as she wouldn't stop talking even for a nanosecond."

Jack chuckled in spite of his worry. "We're getting the hell out of here, Brice. You coming?"

Indeed, neither Brice nor the captive named Julie put up a fuss about leaving. Mike lifted her into the truck bed none too carefully. Whatever kindness he'd given her before had been used up and worn out. "Just sit there and shut the hell up," he ordered, ignoring her muffled protests.

The tire treads came off before they reached the bottom of the hill. The rims protested with an absurd screech, and sparks roostered out from the friction created by the road. Joe had to slow down significantly, but he could drive faster than the critters that used to be human ambled. From the back, Jack and Mike sharpened their moving target skills whenever one got too close. Other than the walking dead, the streets were empty.

Joe cut the engine under the cover of a large elm tree when they reached the intersection of Los Feliz Boulevard. Darker than any of them had ever seen it. The quiet was eerie, along with the soft rustling breeze that usually went unnoticed. Trash blowing along with it. The occasional crazy, the less occasional car passing. The stars... they could damned near see them all.

Indeed, the world was different now, and the six of them took it all in, each in their own way. Mostly in shock. For those few minutes, surely it sank in that nothing would ever be the same... ever again.

Chapter Seventeen

Cole had been up for about thirty hours straight, with no sleep, since he'd left Seal Beach. Presently, he leaned back in a comfortable office chair in Dodger Stadium's media room. He chewed on a pretzel and regarded Carla. Part of his training meant going without sleep for nearly four days. Thirty hours should've been a piece of cake. But he felt tired... tired, irritated, and restless.

* * *

Carla sat nearby on the floor. She'd managed to get herself to a sitting position from where he'd dumped her. She met his eyes evenly. She didn't know where Anna was, and this worried her a great deal. But she would never let on to the Agent in Black that she was scared.

Never show them your fear.

She kept her eyes on his, not allowing herself to look at the pretzel. She was ravenous beyond belief. Thirsty, too. She swallowed both back.

Fuck him, she thought.

A few hours ago, Cole had driven them to the ballpark. Parked in the huge lot, she'd watched him study blueprints of the place. Where he'd gotten them, she had no clue. Probably the military base, she reasoned. After a few moments, he rolled the papers neatly and started the SUV again.

The ground level held several loading docks and large supply elevators. Cole had picked one of the locks and drove the vehicle inside. It was dark, a stark contrast to the afternoon sun. It took some moments for Carla's eyes to adjust to the dimness.

The vile agent cursed when the elevator didn't work. He cuffed her hands to the steering wheel, leaving Anna, head and arms still covered, in the back.

"Be quiet," he had reminded Carla. "We don't know what she's capable of, do we?" And he left.

Carla had been extremely uncomfortable in this position, but she kept as still as she could. Every time she moved, Anna shifted.

Roughly twenty minutes later Cole reappeared, smiling knowingly. The utility elevator stood open, the lights glowing behind him. He got in the car and released Carla from the steering wheel. He then drove the vehicle into the elevator. After the door closed, it brought them up to the main level, and this time the elevator's other door opened and he drove them into the coliseum that had once hosted millions of fans in its heyday. It now sat deserted, empty.

Cole parked, re-cuffed Carla, and coaxed Anna out from the back seat. Carla watched as he led the girl down a concourse. Anna still had that jerky gait, following his voice. They turned a corner, out of Carla's sight.

Carla stretched and wiggled to face the carpet. There's got to be something, she told herself. She remembered the tiny objects Joe and Mike had used to their benefit; a simple bobby pin, a nail. Arms bound behind her, she used her feet to feel for something she could use.

She was sweating; Cole would wonder what she'd been up to. But Carla didn't care. As far as she was concerned, they weren't on speaking terms. Oh, I want to kill him, she thought as she swept her shoes methodically across the floor.

She imagined how she would kill him, in what way she would take his life. Thinking of the possibilities, she almost missed it. But there it was... a pen. She contorted into an impossible position to see it. A Bic ballpoint.

Carla kicked off her shoes and tried to grasp the smooth sides with her toes. She was on her stomach now, her intent to bring the pen up behind her...it fell onto the passenger seat. Damn it. She glanced up to find Cole returning alone.

Salty drops slid into her eyes. Maybe she could get it if she sat back in her seat. And her shoes...

He was studying the stadium as he walked. Carla wriggled again onto her back, sliding as far as she could into her seat. She shoved her shoes back on; one of the heels collapsed, she tried again. Meanwhile, Cole turned his gaze to her. She tried to appear calm, all the while searching for the pen behind her as he drew nearer. Her hand found it with just enough time to slide it into her pants and inside her underwear, which kept it snug against her skin. She could feel it poking her and wondered if it was visible from the outside.

"What have you been up to?" he asked, his voice cold. Carla ignored him at first, looking straight ahead. She'd wiped some sweat onto her jacket, but her hair was messed up.

She glared at him, unable to answer.

"Whatever it is you're doing, it won't work," he advised. He unlocked the cuffs again. "Time to get going."

He drove the SUV down the empty stadium concourse ahead until they reached the Press Room. He'd emptied the SUV of all weaponry and shattered several beer bottles, spreading the glass across the floor. Obviously, this was intended to alert him when someone attempted to rescue her and Anna. She watched him type on the computers, and test the sound system. At one point, he asked her, "Hear that?"

Other than the initial test signals, she heard nothing. It wasn't until he turned her face to view the ballpark and its surroundings that she saw legions of the undead approach en masse from the hills, slowly ambling toward them. He wanted to make sure she saw them. Carla was amazed and frightened by how many there were.

"High-pitched sound," he explained. "We can't hear it, but the crazies can. Like dogs. I hope your friends are ready for this. If they are, it will be a fun, ah, ballgame."

He'd kept the soundless pitch going, apparently from the huge speakers throughout the park, until the zombies crowded the fences and gates, pushing against them. Some of them found a way in. Carla watched in horror as he hit another switch. The classic organ started the song, and "Take Me Out to the Ball Game" blared through the park. The mob intensified their efforts, pushing their way through any open gates. Soon, they wandered the ball field, their ears attuned to the now-eerie song and the high-pitched signal.

They climbed the stairs, dragged themselves over seats, and more and more came. They made their way into the concourses and smaller halls, searching, yet unable to find the source of the alluring sound.

Cole lit a cigarette and smiled into Carla's smoldering eyes. "Aren't you excited, sugar lips?" he asked, though her mouth was taped. She didn't bat an eye when he exhaled a cloud of smoke into her face. "This is it. The final move, the nitty-gritty, as they used to say."

Carla fought to appear stoic. She wondered what the others were doing. Jack was probably frantic. She knew they'd come for her. She prayed it was soon. The longer they waited, the worse things would get. That's how it looked as the music blasted, and they kept coming.

Despite her growing anxiety, she was determined to win the staring game with Cole. She knew police psychology; undoubtedly, he was also well educated in behavioral science. They couldn't bullshit each other with psychology strategies. She wouldn't even give him the satisfaction of knowing she was about to pee her pants.

Then the look on Cole's face changed, and Carla saw what she hoped would never be there. A leering look of mad desire.

"I'm tired of talking to myself," he said. He reached forward and ripped the tape from her mouth, opening her fat lip again. Blood dripped down Carla's jaw. "I might let you clean yourself up a little," he said casually.

"How kind of you."

"Now, don't be like that. I'm keeping you alive, aren't I? I could toss you out there and be done with you just like that." He snapped his fingers. "As a matter of fact, I'm going to untie you. I'll need your shoes first, and to frisk you. You understand, I'm sure." He didn't wait for a response. It was simple to tie her shoes into a complicated knot that would take some work before she could use them again. He pulled her to a standing position and searched her, his hands lingering at her breasts and inner thighs and ignoring the pen stuck into the back of her underwear. Still Carla kept her wits and didn't break or react. Outwardly. Inside, her rage increased as she swore again she'd see him dead before the end of what she now believed would be a bloody battle on the horizon.

Cole waited just outside the bathroom, keeping the door open, watching her. She washed the blood from her face and blotted the wound with toilet paper. When she came out, he gave her a soda and a pretzel.

Carla downed the entire soda, unable to stop herself from drinking.

"Where's Anna?" she asked, wiping her mouth and chin.

"Safe. For now." He handed her another drink.

"They'll be here, you know," Carla whispered. "They're coming."

"Oh, I'm counting on it," he mimicked her soft voice. "I'm still undecided on what part I want Anna to play. But I have something big planned for all of you. Very, very big."

Carla hated the demented glint in his eyes. She knew she didn't have much to work with. For now, all she could do was try to buy more time. She set down her half-eaten pretzel. "Why don't you use me, instead of Anna?"

Cole smiled. "Oh, I intend to use you, Officer. To the very end. As for the girl, she serves a purpose. A damned worthy purpose."

Chapter Eighteen

If the road to Hell is paved with good intentions, then we were on the right track, thought Jack.

All of them were bone tired, and it was late. If they were going to stop a madman, then they needed their rest, figured Jack. They also needed to come up with a firm plan of attack. But first, they needed sleep. Which is why they found themselves in an abandoned motel not far from Dodger Stadium, in Echo Park.

Jack took the first watch, then his brother and Mike. In all, they were lucky to get a few hours between them, especially with Julie proving to be a real pain in the ass. Apparently, she didn't like being tied up and muzzled. Go figure.

"She's sleeping with the enemy," Mike said, dismissing her discomfort with a shrug, to which she tried to object strongly. "Tough shit," he added.

"True," Brice said, "But not anymore. Not for the time being, at least. Hell, she's from the beach. I bet she doesn't even know which way is north. She's not going to go running out into the night by herself. Not here." Julie now shook her head enthusiastically, eyes wide.

After some debate, they decided to let her loose under the condition she spoke as little as possible. She set about rubbing her hands. "Well!" was all she said.

The guys started talking about how to best enter the Stadium. And what they should expect. Jack was an avid Dodger fan, but Brice had been one for decades longer. He knew the most about the place.

"There's a powerful generator there," he advised. "The place could be lit up like a giant roman candle."

Getting in unnoticed was an assured impossibility. Joe and Mike were adamant they should at least scout the place out before 'driving into the field with guns blazing.'

"We aren't driving anywhere in that truck, unless we want to be heard from miles away," said Joe.

Mike shrugged. "I'll get us more suitable transportation."

* * *

They decided the best plan of attack was to park a fair distance out of sight, and walk the perimeter of the stadium to gather as much information as possible. This meant each guy carried as many weapons as possible and relied on radio communication once they separated. Mike and Joe volunteered to venture out to the Big 5 Sporting Goods nearby in order to procure enough ammo, radios, and whatever else they could carry with them.

The pair returned an hour later, out of breath.

"Sorry it took so long," said Joe, panting. But Mike was smiling. Joe added, "Big 5 was practically empty. It's been looted, stripped. No radios, no nothing. Not even socks or snacks."

Jack jabbed a thumb in Mike's direction. "Then why does he look like the Cheshire cat on ecstasy?"

"Because we found another place," Joe continued. "The police station. It's empty now. Man, they still have everything." Joe showed his brother the same kind of radios Carla carried. "We just have to change the frequency to limit to our own group. And you should see what Mike picked up."

Mike's grin broadened.

"You're gonna love this, Jack."

Jack didn't think he would love anything in this nightmare. But he followed Joe and Mike to the motel's parking lot.

The brand-new Cadillac Escalade was indeed a shocker. Beautiful, fully loaded. More importantly, the tires were huge. "It's a four-wheel drive," Mike smiled as they approached. "Found it with the keys inside. A little blood on the driver's seat, but that's all."

"Gasoline?"

"Full tank."

Jack shook my head, and allowed a weak smile to pull on the corners of his mouth. Maybe there was hope for them yet. They loaded the rest of their supplies. Finally ready, they woke up Brice and Julie, and were on their way. None of them knew what to expect, but Jack was certain of two things: he would get his daughter and Carla back. Then he would personally kill Cole, the agent in black.

Chapter Nineteen

Jack and the gang arrived at the great Dodger Stadium just before three-thirty in the morning.

An unusual number of zombies roamed the grounds. There were more than Jack had ever seen gathered before. They headed toward the ballpark, coming in droves from all directions as they filled up the huge parking lot. The fences were torn down in places; some of the gates stood open. Jack and his companions were astounded at the numbers of undead. How did they get here? And why? There was nothing here for them. No humans to feed them all, no prey. Yet there they were, wandering listlessly in the night.

Brice led the way to a fairly hidden spot to park close to Top Deck. "This will give us the easiest way out, whenever we need it," he explained. "We used it all the time with our season tickets, helped us escape the crowds."

"Human crowds," added Jared glumly.

"I don't know why they're here, but we can dodge them," said Jack. "We have to be quiet, stealthy. We'll check which gates are open, too." He handed out the radios, having already set them to a private frequency. Then he added flashlights and Sharpie pens. "Use the flashlights only in an emergency, and only after communicating that you're about to by radio. If anyone sees a flashlight without communication, we all come running. Got it?"

"What if he uses a flashlight?" Julie, of all people, asked.

"Good question. We'll all be outside the stadium," replied Jack. "If we see light inside, announce the location via radio. If Cole's outside, I guess that's a chance we're gonna have to take. Use your knives on the infected, and try not to get bit." Jack smiled at his wry joke that went ignored.

"Um, Jack? What are the Sharpies for?" Brice asked.

"Mark anything that could be of use to others. An open gate, any sign of recent human activity, anything your gut tells you. Write the location, the gate and aisle number and the time."

Jack was grateful that his brother and friends had military training. The plan seemed sound... solid. Joe took over the conversation. "We use the buddy system. Jared, you're with me. We'll start from the left. Jack, Brice, you two go the other way."

"And Mike and Julie?" Jack asked. He could tell Julie was dying to say something, but she kept quiet.

"She stays with me," Mike answered. "I'm going to check out the lower level. I'll make myself invisible. I want to see if I can locate him, or them. Julie, I will find you a safe place to stay." He faced her, eyeing her seriously. "I'm saying this in front of everyone. If you make unnecessary moves, or sounds, or try to run, I will kill you. I don't want to, but I can't have you screw this up for us. Do you understand me?"

"I-I understand," she said. "But don't leave me alone, please. I've never been here. I'm scared. You know how in the movies, they always split up, and it's always a mistake."

They collectively rolled their eyes.

"What is it that you really want to tell us, Julie?"

She looked at Jack, surprised, then nodded. "Cole has something... something big planned. I don't know what it is, but he said you'll be dead once it happens."

"No, you tell us what it is!" Mike demanded. "We don't have all fucking night, so make it quick!"

She cowered at the harshness in his voice.

"All I know is it's in a suitcase. A shiny silver suitcase."

Jack looked at his brother and Mike, and then Brice. They looked at him.

"There's no way he has one," Joe finally said.

"Has what?" asked Jared, stepping forward. "Tell us, please."

"A bomb," said Brice.

"A bomb?"

"And my guess, based on what we know about this asshole, is it's a thermonuclear warhead."

"How in the hell did he get his hands on one of those?" Jack asked.

"He's a high-ranking agent in a shadow program," Joe explained. "There's no telling what he has access to, or what force he's been authorized to use."

"Jesus," Jack whispered in dismay.

"And he's figured out a way to lure the local chapters of the undead."

"And, us, too," added Mike.

"Well, we have to get the girls and get the fuck out of here," said Jared, "Before...."

He didn't have to finish. They all knew what he meant.

Before Kingdom Come came to Dodger Stadium.

* * *

Jack gave the final briefing before exiting the truck.

"If we move quickly, we can make it around the perimeters within twenty minutes." He regarded Brice before going on. "Twenty-five max. If you're slow at halfway, then communicate that. It's three-oh-nine by my watch," Jack continued, "That should get us all back here, at the car, no later than three thirty-four. Any problems, we cover each other."

He took stock of the roaming mass of infected humanity. "Are we ready? Mike, you and Julie wait here in the car until we're well on our way." Jack looked everyone in the eye one last time. "Cut your way through them, run faster than them, and get back here safely. Let's go!"

They exited the car and stepped into the madness of mingling with zombies in the dead of night.

* * *

Moving through the undead was easier than expected. For reasons Jack couldn't fathom, the zombies' main focus seemed to be only on getting inside the ballpark. They killed the few that came after them, splitting their skulls with razor-sharp knives. But for the most part, it was easy going at first.

As they made their way down some exterior stairs, Brice and Jack took turns writing down which gates were open, where the zombies were heavily gathered. They figured they would make it back within the prescribed twenty-five minutes. So far, Brice kept up. If all went well, they'd meet Joe and Jared outside of center field.

They were just getting into the rhythm, near third base, when the stadium lights suddenly flashed on. Jack gasped in surprise and blinked to adjust his eyes to the brightness. He and Brice appeared stunned by how many of the undead were on the field, dragging themselves up the stairs. There were thousands of them.

"Holy mother of Christ," Brice whispered.

Jack's heart raced when he saw Carla, standing atop the SUV Cole had stolen. It was parked in center field. She wasn't tied up, and he thought he saw a knife in her hand. At least the fucker gave her a fighting chance. She was completely still, obviously not wanting to attract attention.

Jack and Brice barely had time to take it all in when the music started. The hair on Jack's neck prickled at the guitar riff of "Welcome to the Jungle" blasting from the speakers.

It brought back good memories, of how it was when fifty thousand Dodger fans would gather here. Jack recalled the goose bumps he felt years ago, every time "The Jungle" introduced the Dodger's closing pitcher, Eric Gagne.

Now, the music brought only horror, and was even more amplified. Axl Rose's voice screamed in that high-pitch of his, causing the infected to shudder. Then the frenzy began.

From atop the SUV, Carla turned slowly, watching the insanity. The music deafening, it drove the infected berserk.

"Mike!" Jack hollered into his radio. He couldn't hear anything, but prayed his brother's pal could hear him. "I see Carla! We're going in."

Brice was sweating. His grim expression said all Jack needed to know. He didn't think they'd survive.

"We use the rifles first," Jack told him. "Until we're in the midst of it. Then the 45's. Try to use a knife if you can."

Brice had been in Vietnam, he knew. But he wasn't sure whether that experience would help or hinder him, with all the chaos going on. They would both know in a moment. The pair burst through the gate and started shooting.

Chapter Twenty

Anna crouched in the closet corner, biding her time and planning how to kill the asshole named Cole.

The pillowcase still covered the top half of her body. The cloth made her feel as if she were suffocating. Still, she didn't dare move unless she heard something. Then maybe she could shift positions.

Cole had unceremoniously tossed her down and closed the door. Anna could tell that he had no idea she was coming back to her senses.

She had started to feel better in the car. Her memory was still hazy, yes, but she perceived she'd been left alone with Carla. Too frightened to speak, this was when she realized her thoughts were becoming clearer.

Ana didn't know where they were. But when the despicable agent had separated her from Carla, Anna had pretended she was still in a thoughtless, miserable state. For once in your life, keep your mouth shut, she kept repeating in her mind as he led her down an echo-y hallway and into a room. Anna smelled food. Her hunger and thirst were insatiable, yet at the same time her body seemed to be getting stronger and stronger.

She was, she knew, in phase two of the infection: massive strength, clear thoughts, hunger and thirst.

Anna wandered alone blind in the room, hands still tied behind her back. She soon discovered it was some kind of kitchen. She wished for water, prayed for water. But she now was at Cole's mercy, and had never felt more defenseless in her life.

It felt like days before he came back for her. When she heard his approach, she dropped to the floor as quietly as possible, hopefully close to where he had left her.

He opened the door cautiously. She wanted to kill him. But Anna was going to play this smart. She needed to learn where she was, what was happening outside the room. Anna made growling sounds, and fumbled her hands inside the pillowcase like she was still out of her mind. Admittedly, it felt nice to growl. So primal, natural, and very real.

"Anna?" he whispered. Anna's only response was to tilt her head in his direction. She could smell him... his sweat, blood, and meat. Her senses increasingly heightened, she watched his shadow through the cloth, but didn't let on that anything was visible.

The agent stepped away. He whistled for her like a dog. Fighting tears of rage, she found her feet and moved toward him, careful to keep her feet dragging on the floor as if she was completely zombified.

Cole led her down the echoing hall again, protecting her from what she sensed were other zombies. Finally, they entered a carpeted room. Anna instantly smelled Carla's presence. Carla cried out her name and rushed to her. Anna didn't dare change character. She was an actor, she told herself. And this had to be an Academy Award performance.

The asshole cackled. "Yes, go to her, Officer. Stay close for as long as you want. But be careful, you don't want the same fate as she has coming."

Indeed, Carla backed off before reaching her. The agent chuckled again. He busied himself cooking something in the microwave. Carla didn't come too near... her blood flow increased-Anna could sense Carla was very much afraid. Anna didn't blame her. Even so, Carla moved to Anna's back and carefully guided her to the floor. Anna made some gurgling sounds for his sake. All she could do at this point was listen and wait for an opportunity to strike. If she could figure out where they were and what was going on outside, she could plan accordingly.

Carla was a cop, Anna knew. She was tough. But she suspected Cole had far more training and experience. He was cold, so frigid. Anna could almost taste his heartless cunning and indifference to their predicament.

"I wonder what's taking them so long," he whispered to himself. "Let's get this fucking show on the road!"

What show is he talking about? Anna worried.

Cole snickered, as if he was privy to her thoughts.

Anna resolved to live. She felt strong, she felt invincible. And, at this still-early stage, she was still mostly human. She knew this, and fought to hold on to it.

Cole moved around the room; Anna heard the click of a lighter and soon smelled cigarette smoke. "I have a little more work to do," he said. Anna heard a door open. "Oh, and don't forget your girl here. You are chained now. She isn't. I'm sure she will hear you if you try to escape, or make too much noise. And I bet she's ravenously hungry. Oh, and you are going to have a choice to make. Soon."

"What choice?" asked Carla

"Never mind for now.... I'll be back."

Anna listened to the door open and shut, followed by a key setting the lock. Hunger raged as she tried to focus on his footsteps quickly fading away.

Chapter Twenty-one

Anna and Carla were alone together at last. Anna could sense Carla's tension, her anxiety. She understood that Carla had no idea what condition Anna was in. Anna could feel Carla watching her, could sense Carla's emotions. Anna was hungry now, yes. Hungrier than she had ever been in her life. But she clung to her fading humanity

"Carla?"

Silence pervaded the room.

"Carla, are you there?" Anna knew she was, but asked anyway.

"Anna? Are you... are you okay, honey?"

"I don't know how long that fucker will be gone," Anna struggled to hang on. Fight the cravings! She heard the anger in the voice. The hate. "But I'm here. I'm strong. And I want to live."

"Oh, my God," Carla's voice was one of relief. "You're back. You're... fighting it, aren't you?" Doubt mingled with hope.

"He doesn't know," said Anna "I started to come around in the car. Sorry... I didn't know if I could talk to you or not. It's hard to explain."

"It's okay, Anna. Your dad and uncle, and everyone else will come. And, I'm not done with that bastard yet."

"Neither am I," Anna said, evenly. "But I really need some water." She swallowed, hard, forcing the saliva down. "First thing's first, though. He mustn't know that I'm changed. I'm strong now.... He's going to use you somehow, Carla. He gave you some kind of choice. I'm stronger than you, so let him use me! I can do it, whatever it is... and keep him off of you."

"No, I can't allow you to do that," said Carla, firmly. "I'll figure out how to buy us more time."

"But what are we facing out there?" Anna asked. "Where are we?!" She began to panic, but controlled herself, breathing deeply.

Fight it, Anna. Fight it.

* * *

Cole retrieved the suitcase from the SUV. A suitcase nuke. Or, more accurately, a nuclear warhead housed within a steel case lined with protective padding in case of radiation.

Like that's going to matter soon, he thought, while wheeling the case carefully in front of him.

Only 60 pounds, but it packed a wallop. The explosion would be about half what it was at Hiroshima, or 6 megatons. And it didn't take much to set this baby off either. A coded detonator, and a small explosion that literally rammed the two uranium tubes together.

And that'd be all she wrote for this nightmare. At least in L.A.

He was doing his job. Nothing more, nothing less. Just as others like him, around the world, were doing their jobs, too. To contain this nightmare. To save this sorry world from itself. And if he could take out the two Carter boys with the crazies, well, all the better. And if he could actually watch them suffer, too, even better still.

He had a little plan for that. A plan with front row seats to watch them suffer.

The arrogant pricks.

For now, though, he searched for the perfect spot for the bomb, until he sheepishly realized it wouldn't really matter where he put it. The stadium would be gone whether he threw it in the bathroom or shoved it under a seat.

Still, he needed it out of the way and to keep it dry. Mostly, he needed to keep it safe from prying eyes.

And from the crazies.

* * *

Hours passed.

Cole returned, and seemed pleased with himself. Carla ignored the asshole as best she could, while trying not to give away the fact that Anna was, in fact, quite coherent. Carla also knew Anna's coherency would last only for so long, before she devolved into a....

She couldn't think about, and so she refused to.

Cole left again, keeping Carla chained. She felt so tired and began to fall asleep. Exhaustion became to hard to resist.

* * *

Anna crouched in the corner. Waiting.

Staying still was agony. She held the pen that Carla had told her about, a pen she had fished from Carla's jeans, which had been a challenge since both of their hands were either cuffed or tied. But she had gotten it, and now she held the ballpoint pen tightly in the palm of her hand, thinking of all the places that were vulnerable on Cole's body. She knew what she would do, but she had to wait for the right moment.

Think of something else....

Anna distracted herself by running through all of the constellations in her mind. First alphabetically, then chronologically. She fought her urge to get up, get out. She felt wonderfully powerful, and had never struggled so hard in her life to remain calm. She pictured her father, and remembered Jared. They were good men. She allowed herself to think of Jared... naked.

Anna had carefully loosened the knot that held the pillowcase around her, a short while earlier. Then, she made herself wait. Patience wasn't her strongest virtue, and she reminded herself repeatedly what was at stake. Her life. Her father's. Jared's. Her uncle, Mike and Carla. She had to wait until the perfect moment.

She was in the middle of naming the stars in Latin when Cole suddenly returned.

Carla awoke with a slight moan.

"The time has come," he announced.

"What time?" asked Carla, disoriented for a moment. Then Anna heard her jerking herself upright.

"You have a choice. Are you my girl?"

"What the hell does that mean?" asked, Carla, sounding confused.

"Choose, or I will choose for you."

"What are you planning, asshole?"

He laughed. "That's the fun of it. You'll find out soon enough."

"Okay... I'm your girl," Carla affirmed. "Take me, do what you will. But you're not going to win."

Anna heard him take her cuffs off the file cabinet, then snap them on again, likely behind Carla's back. She didn't hear anything more except the door opening and then locking from the outside.

Chapter Twenty-two

Mike froze when the stadium lights turned on.

Julie cried out in surprise when the music roared. He thought he might've heard both Jack and Joe shout over the radio, but the radio's light dimmed by the time he noticed it. Neither one responded to his calls.

The wild rock music had a huge effect on the zombies. They had been fairly quiet, but now the noise and thudding drums and bass made them enraged. Julie clung to Mike, terrified.

He had to use a few bullets to get a few of the fuckers out of the way to get to the top edge of the stairs leading down to the field.

He was surprised by what he saw: Carla on top of the SUV, as bait. Jack and Brice were running toward her from left field, and Joe and Jared from the right. All of them were fighting their way through the incited undead.

They were out of time. Previous plans down the drain.

Julie wailed and hid behind him.

Mike turned around and snapped, "Get a hold of yourself, bitch. Now! Or die! Those are the only choices!"

She looked stunned by his harshness. "What are we going to do?" she whimpered.

"We? You're going to prove yourself to all of us. We saved your ass, and now it's payback time."

"What-"

He handed her the keys to the Escalade. "Go back. Get all the rifles you can carry. Fill your backpack with guns. You'll need this." He gave her a pistol. "Can you shoot?"

"A little, but I can't...."

Mike shook her hard. "Yes, you can. And you will, by God, or those assholes out there will eat you alive. You got that?"

Julie looked around her, eyes wild with fear.

Mike gave her one last look while checking the guns he carried, taking in the chaos below. "Choice is yours," he shouted back at her, as he began his descent. "I'm going into the fray! Get moving, Julie-Help us!"

He didn't say anything else to her. If she didn't act, she'd soon be dead, or one of them.

Mike dashed down the stairs toward the field. He heard her scream behind him, and smiled when he heard a gun shot and Julie cussing up a storm behind him. There was still hope.

* * *

Cole was a bastard for sure.

He had blindfolded Carla, cuffed her hands, and forced her back into the SUV. Where they were going, she hadn't a clue, and Cole wasn't talking. Apparently, the smug chitchat was over.

When he stopped the vehicle, he removed the cuffs and brought her hands around to her waist and cuffed them again. Then he told her where to find a weapon. The driver door opened, shut, and she assumed he took off. Meanwhile, murmurs from the undead resounded from someplace nearby. She ripped off the blindfold and tumbled through the vehicle, heading straight to the glove box and removed a knife.

That's when the lights turned on, and she found herself in centerfield of Dodger Stadium.

Surrounded by the restless undead.

She thought about staying put inside the cab. But then if Jack and the others came to rescue her and Anna, they might not see her. A better option presented itself, and while holding the knife in her mouth, she fumbled for the doorknob with her cuffed hands, got the door open, and scrambled onto the SUV's roof.

Debating on whether to get down and run, or stand her ground and fight, she was surprised and felt her heart rise when Jack burst onto the field followed by Brice. Jack fired his way through the wretched things on his way to her. Meanwhile, out of the corner of her eye, she glimpsed Joe and Jared advancing from the other side. Carla uttered a cry of relief and jumped down onto the hood where she could use her knife.

When the zombies noticed her, she was forced to defend herself with the knife, praying that her rescuers would get there soon....

* * *

Cole returned, panting slightly.

Anna listened as he walked to what seemed like a desk. Something clicked, and intense light filled the room, hurting her eyes through the pillowcase.

She dared not look up. That is, until the rock song started. An oldie Anna was familiar with, she now understood that she was in the stadium's control room. She carefully lifted her head up toward the light's source and stood.

In turn, the agent in black reacted. She heard Cole jerk around, and her heightened senses picked up his fear. Because of the light, she saw his shadowed form tiptoe away from her.

He's afraid of me? Good.

Anna smiled. She wasn't afraid, and a menacing snarl escaped her throat. She wasn't faking it now. The guttural response came readily. Her head hung down, but it allowed her to make out a little of the room's layout.

If Cole had realized she was picking information, she assumed he would've bolted for the door. But he didn't, and that was a mistake. He receded into a corner, perhaps thinking he'd have the advantage. She heard his gun click. But Anna knew Cole was reluctant to kill her yet because he needed her for a hostage. He pushed open the closet door to his left a little... perhaps to confine her again.

"Come on, little girl. This way... that's it. You can do it."

Anna could feel her face flush with anger. Her growl this time was deeper, and she moved stealthily toward him. With predatory intent.

The hunter was about to become the prey. She let him steer her toward the closet door, coaxing her with his stupid words. Anna's heart raced from the surge of adrenaline. He gave her a slight shove to move inside his trap.

That was it.

In one smooth motion, Anna broke through the last of the cords binding her and ripped off the pillowcase from her head. She turned and faced the startled agent.

But Cole didn't miss a beat. He took a swing that would have knocked her across the room hours ago. Not now. The new Anna was stronger and faster, ducking under his arm and fist in a fluid movement. She swooped behind him, crawling like a demon child, and stabbed the pen into the soft flesh at the back of his knee. He cried out in pain as she thrust it through to his kneecap and twisted hard. She gave one more twist and half the pen broke off, leaving the other half embedded inside.

He fell to his other knee, wild with pain and gasping. She spun around and kicked the gun out of his hand. A wild shot blasted into a wall. Anna viciously kicked him in the nuts, and then flung him into the closet. Slamming the door closed, she grabbed a chair and shoved it under the door handle.

Wasting no time, she gathered his gun and most of the others, stuffing handguns into her pockets and carrying an armload of rifles.

The blasting music brought waves of energy that flowed through her, as she realized it was also doing the same thing to the mass of undead gathered in the stadium. She left the outer door open, hoping they would come for him, the man screaming in the closet. Then Anna Carter raced through the hall and down the stairs, to join the biggest battle of her life.

Chapter Twenty-three

Blood, bone and grey matter covered the bright green grass field as the five men fought their way closer to Carla.

Joe and Jared paired up back to back, Jared fighting off the oncoming undead as Joe cleared the way to Carla. By now, Jack had seen them, along with Mike, slaughtering his way from home base.

Joe was the closest though, and he could see Carla had been roughed up. She was barely recognizable, covered from head to toe with blood and sweat. He shouted to her. She turned to him and he tossed her a handgun. He overthrew a little high but she jumped to catch it, and then emptied it in seconds into the nearest pair of zombies trying to climb onto the truck's hood. But it bought enough time to bring Joe and Jared closer. When they reached her, Joe gave her his last gun. Carla jumped off the car, fighting for her life, for their lives, too.

Soon, all six of them fired with their backs to the SUV. When the guns were emptied, they used their knives. And the zombies kept coming, drawn by the smell of fresh blood and driven by the blasting music, which looped over and over. The living humans were at the end of their ropes, exhausted, fighting, and killing one mindless fiend after another.

"Look!" Jared hollered, and pointed.

Tearing into the field came the Escalade, with Julie behind the wheel. She hauled ass to reach them. Mike smiled, perhaps at the thought she had decided she couldn't carry all the weapons Mike ordered her to and she had made the executive-and smart-decision to bring everything to them.

But Julie looked terrified. She wouldn't open her door until the rest rallied to the back and opened the trunk. Mike jumped in and threw out weapons, whatever he came upon first. The group caught them and renewed their attack.

* * *

Of course, Jared spotted Anna first.

She was wielding a baseball bat at any crazy that dared to approach. Anna was strong now, Jared could tell. She battled with fury and strength he'd never seen in her before. She fought off the closest enemies and arched her body into the battle, eager for more. Jared saw that she had some ammunition of her own laid out; where she had obtained it didn't matter. He was sorely impressed.

But Jared also detected the redness within her eyes, and in an instant understood everything going on with her. She was changing, fighting both emotionally and physically. Surely she was at war within, having the zombie urges and yet fighting for the human side of things. How strong his girlfriend was to fight off the physical and mental illness that pervaded her body and changed her to a super-strength zombie. He admired and loved her all the more.

"Anna!" he roared, and pointed to her so the others would also notice her.

Anna managed to create a space for them to run to near one of the dugouts. She cleared the way, swinging left and right, lopping off zombie heads as she swung. Everyone moved toward her and toward the dugout. Julie jumped out of the car and found Mike, and from then on remained by his side.

Once inside the dugout, they fled deeper through an underground hallway. Anna tore some lockers free, and with help moved them to the entrance, blocking off their enemies.

* * *

Cole heaved a shoulder into the locked closet door for at least the fifteenth time. Finally, it crashed open.

He limped to the window, the pain in his kneecap excruciating. As his fingers dug unsuccessfully at the broken-off pen embedded in the back of his knee, he groaned and watched them come together as a unified and organized force. His rage at the sight of Julie coming to their aid added to his growing insanity. I should have killed that bitch!

The girl had taken most of his ammunition. But not all. His gaze fell onto his bag of tricks, and his face transformed into something evil. Hell, he felt evil. Enraged. Bloodthirsty.

The motherfuckers are gonna pay!

Cole turned his back on the view and dragged himself to a nearby desk. He opened the drawers. Nothing. He moved from that desk to another, finding a pair of scissors. You can do this, he told himself. He grabbed a stack of paper from one of the printers, rolled it up. He would need to clench down on something. The Press Room had a bar; he moved slowly to it and reached for a bottle of whiskey, opened it and drank deeply. Then he reached around to the wound at the back of his knee, found the open gouge. He dug the scissors around the broken pen and waited for the nausea to pass. Clenching the paper in his mouth as hard as he could, he caught the pen with the scissors' tip and pulled.

* * *

When Cole came back to consciousness, he wasn't sure how long he had been out. Yes, the pain was still there, but lessened a great deal with that pen fragment out. Still, he couldn't bear weight on his leg. And blood continued to pour from the wound. He shoved a wad of tissues in the hole, crying out as he did so.

He fashioned a makeshift crutch out of a mop from the closet. He envisioned snapping Julie's neck, and would've gladly done so if she'd been there with him. He never dreamed she had it in her to betray him, and come to their aid.

But for Cole there was always a Plan B. He drew his backpack close, and checked the contents inside. He eased himself carefully into the chair and waited patiently for the smoke to clear and dust to settle outside.

Chapter Twenty-four

Jack smiled broader than he thought he could, proud of the damage the group had done. They had killed literally hundreds of the undead. If only the music would stop, they might wander off. Who knew that hard rock and roll could raise the undead like this?

"Never thought I'd get sick of that song." said Brice. "I'll never think of Eric Gagne the same way again."

Everyone stood together in the shadows of the dugout, watching the vile creatures roam above them, insane with anger and a hunger that would never be satiated. Jack wondered how far along his daughter was in the zombie transformation process. But she hadn't turned completely, not yet. There was time, and he could almost feel her fighting the rabid rage within.

Try as he might, he couldn't help thinking about the water cure, or more accurately, the drowning cure.

"I'd say let's just get the hell out of here," he told Joe and Mike, as they stepped together toward the dugout entrance. "But we still have something to take care of."

His brother nodded. "Someone, you mean." He stepped forward a little more and pointed up to the Press Room. "Bet your ass he's up there, planning something more."

"We don't know if he's still in there."

"Oh, he's not going anywhere." Anna's voice was dark. "I don't think he can walk."

"Jesus... what did you do?"

"I stabbed him in the back of the knee, with a pen."

"I think I underestimated your grit, kid."

Anna didn't grin. Instead her red eyes flared. "Well, don't. Not ever again."

Jack shuddered at the sight of his daughter literally turning before him, then gritted his teeth. "Okay. Let's get this done."

"What's the plan?" Joe asked.

"I'm going up to the Press Box. Alone."

* * *

Anna wasn't thinking straight. Her mind was clouded, muddled. Her mouth was on fire. She was so thirsty and so hungry. So damned hungry!

As she watched her father leave the dugout and begin crossing the field, it suddenly occurred to her-too late-that there was a side stairway, through the dugout, up to the Press Box. It was how she had reached the field and ambushed the infected.

"Daddy, wait!" she yelled.

But too late. The first explosion rocked the stadium.

* * *

The weapon was no bigger than a machine gun. In fact, it kind of looked like an AK-47. In reality, it was a grenade launcher, and Cole had removed it from his bag of tricks.

He had already shot out the Press Room windows and was now perched there, with the grenade launcher on his shoulder, when he sighted one of the Carter boys exiting the dugout. He didn't care which one.

He took careful aim and pulled the trigger.

The explosion was deafening. Beautifully deafening. He watched the Carter boy fly off his feet, hurled back in a rain of grass and dirty and zombie parts.

Now there was the little girl running, the girl who would soon be a crazy.

Cole grinned and pulled the trigger.

* * *

"Daddy!" screamed Anna.

The explosion had knocked all of them off their feet. Worst off was Jack, who had been blown back a dozen or so feet. Anna, perhaps due to her enhanced strength and speed, was already on her feet and moving.

She didn't see the third one land just twenty feet to her right, but heard it. Then she saw her Uncle Joe running after her. He was closing in on Anna. She would think later that maybe he knew he only had a few seconds to stop her... to live. Anna halted momentarily, terrified by her father's inert form, when Joe leaped on top of her from behind, knocking her to the ground.

He turned her face away and covered her protectively with his body. The look of fierce love in his eyes told her one last time how he felt about her... his beloved niece.

Chapter Twenty-five

Carla rolled Jack over.

"Jack!" she shouted.

At first, he didn't respond, and when he saw her in a daze, he couldn't respond. Her lips were moving, but he couldn't hear anything as his eardrums were still vibrating from the grenade's explosion. She was desperately trying to get him up. He was disoriented.

"Anna..." Jack couldn't hear his own words, but Carla pointed. His eyes followed. Jared was there, helping his hysterical daughter to stand up. He was trying to drag her back to the dugout. They were both crying.

Carla didn't give him any more time to look. He hadn't yet recognized his brother's body, nobody would have.

Jack forced himself to stand up. Carla threw his arm around her shoulder and hurriedly carried him back to cover.

* * *

During all the turmoil, nobody noticed Brice slipping away. Fully armed, he made his way up the aisle stairs, crouching low, concentrating on being invisible. In the hallway, he found the main stairs to the next level up... to where the asshole was hiding. Anger fueled him, and Brice took out his wrath on the mindless Zombies foolish enough to get in his way.

The constant song blasting drove him nuts. This ends now. Brice had thought his fighting days were over a long time ago, but the act of killing was like riding a bicycle. He turned on the war rage in his brain like a light-switch.

He heard the second and third explosions, but didn't stop or falter. He couldn't change whatever had just happened down below. All he could do was put an end to it.

He reached the second level, the Press Room right in front of him, and the door on the right not far away. He headed for it but suddenly stopped. From the far side, to his left, drifted the smoke of a cigarette.

* * *

Cole was actually savoring the pandemonium and the cigarette, his ego as high as it had ever been in his life. He had created this entertaining scenario, and despite the pain in his leg, was bound and determined to enjoy this orchestrated pandemonium, complete with loud music, mindless crazies, killing, and things blowing up.

He checked the time. He had about an hour to get as far away from here as possible. Before the real explosion occurred.

He would, of course, need another vehicle. After all, the SUV he arrived in had a little surprise in it.

As he took another puff, he felt a series of sharp stabs in the back of his head. Something had gone terribly wrong, and the sudden change of plans became clear as he glimpsed blood and brain matter dousing his cigarette. Then everything went black... forever.

* * *

Only Carla saw him fall. She hadn't noticed him up near the Press Box window, as all her attention had been on getting everyone to safety. She glanced up in time to see Cole's head blow apart and then his taking a swan dive into the seats below.

By the time she had aided Jack in sitting down, with Anna cuddled next to him, the insufferable Jungle song abruptly stopped. The silence that followed surprised them all. The confused mass of zombies grew docile, as if not knowing what to do. Sweet silence was the trump card the group needed.

Always the cop keeping track, Carla quickly counted persons present. Including Julie, there should have been eight. Joe was gone, and she pushed that incident from her mind. There were only six. Who was missing...

"Where's Brice?" she asked.

Everyone looked around, shaking their heads.

"He was here, right here...," the rest of the group murmured.

Meanwhile, Carla put two and two together. "He's the one," she said out loud.

"What?" Jared asked. "He's the one who what?"

Carla didn't answer, as Jack was sitting up.

"Where's Joe?" he asked, worriedly.

The man she had come to love was a mess, bleeding from several significant wounds and covered in the blood of others... the blood of the infected.

"Jack... I'm sorry," she said, compassionately.

He looked at her wearing a look of disbelief, and a tense, quiet moment passed between them. She didn't have to say anything, at least not right then. He knew.

"My daughter?" Jack asked, laying back in the grass.

"Anna's alive."

"And Cole?"

"Dead," said Carla. "Brice killed him. I saw Cole's headless corpse fall from the Press Room's window."

Jack nodded painfully. Then he tried to stand, but she wouldn't let him.

"You must rest, Jack."

"We're surrounded by zombies," Jack said. "There is no rest. Besides...."

"Besides what?"

"We have a nuclear bomb to find."

"You think he hid it here?" she asked, alarm seeping through her calm tone.

"Yeah... yeah, I do. I know he hid it here. It's why he led as many infected L.A. victims as he could to this place. It's why he led us here, too."

"Where in the hell do you think he put it, Jack? The stadium is huge."

They both turned to look out into the baseball field. The SUV, parked in the center of the stadium. Hell, parked on second base.

"Mike and Jared," Jack said. "Cover us."

* * *

Jack and Carla found it.

A shiny suitcase covered in blankets. They had the back hatch open as zombie after zombie fell nearby. Their friends would keep them safe, as long as the flow of bullets picking off the enemy held up.

"Please tell me you know how to dismantle a nuclear bomb," she said, worriedly.

"No, I don't," he confessed. "But I know how to dismantle a standard detonator."

It was obvious that what they were looking at was the equivalent of a "dirty bomb." And this dirty bomb, he saw, was detonated with C-4. It also had a countdown on it.

A countdown that was activated.

They weren't down to their last few seconds, not like in the movies. Except he knew the boys and Julie only had so many bullets and the undead were swarming. Not to mention, a stray bullet could heat the bridge wire just enough to set it off.

Normally, a device like this would be armed with numerous safeguards and would also require and sustainable energy source to carry through the activation. Wiring it like Cole had done, which seemed far too amateurish than what he had anticipated, made the situation so much more volatile.

"As you can see, Cole hooked up a motorcycle battery that's hotwired to the bridge wire-totally insane to do this," Jack advised. "But, knowing who we're dealing with explains a lot. Bottom line? It's gonna be a guessing game as to which wire is bringing the heat to the bridge wire, and if we run out of ammo from the dugout, our zombie pals could inadvertently trip the sensors and it could bypass the timer."

"And we would all go Kaboom?" she surmised.

"Yes, Kaboom for us and the whole damned metropolitan area," advised Jack, glumly. "So, it's gonna be eenie-meenie-miney-mo. Okay?"

Carla hesitated before answering, and Jack waited patiently. After all, the fate of possibly millions hung in the balance.

"Okay." She released a low sigh while nodding for him to pick the right wire to cut.

Jack turned his eyes heavenward and offered a prayer for guidance. Then he picked the one wire he figured a brilliant nutcase like Cole would go for, and snipped it.

Click.

Chapter Twenty-six

Hi, Jack Carter here.

It's been a couple of months since we left Dodger Stadium for the last time. Things are different now. I smile when I see an elephant in the hills, clearing out underbrush and bringing up a mouthful of vegetation with her trunk. I think of elephants as our fire marshals. Before the next dry season comes, we'll need to sink a water tank and keep it filled for the zoo animals that have made the hills in L.A. their home.

Aside from the occasional Sumatran tiger sighting, things have settled down a little, although we are still adapting to a new life of self-preservation and protection.

When it came down to it, I didn't have the courage to cure my daughter. Sorrow filled my heart from losing my brother, and I laid in bed while Carla and Mike did what was necessary for the water cure. Brice and Jared had stayed with me during the process.

It had to have been horrible for my daughter. She showed more courage than anyone I'd ever seen, fighting for both her own life and sanity. She made it through the ordeal-the water cure as she called it-and today, I can see that she is full of joy, eager to face the new world we are all becoming accustomed to. My Anna shines now. She shines at the clear days, and the rain, and the stars, and especially, at Jared. He returns her gaze with an easy smile, a protectiveness that I'm coming to trust.

There is still hope, too. We have used the observatory computers and labs sparingly, and the place is generator powered, for now. And we've come in contact with others who are beating this, just as we are. Perhaps in time, and maybe with Mike's skills as a trained pilot, we can connect with them.

Maybe we should have let the nuke go off. Maybe it would have slowed the spread of the infection. Or not. But we made a judgment call. A call to live. A call to fight.

We spend our time mostly divided between the observatory and the Los Feliz home, although Brice and I venture to the zoo every day to care for the animals who still take refuge there, too afraid to leave their only home. Brice loves the animals, and now I understand why he has spent the last three decades providing for those in need. Sometimes, we hear a wildcat at night-most have probably moved up into the local mountains, but not all. We still carry arms whenever we venture out, especially up at the Hill, or as we have come to call it, Zombie Mountain.

I know Anna is hoping for new wildlife. She watches and waits to hear the meowing or young growl of a litter and has made gentle friends of the meerkats, who seem to like peering at us from around the observatory grounds and come close to her when she chirps at them.

Almost every night, the house in Los Feliz is full. Carla has moved in, as has Mike, Jared and Brice. Carla and Anna team up together, against us men. They monopolize the bathroom with their female grooming sessions and occasional laughter and girl talk. But it's all right. Something normal, and we cling to those last vestiges of normalcy in this violent, crazy world.

Carla and I still keep our security beats, roaming the zoo and observatory for miscreants, and of course, for the infected that remain quite numerous. They may not ever go away. But we have each other, which is enough for now.

Much of my free time is spent gardening now, preparing for a spring planting. After all, we need food, good fresh food, and a lot of it to keep us healthy and strong.

Carla has surprised me with her knowledge of growing crops. We brought a bulldozer up to the observatory. We dug up the grounds, and with her direction, we spread out fertilizer to ready the ground for planting. The rainy season helped, and when the sun goes down over the neatly planted rows, I feel a sense of accomplishment. Like we are starting something important... something good. Not exactly the Garden of Eden, to be sure, but we are making it up as we go along, what we all want it to be.

Along with the game hunting Mike and Jared have taken on, this will sustain us as a group, I do believe.

And would you believe that Julie is Mike's girl now? They bicker like an old married couple, and then hold hands. In late afternoons they often take long walks with a blanket, a picnic basket, along with guns and ammo.

At the moment, I'm watching Jared pitch a baseball for Anna to hit, in a park near the observatory. She strikes out a lot, but never gives up swinging at every ball. She's a fighter and so is he. They are close, and perfect for each other.

Not far from here lies the grave of my brother. I can see the fresh flowers from where I'm sitting, that Carla, Anna, Jared and I brought out here yesterday. Sometimes, I forget he's not here, and find myself talking to him. I like to believe he hears me, and the gratitude I will always hold in my heart toward him. I will never forget that he gave his life for Anna's. Never.

Well, Carla is calling me from the cop radio she still insists on using. Dinner is almost ready. It's her turn to cook tonight; roasted wild pig and a salad of wild greens. My birthday dinner. I better gather the kids and let them know it's time to go.

Besides, it looks like fog is beginning to creep up the hill.

The End

