Chapter 1

April 7, 1862		

     The Battle of Shiloh was over fifteen-year-old Zack Parsons, a Confederate Cavalryman, now a prisoner of war, stood in awe as looked out over the sea of bodies lying dead on the battlefield. The sight nauseated him and yet fascinated him at the same time. He and his fellow prisoners of war were about to begin burial detail and Zack was praying to God that he wouldn’t find the body of his older brother, Henry, as they carried shovels and slowly walked out into the sea of bodies to begin their gruesome work. He walked to the first body he came to and began digging. The day was long, the work was hard and Zack would have thrown up while doing his job, but he was so hungry that he had nothing to vomit, he could only gag. By the end of the day, his sides were sore from the dry heaves.
     All of the prisoners were asleep that night as well as most of the Union Guards, but Zack lay awake thinking of escape. His home was just a few miles away near Pebble Hill. Since he wore no shackles or chains, he laid there for a few minutes listening for any sounds of the guards and then slowly sat up and looked around making sure that no one could see him. He carefully made his way to the bushes as if he were going to urinate and when he was sure that it was safe, took off running as fast as he could through the countryside. He ran until daybreak and then hid the rest of the day waiting until sundown before he continued on his journey home to the family farm. 
     It was well after dark before he made it home. He slowly walked up to the house where the family dogs rushed out to greet him. The dogs were not alarmed by his presence and only barked a couple of times. He stepped up on the porch and opened the door to find Mama, Daddy and his three younger siblings sitting at the table eating their dinner.
	Mama rushed over to hug her son with a look of relief on her face. “Thank God, you’re alive,” she exclaimed as she held him in a tight embrace. The three children also rushed over to hug their brother. Daddy got up from the table and watched them for a moment.
	“The damned Yankees are everywhere, son,” he told Zack. “Mama will get you somethin’ to eat and then we’d better get you hid.” Just then, the dogs outside began barking and the family could hear the sounds of a couple of horses galloping up to the house. 	“Get somewhere and hide!”
	Zack rushed to the kids’ bedroom and Daddy stepped outside on the porch where he could see two Yankee soldiers. They pulled their horses to a stop in front of the porch. 
	“What do ya’ll want here?” he asked them.
	“We’re looking for food, sir,” the sergeant answered. “The battalion is up the road a ways and we’re in dire need of something to eat up there.”
	“I’ve barely got enough food to feed my family,” Daddy told them.
	The sergeant nodded, but he did not believe him. He turned to the private that was with him. “Go check in the barn for any animals we can take.”
	The private got down from his horse and started walking toward the barn, but stopped in his tracks when he heard a hog grunt from under the house. “There’s pigs under the house!”
	The sergeant looked over at Daddy. “Now, that’s a good idea right there.”
	“Those pigs are for my family to eat, not you sons of bitches,” Daddy told him. 
	The private found the opening and moved the boards that held the pigs under the house out of the way. “I’ll crawl up under here and run ‘em out.”
	The Sergeant quickly got down from his horse and pulled his revolver pointing it at Daddy. “Don’t you move old man or I’ll kill you,” he threatened. 
	Daddy did not say anything back to the sergeant. He stood on the porch as still as a statue watching something moving in the darkness. It was Henry coming up from the barn. He crept up behind the sergeant silently, lifted the axe he was carrying over his head and with one vicious blow, split the Yankee sergeant’s head open. He then rushed over to the opening that the private crawled through to get under the house. 
	Suddenly, a pig squealed from under the house. “I got us one,” the private shouted. Henry and Daddy could hear the man wrestling with the pig trying to pull him to the opening. Henry got his axe ready to swing as the man started  to crawl out the opening and swung it hard. Like the sergeant before him, the force of the blow killed him instantly as his blood and brains spilled out onto the ground. 	
	“You boys gotta get the hell outta here,” Daddy told Henry. They're gonna come lookin' for these men!”
	Henry reached down and grabbed the dead private by the collar. He began dragging him to the spot where the dead sergeant lay. “First, we gotta get these bastards in the ground.”
	Daddy nodded his head in agreement and then ran up on the porch and opened the front door. “Zack, get out here and help us!” Zack and the rest of the family rushed out of the house to see what was going on. “Help your brother drag them bastards out somewhere behind the barn and bury ‘em” He then turned to the rest of the family. “Get two good horses and tie feed sacks around their hooves so they can’t be tracked. Zack and Henry are leavin’ tonight for Texas!” Everyone rushed to do as they were told.
	It was in the middle of the night when Henry and Zack were riding down a wooded trail. The younger brother did not like the idea of deserting and running away to Texas. “I wonder why Daddy is so hell bent on us goin’ to Texas?” he asked his brother.
	“We got family there,” Henry answered. “He told me where to find ‘em.”	
	“Hell, I ain't goin' to Texas,” Zack said suddenly. 
	“You danged sure will!”
	Zack pulled his horse to a stop. “My life is here in Tennessee and I ain't leavin' while there's a war goin' on!” He suddenly spun his horse around and ran away leaving Henry there alone. Henry sighed, shook his head, and then rode on.





























Chapter 2

May, 1865
	
	Now, with the war over, Zack was an eighteen-year-old sergeant was riding his horse through the war torn countryside of Tennessee on his way home to see what was left of the family farm. He had not heard from any of the family since that horrible night that he and Henry left home, but then, why would he? The family had no idea where he had gone. Even if it were possible they had known that he did not go to Texas with Henry, they still would not have the slightest idea of where he was.
	Zack had been riding for days making his way home. He felt defeated, but he knew in his heart that they had given the Yankees a hell of a fight. He wanted to put the war behind him now and live the rest of his life in peace, but he wondered how that would be possible. He had grown used to the horrors of war in the past few years and the ghosts of the dead men that he killed in battle haunted him at night. 
	Zack knew the situation was bad when he rode up to the old family homestead and saw that the house had been burned to the ground. He sat there on his horse looking unemotionally at the charred remains of his home when he noticed what appeared to be graves a hundred feet or so where the house once stood. He rode over close enough to see the names carved on the wooden crosses. His Mama, Daddy and one of his younger brothers were buried there. He bowed his head and said a short prayer then he turned his horse and slowly rode away.
	Zack was riding along through the hills toward the town of Pebble Hill when something hard and heavy hit in the back of the head knocking him off his horse. He slowly sat up on the ground and checked for blood with his fingers. A man walked out of the brush carrying a shotgun, walked right past him and caught his horse. “I’d like to thank you for the mount,” he said as he caught the animal. “You’ve got a smart horse that don’t run off when you try to catch him.”
	You ain’t gonna take my horse,” Zack protested and started to get up, but the man turned around pointing the shotgun at him.
	“Who’s gonna stop me, Johnny Reb?” the man asked and then suddenly laughed. “Hell, I know that the Yankees took all of ya’ll’s guns after the surrender before they let you come home.”
	Zack sat back down on the ground rubbing his head with his fingers. “What the hell did you hit me with?”
	“Just a rock,” the man smiled and then turned and started to pet the horse’s neck. “Whoa, boy, I’m just gonna take a little ride on you.”
	“Mister, I’m askin’ you please not to take my horse,” Zack pleaded while still sitting on the ground. My farm is just down the road a piece and the Yankees have burnt up my house and what’s left of my family is missin’.”
	The man got on the horse and looked down at Zack with a slight smile on his face. “Hell, everybody’s got their problems, don’t they?” He turned the horse and started to ride away. Zack sat there watching him and then began unbuttoning his coat. He reached inside and pulled out the .45 that he had hidden there. He took aim and fired. The man fell off the horse and lay on the ground writhing in pain as Zack slowly walked up to him. 
	“I guess them Yankees forgot to take my gun,” he said calmly.
	The man on the ground looked up at him. “Damn, man, you didn’t have to shoot me!”
	Zack walked over to where his horse was standing and got the reins. He led the animal back to where the man was laying. “Let me ask you somethin’,” he said to the man as he walked up. “Did you fight for the South?”
	The man moaned and shook his head no.
	“North?”
	“No,” the man cried out in pain.
	“In other words, you ain’t done nothin’ in this war besides pilfer from folks?” Zack did not wait for an answer, he turned and got on his horse. 
	“You’re gonna help me, ain’t ‘cha? Hell, I’m gut shot! You ain’t gonna leave me here to die, are you?”
	Zack looked down at him from his horse. “Like you said, everybody’s got their problems.” He turned and rode away leaving the man there to die.

Pebble Hill, Tennessee

	Zack walked inside the sheriff’s office to find the sheriff sitting at his desk drinking a cup of coffee. “Can I help ya?” the sheriff asked.
	“I’m lookin’ for some of my family,” Zack answered looking around the office and then back to the cells. “I thought they might be here in town.”
	The sheriff sighed and shook his head. “There’s been so danged many people comin’ through town since the war ended, I don’t know who’s here and who ain’t. Your best bet in findin’ anybody is to go down to the Baptist church and ask around down there. They’ve been puttin’ up people down there that ain’t got no where else to go.”
	“Much obliged,” Zack nodded and started for the door. He walked down the street leading his horse toward the church. He tied the horse outside and walked inside the church to find a large crowd of people milling around, but he didn’t see anyone from his family there. Then, just as he was about to leave, he saw his childhood sweetheart, Emily, walking through the crowd. He stood there with a little smile on his face and watched her until she saw him. Emily couldn’t believe her eyes when she saw him. A smile came across her face when she was sure it was Zack and then she rushed over, threw her arms around him and held him tightly with tears rolling down her face. Being hugged in church made Zack somewhat uncomfortable, he pulled away from her and stepped back.
	“What you doin’ here?” he asked blushing. “Where’s your family?”
	“There ain’t nobody left except for me and my little brother Tom. Our farm was raided and burned. Daddy and Mama and the oldest boys were killed tryin’ to defend it from the Yankees,” she told him wiping the tears from her eyes.
	Zack stepped over and sat down on a pew. “Same thing happened over at my farm too, I guess.”
	Emily sat down beside him and started crying. “I heard about that. It happened to a lot of folks around here.” She composed herself for a moment and then started to tell him the story. “The Yankees rode right up in front of the house that mornin’ and the captain gave orders to burn the house and kill all of the animals except for the horses and that’s just what they did!” She couldn’t help herself, she began crying again and Zack put his arm around her trying to be of some comfort. “Me and Tom took off runnin’ to the woods and I was prayin’ to God that they wouldn’t come after us. Mama and Daddy and my brothers did the best they could to fight ‘em off, but they couldn’t and all of ‘em got killed for tryin’.”
	Zack sat there thinking for a moment. “Go get Tom and ya’ll come to Texas with me.”
	




Chapter 3

Blanco County, Texas

	Lizzie Lingstrum and her black companion, Emma, were outside their ranch home working in the garden. Both were young women in their early twenties, they had grown up together, Lizzie’s father had bought Emma at a slave auction fifteen years earlier. Her parents had already been auctioned off to different owners and neither of the new masters wanted the child. Lizzie’s father felt sorry for the crying child and bought her for Lizzie’s playmate. The two girls hit it off just fine and within a year or two, they became like sisters and Emma was accepted as one of the family. 
	Lizzie stopped her gardening work and wiped the sweat from her brow. It was getting late in the afternoon and both of the young women were ready to call it quits for the day. She turned to Emma who was pulling weeds. “Why don’t you go in the house and get us a drink of cool water?”
	Emma stood straight up and started to walk toward the house when she heard someone in a buggy coming toward the house. She saw John Harrison coming for a visit. “Here comes trouble.”
	Lizzie looked up and saw Harrison’s buggy. She sighed and shook her head as she slowly started walking toward the garden gate.
	“Hello, ladies,” Harrison greeted as he pulled his horses to a stop.
	Emma walked up a few feet behind Lizzie and stopped. She didn’t like John Harrison and was afraid of him because she knew that he was a prejudiced man that hated black people.
	“To what do we owe the honor of this visit?” Lizzie asked sarcastically.
	Harrison laughed. “If I didn't know better I would think that I wasn't welcome here judgin' by your tone.” The smile faded from his face, it was time for him to get serious and talk about business. “I've come to see if we couldn't come to some kind 	of agreement.”
	“Like what?” Lizzie knew what he wanted, she just wanted to aggravate him.
	Harrison didn’t answer. Instead, he looked at Emma standing behind Lizzie. “Why don't you go get us a drink of water, girl?” Without a word, Emma started walking slowly to the house. “This afternoon is just a preview of what we’ll be getting’ this summer,” he said to Lizzie.
	Lizzie wasn’t in the mood for small talk, certainly not with John Harrison. “If you want water, go somewhere else to drink it. We ain't got none to spare,” she said quickly and then sighed. “Now, what’s your business here?”
	“I've come to ask once again if you would consider sellin' this place to me,” Harrison told her.
	“I most certainly would not,” Lizzie snapped angrily. 
	“Mrs. Lingstrum, the war has been over for quite a while, as a matter of fact, plenty of time for 	your husband to have made it back home,” Harrison explained. “I think that it's time that you consider the possibility 	that he may not be comin' home at all. There's a chance that he might be dead.”
	His words angered Lizzie even more. “This ranch is our home...it's all we've got and you've been slobberin' at the mouth to get it since the day Walter went to fight! Now, let me give you my simple and direct answer. I'm not sellin' you this place...not now, not ever! Even if Walter is dead, me and Emma are gonna live right here. Now, with that bein' said, I'd thank you to slap those horses of your's on the butt with your whip so they can pull your sorry carcass of my property!”
	Harrison was insulted as well as angry. “I'm simply tryin' to do you a favor, lady!” He popped his whip and the horses took off. 
	Lizzie turned around and walked back to the garden. Emma started for the house, she knew better than to say anything to Lizzie at that point.

	That evening, Lizzie, and Emma were sitting outside in the yard enjoying the cool night air. Lizzie was still trying to calm herself from her earlier conversation with Harrison so she tried to make small talk with Emma. “They tell me that big, bright star up there is really a planet called Venus.”
	“I'm sure that I don't know,” Emma commented.
	“Do you think that tomorrow will be the day that Walter gets home?” she asked after a moment.
	“I'm sure that I don't know,” Emma answered again and then looked over at Lizzie and decided to tell her what was on her mind. “I don't wanna upset you, but what if Mister Walter don't want me around here when he gets back?” she asked nervously.
	Her question aggravated Lizzie. “Oh, Emma, we've been all over this before! Me and you have been together since we was eight years old...Walter knows that we're like sisters! He knows I love you and he loves you too. Just because the South lost the war doesn't mean that he's gonna be mad at you.”
	“But maybe he wants me out of the way so ya'll can start a family,” Emma pointed out.
	Lizzie was not in the mood to discuss the matter any further. She stood up from her chair, stepped over and patted Emma on the shoulder. “Come on, it's gettin' pitch dark out here and the skeeters are gonna eat us up.” 
	Lizzie couldn’t sleep that night, her mind was racing with thoughts of Walter’s return home. It had been over three years since she had seen her husband and it had been five months since she had gotten a letter from him. She hoped and prayed that he was safe and on his way home. Life had been hard on the ranch in Walter’s absence. She didn’t mind the work although it was more than she and Emma could possibly do, but they did the best they could. 

	Emma was returning from the chicken house carrying eggs when she saw a man in the distance that she believed to be Walter riding toward the house. She rushed to the house to tell Lizzie who was working in the kitchen. “I think your man is comin’!”	
	Lizzie looked at her for a moment as if she didn’t believe her and then they both rushed out on the front porch to watch the rider. After a few moments, Lizzie recognized Walter and she ran as fast as she could out of the yard and toward him. Emma followed her and wiped tears of joy from her eyes when she saw Walter get down from his horse and hug Lizzie. She slowly walked on toward them taking her time to get there. Walter was a tall slender man who looked as if he had not eaten in several days. He looked up and smiled at Emma as she walked up to them.  
	“Do you want me to take that horse for you?” Emma smiled.
	Walter nodded and held the reins out for her to take, but as she reached for them, he grabbed her hand and pulled her close to hug her.
	“I ain’t never seen no man as skinny as you,” Emma teased.
	Walter stepped back from the women and patted his flat stomach. “I came home so you girls could fatten me up,” he laughed. He started walking away leading the horse while Lizzie and Emma stood there holding each other and watching him. He turned around when he noticed that they were not following. “Come on, I’m ready for some biscuits and gravy!”
	They laughed and followed him. 





























CHAPTER 4

Northeast, Arkansas

	Zack, Emily and 10-year-old Tom were in a desperate situation as they journeyed across the state on their way to Texas. They had no money, no food, no wagon and no clothes other than the ones on their backs. Emily was riding Zack’s horse while Zack and Tom walked along beside her. They heard a dog barking in the distance and Zack stopped in his tracks. “We’ll camp here tonight...I’ll go shoot us somethin’ to eat.”
	“I’d sure like to go huntin’ with ya,” young Tom said hoping that Zack would let him go along.
	“You stay here and gather up some firewood for your sister,” Zack ordered. He didn’t know where he was going or what he was going to do, but he was convinced that he was not coming back without some food for everyone to eat.
	Hidden in some trees on a hill overlooking a farmhouse, Zack could see chickens in the yard and mules standing in the corral. Of course, he was thinking of the chickens for food, but he was really thinking of stealing the mules and a wagon and was considering if it was really worth killing someone to get those things. He moved a little closer to get a better look when he stepped on a stick that made a loud crack when it broke. The noise alerted the dog at the farmhouse and it came running toward him barking. Abner Taylor, the old man that lived there in the house, grabbed his rifle and followed the dog to investigate.
	Zack, knowing that he had been caught, pulled out his .45 and stepped out of the trees so Abner could see him. He was thinking about shooting the old man, but at the last second, he threw down his gun and raised his hands in surrender. Abner kept his rifle ready to fire as he neared Zack.
	“Mister, I hate to ask for help, but I’m standin’ in front of you today askin’ for a handout for me, a woman and her brother...they’re back up in the woods a ways,” Zack said swallowing his pride.
	Abner relaxed and lowered his rifle looking Zack over. You gave me quite a scare, son. There’s been a lot of drifters passin’ by here since the war and some of them was a lot less than Christian.” He used his rifle for leverage to sit down on a rock. “How old are you, boy?”
	“Fixin’ to turn nineteen,” Zack answered.
	“That’s a good age to be,” Abner smiled taking some chewing tobacco out of his pocket. “Go fetch your woman and the boy...Mama will fix us some supper.”

	Abner and his wife, Mary, opened the door to greet Zack, Emily and Tom. Mary smiled and tried not to act surprised when she saw their dirty, ragged appearance.
	“Would you like to wash up, dear?” Mary asked Emily who humbly nodded. “	Go on in there in the next room and I’ll bring you some hot water in the wash pot.” She then turned to the men. “Ya’ll just have a seat...we’ll be out in a minute.”
	Embarrassed and humiliated, Emily started to cry as she stepped inside the room knowing that someone had seen her in this dirty condition. She had always taken pride in her appearance. She tried to compose herself when Mary walked in with the wash pot. “I must look a mess,” she said wiping the tears from her eyes. “I hate to be seen like this.”
	Mary patted her on the shoulder. “Honey, don’t worry about how you look. Once you 	get cleaned up a little, I’ll give you a clean dress and then we can brush out that pretty hair of your’s and you’ll look just fine.”

	Abner couldn’t help but notice how bad Zack and Tom smelled while they were sitting at the table waiting for Mary and Emily. “If you boys wanna wash up, there’s plenty of water out there at the well.”
	Zack quickly got up from the table. “I guess me and the boy do stink somethin’ terrible, but I guess that we must be used to it by now...we’ve been travelin’ for days.”
	“You boys go wash up. I think I’ve got some clothes in yonder that’ll fit ya,” Abner told them.

	Everyone was finally all cleaned up and sitting around the table eating. Tom was especially enjoying his supper as he helped himself on seconds. 	“This sure is fine eatin’ ma’am,” he complimented Mary.
	“Thank you, son,” she smiled. “It feels good to cook for somebody that enjoys eatin. I raised two boys that had healthy appetites.”
	“We sure do thank you for the food and the clothes,” Emily said to Mary.
	Zack took that as his cue to offer what he could for the Taylor’s hospitality. “If you’ll tell me what you want done around here in the way of work, I’ll get up and get started,” he said to Abner. “I wanna pay our way and labor is the only thing I got to pay with.”
	“Let me sleep on it, boy, I’m sure I’ll dream up somethin’ for you to do,” Abner told him as he pushed his plate back.
	“It won’t take him that long because Abner is always behind in his work,” Mary smiled.
	Abner nodded his head in agreement. “I’m gettin’ too old to work like I used to. My boys used to do most of the work for me before the war came along. Them and half of Arkansas went to fight.” He shook his head. “They went off and got themselves killed,” he said with his voice cracking.
	“We can stay here for a few weeks and help you get caught up,” Zack volunteered. “We’re goin’ to Texas, but we ain’t in no hurry to get there. I got some family there, but I don’t know where they are. All I got is a friend that I met durin’ the war. He lives in Blanco County there and I don’t know what we’re gonna do when I find him...just look for a place to settle on I guess.”


March, 1866

	The few weeks that Zack planned on staying at Abner and Mary’s had turned into a year. He, Emily and Tom had fallen in love with the old couple as they stayed on there repairing the house and barn, taking care of the livestock and planting crops. Abner and Mary loved them too and the Parsons bunch could have stayed there from now on, but Zack’s burning desire to get to Texas took a deeper root with each passing day and he could no longer hold it back. He sat on his horse standing by the wagon hooked to a team of mules. Emily and Tom were sitting on the wagon while Abner and Mary were standing near the wagon saying goodbye.
	“Zack, I’d like to thank you for everything you’ve done around here and I hope you find what you’re lookin’ for down there in Texas,” Abner said. “And if you don’t like it in Texas, just remember that ya’ll can come back here and stay for good.”
	“I’m sure gonna miss ya’ll,” Mary said smiling up at Emily.
	“We’ll miss ya’ll too,” Emily said. She didn’t really want to leave, she could have spent the rest of her life there with the Taylor’s. “May God bless the both of you for all you’ve done for us,” she said with tear filling her eyes.
	Tom was desperately trying to think of something to say. “And I’m gonna miss your cookin’,” he blurted out to Mary.
	Zack had enough of the sad goodbye talk, he was ready to get going. “Well, once again, much obliged.” He turned his horse and started riding away. Emily reined the mules and followed him. Tom turned around in the seat and waved at them one last time. “We’ll come back and see you sometime,” he called out as the wagon rolled away. Abner and Mary smiled and waved goodbye.

Little Rock, Arkansas

	Zack was riding next to the wagon as they neared the town. He had a little plan of business to do in Little Rock that he knew Emily wouldn’t approve of. “Ya’ll ride on through town and I’ll catch up with you later...I’ve got some things to take care of.”
	Emily knew better than to ask, she figured he wanted to go to the saloon and have a few drinks. Tom, on the other hand, was curious. “What kind of things do you need to take care of?“ he asked.
	His question aggravated Zack. “Boy, if I wanted you to know I would’ve told you by now!” He lowered his voice to a much nicer tone when he talked to Emily. “Just get on the road that leads to Fort Worth. I just 	need to check on somethin’ here...I won’t be far behind you.”
	Emily nodded. She didn’t care if he stopped and had a few drinks, it would get him out of her hair for awhile. 

	The bank in Little Rock had just opened for the day and there was no one inside except for the teller and the president, Mister Winston. Zack tied his horse in front of the bank and walked in like he was a regular customer. He strolled to the teller’s window smiling and trying to be friendly. “How you boys doin’ today?”
	“Good morning, sir,” the teller greeted. “How may we help you?”
	“Are you the man I need to see about makin’ me a loan?” Zack grinned.
	“No, sir that would be Mister Winston, the bank president,” the teller said looking over Zack’s farm clothes and then sighed. “I assume this will be a farm loan?”
	“A farm loan it is,” Zack smiled.
	The teller turned to Winston who was sitting at his desk and rolled his eyes. “Oh, Mister Winston, there’s a customer here to see you about a farm loan.
	Winston looked up at the teller and then over to Zack. “Got any collateral?”
	“I sure do,” Zack nervously laughed.
	Winston nodded at the teller to let Zack come back and talk with him. The teller walked over to where the counter top was hinged and held it up for Zack to walk through. “Right this way, sir.”
	Zack walked through and waited for the teller to lead the way to Winston’s desk. When the teller did so, Zack pulled out his .45 and whacked him in the back of the head. The teller fell to the floor unconscious and Zack stepped over him on his way to Winston’s desk pointing the .45 at Winston. “This is my collateral and it’ll blow the hell outta you if you don’t give me all your Yankee dollars. Now, hurry up and get ‘em before you get laid out bleedin’ all over the floor like your sissy friend.”
	“You’ll never get away with this,” Winston warned him as he got up from his desk. 
	“I didn’t ask for no lecture, just give me the money,” Zack said as he followed Winston to the teller’s drawer and supervised him as he put the money in a bank bag. It was mostly small bills. “I want what’s in the safe too.”
	Winston stepped quickly back to the safe and opened the door. Zack suddenly hit him over the head with the .45 and after Winston fell to the floor unconscious, he stuffed the money into the bank bag. When he was finished, he looked down at Winston and saw a pool of blood under his head. He hoped that neither of the two men were seriously hurt. Zack put the .45 back in his belt in the small of his back and calmly carried the bag of money out of the bank and to his horse. He stuffed the bag into his saddlebag, got on his horse and rode slowly down the street unnoticed.













CHAPTER 5

 	Walter pulled around in front of the house with the buggy all ready for the Easter service and shouted, “Are we ready to go, ladies?”
	Lizzie and Emma were still inside the house getting dressed. “We’ll be there in a minute,” Lizzie called out.
	Walter impatiently  checked the time on his pocket watch. “Church is gonna be over by the time we get there. We might as well have our Bible readin’ here.
	Lizzie and Emma stepped out on the porch looking pretty with their new dresses on. “If we did that, you’d miss your chance to take us to town and show us off,” Lizzie smiled as they made their way out to the buggy.”
	Although Walter was a God fearing man, he hadn’t been to church in years, but he had made up his mind that he wanted to start going on a regular basis. He and Lizzie planned on having children and he wanted to be a good example for them. It was important for the both of them. 

	When the church service was over and the congregation was making their way out of the church while Preacher Jones was standing at the door shaking hands with people that were in attendance. Walter, Lizzie and Emma noticed that they were drawing more than a few stares from the congregation that had gathered outside as they made their way to the buggy. Walter heard his name called and he turned around to see John Harrison and his partner in crime, Bob Turner, a few feet away. He left Lizzie and Emma to talk with them.
	“Mister Lingstrum, what is the meaning that woman to church?” Harrison asked keeping his voice low so no one else could hear.
	“She’s my wife,” grinned Walter knowing full well that he was talking about Emma and not Lizzie.
	“I mean that negro woman,” Harrison snapped aggravated.
	“She wanted to come to church so I gave her a ride,” Walter explained innocently.
	“She needs to go to church with her own kind,” Harrison said.
	“There ain’t enough of her kind around here to make up a church,” Walter said trying to conceal his anger. He had heard all of Lizzie’s stories about Harrison and although he really didn’t know him that well, he hated him on the basis of what he had heard. 
	“You bringing that negro woman here has upset the entire congregation,” Harrison continued on.
	“Well, God made negroes too, didn’t he?” Walter asked.
	Harrison sighed. “Walter, we’re all real proud of your around here for goin’ off to war and fighting for the South, but let me tell you something-”
	“No, let me tell you something,” Walter interrupted. “I didn’t fight for the South in order to keep slaves. I fought for the South to keep the damned Yankees out of the Southern States business. Even now, since the war is over, I still don’t want no damned Yankee politicians tellin’ us what to do down here in Texas.” Feeling his anger rise, he took a breath and sighed. “Now, as far as bein’ able to rule over other people and oppress them, I’ll just leave that to good God fearin’ Christians such as yourselves. And with that bein’ said, I’ll say good day to you and may your little church here rot in hell!” He quickly turned and walked away to the buggy where Lizzie and Emma were waiting.
	On the ride home, Lizzie could tell that Walter was upset. Emma didn’t have to have Walter talk about it, she knew that it was about her coming to church. “Are you gonna tell us what went on back there?” Lizzie asked.
	Walter waited a moment before answering. “I’ll just say that from now on, we’ll be havin’ our Bible readin’ at home.”
	“Walter, I want to know what went on back there,” Lizzie demanded and then elbowed him in the ribs. “Are you gonna tell me or am I gonna have to ask those hard headed men myself?”
	“It don’t concern women,” Walter told her.
	Lizzie was visibly upset from his comment. “What do you mean talkin’ to me that way? You’re just a thick headed as those morons back at the church!” She suddenly stood up while the buggy was still moving. “Now, you stop that damned horse and let us off of this buggy before I jump because I don’t even wanna ride with you!”
	Walter pulled the horse to a stop. Lizzie got down from the buggy in a huff and Emma followed after because she knew that would be what Lizzie would want. “You get yourself home and fix your own Sunday dinner and after we get home, I don’t wanna see you comin’ in my bedroom tonight expectin’ to lay with me!”
	Walter, knowing that he had said the wrong thing, sighed as he glanced over to Emma and Lizzie. He slapped the horse on the rear with the reins and took off leaving them standing there.

	John Harrison, Bob Tuner and Preacher Jones were sitting on Harrison’s front porch after Sunday dinner smoking their cigars. “I never in my life expected to look out into my congregation and see a black face. I could hardly think of the next words in my sermon when I saw that woman sitting there with the Lingstrums,” Jones told them.
	“I don’t know what the hell Lingstrum thought he was tryin’ to prove bringin’ that woman to our church,” Turner added.
	“Well, a lot of that is his wife’s fault, she acts like the woman is white and parades her 	around with her everywhere she goes,” Harrison said. “I think we need a group of people right here in the community to protect us from that sort of thing.”
	“I’m in total agreement with you, John,” Turner said, but then, Turner was always in total agreement with Harrison no matter what. “ We need to make it clear that we don’t want niggers here in Harrisonville.”
	“Especially in our churches where good Christians come to worship,” Preacher Jones added.
	“I don’t even want them passin’ by here,” Harrison said standing up from his chair. “They are a curse on the land. Just look at what happened to the South because of niggers.” He stepped to the edge of the porch and turned around to face his friends. “Have either of you gentlemen ever heard of Mister Nathan B. Forrest?”
	“Can’t say that I have,” Turner answered.
	“Well, his reputation in spreading rather quickly throughout the South,” Harrison explained. He’s been organizing groups of Southerners to oppose all of that Reconstruction business that they got goin’ on in the South and to make sure that the coloreds know their place. He’s calling the groups the Ku Klux Klan and I understand that they are very effective at what they do. Now, in this part of Texas, we ain’t got that many negroes, but since they now have the freedom to go anywhere they want on God’s green earth, I expect that we’ll be seein’ a lot more of them here around our community. That’s exactly why I want to start a group of like-minded individuals around here.”


CHAPTER 6

Fort Worth, Texas

	It had been almost three weeks since the bank robbery and Zack still had not dared to tell Emily about it, he knew that she would have a fit, but he knew that the time was coming soon as they rode into Fort Worth. They were amazed at how many people could be in one place as they traveled down the dusty main street, which was crowded with cowboys, men in suits, women and cattle. Horses, buggies and wagons were everywhere. The sight of Yankee soldiers caught Zack’s eye as they passed by a saloon where the soldiers had a table set up to sign up new recruits. He gave them a cold stare as they rode by and then turned to Emily and smiled. “You sure look pretty today.”
	“Thank you,” she blushed. Compliments from Zack Parsons were hard to come by. It just wasn’t his nature.
	“When are you gonna marry me?” he asked.
	“You haven’t asked me yet,” she laughed still blushing.
	“Well, all of that’s gonna change soon. I’m gonna get us a hotel room, a hot bath and I might even buy you a new dress...maybe two! And then we can discuss matrimony,” he told her.
	“And how you gonna do all of that Zack Parsons?” she teased. “All of that takes money and that’s one thing you don’t have.”
	“You don’t worry about how I’m gonna do it. All that matters is that I’m gonna get it done.”
	“What are you gonna get me?” Tom asked getting in on the conversation.
	“Oh, I don’t know,” smiled Zack. “I was thinkin’ about gettin’ you a horse.”
	The smile faded from Emily’s face. “I wish you wouldn’t fill him up with notions, Zack, he don’t know that you’re just dreamin’.”
	“Dreams can’t come true if you don’t take the time to dream ‘em up first,” Zack commented and then kicked his horse up into a gallop leaving them behind before Emily could say anything else.
	Tom watched as he rode away. “Do you think he’s really gonna get me a horse?”
	Emily shook her head no. “I wouldn’t count on it. Zack ain’t got no money, he’s a dreamer...always has been. In a way I guess that’s good, but a man can’t live on dreams alone. You’ve got to have something to back the dreams up with.”
	Zack pulled his horse up to a stop in front of a hotel and waited for Emily and Tom to catch up with him. He reached in his saddlebag and grabbed some money and held it out to Emily as she pulled the wagon to a stop beside him. 
	“Without arguin’ with me, go in there and rent us a couple of rooms,” Zack instructed her.
	Emily looked at him bewildered. “Zack-”
	“Just hush and do what I tell you to, woman,” he interrupted and then lowered his voice. “After you get the rooms, go on over and buy 	yourself a couple of new dresses and whatever else you need and then have yourself a hot bath.” He then turned to Tom. “You come with me, boy.”
	Emily handed Tom the reins and got down from the wagon without saying a word, but not without giving Zack a go to hell look to let him know that she was mad and would want a full explanation later. Zack rode on to the stable and Tom followed after him in the wagon.

	The blacksmith was taking care of their animals while Zack and Tom were standing out at the corral looking over the horses for sale. “Do you see any horses out there that you’d like to call your’s?” he asked the boy.
	Tom carefully looked them over for a moment. “That paint over there.”
	Zack smiled. “He’s all your’s. Now, go in there and see if that blacksmith has any saddles that’ll fit ya.
	Tom looked at him as if he couldn’t believe his eyes and ears. He shouted for joy and after taking a giant leap in the air, ran inside the stable.

	Zack was strutting down the busy street with his new clothes, boots, hat and guns. In his new pistol belt he had a new Starr Double Action .44 and he was carrying a new Henry .44 rifle. He walked toward the saloon and saw that the Yankee soldiers were still there at their recruiting table. The sergeant smiled as Zack came up the steps to enter the saloon. “How would you like to serve your country by enlisting today?”
	“I’ve already served it,” Zack said walking past him.
	“Sir, wait a minute,” the sergeant called out after him. “Just let me talk to you.”
	Zack reluctantly stopped and turned around to face the man. “Go ahead.”
	“What unit did you serve with?” the sergeant asked.
	“The Confederate States of America and I ain’t interested in becomin’ no Yankee now,” Zack informed him.
	“Well, you might be interested in becoming a scout or buffalo hunter,” the sergeant persisted.
	“What do Yankees need with buffalo hunters?” Zack was curious.
	“To launch our campaign against hostile Indians, sir,” the sergeant began to explain. “The buffalo hunters are paid to find and kill buffalo so the savage Indians’ food rations will be depleted thus starving them into surrender.” He looked down admiring Zack’s new Henry rifle. “You have a fine looking weapon there, sir. A fine choice for killing buffalo.”
	“What was that man’s name that took Lincoln’s place after he was shot?” Zack asked growing tired of the conversation.
	“Johnson. President Andrew Johnson.”
	“You tell Andrew Johnson for me that if wants all the Indians and buffalo dead, he can come shoot ‘em himself,” he said turning to walked inside the saloon.
	“No wonder the South fell inferior to the United States Army with likes of you in their service,” the sergeant called out to insult him, but Zack walked on inside the saloon and stepped up to the bar to where a drunk cowboy was standing.
	The cowboy had heard what the sergeant said and it had insulted him more than it did Zack. “Hey, bartender, get me another whiskey and get one for my friend here.” He turned to Zack. “Damn Yankees, they think they own the place!”
	The bartender heard what the cowboy had said while pouring their drinks. “	Keep your mouth shut in here, cowpoke. Them soldier boys are good for business and they’ve got a sight more money than any cowhand I ever saw.”
	“People around here would rather do business with Yankees than the native sons of this state,” the cowboy said to Zack, but loud enough for the bartender to hear.
	Zack gulped down his whiskey. “That don’t surprise me none.”
	The sergeant walked up to the bar where the cowboy and Zack were standing. Zack stared straight ahead ignoring him, but the cowboy could not resist saying something. “Hey, Yankee, I heard all you soldier boys are so damned scared of Indians that ya’ll started recruitin’ black boys to do your fightin’ for ya. Is that right?”
	The sergeant smiled. “The United States Army does not fear anything or anybody,” he boasted.
	“Then why are you hirin’ niggers to fight Indians?” the cowboy asked trying to pick a fight.
	“Because, my good man, both are disposable.”
	The cowboy suddenly drew his pistol on the sergeant. “That pisses me off! You bastards make war with 
the South ‘cause you don’t want rich farmers workin’ ‘em as slaves, but ya’ll don’t see nothin’ wrong with puttin’ ‘em in your damned army to fight your battles for ya. It’s alright to kill ‘em fightin’ Indians, ain’t it? You bunch of gutless cowards!”
	Zack picked up his Henry rifle as if he were going to make a stand with the cowboy, but then he suddenly hit the cowboy in the stomach with the butt end and when the cowboy bent over forward from the blow, he then hit him in the head knocking him unconscious. 
	Relieved, the sergeant smiled at Zack. “Thank you for helping me out.”
	“I wasn’t helpin’ you, I was helpin’ him,” Zack said. “They’d hang that poor bastard around here for killin’ the likes of you.” He then turned and walked out of the saloon.

	Emily was sitting in a rocking chair by the hotel window wearing her new dress when Zack walked in the room. She was still angry with him and did not speak, she just gave him a cold stare as he sat his guns down, walked over to the bed and sat down. He nervously patted the mattress and looked over at her. “It sure is gonna feel good sleeping on one of these tonight,” he said to break the silence. He knew that he had an ass chewing coming and he was ready to get it over with.
	“Where did you get the money, Zack?” she asked getting straight to the point.
	He took a deep breath and sighed. “Remember that day in Little Rock when I told you and Tom to go on 'cause I had some business? Well, I robbed a bank there that day...I got five thousand two hundred and twenty six dollars.”
	Emily stared at him for a moment with a look of disbelief on her face. “That is the dumbest danged thing I ever heard of,” she scolded. “What if you'd got caught? What if you'd been killed? Where would me and Tom be then?” She tried to calm herself because she knew that she was getting loud. “You say that you want to marry me, but I can tell you right now that I ain't gonna have no thief for a husband. If you wanna rob and steal, you just get on and leave us here right now!”
	“I don't wanna rob and steal...I did it for us,” he said looking at the floor. “How do you think it made me feel seein' you and Tom livin' like stray dogs out there on that trail? What's so wrong about me wantin' to make your life a little easier?” He looked up at her face and saw that he had still not won her over. “Emily, we needed that money. Without it, the best that we could ever do is sharecrop somewhere. We needed it to buy our own land with and start a whole new life. Now, if you want to gripe at me for tryin' to make your life a little easier, then, by golly, gripe!”
	Emily sat there staring at him for a moment. After a moment, she couldn't help herself, she smiled. “Damn you, I can't even stay mad at you! Zack Parsons, you'd better never pull anything like this again and I mean it!”
	“I don't want you to be mad at me, I want you to be proud of me,” he smiled.
	“I ain't proud that you robbed a bank,” she snapped and seemed angry again.
	“You would be if you saw how easy I done it,” he smiled. He slowly got up off the bed and walked over to her chair and knelt down beside her. “Will you marry me?”
	She reached over and gently pulled his head to her breast and held him there. “Yes, Zack, I'll marry you.”
	“Before we leave Fort Worth?”
	“In the mornin' if you want to.”






















CHAPTER 7

	Walter was taking his morning ride through the pastures on his ranch when he heard voices coming from over a hill. He rode over to investigate and saw three families of blacks camped there in three separate wagons cooking breakfast. They all watched closely when they saw Walter riding up toward them. “I could hear ya'll talkin' a good piece back and I thought I'd come over and see who it is that could be on my land,” Walter said pulling his horse to a stop.
	“We's be sorry for trespassin', but if you don't mind, we'd like to finish cookin' and have us a hot meal 'fore we move on,” Josh, the spokesman for the group, said.
	Walter shook his head. “I don't mind.”
	“Would you wants to have a cup of coffee with us?” he asked when he saw that Walter did not have a hostile attitude.
	Walter smiled and nodded yes before getting down from his horse. “Where you folks from?” he asked walking over to the campfire.
	“Alabama,” Josh answered as he poured a cup of coffee and handed it to Walter. “We’s be headin’ down to South Texas. I hear dat’s good cotton country down there.”
	“I've heard that but I don't know. I ain't ever been there. I've spent all of my days 'round here...'cept for the days I spent in the war,” Walter explained with a smile. “But I have been to Alabama.”
	Josh shook his head. “Pretty country 'fore the war. My name is Josh,” he extended his hand for Walter to shake. “This here is Caleb and dat's Fats...I guess you can see why folks would call him dat,” he laughed.
	Walter shook hands with each of them. The seemingly jolly Fats gladly shook his hand. “Dey's nuthin' in Alabama dese days...all dem big farms is burned out.”
	“We came off down here to find us some work,” Caleb explained.
	“Farmin' is all we knows,” Josh added.
	“Dat do be a fact,” Fats laughed. “Farmin's is all we knows and now we's gonna be farmin' for ourselves instead of the mastah...oh, sweet freedom! He quickly wiped the smile from his face when he saw that the others were not laughing. Josh and Caleb were uncomfortable thinking that Walter might be offended at Fats’ remark.
	Walter looked around at the men‘s wives who were busily cooking breakfast at the campfire. They refused to look up and make eye contact with him. The kids, on the other hand, couldn‘t seem to be able to take their eyes of the tall, skinny man in their camp. “I got a section of land here that my family gave me before they moved on out to California. I've worked it just about my whole life, but it's gone downhill while I was off to war,” Walter explained and then chuckled. “Now, don't tell my wife and Emma that...they did the best they could to keep it goin' while I was gone, but there's so much work they couldn't get it all done. I've got several fields totalin' about three hundred acres. Would ya'll be interested in doin' a little sharecroppin'?”
	“You offerin'?” Caleb asked.
	Walter nodded his head. “I'm offerin' ya'll a job...you can sharecrop and work for me on the rest of the pastureland.” He pitched out the rest of his coffee. “Here's what I'll do...I'll give you a cow each for milkin' and eatin' and when the crops are ready, I'll split the harvest with you right down the middle. Now, I ain't got nowhere for you to live, but we'll all work together and build you some houses for your families. I know it ain't much, but it's the best I can do...it's a job and it'll be a home for your families.” He walked over to his horse. “Ya'll think about it and let me know somethin'. I live right northwest of here...you can find it if you follow the trail through the hills.”
	The men stood there watching as Walter rode away. They were all impressed with Walter’s straightforward nature. “Lawdy, lawdy, what does ya'll think of dat? You think he's pullin' our leg?” Fats asked the others.
	“He ain't pullin' our leg. He be a man of his word,” Caleb said still watching Walter. “I can tell.”
	Josh looked at Caleb and Fats. “What ya'll think about workin' here?”
	“We's can try it out. I'm tired of travelin',” Caleb answered.
	“Let's try it for a season and if'n we's wanna move on after dat, we'll go,” Fats agreed.












CHAPTER 8

Buck Creek, Texas

	Zack was riding his horse next to the wagon that Emily was driving and Tom was off to himself riding his pinto pony as they made their way though some beautiful country with rolling hills and oak trees. They reached a green valley near a creek when Zack got off his horse and looked around. He turned to Emily who was still sitting on the wagon and smiled. “What do you think?”
	“It’s beautiful,” she answered.
	“How would you like to live here?” He pointed to a group of trees, “If I built you a house in that spot, you’d get the mornin’ sun, but it would be shaded in the afternoon.” He looked around for Tom who was riding his painted pony nearby. “Come on over here, boy, and see where you’re gonna live,” he called out.
	Emily got down from the wagon and walked over to Zack. She looked around at the future site of her new home and at the valley that would be the view from her front porch. She reached up and pulled the strings to untie her bonnet and pitched it down on the ground with a big smile on her face. She was very pleased. “I thought we were going to Blanco County to find your friend Walter,” she smiled.
	Zack shook his head no. “I’m through travelin’. I wanna make this our home. I’ll find Walter some other time.”
	She suddenly threw her arms around Zack. “I love it here!”
	“Me too, it’s just about perfect.”
	The happy, contented look on Emily’s face disappeared when she saw lone rider coming toward them. Zack, who could feel something was wrong, turned to see what she was looking at. He saw the man too and cautiously walked over to his horse to get his Henry rifle. The man pulled his horse to a stop in front of them. “I’m Captain Mabrey of the Texas Rangers,” he introduced himself. “You folks are a long way from anywhere, ain’t you?”
	“We’re lookin’ for a place to settle on,” Zack answered. “Ain’t nobody got a claim on this place, do they?”
	Mabrey shook his head no. “Just the Comanche Indians and it’s my job to see to it that they leave. I rode over here after seein’ you folks to warn you about the Comanches. My men are on a patrol right now lookin’ for ‘em.
It might be in you folks’ best interest to come on down to the outpost and stay until we either kill ‘em or run ‘em out of here.”
	“I ain’t gonna do that,” Zack said shaking his head and then held up his Henry .44. “If any Indians come around here, I’ll blow hell out of ‘em.”
	“The point I’m tryin’ to make, sir, is that you and your family will not be safe here,” Mabry argued. “If you chose to stay, I warn you that the Texas Rangers cannot protect you from these wild savages.”
	“I ain’t askin’ for no protection,” Zack told him. “We came all the way out here from Tennessee to settle on a piece of land and that’s what we’re gonna do. I’ll be willin’ to pay for it with my money or my life.”
	Mabrey was not a man that was used to being argued with and didn’t appreciate Zack’s reluctance to accept his advice to go to the outpost. “Do you understand what I’m tryin’ to tell you? There are Indians out here that will kill you and your family if they get the chance!”
	“I understand just fine,” Zack told him equally as aggravated as Mabrey. “You just go on and do what you 
need to do and I’ll take care of my family.”
	“It’s fine with me if you want to get yourselves killed,” Mabrey said angrily and spun his horse around. “Good day to your, sir!”
	“Come around again,” Zack smiled as he watched him ride away.

	Sergeant Mason, second in command at the outpost, was an older, more experienced man than his superior, Captain Mabrey. The men liked him for his easy going manner and down to earth decisions. “I hope you boys don’t mind ridin’ with me today,” he told the two young Rangers that were with him on a routine patrol through the hills. “I know that I’d rather be out here than workin’ back at the outpost.”
	“What do you think Captain Mabrey will have us doin’ next now that the outpost is almost finished?” one of the young men asked as they rode along.
	“I’m sure he’ll think of somethin’,” Mason answered as he took out his tobacco pouch from his pocket and started rolling a cigarette. “I just hope that I get to stay here...this is the prettiest place in Texas I’ve ever seen.”
	“Oh, Sarge, you ain’t gettin’ sentimental on us, are you? The next thing you know, you’ll be talkin’ about gettin’ married and havin’ kids,” teased the other young Ranger.
	“That might not be such a bad idea,” Mason said as he lit his cigarette. “You could spend the rest of your life with the Rangers and when it’s all over, you really ain’t got nothin’ to show for it.”
	“Well, bein’ a Ranger gives me somethin’ to do plus it puts a little money in my pocket,” the first young man said. “The way I see it-” an arrow pierced through his chest before he could finish his statement and he fell dead from his horse.
	Mason looked around quickly to see what happened and an arrow hit and stuck through the bicep of his right arm. Another arrow hit and went through the other young Ranger’s neck, but he was still alive and tried to escape, but before he could kick his horse into a run, another arrow stuck in his back and he fell to the ground. Besides being shot in the arm, Mason was also shot in the leg and while he was escaping, another arrow hit him in the shoulder while another stuck in his back just above the hip bone. He desperately tried to ride on.
	
	Although it had only been a couple of hours since the attack, it felt like days to Mason as he neared the outpost. He was bleeding badly from his wounds and was dizzy as well as weak. He could hardly sit on his horse. A Ranger guard saw him coming and fired a shot in the air to alert the others. The other Rangers in the outpost all stopped their chores to see what was going on including Captain Mabrey. They all rushed out toward the approaching Mason to help him off his horse. They carried him inside his quarters to remove the arrows and lay him on his bunk.
	“Dammit, Mabrey shouted. “I want a volunteer now!”
	One of the Rangers rushed over to where Mabrey was standing. “I want you to get the fastest horse we have here. Saddle him up, get on him and run that son of a bitch as fast as you can out of here. You get to headquarters and tell Major Strong that we need some reinforcements out here. You tell him that we need every available Ranger that he has!”
	The Ranger took off running as fast as he could for the barn and within less than five minutes was on his mission. 

	Zack was working on the new house that was well under construction when he looked up and saw Mabrey with his men following after him riding toward him. “Sir, the Comanches are at it again,” Mabrey said as he pulled his horse to a stop.
	Zack just grinned and wiped the sweat from his face. “I ain’t seen no Indians around here. In fact, I don’t ever see nobody but you Rangers.” He looked the men over and smiled. “Ya’ll come on to the back and sample my well water...it sure is good.”
	Mabrey ignored the invitation. “Sir, I have two things to ask of you. One...please move your family to the outpost for their safety as well as your own. And two...ride with us and help us locate these Indians so we can get rid of them for once and for all!”
	Zack shook his head. “Oh, I don’t know about that...I took all the orders I’m ever gonna take when I was in the war. Besides, I’ve gotta lot of work to do around here because I’m plannin’ on a trip to Fort Worth soon to buy some cows.”
	Just then, Emily stepped out from the house and for the first time, Mabrey noticed her pregnant condition. “Sir, for the sake of your family and for the sake of your unborn child, please come to the outpost. Just yesterday, the Comanches killed two of my men and critically wounded my sergeant.”
	Zack thought for a moment and looked over at Emily before turning back to Mabrey. “Okay, I’ll help and my family will come to the outpost, but just while I’m off helpin’ you find these Comanches.”

	Two days later, Zack and all of the Rangers were out on a patrol riding through the hills when one of the men rode close to a tree. A lone Comanche jumped out on top of him and hit him in the head with a hatchet. The man fell dead from his horse and then the Comanche ran away unseen to some brush where three others were very well hidden. They waited until the Rangers were close enough and began shooting arrows at them. Three wounded Rangers fell from their horses while the others hurried to the brush to chase after the Indians, but they could not find them. The Rangers returned to the outpost for the night. It was then that Mabrey decided that they would all stay at the outpost until the reinforcements arrived. 
	Three weeks later, a group of thirty men arrived at the outpost and by the next day, Mabrey was leading a group of twenty men on patrol. Zack was riding along with them, he wanted to get this Indian business over with so he could get back to the ranch that he was trying to build. 
	As they rode along, their ranks were spread about thirty feet apart. Suddenly, an arrow pierced through the chest of one of the Rangers and four others rode to the brush where they think the arrow came from, they found nothing. Another Ranger was hit and five more men rushed into that direction. They saw one of the Comanche running away, but he suddenly stopped and shot another arrow at them. The Rangers closed in on him shooting him dead. Three more arrows flew and three more Rangers fell from their horses. The Rangers opened fire in all directions, some of them were hit by stray bullets. They were running everywhere on their horses desperately trying to find the seemingly invisible Comanches.
	Mabrey saw something move in the brush and quickly rode over to investigate. He found a frightened Comanche boy trying to run away. He watched him for a moment and then shot him with his rifle. He rode over to the body to make sure that he was dead and saw a trail in the grass. “Get over here,” he shouted at the others amid the fighting and confusion.
	Mabrey and ten other Rangers were following the trail and it led them to the entrance of a cave in the side of a rocky hill where the Indians’ camp was. Mabrey charged up to the entrance on his horse and started firing inside.
	“They’re in here! Kill ‘em,” he yelled at the others while firing inside the cave.
	The Rangers started shooting into the entrance of the cave although it was dark inside and they could not see anything. One of the Comanches stepped out from behind a tree near the entrance and shot an arrow that hit Mabrey in the ribs. Mabrey fell from his horse in pain and the Indian let out a blood curdling war cry and rushed toward the other Rangers armed with only a spear. He threw the spear striking one man, but the others opened fire killing him. Another Comanche climbed upon a big rock above the entrance of the cave and started shooting at the Rangers below with arrows. He managed to hit three of them before a Ranger shot him. He fell from the rock landing in front of the Rangers at the entrance of the cave.
	Zack was alone on the top of the hill when he saw one of the Comanche trying to escape. He chased after him on his horse, but lost sight of him as he zigzagged through the brush. The Indian had been wounded and Zack tracked him using the blood trail. The wound was slowing the Indian down and Zack was now just a few feet behind him on his horse. The Comanche suddenly stopped and turned around to face him. He was standing tall and proud waiting for death as Zack aimed his Henry rifle at him, but he eased the hammer down and lowered the rifle. “I know you’ve seen me before because I’ve seen you watchin’ me. You’ve had the chance to kill me and do harm to my family, but you’ve always left us alone.” He took his canteen from his saddle horn and threw it at the Indian’s feet. “Now, I’m returnin’ the favor...take that and go somewhere and hide.”
	The Comanche stood there looking at Zack confused and having no idea of what he had just said to him. Zack reined his horse around and rode on leaving the Indian standing there watching him leave. The Comanche groaned in pain as he bent over to pick up the canteen and then disappeared into the brush.










CHAPTER 9

Harrisonville, Texas

	Walter stopped his horse in front of the general store. He got off the animal, tied him and walked inside the store where Raymond, the storekeeper, watched him enter. Walter smiled when he saw the clerk watching him. “Good mornin’, Raymond, I’ve come to pay my bill.”
	“Your bill is pretty high this month. Did you go over to Austin and rob a bank?” Raymond joked.
	“Not hardly,” Walter grinned. “I expected that it would be high with all the work we’ve been doin’ out there.”
	Raymond opened his accounts books and looked up Walter’s name. “It comes to sixty-three dollars and thirty-five cents.”
	Walter shook his head when he heard the balance and then reached in his pocket. “Dang, you know, you just can’t make any improvements without spendin’ some money.”
	Raymond watched while Walter counted out the money. There was something he was supposed to tell him, but he dreaded it because he really liked Walter. “Walter, I don’t know how to tell you this,” he began nervously. “Mister Harrison told me to tell you to not be sendin’ your negroes in here to pick up stuff for you. He told me that I’m not to let them charge anything else to you even if you do pay your bill on time. He said that he didn’t want them niggers comin’ into town for anything.”
	Walter looked at Raymond for a moment before handing him the money. “Harrison is sure takin’ himself serious these days.”
	“I’m sorry, Walter, but you know how he is.”
	“I know it ain’t your fault,” Walter told him. “I just feel sorry for you havin’ to work for a man like that...they don’t come much sorrier than him.” He turned around and started leaving the store. “I’ll be seein’ you Raymond.”
	Walter walked out of the store. He looked up and down the street looking for that scoundrel Harrison. He saw him with Turner coming out of the sheriff’s office with sheriff Warren Jackson following after them. Walter untied his horse and led the animal over to them. 
	Harrison looked over and saw Walter coming toward them and smiled. “You just won’t believe the good news and I want to be the first to tell you about it....We’re gonna open us a bank right here in our little town and Bob Turner here is gonna run it for us,” he smiled proudly.
	Walter was not amused. “How come you told Raymond not to let my hired hands charge anything at the store?” he asked. “I pay my bills...ain’t ever missed a time. I would go somewhere else to buy my supplies, but we both know that would mean an extra day’s ride.”
	“Now, see here, Walter, I’m tryin’ my best to build us a town here that we can all be proud of. I work hard for the betterment of this community,” Harrison explained. “It was bad enough when you brought your negro whore to church with you and your wife, but now, you’ve hired a bunch of niggers to live and work on your place and while that might be good for you, I, for one, don’t want them in my town!”
	“What are you, Lingstrum, a champion of niggers?” Turner asked. “My God, man, you fought for the Confederacy, why don’t you act like it?”
	“Don’t talk to me about the Confederacy,” Walter shouted. “You had your head so far up Harrison’s butt that you didn’t even know that there was a war goin’ on until it was over!”
	“Just keep your niggers out of town or I’ll have Sheriff Jackson arrest them,” Harrison warned.
	“On what charges?” Walter snapped.
	“Vagrancy,” sheriff Jackson answered quickly. “Ain’t you ever heard of the Black Codes? I can arrest any one of your niggers who comes into town here and fine ‘em fifty dollars and if they can’t pay it, I can make ‘em work for Mister Harrison here until the fine is paid.”
	Walter looked at him as if he couldn’t believe what he had just heard. “But if you did that, you’d have niggers in your town here.”
	“That’s enough,” Harrison shouted. “It’s time for you to get out of town or I’ll-”
	“Or you’ll what?” Walter interrupted. “Hide behind these two worthless bastards when I start shootin’?” He looked over the three men knowing that the three of them wouldn’t have the courage to draw a weapon on him. “I can’t stand you damned people!” He climbed on his horse and started riding out of town while Jackson, Turner and Harrison stood there watching him leave.
	“There goes an angry man,” Turner commented.
	“And a nigger lover too,” Jackson added.
	Harrison shook his head and sighed. “Our little problems with Lingstrum are about to come to an end because help is on the way. I’ve contacted some people and hired three men.” He suddenly laughed and slapped his companions on the shoulder. “Not only will they take care of our nigger problem, they’ll get rid of the Mexicans too!”

	Conley, Red and Myles rode into the town of Harrisonville looking like the vermin that they were. They were the gunmen that Harrison had sent for. They were dirty, unshaven and tired as well as dangerous. They tied their horses in front of the saloon and walked inside. The other patrons watched them and were afraid to say anything to them. There had been rumors going around town that Harrison had hired some Klansmen, but these three were not members of the Klan. The Klan wouldn’t have wanted them.
	Conley was the undisputed leader of the trio. He grabbed a bottle of whiskey from the bar without asking and sat down at a table. Red and Myles followed after him. He took a drink from the bottle and passed to his friends. 	“Does anybody here know a man by the name of John Harrison?” he asked the others in the saloon.
	“We all know him...he owns most of this town,” one of the patrons informed him. “That’s why it’s called Harrisonville.”
	Conley looked over at him and smiled. “Well, I suggest that you go get him.”
	“May I ask who you are and what your business is?” the patron asked nervously.
	“My name is Conley and it ain’t none of your damned business why I want to see him,” he answered as he turned up the bottle for another drink.
	The man rushed out the door and Myles looked around the saloon and the other customers. “What do you damned people do for fun around here?”
	“Hell, I’ll bet they don’t even know what fun is,” laughed Red.
	Thinking it was Harrison, they all turned around to face the door when Sheriff Jackson walked in. “My name is Jackson, I’m the sheriff here.”
	“I asked for John Harrison, not nobody wearin’ a damned badge,” Conley told him.
	“Mister Harrison will be here shortly,” Jackson told them. “He’s been expectin’ you.”
	Myles looked at his companions with a smile on his face. “Hey, boys, reckon Harrison will get us a little badge to wear too?”
	“Hell, he just might,” laughed Red.
	Harrison stepped inside the saloon and smiled at the men. “Gentlemen, I’m glad to see that you’ve made it. I’ve been looking forward to meeting you.”
	Conley looked up at him as he neared their table and pushed out a chair with his foot for him to sit down. “Lets get down to business,” he told Harrison. “We came here ‘cause you said you had a nigger problem. How many do you have and what’s it worth to you to get rid of ‘em?”
	“Since the war’s been over there’s been lots of them passin’ through and some of them are findin’ work on local farms and ranches,” Harrison explained and then smiled. “It seems like all of the Southern States are sendin’ their niggers to Texas.”
	“Really?” Myles asked sarcastically. “We’ve still got plenty of ‘em left where I’m from.”
	Conley thought for a moment and took another drink. “We’ll be glad to help you out, but we’ve got to get a little something for our troubles.”
	“Gentlemen, my little drinkin’ establishment that you’re sittin’ in is the best saloon this side of Austin and the rooms upstairs would rival any hotel,” Harrison said proudly. “All of your drinks, all of your food and your rooms are free of charge durin’ your stay here. I’ll see to it that you can get anything you want.” He suddenly laughed and stood up from his chair. “Hell, I’ll even dig up a few whores for you! All of that, plus fifty cents a day and when the job is done, I’ll take you to Austin and buy you a ticket to anywhere you want.”
	Conley smiled and nodded his head in agreement.

















CHAPTER 10

	For over a month, Conley, Myles and Red had been living the easy life and Harrison was not too pleased with the results. He walked came to the saloon with his pals, Turner and Jackson. “Howdy, boss,” Conley greeted from his favorite table.
	Harrison walked over to the table. “Mister Conley, there are a few things I'd like to 	discuss with you.”
	“Sit down and tell us your troubles. We're all ears.”
	Harrison sat down at the table with Conley, Myles and Red. Turner sat down at another table while Jackson stood nearby with his hand on his revolver. Myles and Red looked at each other and laughed while they sat there watching Jackson. “Watch out for that gun,“ Myles told Jackson with a smile. “That thing might go off and you'd shoot yourself by accident.” He suddenly laughed. We'd sure hate for that to happen!”
	Harrison turned around to Jackson. “Warren, sit.”
	Jackson did as he was told and sat down at the table with Turner.
	“What can we help you with?” Conley asked knowing that Harrison was wanting to gripe.
	“Gentlemen, you've been here for several weeks now drinkin' and whorin' at my expense and so far, there's nothing much to show for it besides scaring the devil of out the townspeople and runnin' a few Mexicans off,” Harrison complained.
	“You ain’t happy with us, boss?” Myles asked innocently.
	“Don't forget that wagonload of niggers we run off,”  Conley reminded him laughing. “We had them fools so scared, there's probably still runnin' them mules!”
	“Still I don't feel like I'm gettin' my money's worth,” Harrison said nervously. “I demand more for my money.”
	“And more is just what you'll get when you've got somethin' that needs doin',” Conley told him.
	Myles winked at Conley and smiled. “You bet' cha!”
	“Is there anything we can do for you today?” Conley asked Harrison.
	“As a matter of fact, there is. A man that works for me informed me that Walter Lingstrum left 	yesterday for Fort Worth to buy cattle. As you know, he has been a thorn in my side around here for quite some time. In fact, him and his niggers are the very reason you men are here in the first place,” Harrison told them.
	“He's also the one that you told us to stay away from until you say different,” Conley said.
	“Well, I’m tellin’ you different now,” Harrison said looking around the men at the table. “While he's gone is a perfect time for ya'll to go out to his place and get rid of all those niggers he has out there workin' for him.”
	“Consider it done,” smiled Conley.
				
	 Caleb, his wife and children were all asleep in their house and were awakened when a burning torch came crashing through the front room window. Caleb quickly got out of bed, grabbed the torch and ran outside with it where Conley, Red and Myles were waiting on their horses. They were all wearing hoods over their heads and Red and Myles were still holding their torches. Caleb could not believe his eyes when he saw them. “What are ya'll...spooks?” he shouted at them.
	“That's right and we've come to haunt your ass right out of here,” Conley shouted back.
	“What ya'll want 'round here? I knows you ain't no spooks,” Caleb told them. “This here is Mister Walter's land and I works for him!”
	Myles handed his torch to Conley. “Come on over a little closer to us, nigger, so we can talk.”
	Caleb cautiously stepped closer to them and Myles popped him across the face with his bullwhip. “Does that bring back old memories for you, boy?”
	Caleb’s wife came out of the house with a shotgun aiming it right for Myles, Conley and Red. “Ya’ll get outta here and leave us alone!”
	The men all calmly sit on their horses and watch her. Conley looked down at Caleb. “You tell your woman to get back in the house or were gonna burn this place down with your family in it. And, if they try to run, we'll shoot 'em when they come out!”
	“Get back on in the house,” Caleb shouted at his wife. She lowered the shotgun and went inside shaking her head.
	“You're a good boy,” Conley said to Caleb.
	“You go to hell,” Caleb said defiantly.
	Just then, Myles roped Caleb around the shoulders and shouted, “We're gonna go to hell alright, but we're gonna take you with us!” Myles spurred his horse and pulled Caleb along with the rope. Caleb had to run as fast as he could to keep up, but he stumbled and fell. Myles drug him the rest of the way to a camp that they had set up in the woods.
	“Tie that son of a bitch to that tree over there” Conley ordered Myles when they arrived at the camp. 
	Myles got down from his horse and did what he was told. “Don’t worry,” he said to Caleb as he finished tying him. “We’ll be back with all your friends before you get lonesome.” He laughed as he walked back to his horse and got on. They rode off into the darkness leaving Caleb there alone.

	The wives of Josh, Caleb and Fats had gathered in Lizzie’s front yard telling Lizzie and Emma about the abductions of their husbands. Lizzie, who was obviously pregnant, was armed with a shotgun and standing on her porch with Emma at her side when Red, Myles and Conley arrived at the Lingstrum house and Lizzie pointed the gun at the men when they rode up. “You'd better get off my land and leave my workers alone,” she yelled at them and pulled the hammer back on the shotgun. “Go back to wherever you come from!”
	“We've come to remind you that woman that lives with you that she's just a nigger,” Conley shouted out.
	Lizzie stepped down from the porch holding the shotgun steady into their direction. ‘You demons from hell get off of my property or I'm gonna blow you off with this gun!”
	“We heard in town that you was a real nigger lover,” Red told her. “We heard that you love that bitch more than you do your old man!”
	Lizzie was just about to pull the trigger on the shotgun when Myles popped her across the shoulder with his bullwhip. The gun went off, but missed the men. Conley spurred his horse making the animal jump hitting Lizzie and knocking her down. Myles jumped down from his horse and got the shotgun while Red rode into the yard and threw his rope around Emma who was still standing on the porch. Myles walked over to Lizzie who was still laying on the ground and kicked her in the stomach. He pulled her head up by her hair and slapped her hard in the face. He then stood up straight and kicked her two more times in the stomach before Red rode up leading Emma.
	Conley looked over and saw Myles kicking Lizzie and shouted, “Leave her alone! You don't wanna kill her...we've got the one we want right here.”
	Myles looked up and saw Emma. “Damn, you're a pretty one...No wonder Walter Lingstrum likes havin' you around so much!”
	“Well, I ain’t gonna drag this one,” Red laughed telling the others. “I don’t wanna peel of that pretty dark skin!”

	They all arrived back at the camp where Caleb, Fats and Josh were tied to trees with ropes. Conley got off his horse and walked up to Emma and smiled. “I’m gonna be your new lover.” 
	Red just shook his head and walked over to where the campfire was and put some more wood on it. Myles joined in on the fun with Conley and Emma.
	“You’re fixin' to get to know us real good,” he grinned.
	“The bitch is mine first,” Conley snapped at him. 
	Red sat a pot of tar on the campfire to boil and looked impatiently over at Conley and Myles. “Ya'll come on over here and let's do this first!”
	Conley looked over at Red and elbowed Myles. “Damn, that Red...he's strictly business!”
	Myles laughed and Conley tied Emma’s hands behind her back. He took another rope and made a hangman’s noose with it and put it around her neck. He gave the other end of the rope to Myles to tie to a tree. “Now, this knot is gonna draw up real tight around your neck if you try and run off while we're workin' over there,” Conley told her with a smile. “I don't want you to get all choked down before I get back.” He turned and walked over to the campfire with Myles.
	“In tha name of that Lawd, please let us be,” Josh called out from the tree where he was tied.
	“Please, while no harm’s been done,” Fats pleaded from where he was tied. “ If'n you'd just let us go, we'd never say nuthin' to nobody!”
	“You ain't gonna say nuthin' to nobody no how,” Conley shouted at Fats. “If you do, you'll be good and dead!”
	Josh summoned all of his strength to break the ropes as he stood there. “Oh, God, please give me the strength, dear Lawd,” he prayed aloud.
	“What did you say?” “Conley shouted at him.
	“I wuz talkin' to God askin' him to give me strength like he did for Samson when he broke down the pillars of the temple and defeated the Philistines,” Josh explained.
	Conley seemed suddenly upset. “Are you preachin' to me, boy?”
	Josh stared straight ahead refusing to look at him. Conley pulled his pistol and shot him in the leg, but Josh refused to show any pain and continued to stare straight ahead refusing to look at him. “I will not be preached to by a nigger,” he shouted. He took aim and shot Josh in the head. 
	“Damn, we wadn't supposed to kill 'em,” Myles shouted at Conley.
	Conley turned around to face Myles. “I might kill all of 'em before this night is over.” He then joined Red and Myles at the campfire.
	Red looked up from his boiling tar on the campfire and over to Fats. “Bring me that fat one over here and we'll get started,” he said to Myles.
	Myles laughed as he walked over to the tree and began to untie the knots that held Fats. “He's gonna look like a big, fat turkey when we get through with him!” Conley walked over to help Myles and they drug Fats over to the fire where Red was once again stirring the pot of hot tar. They tore Fat’s clothes off and threw him down to the ground and held him there while Red began pouring the tar on him. Fats screamed out in pain as the tar burned his flesh, but the men showed no mercy. When he was coated with tar, Red picked up a sack full of feathers and poured them on him. They all laughed as Fats rolled around in pain coated in feathers and crying. 
	Conley stopped laughing and turned to Caleb. He walked over to the horses and got his bullwhip before walking over to where Caleb was tied. “It's your turn now...what do you think your punishment should be?” he asked rubbing the handle of the bullwhip on Caleb’s cheek. Caleb refused to answer or even look at him. “Do you know what all of this is about, boy? It's about you bein' a nigger and comin' here to live like a white man.” Angry because Caleb refused to look at him, he hit Caleb across the face with the handle of the whip. “It's about you thinkin' that since you was a free man that you could go anywhere you want and do what you want. Well, I'm here to tell you that you can't! I'm here to put you in your place. As long as there's people like me around, you'll always be just another nigger!”
	Caleb had heard enough. He made eye contact with Conley and stared at him for a moment. “Mistah, please go on and kill me so I won't hasta listen to you talk no more.”
	Without a word, Conley took a few steps back and began beating Caleb with the whip. Again and again, he lashed him until he grew tired. He then handed the whip to Myles who started beating him. Just as Myles was about to give the whip to Red, Caleb passed out and the beating stopped. Caleb’s face, chest, neck and stomach was a bloody mess and the blood was dripping down to the ground by his feet.
	“Damn, Red,” Conley smiled. “Sorry you didn’t get your turn, but let's go on over here and have some real fun.”
	Red smiled as he followed Conley to where Emma was tied. “Mister Walter is gonna kill ya'll for what you've done,” she shouted as they neared her.
	Myles rushed up and slapped her hard. “I don't wanna hear no lip outta you!” He was about to slap her again when Conley grabbed his arm.
	“We don't wanna beat her up too much 'cause we're gonna keep this little woman around a few days to love on,” he told Myles.








CHAPTER 11

	Conley, Red and Myles were back at the saloon gathered around their favorite table drinking. Sitting in the floor by the table was Emma. She had been beaten and obviously raped. Her clothes were torn and dirty and the hangman’s noose was still around her neck with the other end of the rope tied to Conley’s chair. Her face was severely bruised, her eyes blacken by the beatings that she had endured, her lips were still bleeding and her hands were tied behind her back. 
	Harrison stormed into the saloon with Turner and Jackson. He had heard the news that the three bad men had brought the black woman to town and was very upset. “Why did you fools bring that woman here?” he shouted at Conley as he stepped up at the table.
	“We made her our love slave,” Conley smiled looking up at him.
	“Get her out of here,” Harrison shouted. “People all over town are talkin’ about this!”
	Conley shrugged his shoulders. “We just did what you wanted us to do, boss.”
	“You should've been there, boss,” Myles added. “We had us a real good time!”
	Harrison glanced down at Emma and then back over to Conley. “I'll give you the rest of your pay and then I want you men out of my town!”
	“Damn, cool off,” Myles told Harrison. “You’re the one that hired us to do a job and now that it's done, you're treatin' us like bastards at a family reunion.”
	Conley looked up at Harrison and smiled. “He's right. We ain't gonna be treated this way. I'll tell you what...you pay up and we'll leave your damned little town whenever we get good and ready.”
	Sheriff Jackson suddenly pulled his pistol and pointed it at Conley. “You'll leave when Mister Harrison says to!”
	Red quickly and calmly pulled his pistol and shot Jackson through the chest. Harrison watched on in horror as Jackson fell to the floor and died in a pool of blood. Turner turned and ran for the door leaving Harrison alone with the three men. Myles, Conley and Red all laugh at Turner’s fast exit. “You’d better follow your friend if you value your life,” Conley told Harrison. 
	Without another word, Harrison hurried for the door. 
	“Imagine that, our own boss tellin’ us to leave,” Conley smiled after Harrison was gone.“
	“Hell, I guess he don't know that we ain't got no place to go,” Myles said pouring himself another drink.
	“I guess not,” Conley said as he looked down at Emma and patted her on the head. “Besides, why would we want to leave our own little piece of heaven?”

	Walter was thrilled to be home again as he was trying to pen his new cows that he had bought in Fort Worth up in the corral and get to the house to see Lizzie. He had been gone for almost three weeks and was eager to catch up on the latest news of his wife’s pregnancy. He saw Caleb’s wife running out to the pens to meet him just as he was closing the gate. She began crying when she reached him.
	“Oh, Mistah Lingstrum, I shore hate to tell you all of this, but Josh is dead, Caleb has been nearly beat to death and Fats is in pitiful shape. These men came and burnt all of our houses and they stole Miz Emma right off the front porch. They beat Miz Lizzie so bad that she lost the baby!”
	Walter didn’t wait to hear anymore, he got back on his horse and spurred the animal headed for Harrisonville. 

	Conley, Red and Myles were in their usual spot in the saloon with Emma still sitting in the floor with the noose around her neck. “It’s been damned near two weeks now and I was	 wonderin’ when you’re gonna get rid of this bitch,” Myles complained to Conley. “Dammit, she stinks! At least give her a bath if you’re gonna keep her around!”
	The doors to the saloon opened and Walter slowly walked in. The three men looked him over, but they did not have any idea of who he was since they had never seen Walter before. The bartender knew him, but said nothing as Walter walked over and he poured him a drink at the bar. He drank it quickly and waited for the bartender to pour him another one. When his drink was filled, he slowly turned around to face the men sitting at the table. He and Emma made eye contact and she quickly looked away with tears rolling down her face.
	“Where you been, drifter?” Myles asked breaking the silence.
	“Out west,” Walter answered calmly.
	“Where at out west?” Conley asked.
	“Far enough to make me turn around and come back east,” Walter answered before downing his whiskey and turning around for the bartender to pour him another one.
	“Well, we were kinda thinkin’ about goin’ out west,” Myles said. “I’m wonderin’ what made you came back?”
	“Indians.”
	“Indians?” Myles asked.
	Walter nodded his head. “I wouldn’t mind goin’ out that way again if I had somebody to ride with.”
	Conley laughed, looked over at his friends and laughed even harder. “Hell, we’ll ride with you,” he shouted and kicked out a chair with his foot. “Come on over here and sit down with us. Hell, let’s talk about goin’ out west.”
	Walter slowly walked over to the table, but did not sit down. He looked down at Emma who refused to look at him. “How come you got her?”
	“Aw, she ain’t nuthin’, but my love slave,” smiled Conley as he reached down and patted Emma on the head softly. “Ain’t that right, honey?” Conley looked down at her expecting an answer and took his eyes off of Walter, which was just long enough for Walter to pull his pistol and shoot Conley right in the forehead. Myles and Red pulled their guns and fired. A bullet hit Walter in the left arm and Walter fired again shooting Red in the chest. Myles got up and scrambled for the door. Walter fired again and hit him in the leg. Myles fell through the doors and rolled outside trying to get away. He managed to get to his feet and limp a few steps before Walter followed him outside and shot him in the back. Myles rolled over and tried to point his gun at Walter, but Walter fired again and hit him in the forearm knocking the gun out of his hand.
	“Why you wanna kill me?” Myles screamed at Walter as he walked up to point blank range. He offered no explanation as he pulled the trigger and shot Myles through the head.




















CHAPTER 12

	Zack and Emily along with their new baby, George, were attending a party at the Ranger outpost. The Buck Creek community was beginning to grow and prosper since the all of the Indians were gone and people could live there without the fear of an attack. There were rumors that the Rangers would soon be leaving since they were no longer needed there. 
	Sergeant Mason saw Zack and walked over to greet him. “How you doin’, Zack?” he smiled. “Hey, congratulations on that new baby boy.”
	“Thank you,” Zack smiled proudly.
	“You know, there’s somethin’ I’ve been wantin’ to ask you,” Mason began in a serious tone. “Are you layin’ claim on that piece of land a couple of miles to your south?”
	“Oh, hell no,” Zack answered with a chuckle. “I’ve run some cows down that way, but it’s all open country as far as I’m concerned.”
	“That’s good because I’ve thinkin’ on quittin’ the Rangers and settlin’ down here,” he smiled and then suddenly laughed, “I’ve been thinkin’ about gettin married too!”
	“Hell, I didn’t know that there was any available women around here,” smiled Zack.
	A beaming Mason grabbed him by the elbow and led him over to a table where a Comanche woman, called Yellow Flower, was picking up plates. She was one of the squaws that the Rangers had found in the cave that day when they fought the Indians. She had been taken as a prisoner by the Rangers and helped Mason recuperate from his injuries. She was not a pretty woman, she was heavy and strong as a man, but Mason had come to be enchanted by her. He walked up behind her and tapped her on the shoulder to get her attention while she worked clearing the tables. “This here is Zack Parsons,” he said as she turned around. There was fear of the unknown in her eyes as she turned around. “This is Yellow Flower,” he introduced her to Zack. “I’ve been teachin’ her English while she took care of me when I was still crippled up from them arrows...I’ve grown quite fond of her.” 
	“Hello,” Zack nodded and grinned shyly.
	“Yellow Flower, say somethin’ to ole Zack here,” Mason smiled.
	“Hello,” she said very quietly as if she were unsure of her words.
	“So, you wanna marry ole Mason, huh” Zack joked.
	Yellow Flower took a moment to process what he had said. “Me no know...him crazy! He say he love me...I say no good! No good for Comanche woman to be wife of white man!” As she was talking, she saw Captain Mabrey walking over to them. Her eyes widened as if she were afraid. “Me work now,” she said and quickly went back to cleaning the table.
	Mason and Zack watched as Mabrey walked up to them in his swaggering manner. “Here comes a jackass,” Mason said under his breath.
	“Sergeant Mason, what have I told you about fraternizin’ with that woman?” Mabrey asked annoyed at his sergeant. “You know very well that I am in the process of makin’ arrangements to send all the non combative Indians to a reservation and still, you flirt with that squaw!” He took a deep breath and slowly let it out. “I am now givin’ you a direct order to leave that woman alone. You will do as I say or you will turn in your resignation!”
	“That’s just what I’m gonna do,” Mason said angrily. “I can’t tolerate you and your arrogance anymore! I’m quittin’ the Rangers, marryin’ that squaw, as you call her, and we’re gonna live right here!”
	“That squaw and her child are goin’ to a reservation,” Mason snapped. “Is that clear to you?”
	“Go to hell,” Mason shouted.
	Mabrey looked at him as if he couldn’t believe what he had just heard. 	“Sergeant, you are relieved of your duties!”
	“I said I quit, didn’t I?” Mason shouted. “And you ain’t sendin’ Yellow Flower anywhere!”
	Mabrey looked down at the ground trying to regain his composure. “My orders were and still are to get rid of all the Comanches in this area.”
	“I don’t give a damned about you or your orders,” Mason said quickly. 	“I’m leavin’ here today with that woman and her child and if you ever try to come get ‘em, you’ll find that it won’t be as easy as shootin’ Indians without guns in a cave! Is that clear, Captain?”
	“I’ll have you arrested for threatenin’ me,” Mabrey said.
	Mason shook his head and turned to Zack. “Can you spare us some room in your barn until I can build us somethin’ to live in?”
	Zack shrugged his shoulders. “I don’t see why not.”
	“You’re both a couple of fools,” Mabrey said shaking his head in disgust. He turned to leave, but Zack grabbed him by the arm and did not let go when Mabrey tried to pull away.
	“I don’t take it too lightly when peple start callin’ me names...especially people that I don’t like,” Zack told him in a low voice. “To tell the truth, I never did like you and I started likin’ you a lot less that day you gave your men orders to start shootin’ in that cave and
ended up killing some of those women and children. You knew danged well that any Indian worth his salt would be fightin’ instead of hidin’ in that cave.”
	Mabrey jerked his arm away from him. “Not that I owe you any sort of explanation, but I was simply following my orders from my superiors and doing the job that I was sent here to do. I gave the command that day and I don’t regret it. That’s the difference between you and me...I am not afraid of acceptin’ my responsibilities and that’s what makes me a good Texas Ranger. On the other hand, you’re not fit to be a Texas Ranger!”
	Zack shook his head. “Hell, I never wanted to be no Ranger! Havin’ to put up with people like you is exactly why I wouldn’t wanna be. You’re the one that came to me askin’ for my help.” He turned and started walking away. “See if I ever help you again.”

	Yellow Flower’s daughter didn’t even have a name. Well, she had a name, but it was in Comanche and no one could say it or even knew what it meant other than her Mother. Mason thought long and hard on what to call her while he worked daily on the house he was building for them to live in as a family and had decided on Lena. From what he could tell, she was about twelve years old. She was an obedient child, but knew even less English than her Mother. Tom had taken a liking to her since she was about his age and he made himself her official English teacher while they lived in Zack’s barn.
	Zack did help Mason as much as he could with the construction of the house, but he was always eager to get back to his ranch work. He was extremely proud of his efforts. He had the best cattle for miles around and had built Emily a good looking as well as functional home. He worked everyday and loved every minute of it, but he was always eager to get home in the evening and spend time with Emily and their new son.
	He thought of the family that he lost during the war on a daily basis and wished that he would see the survivors again one day. He knew that his brother Henry was somewhere in Texas, but where? He knew the chances of ever seeing him were slim, but at least the possibility was there.
	Just like the possibility of ever seeing Walter Lingstrum again. He had not seen Walter since the Battle of the Five Forks during the war, and then out of nowhere, there he was eating supper at the same café that he was while he was in Fort Worth buying cattle. Walter sat down with him that night and they talked about Five Forks and how they both thought that they had a good chance of whipping General Grant that day by attacking the left flank. They both agreed that they had to be fools for thinking that the South still had a chance to win the war at that point especially since they were outnumbered two to one, but they did give the Yankees a hell of a fight. They remembered that after the battle was over that Zack promised that he would come see Walter in Blanco County one day, but Zack still didn’t know where exactly Blanco County was.
	Before they parted company that night, Zack did give Walter detailed instructions on how he could find his place in Buck Creek community and told him that he was easy to find because there wasn’t that many people in there. Walter said that he would visit someday and before they parted that night, he thanked Zack for saving his life at the Five Forks.






























CHAPTER 12

	The gunshot wound in Walter’s arm had had healed for the most part, but the emotional wounds to Lizzie and Emma had not. Lizzie was in a state of depression over the miscarriage that was caused from the vicious kicks to the stomach from Myles. Emma was traumatized from being kidnapped and raped repeatedly by those heartless men. Lizzie was quite certain that she would never try to have another child. Emma was certain that she would never be able to trust any man. As for Walter, killing those men caused no guilt, they deserved what they got, but what bothered him more than anything was to see the emotional state that the women were in. 
	Caleb had recovered from his whip wounds and was able to go back to work. Fats, on the other hand, was still having problems healing. He was badly scarred from the burns and on some areas of his body, he wasn’t even black anymore, but a bright pink. Josh’s widow and her children at stayed on at Walter’s ranch, they had no where else to go, and she worked at the Lingstrum house doing the cooking and cleaning since Lizzie and Emma were unable to do so.
	Walter had come up with a plan to help the women and that plan was to load them up on a wagon and travel to Buck Creek to see his friend Zack. He told Caleb that he was in charge of the ranch instructing him to do what he could and not worry about the rest. He then went to the house and walked into the bedroom where Lizzie was laying on the bed in a sullen mood. “Get up off that bed and pack up what you deem necessary ’cause we’re gonna take a trip. Everyday is like a death in the family with you and Emma around here and I think it’s time for a change.”
	Lizzie didn’t move or say anything, she just looked at him without raising her head. Walter walked over to the bed and sat down on the edge. “Now, I'm real sorry for what happened to ya'll and I know you've got some painful memories, but I think we should get on with our lives.”
	He was happy to see a little spark of interest in Lizzie’s eyes. “Where would we go?” she asked weakly.
	“Buck Creek,” he answered without hesitation and smiled. “I've got a friend from the war that lives up there.”
	Lizzie wasn’t thrilled to hear his answer. She was hoping that they would go to the coast or to perhaps Colorado or just about anywhere else, but a trip just to go to another ranch in Texas? “And you expect me and Emma to pack up and go with you to see this friend?”
	“Yes, I do,“ he answered. “It'll do you good to get away from here for a while.”
	Lizzie finally sat up on the bed and looked at him as if she thought he was crazy. “You know, Walter, I ain’t been off of this ranch in years, and before that, when we got married, we didn’t even go on a honeymoon and after all this time, the only trip you can think of to take me on is to go visit a damned ranch up in Indian country?”
	There was a smile on Walter’s face when he turned and walked out the door. Lizzie may not have been all that thrilled about the trip’s location, but he had gotten a rise out of her.
	Emma was sitting in a rocking chair in her room staring out the window when Lizzie suddenly walked in. “You need to get packed up.”
	“Why?”
	“Walter is taking us on a trip,” Lizzie explained.
	“Runnin' away from your troubles sure don't make them go away,” Emma told her.
	“Are you gonna go or are you gonna sit there and philosophize?” Lizzie asked and left to go pack her own things.

	Much to Walter’s delight, Lizzie did seem to be somewhat refreshed mentally as they traveled through the beautiful Texas countryside in the wagon. “So, tell us about that friend of your’s that we’re going to see.”
	“Zack Parsons and I had made friends fightin' together durin' the war,” he began. “We went with everybody else and gathered at a place near Petersburg, Virginia at what they were goin' to call the Battle of the Five Forks. It was General Lee's last attack of the war. All of us boys knew it was over, but we were big enough 	fools to think that we could still whip them Yankee boys.” He stopped and cleared his throat. He couldn’t help to get somewhat emotional talking about it. “What we didn't know that Generals Grant and Sheridan had joined forces. Anyway, we was all fightin' and we run out of ammunition, so we was hittin' 'em with the butt end of our rifles and runnin' 'em through with bayonets.” His voiced cracked and he was embarrassed about letting his feelings show.
	Lizzie lovingly patted him on the shoulder. “Go ahead and finish your story.”
	“I had just killed this Yankee boy when this other one runs up behind me and knocks me down. I was 	layin' there lookin' up at him and he was about to stab me with his bayonet. I don't know why he was hesitatin’ other than he was just a kid, but it was enough time for Zack to come up and shoot him with his .45. He saved my life that day. Eight days after that, General Lee surrendered and all of us were paroled to go home.”
	“That's the first time you ever told us anything about the war” Lizzie said. “I'd like to hear some more about it.”
	“Shoot, there ain't nothin' much to tell when it all boils down to it. There's just a lot of good men from both sides that died,” Walter shrugged as he wiped a tear from his eye. “I've got demons in my head from that war...demons that I'll be chasin around for the rest of my life.”
	Emma sat there listening to the story as she looked off thoughtfully at the countryside. “I guess we all got them same demons now,” she said after a moment.

	It was hard for Zack to believe that Tom was thirteen years old and soon to be fourteen. He had his chores and was excellent help around the ranch, but Zack made sure that he gave Tom all the time he could for just being a boy and that was something that Zack never had. Tom still had his paint horse and he went for a long ride each and every day. 
	Zack was busy loading rocks onto the wagon from some flatland pasture that he was planning on making a field when Tom came galloping up on his horse. “There's somebody comin',” he shouted as he pulled the horse to a stop. Zack looked up and wiped the sweat from his face with his sleeve and smiled at the boy. “There's a wagon comin' this way,” Tom informed him in a lower tone.
	Zack shook his head and laughed. “You know, boy, you ought to become a scout. There ain't hardly a thing that can go on out in these hills without you knowin' it.”
	Tom nodded and patted his horse’s neck. “Well, I wouldn't mind workin' for the Rangers.”
	“An honorable occupation,” Zack said as he saw the wagon coming over the top of the hill. “Aw, hell, it looks like more danged settlers.”
	“Can I go out and meet 'em and offer 'em a drink of water?” Tom asked.
	“What if they don't wanna stop here? Not everybody that comes through here wants to stop at our house first.”
	“I just want to welcome them.”
	“In that case, go on,” Zack laughed.
	Tom kicked his horse and ran off toward the approaching wagon. Walter pulled his reins to stop the horses when Tom reached them. Lizzie and Emma smiled at him causing Tom to blush. “Welcome,” he said shyly.
	“Thank you, boy. Looks like you're a one man welcomin' committee,” Walter grinned. “Would you happen to know a man by the name of Zack Parsons?”
	Tom pointed to the man down the hill and in the flat. “That's him over yonder.”
	Walter smiled and nodded.

	They had gathered out behind Zack’s house under the big oak tree drinking water and visiting. “Ya’ll are gonna stay with us a few days, right?” Zack asked. “My barn is already fixed up for people to live in. My neighbor just moved out of it just a few days back.”
	Emily felt like she had to explain what Zack was talking about. “The neighbor he’s talkin' about was one of the Rangers they had here at the outpost. He took an Indian woman for his wife,” she told Lizzie and Emma.
	Tom was sitting by Emily looking back and forth from Lizzie to Emma. He thought they were the most beautiful women he had ever seen in his life. Emma pretended not to notice him, but Lizzie winked at him. Tom blushed and looked away with a grin on his face. Emily noticed what was going on. “You'll have to excuse Tom...he hasn't been around very many women.” Tom summoned all of his courage and boldly winked back at Lizzie and then jumped to his feet and ran away.

	Emma arrived at the creek carrying a towel and a change of clothes. The clear water seemed inviting as she unbuttoned her dress and slipped it off. She waded out into the cool water until she was waist deep and then began scrubbing herself with soap. After she had lathered up, she swam out into the deep water rinsing herself off and climbed on top of a large flat rock that stuck up out of the water. She smiled as she laid there thinking of herself as like a turtle in the warm sunshine listening to the birds chirp and the gentle wind blowing through the trees. A rustling of leaves broke this moment of tranquility and she quickly jumped back into the water to hide her nakedness. She was certain that someone was hidden in the trees watching her and she dog paddled her way back across the creek near her clothes. She waited there with only her head stuck up out of the water and looked back across the creek where she first heard the sound. She watched for any movement in the thick trees, but didn’t see anything. After a moment, she heard a horse snort and she suddenly spotted Tom’s horse hidden there. 
	“You nasty little devil,” she shouted indignantly while looking around for Tom. “Boy, you better get out of here! What in the world do you mean sneakin' off down here to look at me while I was takin' a bath? You just wait until I tell your folks!”
	She could hear Tom running through the trees and finally spotted him as he reached his horse. After he had climbed on, he took off as fast as he could go.
	Emma was insulted that Tom would sneak down to the creek to look at her while she was taking a bath, but she decided not to tell Emily or anyone else. She would take care of the matter herself. 
	
	Tom was worried that there would be trouble when he got back home so he decided to ride over to Mason’s house to visit with Lena. Yellow Flower and Lena were working in their garden space pulling weeds when he arrived. “Where's Sarge?” he asked Lena.
	“He go with Zack and man,” she answered.
	“Have you been practicin' your English like I told you?” he asked.
	“I can talk the English talk,” she said proudly.
	Yellow Flower looked over at Tom and shook her head. She knew the boy all too well and thought that Zack didn’t give him enough chores to keep him busy. She walked out of the garden and headed for the new cabin that Mason had built. 
	Tom got off of his horse to have a longer conversation with Lena. “You need to be practicin' your English 'cause you don't seem to be gettin' no better at it. Let’s go play and work on your English.”
	“Me no play...me work,” Lena told him.
	Tom seemed aggravated. “If I told you once, I told you a hundred times...you don't say 'me' at the beginnin' of a sentence, you say 'I',” he scolded. “You try it and just remember...usin' ‘me’ ain't good English.”
	Lena looked over at him and grinned. “I can no play, I can work.”
	“I guess that's pretty good,” Tom sighed. “Now, try this...I am growin' into a good lookin' young man.”
	“I am growin' into a good lookin' young man, but I no be man,” Lena laughed.
	“I ain't talkin' about you, I'm talkin' about me,” Tom snapped aggravated.
	“But you no be man...you boy,” Lena said laughing.
	Tom kicked the dirt in frustration. “This English lesson is over!”

	Emma was at the well drawing a bucket of water and completely ignored Tom as he passed by her on his way to the outhouse. A smile came across her face as she watched him go inside and shut the door. She picked up the bucket and carried it to the outhouse with her. She stood there for a moment and then suddenly yanked the door open and doused him with the bucket of water. She wanted to yell something at him, but she couldn’t because the sight of Tom sitting there with his pants down around his ankles soaking wet made her laugh too much. She was laughing so hard she was staggering as she slowly made her way back toward the house. Tom came out of the outhouse in a full run and soaking wet.
	“What did you do that for?” he shouted as he ran up to her.
	Emma couldn’t answer for laughing.
	“Nigger,” he shouted and started to run off, but only made it a few steps before Emma tackled him. 
	“Who you callin a nigger,” she giggled holding him down.
	“You!”
	“Well, this nigger woman is in love with you,” she laughed while still holding him down. “You shouldn’t have been sneakin’ off down to that creek ‘cause you done went and saw me naked now and that only means one thing and that is, we’s in love!”
	“I ain’t in love with you,” he shouted fighting to get loose.
	“Come on little white boy,” she teased, “give this nigger a kiss!” She held him down and kissed him on the cheek, but she could hardly pucker from laughing. “Maybe that’ll hold you for a few years,” she said as she let him go.
	Tom jumped to his feet. “You’re crazy!”
	“Crazy over you,” she called out as he ran away.




CHAPTER 13

	Walter, Lizzie and Emma were all loaded up on their fully packed wagon saying goodbye to Emily and Tom while Zack was saddling his horse outside the barn. “I sure hope that ya'll come up this way again to see us. I've enjoyed havin' ya'll so much and havin' somebody to talk to,” Emily told them.
	“We'll be comin' back, but I want you to come see me sometime,” Lizzie smiled at her.
	“I will,” Emily promised.
	Emma looked at Tom and smiled. “How ‘bout you? Will you come see me?”
	Tom blushed and shyly looked at the ground nodding his head yes.
	Zack rode over to the wagon on his horse. “Hell, I would've thought that Mason would have showed up by now. I figured he'd be in a hurry to get down to your place and get them cows. It sure was nice of you to sell 'em to him for that price.”
	“I like Mason, he's a good man.”
	Zack nodded. As always, when he was going somewhere, he was in a hurry to go. “Let's go, we'll meet him on the trail.” He turned to Emily. “Don't start expectin’ me for two weeks. I figure it'll take that long to get back.” He then turned to Tom. “You're the man around here now. Take care of your sister and the baby and be sure to look in on Yellow Flower and Lena everyday. Be a help and not a bother.”
	Yes, sir,” Tom said proudly.
	Zack looked over at Walter and they were on their way to Blanco County.

	Tom was rummaging through some of Zack's old things in the barn and found an old corncob pipe. He walked to the house packing it full of tobacco and sat down on the porch to light it with a match. He had just got it going good when Emily stepped out on the porch. “Howdy,” he greeted Emily puffing on the pipe. 
	The sight of him smoking angered Emily. She rushed over and slapped it out of his mouth. “Just what do you think you're doing?” she scolded.
	“I'm old enough to smoke! Zack don't care,” he defended.
	“Zack would wear your butt out with a razor strap if he only knew that you were goin' through his personal belongings! Now, go get washed up for supper.”
	“There's somethin' that we need to get straight and that is the fact that Zack left me in charge,” Tom just didn’t realize that he should quit talking. “Don't you see? I'm a man of responsibilities and I need to smoke to relax.”
	“If I ever catch you smokin' again, you won't be able to sit down for a week whether you're a man of responsibilities or not,” Emily threatened.

	Harrisonville had changed over the past few months, but not necessarily for the better. Harrison had hired Omar, a second rate gunman, as the sheriff and his partner, Aaron as the deputy to enforce the laws and carry out his wishes. Omar and Aaron were far from being lawmen, they were basically just a couple of thugs, but at least, Harrison could control them.
	The new sheriff and his deputy watched as Walter, Zack, Mason and a badly scarred Fats rode into town. They knew that one of the men had to be Walter Lingstrum because they were with Fats, but they didn’t know which one since they had never met him. “Go inside and get us a couple of shotguns,” Omar told Aaron who rushed inside the sheriff’s office and came out carrying the guns and handed one to him. Omar loaded the weapon and looked over at Aaron and nodded that he was ready. “Let’s go get our boy.”
	They walked across the street where Walter, Fats, Zack and Mason were getting down from their horses and were about to go inside the saloon for a drink. “Which one of you boys is Walter Lingstrum?” Omar asked them.
	“That would be me,” Walter answered looking him over.
	Omar cocked the shotgun and aimed it at Walter quickly. “We've been waitin' for you to come back. You're
under arrest and if I was you, I'd be droppin' my gun right about now and you can tell all of your 	friends to do the same.”
	Walter did as he was told and without question Zack and Mason did the same, but Zack did not drop his prized Henry rifle.  Of course, Fats was unarmed. “Why would I be under arrest?” asked Walter.
	“For murder,” Omar answered. “You hadn't forgot about the three men you killed right there in that saloon, have you?”
	Walter shook his head and sighed. “Go get that worthless son of a bitch John Harrison and let's get this thing straightened out.”
	Omar quickly glanced over at Aaron. “Get on over there and pick up them guns startin' with that one that's still holdin' on to that rifle.”
	“I'll tell you one thing right now, I don't want no scratches on that Henry .44,” Zack said as he held out his rifle for Aaron to take. Aaron took the rifle first and then picked up the pistols on the ground while Omar held the shotgun on the men. 
	After Aaron picked up the guns, he gave Fats a hard look. “Didn't we tell you to never come back here, boy?
	Fats looked at the ground and nodded.
	“I'm gonna take your friend and his boy here over to the jail and lock 'em up,” Omar told Mason and Zack. “I ain't got no fight with ya'll, so you boys can just ride on outta here. Them boys are gonna hang and I'm warnin' ya'll that if you don't wanna hang right with 'em, you'll ride on. Consider that you first and last warnin'.”
	“Sheriff, I was a Texas Ranger for fifteen years and I'm here to tell you-,” Mason said before Omar interrupted him.
	“You said you was a Texas Ranger...that means you ain't now and since you ain't, shut the hell up and get outta my town.”
	Omar motioned with his shotgun barrel for Walter and Fats to move out toward the jail. He followed after them with the shotgun pointed at their backs. Aaron brought up the rear carrying the confiscated weapons and keeping an eye on Zack and Mason.
	“Sheriff, you don't mind if we have a drink before we go, do you?” Zack called out.
	“Get your drink and get out,” Omar shouted back.
	Once inside the jail, Omar slammed the cell door shut on Walter and Fats and then turned to Aaron. “Go tell Mister Harrison that we got somethin' down here that needs to come see.”
	Aaron hurried out the door while Omar walked over to his desk and sat down. After a moment, he looked over at Walter and smiled. “You ain’t had much to say about all of this.”
	Walter looked over at him. “I ain’t a man that likes to waste his words.

	Zack and Mason were sitting at a table in the saloon having their third drink of whiskey and wondering what to do next. “What do you think?”
	Zack gulped down the drink. “This is some awful good sour mash.”
	“What if I took off and rode down to Austin to get the Rangers?” Mason asked.
	“You go right ahead and do that, but I ain't leavin' here without my Henry rifle,” Zack said. “And I'll tell you another thing...they'll have ole Walter hung by the time you get back.”

	Harrison and Tuner walked inside the sheriff's office. Omar jumped to his feet as they walked in and escorted them over to the cell where Walter and Fats were being held. “Is this the man, Mister Harrison?” Omar asked knowing that it was.
	Harrison smiled as he looked at Walter. “You did a fine job, Omar, just a fine job.” He stepped up to the cell door. “Well, Walter, I haven't seen you around lately.” He laughed and elbowed Turner standing next to him who also laughed.
	“Wasn't there enough trouble for you the first time around?” Walter asked.
	“Well, I'm glad you're back so we can officially charge you with murder and see you hang,” Harrison told him.
	“You know damned well that my only crime is shootin' them hired guns that you sent out to my 	place that beat one of my workers, burned the other and just flat out shot another,” Walter said with hatred in his voice. “Not to mention they stole Emma right off the front porch and beat her and raped her right over there in your own saloon!”
	Harrison shook his head. “Now, Walter, you know that nobody came on to your place and did anything. You've just made that up for your defense, but you'd better think of something else because that story just won't hold water.”
	“You see, we just can't have our citizens thinkin' that they can go around shootin' people in town,” Turner added.
	“Why don't ya'll just have the sheriff shoot me now and get this farce over with?” asked Walter.
	“Because, we want to make sure that we hang you legally,” Harrison smiled.
	“What the hell would either of you know about anything legal?” Walter asked. 
	Harrison and Turner stood there looking at him for a moment. “Come on, we've got better things to do than to stand here and look at this pathetic man,” Harrison said to Turner.
	“We've got a trial to prepare for,” Turner said walking away from the cell.


  
CHAPTER 14

	Zack and Mason were still in the saloon drinking when Omar and Aaron walked in. Aaron was carrying Zack’s Henry rifle in hopes of provoking a fight. He laid the rifle down on top of the bar and turned around smiling at Zack while Omar poured them a drink of whiskey. “Too bad about ya’ll’s friend,” Aaron smirked.
	“What about him,” Mason asked.
	“He's gonna hang for sure,” Omar answered keeping his eyes on Zack and Mason.
	“That's good, I hope the son of a bitch burns in hell,” Mason said quickly.
	Omar and Aaron glanced at each other with puzzled looks on their faces. “That's a heck of a thing to say about your friend,” Omar told him.
	“He ain't no friend of mine,” Mason said quickly and glanced over at Zack. “Is he a friend of your’s?”
	He shook his head no. “I ain't never seen him before a couple of days ago and I just as soon never to see him again. We just met him out on the trail.”
	Mason nodded and looked back over at Omar and Aaron. “We didn't know he was in trouble with the law and we danged sure don't wanna get mixed up in it.”
	Omar looked at them suspiciously. “Speakin’ on trouble with the law, I told ya'll to get out of town.”
	“You danged sure did, but you also said we could have a couple of drinks first,” Zack agreed and laughed. “And I sure was thirsty!”
	“I think ya'll have had enough drinks now and it's time to move on,” Omar told them. “Ya'll can sit there and tell lies and try to fill me full of bull, but I don't believe you. I think you're friends with that 	sorry bastard and I think that ya'll are plannin' on bustin' him out of jail the first chance you get. So, I want you sorry bastards out of town and get out before me and ole Aaron here have to shoot you.”
	Zack suddenly jumped to his feet. “Ya'll ain't keepin' my guns,” he shouted and then quickly picked up a chair to throw at Omar and Aaron, but he stopped when he saw Aaron pointing the Henry rifle at him. Mason raised his hands and backed away from the table while Zack was still holding the chair ready to throw.
	“Go ahead and throw that chair,” Omar told him calmly. “All I’m waitin’ on is a reason to shoot you.”
	“And you'll be shot with your own damned gun,” Aaron added with a laugh.
	Mason was still holding up his hands as he was backing toward the door. “This is it, Zack, I ain’t ridin’ with you no more. You’re crazy! This is where we part company.” He looked over at Omar and nodded. “Thanks for givin' me a chance to get away from that fool. I would've done it sooner, but I was scared of him and his fancy damned guns!” With that said, Mason suddenly darted out the door.
	Omar slowly walked over to Zack who was still holding the chair ready to throw. “This is your last chance to drop the chair, he told him. “I'm tired of talkin.”
	Zack let go of the chair dropping it to the floor. Omar suddenly backhanded him across the face with his pistol knocking him to the floor. Zack slowly got up while Omar watched on and when he got to his feet, Omar hit him again. Zack was laying on the floor, his face covered with blood, he crawled up to his knees and slowly to his feet and once he was standing, he just stood there waiting for Omar to hit him again. 
	“You dumb bastard,” Omar shouted.
	“I don't mind gettin' whipped by a real man,” Zack puffed. “I was just hopin' one would walk in here.”
	Omar knocked him down again with his pistol. Zack laid there on the floor wiping the blood from his eyes. He turned over and struggled to get on his hands and knees. Omar kicked him in the stomach. “Stay down or I'll kill you,” Omar shouted.
	Zack made another attempt to get up and Omar hit him in the back of the head with his pistol knocking him unconscious. “Lets drag this damned fool over to the jail before he comes to,” he told Aaron.

	Lizzie and Emma were in the parlor of their home reading their Bibles before bedtime when they heard horses galloping toward the house. “It’s about time those men showed back up, I was getting’ worried about them,” Lizzie said closing her Bible and getting up from her chair. Just then, lighted torches crashed through every window in the house. Lizzie and Emma scrambled to run outside where they found five men wearing hoods on horseback waiting for them there.
	“It’s time for you bitches to move on,” one of the men shouted.
	“Get the hell off of my property,” Lizzie ordered angrily. “I know that John Harrison sent you out here and just like before, I ain’t leavin’!”
	“You will this time, bitch,” the man shouted back from his horse. “Your old man is in jail and word has it that he’s gonna hang. And after tonight, you won’t have a place to live or a pot to piss in.” He turned to the riders with him. “Burn everything down, especially the barn and run them niggers out of there!”
 	Caleb ran out of the barn with a shotgun, fired it at the men, but missed them. The men fired back shooting Caleb dead. Within minutes, Lizzie’s house was in flames and the men rode out to the barn and set fire to the hay. Caleb’s wife and children ran out of the barn along with Fats’ family and Josh’s wife and kids.
	“You people already had your last warning to get the hell outta here and don’t ever come back,” the spokesman of the group yelled at them. Lizzie, Emma and all of the women and children cried hysterically as the house and barn burned to the ground. “Leave ‘em a few horses to pull the wagons with,” he ordered the other men. “Kill everything else.”
	The men did as they were told and started shooting the cows, the chickens, pigs and horses. “Down let the sun go down on you again on this 	land. Next time, we’ll shoot all of ya’ll instead of the animals,” the leader of the gang told Lizzie.

	Lizzie was at the jail telling Walter what had happened the night before at the ranch. “All of the others are waiting for you to tell us what to do,” she told him.
	Walter shook his head looking at the floor and sighed. “I don’t know what to do,” he said softly. “I thought all of this mess was over with.”
	Zack, badly bruised and still bloody from his beating the day before, stood up from his bunk, walked over to Walter and patted him on the shoulder. “Why don’t ya’ll head on up my way. Stay with Emily. You remember how to get there, don’t you?” he asked Lizzie.
	Lizzie nodded and looked at Walter who nodded his head yes. “Go ahead and do that. Ya’ll ain’t got nowhere else to go and there ain’t nothin’ we can do to help you locked up in this damned jail.”
	Lizzie stood there looking at Walter. She couldn’t help herself, she started crying. “Walter, they said that they was gonna hang you!”
	“I know and if they do, just stay on up there with Emily until Zack gets out of here.” He reached through the bars and grabbed her by the shoulders. “Go on, Lizzie, there ain’t nothin’ you can do here....get away from here so you’ll be safe.”
	Lizzie nodded her head in agreement and slowly walked to the door crying.
























CHAPTER 15

	Fats and Zack were in the cell alone while Walter was in court and Aaron was bored while sitting at the desk watching them. Fats got off his bunk and walked up to the bars to talk with Aaron. “Sir, I hates to bother you, but our necessary can is full and I was wonderin’ if we could get it emptied before Mister Walter comes back.”
	“Gotta make it as tidy as possible for the mastah, huh, boy?” Arron grinned.
	“It ain’t just for him, it’s gonna be for all of us in here,” Fats explained. “Can’t you smell it from over where you’re sittin’?”
	“I don’t smell nothin’ but a stinkin’ nigger,” Aaron told him.
	His comment angered Fats. “Damn, man, I’s may not be nuthin’ but a nigger to you, but I ain’t no dog!”
	“Shut up!”
	“You’s can’t keep us locked up in here standin’ in our own shit,” Fats shouted back. “Now, please let me out so I can go empty it in the alley.”
	“Let him go empty the shitcan,” Zack yelled at Aaron.
	Aaron looked over at Zack and then back to Fats. He slowly stood up from the desk drawing his pistol from his holster and walked over to the cell door. “I want you to sit down and shut up,” he said pointing the pistol at Fats.
	Fats was enraged as he stood there glaring at Aaron and refused to sit down. He suddenly gave the necessary can a hard kick spilling the urine soaked defecation all over the cell’s floor.
	“Nigger, clean that up,” Aaron ordered.
	“Clean it up your own damned self,” Fats shouted back while running over to the cell door and grabbing the bars. He began rattling the cell door making a horrible racket. “I wants to be treated like a man!”
	Aaron cocked his pistol pointing it at Fats. “Stop that damned racket!” Fats refused to stop shaking the cell door. “I said stop it,” Aaron shouted even louder.
	Fats continued and Aaron pulled the trigger shooting Fats through the chest. He fell back in cell and was dead by the time he hit the floor.
	“You crazy son of a bitch,” Zack shouted at Aaron.
	Aaron stood there looking at Fats for a moment and then over to Zack. “I’ll open the door and you drag him out of there.” He then unlocked the cell door and held it open. Zack bent over and began to tug at Fats while eyeing the waste bucket that was just within reach. “Damn, he’s heavy...I need a hand,” he grunted.
	Aaron shook his head in disgust and stepped inside the cell to help him. “I’d better not get nothin’ on me,” he said as he bent over to grab Fats.
	Zack nodded and while Aaron was getting a good hold on Fats, he reached over for the bucket and in one swift motion, he grabbed it and hit Aaron in the head with it knocking him to his knees. Zack quickly hit him again even harder and kicked him in the head. Aaron fell over in the floor motionless and Zack stepped out of the cell and slammed the door shut. He took the keys out of the door and tossed them over by the desk. He rushed to the front door and looked outside to make sure no one was coming. He then calmly and quickly walked out into the street.

	Celebrating what they considered a good day for them in court, Harrison and Turner were in the saloon having a drink when Omar came walking in. He walked over to where they were sitting and sat down with them. 	“We’ve got a little problem...Aaron shot that nigger today and while he was gettin’ the body out, that other guy got the jump on him and escaped.”
	“Fools,” Harrison shouted and then lowered his voice. “You and that idiot that you call a deputy had better get your butts out and find that man and when you do find him...kill him! If he gets away and word gets out what we’ve been doin’ around here, I 	guarantee you that you and your deputy will be the first to hang!”

	Just outside of town, Mason and two Texas Rangers rode over a hill just in time to see a wagon with two men riding on it carrying a coffin heading toward the graveyard. Mason, fearing the worse about Walter, hurried to catch up to the wagon to talk with the men. “Who died?” he asked as he reached the wagon.
	“Some nigger,” the man driving the wagon answered pulling up on the reins to stop the horses. “Him and some other man was tryin’ to bust out of jail. The other man got away.”
	“There’s a big man hunt goin’ on in town searchin’ for the one that got away,” the other man added.
	“Is there a reward?” Mason smiled.
	“Oh, I’m sure that Mister Harrison will give a reward to whoever finds him,” the driver said.
	Mason nodded. “Then maybe we’ll see if we can’t go collect it,” he said and reined his horse to ride away.

	Zack was hiding in the loft of the livery stable under some hay. He could hear the commotion going on outside of men looking everywhere for him. Meanwhile, Mason and the Rangers rode into town and saw the search going on. Men were searching every building looking for Zack. Mason and the Rangers stopped in front of the sheriff’s office and went inside to find it empty except for Walter standing in his cell. “Where’s the good sheriff?” Mason grinned as he walked in.
	Walter was surprised and relieved to the Mason and the two Rangers. He was beginning to think that he was, in fact, going to hang. “What a sight for sore eyes!”
	Mason nodded toward the Rangers. “I brought us a little help,” he told Walter walking over to the desk and opening the drawer. “I don’t suppose that we’d be lucky enough for the sheriff to leave the keys in here.” He rummaged through the contents of the drawer for a moment and laughed when he found a Philadelphia Derringer .41. “I didn’t find no keys, but I found this.” He checked to see if it was loaded and took it over to Walter and handed it to him through the bars. “This might come in handy.” He turned and started walking toward the door. “We gotta go find Zack before that mob out there finds him.” He stopped when he reached the door, turned back around to face Walter and smiled.  “Don’t worry, we’re gonna get you out of this.”























CHAPTER 16

	Three men came inside the livery stable and began searching for Zack. Two of them climbed up the ladder to the loft and started looking around the haystack where he was hiding. One of them kept getting closer to him and Zack felt that he was sure to be found. When the man was close enough, he kicked with all of his strength hitting the man in the stomach. Breathless, the man bent over in pain while the other man lunged forward at Zack and they began wrestling on the floor. Zack was just about to get the best of him when he heard the third man cock his pistol. He stopped fighting and raised his hands in surrender.
	Mason and the two Rangers were riding down the street on their horses when they saw the three men march Zack out of the livery stable. “Look what we've got,” one of the men shouted to the crowd.
	“We want our reward,” shouted another one.
	Mason and the Rangers drew their weapons and rode into the crowd. The older, more experienced, Ranger fired his pistol into the air to get the crowd’s attention. “Hey, listen to me,” he shouted. “We're Texas Rangers and we're takin' that man into custody. Throw down your guns and back away!”
	The three men that were with Zack did as they were told and were backing away as Omar and Aaron were stepping out of the bank with Harrison and Turner. Harrison knew what was going on and turned to his sheriff. “Stop this now!”
	Omar looked over at Aaron and nodded. Aaron pulled up Zack’s Henry Rifle and fired shooting the Ranger through the chest. The impact of the bullet knocked him off of his horse and he was dead by the time he hit the ground. Omar began shooting in the air causing the crowd to scatter. Zack made a run for Mason’s horse and climbed on behind him. Mason spurred the animal and headed for the sheriff’s office. The younger Ranger fired a couple of shots toward Aaron and Omar, but got shot in the process. Mason and Zack made it to the sheriff’s office, jumped off the horse and rushed inside. Mason slammed the heavy wooden outside door and locked it. Zack watched out the window to see who was coming after them. 
	“Ya’ll get me out of this cell,” Walter shouted at them. 
	“We didn't have time to ask the sheriff for the keys,” Mason told him while watching the street through the window.
	Omar and Aaron positioned themselves directly across the street from the jail in the general store. Aaron fired the Henry .44 and knocked a large chunk out of the wooden door in the sheriff’s office.
	“Damn that gun of your’s,” Mason shouted at Zack.
	Zack made no comment, he was too busy trying to peek over the window without getting shot. “Them guys will pick us off faster than you can scat a cat if we try to do anything,” he said after a few minutes. “We’re gonna have to wait until it gets dark and then maybe one of us can make it outside and get a position on ‘em.”
	Aaron shot the rifle again knocking another chunk out of the wooden door. Mason rolled over to it and looked out one of the holes. He could see the men across the street shooting at them from the general store. He took aim with his rifle right at Aaron's chest and fired. Aaron fell backward dead. “Wait till dark my ass,” he said.

	When it was night and difficult for anyone to see, Zack crawled out the front door of the sheriff’s office and rolled off the porch so he could hide underneath it. When he was sure that no one had seen him, he crawled under the porch and under the walkway until he was far enough away that he could get out unnoticed. He stood up and carefully made his way across the street and into the alley that ran behind the general store. He made his way to the backdoor of the store and quickly snuck inside. He could see Omar and another man up front watching the jail across the street. Zack tiptoed up to a lanturn that they had burning on low and turned it up. Omar and the man turned around and were startled to see him standing there aiming a pistol at the both of them with a smile on his face.
	“I thought you boys could use some more light.” The smile faded from his face as he looked at Omar. “I've come over to pay you back for that little whippin' you gave me and for all the kindness and hospitality you showed me while I was in your little jail over there. Remember? You wouldn't even give me a bucket of water to wash the blood off after you had pistol-whipped me!” He looked over to the man that was with Omar. “If I was you, I'd get the hell out of here 'cause this ain't your business.”
	The man looked from Zack to Omar and threw down his gun and ran for the door. Zack looked down to the floor where Aaron’s dead body was still laying and saw his Henry rifle. He kept a close watch on Omar as he bent over to pick it up. Wisely, Omar did not make a move. “Sorry about your friend here, but if you'll recall, I said I wasn't leavin' town without my gun.”
	Omar still had his pistols in his holster, but he was holding his hands up in the air and did not try to go for them. “Well, I guess you ain't got the guts to try to shoot me, so you might as well throw them guns of your's down,” Zack told him.
	Omar did as he was told while Zack walked up close to him and stared at him in the face. “I've shot a few men in my day, but I ain't ever beat one to death with my bare hands,” he said as he hit Omar in the face knocking him down. Omar scrambled to get away, but he caught him, stood him on his feet and slapped him across the face. Knowing that he was already defeated, Omar offered no resistance, he simply stood there and let him slap him again. “	Come on and fight,” Zack shouted and slapped him again. “What are you waitin' for? You need someone to hold a gun on me while you beat me with a pistol?”
	He repeatedly slapped Omar about the face and head trying to provoke him to fight. Suddenly, the man that Zack had earlier let go rushed into the store with another man. When Zack turned around to see who had come in, he saw the man had a rifle pointed at him. “Let go of the sheriff,” the man with the rifle yelled at him.
	Zack nodded his head and then quickly yanked Omar in front of him and held him there for protection. He knew that the man would most likely hit Omar if he fired the rifle. “Go on and shoot,” he yelled at the man. “See if you can hit me without shootin' this bastard!” He hugged Omar even closer and sat his chin on his shoulder while holding a pistol to his head. He carefully watched the man with the rifle and after a moment, he knew that they were at a standoff. He quickly took the pistol from Omar’s head and in a blink of an eye, shot the man with the rifle. The other man ran out of the store just as he had done earlier and Zack figured that he would be back with some more help soon. He pushed Omar forward. “Get on over to that jail!”
	They crossed the street with Zack holding the pistol at Omar’s head. When they reached the jail, he opened the door and shoved Omar inside. “Get my friend out of that cell!”
	Omar reached in his pocket and got the keys. He walked over to the cell door and unlocked it. Mason looked over at Zack and smiled. “Damn, I thought I was gonna have to come get you.”
	Zack shook his head glancing over at Mason. “You’ve sure been one helpful son of a bitch durin' all of this.”
	Walter stepped out of the cell then quickly shoved Omar in and slammed the door. After he had locked the door he threw the keys over to the desk.

	Walter was sitting at the sheriff’s desk looking over at the cell with Harrison, Turner and Omar inside with a smile of satisfaction on his face. “Funny how things work out sometimes, ain't it?” All three men ignored him.
	Zack was outside the sheriff’s office watching Mason getting ready to leave on his horse. “I should be back in a few days,” Mason told him as he got on. “I gotta tell the Rangers about their losses here and they can send some men over here to formally charge Harrison and his men for their crimes. I'll be back as soon as I can.”
	“We’ll be waitin’ on ya,” Zack smiled as Mason spun his horse around and took off. He walked back inside the sheriff’s office and grinned over at Walter as he sat down. “I never once thought that we’d turn in to bein’ policemen,” he said.






























EPILOGUE 

	After a trial, Omar, Harrison and Turner were hanged for their crimes. The town of Harrisonville changed its name, but that didn’t matter, without Harrison’s leadership, the businesses there all eventually closed and the population dwindled. It became a forgotten ghost town in Blanco County.
	
	Walter sold his ranch there and moved to the Buck Creek community where he started another ranch. He and Lizzie had three children, two sons and a daughter. Walter died a few years later after breaking his neck falling off of a hay wagon. Emma remained in Buck Creek and lived out her life as part of the Lingstrum family and Lizzie‘s constant companion.. She never married. She was buried next to Lizzie.

	Tom grew up and became a traveling preacher after marrying Lena. They journeyed throughout Texas spreading the gospel. They had one child and planned to have more, but they were murdered near Del Rio. Some say they were killed by Indians, others say Mexican bandits.

	Mason and Yellow lived out their years together and rarely left each other’s side. That had no children other than Lena.

	Zack and Emily had two more sons after George. The three boys worked on the ranch that their father had worked so hard on building and it is still operating today. Zack died in 1921, Emily lived to see the Great Depression and World War II. She died in 1947 and was survived by only one of her sons. She left behind thirteen grandchildren, seven great-grandchildren, and four great-great-grandchildren. 
