NOTABLE QUOTES OF CATCHER McCALL
Published by C.J. Lanet at Smashwords 
Copyright  2012 by C. J. Lanet from excerpt of Author's Scrapbook Series One and manuscript adaptation of Catcher McCall ... Outsider. 
Smashwords Edition, License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an added copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever including Internet usage, without written permission of the author.
Introduction
Catcher McCall ... Outsider is presented as a modern day epic. The first installment was published as Catcher McCall - Regrets and Rescue. Part Two will be released on August 1, 2012 as Catcher McCall - Respect and Betrayal. Part Three due September 15, 2012 entitled Catcher McCall - Lost and Return. Look for Part Four - Catcher McCall vs. Wall Street scheduled for April 1, 2013.
The excerpts entitled "Medal of Honor" and  "Presidential Candidate of the United States" are from Catcher McCall - Respect and Betrayal.  Part One chronicles the events in   Af-fucking-ghanistan, which culminates in inadvertently saving a U.S. Congressman's life that warrants Catcher McCall to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor. Because of accepting the reluctant prize, the public fascination catapults Catcher McCall to be a candidate for the presidency of the United States. What happened next is truer than fiction. As William Faulkner said, "The best fiction is far more true than any journalism."

Medal of Honor Excerpts: Part One
“No you don’t!  I lived with this guy in the worst of time. He was always on guard or polished his image and never cared about anyone. He knew that dying in Af-fucking-ghanistan was a heartbeat away, but would sellout ten battalions to buy easy passage.  Saving him was not even a thought. Some ungodly force kept me attached to him.

“You’ll have your name on the Medal of Honor Roll and receive more pension money; a uniform allowance, free air travel, get to meet the president. And the best of it … you can be buried at Arlington National Cemetery.”
“Just think, I can get pissed on in Washington DC more than once. I don’t want it! What I witnessed in Af-fucking-ghanistan. No … no, no! I’m not proud of this country, and wearing that Medal is not for me.”
“Please Catcher. I’ll do anything if you said yes to me.”
“Oh, don’t put it that way, especially now. I can’t even get it up.  Would you take a rain-check?”
“What are you talking about?”
“That’s a silly question, you know what I’m talking about?”
“Okay, we have a deal.”
“Done! Seal it with a kiss and show me the prize.”
She smiled. “You’re a pig, Lieutenant McCall!”
“All the time.”
“You’re not the sweetest pea in the pod.”
“Who said, I’m a pea? Come on Teagarden, its show time."

“Done! Next subject: The Medal. It’s an important honor.”
“When do you think the old pecker be workin’?”
“Two weeks. It’s basically a simple procedure. Can we discuss the Medal for a minute? Like I said, it’s a big honor.” 
“Only if you want it. The government doesn’t give a flying fuck about me. All for show, and it cost them nothing.”
“You do get benefits?”
“True, I can get my ass buried in Arlington. I know, you don’t have to tell me. Guys will give their left nut for this. If I saved one of my own, it would be a different story. Allegedly, I saved Baker, a low life congressman who was in Af-fucking-ghanistan to make brownie points and get reelected; now he’s look for it to carry him to the White House. You picture that prick being president? I sure don’t. They said your leaders are a reflection of us. Maybe we deserve him? From where I sit, this country is become irrelevant.”
“Why do you say that? I see a lot of good. Kindness is always present in America.”
“Let’s assume there never was a US of fuckin’ A.  Indians would still own their land, maniac consumerism, world competition, the atomic bomb, manipulating world populations to satisfy the demands for a few hundred million people, while the global economies are slaves to what USA leaders dictate, this is the legacy.  If the rest of the world consumed what we do, you would need six new Earths just to keep pace. Now, we’re in a desperate race because the rest of the world has figured us out. Seven billion people want what a few hundred million have. Can you imagine that?”
“You make it sound that we are the evil empire?”
I slowly shook my head yes. “Just consider oil, and what we have done to secure it, and destabilized the entire world to insure its availability. After the Second World War the Pentagon recognized that whoever controlled cheap and accessible oil would rule the world. So we planted Israel in the Middle East to subvert the entire region because it was where most of the easily recoverable crude oil existed. The weapon of choice was religion to cause neighboring countries to take sides.  So Arabs and Jews fought it out, while the USA played the game of manipulation. The end results – twenty-five or so wars, thousands of confrontations, political assassinations, government coups and a variety of other schemes to make certain that crude oil flowed to us. In the process over a billion people were killed, displaced or missing, for the privilege that Americans can waste energy at the expense of all others. That’s who we are.”

What the hell is going on here?  Strangers want to shake my hand, offer words of gratitude, even grab the tab. And it’s not just the chariot and me; soldiers in uniform are plagued by an impulsive courtesy. Maybe it’s a guilty awareness because they’re not in it?  Living off base for the first time in seven years is like I just floated down from planet Mars. Nothing feels right. Not withstanding my legs, military personnel are younger, healthier with big biceps and shorter hair. Out here, people are older, more infirm and appear lost in a confused society. Remoteness is so profound as if no one cares that a war is killing and maiming Americans. Predictable media sanitizes war news or doesn’t even report it, while being more concerned about what an athlete does or some broad fuckin’ a married man. Ostensibly, the public doesn’t want to know or refuses to listen that billions of dollars are being poured into a rat hole, while a permanent military caste has less in common with the majority of the people paying the bills. Indeed, the public enjoys the heretical relationship that society and the military embrace, which breeds deceitful conduct, lack of truth, and misplaced dialogue. The result is a fraudulent waste of finite resources pasted together by paper money. Fortunately, the Federal Reserve has unlimited power to print it.  As the only superpower, we start unnecessary long-term wars and then wage them like a bunch of amateurish in a whorehouse.

“I just want to be an Army pilot and send all my time in uniform. Af-fucking-ghanistan was a kick in the nuts.

TV sucked. Lately, I was watching more of it.  Even with cable you had 500 channels of lost airwaves and characters with nothing to do except vent their problems. As for advice, it always had a hidden agenda to sell something you didn’t need. Our society was so consumer driven, if you didn’t spend money, you were treated with reticule and despised as being Un-American. This country is what you see and hear on the monitor - an orgy of discontents satisfied by buying something new to throw out the used and to repeat the process until they didn’t know what they’re doing. “Just go and buy,” the tiny voice in your head whispered. You know the fuckin’ short of it? I heard it too!
Catcher McCall and The Medal of Honor  - made me a folk hero of sorts. Originally the title was to be reversed. With cynical remarks about the war and the country’s preoccupation of global involvement for no other purpose than to waste money, my off-the-cuff anecdotes and quirky delivery had motivated converts, not from the intellectuals, politicians or the MIC, but the little guys, the mom and pops who struggled to make ends meet in a troubling economy and the rest of the wounded sitting on the sidelines looking in.  Poking fun at Wall Street gangsters, politicians, government agencies, especially the NSV and DHS, it was like a script or something in my head. Just talking until the director signaled me to cut. 
Not in my wildest imagination did I expect to be instantly propelled into the country’s national consciousness. Granted, the White House bash gave me enough fame to buy a ham sandwich. For sure this was a banquet beyond compare.

Baird made it clear that the Lashkar Gah Incident was classified as such because the event demonstrates callous brutality as its worse. Al-Qaeda combatants totaling 408 were systematical executed after the compound was secured, most of which were without weapons of any kind. The actual Al-Qaeda fighting force was less than 35 armed soldiers with the balance either trainees or new recruits. Nine minutes after the engagement started it was over, but two Abrams tanks continued to discharge significant armaments for the next 27 minutes. In the process nothing stood or left alive, except a small number of coalition forces and the Marines behind the tanks.  Friendly fire was blamed for the worst causality rate of its kind in US history.
“So? This means nothing to me. The issue is Na’imah Rabbani. Let me judge the value of the tapes.”
“It’s not that simple, Lieutenant McCall,” said Baird. “I explained the gruesome. The questionable content shows eight Marines urinating on Taliban corpses – an act that violates international law of warfare.”
“That’s not good enough,” I laughed. “We all did that it!  Pissing on sandniggers is our main form of removing bodily fluids. In the field, we shit on their faces. There’s no military secret about this?”
“Maybe so, Lieutenant McCall, but times have changed.  Release of these tapes puts a further strain on U.S-Afghan relations.  The 3rd Battalion, 2nd Marines was part of the Lashkar Gah Incident and four of its officers were already depicted on Internet video pissing on dead combatants. The video had a life of its own, being posted, reposted that we were forced to join with Afghans in calling it deplorable and shocking, a breach of military standards and …”
I interrupted. “Yeah, I saw that, good laughed.  Four Marines in combat gear standing in a semicircle pissing on the bodies of three men in Afghan rags, one guy’s chest covered in blood. Do I have it right?” Gesturing with my hands, I continued to say, “So what? They did the same to us. I even shot a peckerhead pissin’ on one of my guys. Fuck them!”
“No Lieutenants, the release of the tapes would compromise ties with Karzai’s government and complicate negotiations over a strategic partnership after our 2014 withdrawal.”
I shook my head. “We put that asshole on the throne, now we’re worried about that he thinks? … Get Teagarden!”
“You are not to discuss …”
I interrupted Baird. “You don’t give me orders. I want the tapes!”

Experts  - Presidential Candidate of the United States- Part Two.


“My entire campaign platform is based on a simple premise – America first. Take care of the home front. Our economy is consumer drive with 80% of every dollar fueling domestic consumption. You know what that really means? We have reached a tipping point; any further increases will create so much pressure on our infrastructure, education and healthcare that there will be no means to pay for them.”
“I don’t understand?”
“Karen, here’s a simple example. Let’s assume there’s a giant shopping mall with the best products at the lowest prices, but it is in the middle of nowhere. Building roads from all directions to it would be the answer. Right? Okay, who pays for the roads, not just construction but maintenance and management? Then you have the police and fire departments, local governments and hundreds of more cost related services just to support the giant shopping mall. Property taxes from the mall, sale taxes from purchasers and other revenue streams don’t cover the costs. So what does the local and state governments do?  Raise taxes and borrow more money. But never cut or reduce services that support the mall. So there’s a gap between money out and money in. U.S. state debt surpasses $4 trillion and that number doesn’t include $3 trillion in deferments. Taxpayers don’t have a clue and even worse, Congress doesn’t care. If MIC needs a trillion dollars for a new weapons program, it’s done without Congressional appreciations and appears only as a line item.”
“So why don’t people see this?”
“Good question with no answer. Maybe it’s how the general public is being manipulated. All the noise that this country is free with abundant opportunities, but that’s just a big lie. We are not free. Our lives are controlled every second and everybody is on the clock, Not an ordinary clock but a money clock  – ticking away and if you are not fortunate enough to possess it, you are not free and subject to the restriction placed on the less privileged by a government that doesn’t care, only tolerates. Right now, the government can tolerate. What happens if employment drops 25% and consumer spending contracts an equal amount? State and the federal government will take away your current freedoms, strict your movement, your ability to make choices, and legislate or imply certain actions illegal.”
“I sorry to interrupt. What would you like for supper?”
“See what I mean? Just your tiny question is the issue.  Average citizen are so preoccupied to survive, they cannot afford to devote immediate energy because every minute is required to survive. Is that freedom?”
Karen raises her hands as if signaling surrender. “Oh, Tessie is crying. Sorry, need to go. Dinner?”
“Let’s go out.”

With Philbert, I didn’t have to worry about money. For his daughter he’ll blow five billion larger just to have her shit in the White House toilet for the next four years. Money was merely a commodity to barter. Influence was the true marker.  Back the right face and your “taking head” becomes president. Many of games were played, concessions bargained and the public never gained the truth. Obama understood the rule of compromise and became the echo of someone else’s words, a marionette on invisible strings dancing to a beat out of step with his conscience. Chameleons were influencing the thoughts of his time and in doing so have changed the future to the steps of the creator. Obama was only evil to himself since all presidents were basically tools in the systematic manipulation of judgment.

“Since the end of World War II, containment was the foreign policy of the United States to prevent the spread of communism not in our country but abroad. The result was a Cold War, wherein the Soviet Union responded in kind to protect their communist influences in Eastern Europe, Chine, Korean and Vietnam.  By détente and rollbacks the United States and the Soviet Union coexisted until Cold War ended in 1989 with the collapse and eventual breakup of the Soviet Union in 1991. Today our defense budget and global military spending excesses $2 trillion per year in real dollars not the off-book and ledger omissions to placate Congress and the American people. Since 1991 our military commitments have increased each year and our foreign policy is to back up our $18 trillion economy. The United States has become the big bully on the block. We flaunt our presents in whatever form is necessary to sell our brand of national interest. Global governments deal with the United States out of necessity, not because they like us or trust us.  Protecting foreign oil and other natural resources is our foreign policy.
As president, I will material shift our foreign policy from offensive to defensive. All military contingents, diplomatic staff and personal will be withdrawn from all international sectors with 24 months. Military aid in any form to a foreign government or entity will be illegal. Only economic assistance will be available and supervision by the United States Agency for International Development USAID with oversight by an independent panel.
The term “defensive” shall mean – protecting from any direct attack all territories of the United States, overseen directly by the federal government and not part of a U.S. state. The entire defense and military budgets will be devoted to only defensive protection and vigilance – USDPV. The U.S. Secretary of State will be sanctioned to submit its budget and appreciation to Congress each year, fully disclosed and made part of the public record.
With the USDPV initiative, the United States will save the tax payers $1.2 trillion per year and still have the capacity to challenge and repel any aggressor.”

“It’s not as radical as it sounds. Granted, American industry must adjust to substantially less military spending. Other sacrifices would also be necessary. Less military and international personnel, and global logistic support means fewer jobs and higher unemployment in the short term. With an outstanding public debt of $16 trillion and increasing at $5 billion a day since 2007, we need to act quickly or this thing called the United States of American will be relegated to the strap heap of history.”
“Wouldn’t foreign powers like China take advance?”
“No!”
“Just like that?  China is building a military machine and buying world resources. Philbert said they’re cornering large chunks of South American as if it’s a fire sale.
“Treasury Department places our debt with China at $1.3 trillion. It would cost every American $18,000 to pay it off. No, China has too much to lose. Our national debt is larger than the total economies of China, the UK and Australia combined. Our foreign policy requires that we become a creditor nation.”
“If we spend less on the military wouldn’t others consider us venerable?”
“Perhaps. But, we’ll let the world know, that a provoked attack against the United States means instant annulations of the aggressor without debate or political noise.”

“I’m Catcher McCall, ex-Army helicopter pilot and born right here in the U.S.A. Once I was proud to be an America. Somewhere along the line, I discovered that our country doesn’t belong to us. If you own a house and have mortgage on it – do you own that house? Hell no! If you don’t pay, someone can take it away from you. That’s what’s going on in our country. With $16 trillion … just hear it again … we owe sixteen trillion dollars to other countries, to other people. It would cost every American $18,000 to pay it off.  Do you have an extra $18,000 to give to your country right now, to bailout the politicians, and whoever is in Washington that caused this mess? With your help we can get back our country.”


“Lincoln said, ‘It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues.’ You have all the reflections, all the good intentions, but in the end the results from your efforts are simply the experiences I call mistakes. We got here as a nation on our success to effectively manage natural resources for the good of our citizens. Today we have become the wasters of the world’s resources and have manipulated events to insure instability to protect, what we consider our god given rights, to oil, and the fruits of our desires. The only way to finally become an equal partner with the world is to materially reduce our dependence to debt and start living within our means. You don’t have to look far, every day someone is complaining of the high cost of living, the inefficiencies of government and the reckless borrowing to support our consumer driven economy. Just look in your homes, there must be at least 500 items you cannot do without, and still have 99 percent more than the average world occupant. The policy of the United States government is based on waste. Waste creates jobs, jobs create consumers and consumers spend, usually on things they don’t need.  I am not saying we should live under a rock, only that we must understand that always taking without giving back means a bigger, and bigger government that eventually cannot print enough money to support our collective life styles.”
“In conclusion, we must reduce out national debt, consolidate government to condense unnecessary costs and to retool our citizen to survive a 21st century world. I have a plan, and with the help and understand of all of us, we can find a way to become a passionate creditor nations, free of foreign entanglements, living as a beneficiary of the world’s resources to support mankind as an equal inhabitant. ”


“My message is simple, quickie version for my favorite sidekick.  … We live in a small world that’s getting smaller. With over 7 billion people worldwide, the population will hit 12 billion by 2050. Scientific consensus holds the pressure on resources will threat our ecosystem and cause major part of society to protect their perceived interests at the expense of others who may not be fortunate enough to fight back. If global humanity attempt to match what the citizens of the United States consume, we would need seven more planet Earths by 2050.”

Seated at the long table in the library with matching yellow pads and pencils in front of them, I said:
“We all know the situation. Before us is whether to go forward or pack it in. … Allow me to spell out my position before any comments, okay?  Losing Bob to an early heart attack and the freak accident are signs that maybe we should pause for a moment and assess what’s the objective. I decided to enter the race on the simple premise that change was needed. What America has become is not what the founding fathers planned.  The momentous changes in the emerging 21st century have not been fully understood by Congress or the president. I do not want my words to sound like another speech, just to establish a point of reference.
“The president today is just a cheerleader, and even worst, a puppet to the real owners of our country. The average citizen is merely a spectator, allowed to participate within a fixed set of rules at the caprice of unknown forces. Two decisions are required today. First, as president can I make a difference, and second, will the American people as a whole sacrifice to bring our national debt to zero with the programs we propose?

Syd Armistead, international affairs expert and adviser said, “US foreign policy cannot continue as is.  Can it be changed in our generation? Without you Catcher, I don’t think so. We’re trapped with conflicting objectives and all of them are being chased by big money. The military with all its facets cost the US taxpayers $1.4 trillion per year. In the numbers are enormous profits for MIC – the military industrial complex. I’m 71 years old and my time is short. American to me is what it was. I’m not going to be around when it fails because of its debt obligations or the unconscionable sacrifices the average citizen will be forced to accept. Not for me, but the generations to follow will look back at these times and wonder how stupid we were. Like the great Roman Empire, you look at the events now and you shake your head to the insanity it was and wonder why it lasted as long as it did. Can you image – 1101 years? As communication technologies speed up the timeframe for maintaining empires or their equivalent shrinks, which in simple terms mean 1101 years is only 300 years in today’s time.  Each culture thinks it’s exceptional. USA is no different. It will fail because of stupidity. No one has your spunk, your balls and your courage to make constructive change for society as a whole. Yes, I wish that time will allow me to see you save us. My vote, go for it; you’re time as come.”

On and on it went without a clear resolution. The meeting’s discourse failed to address the second part of my concern - Will the American people as a whole sacrifice to bring our national debt to zero with the programs I proposed? Only when Jessamine spoke did I get the true picture of the American psyche.
“Look, I want to enjoy all the privilege of have my ass kissed as First Lady. I make no qualms about it and have already expressed my views to most of you. The average America is an asshole. They watch too much television, expose their lives on the Internet and spend money because the neighbor next door does. You take a dollar from their wallet and they scream bloody murder, but they’ll go out and spend two hundred dollars on something they don’t need or have the cash to buy. American lives on someone else’s money. That’s not going to change. I’m luckier because my father is very rich and he spends a lot of money on me. If he ever stopped I am like this country, I will get it, beg for it, steal for it, borrow for it. Let’s face it; a pernicious government has given us our collective lifestyles. Catcher, make my First Lady and stop of this bullshit.”

In retrospect Teagarden gave the only grounded, cogitative response.
“In America we have an identity crisis. Betrayal, predictability, fear, aggression, absurdity, selfishness, racism all rule the left side of our brains, while the other side is confidence, prudent judgment, cautions, hope, love. The conflict divides us just as the county is unable to decide.  Most of the world see us as bullies and are afraid to go against our wishes, while the average citizen embraces our benevolent nature. The truth – we make good choices only when we’re threatened, and bad choice when we experience guilt because of our opulence.
“Only catastrophes motivate people. They cry for change, but will not act to do anything out of fear of losing out. Our society is complacent and talks a good game and that’s it. Catcher, America does not want you, they only think they do. Big everything will stop you by whatever means possible.

“You intent to be the next president of the United States is a major risk to the status quo and forces our democracy to take sides. From the outset, the country was founded on liberty, not democracy. The economic and social changes you propose shaft responsibility and the management of power. Transfer of power to the poor from the rich on the simple premise that majority is supreme has never worked. History has records thousands of failures. Choosing wisely is the true safeguard of democracy. A poor democratic country, which has not monetary wealth to distribute to its people is not democratic but autocratic.”

“Can I speak?”
“Most certainly. Mr. McCall.”
“My entire policy in all its facets is to reduce the deficit and balance the yearly budget. It’s not my intent to transfer power to the poor, or anybody. Sound fiscal responsibility is the agenda. Our country is obligated under current law to mandatory payments for Medicare, Medicaid Social Security and other social programs. The present value of these deficits and unfunded obligations is $46 trillion. By my calculations these programs will significantly exceed tax revenues over the next 25 years. How do we pay for this? Don’t say foreign borrowing.”
“Your argument has merit, and government must address a sound monetary path, but not now. We cannot change the economic dynamics of the country. Foreigners own 51% of our debt, with China, Japan and Brazil major holders.  The exposure to financial or political risk is great if foreign banks stop buying Treasury securities. Your program, though well founded, will cause immediate financial and political confusion. This cannot happen. … You will withdraw you candidacy and retired from politics.”
“That if I don’t?”
“You will win the election and become president. That fact is a given less a catastrophe or withdrawal. No further attempts on your life will happen before the election. Voltaire said, ‘the ideal form of government is democracy tempered with assassination.’ You will be assassinated in public view on January 20th, the date of your inauguration.”
I laughed. “That’s absurd! You are going to kill me in plain view?”
“John F. Kennedy was killed on national television. The first day of trading on New York Stock Exchange after his death the market went up. Within three months everything was back to normal. Johnson reversed all of his crazy ideas, and the rest is history.  There’s no such thing as public opinion, only public perception. So, what will it be, Mr. McCall?”
“My policies will survive …”


PART TWO - NOTABLE QUOTES OF CATCHER McCALL

Obamanation versus Romneyville 

Famous Catcher McCall quotes in the context of being a candidate for the presidency of the United States.

"In politics there's no such thing as a Republican solution or a Democratic solution, only the right solution. Without a doubt, overall policies have no relationship to morals as a means to control many at the privilege of a select few. According to Obamanation, the rich will pay for everything, which means the poorest are included. Meanwhile, Romneyville is afraid of the future. Each candidate for the presidency is merely a hyped public relations geek who spends most of his time kissing, flattering and buying people for the privilege of shitting in the White House towel bowel for four years."

The following excerpts from gave new meaning to the substance of morality, while understanding the truth behind the noise. 

"Mr. President, Mr. Speaker and Distinguished Members of the Congress:

I present myself [Catcher McCall] with a sense of deep humbleness and pride – humbleness in the privilege just to be here, pride to be an American. Receiving the Medal of Honor, the highest military decoration awarded by the United States of America, is an entitlement only deserving to a true hero. I merely did my duty as a soldier protecting the interests of my country. 
Thank you for the opportunity of me being here today."

Dressed in formal Army blues with three rows of citation bars and two ribbons, I am wheeled away from the rostrum by a military aide. My 83-word speech is over before the peanut gallery has time to fart. As the customary clapping subsides, I am removed from the august setting like a used postage stamp.

It’s over! I received my Medal. Obamanation made his remarks and even Chaplin Rutherford blessed me. ... [A]nd assorted mucky mucks were there to shake my hand. What more does an ex-soldier want? The Medal’s not bad; a gold star surrounded by a wreath, topped by an eagle on a bar inscribed with the word “Valor” and it’s hooked to a light blue silk neckband. The thin leather case looks good too. 

"Maybe I can sell the Medal on Craigslist?"

Not in my wildest imagination did I expect to be instantly propelled into the country’s national consciousness. Granted, the White House bash gave me enough fame to buy a ham sandwich. For sure this is a banquet beyond compare. The HBO documentary - Catcher McCall and The Medal of Honor  - made me a folk hero of sorts.

With cynical remarks about the war and the country’s preoccupation of global involvement for no other purpose than to waste money, my off-the-cuff anecdotes and quirky delivery has motivated converts, not from the intellectuals, politicians or the MIC, but the little guys, the mom and pops who struggled to make ends meet in a troubling economy and the rest of the wounded sitting on the sidelines looking in.  

Poking fun at Wall Street gangsters, politicians, government agencies, especially the NSV, DHS was easy as if I had a script or something. Just talked until the director signaled me to cut.  

Media shills are in field day mode; claim I’m attempting to garner sympathy. More noise, and I don’t care to explain.  In a week this too will be old news and with it, I’ll be reduced to immaterial. Just like the Medal, the American people jump from one event to the other as if it’s a continuous commercial.  The HBO documentary is nothing more than disposable content without shelf life.

I am wrong. HBO claims it’s the top rated documentary in the history of the network and is willing to pay me seven figures for an encore. I jumped on it like a rooster on a hen. 

Even [Congressman] Baker is in the act, wants me to campaign for him. I don’t understand why, incumbents seeking re-election have a 94% chance of winning?  Even that’s rigged. With over six years on the hill, [his aid] gave me a picture I do not want to keep. Money laundering, conspiracy and obstructing justice by lying to influence whoever are merely a small part of a congressman’s bag of “honest” tricks. 

Public corruption is so widespread that if the Justice Department effectively cracks down, the United States Congress would have sixty percent less members and government, as we know it would stop on dime. How the hell did this happen?

“Congress is small potatoes, I can make it as an independent.”
Karen interprets, “Independent what?”
“President.”
She laughs. “Are you serious?”
“Serious as a virgin tryin’ to get laid for the first time.”
“Stop with the smut. It’s not funny all the time, especially now! Running for president?  You would need to file papers with the Federal Election Commission.”
“So. There’s time. My issue is the states. I would need to gain ballot access in 50 states.”
“Wow! You are serious. Been checking it out, I see?”
“Halley’s the big dog on this. Each state has rules for listing in the primary and general elections. Some states can put you on the ballot just for being recognized by the public.”
“Which one,” asks Karen?
“Massachusetts for one. As for being recognized, the PR firm HBO hired for me gets 25000 letter and emails a day that 5000 more than Obamanation gets.”
Moving to the refrigerator for a container of milk to pour into a glass, she said, “You should stop calling him that! You want anything while I’m up?”
“He’s just a cheerleader with a hidden agenda. Anyway, I like how ‘Obamanation’ rolls off my lips.”
“Halley, Bob Halley, how well do you know him?”
“Good enough to know I can win. I like it – President Catcher McCall. It’s got the right ring.”
“Like Humpy Dumpy?”
“Fuck you! You don’t think I have a chance?” 
“That’s the problem, you do. The Constitution said you qualify; a natural born citizen and 35 years old in January. “Let’s think, or maybe let’s stink?”
“Karen, what the hill is the matter with you?”
“Don’t mind me. Filing with the Federal Elections Commission is a non-brainer. You become an official candidate with $5000. For the rest, I need to check the net.”
“I have it; the filing, the money even the statement of organization. The tricky part is the states. Each one is different, but Halley has the organization. He managed more than a dozen state campaigns mostly in California and Oregon.”
“What, no federal experience?”
“He said you don’t need it. The action is in the states, control the money and you control the votes. It’s all in advertising. I have their backs, not like Obama who talks the talk but traps on the walk. Halley’s political adviser, Vaughn Allbright …”
“Wow! He’s got Allbright. He has power and big money sources, especially with super PACs.  My opinion, Super PACs should be outlawed; these non-campaign organizations that can raise and spend unlimited funds. You talk about influencing elections, super PAC money is like buying out the candy store before the kids can get in.” 
“All the bases are covered. I’m going to be the next president.”
“I like you Catcher. You’re a great guy with a heart as big as … whatever.  They’ll eat you alive. You said it a hundred times; the power is not in the presidency or the morons on Capital Hill. ‘Influence is more important than power.’ You said just yesterday in New York Times commentary.  This country runs a trillion dollar plus checkbook. You think the MIC is going to rollover because you decide to reduce foreign entanglements?” 
“My entire campaign platform is based on a simple premise – America first. Take care of the home front. Our economy is consumer drive with 80% of every dollar fueling domestic consumption. You know what that really means? We have reached a tipping point; any further increases will create so much pressure on our infrastructure, education and healthcare that there will be no means to pay for them.”
“I don’t understand?”
“Karen, here’s a simple example. Let’s assume there’s a giant shopping mall with the best products at the lowest prices, but it is in the middle of nowhere. Building roads from all directions to it would be the answer. Right? Okay, who pays for the roads, not just construction but maintenance and management? Then you have the police and fire departments, local governments and hundreds of more cost related services just to support the giant shopping mall. Property taxes from the mall, sale taxes from purchasers and other revenue streams don’t cover the cost. So what does the local and state governments do?  Raise taxes and borrow more money. But never cut or reduce services that support the mall. So there’s a gap between money out and money in. U.S. state debt surpasses $4 trillion and that number doesn’t include $3 trillion in deferments. Taxpayers don’t have a clue and even worse, Congress doesn’t care. If MIC needs a trillion dollars for a new weapons program, it’s done without Congressional appreciations and appears only as a line item.”
“So why don’t people see this?”
“Good question with no answer. Maybe it’s how the general public is being manipulated. All the noise that this country is free with abundant opportunities, but that’s just a big lie. We are not free. Our lives are controlled every second and everybody is on the clock, Not an ordinary clock but a money clock  – ticking away and if you are not fortunate enough to possess it, you are not free and subject to the restriction placed on the less privileged by a government that doesn’t care, only tolerates. Right now, the government can tolerate. What happens if employment drops 25% and consumer spending contracts an equal amount? State and the federal government will take away your current freedoms, strict your movement, your ability to make choices, and legislate or imply certain actions illegal.”
“I sorry to interrupt. What would you like for supper?”
“See what I mean? Just your tiny question is the issue.  Average citizen are so preoccupied to survive, they cannot afford to devote immediate energy because every minute is required to survive. Is that freedom?”

“Repugs can sure use you. Mitt doesn’t have the right mix. Do you really believe this country wants to elect a Wall Street financier as the President of the United States? Hell no! Then you got Santorum, Gingrich, Paul – three monkeys each with a different pose. They’re dead in the water. You! I see you right there – in the White House and be a real leader without the puppet masters.”
“You should be a political writer, you miss your calling.”
He slows the van and said, “I’m serious!”
“Just drive the fuckin’ van!”
“Come on, level with me. I don’t want to play you, but the GOP, no way. The interviews and your porchside chats speak volumes for all things except the Repugs.”

A run for the White House requires a woman like her [Jessamine Forbes] – at my side, polished with enough mystery to enthrall any man and make all women envious, dressed for the moment as if the appearance is worth the effort; her voice carries a Southern charm with a New York City swagger and Northern California innocence. 

Ninety-five days later I turn from a contender into a force that money cannot buy. Meanwhile, Bob Halley jumped from an exploratory committee host to filing Statement of Candidacy forms with the Federal Elections Commission as campaign treasurer.  At the moment he is managing a 150 deep and counting professional staff. With my national following a given, the emphasis is gaining ballot access in 50 states. Each state has a different set of rules and to maneuver behind the scenes, filing process requires the finesse of a Burmese python. Handling the heavy squeezing is Philbert Forbes, Jessamine’s father. Yep, you have it right! She wants what I want, maybe more. When first approaching her old man, he discounted me as just another cock working the hole game. Being daddy’s only little girl she won him over by saying the magic words “test the waters.” Usually an exploratory committee is organized to test name recognition. When Philbert checked me out, he tripped over his money. He has it so high; standing on it allows him to see Washington DC from Dallas without an artificial satellite.
To me his claim to fame is Jessamine. Big money muscle buys any prize, but the only real value is the daughter. You can’t take it with you, he keeps telling me. Yet the older he gets the more money shows up. Rich old men have a smell that all women find compelling. Philbert not only has the smell, he’s chairman of the Flyswatters’ Club.  He stopped asking for it 50 years ago, and now it’s pissing him off. Nevertheless, he’s a walking industry with 105 accountants, 69 lawyers, 13 investment bankers and two million serfs grinding in his gold and copper mines. Eight generations of taking from the earth has made the 84-year-old Philbert Forbes the last of his kind. Whether his daughter wants to dig in the trenches is not likely. He should have spermed more candidates.  Why does a man consider the mistakes of youth when he’s about to die? Old age use to be wrinkles, gray hair and fat; Philbert gave that up fifteen years ago. Today, he’s bald, frail and afraid. Connections ranks number three on his depth chart - Jessamine and money are one and two.  He can make or break any man, anywhere, anytime, never with violence, only with the dull point of a felt pen or a whisper. 

With Philbert, I don’t have to worry about money. For his daughter he’ll blow five billion larger just to have her shit in the White House toilet for the next four years. Money is merely a commodity to barter. Influence is the true marker.  Back the right face and your “taking head” becomes president. Many of games are played, concessions bargained and the public never gains the truth. Obama understood the rule of compromise and became the echo of someone else’s words, a marionette on invisible strings dancing to a beat out of step with his conscience. Chameleons are influencing the thoughts of his time and in doing so have changed the future to the steps of the creator. Obama is only evil to himself since all presidents are basically tools in the systematic manipulation of judgment.

“Stop! Stop!” I beg. “I don’t want to fight you. Our foreign policy is not complicated. We already have created controversy with the military establishment while the citizens on the street understand our arguments. In the 2008 election, the candidates focused in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the economy.  They basically said the same thing and the people were indifferent about the message. Obama won with only 53% of the votes. Three other parties nominated candidates with ballot access in enough states to theoretically win the minimum 270 electoral votes needed to by president. Let see – Constitution Party, the Green Party and Libertarian. Even Ralph Nadar ran his own campaign. If these four entities polled their voters and collective support they had the power to pick the winner.”
“What are you saying,” she asks?
“There’s my point. We can win if our message is simple and pure. I’m the most recognized face on the planet and with the right message, not a complicate mess; we’ll be in the White House this year and stay for more than one term. How does eight years sound?”
She smiles and jumps from the chair to kiss me. I push her away and need less distract to conclude my argument. Knowing how this girl plays, she’ll press her box into my crotch and believes al is well. No can do, today. She either understanding my thoughts or this entire exercise is a waste of time. 
“Sit down and listen, really listen to my message on foreign policy. I’m going to read it.” 
From my vest pocket I remove a tightly scribbled single sheet of paper. Unfolding it, I smile at her and read:

“Since the end of World War II, containment was the foreign policy of the United States to prevent the spread of communism not in our country by abroad. The result was a Cold War, wherein the Soviet Union responded in kind to protect their communist influences in Eastern Europe, Chine, Korean and Vietnam.  By détente and rollbacks the United States and the Soviet Union coexisted until Cold War ended in 1989 with the collapse and eventual breakup of the Soviet Union in 1991. Today our defense budget and global military spending excesses $2 trillion per year in real dollars not the off-book and ledger omissions to placate Congress and the American people. Since 1991 our military commitments have increased each year and our foreign policy is to back up our $18 trillion economy. The United States has become the big bully on the block. We flaunt our presents in whatever form is necessary to sell our brand of national interest. Global governments deal with the United States out of necessity, not because they like us or trust us.  Protecting foreign oil and other natural resources is our foreign policy.
As president, I will material shift our foreign policy from offensive to defensive. All military contingents, diplomatic staff and personal will be withdrawn from all international sectors with 24 months. Military aid in any form to a foreign government or entity will be illegal. Only economic assistance will be available and supervision by the United States Agency for International Development USAID. 
The term “defensive” shall mean – protecting from any direct attack all territories of the United States, overseen directly by the federal government and not part of a U.S. state. The entire defense and military budgets will be devoted to only defensive protection and vigilance – USDPV. The U.S. Secretary of State will be sanctioned to submit its budget and appreciation to Congress each year, fully disclosed and made part of the public record.
With the USDPV initiative, the United States will save the tax payers $1.2 trillion per year and still have the capacity to challenge and repel any aggressor.”
 
“It’s not as radical as it sounds. Granted, American industry must adjust to substantially less military spending. Other sacrifices would also be necessary. Less military and international personnel, and global logistic support means fewer jobs and higher unemployment in the short term. With an outstanding public debt of $16 trillion and increasing at $5 billion a day since 2007, we need to act quickly or this thing called the United States of American will be relegated to the strap heap of history.”
“Wouldn’t foreign powers like China take advance?”
“No!”
“Just like that?  China is building a military machine and buying world resources. Philbert said they’re cornering large chunks of South American as if it’s a fire sale.”
“Treasury Department places our debt with China at $1.3 trillion. It would cost every American $18,000 to pay it off. No, China has too much to lose. Our national debt is larger than the total economies of China, the UK and Australia combined. Our foreign policy requires that we become a creditor nation.”
“If we spend less on the military wouldn’t others consider us venerable?”
“Perhaps. But, we’ll let the world know, that a provoked attack against the United States means instant annulations of the aggressor without debate or political noise.”

“This is it, Catcher, our first primary state – New Hampshire. Media coverage is not an issue, it’s how you respond against these heavy weights.”
Bob Halley is beyond nervous. For months he’s pumped Fox News, CNN, NBC and ABC with positions papers, inside stories and whatever tidbits to air hot noise. “Media bites are what we need,” he keeps repeating. “Watch ‘em, don’t get trapped; you’re in with heavy weights.”
“Fuck these guys. Heavy weight more like heavy cream. Just talking heads with no idea how much shit we’re in.”
“Don’t get too cocky, babe,” whispers Jessamine. 
“All set? I’ll be out front. Good luck,” offers Halley.
“Fuck luck!” I reply. “No smiles or signals, you got it!”
Halley quickly nods his head and is out the door.
Youthful political consult, Martin Dorsey, said, “The moderator is instructed to give you limited opportunities, so make the most of it.”
“To got script.”
 “The Party allowed you to participate. Lunceford is only accommodating. ”
“Stop! How many more time are you goin’ to repeat it?” 
Allbright said, “You can gauge the tenor of their remarks by the applauses.” 
“Hell no! Check the crowd! Kids, college brats still farting in bottles and smelling the fumes. Allbright, most of the times you confuse me. Hey, take a walk and bring Dorsey with you!”

A scheme is played on the American people, I reason. The public psyche buys the flash with imprints of a face, a phrase, a smile, even a mistake, to propel the want-to-be into national prominence. Millions of dollars are spent on less than 200,000 voters out of a million eligible means it’s a media circus without value except to sell commercial time and for the puppet makers to decide which strings to pull. To the countrywide public this mickey mouse state becomes more than what it is – a pisshole without a pot.  Adding to the insult is the use of dead bodies to vote; a Democratic Party trick since the Kennedy days of 1960s. Photo ID for anyone casting a vote is a simple solution. Somehow discrimination against minorities claimed by the DP mixes the idea.  This excuse smacks of racial profiling, but so what, the opinion is only in the mind of the beholder. Here’s another reason why the country’s frozen in the shit of unintended consequences. 
I’m at the campus of Saint Anselm College in a utility closet off the main stage. Since the ‘50s, the Catholic college hosts the run through and every four years enjoys the few hours of fame.
Jessamine looks sharp in a black classic sheath dress shaped in soft stretch wool. A single back slit adds that degree of mystery, I love.  Over her arm is a black tailored wool jacket.
“Are you ready,” she asks?
“Most definitely. From Armistead lips, we’ll win this.”
“So confident?”
“You know the score, all light weights. I’m glad you’re here to see ‘em fall.”
Dorsey reminds me. “The deal’s the same.”
“You still here? I told Halley to take you outside.”
“Lunceford is here.” 
“So!” I bark. “I know – don’t win I closeout my run and endorse the Repugs.” 

The auditorium is full – mostly college kids upfront.  Clapping irrupts as the other debaters enter the same time and proceed to their assigned chairs. The moderator, a spindly old lady who’s named is Fay Wray. I wonder if she was in the ‘30s King Kong movie?
“By agreement, Mr. McCall, we begun with you, sir.”
Her voice sounds as old as she looks. Fortunately, I know the layout, but let’s slow this down a bit. Part of the bargain to get here requires me to go first. Fuck it! I decide to defer to Newt Gingrich. Halley and Allbright have a fit. Their faces express annoyance.  Only Jessamine is cool, legs crossed and patiently waiting as if a fashion show is about to begin. 
“That’s … that’s not allowed Mr. McCall.”
Gingrich echoes in. “No problem, madam moderator, I’ll start.”
She hesitates. Upon receiving a nod from an unknown male figure standing at the curtain’s periphery, she stutters, “Con-Congress Ging-rich, we-we begin with you, sir.”
“I’m Newt Gingrich. And I’ve developed a program for America energy so no future president will ever bow to a Saudi king again and so every American can look forward to $2.50 a gallon gasoline.”
A signal facing the peanut gallery in a concealed box flashes – APPLAUSE.
$2.50 a gallon, what happened to a buck thirty?
The 500 strong actors clap together like a colony of seals. Jessamine throws a wink in my direction. I follow with a nose gesture like Paul Newman in The Sting. When the noise subsides, the next candidate said, “I’m Congress Ron Paul, a congressman from Texas.  I am the defender of the Constitution. I am the champion of liberty. I have a roadmap to peace and prosperity.”
A signal facing the peanut gallery in a concealed box flashes – APPLAUSE.
What the hell is this ‘A roadmap to peace and prosperity’? Paul is one horse short for a merry-go-round.
“I’m Rick Santorum.” After fiddling with his glasses he continues. “We have a lot of trouble around the world, as you see, the Middle East in fames, and what’s going on in this country with gas prices and the economy?  And I’m here to talk about a positive solutions that confronts this country that include everybody from the bottom up.”
A signal facing the peanut gallery in a concealed box flashes – APPLAUSE.
This guy still has shit in his pants. ‘Middle East in fames’ how do you think that happened, asshole?
Mitt Romney is next, anxious to get this over with, believing he has a lock atop the Republican ticket and to be the next president. In private he calls Obama “the blackie with BO that’s got to go!” 
“I’m Mitt Romney. And there was a time in this country when you knew that if you worked hard and went to school, and if you learned the values of America in your home, that you could count on having a secure future and a prosperous life. That was an America promise, and I’m going to do that.”
A signal facing the peanut gallery in a concealed box flashes – APPLAUSE.
The ovation has all the marking of the next president.
Not bad, simple, to the point and he hit the rights buttons.
“I’m Catcher McCall, ex-Army helicopter pilot and born right here in the U.S.A. Once I was proud to be an America. Somewhere along the line, I discovered that our country doesn’t belong to us. If you own a house and have mortgage on it – do you own that house? Hell no! If you don’t pay someone can take it away from you. That’s what’s going on in our country. With $16 trillion … just hear it again … we owe sixteen trillion dollars to other countries, to other people. It would cost every American $18,000 to pay it off.  Do you have $18,000 to give to your country right now, to bailout the politicians, and whoever is in Washington that caused this mess? With your help we can get back our country.”
The applauses are so deafening that the walls and floor vibrated for at least six minutes. From outside I can hear people cheering. The statement I made is not new, why the sudden eruption?  
The moderator, Fay Wray said, “Let's get started on the important issues with a question from our audience. 
A slight man stands and waits to recognize him.
“Sir, please tell us who you are and state your question.”
“My name is Gilbert Feldner from Claremont, New Hampshire, and I'd like to ask this question to all the candidates if I could? Since the first time in 65 years our national debt exceeds our gross national product, what are you going to do to bring down the debt?” 
After a ‘thank you’ by the mediator, Senator Santorum begins to speak.
“Thank you, Gilbert.  I put together a specific plan that cuts $5 trillion over five years, that spends less money each year for the next four years that I'll be president of the United States. So it's not inflation-adjusted, it's not baseline-budgeting. We're actually going to shrink the actual size of the federal budget, and we're going to do so by dealing with the real problem. 
“And here's where I differentiate myself from everybody else, including, obviously, the president. I actually have experience on tackling the toughest problems that we have in this country, and that's the growth of entitlement spending. Obviously, the first thing we need to do is repeal Obamacare. That's the one entitlement that we can get rid of.”
Idiot box applause sign is flashed. For a touch of drama media cameras scan the clapping heads.
Santorum continues,  “And that's a couple trillion dollars in spending over the next 10 years. But there's bigger issues.  When I was born, less than 10 percent of the federal budget was entitlement spending. It's now 60 percent of the budget. Some people have suggested that defense spending is the problem. When I was born, defense spending was 60 percent of the budget. It's now 17 percent. If you think defense spending is the problem, then you need a remedial math class to go back to. Defense spending will not be cut under my administration, but we will go after all of the means-tested entitlement programs -- Medicaid, food stamps, all of those programs -- and do what we did with welfare. 
“We cut the welfare -- we cut spending on welfare, froze it and then we block granted it to the states and gave them the flexibility to run that program they way they saw fit with two provisos. 
“Number one, there would be a time limit on welfare and a work requirement. We were going to said that poverty is not a disability. That these programs need to be transitional in nature. We need to do the same thing with Medicaid. We need to do the same thing with -- with food stamps. All of the other means tests of entitlement programs.
“And unlike the Paul Ryan plan -- I see I'm out of time, but unlike the Paul Ryan plan, we also will deal with Medicare and Social Security, not 10 years from now. But we need to start dealing with it now because our country is facing fiscal bankruptcy.”
Applause has zip and goes to prove that sound bites sell, even if he can’t change the direction of an ocean liner with a wooden paddle.
“All right, thank you,” utters Fay Wray. “Governor Romney, I'm wondering if that answer satisfied you? Just in recent days you said this, quote, ‘If you want a fiscal conservative, you can't vote for Rick Santorum because he's not.’   Did he answer your questions there?”
Mitt Romney shows a half-ass smile and said, “Well, I'm looking at his historic record, which voting for raising the debt ceiling five different times without voting for compensating cuts. Voting to keep in place Davis-Bacon, which cost about $100 billion over -- over 10 years. Voting to fund Planned Parenthood, to expand the Department of Education. During his term in the Senate, spending grew by some 80 percent of the federal government. But I -- but I want to respond to Gilbert's question, which I think is a critical one.
“And that is as you -- as you look at this country, I'm a guy who has lived in the world of business. If you don't balance your budget in business, you go out of business. So I've lived balancing budgets. I also served in the Olympics, balanced a budget there. And -- and served in the states. And all four years I was governor, we balanced the budget. Here's what I'd do at the federal level, I would divide all of the programs into three major places for opportunity to reduce costs. 
“Number one, I'm going to go through every single program and ask if we can afford it. And if not, I'm going to said, is this program so critical that it's worth borrowing money from China to pay for it? And if not, I'm going to get rid of it. 
“Number two, I'm going to take programs...”
Romney is interrupted by mild applauses and in due course continues. “I'm going to take programs that are important, but that could be better run at the state level and send them back to the states as a block grant and that included Medicaid and -- and housing vouchers and food stamps. These programs for the poor, to be run more efficiently and can be run with less fraud and abuse at the state level. 
“And then finally number three, with what's left of government, I'm going to cut the employment by 10 percent. And I'm going to link the pay of government workers with the pay in the private sector. Government servants shouldn't get paid more than the people who are paying taxes.”                                   
Applause has depth with more enthusiasm. Good start but still on the same ocean liner.
To Rick Santorum, Fay Wray declares, “Well, the governor talks about raising the debt ceiling. There was a debt ceiling vote this summer and the governor was asked the question whether he would have voted to raise the debt ceiling ultimately and he said, yes. What are you take?”
Santorum clears his throat and offers, “Because government has to pay their bills, we can't default. What happened the -- the 12 years I was in the United States Senate, we went from the debt to GDP ratio, which is now over 100 percent. When I came to the Senate it was 68 percent of GDP. When I left the Senate it was 64 percent of GDP. 
“So government as a size of the economy went down when I was in the United States Senate. Sure I had some votes. Look, I think we've all had votes that I look back on I -- I wish I wouldn't have voted -- No Child Left Behind, you're right, it lead to education spending. That's why I've said that we need to cut and eliminate No Child Left Behind and -- and education funding from the federal government, move it back to the local level where it belongs where parents and local communities can deal with that.
“But if you look at my record on spending, on taking on entitlements, never having voted for an appropriation bill increase. You look at -- at my record of never having raised taxes. Governor Romney raised $700 million in taxes and fees in Massachusetts. I never voted to raise taxes. Governor Romney even today suggested raising taxes on the top 1 percent, adopting the Occupy Wall Street rhetoric. I'm not going to adopt that rhetoric. I'm going to represent 100 percent of Americans. We're not raising taxes on anybody.
To Mitt Rommey, the moderator sneers, “There were so many misrepresentations there, it's going to take me a little while. Number one, I said today that we're going to cut taxes on everyone across the country by 20 percent, including the top 1 percent. So that's number one. Number two, I said yes we should increase the debt ceiling in this last vote, but only if we have a cut, cap and balance provision put in place. Only in that case. And, therefore, I did not agree with the deal that was done in Washington. That was the wrong way to go.” 
Checking her notes before continuing, Fay Wray said, “and finally, Senator during your term in Congress, the years you've been there, government has doubled in size. You voted to raise the debt ceiling five times without compensating cuts in spending. In my view, we should not raise the debt ceiling again until we get compensating cuts in spending. A cut, cap and balance approach must be taken.”
Perfunctory applause.
I like her spunk. Poked him right in the eye. Good girl! 
Fay Wray continues to speak. “Mr. Speaker, join the conversation. Address Gilbert's question and if you so choose, address some criticism you've received on this issue from this state's senior Senator campaigning for governor Romney. He questioned your credentials on fiscal conservatism.”
Gingrich said, “Well when I was speaker, as I'm sure he remembers, we balanced the budget for four consecutive years, the only time in his lifetime. So I think that's a good place to start with Gilbert's question. We're meeting tonight on the 280th anniversary of George Washington's birth. You go back and look at the founding fathers; they'd have had very clear messages. Hamilton would have said you have to have jobs and economic growth to get back to a balanced budget. You're never going to balance the budget on the back of a highly unemployed country. And so I would be committed, first of all, to a program of jobs and economic growth. 
“Second, the energy issue is enormous. The leading developer of North Dakota oil estimated recently that, if we would open up federal land and open up offshore, you would have $16 trillion to $18 trillion -- not billion -- trillion dollars in royalties to the federal government in the next generation, an enormous flow which would drive down prices to $2.50 a gallon, would help us balance the budget and would create millions of jobs. 
“Finally, I agree generally with the need to reform government. I think that, if we were prepared to repeal the 130-year-old civil service laws, go to a modern management system, we could save a minimum of $500 billion a year with a better system. And if we then applied the tenth amendment, as Governor Rick Perry has agreed to head up a project on, I think we can return to the states an enormous share of the power that's currently in Washington, D.C.”
Dead fish applause, why? He has it straight and the only one up here, besides me, with an honest plan.
The moderator doesn’t allow the noise to completely stop before saying, “Congressman Paul, you've questioned the conservative -- fiscal conservative credentials of all these gentlemen but particularly this week Senator Santorum. You have a new television ad that labels him a fake. Why?”
Ron Paul answers, “Because he’s fake.”
Laughter ensues from the peanut gallery.
“I’m real, John. I’m real,” insists Santorum.
Paul smears. “Congratulations!”
Laughter continues.
Ron Paul responds further, “No. I find it really fascinating that, when people are running for office, they're really fiscally conservative. When they're in office, they do something different. And then when they explain themselves, they said, ‘Oh, I want to repeal that.’
“So the senator voted for No Child Left Behind, but now -- he voted for it, but now he's running on the effort to get rid of it. So I think the record is so bad, you know, with the politicians. 
“And, you know, nobody accuses me of not having voted for too much. They're always accusing me for not voting for enough. And I've been running in office, in office off and on for a good many years, and over all those years, I've never voted for a budget deficit. I never voted to increase the national debt. 
“As a matter of fact, there's only one appropriation bill I voted for, and that was for veterans. I assumed, from the 1970s on, that we were embarking on a very dangerous path, and we're involved in that danger right now. 
“So this idea of being fiscally conservative now that we're running for office and we're going to repeal something that we did before, I mean, this -- it loses credibility is what our problem is. The one thing that I think should annoy all Americans is the voting for foreign aid? I mean, just think there are foreign aid packages that are huge, and when the member votes for it, they don't said, well, this money is going to A, B, C, because I love that country, but it's the principle of the way the government works. You vote for foreign aid because, for some weird reason, it's supposed to be good for America, but then it goes and helps all our enemies. That's what I disapprove of.”
Wow! Paul is on the money. He’s has the right approach to make everyone accountable. I would vote for this guy, not because he’s from Texas.
Moderator said, “Senator Santorum, respond quickly.”
Santorum offers, “Ron, The Weekly Standard just did a review, looking at the National Taxpayers Union, I think, Citizens Against Government Waste, and they measured me up against the other 50 senators who were serving when I did and they said that I was the most fiscally conservative senator in the Congress in the -- in the 12 years that I was there.  My -- my ratings with the National Taxpayers Union were As or Bs. They were very high from the Citizens Against Government Waste. I got a hero award.  I was a leader, as you know, on taking on tough issues, which is the entitlement programs, not just welfare reform, but I also worked on Medicare reform and Medicaid reform and also was a leader on trying to deal with Social Security. And I did that not representing one of the most conservative districts in the state of Texas but in the state of Pennsylvania, with the second largest per capita population of seniors in the country. And I can tell you those seniors really cared about Social Security. Why? Because all my rich seniors moved to Florida and New Hampshire. And ...”
Laughter interrupts to underscore the lies.
Santorum continues with  “... and what's left -- what's left in Pennsylvania is folks who relied on Social Security. And I was out there as a Republican senator, a conservative voting record, over a 90 percent conservative voting record from the American Conservative Union.  … By the way, Ron, you ranked 145th in the bottom half of Republicans this year in a conservative voting record from that same organization. We had a strong record in a tough state to be a conservative. If I can stand up in the state of Pennsylvania, which hasn't elected a Republican president since 1988, and have a strong principled voting record on issues that were tough in my state, senior issues, imagine now, as president of the United States, with a Tea Party movement and a conservative -- a riled-up conservative base, what we can accomplish in Washington, D.C.”
Ron Paul said in a clear even voice, “You know, that's always a cop-out when you compare yourself to the other members of Congress. The American people are sick and tired of the members of Congress. They get about a 9 percent rating. But this whole thing about comparison of conservative votes, I think you make a very important point. I don't rate what, at the top. If it's spending or on taxes I'm at the very top because I vote for the least amount of spending and the least amount of taxes, which means that some of the conservative ratings -- you have to realize sometimes conservatives want to spend money, too. When it comes to overseas spending, you vote for the foreign aid. Conservatives are quite pleased with spending money overseas. But if you're a strict fiscal conservative and a constitutionalist you don't vote for that kind of stuff and so you can't just go by the ratings.”
Fay Wray looks in my direction as if offering me passage on the Titanic. “Mr. McCall, you are an outsider, so to speak, with a most unusual background. Without experience in public office what would you do?”
Applause explodes as if the entire peanut gallery is thrust from a cannon.
I raise me hands with a back and forward motion to quiet the crowd. Eventually they regain their seat nad reduce the noise volume. I said, “Lincoln said, ‘It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues.’ You have all the reflections, all the good intentions, but in the end the results from your efforts are simply the experiences I call mistakes. We got here as a nation on our success to effectively manage natural resources for the good of our citizens. Today we have become the wasters of the world’s resources and have manipulated events to insure instability to protect, what we consider our god given rights, to oil, and the fruits of our desires. The only way to finally become an equal partner with the world is to materially reduce our dependence to debt and start living within our means. You don’t have to look far, every day someone is complaining of the high cost of living, the inefficiencies of government and the reckless borrowing to support our consumer driven economy. Just look in your homes, there must be at least 500 items you cannot do without, and still have 99 percent more than the average world occupant. The policy of the United States government is based on waste. Waste creates jobs, jobs create consumers and consumers spend, usually on things they don’t need.  I am not saying we should live under a rock, only that we must understand that always taking without giving back means a bigger, and bigger government that eventually cannot print enough money to support our collective life styles.”
Robust applauses are so fanatical; I stand up to calm down the spectators. The other candidates look on in amazement. At length, I am finally allowed to say, “In conclusion, we must reduce out national debt, consolidate government to condense unnecessary costs and to retool our citizen to survive a 21st century world. I have a plan, and with the help and understand of all of us, we can find a way to become a passionate creditor nations, free of foreign entanglements, living as a beneficiary of the world’s resources to support mankind as an equal inhabitant. ”
The applause constantly rumbles until the audience exhausts its energy and then they start to hum ‘God Bless America.’ The sounds takes the form of a prayer as the chorus calls out ‘as we raise our voices in solemn pray for God’s blessing and peace for the nation’ … ‘stand beside her and guide her through the night …’. Many spectators of all ages begin to cry, along with members of the camera crew and media handlers.
Fay Wray attempts to gain control of the audience by repeatedly banging her gavel.  Program mangers at Fox News, CNN, NBC and ABC keep the telecast live without commercial interruption as hundreds of thousands of viewers jam telephone lines and the Internet. A news reporter at Fox begins to cry on national T.V. Similar acts across the nation signal a new consciousness last witnessed after the Japs attacked Pearl Harbor.
There’s nothing Fay Wray to do, but allow the audience to exhaust themselves, which they did not do.

“We did it,” declares Halley from the command center in Dallas. “You’re qualified for the minimum 270 electoral votes and will appear on the ballots of all 50 states.”
Martin Dorsey said, “Too bad direct election is not allowed. Our consensus numbers show we can win in a landside. Check this,” He fingers to the last page of the computer printout sheet. “Right now by popular vote we’re 2.7 to 1 favorite over Repugs, all candidates combined, and 1.9 to 1 favorite over Obamanation.”
“Stop wasting time,” challenges Allbright. It’s the Electoral College that counts. The voters of each state and DC pick electors. Without an amendment indirect voting rules. Why the debate, here?”
Jessamine said, “You said earlier, Vaughn, that the swing states disproportionately influence the selection process?”
Allbright rolls back on the leather chair. “As I said, California, Texas, New York and Florida are the key swing states. Collectively they have 151 electors. Carry their electoral votes and we win!”
“How does that figure,” I ask?
Halley answers. “The most populous states have the most seat in the House of Representatives, they also have the electors.  The process is innately unfair.”
“Why?”
“Catcher, anything can happen in the dark. Electors are free to vote for anyone eligible, but in practice they pledge to vote for specific candidates.”
“True,” said Allbright, “but its also winner takes all.”
Jessamine interrupts with a question. “Is that the same as a short ballot?”
“Yes. Voters choose among a slate of candidates for electors. 48 states and DC employ the winner-take-all method. Maine and Nebraska have a districting scheme.”
I’m confused. “Why the debate? Winner-take-all means with a popular vote the electors must go with the majority.”
“Yes and no, Catcher,” said Halley. “ The presidential election of 1968 ended with Nixon receiving 301 electoral votes to Humphrey’s 191. Here’s the topper – Nixon got 511,944 more popular votes than Humphrey, equaling less than 1% of the national total.”
“Tricky Dick still won?” 
“True. If the numbers are rigged swing states can turn an election.”
Allbright offers. “Majority of voting machines are electronic with optical scanner, which can be programs to create any result, and I mean any result.  Take California for example, last major state for polls to close with 25 million eligible voters. You have 55 electoral votes up for grabs; winner of the popular vote takes all. That single popular vote guarantees where 55 electoral votes go.”
“You’re telling us the votes are rigged?”
“Yes, Jessamine. Their rigged and everybody knows it.”
I ask. “What do we do?”
“More so in close contests,” adds Allbright.
Halley responds to Jessamine’s question. “Vigilance at the local inspection centers and the primary calculation points. Heinz Hughes, our resident specialist, checks any anomaly; foremost software engineer whose Big O notations are the basis of algorithmic technologies used in the voting machines. He claims that since the advent of high-speed composition 29% of all congressional races are rigged and at least two presidential contests. As for the primaries – all of them are not reliable for a variety of reasons.”
“Wow!” The more and more I am exposed to the underbelly, the less I believe in my country. To me it’s like a giant shell game where lies win. Truth is no longer the alternation option for sound government. 
“Let’s speed this up a bit,” said Allbright while down the remainder of his beer. “John Stevens from the RNC will be arriving shortly. It already 3 o’clock and we have at least 15 more items to cover.  Okay Bob, the VP slot.”
Halley distributes resumes of two potential running mates. 
“Irene B. Rosenfeld is currently Chairwoman and CEO of Kraft Foods, Cornell University Board of Trustees. Second most powerful women behind Michelle Obama, mother of two grown daughters, knows the business landscape, great speaker, competitive, excellent work ethic, Jewish. She has our position pages on military appropriates on the defensive initiative, the proposed Health Care Alternative Option Act,  Federal Tax Reform Advantage and repeal of the Federal Reserve Act, Clear Air & Water Improvement Initiative  and amendment of the Homeland Security Act. She’s in accord with our platform except FRA. She believes the modification of the dual mandate would reduce abuses and the Act is viable. 
“The second candidate is Susan Elizabeth Rice. Currently she’s American foreign policy advisor and Ambassador to UN. Married to ABC News producer, at National Security Council for 4 years. On board with the platform but not too keen of ‘defensive initiative’ claims not appropriate with China emerging as economic power and would seek oil resources at expense of US interests. … Okay any ideas?”
“Wasn’t Billy Baker up for consideration,” asks Dorsey?
I shot back, “Hell no, the guy’s get his hand out for any deal. I believe he’s the worst on the Hill. Claims he can win  in ’16 and wants a cabinet seat from Obama to give him more reorganization.”
“You did make him famous, catcher,” said Jessamine.
Dorsey laughs. “Yah, the guy’s a tick.”
“All right,” said Allbright, “Rosenfeld is my choice. She adds business experience and counter-balances your middle-road appeal.”
“No problem with me,” I said. “But let’s hold off until Syd gets back.”
The buzzer rings and Jessamine answers it.
“John Stevens just arrived.”
Before Allbright exits for the National Republican Party Chairman, he said, “Check off the points on my list, but we need to decide today what to do about the HBO mini-series - The Life and Times of Catcher McCall. I know Catcher, you’re not shrilled, but will not hurt.”
“No. I settle right now. Pass.”
“It’ $5 mil,” reminds Jessamine.
“Like we need it?”
“Honey, just being frugal.”

That evening I’m at a dinner party with Jessamine and her father, Philbert. The occasion is another fundraiser, like we need the money? As it stands we have sufficient funds to carry the campaign to fruition. To date  $600 million has been pigeonholed with a complete paper trail. In the 2008 run to the White House, Obama spent $750 million of which much of the reporting documentation failed to disclose all the sources. Our auditing staff claims Obama spent over a billion. That’s a big chunk of money for a puppet sitting on the White House toilet for a mere four years. 
As I said before, Philbert Forbes funded most of my march to the purported candy store.  What’s heartwarming, the little fundraising we have done shows loyalty to our cause. A simple program initiated by Dorsey – Send a dollar and support Catcher for President – generated $81 million and growing by $5 million a month. Even thought it’s a drop in the bucket, the response confirms an audience beyond the questionable fame I garnered from the Medal and ...


Tomorrow at 8:00 pm I plan to broadcast the second most important plank of my campaign -  Health Care Alternative Options Act – HCAOP.  So why am I here listening to rich people complain about being fined $250 for not picking up sidewalk dog shit from their $4000 mongrels? 
As president I intend to present a bill to void The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, better known as ObamaCare. My objective is to make healthcare compulsory, provided mainly by the public sector with control and funding derives from the federal government. Davis Esterbrook and Bill Upton from Greyhawk’s staff are designing the hardcore structuring of HCAOP.  Davis is on six-month sabbatical from Brooke Army Medical Center and is with me in Dallas, while Bill remains in residence at GPC in Norwood, MA. The final draft is delivered to me just before we are about the leave, which created further annoyance by Jessamine. She nagged all night about being distant and my inability to be cordial with her friends.  Even her father is a prick, keeps remaining me of the money he’s spending. His daughter is pushing the buttons to have him spend like a whorehouse junky. Personally, I don’t need the Hollywood glitz and the rolling commercials on the major networks. Good old fashion recognition allows by ideas to be aired, while the feedback makes the run credible. But without the old man, especially being on the ballot in every state, my campaign would have had a short life.  Indeed, big money opens doors. It’s true what he said – Money talks, bullish walks!
Jessamine is pissing in my left ear; the right side of my brain is absorbing the talking points of tomorrow’s telecast. 

Health Care Alternative Option Act – HCAOP is a complete departure how medical services are administered. Our approach provides compulsory health care and completely integrated in 10 years. 
The primary element is the doctors’ corp. 
Fifty USA Universities will be created and offer a three-year undergraduate degree program and four years medical school curriculum.  All U.S. citizen are eligible by passing an entrance examination and entering into a ‘Contract of Performance”.  Upon qualifying the individual is provided with a free education, including housing, living expense and training aids. At the end of the six-year period the individual who successful complete the tenure, he/she is assigned to one of 10,000 sanctioned hospitals (USA Medical Hospital – USAMH) with a total capacity of two million staffed beds. Upon completing residency training, the intern doctor obtains an eligibility license to practice medical, but the license is only valid in a USAMH.  If an individual elects to be a private doctor not affiliated with USAMH, he/she must complete fifteen years of residence before fulfilling the Contract of Performance obligations.
Conversely, today’s future doctors are required to complete a 4-year undergraduate degree program, spend four years in medical school and then complete 3 to 7 years of residency training before obtaining an eligibility license to practice medical.  Therefore, an individual is required to devote 11 to 15 years to be allowed to treat a medical patience. According to an American Medical Association survey, the average cost of medical school is $175,000, which doesn’t cover the cost of the undergraduate degree, rooms and board, training materials, fees and tuition at $55,000 annually. Thus, the cost is $395,000 plus $75,000 of extraneous costs associated with becoming a doctor. For $470,000 the want-to-be-doctor still must complete 3 to 7 years of residency training before obtaining an eligibility license to practice medicine. 

By 1:30 am, I’m aboard a private jet to DC with Bob, Vaughn and Syd. At the last minute Jessamine passes on the trip, exercising her prerogative of being a pain in the ass. Our close bounding has faded into a bearable existence. The White House is her marker and I’m merely the carrier pigeon. The destination is the National Press Club for 9:30 am production run-through for scheduled airing at 8:00 pm that evening. I’m to give a 45-minute presentation with charts and assorted posters. At intervals in the staging, questions will be flashed on the screen with a voiceover on a specific question related to the topic already presented. The approach makes sense, but I never did it for. After a few posting I am able to carry the speech without losing the flow of my prepared content.

At length I said, “ The cost for the entire effort to become at doctor without a specialty is over one million dollars. 
High cost of education to be a doctor is the single reason why doctor expenses for treatment are so high.”

“Today, we have nationwide shortage of 14,000 doctors in all specialties. By 2015 it is predicted to hit 75,000 and 200,000 by 2025. At present, 954,000 physicians practice in the United States of which 15% will retire in ten years. As our population ages, the doctor shortage will be a big issue than funding healthcare.  If not addressed now, along with the programs outline under my Health Care Alternative Option Act – HCAOP, we face catastrophic damage to the health of our citizens.”
 
“Let’s look at ObamaCare passed by Congress on March 21, 2010. Obamanation lied to the America people about its cost, manipulated the standard 10-year cost projection and cost $1 trillion - $939 billion to be exact as the Congressional Budget Office – CBO projects.  Now the rigged costless years 2010 and 2011 are history, the true 10-year price tag is a killer. From 2013 to 2022, the CBO reports the costs of ObamaCare is $1.75 trillion, double the phony original number. 
“Wait, it gets worse. Annual gross costs after 2021 are more than $500 million each year until forever. We cannot go down this road. An alternative strategy must be in place within two years or our country will not survive as we know it today.”
 
“Health Care Alternative Option Act – HCAOP . The total cost in 10 years is $900 billion, an amount less than the Federal Reserve and Congress gave away in less than five hours to bailout the big banks and save Wall Street.”

“I’m only a simple American with only one object. I want our country to survive the next 100 years for the benefit of my future children and their children and yours, and theirs, theirs and theirs. No hidden agenda, no fake promises, but determination to do the right thing.
“I don’t care if you vote someone else. America’s greatness resides in the hearts and minds of the people who can rise above the noise and search for the truth. Health Care Alternative Option Act is the best solution to provide universal healthcare and have it effective administrated and funded.”

By 12:15 pm we had in the can and about to leave the studio when Benny Arnold shows. While Armistaed and Allbright attend to campaign business, Halley remains behind.
“Like what you’re selling.”
“So, what’s up? Benny, this is my campaign treasurer, Bob Halley.”
“Can we talk alone?”
“Said anything, Bob is one of us.”
Arnold shows a nervous laugh.
“Benny is an Army buddy from As-fucking-ghanistan. Saw a lot of bullshit together.” 
“I need to speak to you privately, it’s … important.”
“Don’t mind him Bob, he’s now CIA and conditioned to be an asshole. I said, if you want to talk, let’s hear it or get lost. You gave me bullshit info on Na’imah and I’m not playin’ anymore. So if you got noise, blow it!” 
Arnold stares at me with his cold blue eyes. His skinny frame and towhead red hair makes him look like a cartoon character. Finally he said, “I want you to meet Ted Grant, he’s chief liaison on the Afghanistan desk.”
“No good! If your Grant wants to talk have him call me?  I’ll be in Philly tonight and Boston on Thursday, all day.”
“Why not now?”
“Bob go talk to him. I need time to work on the Federal Reserve speech.”
“No you!”
Arnold takes a firm hold of my arm.
“Are you fuckin’ kidding? Look punk, tell Grant, he wants to talk have him show. Let go, or I’ll slap you down.”
Arnold pulls back and walks away.
As they watch him disappear into the elevator, Halley said, “I think you should have gone. This guy …”
“No. I know what they want. Hints to drop the bid.”
“What? Call off …”
“Yep, that’s the score. They don’t want me rocking the boat.”
“Did you tell Security?”
“No. You’re the first to know.”
“You need to get Syd in the loop, maybe Philbert. Bobby Kennedy got killed for less.”


The Answer & Question Soiree is the first of its kind and about to be staged at the Dell Music Center located in scenic East Fairmount Park, Philadelphia’s premier outdoor venue.  With 5,300 seats and 900 on the lawn, the site is ideal to gauge direct public response to the issues of the day and determine first hand the need to tweak our platform, if necessary.
To get seats they waited since seven in the morning. By 1:30 pm fifteen thousand people transform the usually placid East Fairmount Park into a jubilee with portable kiddy rides, vendors hawking everything you can pick up and eat to what you can carry away. The scheduled two o‘clock kick-off is postponed for a technical glitch with the sound systems.  We plan to give Bob a minute of silence, but I decide to mourn his death privately. The crowd is enthusiastic, applauding and cheering when I take a bow. Finally I said,
“Hello, my names is Catcher McCall
… and I’m here to share my vision
of our America with you. 
 One day someone must take a stand. 
Today, I said, ‘ enough is enough’ ...”
After the noise subsides, I presented my case to redefine the America character and in the process return our great country to the people, not the special interests group that have manipulated policy since World War II.  My argument is not to throw money at a problem and kick the dilemma down the road for someone else to tackle it, but to address it straight up and fix it now.  Health Care Alternative Option Act, Federal Tax Reform Advantage and repeal of the Federal Reserve Act, Clear Air & Water Improvement Initiative and amendment of the Homeland Security Act are where it starts.
As I look at the audience their faces express confidence, loyalty, even pride that just maybe someone is defending us against the status quo. I don’t make this remark as an ego trip, only by the thousands of letters we receive each week that confirm a just battle, defending their rights to make constructive changes for all the citizens, not the select few who have turned the United States into their private club, while the rest of the population struggles to survive. After outlining our intentions, I open the floor to questions:
Queuing to the microphone is a line twenty or more deep, and increasing.
“Your healthcare option makes sense, but what if I don’t want to use the federal hospitals?”
“Health Care Alternative Option Act will provide the right of all citizens to select healthcare, a doctor and treatment outside the USA Medical Hospital network. However, when a citizen elects that option, he or she must pay for the healthcare from his or her own pocket without any tax credits or deductions? We have prepared a fact sheet and specific bulletins on this question that explains how Health Care Alternative Option Act will function – ask for Bulletins 11045 and 15416. Both will be sent to you without cost. Also, we have our staff here with copies of the bulletins mentioned.”
“I want to be a doctor and to college in two years, maybe if my dad and mom, can afford it?  If I enroll in Medical Universities everything is free?”
“Not free, you must earn the privilege to be a doctor. To be qualified to practice medicine, you must have a passing grade for a three-year undergraduate degree program and four years medical school curriculum. Then you must complete residency training to be eligibility for a license to practice medical, but the license is only valid in a USAMH.”
“If I want to be doctor but want to get an education outside of the federal program can I do so, and if I do, does the education loans programs and grants still available?”
“Certainly. You can apply to an unaffiliated college or university to be educated to be doctor. Only you are required an extra year of undergraduate study before qualifying to attend medical school and pay for the entire process to be licensed as a doctor. Your cost in today’s dollar is $1,050,000, and that’s if you don’t specialize in a tertiary field.
“Please let me add. We conducted a survey of the last 8000 licensed doctors registered from state records, and determine that 84% came from families with gross income per year greater than $250,000.  The median AGI last year was $33.048. What does that mean? Poor people cannot afford to send their kids to medical school and become doctors. Let me repeat this fact. If you’re family doesn’t have a yearly gross income of $250,000, forget about being a doctor.
“There’s another issue requiring an answer. What happens if students don’t want to devote 15 years of their lives to be a doctor, who will be available to offer healthcare? 
“At the current rate and without a definitive policy to attract students to the doctoring profession, by 2025 our country will face a 200,000 shortage of qualified doctors. ObamaCare in all its purported glory has not addressed the quality of care issue. The line of defense is the doctor. You don’t want to be forced into questionable care because of the lack of licensed doctors. Health Care Alternative Option Act must be law or we face catastrophic damage to the health of our citizens.” 
“If I have this correctly, your proposed Federal Tax Reform Advantage will increase tax receipts by 50% over the current tax laws. How does it work? Also, does everyone pay taxes?”
“Our proposed Federal Tax Reform Advantage is a flat tax format were all deductions and depletion allowances are eliminated. Gross revenue or earnings by an individual or an unaffiliated corporation below $40,000 does not pay federal taxes. All corporations charted or doing business in the United States or having affiliates or subsidiaries outside the United States with at least a 50 equity interest are also required to have a flat taxes of 15% on gross sales, while individual or joint return holders are required to pay 12% of gross revenue above $40,000 per year.
“Now let’s look at the numbers to see if Federal Tax Reform Advantage flies. Last your Government Revenues were $5.1 trillion, while our gross public debt is $19.2 trillion - these two numbers are so far a part, it’s a joke. We cannot send more than we collect. Simple math shows we are dead in the water with 4 times more debt than collected receipts. What if you ran your household like that? A creditor wouldn’t think twice before pushing you out the door and into the street.
“All rights, let’s savior the sweet cream of the Federal Tax Reform Advantage. At the present time federal direct revenue is $2.5 trillion, state direct revenue is $1.5 trillion and $1.1 is local direct revenue. Under Federal Tax Reform Advantage federal revenues will increase the first year of implementation to $4.95 trillion, almost double to what being collected on the old system. Bulletins 14007 and 14008 have the details; they’re yours for the taking just asks our staff.  Thereafter, tax revenues will increase at 7% rate after various adjustments.  Meanwhile, state and local direct tax revenue will also increase, but slightly to due how state taxes are charged and the method of federal allocations.”
“Why the roadblock for tax reform?”
“Corporate America does not want a flat tax, especially on their foreign affiliates. As the current tax codes are written, a US owned foreign company pays no U.S. federal taxes and only pays taxes in the country they are domiciled in. Worth repeating - a US owned foreign company pays no U.S. federal taxes.
 “Also, individuals and family trust and other sheltered private entities would not be shielded.  Today’s debates center on the so-called ‘Millionaires Tax’ and it’s just a spin. Millionaires don’t pay their fair share of taxes and are demanding more deductions. 
“To answer your question, big money does not want tax reform. And definitely not Federal Tax Reform Advantage because they like the arrangement of the middle class paying the bulk of the cost to run the country. Our Federal Tax Reform Advantage will be a game changer and give the middle class and the less fortunate a fairer shares of our country’s wealth.”
“What’s wrong with the 1990 Clean Air Act to change it, don’t we have more pressing concerns?”
“This is nothing wrong the Clean Act, except its rules and regulation must be enforced with more teeth.  Air pollution control relates to qualify of life. Do you want to live where breathing become dangerous? No!  We deserve the same air qualify our founding fathers had in 1776. Don’t laugh, I’m serious. 
“Air qualify dictates where and how we life. Poor air quality means poor health or death. Right now air quality in the United States is the worst it has ever been. For example, you notice the coastal mists come in from the bays?  That’s not mist by toxic mercury suspended in small droplets of water. Mercury in very small quantities can harm ecosystems and human health. Mercury pours into the atmosphere from coal-fired power plants, refining ores and paper manufacturing. 
“Mercury is only one issue, our proposed Clear Air & Water Improvement Initiative will enforce the 1990 Act and allow the newly constituted agency to have direct enforcement power to fine and arrest, if necessary, repeat perpetrators. Coal-fired power plants owners have been told by EPA to clean up their act with scrubbers and other technologies to reduce mercury contamination. They refused, rather paying minor fines than install expensive equipment. Under Clear Air & Water Improvement Initiative, plants must comply or closedown.
“Next question.”

The line continues to grow, while broadcast media carries the event with limited interruptions. Since the advent of T.V. the general public is responding directly with local stations to continue broadcasting, and to cause regularly schedules programs to be cancelled. Even the Super Bowl lacks the clout that The Answer & Question Soiree has garnered. T.V. advertisers are merely flashing banner messages.
At 5:30 PM the political event should have been over, yet the question lines has stretched around the pavilion on to the grass 75 yards away.
During an applause break, Dorsey anxious scoots to the stage and said, “You got to end it. We’re 45 minutes over and security is getting antsy. Remember, at seven at the Ritz-Carlton you have electoral delegates for dinner meeting?”
“Cancel!”
“What? No can do, they are important! All 19 accepted invitations.”
“I can’t just said bye and leave. Get Vaughn to go.”
“No good, he’s left for Boston.”
“Okay, you go.” I check my wristwatch and add, “It ten to, give my apologies, get a few big screens in there and show this. They’ll understand.”
“What do I tell them?”
“Martin, just play it by ear. No big deal. I must stay! We’re getting excellent feedback. Okay go, I question is being posed.  
As Dorsey exits the stage, he stops and turns. “What about the Calvary Chapel?”
“Fuck! What time was that for?”
“It passed. I just remembered.”
“Fuck! Need to take this question. Check on it, and get back to me, right now.”
“What about the delegates?”
“This first. Call the hotel and get the monitors set up, bigger the better. Get 4 or 5!”
Fielding a question on the Homeland Security Act, I see Dorsey shirring about like a rooster caught in the rainstorm. 

By seven the show is still on and it’s getting dark. When I attempted to end it, 6000 cell phones flash and remain on, being waved from side to side and up and down. At eight the park officials gave me an ultimatum – either I end it or they would shut off the lights. I though it is an idle threat only to have the stadium type lamps flicker. With my hands above my head, and moving closer to the edge of the theater stage, I announce that the party must end. After a rolling moan, the crowds dispersed while clapping their hands or chant, “President Catcher McCall stands tall!”
Crowds have queued in front of three staff members and continue to pass out bulletins and signed autographs of my opening remarks.
By the time I’m driven away from the grounds in a plain-Jane Ford it’s 9:50 PM.  Whatever schedules planned for the events is history. The Calvary Chapel service for Bob Halley has long passed while his body is on route to Kansas and his immediately family.  As for the electoral delegates, Dorsey claims it when well, especially the five 60 inch monitors.  As for the Soiree, it proved an excellent venue and to be uses in the future.
I tired and no one to talk to. 


Big stuff Mr. McCall, or should I call you President Catcher McCall? You know you’ll win this thing. The major public opinion polls have you a clear winner with a possible 76% popularity and 451 electoral votes out of 538. You can hide under a rock for the next nine months and still walk away with the prize. 

"Since I’ve been privileged, lucky, whatever you want to call it, people, just plain ordinary people like what I have to said. My critics said I’m a vaudeville performer, bag of wind with radical ideas.”
“True, they call you ‘dangerous Willy’. Even Obama remarked, ‘What’s next roping a steer like Will Rogers?’… You like my impersonation?” 
“Yah, I saw it in print. Anyway, what’s wrong with Will Rogers? His thoughts are mine. He wanted Americans to hold frontier values true like kindness to neighbors and social equality at home and no foreign entanglements. Washington said it too and a lot others.”
“Don’t get hot with me. I’m only saying … Anyway, let’s hear it!”
“My message is simple, quickie version for my favorite sidekick. … We live in a small world that’s getting smaller. With over 7 billion people worldwide, the population will hit 12 billion by 2050. Scientific consensus holds the pressure on resources will threat our ecosystem and cause major part of society to protect their perceived interests at the expense of others who may not be fortunate enough to fight back. If global humanity attempt to match what the citizens of the United States consume, we would need seven more planet Earths by 2050.”
“See, I’m getting sleepy.”
“Nancy, fuck it, go!”
“Come on Catcher, I know the score. You’re testing what to said on me?” 
“I’m done, good night.”

In the last two weeks editorials from the center, left and right have questioned each of my proposal, that I’m a danger to society, a menace to the common good, a profiteer, a gangster. Only working class Americans has kept the faith, contributing to the campaign, even more so after the death of my friends. Jessamine still wants to be First Lady and pulls hard on her father to keep the checkbook open.
No public appearances are made since the jet incident, but my face is center stage at every level. The tragedy, profiles of friends lost, the pilots, the FAA investigation, even Honda, the manufacturer of the jet that crashed into our plane has received daily media updates. Public opinion polls still have he as the next president. For the past five weeks, I cry in my beer, so to speak. The guilt is eating me alive and either I got off the trip or let it take me. Deciding to go forward is the only clear direction. Too many people are counting on me, and to stop now would brand me a quitter, a loser with the conscience of a parasite. 

 “If Bob was here, he would said, ‘God sent you to save America,’ me too. But you hear the back alley talk and the scuttlebutt? They want you dead, plain as that. I’m your friend and don’t want you harmed. Let’s face it; your programs will cause a great deal of consternation. MIC, CIA, National Security Council, I’ve named just a few who have a vested interest to maintain the status quo. You are a danger to their livelihoods, their power, their influence.  I too am an old geezer with a limited fuse. I pray that you continue Mr. McCall.”
On and on it went without a clear resolution. The meeting’s discourse fails to address the second part of my concern - Will the American people as a whole sacrifice to bring our national debt to zero with the programs I proposed? Only when Jessamine spoke did I get the true picture of the American psyche.
“Look, I want to enjoy all the privilege of have my ass kissed as First Lady. I make no qualms about it and have already expressed my views to most of you. The average America is an asshole. They watch too much television, expose their lives on the Internet and spend money because the neighbor next door does. You take a dollar from their wallet and they scream bloody murder, but they’ll go out and spend two hundred dollars on something they don’t need or have the cash to buy. American lives on someone else’s money. That’s not going to change. I’m luckier because my father is very rich and he spends a lot of money on me. If he ever stopped I am like this country, I will get it, beg for it, steal for it, borrow for it. Let’s face it; a pernicious government has given us our collective lifestyles. Catcher, make my First Lady and stop of this bullshit.” 

In retrospect Teagarden gave the only grounded, cogitative response.

“In America we have an identity crisis. Betrayal, predictability, fear, aggression, absurdity, selfishness, racism all rule the left side of our brains, while the other side is confidence, prudent judgment, cautions, hope, love. The conflict divides us just as the county is unable to decide.  Most of the world see us as bullies and are afraid to go against our wishes, while the average citizen embrace our benevolent nature. The truth – we make good choices only when we’re threatened, and bad choice when we experience guilt because of our opulence.
“Only catastrophes motivate people. They cry for change, but will not act to do anything out of fear of losing out. Our society is complacent and talks a good game and that’s it. Catcher, America does not want you, they only think they do. Big everything will stop you by whatever means possible.
“Martin Dorsey, I just meet today, said, ‘We’re rocking the boat and they don’t like it.’ I’m afraid for you. I’m afraid what is happening to our country. I’m afraid to do anything about it.”

What’s your name?”
“Catcher McCall.”
“All right, let’s begin. In a few minutes the medication will be completely out of your system. We have taken certain precautions, which will not hinder your cognitive powers. You are without clothing to prevent any unauthorized monitoring. What is said between us remains in this room. I am not here to influence you, just explaining our future course of action if certain events do not occur.”
 “Isn’t that a threat,” I challenge?
“Your interpretation means nothing to me. Commonsense is a better indicator of knowledge.”
“Power, not truth, is what’s at stake between us.”
“You intent to be the next president of the United States is a major risk to the status quo and forces democracy to take sides. From the outset, our country was founded on liberty, not democracy. The economic and social changes you propose shaft responsibility and the management of power. Transfer of power to the poor from the rich on the simple premise that majority is supreme has never worked. History has records thousands of failures. Choosing wisely is the true safeguard of democracy. A poor democratic country, which has not monetary wealth to distribute to its people is not democratic but autocratic.” 
“Can I speak?”
“Most certainly. Mr. McCall.”
“My entire policy in all its facets is to reduce the deficit and balance the yearly budget. It’s not my intent to transfer power to the poor, or anybody. Sound fiscal responsibility is the agenda. Our country is obligated under current law to mandatory payments for Medicare, Medicaid Social Security and other social programs. The present value of these deficits and unfunded obligations is $46 trillion. By my calculations these programs will significantly exceed tax revenues over the next 25 years. How do we pay for this? Don’t said foreign borrowing.”
“Your argument has merit, and government must address a sound monetary path, but not now. We cannot change the economic dynamics of the country. Foreigners own 51% of our debt, with China, Japan and Brazil major holders.  The exposure to financial or political risk is great if foreign banks stop buying Treasury securities. Your program, though well founded, will cause immediate financial and political confusion. This cannot happen. … You will withdraw you candidacy and retired from politics.”
“That if I don’t?”
“You will win the election and become president. That fact is a given less a catastrophe or withdrawal. No further attempts on your life will happen before the election. Voltaire said, ‘the ideal form of government is democracy tempered with assassination.’ You will be assassinated in public view on January 20th, the date of your inauguration.”
I laugh. “That’s absurd! You are going to kill me in plain view?”
“John F. Kennedy was killed on national television. The first day of trading on New York Stock Exchange after his death the market went up. Within three months everything was back to normal. Johnson reversed all of his crazy ideas, and the rest is history.  There’s no such thing as public opinion, only public perception. So, what will it be, Mr. McCall?”
“My policies will survive …”
Wavy Black Hair waves his hand as if shooing an invisible fly and said, “Nothing will get out of committee.”
“The public wants me to …”
“Stop! Everything dies with you, except the memory. Kennedy is remember today as a great president; nothing during his tenure confirms that, but being assassinated in office.” 
Before I can respond, the tall broad with the dart gun is at the glass with a hand signal.
“Excuse me, Mr. McCall. Something important must have occurred.”
My thousands go into overdrive.
He makes a viable argument. Change whether better or worse comes with limitations and stresses.  What I propose will immediately show itself with a balanced budget. Debit holders will see this as a positive sign and continue to support our obligations, while our economy adjusts to the new reality. As for the America people, they will sacrifice for the better good. My popularity, my will to do the right thing …
He returns and said, “Philbert Forbes had a accident. He slipped in the bathtub and fractured his hip. He’s at Southwest Medical Center complaining about being pushed. Odd though, he claims being alone while witnesses confirmed otherwise. Poor old man must be hallucinating. His daughter is there, crying and make a fuss.”
“Accident, right?”
“I’m afraid not, Mr. McCall. Nothing we do is an accident.”
 
On route we address the unresolved issue of the withdrawal speech and the timing of the address.  He opens the envelope as if it contains the secret recipe for Coca-Cola.
“You read it as is.”
I snap the paper from his hand. 
“If not?”
“You do as agreed!”
“Eighty fuckin’ words, that’s it?” 
“There’s nothing more to said.”
“What’s the outside date?”
“Immediately would be preferable with the outside date three weeks before the Republican Convention.”
“August 27, 2010 Tampa Bay Times Forum.”
“You have it.”
 
"Look, McCall, you’re on borrowed time. If you become complicated, you’re dead. It’s my word what happens.”
“Maybe killing me right here is my best option?”
“For you it’s dangerous to be right. Look, I’m only the expeditor. All of this has been agreed. You cannot changes the rules. We’ll be landing shortly, what will it be?”  
I look out the window as the jet makes its final approach on the single runway. My thoughts lack conviction. What are my options? Death for me is merely a formality. But to commit other peoples’ lives because I believe that right must prevail is a fool’s errand. 
“So, we land here?”
I said nothing. To snow it means ‘step aside Catcher McCall, you are irrelevant.’   


The rumor mills, especially from the Obamanation camp have a field day speculating that I suffer from seizures and unfit to consider the presidency. Blue Lips should talk; his inability to complete a coherent sentence without a teleprompter suggests he lacks the brainpower to think on his own. The Repugs are less obvious in their assessment, claiming the recent accident should not be used as a future marker of his judgment. Meanwhile, my handlers play the card with the finesse of riverboat gamblers, knowing the debate has given the issue staying power. Within 14 hours, media has experts on both sides arguing my fitness.

A chant like a waving in a giant wheat field flows over the crowd. 
Catcher McCall stands tall
He’s our President for one and all.
Catcher McCall stands tall
He’s our President for one and all.
Catcher McCall stands tall
He’s our President for one and all. …
At the assigned hour, I enter the portable elevator to lift me forty feet to a specially designed platform. As if by magic I emerge from the center of the square. The panoramic view is breathtaking and the noise is so loud my entire body seems to be compressing on all sides. Like a giant postage stamp on eight megascreens, my face shows bigger than life. Red, white and blue banners sparkle and flex, cell-cameras flash, people wave small flags.  McCall for President posters are present everywhere. Homogeneous crowd of 71,400 stand in unison. Drowned out in the background is the public domain anthem – Hail to the Chief – played by a 90 piece marching band.
Once the music stops the megascreens flash:  
… The opening statement of Catcher McCall the next President of the United States … 
The arena is near silent.
I begin to speak while my individual words are played as said.
… Effective today, I must withdraw my candidacy for the presidency of the United States.  A leader must be 100% committed ….
The megascreens stops posting the words and instead focuses on my face. Meanwhile, the crowd is on the verge of rioting.  A larger number of people inadvertently band together, storm the aisles and march toward the raised platform. Others are yelling, many are crying.
Flashing the words on the megascreens, as I said,
… Please allow me to continue. Please accept my wishes and understand the reasons. I am not a quitter, nor am I selling out to special interests or endorsing another candidate. I love our country and wish the very best. Please have faith and hear my words before you act.
Finally, the vast crowd is in a collective state of mind to listen.
… Effective today, I must withdraw my candidacy for the presidency of the United States.  A leader must be 100% committed and be able to extend his total resources for the good of all. I cannot be that person. My physical and mental strength has betrayed me. …
Boos spontaneously erupt.

The megascreens stops posting and pans to my face. Tears roll from my eyes, my throat is tight. I look at the audience, especially the people closest to the platform.  The gallery of staff, close friends and dignitaries appear uncomfortable. I see Jessamine walking to an exit, being comforted by a girlfriend. Their full-length minks and puffy hair are my only images. 
Hell with the noise, I reason.
… Effective today, I must withdraw my candidacy for the presidency of the United States.  A leader must be 100% committed and be able to extend his total resources for the good of all. I cannot be that person. My physical and mental strength has betrayed me. My decision today is made with a troubled heart since I know collectively we can make a difference. I leave you with love and respect that we made a brave fight, a good fight, and an honest fight only to fall short.
We are all part of a great country, created from high ideals with a fierce and competitive spirit, yet with the will to support, protect and defend our neighbors. Somewhere alone the way we have changed. We have become a consumer driven nation more interested in our personal welfare that understanding out finite place in a contracting world. In the next 25 years what you experience today will not be here. The world will no longer support our lifestyle of irresponsible spending and supply us with unlimited capital to do so. 
Cheering and clamping are heard.
Our real debt and obligations total $50 trillion dollars not $16 trillion as claimed by our government. How are we to pay such a staggering debt? Don’t look to foreign capital or the future earnings power of the United States. The only means we have to pay the debt is to reducing the size of government and balance the yearly budget. We need to pay back and make our country whole again. … 
The crowd erupts into sustained applause. Standing they shout in unison.

Catcher McCall stands tall
He’s our President for one and all.
Don’t quite now you can’t fall.
Catcher McCall stands tall,
Don’t quite now you can’t fall.
Don’t quite now you can’t fall.
Don’t quite now you can’t fall.
Don’t quite now you can’t fall.

As I raise my hands in response to the crowd’s chant a wasp-like sting is felt below my palm. I think nothing of it while referring to my notes.
The megascreens are cued to beginning positing.
My withdrawal is not the end, only the beginning of our great crusade to … 
My head jerks back. I twitch starts in my hands. I can’t maintain my balance, dropping to one knee. I attempt to stand. When I finally do so, my speech is jumbled. As a look at the screen my face distorts into bizarre shapes. A tornado intense, blaring sound echoes in my head as I see the crowd gesturing in slow motion.  I begin to babble with uncontrollable mucus from my mouth and nose drip onto my suit and tie. Finally, I collapse.

--------


FOLLOW THE TRIALS and tribulations of Catcher McCall with the full series entitled CATCHER McCALL ... Outsider.  
Catcher McCall - Regrets and Rescue. Book One, Catcher McCall - Respect and Betrayal Book Two and Book Three as Catcher McCall - Lost and Return. Look for Book Four - Catcher McCall vs. Wall Street scheduled for April 1, 2013.

Copyright  2012 - C. J. Lanet




