Susanna and the Spy
ANNA ELLIOTT
Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2011
All rights reserved

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 
For more information, please visit www.AnnaElliottBooks.com
Anna Elliott can be contacted at ae@AnnaElliottBooks.com 


Table of Contents
Title and Copyright
Table of Contents
Product Description
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Dear Reader


Product Description
What if the man you loved was a smuggler—or a spy?

Jobless and nearly destitute, Susanna Ward intends only to find work as a governess. She certainly has no intention of contacting her family, who cast off her father and scorned her mother years ago. But a chance encounter with a figure from her past suggests that her estranged grandfather was murdered, and that his death was connected to a local ring of smugglers, led by a mysterious figure who calls himself Captain Clark.
When Captain Clark himself appears at her door, wounded and in need of her help, Susanna must decide where her true loyalties lie. And she must also discover the truth of her grandfather’s death. Otherwise the man she is rapidly falling in love with may be hanged for treason and murder.  
Susanna and the Spy is a cozy mystery, appropriate for all ages. It is approximately 70,000 words or 280 printed pages in length.


Chapter 1
The interior of the stagecoach was hot. Stiflingly hot, and, on this late July afternoon, the carriage wheels stirred up thick clouds of dust that billowed insidiously through the door and windows. 
Susanna Ward wiped a trickle of mingled perspiration and dust from her face and tried vainly to find a comfortable position on the stagecoach seat. Her father’s coach came into her mind unbidden. It had been a magnificent affair with glass windows and upholstery of red leather and a roof to be let down, open to the sky on a fine day. It was never close or stuffy, even on the hottest days of the year, and the seats …
But it did no good to think of that now, Susanna told herself crossly. Nor did it do any good to reflect that, in her father’s carriage, driven by his own coachman and two footmen and drawn by the team of four handsome grays, she might have covered the distance from Kent to London in half the time this ponderous common stage was taking.  
Carriage, red-leather seats, horses and all were gone to settle the debts that had been Captain Ward’s sole legacy to his daughter upon his death. That had been three years ago—three years since she had been left penniless and quite alone in the world. 
And Mary Wollstonecraft might, in her famous work, have vindicated the rights of women, but there was as yet only one possibility of employment for an educated lady of genteel birth. She must earn what living she could as a governess. Which was what Susanna had done, up until now. 
Or tried to. The trouble was that Susanna was too young and attractive to be considered as a prospective governess by most families. Too many women had husbands whose roving eyes might stray to a pretty girl living under their roof—or, worse yet, susceptible older sons who might be foolish enough to risk their family’s wrath by marrying a penniless young governess.
Susanna had turned her face away from the other passengers, and now her own reflection stared back at her in the window—a vivid, heart-shaped face with a faint suggestion of fragility about the curve of her cheek and the delicately traced lines of nose and jaw. Her hair was of an unusual shade of red-gold and, cut short in the fashion of the day, curled in ringlets over her forehead. She had wide, iris-blue eyes set under quizzically arched brows and clear, milky-white skin.  
A dazzle of sunlight sparkled in the glass, blotting out her reflection, draining it of all form and color, save for her wide, frightened eyes. If she couldn’t find another job … or—what was almost worse—if the post she was offered proved anything like the first … 
But that was in the past, she told herself. Now she was traveling back to London—to the only place she could go, the job agency—with just enough money to pay her fare and perhaps, if she were careful, a few days lodging when she reached her destination. And then …
But that was in the future.
As the carriage rolled by, she caught sight of a ragged camp, scarcely more than a makeshift tent of dirty blankets hung over a low tree limb. Before it a hollow-eyed woman with a gaunt face sat huddled over the remains of a cook fire, stirring something in an iron pot. A group of children, ragged and dirty and pitifully thin, clustered about her skirts. 
At the approach of the stagecoach, the children jumped up to run alongside, stretching out their hands towards the passengers. There were three of them—two boys and a girl, with dark eyes over-large in thin, wistful faces. 
“Spare a penny, lady? Spare a penny?”
On impulse, Susanna let down the window. She had only a few coins in her reticule. Quickly she tossed them out, to be caught in eager fingers and scrabbled up from the dusty road. 
“Bless you, lady! Bless you!” The children’s cries grew fainter as the carriage rolled on, but their brief, wondering smiles brought an answering smile to Susanna’s own face.
She had time for a last wave before the carriage moved on and the children disappeared from view. 
“You’ll be Miss Ward, bean’t you, miss? Miss Susanna Ward?”
The words were so sudden, and so unexpected, that Susanna jumped and turned to look at the man who had spoken them. She’d been too much abstracted to notice the several stops the stagecoach had made, but now she found that all the other passengers save one—the man who had spoken—had alighted. 
He was a gaunt, elderly man, tall though bent with age, and dressed in a pair of ancient leather breeches and a green wool waistcoat, with a colored kerchief knotted about his neck. A much-worn woolen cap was set over a face wrinkled and tanned to leather by many years of exposure to the sun. 
“Bean’t you Miss Susanna Ward?” He said again. His voice sounded slow and creaking, as though ill-accustomed to use.
For a moment Susanna could only stare at him in wonder. His expression now might have been carved out of wood, save for the eyes, which were clear and blue, and still unclouded by age. These were fixed on Susanna’s face with a peculiar intensity. 
“That is my name,” she stammered at last. “But how …”
“I knowed it.” The old man said triumphantly, the words coming more easily now. “I knowed it as soon as I laid eyes on you. You’ve not changed, miss—not to speak of, ’tany rate—and besides, you’re the spitting image of your aunt Ruth, when she were a girl your age.”
“My aunt Ruth?” Susanna repeated the name in wonder. “Then you …”
“That’s right, miss. You’d not remember me, maybe—I only saw you the once, when you was a little thing of ten or eleven—but I worked up at your grandfather’s estate.”
“At Rutherford Hall?” A memory was stirring—a memory of a big, stately house built of red brick in the Jacobean style and surrounded by wooded hills and rolling parkland. She had only been to her grandfather’s estate once, as a child of ten, when her father had taken her on a visit in an attempt at a reconciliation between himself and his own father. A failed attempt, as it turned out. Her father and grandfather had quarreled violently, and her father had stormed out of the house in a rage, never to return to Rutherford Hall or speak of its owner again.
She’d buried the memory deep in the recesses of her mind, but now something of the visit returned. 
“I do remember you now.” She smiled. “It’s Franklin, isn’t it? You were gardener at the Hall.”
At that, the dour old face cracked in a smile. “That’s right, miss. Still am gardener, if it comes to that. Though these old bones aren’t good for much in the way of work anymore. Still, I keeps up—got a couple of young lads to help me, and I can still tend to the roses myself.” 
“The roses.” Another memory stirred. “Yes, that’s right—you gave me a rose, didn’t you? A white alba?”
Again the old man’s face cracked in a smile, and he gave pleased chuckle. “Well, now. Fancy your remembering that. Yes, it were an alba. The Rose of the Yorks, as my old father used to say.” 
There was a moment’s silence, and then Susanna asked, “But whatever are you doing here?” Then, as memory returned, “But of course—I suppose we must be quite close to Rutherford now—I hadn’t given it a thought.” 
Nor had she. She had been too young to remember much about the journey to Rutherford Hall, but she realized with a start that she must now be traveling through the very neighborhood of her grandfather’s estate. 
“That’s right, miss,” Franklin confirmed. “Not above three miles from here—I’ve been visiting my sister at Rawly, and I’m on my way back there now. But isn’t Rutherford where you’ll be bound?”
Susanna shook her head. “No, I’m afraid not.” 
She said no more, and the old man looked disappointed. He sighed. “That’s a shame, miss. When I saw you I hoped—that is, I thought maybe you’d made up your mind to come see the place and make up the old quarrel. It were a bad business—your dad quarreling with old Sir William like that.” 
“Yes, it was.” Susanna’s voice was quiet, tinged by a note of sadness. It had been a bad business—all the more tragic for its senselessness and futility. On his grand tour of the continent, Matthew Ward had committed the fatal indiscretion of falling headlong in love with an Italian peasant girl, and, what was worse, had compounded the sin by actually marrying her. His father’s fury had been boundless. He couldn’t disinherit his son entirely—the terms of his own father’s will saw to that—but he had flung Susanna’s father out of the house, with a promise to set the dogs on him if he ever tried to befoul the grounds of Rutherford with “his Italian hussy.”
As it happened, Matthew Ward was never given the chance. His wife had died in childbirth, leaving him a widower within a year of his marriage. Only once had he attempted a reconciliation with his father—the occasion old Franklin remembered, the year Susanna was ten. 
Susanna had only vague memories of that visit, and still vaguer ones of her grandfather, Sir William Ward, himself. She had an image of a stern, white-haired old man with a remote, ascetic face and an implacable mouth—and she could still recall the look of disdain—and perhaps pain as well—in his eyes when he looked at her. 
She remembered, too, the brief, bitter scene she’d overheard between her father and Sir William. She’d been sent out to play in the garden, but the windows of her grandfather’s study had been left half-open. 
She hadn’t understood all the words she’d overheard—not then, at any rate. It had been years before she had understood that the terms “trollop” and “riff-raff” referred to herself and her mother. Then she had only heard her grandfather’s voice, dry and harsh with anger, heard her father’s loud, furious tones, and known with a child’s certainty that there was something dreadfully wrong. 
Her father had come striding out to find her, his face white and rigid with fury, to tell her that they were leaving. She had seen her genial father angry so seldom that she had been frightened, but when she’d asked whether he was angry with her, he’d forced a tight smile. 
“No, chickadee. I’m not angry with you. Come along now and we’ll shake the dust of this accursed place from our feet.”
He had never spoken of Susanna’s grandfather again, and though Susanna thought sometimes of her father’s relations, she had never dared mention them—or Rutherford Hall—again. And later, when she had grown to understand her grandfather’s words … well, she’d hated him as fiercely as her nature was capable of hating anyone. And loved her father all the more to make up for his father’s scorn. 
Theirs had been a gay, gypsy existence, moving from one fashionable resort town to the next, where her father’s charm of manner and quick wit won him ready entrance to the most elegant drawing rooms and card parties. They were scarcely ever parted, save for a few years during her teens when her father had sent Susanna away to school to be “finished.” She had cried bitterly at the prospect, but he had, for once, been firm. His daughter would receive a proper training in the ways of a lady of fashion, and so Susanna had been packed off to a fashionable school in London. 
And perhaps it was a good thing, too. The dancing, music, and embroidery Susanna had learned, together with a smattering of history, French, and Italian, were her one asset—her qualification to hire herself out as a governess. 
The summer she was seventeen, her father had taken her away from school so that she might serve as his hostess in the elegant London townhouse he had engaged. Susanna had gloried in the lovely house, the fine carriage, and the countless dinners, concerts, and soirées with which her father had entertained his vast acquaintance, and spared only an occasional thought as to where the money for all this elegance was to come from. 
True, in the midst of all her happiness there had been a vague feeling of worry—a moment or two of unease. Devotedly as she had loved her father, she had not been blind to his faults. As fast as Matthew Ward’s income was paid into his hands by the trustees of his grandfather’s estate, the money seemed to run through his fingers like water. 
And then one afternoon in early autumn, she had surprised him huddled in a chair by the fire, his face gray, staring at a letter in his hand, and, when she asked him what the matter was, he said in a queer, ragged voice, “I’m afraid the wolf’s properly at the door this time, chickadee.”  
His tone had frightened her, but then he’d laughed, and said, “Never you mind, my pet. Come along, and we’ll dance our way to the devil in spite of them all.” 
And then he’d swung her round the room in a gay little jig, faster and faster, until she was breathless with laughter and dizzy. 
And just four days later he was dead—killed instantly of a fall from his horse. And Susanna had learned that the whole of her father’s inheritance had been squandered away, and that the wolves, in the form of countless creditors, were indeed at the door, clamoring for payment. She had grieved for her father from the bottom of her heart, but she could, even from the first, be glad of his death, in a way—glad that he had never had to know the full extent of his ruin, or suffer the humiliation and privations of sudden poverty. His had not been a temperament to stand up under the strain of hardship. He must needs have crumbled—and she could be thankful that he had died quickly and suddenly, rather than enduring a slow, ruinous decline. 
“I heard of Mr. Matthew’s death, miss,” Franklin was saying. “I were sorry to hear it. All us up at the Hall were main fond of him.”
With an effort, Susanna brought her attention back to the old gardener and smiled. “Thank you. I’m sure he felt the same about you.” 
There was another moment’s pause, and then the gardener said, almost more to himself than Susanna, “So you’re not going up to the Hall, then. A shame, that.” 
“I don’t suppose I should be very welcome there.” Susanna’s voice was gentle. “My grandfather didn’t approve of my father’s marriage, you know—or of me. He mightn’t wish to see me.”
She remembered the abhorrence in her grandfather’s eyes as he’d looked at her, and her mouth twisted in a faint, bitter smile. 
“He mightn’t have, at that—if he’d been given the chance one way or t’other.” Franklin paused. Then, “You’d maybe not have heard of it, miss. Old Sir William’s dead now—died about a month back.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.” Susanna found she could be sorry, too. Not only for the grief the old gardener obviously felt for the loss of his master, but sorry as well for her grandfather—sorry that her only memories of him were of bitterness and anger.
“Was it an illness … or …”
“No, miss.” Suddenly Franklin’s voice was stern and harsh. “No, miss. Them up at the Hall—they killed him.”
“They killed him.”
The flat, bald words rang in Susanna’s ears. She was staring out of an upper-story window of her room at the Bull and George Inn, surveying the little seaside town of Broughton below. It was scarcely more than a village, nestled against rolling hills at the mouth of the sea, its narrow, cobbled streets running swiftly down to a tiny harbor, where the masts of sailing and fishing vessels could be glimpsed above the stone cottages lining the bay. Beyond the harbor was a sweep of pebbled shingle beach, behind which low, chalky cliffs, shrouded in sea mist rose against the summer sky. 
“They killed him.”
But who had killed her grandfather, and why? Franklin had refused to explain himself. “I knows what I knows,” was all he would say. “But what to do about it, that’s the thing. Still got my duty to think of—duty to the family. Sir William wouldn’t have wanted a scandal …” 
Then, “Forget it, miss. Best not to speak of such things. Only—,” he’d given her a look of peculiar intensity, “—if you should stay … if you should go up to the Hall … well, they’re your kin, miss. And there’s a wrong to be put right.” 
He’d gotten out of the stagecoach at the edge of the village and strode away before Susanna could ask any further questions, and she’d been left to sink back against the cushions and wonder at what had been said. Surely he didn’t mean literally that her grandfather had been murdered. Such things were the stuff of gothic novels and romance—they didn’t happen in real life. And yet, what other construction could be placed on the words? 
It was sheer impulse that had led her to alight at the inn and ask for a room. An impulse born partly of curiosity and partly of the recollection of Franklin’s words: “There’s a wrong to be put right.”
She couldn’t grieve for her grandfather’s death, but if he really had been— Susanna shrank away from the bare word of murder. If his death really hadn’t been natural … 
Susanna threw open the sash and leaned out to breathe in the fresh air, sharp with the salt tang of the sea, then curled herself on the window ledge, her knees drawn up and her chin propped in her hands. 
The Bull and George was a quaint, ancient building, dating back to the days of Elizabeth, with narrow passages, sloping, uneven floors, and raftered ceilings blackened with age. The landlord, a round, rosy personage with a snub nose and tiny black eyes, had cheerfully agreed to grant Susanna a room for the night, and a white-capped maid had led her to the low-ceilinged, comfortable apartment she was in now. The place was evidently a favorite haunt of the local fishermen, for from the taproom drifted up the sound of sea-shanties sung in hearty voices and an occasional raucous shout of laughter. 
Susanna scarcely heard them, though. If Franklin was right—if her grandfather really had been killed, ought she to go to Rutherford Hall? In her present circumstances, any attempt to contact her relations would almost certainly be seen as begging, and her pride rebelled at the thought.  
But Franklin’s last words to her kept coming back.  
“A wrong to be put right.”
Her thoughts were interrupted by the entrance of a pink-cheeked young maid, bringing water for washing, and an offer of supper. 
“We’ve a lovely leg o’ mutton, miss. And an apple tart that would fair melt in your mouth.”
Susanna shook her head regretfully. There were still only two pounds in her purse—and part of that must go to pay for this night’s lodgings. 
She asked for a plate of cheese and crackers, though—surely she might afford so much—and when the maid had gone, she sat back down to consider her position. 
Her grandfather had been the primary landowner in these parts; he would be well known here in town. She might at least, so long as she was here, learn what she could of his death—try to find out whether there was any foundation for Franklin’s accusations. 
Accordingly, then, when the maid came back with her food, she casually inquired about Rutherford Hall. 
“I saw it a little way out of the town—a big, brick house with a great park around.”
The maid’s response was prompt. “Oh, yes, miss. Rutherford Hall, that would be. A grand place, it is.” 
“And do you know who lives there?”
Again the maid’s response was prompt. “A family called Ward, miss. Sir Charles is the one as owns it now, since the old gentleman died.” 
“The old gentleman?”
“Yes, miss. Sir William Ward. He died about a month back and left the place to his son, Sir Charles.”
“I see.” Susanna hesitated, wondering whether she dared ask anything further. Then, “I think I heard that Sir William’s death came rather suddenly?”
But here the maid’s knowledge failed her. “As to that, miss, I couldn’t say. I’ve only been in these parts about a month—came right around the same time the old gentleman died. My man”—a smile, together with a faint blush spread over the girl’s face—“is a seaman on the Princess Marie, and he brought me here when we was wed to be near him when he’d got shore leave.”  
She paused in thought. “Seems to me now you mention it, miss, maybe I did hear something about Sir William’s death—something about an accident, maybe? But I couldn’t say for sure.” 
After exchanging a few more remarks, the maid departed, leaving Susanna to frown thoughtfully over her cheese and crackers. She had learned nothing useful—nothing that might make her decide, one way or the other, whether she ought to go to the Hall. 
And she was still undecided that night, when, dressed in nightgown and slippers, she sat before the little dressing-table mirror to brush her hair. Her stomach ached with hunger, and she allowed herself a sigh. That in and of itself made for a strong temptation to go to Rutherford. There she would be sure of food and shelter both for a few nights, at least.  
It happened so suddenly that she scarcely had time to react. The door of the room flew open, and Susanna whirled round, then pressed her hand to her mouth with a gasp. There in the doorway stood a man. 
In the flickering light from the candles on the dresser, she could see glimpses of his lean, handsome features, his dark, hooded eyes, his lithe, muscular body, all thrown into a wild relief of light and shadow. 
He stood for a moment, panting, while Susanna gaped at him. The hair above his ashen face was damp with sweat, his clothes torn and streaked with dust and dirt. And across the breast of his white shirt spread a stain that, even in the half-light, showed starkly crimson. 


Chapter 2
“Quick—they’re after me—I need somewhere to hide.” The words came in a harsh, desperate gasp, scarcely above a whisper, and he swayed dizzily on his feet, one hand clutched to the stain on his breast.
Susanna stared at him. And then, for the second time that day, she acted purely on impulse. Even as a voice in the back of her mind whispered that this was surely madness, she moved swiftly to the big mahogany wardrobe that stood against one wall and gestured inside.
“In here—hurry.”
The man had sunk back against the wall and seemed scarcely able to stand, but with her help he was propelled headlong into the cavernous space, the wardrobe door closed, and the key turned in the lock.
She was just in time. Scarcely had Susanna slipped the key under a pillow on the bed when there was a furious hammering on the door.
Whoever it was didn’t wait for a reply. The next moment the door had flown open once more and a group of uniformed men, armed with swords and carrying muskets, pushed their way into the room.
There were five of them, all dressed in the uniform of the army—black Hessian boots, white breeches, and red coats—and all stood stock still a moment, staring at Susanna in patent astonishment. Susanna, torn between surprise, apprehension, and thoughts of the man now crouching in the wardrobe, still felt a tiny flicker of amusement at the soldiers’ discomfiture. A young lady, clad only in a filmy white nightdress, had hardly been what they’d expected to find. And now the sight was plainly occasioning them some little embarrassment.
There was a moment’s pause and then one of the men, who appeared to be the leader, broke the silence. 
“Is he here?”
Susanna couldn’t have spoken even if she’d wanted to—but that was probably all to the good. Better to say nothing until she knew what all this was about. She continued to stare, wide-eyed, at the men before her, and the leader, a fair-haired youth with a round, pink face, blue eyes, and nearly colorless lashes, appeared to recollect himself. 
His eyes fell, and he cleared his throat awkwardly, then touched his cap. 
“Er, begging your pardon for the intrusion, miss. We were looking for a dangerous malefactor and—” He broke off there, as though unsure of how to continue.
Susanna swallowed and picked up her dressing gown which had been lying over the back of a chair. When working as a governess she had sometimes wished for adventure—anything to break the monotony of the daily routine. Well, she had got her wish with a vengeance. The question now was what she was to do about it.
Slowly, she drew on the dressing gown, knotted it around her waist, and endeavored to speak coolly. “I’ll grant you my pardon, freely, but I confess my curiosity is very far from being satisfied. Why should you have supposed there to be a malefactor, dangerous or otherwise, in my room?” 
The fair-haired youth flushed. “We wouldn’t ha’ burst in here like that if we’d known you was a lady, miss,” he stammered. 
Susanna raised her eyebrows. “Curiouser and curiouser. And why should you have supposed me to be anything but a lady?” 
The young soldier looked younger and more uncomfortable than ever. “We … we … didn’t know whether you was a lady or a gentleman, one way or t’other, miss,” he burst out at last. “We thought whoever was in here would be in cahoots with the malefactor.” 
“The malefactor. Yes, I see.” Susanna struggled, with Herculean effort, to keep her eyes away from the wardrobe door. “But what malefactor?”
The youth swallowed. “The one we were chasing, miss. You see—” 
He got no further. A new arrival had come puffing down the corridor and pushed his way into the room with an irritable, “Now, then, what’s all this?” 
This man, too, was clad in the uniform of a soldier, that of a colonel in the regulars, Susanna saw. But he was older than the other men, some fifty years of age at a guess, with a broad, square, rather jowly face, and an equally massive frame running slightly to fat.  
He paused, panting a moment, before going on. 
“What’s all this?” He said again. “Don’t tell me you’ve lost the fellow.”
He turned on the fair-haired leader, blue eyes narrowing. “If you’ve lost him, Saunderson …” The threat was left incomplete, but the young man quailed. 
“I … I … that is …” He swallowed and then began again. “I don’t rightly know where he’s got to, sir. I thought he ran into the inn here, but we’ve searched all the rooms, and nary a sign of him.”
“I—” The older man broke off in whatever further rebuke he had been going to make, for he had caught sight of Susanna and now appeared to notice her presence for the first time.
Instantly, he removed his hat and came forward, his hand outstretched. “I do beg your pardon for the intrusion, miss.” He took her hand and bowed low over it. 
“I am Colonel Price, of the Fourteenth Light Dragoons, and these men”—he gestured behind him—“are under my command. I must apologize for the behavior of my troops. I don’t know what explanation they offered …”
“I gathered,” Susanna said, “that there was a malefactor involved somewhere. But as to what sort of malefactor, we didn’t seem to be getting very far.”
“We were chasing a criminal. A dangerous criminal, I may add, and thought we saw him duck into a side door of the inn.”
“I see.” Susanna struggled to keep her voice even. “A criminal, you say? What is his crime?”
“Smuggling, miss,” Colonel Price said impressively. “Smuggling and”—he lowered his voice—“murder.”
“Smuggling and murder.” Susanna’s throat felt dry and she swallowed again. “I see.”
“We chased him through the town, and, as I say, thought we’d seen him enter the inn, here. But now”—the colonel paused, and turned a keen eye on the hapless Saunderson once more—“now Saunderson, here, tells me there’s no sign of him.”
Saunderson ran a finger around the rim of his collar. “We searched all the rooms, sir. All but this one.” 
The colonel’s brows drew together in a portentous frown, and the young man stammered quickly, “But we hadn’t got down to questioning the young lady as yet, sir. Maybe she’s seen something …” He turned to Susanna hopefully. 
Susanna opened her mouth. Her mind was racing. She had had barely time to glance at the wounded man, much less determine whether he might be guilty or no. She had made him no promises. And these men were honorable men—soldiers. She could tell them that the man had pushed his way in here …
Though that didn’t guarantee they would believe her. They might arrest her, as well, for harboring a fugitive. Though that chance seemed no more dangerous than that of staying here, alone with a man accused of murder. 
But when she opened her mouth, what she heard herself say was, “I’m afraid not. I’ve seen no one save you all.”
Hope, however, refused to die so easily. “You mightn’t have noticed him, miss,” Saunderson went on, a hint of desperation creeping into his voice. “If he’d come in here and hidden himself … maybe if we was to search …” 
“Don’t be more of an idiot than you can help, Saunderson.” This was the colonel, and Susanna breathed again. “The plain fact of the matter is you’ve lost him.”
The young soldier’s gaze fell under the colonel’s stare. “Yes, sir. I’m sorry, sir.” 
“What I train you men for …”
At the sight of Saunderson’s abject misery, however, Colonel Price relented. “That’s all right, Saunderson. See that you do better next time, that’s all. Now, go downstairs and see if you can pick up any sign of him outside—he must have ducked back out again through a door at the back.” 
“Yes, sir.” Saunderson saluted, turned on his heel, and was gone, followed in single file by the other men.
“And now, miss, I have only to apologize once more for the intrusion.” Colonel Price turned back to Susanna with a little smile and a bow.
“It’s quite all right.” Susanna pasted on a smile, too, and allowed him to take her hand. “I’m only sorry I couldn’t have been of more help to you.”
“We’ll get him next time, miss.” The colonel spoke confidently. “He’s a clever enough fish, but one of these times he’ll be a bit too clever—and then we’ve got him.” He closed his fist tightly and struck one hand against the open palm of the other. “One thing”—the colonel’s mouth stretched into a smile of quiet satisfaction—“I’ll swear I winged the fellow tonight.” He patted an ivory-handled pistol at his belt, and smiled again. “He’ll not get far with a wound like that.”
The colonel bowed again, uttered a few more apologies, and was gone, leaving Susanna to sink back against the door with a long sigh of relief. She waited a moment, listening to the sounds of booted feet withdrawing along the passage, then, swiftly, retrieved the key from its hiding place and opened the wardrobe. 
So fantastic had been the events of the past quarter-hour that she almost expected to find her mysterious visitor gone—vanished like the figment of nightmare he had so much resembled. But he was there, leaning back against the folds of Susanna’s traveling cloak, one hand still pressed to his breast. 
His eyes were closed, and for a moment after the door was opened, he remained motionless, the only movement the rapid rise and fall of his chest. Susanna had had only a moment’s glimpse of him before—an impression of lean, hawk-like features, widely-space dark eyes, and a strong, broad-shouldered form. Now she paused a moment, one hand on the wardrobe door, to study him more closely. 
He was younger than she had at first supposed—some thirty years of age, perhaps, and with a face that must be handsome when it was not so white and drawn with fatigue. It was an inscrutable face—long and dark and well schooled at giving nothing away, with a wide brow and supple mouth, now drawn back in a grimace of pain, and dark eyes set deep under strongly marked, slanting black brows. Now those eyes opened and met hers in a long stare, an expression Susanna could not quite read flickering in their dark depths. Was it intelligence? Passion? She was certain of one thing, however; those eyes betokened an inner strength, a certitude of purpose. 
Then, “I suppose I am to thank you.” His voice was rough, almost resentful, and held anything but gratitude. 
“Something of the sort would appear to be in order.” Susanna spoke dryly.
The man grunted. “You lie well enough, at any rate—woman-like.” 
Susanna’s temper flared. “You’d better be thankful I can tell a good lie since it has just saved you from certain capture.”
There was a pause during which they glared at each another, and then the man’s eyes fell. “Very well—thank you.” 
The words were so ungraciously spoken, that Susanna had to laugh. “Since it appears that is the closest to a civil reply that I’m likely to get from you, I will accept your thanks. You’re most welcome.” 
There was another pause, during which the man tried to hoist himself to standing, then sank back once more against the wardrobe wall with a muttered oath. 
Susanna watched him a moment. Then said, “Here—let me help you.”
The man’s lips tightened at the offer, and at the extended hand that accompanied it, but he accepted the hand wordlessly, and, with Susanna’s assistance, climbed out to stand beside her, breathing fast with the effort. 
“You’d best sit down a moment.”
The man’s jaw tightened, but, still without speaking, he dropped heavily into the armchair by the hearth and closed his eyes once more. 
“Are you a smuggler and a murderer?” Susanna asked. Reaction was beginning to set in. Her whole body felt chilled and she had to clench her hands to keep them from trembling. But she managed to make her voice level.
The man opened his eyes. “Since I am about to remove myself from your presence, it can scarcely matter to you one way or the other what my crimes may be.” 
Anger and the aftermath of fear sharpened her tone. “Since I have just risked being arrested myself to protect you, I think you must at least allow me to be curious as to whether I have indeed aided and abetted a villain.”
For a long moment, the man’s eyes, dark with hostility, met hers. And then at last he said, “As it happens, no. I may be guilty of many things. But I am neither a smuggler nor a killer.” 
As he spoke, he struggled to rise from the chair, but Susanna pushed him back with a hand planted firmly on his chest.
“Don’t be an idiot. You can’t possibly go anywhere in your condition—you’d leave a trail of blood any imbecile could follow, for one thing.”
She crossed to the washbasin and poured water from the pitcher, then wet one of the linen towels and wrung it almost dry. “Take off your shirt.” 
The man’s eyebrows rose. “Do you happen to be an expert on gunshot wounds, then?”  
“No. But since I appear to be the best hope of assistance you have, you’d best let me see what I can do.”
Her companion stared at her, his expression unreadable. “You know nothing about me. You shouldn’t risk yourself—” 
“I have already risked myself. And didn’t you just tell me yourself you’re not guilty of the crimes?”
The man swore again under his breath. “Of all nature’s cruelties, the most abominable is a strong-willed woman.”
There was at any rate a certain freedom in having thrown caution to the winds and cast her lot.  
Susanna said, her voice crisp, “Two days ago, I was dismissed from my last post for pushing my employer’s stepson into a fountain when he tried to force his attentions on me. And I now have the agreeable prospect of either finding another governess position—where I will probably encounter similar situations—or starving. I assure you, you are not nearly so intimidating as you think you are.” 
Towel in hand, she crossed to stand before him at the hearth. “And you needn’t glower at me like that—it isn’t my fault you’ve been chased and nearly captured and shot.” 
To Susanna’s surprise, the drawn, tense face suddenly relaxed. The man grinned wryly. 
“No more it is—but I’ve got to be angry with someone, and it’s easier to be angry with you than with myself for being fool enough to be hit. Very well, then, Miss …”
“Ward. Susanna Ward.”
“Very well, then, Miss Ward, do your worst. I warn you, though—you won’t enjoy it.”
Susanna had taken a pair of sewing scissors from her traveling kit, and now, as carefully as she could, cut the blood-soaked fabric away from the wound, then drew in a long breath at what she saw. Not that she was prepared to admit it, but the man was right—she wouldn’t enjoy the task before her. She bent once more to examine the wound, trying to ignore the stench of blood and the sudden queasiness that gripped her.
The ball appeared to have entered in the fleshy part of the shoulder, but there was too much blood for her to see properly. Using the damp towel, Susanna swabbed at the wound, then bit her lip and glanced at the man’s face.
He had shut his eyes, and, aside from clenching his jaw when the towel passed over the wound, he had neither moved nor spoken. But his face, beneath the tan of his skin, had gone grayish pale.
“The ball is still lodged in the wound, I think,” Susanna said. “I’m going to have to try and dig it out.”
The man’s eyes remained closed, but he nodded briefly to show he understood, and Susanna drew in a long breath, picked up the tiny pair of scissors and began.
Neither of them spoke during the process that followed. Susanna had hoped that he might faint, but he remained motionless, and, so far as she could tell, fully conscious throughout. The only outward sign of the pain he must be feeling was his hand, clenched so tightly on the arm of the chair that his knuckles whitened under the skin. The ball was not deeply lodged, but it took Susanna some time to get it free, and by the time she had done so and started to bandage up the wound, the stranger’s face was wet with perspiration.
“There.” Susanna fixed in place the last strip of makeshift bandages, fashioned from the remains of the other linen towel, and, with a sigh of mingled relief and exhaustion, laid scissors and linen down with hands that shook from sheer fatigue. She sat back, pushing the hair from her own brow, damp and sticky with sweat as well, and studied her companion.
“Would you like me to bring you something? I could fetch some brandy from downstairs, if you like.”
He had been leaning back against the head of the chair, eyes still closed, breathing ragged, but at the question, the dark, hooded eyes opened to study Susanna, a faint gleam of humor lurking beneath the surface of their gaze. 
“Sit down.” The words were spoken on a long, drawn-out breath, but when he had paused a moment to gather strength, he went on, more steadily now. “Come—you look worse than I feel. Sit down here”—he gestured faintly to the chair beside his—“and tell me how a young lady of tender years and breeding comes to know so much about the extraction of a bullet from a wound.”
Susanna hesitated a moment, uncertain, but a tinge of color was creeping back into the man’s face. 
She allowed herself to smile in return, and with a weary, thankful sigh, sank into the armchair opposite his. “I think you’ve grossly overestimated my capabilities—but I’m glad if I didn’t hurt you too much. One of my young charges got a ball lodged in his leg once,” she added, by way of explanation. “One of the older boys was shooting at some rooks in a tree, but he missed and hit his brother by mistake. The doctor had to be summoned, and since there was no nurse to be had, I was the one called into attendance when he dug it out.”
“I see. But an accident?” The man’s lean face relaxed for a moment into an unguarded smile. He would be very handsome indeed when he wasn’t wounded and in pain. “Don’t you believe it—I know what devils boys can be—I was one myself, once.”
He sat up, then, studying her more closely. “So you really are a governess. I would never have taken you for one.” 
“Give me time—in a few years I shall doubtless acquire all the characteristic signs—the bowed shoulders, the air of cringing deference, the myopic gaze, the venerable gray head …”
Susanna forced herself to speak lightly, but the man didn’t smile in return. 
“It’s no kind of life for a young lady—for any creature of spirit.” He spoke almost roughly. “I wish—” But he stopped abruptly. “I must go—I’ve stayed too long as it is.” He made an attempt to rise, and Susanna protested.
“You can’t—you’re not fit,” Susanna protested.
“I’m fit enough—and I mustn’t risk any delay. If I were to be found here, it would be disastrous—for both of us.” He got to his feet, only a little unsteadily, and crossed to the window. “Ah, good. There’s a drainpipe here that will do admirably. The grade of the roof isn’t steep, and it’s only a few feet’s drop to the ground. I think I shall be able to manage it, even one-handed.”
But then he turned back and seemed to hesitate, looking abruptly more uncertain than he had since he had burst into the room, a line appearing between his brows. “Look here. You said you were out of a job. And that you hadn’t much money left.” He reached awkwardly into an inner pocket with his good hand. “I haven’t much in the way of ready coin on me at present, but I could—” 
For some reason, the offer—a not entirely unreasonable one, she had to admit—ignited a blaze of fury in Susanna’s chest. “I don’t want your money!” she snapped. 
The stranger didn’t react to the anger in her tone. Instead he gave her a brief half-smile. And then he bowed, one hand still resting on the sash of the window. 
“Goodbye, Miss Ward.” he said. “And I thank you. Now, please forget me—forget that I was ever here.”


Chapter 3
Susanna, left alone once more, stood for a moment at the window, looking after the disappearing form before turning back into the room. The air was heavy with candle smoke and the cloying smell of blood, and she left the window open so that it might have a chance to clear. Aimlessly, she walked from one end of the room to the other and back again, then sank into a chair by the fire. She felt oddly flat and let down. After all the melodrama and excitement of the last hours, it seemed anticlimactic to simply put out her candle and go to sleep. And yet what else was there to be done? She was unlikely ever to see her mysterious visitor again—and besides, he was no concern of hers. So why were her thoughts so firmly fixed on him—the memory of his face, his voice, the dark, reckless expression of his eyes—
Susanna took herself firmly in hand. She had only his word for it that he was innocent. And he had given her no explanation for his flight. Would an innocent man really have run away from Colonel Price?
At any rate, she told herself again, it was no concern of hers. She knew nothing about him—why, she realized with a start, she didn’t even have a name by which to call him.  
Susanna climbed into bed, blew out the candle, shut her eyes, and determined to sleep. But it was a long time before she drifted off, tumbling straight into a dream. 
She was running—running with desperate speed along a dark corridor, after a slim dark figure, who walked on just ahead, neither hurrying nor stopping, but always, maddeningly, just beyond her reach. It was a man’s form—with a familiar head of curling black hair and broad, strong shoulders, and she ran harder, chest burning, lungs straining, knowing only that she must reach him—must get to him before he was gone.
At last she caught up with him, and he turned to face her.
And she saw, not her midnight visitor, but the dried, ascetic old face of her grandfather, his blue eyes blazing with the old disdain and disapproval.
And she heard once more the voice of old Franklin. “They killed him, miss.” And then, “There’s a wrong to be put right.”
A noise in the room woke her, and she opened her eyes to find the cold gray light of dawn creeping in at the window, and the housemaid busy drawing the curtains and setting out water for washing. Nelly, the same plump, apple-cheeked young woman of the night before, turned as Susanna stirred, and greeted her with a broad smile. 
“Good morning, miss. Ever such a fine morning it is, miss—bids fair to be a fine day.”
Susanna, dazed with sleep and the still vivid dream, could only nod in reply, and the maid went on, “I’m sorry if I woke you, miss—I tried to be as quiet as I could.” 
Her round face was anxious beneath its white mob cap. 
“That’s all right.” Susanna pushed the tangled curls from her forehead, and sat up, managing a smile. “What’s your name?”
“It’s Nelly, miss.”
“Well, it’s quite all right, Nelly—it’s time I was getting up, anyway.”
The girl busied herself once more about the room and Susanna sank back against the pillows, her mind busy. The vividness and clarity of her dream had faded, but the urgency—the sense that somewhere, somehow, there was an important task to be accomplished—had not.  
The dream had recalled to her mind Franklin’s accusation of murder, and the mystery surrounding her grandfather’s death. Ought she to go to Rutherford Hall? Yesterday she had leaned towards staying away—her pride rebelling at the thought of being cast as a poor relation, begging for an easy place.  
But now—the lean, dark face of her last night’s visitor flashed before her gaze—now, for reasons she did not care to admit, even to herself, she was inclined to stay in the neighborhood if she could. 
A horrified gasp from Nelly made her look up with a start. The girl had moved away from the grate to begin clearing the washbasin, and had now found the grisly heap of bloodied towels Susanna had used to staunch her visitor’s bleeding. She had forgotten to dispose of them the night before, and now she cursed herself for her carelessness—how ever was she to explain their presence to the maid? 
“Whatever happened, here, miss? Have you hurt yourself?” Nelly’s dark eyes were wide with alarm.
“I … I—” Susanna faltered. “I cut my finger last night—while I was sewing. It wasn’t a deep cut, but it bled quite a bit—as you can see.”
“Oh, I see, miss.” The girl looked relieved. “From the blood, I thought somebody’d been hurt mortal bad. But we’re all a bit jumpy, this morning, what with the murder and all.”
Susanna’s thoughts were wandering away after the wounded man—had he escaped capture?—so that it was a moment before Nelly’s words sank in. “Murder?” she repeated sharply. “Whose murder?” 
“It’s all over town, miss—everyone’s talking of it. Seems there was a man’s body found last night on the beach—away by the cliffs. They say”—she lowered her voice—“they say as how he was stabbed through the heart, miss.”
Susanna felt the blood drain away from her cheeks. This, then, must be the crime her visitor stood accused of—might even, for all she knew, be guilty of. And yet—the man’s face rose once more before her eyes, as he had looked in the moments when he had let down his guard enough to smile.
Trying to keep her voice casual, she asked, “Have they any suspects—have they arrested anyone for the crime?” 
“Well, miss, they do say as how they saw the man as did it—chased him into town, they did, and all round these parts, but from what I’ve heard they’ve not caught him yet.” She paused. “Fair makes your skin crawl, don’t it, miss? Only think of there being a murderer wandering about free.”
She broke off with a shiver, and Susanna considered a moment. Nelly would surely hear, if she hadn’t already, that a group of soldiers had come in to search the inn. To fail to mention their visit would look suspicious, under the circumstances. 
She made up her mind to tell part of the truth, at least. “A group of men—soldiers—did come here last night, looking for a fugitive of some kind. They said he was wanted for smuggling, as well as murder.” 
The girl’s eyes had widened at this bit of news, but at the last words, a closed look descended on her face, and she turned quickly away. “As to that, miss, I couldn’t say.” 
“But have the soldiers been here long? And why are they here?”
Still Nelly appeared reluctant to reply. “Stationed here to stamp out the smuggling, miss,” she said at last. 
“Smuggling?”
“Yes, miss.” The words came unwillingly, as though they were dragged out. “Brandy and tea, mostly. Over from France.”
“I see—yes, of course.” She ought to have guessed as much. The long war against Napoleon—and the laws against French imports—had failed to choke off the English taste for French luxury goods. It had succeeded instead in giving rise to a brisk business in what its purveyors loosely termed “free trade”—import without the benefit of customs officers or duties.
Smuggling rings had sprung up all along the coast, for the enormous margin of profit luxury goods could bring was enough to tempt men all over the country to risk imprisonment and hanging for the crime. It was surely no surprise that a seaside town like Broughton had its own band of the sort. 
Susanna considered her next question. Then, “Have they any idea who the man was—the man they chased, I mean?” 
Nelly shook her head, her dark eyes wide. “No, miss. Fair driving Colonel Price wild, it is. They know there’s one man—the leader of the smugglers. But no one knows who he is or where he comes from.” 
She lowered her voice to scarcely more than a whisper. “There’s some says as the man’s not mortal flesh and blood—the way he can vanish into thin air, like, when there’s anyone after him.” 
“But you must know something about him—or the men who work for him must.”
But Nelly only shook her head. Her face was suddenly wary, and she refused to meet Susanna’s gaze. 
“Never mind, miss—forget I said anything.” She spoke in a mutter. “Best not to speak of him—there’s trouble for them that knows too much about Captain Clark.”
“Captain Clark?” Susanna repeated sharply. “I thought you said no one knew his name. Who is that?”
But Nelly only shook her head. “Never you mind, miss.” 
There were a few moments of silence while Nelly finished laying out fresh towels, and then Susanna thought to ask the question that ought to have occurred to her earlier. 
“Nelly, who was the man who was killed? Was it one of the smugglers?”
Nelly appeared relieved at the change of subject, and her answer came readily enough. “Oh, no, miss. Leastways, not that I knows of. No, it was an old man as was killed.” 
“An old man?” A cold foreboding gripped her like a phantom hand, squeezing tight around her ribcage. “What old man?”
“Oh, a gardener, miss—a gardener up at Rutherford Hall. Funny old chap by the name of Jeremy Franklin.”


Chapter 4
Susanna sank back against the pillows dimly aware that Nelly was still speaking, but unable to take in a word of what was said. Jeremy Franklin killed—murdered, if Nelly’s story was to be believed. The room seemed to spin about her as she struggled to understand. Who could have killed the old gardener—and why?  
She, at least, knew of one reason that someone might have had for wishing the old man harm. She recalled the old gardener’s parting words to her the afternoon before. “They killed him. … There’s a wrong to be put right.”
If the old man had given some sign of his suspicions—if he’d tried of his own accord to bring the person he suspected of murder to justice … 
But where did her mysterious visitor come into it? Had he known her grandfather—could it have been he who had killed him? But—she drew a slightly easier breath at the remembrance—Franklin had said that it was “them up at the Hall,” who had killed her grandfather.
Unless her mysterious midnight visitor was a resident at Rutherford—which scarcely seemed likely—the old man’s accusation could not be taken to refer to him. Which surely made it less likely that he was himself guilty of Franklin’s killing? If someone up at the Hall had killed her grandfather, it meant at least that there was someone other than the wounded stranger who must have had a strong motive for silencing Franklin.
Susanna stared at the bloodied basin and rags. And realized two things. First, that she didn’t at all want to believe the man whose wound she had tended was actually guilty of murder. And second, that she would never be able to sleep—or face her own reflection in the mirror again—until she knew for certain whether she had in fact helped poor old Franklin’s killer to go free. 
With a feeling of reckless abandon, she sent Nelly downstairs with an order for the largest, heartiest breakfast the inn had to offer, and then, pausing only to wrap herself in her dressing gown, crossed to the little writing table and drew out paper and a pen. Her course of action was determined—she was going to Rutherford Hall.  
The letter cost her some effort in composition, for she shrank from appearing to beg an easy place in the household. But at last she had finished. When Nelly returned with her breakfast she gave the letter into her care to see that it was delivered at once to the Hall.  
Now she sat down to the platter of eggs, cold beef and mustard, toast, rolls, and coffee that Nelly had brought. Her lot was effectively cast. She had now only to wait and see what her uncle’s response would be.
When she had eaten her fill of the breakfast, she rose and crossed to the traveling case that stood by the bed where the servant had left it. She must now decide on what to wear for her journey to her family’s home. For the last three years, all her gowns had been made by her own hand from the same pattern—sensible, plain round gowns in the dark, sober colors suitable to the lot of a governess—and all these she rejected.  
It might be—indeed, probably was—mistaken pride, but she would not go to meet her only living relations dressed as a penniless servant. She had but one really presentable gown—a blue spotted muslin, sprigged with tiny garlands of red flowers. A relic of days gone by, even this was frayed and worn about the hem with age, but it was still better than anything else she owned—it would have to do, at any rate. 
She donned the dress and a pair of pearl earrings that had been her mother’s, and sat down at the dressing table to do her hair. In the ancient, slightly greenish glass of the mirror, her face looked drained of all color, her eyes wide and troubled, still shadowed with the fatigue of the night before, and she pinched her cheeks to lend them color before running the brush through her hair and taming the red-gold curls.
All was quiet in the inn below when she descended the stairs, and she crossed the hall to the door of the taproom and peered in. The room, with its age-blackened rafters and great, open fireplace at one end, was deserted as well, save for a pair of men, seated in close conversation at one of the rough deal tables scattered the length of the room. Sailors or fishermen, to judge by their appearance, with rough woolen caps set over greasy straggles of graying hair, and faces weather beaten and ruddy. They sat over great tankards of porter, shoulders hunched, with their elbows on the table, and seemed to be deep in some secret conversation, for they stopped talking when she entered, so that she caught only the last few words spoken. 
“… wait and see what Captain Clark himself has to say.”
It was the awed, almost reverent tone that caught Susanna’s attention. She paused in the doorway, suddenly curious. 
But while she remained, no other word was spoken. Seeing her, the two men had fallen instantly silent, their faces shuttered with suspicion, their eyes hostile. Daunted, though still curious, Susanna murmured a hasty apology and withdrew almost at once, to make her way along the corridor to the back rooms of the inn, where sounds of movement betrayed the presence of some other person. 
A door led the way into the back rooms—the kitchens and storerooms, and the innkeeper’s own small quarters. The door to one of these rooms, from which the sounds came, stood ajar, and Susanna paused only to tap lightly on the frame before going in. She had, it appeared, found her way to the innkeeper’s office—a tiny room, scarcely ten feet square, with a rough wooden desk on which stood a money box, and a wall shelf containing heavy leather account books and ledgers. 
It was there she found the innkeeper himself—a Mr. Featherstone, she recalled from the night before. He was a heavy man, with a bulging red waistcoat, a heavy, prosperous-looking gold watch chain strung across the straining fabric, and a cheerful face under a thatch of curling gray hair. Just now, he was standing at the fireplace with his back to her, his hands raised to the scrolled woodwork about the mantle. 
At the sound of her footstep in the doorway, though, he started and whirled about, his rosy, genial face for the moment startled out of all its customary good humor and gone suddenly pasty under the ruddy skin. 
He stared at her a moment, mouth gaping, eyes wide, and then attempted a smile. 
“Ah, Miss … Miss …” Mr. Featherstone faltered, then stood staring, once more at a loss.
“Ward,” Susanna supplied.
“Miss Ward. Miss Ward, yes, of course.” Mr. Featherstone swallowed hard. “What can I do for you, Miss Ward?” He spoke more easily now, but the heartiness of his tone rang hollow, there was a look of anxiety at the back of his small black eyes.
Susanna summoned up an apologetic smile. “I came to settle my bill with you, if that’s convenient.” She spoke lightly, trying to put the man at his ease, but continued to study him closely. 
He was standing, she thought, rather too squarely in front of the mantle, almost—almost as though there were something behind him he wished to conceal from her sight, and his eyes met hers with a kind of desperate directness, as though if he could only hold her gaze with his own, he might keep her from seeing whatever it was he wished to keep hidden.  
Susanna shifted her gaze, attempting to discover just what that something might be. The room looked innocent enough—all seemed perfectly ordinary and natural, and there was certainly no space for concealment in that tiny chamber. Except … Susanna’s eye could just detect a faint line in the woodwork beside the mantle—hardly more than a shadow, or perhaps a long, narrow crack. 
“Your bill, miss?” The landlord repeated. He spoke as though unfamiliar with the words.
“Yes—my bill,” Susanna said patiently. “I shall be leaving presently—and I wanted to settle my bill before I go.”
“Oh—oh, I see, miss.” With an effort, the landlord appeared to drag his attention back to the matter at hand, and Susanna continued to study the crack in the woodwork. A secret compartment, perhaps? Perhaps the mantle housed a hidden cupboard, where the landlord kept his stores of money—or silver—or whatever else he might wish to conceal. It was, at any rate, the most probable explanation—and harmless enough.
A faint shine of perspiration had broken out on Mr. Featherstone’s broad forehead, and feeling suddenly sorry for the man’s embarrassment—and for having disturbed his secret—Susanna settled her bill and went out, leaving Mr. Featherstone to whatever private business he might choose to conduct. 
The men were still talking in the taproom when she emerged from the back rooms—she could hear the deep murmur of their voices, though the words were indistinct. What instinct prompted her, she didn’t know, for she was not, as a general rule, in the habit of listening to other people’s conversations, but almost before she had time for conscious thought she had slipped as silently as she could across the hall to stand, half-concealed in the partially open doorway, ears straining. 
Their voices were still too low for her to catch the words—she could make out only fragments here and there. Something about a “shipment tonight,” and “damned red-coats”—and then, with tantalizing clarity, she caught the name again—Captain Clark. 
A sudden touch on her arm made her start guiltily and whirl round, heart pounding, expecting to have been caught in her listening by a confederate of the men in the taproom. She found, though, that she was staring into the face, not of a villainous sailor, or even of Mr. Featherstone, but of a dark haired girl, perhaps a year or two older than Susanna, and dressed in a heavy black gown of deep mourning. 
So startled was she, that for a moment Susanna could only gape at the new arrival. She was a tall girl—taller, at any rate, than Susanna—with dark, almost Latin coloring, a pair of smoldering dark eyes, and an intense, strong-featured face that might have been pretty save for its look of sulky discontent. 
“Miss Ward?” She asked. Her voice was faintly challenging, almost hostile, and Susanna drew back a little.
“That is my name, yes,” she said cautiously.
“I’m Julia Lovecraft—from Rutherford Hall,” she added. “I was sent to collect you.”
Her tone of voice made it plain that she had been sent much against her will, and Susanna smiled suddenly. “I’m sorry to have been the cause of such an unpleasant errand—I hope you won’t hold it against me.” 
At that, the girl’s face flushed, and she looked conscious of the impression she must have made—and suddenly, somehow, very much younger than she had done. “I didn’t mean it to sound like that—I’m sorry. I … I expect I’m being very rude.” 
Susanna laughed. “Never mind. Let’s start over again, shall we?” She put out her hand. “My name is Susanna Ward.” 
A faint smile warmed the girl’s face, transforming her whole expression, and she took the hand Susanna offered. “And I’m Julia Lovecraft. Your father was my mother’s brother.” 
Susanna smiled. “That’s better. And if you are my father’s niece, then I suppose you must be my cousin—and so you must call me Susanna straight off, you know.” 
Julia nodded, the smile deepening. “Yes, we are cousins—though I don’t remember your father, for he quarreled with Grandfather long before I was born. I’ve heard stories about him, though—from some of the servants,” she added. “About all the pranks and jokes he used to play when he was a little boy—he sounded such fun.” 
There was a kind of wistfulness about the way she spoke, and, quite without warning, Susanna’s eyes were blinded by a mist of tears. “Yes, he was,” she said softly. 
There was a moment’s silence, and then the other girl impulsively touched her hand. “He died recently, didn’t he? I’m sorry. But I’m glad you’ve come—it’s rather nice to discover I’ve a cousin I didn’t know existed before now.” 
Susanna smiled ruefully. “I only hope all my other relations at Rutherford Hall are as glad of my visit—I know it must be terribly inconvenient to have me drop in suddenly like this.” 
“Not at all,” the other girl assured her. “My uncle Charles—Rutherford Hall belongs to him now, you know—was delighted to hear you were here. He’s very fond of company—and he loves to entertain, though he hasn’t had much chance for it of late. But that’s why he’s sent me to fetch you—he’s hoping to persuade you to make a good long stay with us.”
“Thank you. I’d like that very much.”
“Are you ready to go, then? The carriage is waiting outside, and I know my uncle is anxious to meet you.”
Susanna had been smiling, but now the smile faded as a sudden jolt of remembrance shook her. In the excitement of meeting her cousin Julia, and the nervous anticipation of a meeting with her other relations, she had all but forgotten what her purpose in traveling to the Hall was—to find the killer, of both her grandfather and old Jeremy Franklin.  
The realization of what she was doing sank in, and for an instant, she shrank back, appalled. Could she really be proposing to enter the household, if not under false pretenses, at least with some degree of practiced deceit, and suspect the members of the family—her own flesh and blood—of cold, deliberate murder? 
At that moment, she might almost have blurted out the whole of the wild, improbable tale to Julia, and begged to be excused from returning with her to the Hall. Something checked her, though—the memory of Jeremy Franklin’s kind old face? 
Or perhaps the recollection of another face, hawk-like and dark, with clear, brown eyes filled with strength and purpose …
At any rate, the moment passed, and Susanna squared her shoulders. Her course was determined—there was no going back now. She would go to Rutherford, and if indeed there was a crime to be avenged, and a killer to be brought to justice, she would be ready to do her duty. 
“Yes, indeed, I’m quite ready to go. Let me just send word to have my trunks fetched down, and I shall be ready to attend you directly.”


Chapter 5
Sir Charles Ward’s carriage proved a handsome, modern affair, with a top open to the sky and a pair of footmen who descended to stand smartly at attention at their emergence from the inn. As they approached, Susanna was all at once struck off balance and nearly knocked to the ground by a blur of black and white fur that launched itself at her from behind. 
“Sorry, miss. Come here. Down, boy.”
The black and white blur resolved itself into a very large, very shaggy dog, long-limbed and comical, with a loose-jointed, loping gate and a huge hairy head and powerful square jaws. He was accompanied by the speaker—a breathless russet-haired boy in a shirt of ragged blue homespun, who had run to catch up with the animal and was trying, without much success, to rein in his pet. 
“Sorry, miss,” he said again, panting as he struggled to hold the dog’s collar. “He don’t mean no harm, miss.”
The dog was greeting Susanna with all the rapture of an old acquaintance, tongue lolling, tail wagging, his whole absurd body vibrating with pleasure as he leaped up to place one hairy paw squarely on Susanna’s stomach. 
“Oof.” Susanna let out her breath in a whoosh, then laughed. “I’m sure he doesn’t. Mean any harm, that is. What’s his name?”
“Jep, miss.” The boy’s face cracked in a smile, which quickly deepened into an oddly attractive, gap-toothed grin. He was an engaging urchin, very square and sturdily built with a round, merry, snub-nosed face, and a pair of deceptively innocent wide blue eyes.
“I’m very pleased to meet you, Jep.” Susanna gravely took the paw Jep had generously extended to her, and then turned her attention back to the boy.
“He’s certainly a lovely creature. Is he yours?” she asked.
The boy nodded proudly. “All mine, miss. He’s a rare one, Jep is. Not a better one for catching rats in the country, I reckon. Can bite a rat in two with one snap, miss,” he added with relish.  
“Yes, I’m sure he could.” Susanna suppressed a shudder, and patted the immense shaggy head gingerly.
“He likes you, miss,” the boy said. “He’d not let anyone do that.”
“Then I’m very much honored,” Susanna said with a smile and another pat. And then, recollecting her cousin and the waiting coach, added, “I’m afraid I’ve got to be going, now. Perhaps I’ll see you and Jep again sometime.”
“Yes, miss.” The boy, keeping a tight hold on Jep’s collar to prevent his following, waved a cheerful goodbye, and, with the assistance of the two footmen, they climbed into the carriage and were off.
When they had settled back in the thickly-upholstered seats, Susanna studied the other girl a moment, considering. 
An intense, passionate girl, and not a very happy one, she thought. Her face, in repose, bore a discontented look about the corners of the mouth, and the dark eyes, shadowed about with purple smudges, bespoke of troubled, wakeful nights. The mourning colors she wore ill-suited her coloring and complexion, turning a creamy skin slightly yellow, and lending a dull, wax-like hue to her cheeks. And more, Susanna thought, her paleness seemed unnatural, with a taut, hollow look about the lines of cheek and jaw. 
It might, of course, be only the recent sorrow of her grandfather’s death that troubled her. But equally—Jeremy Franklin’s accusations came back to her—equally, there might be some more sinister cause for the girl’s ill-looks. 
As though sensing Susanna’s scrutiny, Julia turned, meeting Susanna’s gaze, and suddenly smiled once more, the look or worry momentarily lifting from her face “I’m glad you’ve come,” she said in a rush. “Things at the Hall have been … have been …” she paused, and a slight shudder ran over her frame. “So … grim. You simply can’t imagine what a relief it will be to have someone there for company.” 
Susanna hesitated a moment before replying. She liked Julia Lovecraft very much indeed—liked her, and at the same time was sorry for whatever load of trouble the other girl carried. That liking made the task before her more difficult—she felt like a Judas, worming her way into her cousin’s confidence in this way—especially when she was met with such warmth and kindness.  
All the same, though, she knew she mustn’t allow herself to lose sight of her purpose in traveling to Rutherford. One murder certainly had been committed, and another was suspected—she mustn’t let herself forget that—especially not now. 
It would be as well, then, to learn as much as she could about the rest of the household—and about the circumstances surrounding her grandfather’s death. With something of this in mind, then, she leaned back against the carriage seat with a little nod of understanding. 
“You’re still in mourning for our grandfather, of course. I heard of his death in the village—about a month ago, wasn’t it?”
Julia nodded. “Yes. It was the second week of June when he died. And yes, we’re still in mourning for him.” She paused, and the sulky, discontented look passed once more over her face. “Not that I believe in such things myself,” she added, almost defiantly. 
“Yes—it doesn’t seem quite right, does it? As though death were all sorrow—and we hadn’t any hope of anything to come.”
“That wasn’t what I meant.” The words were bitten off, almost curtly. “I don’t believe in any of it—putting on mourning—and dressing in black—and tying up the door-knockers with crepe.” The words tumbled out in a vehement rush. “It’s all hypocrisy—nothing but hypocrisy. As though”—she gave a harsh, dreadful laugh—“as though any of us grieved—as though any of us were sorry my grandfather was dead.”
She broke off abruptly, and shot a challenging look at Susanna. “I suppose you think that’s awful of me—that I’m unfilial, and irreverent, and impious.” 
“I should think it would be a great deal more terrible for our grandfather—to have died, and not leave anyone behind to mourn him or be sorry he was gone,” Susanna said quietly.
“It’s his own fault if he has.” Julia’s voice was ragged. “And it’s true—every word of what I said is true. Not one of us is sorry he’s gone—not one. He was a mean, tyrannical old dictator, and I’m glad he’s not alive to bully us any longer—glad.”
Susanna had drawn back a little at the intensity of the other girl’s tone, and before she could make any sort of reply, the sight of a solitary rider, approaching the carriage from the opposite direction on the road, provided an interruption and a distraction. 
At the sight of the man, Julia’s whole expression had softened, her pale cheeks flushed rosy, and now she lifted a hand to greet the rider as he turned his horse to draw alongside and ride beside them a few steps. 
He was a tall young man, with tow-colored hair and a strong-boned, serious face, pleasant rather than handsome, but with a rugged, earnest determination that Susanna found instantly attractive. 
He exchanged a word or two at the window with Julia, then turned his horse once more and rode off, raising one hand in a parting gesture of farewell as they rolled away. 
“Who was that?”
Julia had leaned back against the cushions, her face dreamy and for once glowing with happiness, but at the question she roused and started to attention. 
“That—that was Mr. Carswell. I’m sorry—I ought to have introduced you. Only I didn’t think.”
Susanna smiled. It was perfectly evident, to her at least, that when Julia and Mr. Carswell met, there was little room in either of their minds for much besides rapt contemplation of their own two selves. “Don’t apologize—that’s quite all right.” She hesitated, then added. “I expect if Mr. Carswell is a resident of the neighborhood, I shall meet him soon enough.” 
Julia’s face had clouded, though. “It’s not likely,” she said shortly. And then, as though regretting her abruptness, she added. “He’s the local surgeon. He has a very good practice in Broughton. But he’s not,” she added bitterly, “a welcome caller at the Hall.” 
“I see.” Susanna did see, too. Poor Julia—to have fallen in love with someone whom most of her relations would consider little more than a common tradesman—a servant to be summoned in the case of illness, useful, perhaps, but by no means a fit suitor for the granddaughter of the house.
Recalling her grandfather’s blistering comments on the subject of her own mother, Susanna could well imagine what he would have felt about his granddaughter’s choice of the local surgeon as a sweetheart, and the thought flashed across her mind to wonder what the dark, passionate girl beside her might have done to get her own way in the affair. 
A sudden shiver ran over her, and she felt with a sickening jolt just what she had let herself in for in undertaking to investigate her grandfather’s death. To suspect her cousin Julia of killing an old man—their own grandfather—was fantastic—absurd. But all the same, from now on, everyone she met—everyone she encountered, must be suspected of the terrible crime of murder. 
She had been about to offer some word of sympathy, but a glance at the girl’s shuttered face made her change her mind. She said instead, “Will you tell me something about the rest of the family at the Hall? You’ve told me about your uncle Sir Charles, of course—but I should be glad to know what I can about the rest of the household before I arrive.” 
Her whole body rigid with tension, Julia had turned to stare blindly out the window, as though deep in some private, unpleasant reflections of her own, but now her brow cleared, and she nodded. 
“Yes, of course.” She leaned back against the seat cushions with a little sigh. “Yes, I expect you do want to hear all about the Hall—and the family. Did your father never tell you anything about us?”
“Nothing at all.” Susanna spoke regretfully. “We did come here, once, when I was just a child, but I can scarcely remember it—and I don’t think I met anyone else besides my grandfather.” She bit her lip, the memories of that painful day flooding back. “They quarreled again,” she added softly. “My father and grandfather—and after that, my father never mentioned his father’s name. Or any of the rest of the family, either. I haven’t even any idea of how many brothers and sisters my father had.”
“Our grandfather had five children,” replied Julia. “Three boys and two girls. My uncle Charles—he was the eldest. My aunt Ruth—she’s a dear, and lives with her own family in Derbyshire, your father, and my mother Sophia.”
“And you and your mother live with my uncle Charles?” Susanna asked. “I visited Rutherford Hall when I was a little girl, but I don’t remember meeting you.”
“No. We didn’t live there then.” Julia spoke shortly. “We only moved back to the Hall after my father died. He was an officer in the army and died of a yellow fever in India. We were”—her jaw tightened—“left very badly off after his death.”
There was a kind of reticence in Julia’s manner, and a look of sulky resentment had crept over her features. To smooth over the moment’s awkwardness, Susanna asked another question. “And the other brother—I think you said there were three boys?” 
“Oh—yes, of course.” Julia’s face cleared abruptly, and she smiled apologetically. “My uncle Henry. I’d nearly forgotten him—one does, somehow. He’s a clergyman—the vicar of the local parish, and lives quite close by the Hall at the rectory.”
“I see. Then it’s just you and your mother and Sir Charles living at the Hall now?”
Julia nodded. “That’s right—just the three of us, now that my grandfather is gone. And then there’s Uncle Henry and Aunt Caroline, of course. Living so close, they spend a good deal of their time with us.” Susanna hesitated, wondering what line of inquiry to take next, but there was no time for any further questions. The carriage had drawn up before a pair of high, wrought-iron gates, and the lodge keeper was coming out to welcome them to Rutherford Hall.


Chapter 6
The house was a handsome brick building, its face mellowed with age and masked by masses of creepers, with high chamfered windows and the tall, barley-sugar chimneys of the Elizabethan days. A dark-haired man had come out on the front steps to meet them, and as they alighted from the carriage he took Julia’s hands in a firm clasp and delivered a kiss on her cheek. 
“Julia, my dear—back so soon. And with our guest, I see. Well done—well done, indeed.”
He had handed Julia down from the steps onto the drive, and now turned his attention to Susanna. 
“And you must be Miss Susanna Ward. Delighted—delighted. Allow me to introduce myself. I am Sir Charles Ward—your uncle Charles.”
He had taken her hands, as he had Julia’s, and now stood beaming down at her. He was a broad, barrel-chested man, somewhere about forty years of age, with a crop of closely curling dark hair, liberally peppered with gray, and a pair of kindly blue eyes set in a blunt-featured face whose ruddy color proclaimed him a man more at home in the saddle than in town or drawing room. A healthy, hearty, good-humored man, he appeared not overly intelligent perhaps, but as open and honest as a summer day. 
He accepted Susanna’s greetings with a genial smile and brushed away her apologies for the suddenness of the visit. 
“Not at all, my dear, not at all. We’re delighted to have you at any time—delighted. Now, then. You girls come along with me into the house. I’m sure you’d like some refreshment after the ride, and I believe my sister’s had something brought up. Come along, now, Julia. Is that all your luggage, Miss— why, I hardly know what to call you.”
“Susanna, please,” Susanna said, smiling. “We are uncle and niece, after all, though we’ve never met.”
Sir Charles had taken her arm and was propelling both her and Julia towards the front door, but now he paused, his face clouding. 
“Yes—it was a bad business, that. My father quarreling with Matthew the way he did. I was sorry for it—and bitterly regretted the estrangement between them. My father was a proud man, Miss—Susanna. Too proud, perhaps. Pride of his family name was a kind of obsession with him. Make no mistake—he loved his children—but he never could forgive Matthew for having smirched the family honor, as he saw it.”
There seemed nothing to be said to this, so Susanna kept silent, and presently Sir Charles cheered. “But there—what’s past is past, and we’ve no call to think of such gloomy things. You’re here with us now—that’s the important thing, and we’ve a chance to make up the old quarrels.” He patted her hand and tucked it more tightly into the crook of his arm. “I hope you’ll be able to make a long stay with us, my dear.” 
Susanna did her best to reply to these effusions in kind, but her mind raced with questions. What was she doing, coming into the house of this kind, hospitable man, effectively as a traitor? That any of her grandfather’s relations could be guilty of murder seemed too fantastic to be believed—indeed, if it had not been for old Jeremy Franklin’s words—that “them” up at the Hall had killed the old man, and the gardener’s subsequent and violent death, she would have said that it was beyond belief.
No matter, she thought. She would learn what she could of her grandfather’s death, and then make up her mind one way or the other. Perhaps she would find after all that there was nothing in the old man’s tale—that her grandfather had died a peaceful, quiet death of natural causes, and that Jeremy Franklin’s murder had been merely an unfortunate coincidence.
They had gone inside, now, and were crossing a great, high-ceilinged hall, dimly lit even at this hour of the day, with a paved flagstone floor and a massive, old-fashioned fireplace taking up nearly the whole of one wall. 
“Welcome to Rutherford Hall, my dear,” her uncle was saying, as, crossing, he threw open a door on the far wall and ushered them inside.
The Rutherford drawing room was a comfortable, old-fashioned apartment, fitted up with heavy mahogany furniture and hung round with portraits displaying the tri-cornered hats and doubletted gowns of days gone by. A group of people were seated in a cluster by the open windows, two ladies and a man, who rose at their entrance and came forward to greet them. 
“My dears—such a happy day. A happy day, indeed,” Sir Charles was saying. “Allow me to present to you my niece, Miss Susanna Ward.” Beaming with pleasure, Sir Charles brought Susanna forward to be presented to the group.
“Susanna, allow me to present to you my sister, Mrs. Sophia Lovecraft, and my brother and his wife, Dr. Henry Ward, and Mrs. Caroline Ward.”
Susanna made her curtsy, and studied these new relations with interest. Her aunt Sophia was a slender, fair-haired woman, somewhere about the middle years of life, but very lovely still, with a delicately-featured oval face and a pair of wide, cornflower-blue eyes. By all appearances a very sweet, gentle woman, one would have said, save perhaps for the suggestion of something hard about the set of her mouth; its lips, slightly too thin for beauty, bespoke a certain determination, and a decided taste for getting her own way, and her eyes, on second glance, possessed lurking within their depths a look of cold, shrewd calculation that belied their seemingly wide and guileless look. 
She had fluttering, pretty little white hands, which now took Susanna’s own in a clasp as quick as decency permitted, and she bent to offer her cheek in a kiss as light and soft as the touch of a bird’s wing. 
“My dear. We are all so very, very glad you could come.” Her voice, too, was high, quick and sweet, but with something a little brittle about it, as though it were kept pleasant and mellifluous only with the force of controlled effort.
“Thank you, Aunt Sophia.” Susanna struggled to inject some warmth into her voice. “I’m very glad to have been able to come.”
“Oh, my dear.” Sophia Lovecraft gave a tinkling, silvery little laugh. “You mustn’t call me Aunt Sophia—why, you make me feel as old as Methuselah. Sophia will do very well.”
She spoke with a smile, but her face had hardened, and there something a little hostile about the expression in the lovely eyes. “I refuse”—the hardness in her voice was more audible now—“to behave as though I’m all but dead and buried, even if I do have a grown up daughter. Though of course,” she added quickly, with another tinkling laugh, “I was scandalously young when I married. My mother ought never to have permitted it, but there”—she lifted her hands in a gesture of appeal—“what was she to do? I was young and terribly, terribly in love. So I married poor dear Abner, and Julia was born a year later—only think, my own little girl, and I was scarcely more than a girl myself. Far younger than you are now, darling.” 
This last was directed at Julia, and Susanna, glancing instinctively in the other girl’s direction, saw the look of mingled disgust, disdain, and acute embarrassment with which it was met. Poor Julia. With such a mother, was it any wonder she looked sulky and discontented much of the time? 
“I thought Grandfather said you were one-and-twenty when you married, Mother.” Julia’s voice was flat.
“Darling.” Sophia’s tone was reproachful, and she lifted her eyebrows and gave another of those light, meaningless laughs. “So whimsical always. I know you’ll excuse her, Susanna. I may call you Susanna, mayn’t I? My poor brother’s own little girl.” The fluttering, claw-like hands clasped Susanna’s own once more. “We are all delighted that you could make this visit to us.”
Susanna murmured a vague reply, and turned with some relief to the other two who awaited introduction. 
“My brother Henry and his wife,” Sir Charles said again, and Susanna found herself shaking hands with the clergyman and his wife.
Caroline Ward was a big, squarely built woman of perhaps fifty years of age, whose heavy frame and capacious shelf of a bosom were ill-suited to the high-waisted dresses and clinging materials currently in fashion. She wore a gown of severely cut gray silk, trimmed only with a string of jet beads, and her gray hair, beneath a plainly made white cap, was drawn back from a high forehead and dressed without any of the usual curls and fancies. Her face, too, was square and domineering, with heavy, almost masculine features, a determined chin, and small gray eyes, set deep beneath a pair of heavy black brows, that Susanna judged would miss very little—particularly when there were human faults and follies to be ferreted out and exposed. 
Currently, those eyes were fixed on Susanna and were, Susanna felt sure, taking in every detail of her person and costume, from the worn hem of her dress to the tiny tear in the lace about her collar, to the small rubbed place in the finger of her left glove. Susanna felt herself being examined, assessed, and neatly docketed as a poor relation, come to beg for charity, and her aunt Caroline’s first words confirmed her suspicions. 
“I am very glad to make your acquaintance.” Her aunt had a loud, brisk, slightly grating voice, and spoke with crisp efficiency. “It is good of you to pay us a call while you are in the neighborhood, Miss Ward. I know my brother Sir Charles is delighted. But then, he is inclined to be hospitable.” Her lips pursed in a look of disapproval. “Perhaps overly so. People are so inclined to take advantage of one, when one is of generous temperament, do you not agree?”
“Yes, indeed, ma’am. But I had always supposed that the pleasure of bestowing generosity must outweigh the inevitable drawbacks.”
Aunt Caroline’s brows drew together, and she sniffed. “Pleasure? That may be, and I hope I know my Christian duty as well as the next woman, but in my opinion my brother-in-law is a good deal too free-handed with his charity. A good deal too ready,” she added, with a pointed glance at the hole in Susanna’s glove, “to be taken in by a hard-luck story and inveigled into giving away more than he ought.” 
Susanna was angered, but only for a moment. Smiling blandly, she said, “In that case, ma’am, it is perhaps as well that he has you to advise him.” She had stopped, not intending to say more, but some imp in the back of her mind prompted her to add, “I’m sure no one could ever accuse you, Aunt Caroline, of giving away more than was due.” 
Her aunt’s brows drew together once more, and she shot Susanna a suspicious glance, but was evidently unsure enough of this remark that she made no reply. Changing the subject, she gestured to the man who stood at her side. 
“And may I present to you your uncle Henry—my husband, Dr. Henry Ward.”
She gave her husband a little push, and he obediently stepped forward to murmur a greeting and bow low over Susanna’s hand. Beside the powerful figure of his wife, he was a small, rather insignificant-looking man with thin shoulders, a meager, concave chest, and spindly legs encased in stockings of the proper clerical black. Little doubt, Susanna thought, which of the two had the ruling hand in their household. His face was thin, marked by deeply scored lines that ran from temple to jaw, with a high, bony forehead, a balding pate, and something of an ascetic set to his thin-lipped mouth. He was some several inches below the average height so that his eyes, when he straightened up, were on a level with Susanna’s own. They were set rather too close together, and were of a particularly cold and colorless shade of gray.
He had taken Susanna’s hand in a dry, bony grasp, and now gave a little self-conscious cough before addressing her. 
“I am delighted to make your acquaintance, Miss Ward.” He had a dry, precise way of speaking, and a high, slightly reedy voice.
“It has ever been a matter of grief to me that the quarrel between my father and brother prevented me from making your acquaintance.”
The reference to his brother—Susanna’s father—made her start. Was it really possible that this man had been her father’s brother? That her gay, handsome, laughing father had been related by a tie of blood to this dried up, desiccated little man seemed scarcely to be believed. 
He gave another little dry cough, before going on, “The sin of pride is a grievous one indeed, and one, I believe I may say, to which we humans are particularly susceptible.” 
There was, Susanna thought, an unexpected pompousness, a certain quiet stubbornness about her uncle Henry. He had drawn himself up while speaking, and now went on rather as though he fancied himself in the pulpit, delivering a sermon on human vanity to a recalcitrant group of parishioners. 
“Despite my best efforts to correct him,” he continued, “and show him the error of his ways, my brother Matthew was ever of a proud, indomitable spirit. I did my best to remonstrate with him, but I fear …”
Susanna had scarcely time to feel that in her father’s place she would have felt impelled to commit as many sins as she could in as rapid succession as might be, before her uncle was cut off by his wife.  
“Very true, my dear, very true. Both of us did our best to persuade Matthew of the error of his ways—no one can say we did not.”
The clergyman’s mouth had been open, as though he had meant to say more, but at his wife’s interruption he pressed his lips together and fell silent, seeming to fold once more into himself. A man, Susanna thought, very well accustomed to deferring to his wife. 
“Matthew chose his course, and must be allowed to suffer the consequences,” boomed Caroline.
Susanna bit back the angry retort that rose to her lips, and then, imagining what her father’s comment would have been had he been there, smothered a laugh instead. She could recall—just dimly—what he had said of his sister-in-law on the one occasion when Caroline Ward’s name had come up. 
“Caroline? Good God—one of those busy, bustling, efficient women. Face like a bulldog and always sticking her nose into everyone’s business but her own. Told Henry at the time he’d not have a moment’s peace if he married her, and so he hasn’t, poor fellow.”
Henry Ward’s lady was, at that moment, proving the truth of these words. 
“And now, Sir Charles,” she said, drawing on her gloves, “we really must be going. I have the church accounts to see to, and Dr. Ward has his sermon to be written before Sunday.”
Sir Charles looked distressed. “Must you go so soon, Caroline? I’ve sent for a tray of food to be brought—you’ll stay and eat it with us, surely. Henry?” 
Henry opened his mouth to reply, but his wife answered for him, and he shut his mouth again almost at once. 
“Thank you, Charles, no. I never touch a luncheon, and neither does Dr. Ward. It does not agree with him. Come along, Henry.”
And with a brisk, imperative gesture at her spouse, she sailed briskly from the room, her husband trailing meekly behind in her wake. 


Chapter 7
When she had gone, Sir Charles cleared his throat uncomfortably. “Hope you won’t mind Caroline, my dear.” He turned to Susanna. “A good woman—a very good woman. None better. But a little inclined to be free with her tongue—to say more than she means. A bit … that is …” he broke off with an awkward cough. 
Susanna took pity on him. “It’s all right, Uncle—really, it is. I assure you, I’m very far from taking offense at any of my aunt’s words.” She smiled. “I don’t think my father would have minded anything my aunt Caroline said, so I don’t see that I should, either.” 
“Matthew? No—no more he would, at that.” Sir Charles chuckled reminiscently. “He always was an irreverent dog—used to make poor old Caroline hopping mad with that tongue of his.” He laughed again, then sighed. “Hardly seems possible that he can be dead and gone these three years. Still—” He brightened, and patted Susanna’s hand. “We mustn’t let ourselves grieve. He wouldn’t have wanted that, I’m sure. Come along—sit yourself down, and we’ll have some of these excellent provisions that Caroline saw fit to turn up her nose at.”
The provisions, as Sir Charles called them, were of the finest—bowls of dusky glowing peaches, smelling of warmth and sun, plates of macaroons and little cakes, frosted with colored sugar and dainty little iced flowers, and glasses of an excellent sherry and ratafia. When Sir Charles had seen Susanna bestowed in a chair near the window and served with fruit and cake both, he sat down and rubbed his hands together with a pleased gesture. 
“Well, well. My brother Matthew’s daughter, here at Rutherford. This is delightful, is it not, Sister?” He turned to Sophia, presiding as hostess over food tray and decanters of wine. “I only hope,” he added, “that things won’t be too dull for you while you’re with us, my dear. We live very quietly—very quietly indeed. And I’m afraid there aren’t even any handsome young men around these parts to tempt you into prolonging your visit.”
Susanna laughed. “Handsome young men are all very well in their place, but I assure you I’m very far from requiring their presence as a motive for staying in one place—and really, Uncle,” she added, more serious now, “I’m very happy to have come here.” 
She found she was happy, too—despite the old gardener’s warning, and her aunt Caroline’s acid tongue. After three years of being utterly on her own, there was a pleasure in sitting down in the home of her ancestors, surrounded by those family that remained to her. 
“Capital, then—capital.” Sir Charles rubbed his hands together again. “But now I come to think of it, there is one young chap we might get over here for your approval—young Lord Ravenwood, who’s rented Highnoons, the estate just across the fields from ours. A fine chap—thought handsome, too, I believe. We must see about having him over to dine with us one night soon, while Susanna is here, eh, Sophia?”
He turned to his sister. “Handsome young fellow like Ravenwood—just the thing to catch a young girl’s fancy, wouldn’t you say?” 
The question made Sophia Lovecraft’s features freeze, and there was an acid note in the sweetness of her voice as she replied. 
“As to that, I’m sure Lord Ravenwood is a very charming man, Charles. But I must say,” she added, with a hard, darting look in Susanna’s direction that belied her smiling face, “I think Lord Ravenwood rather too old to capture the interest of a young girl like Susanna here.” She gave a light, trilling laugh. “A mature man of the world? I’m sure he’s said time and again that he’s out of all patience with the usual run of silly little misses he meets in society generally.”
Susanna smothered a smile. It was plain that Sophia Lovecraft was in the market for a second husband, and had this Lord Ravenwood fixed firmly in her sights. Small wonder if she should be unwilling to welcome anything in the way of competition. Well, she need have no fear on that account—Susanna had no intention of doing anything to secure their neighbor’s affections for herself. 
Sir Charles, it seemed, was quite unaware of his sister’s matrimonial designs, for he had frowned in puzzlement at her reply. “Mature man?” he repeated. “What do you mean? Why, the fellow can’t be more than thirty, if he’s a day. No—we’ll have him over to dine with us some night soon. Matter of fact, he was supposed to dine with us this evening, but I’m afraid I’ve had word he won’t be able to make it.” 
“What?” Sophia’s voice was sharpened out of its usual softness. “I thought I understood him to have engaged definitely to be here.”
“So he did, so he did.” Sir Charles spoke regretfully. “But it seems he’s suffering from some indisposition—some illness or other—and can’t leave his bed for a day or two.”
“Indisposition?” Sophia repeated in alarm. “Nothing serious, I hope?” She paused, and a speculative look crept over her lovely features. “An indisposition. Well, I am very sure it is all the result of his having no one to take care of him—no wife to look after him. Yes, indeed. Someone must undertake to see that he takes proper care of himself, or he will be running himself into an early grave.”
Susanna raised a hand to hide another smile. Little doubt but that the “someone” her aunt referred to was Sophia herself. Poor Lord Ravenwood—she foresaw a delegation descending on the unlucky man on the morrow, led by Sophia Lovecraft and bearing calf’s-foot jelly and broth of eel and all the other fare her aunt would deem suitable for an invalid. And who was to say whether it might—or might not—gain Sophia her point in the end? 
When the meal was over and the dishes cleared away by a pair of handsomely liveried footmen, Susanna was led upstairs to the room that had been appointed to her for the length of her stay. Julia showed her to her door, but seemed disinclined to linger. Her face was sullen and reserved once more, offering little encouragement for further conversation. 
“I hope you’ll have everything you need,” she said shortly. “Dinner is at five—we keep early hours here. I’ll send one of the maids to help you change.”
And with that she departed, leaving Susanna to explore her new quarters on her own. 
The room she had been allotted was a large, old-fashioned chamber, elegant and beautiful in its way, with walls paneled in dark wood and draperies of heavy red velvet at the high, diamond-paned windows. The bed, carved of dark mahogany and surely a family possession of many generations, was likewise hung with red velvet curtains, the bed itself covered with a counterpane of cream-colored damask silk, while against one wall stood a massive writing desk of Jacobean design, carved and adorned with intricate inlays of fruit and vines.  
A collection of very fine old tapestries worked in rich greens and blues adorned the walls, depicting scenes from ancient mythology. On Susanna’s right, Paris deliberated the bestowal of a golden apple on the three famously lovely goddesses before him, while the hanging on the far wall showed a slim, golden-haired Penelope weaving patiently at her loom. The floor was carpeted with a thick, soft rug of some oriental design, and someone had floated a handful of rose petals in the basin of water left on the washstand. 
Susanna, surveying these comforts and sinking luxuriously down into the deep cushioned armchair by the fire, would have been more than human had she not taken a degree of pleasure in the room’s elegance—or contrasted her present surroundings very favorably indeed with the dreary, dimly-lit attic apartment that had been her sole preserve where she’d worked as a governess. But then her gaze fell on a framed drawing, hanging on the wall. A small picture—perhaps drawn by Sophia or Julia—done in crayons, of an elderly, hawk-nosed man in an old-fashioned powdered wig and brown velvet jacket. Sir William Ward. 
The drawing wasn’t especially well done. But whoever the artist had been had managed to capture her grandfather’s haughty expression, the hard, implacable line of his mouth. Susanna shut her eyes, remembering that day long ago when she had first met Sir William Ward, and the hurt anger in her father’s face. On impulse, she took the drawing off the wall and set it in the corner, partially out of sight. 
But then she turned back to it, looking into the old man’s crayon-drawn eyes. Whatever her grandfather had been, he’d not deserved to be murdered. 
If he really had been murdered. The thing seemed incredible. She had to keep reminding herself of the old gardener’s sincerity—his tone of utter conviction—as he spoke the accusation of murder. Now that she was here—had actually met the family—her family—the thing seemed more fantastic and unbelievable than ever. Well, she would learn as much as she could of how her grandfather had died, at any rate—and then make up her mind one way or the other as to whether Jeremy Franklin’s accusations had had any foundation in fact.
When the maid came in to help her dress, she had mapped out a plan of campaign. 
The maid, a plump girl of perhaps seventeen with a scrubbed, rosy face and a plait of corn-colored hair, dropped a quick curtsy as she entered, and looked at Susanna with nervous apprehension. 
“If you please, miss, they said I was to come along and help you change.”
Susanna smiled. “I see. And what is your name?”  
“It’s Jenny, miss.” The girl gulped. “But if you please, miss, I don’t rightly know as I’ll be much use to you, on account of not being used to the work, like.” She paused, then went on with desperate honesty, “I’m only second housemaid here—I don’t know anything of being a lady’s maid.”
Susanna laughed. “Well then, Jenny, we shall be well suited, for I’m not at all used to having a lady’s maid. Don’t trouble—I’m quite accustomed to doing for myself.” 
The girl looked relieved, and after a moment’s hesitation, ventured a shy question. “And is it really true, miss—that you’re old Sir William’s granddaughter, come back after all this time?” 
“Yes, it’s really true. My father and grandfather quarreled—but it was long ago, and best forgotten.”
Jenny nodded. “Yes, miss.” 
Susanna paused, wondering how best to introduce the topic of her grandfather’s death. “I’m only sorry not to have come in time to find my grandfather alive,” she said. 
Jenny, however, only nodded at that. “Yes, miss. Shall I see to laying out your dress?” 
Susanna sighed. She dared not be too direct in her questioning—not yet, at any rate. She would have to wait and see what further opportunities for asking questions arose. Putting the matter aside for the time being, then, she considered Jenny’s question. 
“Yes—only I don’t know what exactly I’m to wear—my wardrobe doesn’t run to very much in the way of dinner gowns.” She knelt beneath one of the trunks the footman had brought up, and quickly sorted through the folded clothing.
“Will this do, do you think?” She held up the gown, a pale ivory muslin, embroidered with clusters of flowers at hem and sleeves and with a sash of blue silk. “I’m afraid its the only one I have.”
“Oh, yes, miss—it’s lovely.”
Susanna was helped into the gown, and together she and Jenny stood back before the mirror to survey the effect. 
“Ever such a pretty dress, miss,” Jenny breathed. “You look a fair picture, you do.”
Susanna smiled, then frowned critically at her reflection in the mirror. The gown was a pretty one. It had been the cast off of one of the older daughters in her first post as governess, abandoned after its owner had left the schoolroom and been promoted to wearing evening dresses of silk. Susanna had taken it, mended its rents, fitted it to her own slighter figure, and, in her evenings off before the fire, added the delicate touches of embroidery to its simple white folds. The sash had been an indulgence—scrimped and saved for out of her quarter’s wages, and at long last purchased in a fit of reckless spending at the village shop.  
The result justified the expense and all her efforts—the dress brought out the creamy tints of Susanna’s skin and the red-gold sheen of her hair. Under strong light—or, Susanna reflected, her aunt Caroline’s careful scrutiny—it might look a little worn, a trifle threadbare about the seams, perhaps, but at any rate—Susanna shrugged her shoulders and turned away from the mirror—at any rate, it would have to do. 
She sat down at the dressing table, unloosed her hair from its knot at the nape of her neck, and began brushing out the tangled curls. 
“Such a pity, miss,” Jenny was saying. “The old gentleman dying when he did. And you here now, and him never getting the chance to see you. He’d have been right glad to have you.”
“Do you think so? I wonder,” Susanna added, half to herself. She did wonder, too. What would her grandfather—the stern, autocratic old gentleman she remembered from her childhood—have felt about having such “riff-raff” as herself occupying the best guest chamber of his house?
She put the thought aside. This, at any rate, had given her the opportunity she had been waiting for to learn what she might of how her grandfather had died. 
“My grandfather’s death must have been a very great shock to you,” she said casually.
“Oh, yes, it was, miss. Ever such a shock. A dreadful time, it were. Everything at sixes and sevens and us not knowing whether we was on our heads or our heels most of the time.”
“What was it he died of? Was it some illness, or …”
Jenny’s eyes widened. “An illness? Oh, no, miss. It were an accident. Terrible sad, it were. Why, the poor gentleman fell down the stairs and broke his neck.” 


Chapter 8
Susanna paused in her brushing, hand raised, for the moment too astonished to speak. Then, “He fell down the stairs?” she faltered. 
“Yes, miss. Dreadful, it were.”
Susanna drew a deep breath. “How did it happen?” 
“Well, miss.” Jenny’s eyes were round. “It were late at night—Sir William, he didn’t sleep well always, and so he used to get up and walk about if he was wakeful, like—we was all used to him. But this one night—it must have been two or three in the morning—we heard a great shout, and then the most terrible crash you’d ever heard. We sleeps over in the service wing, and we heard it even there. And we all came running out, and there was the poor old gentleman, lying at the foot of the stairs. He’d knocked over the suit of armor that always stood there—that was the crash we’d heard—and he was lying there, all twisted up, like, with the bits of armor scattered all around.” Jenny caught her breath, remembering. “Dreadful, it were,” she said again.
“And was it ever discovered what had happened? What had made him fall, I mean?”
“No, miss—though they thought maybe as how he’d tripped on the cord of his dressing gown, going down the stairs—easy enough to do, in the dark. But no one could say for sure—and he certainly couldn’t tell them what’d happened, poor soul. Not that he was killed outright, mind,” she added. “He weren’t dead when they picked him up. They sent out for the doctor and he lived just till morning. But he never woke up nor spoke one word.”
“I see,” Susanna said softly. “Yes, I see.” She was thinking that this was conclusive—this, then, was proof of the truth of old Jeremy Franklin’s suspicions. If she had learned that her grandfather had died a peaceful, quiet death in his own bed, she might have been willing to dismiss the gardener’s accusations as mere fancy. But two violent deaths within a month of each other—that was too much a coincidence to be believed.
“Will that be all, miss?” Jenny asked.
“Yes—yes, that will be all,” Susanna said absently. “Thank you, Jenny.”
The maid departed, and Susanna was left once more alone with her thoughts. Her grandfather had been murdered—of that she was now certain. He had been an old man—likely unsteady on his feet. What could have been easier than for one of the household—one who knew his habit of walking about the house at night—to lie in wait for him … to creep up behind him when he reached the head of the stairs … to … Susanna broke off, shivering. It was a terrible thought. And, moreover, that same someone had killed again. He—or she—whoever it was, must have somehow gotten wind of Jeremy Franklin’s suspicions and been frightened enough to risk a second murder that the first might remain undiscovered. 
Her mind flashed over the members of the household. One of them … but which? Her cousin Julia … Aunt Sophia … Sir Charles? And what about her uncle Henry and aunt Caroline? Had they been in the house that night? Or, for that matter, had there been anyone else staying? She didn’t, as yet, have answers to the questions that spun together in her mind, but she would have to find out. 
The gong sounded in the hall for dinner. With a start, Susanna hurriedly finished arranging her hair and, catching up a light shawl, ran downstairs. The rest of the party were already assembled when she reached the drawing room. Julia was there, smoldering and sullen in a black evening gown, and her mother, a dress of pearl-gray silk setting off to perfection her delicate fair coloring. Her aunt Caroline and uncle Henry had rejoined them as well—perhaps Henry had finished his sermon more quickly than expected, or the parish accounts had not been as onerous a task after all. At any rate, they were there, Aunt Caroline looking stately and massive in rustling silk and pearls and laying down the law with firm determination to Sir Charles, while her husband, deferential and slightly apologetic, hung a little behind, speaking only when called on by his wife to lend support to an argument. 
At Susanna’s entrance, Sir Charles escaped with a look of profound thanks from his sister-in-law’s clutches, and came forward to meet her, hands outstretched. 
“Susanna, my dear. How charming you look, to be sure. Nothing as pretty as a pretty woman in white, I always say. Now, come along and meet our other guest—the only one here still a stranger to you.”
The stranger referred to was seated on the sofa beside Aunt Sophia, his back to Susanna, so that it was not until he turned around to greet them that she recognized him. 
“Why, Colonel Price,” she gasped in amazement.
The colonel had risen, and now bowed low over the hand she offered. “A pleasure to meet you again, Miss Ward.” 
“And you, Colonel.” Susanna had recovered herself by this time, and she smiled. “And under rather more conventional circumstances than our last meeting. But I confess it’s a pleasure I scarcely expected. Whatever are you doing here?”
Sir Charles had been following these exchanges, a puzzled frown furrowing his broad brow. “You and my niece are already acquainted, then, Price?” He asked. “How is this?” 
“I had the honor of making your niece’s acquaintance last night at the inn,” the colonel replied, “while I was engaged in hunting for an escaping felon—you remember, Ward—I spoke of the matter to you.”
“Yes—yes, I recall.”
“Some of my men,” the colonel added dryly, “had formed the mistaken impression that the criminal might have concealed himself in your niece’s chamber.”
“In my niece’s chamber?” Sir Charles’ face was astonished, and then he laughed. “What, taken to carrying a felon or two in your bandboxes when you travel, my dear?”
Both men laughed heartily. “Did you ever hear of anything more fantastic?” 
“Never,” said Susanna truthfully. It had been fantastic, too. The stuff of romance legends and gothic novels—as far removed from ordinary life as a dream.
She paused, thinking rapidly. Here was an opportunity not to be missed—the chance to learn from Colonel Price what she could of her mysterious visitor. 
“And did you capture him, sir?” she asked, when their laughter was at an end.
“What? Oh, no.” The colonel shook his head regretfully. “Got clean away from us, I’m afraid. Still, there’s always next time. Winged the fellow with my pistol this time—I’m certain of it. Next time he won’t be so lucky. Just a few inches to the left, and …” He broke off, and, with his right hand mimed the firing of a gun.
Susanna suppressed a shiver, hoping her expression had given nothing of her feelings away. “But what exactly was the man wanted for?” she asked, and was pleased to find that her voice was perfectly steady. “You mentioned something of murder—and smuggling, I think. But I confess everything happened in such a rush I didn’t take it all in.” 
“He is wanted for smuggling—and murder, both,” the colonel confirmed. “But perhaps I’d better explain. You’ve heard of the increase in smuggling that’s occurring all along the coast here?”
Susanna nodded. 
“It’s the result of the war with France, of course. Though smuggling in this area’s been going on for centuries—right on back to the days of King Edward I, when the wool merchants got round the export duty on their wares by slipping across to the Continent from one of these small port towns, and not going through the regular channels. All harmless enough, you may say. But lately there’s been a big jump in the French goods—brandy, liquor, tea—being brought over from the Continent. Customs officials seem powerless to stop it.” He snorted in disgust. “Half of them in the pay of the smugglers themselves, I dare say, and the other half too slow to see a free-trader if he unloaded his ship under their noses. At any rate, I—my regiment and I, that is—have been sent here with orders to do what we can to put a stop to it.”
“I see—then that’s why you’re staying here?”
The colonel nodded. “Yes—been here about a month or more. My men and I have orders to work with the local customs officials—the excisemen, that is, to catch the fellows and stop the trade once and for all.” 
“Colonel Price and I were at school together,” Sir Charles put in. “Eton and Oxford both. So when he was sent into these parts, he naturally got word to me, and I invited him to stay here at Rutherford with us.”
“I see. And the man you were chasing, Colonel?” Susanna ventured.
The colonel ignored the question, however, and went on as though she had not spoken. “It’s an arrangement that works out well for all concerned. My men are billeted in the town, while I’m able to direct matters from here at the Hall. Since Sir Charles is Justice of the Peace in these parts,” he explained, “I’ve asked him to lend whatever assistance he may in apprehending those responsible for the smuggling.” 
Sir Charles nodded, and looked unhappy. Her uncle, Susanna thought, would find it no congenial task to be forced into playing the strong arm of the law in this way. “You won’t find it an easy matter,” he said. “As I’ve said before, smuggling’s a kind of tradition in these parts—bound to be, after five hundred or so odd years of it. The people here are used to it—take a kind of pride in the work. Half the villagers and farmhands hereabouts are involved in some way or another—and the other half turn a blind eye when they see anything out of the way. You’ll not find it an easy task to get anyone to inform on the others—or to catch any of them at it, for that matter.” 
“Yes, yes.” There was a touch of irritation in Colonel Price’s voice. “We’ve been over all that, Charles. I know how you feel—they’re your own people, after all, and I don’t blame you for being loyal to them. But the smuggling’s got to be stopped—not just a matter of a few free-traders making a living by cheating the import tax anymore. Where d’you think the gold the smugglers pay for their goods is ending up? In Napoleon’s coffers, that’s where.” He bristled with indignation. “British gold, funding our enemy’s war effort—feeding their troops—buying them arms and weapons to use against us. No.” He struck one hand smartly against the palm of the other. “It’s got to be stopped, I tell you.”
“Yes, of course.” Susanna struggled to keep the impatience out of her voice. “But the man—the man you were chasing last night?” Susanna ventured. “He’s one of the smugglers?”
Colonel Price laughed bitterly. “One of the smugglers? The smuggler, my dear. You remember my saying that there’d been a sharp rise in the amount of smuggled goods being brought into the country in these parts of late? Well, we’ve reason to believe that one man—this one man—is responsible.”
Susanna’s pulse quickened. Now, at last, she might learn just whom it was she had concealed at the inn. “But how …” she began. She got no further, though, for at that moment, a stately butler came in to announce that dinner was served, and she was forced to take her place with the other ladies in the procession across the hall and into the dining room. 
Some engineering on her part, however, placed her at the right-hand side of the colonel, and as soon as he had helped her from the dish of roast capons before them, she said, with studied calm, “You say that one man is responsible for the rise in smuggling, Colonel? How is that?” 
Colonel Price looked at her a moment in surprise, fork raised. “What’s that? Oh, the smuggling.” He inserted the fork into his mouth and chewed with maddening deliberation. “Nothing you need trouble yourself about, my dear. Sure to get the fellow in the end.” 
He paused, spearing another chunk of meat with his fork. “Excellent capon, this. Don’t know when I’ve had better. Must remember to send my compliments to Sir Charles’ cook—always does a fellow well. Good, solid English fare and none of this Frenchified stuff. Very good. Very good, indeed.” 
He chewed contentedly, and Susanna ground her teeth. “Yes—yes, I’m sure your men are most able,” she said, “but who is this man? And how is it he’s responsible for all the smuggling that’s been going on?” 
The colonel looked longingly at the remaining capon in the dish, and then, with an effort, turned his attention to Susanna. 
“Who is he, you say?” The colonel laughed shortly. “Wish I knew, m’dear … wish I knew. Fact is, no one seems to know who he is … not even the men who work for him. Calls himself Captain Clark. Captain Clark.” He gave another short, barking laugh. “Good name for the fellow—might be any man at all, and seems to fade away into the woodwork as soon as we’re in a position to lay our hands on him.”
“Captain Clark?” Susanna repeated, in growing excitement. “I heard that name mentioned at the inn—two old sailors were speaking in the taproom, and I’m sure I heard them say the name.”
“Very likely,” Colonel Price agreed. “He’s become something of a legend in these parts. Half the men in the town have been in his pay at one time or another—and the other half go too much in awe of him to risk crossing him. But they all speak of him.” He spoke with irritation. “Whole town’s abuzz with the news when he’s pulled off some daring exploit or other.”
“But what exactly has he done?” Susanna asked eagerly.
The colonel looked grim. “Done? Well, you remember my saying that smuggling’s what amounts to an institution in these parts. Time was when half the fishermen around would bring in a keg or two of brandy with the day’s catch, and no one any the wiser—or caring to go to any great lengths to stop them, even if they did find out about it. But lately—lately things have been different. As far as we can make out, one man—this Captain Clark—has taken charge of the petty smugglers—organized them all, if you will, into one giant ring of smuggling operations. And he’s damned successful at it, too. Amount of smuggled goods brought into the country’s increased a hundredfold.” 
“I see.” Susanna paused, wondering whether she dared risk any further questions. “And have you really no idea who he is—what his real name is?”
“None.” Colonel Price shook his head regretfully. “None at all. Even his closest lieutenants don’t know. We’ve interrogated them—even taken some of them into custody. Doesn’t do any good. They haven’t any idea who their leader is—don’t even know what he looks like. They’ve only met with him in person a few times at night, and he takes care to wear a mask.” The colonel shook his head in disgust. “All they know is a shape—a voice in the darkness. Nothing to give us any clue as to his real identity. And as for arresting the men who work for him, that’s no good either, for as fast as we can pull them in, he can recruit new ones. Times are hard, and wages in these parts aren’t so high that most townsfolk or laborers hereabouts wouldn’t be glad of the chance to earn an extra shilling or two on the sly. No—if we’re to put an end to this business, what we need is the man himself.”
“And last night?” Susanna asked. She had abandoned caution now, eager to learn all she could. “How did you come to be chasing him?”
The colonel frowned. “Last night, now. That was a queer business. We received a tip—an anonymous tip, sent by post, that our Captain Clark would be coming ashore with a load of smuggled brandy, at a certain point along the beach not far from here. Took some of my men to investigate—can’t afford to let a chance like that go by, no matter how unlikely it seems anything will come of it. Well, we found him there—he and some of his men were just unloading the boat. And we found something else.” The colonel’s voice hardened. “When we closed in to surround them, one of my men stumbled across a body—a man’s body, lying there on the beach.” 
“Jeremy Franklin,” Susanna breathed.
The colonel looked at her, surprised. “Yes—but how did you know that?” 
Susanna flushed. Too late, she remembered that she ought not to have known anything of the old gardener, or his death. “One … one of the maids happened to mention the man’s name this morning, at the inn,” she stammered. Then, hoping to distract Colonel Price’s mind, “Who was he?” 
The colonel, however, appeared to have accepted her explanation without question. “He was a worker here on the estate—one of the gardeners, I believe. His death has been a great grief to Charles—all the more, because we can see no honorable way in which he can have come by his death. All we can suppose is that this Franklin had gotten involved in Captain Clark’s gang of smugglers, and that, following some falling out, they killed him. It has upset Sir Charles very much indeed to suppose that one of his own workers can have been involved in illegal activity.” 
Susanna made no reply to that, only nodded. She, at any rate, knew of one other possible reason for the old man’s death. But how, then, did the business of smuggling fit into the matter? And why should the mysterious Captain Clark have been framed for Jeremy Franklin’s murder—for that he had been framed, she had no doubt—what she had just heard confirmed it. At any rate, she had discovered one thing—her midnight visitor’s identity. Almost certainly the man whose wound she had tended and this elusive Captain Clark were one and the same. 
“And the man—this Captain Clark. He got away from you?” she asked.
Colonel Price nodded. “Yes, he did. I thought we’d nabbed him for sure, but the fellow runs like a hare. He was away across the beach and back towards the town before we could lay hold on him. And then we lost him when he’d got within the town walls—too many alleyways and buildings for a man to hide in. But we’ll get him next time—never fear.” 
The conversation had, by this time, attracted the attention of the rest of the table, and now Julia broke in from where she was seated across the way. 
“Are you speaking of the famous Captain Clark, Colonel? Our very own Robin Hood of crime?”
Her tone was light, faintly mocking, and Colonel Price’s brows drew together. “Really, my dear, I don’t see …” 
Henry Ward, seated beside his niece, gave his thin, dry little cough. “A sadly inaccurate description, my dear Julia. For Robin Hood, so the legends tell us, stole that he might distribute wealth to the deserving poor. While this … this Captain Clark person”—his thin mouth puckered in distaste—“has as his only aim, so far as I can tell, that of enriching himself as speedily as possible.” 
“Oh, very well, Uncle Henry.”
Julia’s laugh was tolerantly amused, and Susanna saw the clergyman’s thin face flush slightly. “Scholarly inaccuracy …” he began sententiously, but Julia interrupted. 
“Very well—very well,” she said impatiently. “I withdraw the Robin Hood analogy. But you must admit he is a romantic figure—bringing off the most daring schemes, always just eluding the grasp of the law.”
She was leaning forward across the table, her eyes shining with excitement. “He’s said to be a master at disguising himself, as well. Do you know—do you know, Susanna, they say he once got past a whole regiment of the excisemen stationed on the road into town? He disguised himself as an old woman, bringing a load of hay into market. One of the men even rode in part of the way with him, for he told them he was afraid of highwaymen on the road—a poor, helpless old woman, as he was.” Julia gave a rich, throaty laugh. “One must admire his daring, if nothing else.” 
Henry Ward gave a small, controlled shudder. “You may admire his daring, Julia. I, however, must beg to protest that I do not. Sin is sin, and …” 
“Oh, don’t be such a stick-in-the-mud, Uncle Henry,” Julia interrupted. “I don’t believe smuggling is so great a sin as all that—and there’s always a pleasure in watching anything done well and boldly.”
“Really, Julia, I must protest.” Henry Ward’s thin, dry voice was indignant, and the flush on his cheeks deepened. “I must say …”
He seemed, however, doomed never to be allowed to complete a sentence. With the brisk efficiency of long practice, his wife cut him off. “Precisely what I was going to say, my dear Henry.” Her brows drew together in a portentous frown. “Really, Julia, I find this talk most unseemly—and most unsuitable for the dinner table.” 
Julia looked mutinous, and the colonel, attempting to divert an open conflict, broke in. “At any rate,” he said briskly, “I have every expectation of catching the fellow—this very night, in fact.” 
Susanna’s face must have registered her shock, for he nodded. “Yes, indeed. Some of my men chanced upon a cave along the beach at a little distance away, filled with smuggled goods. One of his hidden caches, we can only assume. And one, I think we are also safe in assuming, to which he must return to collect his wares. I have stationed a group of men around the cave—well hidden in the rocks and bushes about the entrance—to wait for him to return. And when he does”—one fist tightened in satisfaction—“we shall have caught him.” 


Chapter 9
“And now”—Caroline Ward spoke with finality—“shall we talk of something else?”
Conversation then became general, but Susanna, torn between shock, amazement, and desperate anxiety, had little attention to give to the talk that went on about her. She had at last learned who her visitor at the inn had been—the man called Captain Clark, the master smuggler who had successfully eluded all Colonel Price’s attempts to bring him to justice. Successfully eluded them so far, at any rate. There were still those men of the colonel’s waiting by a cave on the beach to seize upon anyone who attempted to move the goods within. Even now, the man known as Captain Clark might be approaching, all unawares, his almost certain capture. 
A little thrill of dread ran over her. For reasons she didn’t stop to analyze, the thought of the man walking headlong into the colonel’s trap filled her with an almost sickening apprehension and fear. If only there were something she could do—some way of warning him of the danger. But that was nonsense, of course. She could hardly get away from the dinner table without arousing suspicion—and even if she could, what could she do? She hadn’t the remotest idea of where the elusive Captain Clark might be—or how she would set about looking for him. 
There was one thing she might do, however. There was the matter of Jeremy Franklin’s death—she might do what she could towards clearing the man of that charge. A smuggler he might be, but she was sure that the man she now knew as Captain Clark had not stabbed a helpless old man in the back. No—that had been the work of another, disguising the crime to look like the work of the smuggling gang. Someone, perhaps, in this very room … someone seated now at the table with her. She shivered, and glanced around at the assembled faces. One of them likely was a murderer … but which? 
At long last, the meal was at an end, and, at a signal from Sophia, the ladies withdrew to the drawing room, leaving Sir Charles, Colonel Price, and Henry to their port. They settled themselves in chairs around the work table in the center of the room, and Sophia gave a small, elegant yawn. 
“I do hope the men will not linger long,” she said. “Things are so very dull without a man’s company, don’t you agree?”
Her daughter’s mouth tightened, and she glowered at her mother from under lowered brows. “I suppose you mean that things are dull without Lord Ravenwood here?” She bit off the words savagely. 
“Darling.” Sophia’s tone was gently reproachful. “What a thing to say. Of course I find Lord Ravenwood a very charming man. And he has made it clear”—she shot a meaning glance in Susanna’s direction—“that he is prepared to be very attentive—and admiring indeed, but …” She trailed off, lifting her slim shoulders with a satisfied little smile.
With a noise of disgust, Julia moved off to the pianoforte, plunging almost at once into the loud, stormy chords of a passionate sonata, and Susanna was left alone with her aunts, to look after her cousin with a pang of pity. There was little she could offer Julia in the way of help or comfort, though. She had, if opportunity presented itself, intended to ask a cautious question or two about her grandfather’s death, but she was not given the chance. During dinner the two ladies had been biding their time, and now, with the single-minded determination of lionesses stalking their prey, they gathered and moved in for the kill. 
Aunt Caroline began the inquisition. “And now, pray, my dear Susanna. Pray tell us how it is you come to be traveling in this part of the world. And,” she added, with emphasis, “quite alone, at that. I hadn’t the chance to ask you for particulars this afternoon.” 
Susanna stiffened. This was the moment she had been dreading. Small question of what construction Aunt Caroline would place on the facts of her story—or what her opinion would be of a niece who hired herself out as a governess. Not, of course, that she cared for her aunt’s opinion one way or the other. She had been doing honest work for honest pay—there was nothing she need be ashamed of in that. All the same, though, it was hard to be supposed a sponging poor relation—however far that might be from the truth. 
There was no help for it, though. Coolly, and with a bare minimum of detail, she outlined the events that had taken place after her father’s death, from her discovery of her father’s financial straits to her most recent employment with Mrs. Bragg. The particulars of her parting from that lady she did omit—merely saying that her term of employment had come to an end, and that she had elected to travel by stagecoach up to London to look for a new position. 
“… and I hadn’t the smallest idea of stopping at Rutherford,” she continued. “But the stage happened to pass through this village, and when I learned the Hall was so close, it seemed a pity to pass by without calling.”
“I see,” said Aunt Caroline. “Well, I hope you may have a very pleasant stay here, before,” she added, with stress on the words, “you must leave us to find a new position.”
Susanna smothered a smile. Plainly Susanna was not, if Mrs. Caroline Ward could prevent it, to be allowed to sponge a living off her wealthy relations. 
Her aunt Sophia’s reaction was more sympathetic. “You poor, poor dear.” Her high-pitched, fluting voice was very sweet, and she patted Susanna’s hand. “Only think of such a thing—a young girl like you, left alone to fend for herself in the world—and quite penniless, too.”  
There was a note of distinct satisfaction in her aunt’s voice, though, and she looked far from displeased by the news. Susanna Ward might have threatened to draw Lord Ravenwood’s affections away from herself—but a penniless governess, now, was a far less threatening rival. 
“And have you given any thought, Susanna, to what your next step will be? How you will go about looking for another position?” Aunt Caroline asked, determinedly dragging the conversation back to what she deemed the critical matter at hand.
“No, Aunt.” Some devil in the back of Susanna’s mind prompted her to add, with a bland smile, “I had thought of placing an advertisement in the London papers, if I find nothing else to suit.”
Aunt Caroline’s face was a study. Her natural inclination to see that everyone else’s lot was as disagreeable as possible warred for a moment with family pride, and her natural horror at having a niece of hers advertise for a post like a common servant. Aunt Sophia broke in before she could offer comment, though. 
With another sweet, sympathetic smile, and a quick pat to the wrist, she leant forward across the table. “Oh, my dear—you mustn’t speak of such a thing,” she said. “Only place yourself in my hands—only let me make inquiries among my friends. One of them is sure to want a governess—or know someone who does. I’m sure I could help you to a position far superior to anything you could find in an advertisement.” 
Perhaps fortunately for all concerned, they were interrupted at that moment by the entrance of the men. Cards were proposed, and a table for whist formed, though Henry refused to play. 
“I fear I feel that the play of cards—even for as small stakes as those you propose, ill-accords with my chosen vocation. No, Charles—you know my views on the subject. I make no objection to your play, but pray allow me to content myself with a book.”
“A book?” Sir Charles chuckled heartily and clapped his brother good-naturedly on the shoulder. “Yes, indeed, my dear fellow. I know how you dote on your books. No doubt you’ve brought one with you? Yes, I see you have. Very well, we’ll leave you to your dry, musty volumes in peace.”
“In my opinion, Henry,” his wife said, “You spend far too much of your time poring over books that cannot possibly do anyone any good now—time that could far better be spent in the execution of your duties about the parish.”
Henry looked cowed, but there was a mutinous spark in his eye. “An extremely rare manuscript, my dear,” he said sententiously. “A scrap of verse—a drinking song, I believe—from some Elizabethan poet. I fear the writing is sadly blurred, but I am not without hopes of deciphering it.” 
Caroline sniffed expressively. “My point exactly. The vulgar rhyming of a drunken sod from a bygone era—of what use is that to anyone?” She turned to the rest of the company. “And that’s not the worst of it—all these manuscripts, as he calls them, must needs be purchased. And our income is not so large, I assure you, that we can afford the expense. But no, he must ever be ordering books and such nonsense from somewhere or other—France, Germany, Scotland. We get parcels and posts from the most outlandish places, I assure you. And for what purpose?” 
“For the purpose of learning, my dear, and preserving our scholarly heritage. Such an effort, you know, is never wasted.” Henry had drawn his thin frame erect, and endeavored to speak firmly, and Susanna felt almost sorry for him. Pompous and all he was, he was nonetheless a rather pitiful figure, with his hunched shoulders and hollow chest, endeavoring to stand up to the awful majesty of his wife.
“A drinking song, eh?” Sir Charles cut in. “You ought to have said so—if it’s drinking songs you’re after, you ought to come down to the Bull and George of an evening,” he added helpfully. “Several of the lads there have some very fine ones—I’m sure they’d be willing to teach you, if you asked.”
Henry drew himself up. “That, my dear Charles,” he said in frosty tones, “is hardly the sort of thing to interest the scholarly mind.” 
“But I thought you said you wanted drinking songs,” Sir Charles protested in honest bewilderment. “Oh, very well.” His voice was tolerant. “We’ll leave you to your manuscript—whatever it may be. Now, who’s for cards?”
Henry, wrapped once more in an austere mantle of scholarly ecstasy, retired to a corner, tenderly nursing the roll of crumbling vellum he had retrieved from the table. The rest of them sat down to play. Sir Charles was a reckless, enthusiastic player, demanding a rapid play and exchange, and play went on swift and uninterrupted until the arrival of the butler, grandly bearing a silver urn and followed behind by a procession of footmen, proclaimed it time for tea. 
Sophia, in her role as hostess, seated herself at the tea table and began to pour and dispense slices of plum cake, macaroons, and buttered muffin from the trays the footmen had brought. 
When all had been served and were once more seated about the room, a footman entered and approached Colonel Price. 
“A young man to see you, sir. One of your officers. Gives his name as Saunderson.”
The colonel, who for some time now had been showing signs of restlessness and casting frequent glances at the clock on the mantle, brightened. 
“Good—good. Show him in.” He rubbed his hands together. “This is what we’ve been waiting for, I fancy—I’ve every hope young Saunderson’s come to tell me they’ve apprehended Captain Clark.”
At the mention of Saunderson, Susanna had started to attention, and now felt herself growing cold with fear, her muscles tightening in apprehension. Did the young soldier indeed bring word of Captain Clark’s capture? 
Saunderson’s face, when he entered the room, made her heart sink within her. His was not the expression of a man who comes to report failure—indeed, he looked remarkably well satisfied, his pink, cheerful countenance wreathed in smiles, his bearing confident and erect. He came forward to make his salute to the colonel and then stood at attention before him, awaiting questioning. 
“Well, Saunderson?” the colonel asked impatiently. “What news?”
“We’ve moved the goods, sir, just as you said.” The words were spoken with such happy self-assurance, such confidence of their being met with approval, that it took a moment for the colonel to take in their import.
“Moved the goods?” He repeated blankly. “Moved what goods?”
“Why, the goods in the cave, sir.” Saunderson looked puzzled, but by no means less pleased with himself. “We’ve got ’em all loaded onto the carts and driven away, just as you said.”
“Just as I said,” the colonel repeated in a tone of dangerous calm. A faint flush of red was creeping up his neck and into his face.
At that point, it seemed to strike Saunderson for the first time that something was amiss, for a note of uncertainty crept into his voice. “Yes, sir. All according to your orders.” 
“According to my—look here, what is all this? What are you blathering about, man?” He eyed Saunderson suspiciously. “You’re not drunk, are you?” he asked abruptly.
Saunderson looked alarmed. “No—no, sir,” he stammered. 
“No—you don’t look drunk,” the colonel agreed. “Very well, then. What’s all this about loading the goods onto a cart?”
“All loaded up and driven away. Just as you said, sir.” There was a faintly plaintive note in the young man’s voice.
The colonel drew a deep breath. “So I had already gathered,” he said through clenched teeth. “Now, Saunderson.” He breathed heavily through his nose, but his voice was once more dangerously calm. “Suppose you tell me, from the beginning, just what you’ve been doing tonight.” 
“Yes, sir.” Saunderson had begun to look really alarmed by this point, and he passed a finger round the rim of his collar and swallowed hard before beginning.
“Well, sir, we were guarding the cave, just as you said, waiting for the smugglers to come back for them, and then you rode up yourself, sir. And you said we were to load all the brandy and whatnot onto a couple of carts to be driven away and used as evidence.”
“And I suppose.” The colonel’s voice was still rigidly controlled. “And I suppose I brought the carts along with me?”
Saunderson looked faintly confused. “Yes, sir. The carts, and a couple of men to help us. New chaps, they were—never seen them before. They said as how they had orders to drive the carts away for you. So we got down to loading up the brandy and such, and then you rode away, sir, and you said as how I was to come along and report to you when we’d got the job done? Wasn’t that right, sir?” He finished anxiously. 
This was too much. “Right?” The colonel’s voice cracked. “Right? You blasted young nincompoop—that wasn’t me that gave those orders—it was that damned Captain Clark. He’s not only stolen the goods right out from under our noses—he’s gotten my own men to help him with the job.” 


Chapter 10
The evening ended soon after that. Saunderson was dispatched with orders to comb the coastline and town for any sign of the carts or the stolen goods. 
“Look everywhere—search every house in the town. I want those goods found and Captain Clark arrested.”
“Yes, sir.”
The colonel stuck one balled fist into his palm. “I want him arrested, do you hear? I’ll put a stop to the fellow’s damned audacity yet—I’ll see him swing at the end of a hangman’s rope before I’m through.” 
“Yes, sir.”
The luckless Saunderson departed once more into the night, and the party were left to say their goodnights and disperse to their bedrooms upstairs. Susanna took her candle from the footman stationed at the bottom of the stairs, and made her way to her own chamber, deep in thought. 
When she reached her room, she found Jenny, yawning over her sewing in a chair by the bed, her eyes heavy with sleep. 
“Jenny—you ought not to have waited up for me. I can perfectly look after myself.”
“Mrs. Wright—her’s housekeeper here—said as how I was always to wait up for you so’s I could help you on with your night things, miss,” Jenny explained. “She said as how it was only proper for a lady’s maid to do.”
“Well, thank you, Jenny.” Susanna smiled. “But you mustn’t spoil me too much—I’ve got to go back to earning my own living when my visit here’s over, you know—and there won’t be anyone there to help me undress.”
“Earning your own living, miss?” Jenny’s eyes were round.
“Yes—I’m a governess. I haven’t any position just now, but of course I’ll be getting another post once I leave here.”
Susanna wondered, as she spoke the words, why the thought of resuming her everyday, humdrum life now seemed so inexpressibly dreary—so very much more distasteful even than it had done only yesterday. And for some reason, the thought brought her adventure of the night before—and the man Captain Clark—into her mind. 
“Jenny,” she asked suddenly, “have you heard anything of the smuggling that goes on in these parts? Of a man who calls himself Captain Clark?”
“Oh, yes, miss.” Jenny’s eyes widened once more with excitement. “Everyone in these parts has heard of Captain Clark—the stories they tell of him. They say he’s not hardly human, miss—can fly about in the night like a spirit—or a goblin.” Jenny’s tone made it plain she was far from disapproving the exploits of a dashing adventurer, however on the wrong side of the law they might be.
“I see.” Susanna hesitated, considering. She was recalling what the colonel had said—that half the population in these parts were involved in smuggling in some way or another, and the other half turned a blind eye to the indiscretions of the former. Colonel Price might have no idea where to look for Captain Clark and his men—but she would be willing to wager that the common villagers—those like Jenny—knew more of the master smuggler and his gang than they were willing to admit to the minions of the law.
“And have you any idea,” she asked finally, “have you ever heard—where he conducts his operations from? He must have a base of some sort.”
“A base, miss?” Jenny’s face was suddenly wary. “I don’t know about that, miss.”
“I don’t want to give him away to the colonel,” Susanna said quickly. “I’ve a reason—a reason quite of my own—for wanting to know where to find him.”
Jenny hesitated, still dubious, her eyes searching. “A reason, miss?” Susanna nodded. 
Jenny debated a moment longer, then seemed to make up her mind. “There’s them as say he’s got tunnels, running from places all over town to the beach,” she said finally. “All left over from the old days, and hidden away where you’d never think of looking.” 
And with that she departed, leaving Susanna alone to take stock of what she had learned. She had, with Jenny’s help, changed into her nightdress, and now she opened the casement window and seated herself on the cushioned ledge, drawing her feet up under the hem of her skirt and locking her arms about her knees.  
A mild breath of summer breeze blew in, ruffling her hair and carrying with it the scent of flowers from the garden below. She stared out into the night, across the rolling expanse of the Rutherford lawns, silvered in the moonlight.  
Somewhere, barely a mile away, Saunderson and his men were scouring the town for the missing brandy and the men who had purloined it—for all she knew, they might even now be closing in on their quarry—or, worse yet, have already apprehended him. A little chill slid down her spine—if only there were some way of getting to Captain Clark—of alerting him to the house-to-house search. 
Tunnels all around the town—left over from the old days. She considered this bit of information. She didn’t see that it helped her much—the tunnels Jenny had spoken of might be anywhere. She frowned. Then, all at once, her brow cleared, and she sprang up. She had remembered the words of the maid at the inn—and one other, curious little incident from her stay there that stood out in her memory. Colonel Price might have, as yet, no idea where to look for Captain Clark—but she did. 
Swiftly, then, she dressed herself once more—not in the light gown she had worn at dinner, but in a dark, sensible dress of plain blue muslin—and laced on a pair of sturdy walking boots with trembling fingers. That done, she had only to slip her traveling cloak about her shoulders, and she was ready, slipping noiselessly out of her room and down the darkened hall, now lit only here and there by candles in the brass sconces on the walls. 
The rest of the household had retired to bed, it seemed. Still, they might not be asleep yet. Cautiously, then, and with as little noise as she could, Susanna made her way downstairs. The servants were still up—she could hear them in the drawing room, clearing away the supper dishes and straightening the room. Luck was with her, though—no one heard her descent, and no one appeared in the hall to block or challenge her exit. In another moment, then, she had slipped out the front door and was standing in the balmy, perfume-laden air of the summer night. 
The gates of the Rutherford estate stood barely a mile distant from the edge of the town, and the road, well baked by the days of hot summer sun, was dry and easily traversed. There was a moon as well—not a full moon, but enough to cast a pale light over the landscape below, and allow Susanna to see her way without difficulty. In what seemed like a very short time, then, she had passed the fields and hedgerows of the outlying farms and was coming upon the first straggling houses of the town. 
She met no one on her way—the streets were all but deserted, save for a few slightly drunken sailors, reeling their way towards their beds, and she drew back into a darkened doorway at their approach to let them pass by, unseeing. Once or twice she lost her way in the dark, narrow cobbled alleyways and streets, for her visit on the day before had been brief, and the landmarks she remembered were strange and altered in the dark of night. Eventually, though, she found the street she had been aiming for, and spied, in the distance, the gaudily painted wooden sign of the Bull and George. She had reached her goal. 
The inn, too, was in darkness. Had Susanna’s suspicions not already been aroused, she would have wondered at a landlord who shut up shop at this early hour of the night and denied himself the custom of evening visitors. As it was, she was merely thankful to find no one about, and, without further ado, made her way quickly to the door before hesitating a moment on the threshold, listening for any sign of life inside. All was quiet. She glanced nervously up and down the street, but all was deserted here, as well—no one to see what she meant to do. 
Heart pounding, she tried the door of the inn, pressing gently on the woodwork. It didn’t budge. She pressed harder. Still, not the slightest movement in the solid wood under her hands. Of course—the landlord wouldn’t leave his inn open for anyone to walk in off the street—tonight of all nights. The door must be locked and bolted. Susanna cursed herself for not having thought of that and stepped back, wondering what on earth she was to do. She could hardly break a window and climb through—the noise would alert anyone within to her arrival, and surely there must yet be someone about the place—the innkeeper’s family, or servants who slept at the top of the house, perhaps. 
There was nothing for it but to see if she could find another entrance—perhaps she might have better luck at the back of the building. There was a dark, narrow alley that ran along one side of the inn, flanked on the other side by a blacksmith’s shop, and Susanna slipped into the yawning black mouth of its entrance, wishing she dared light the candle she had brought with her. The high buildings on either side cast deep, black shadows, stopping the moon’s rays from reaching the alley between, so that the space she now found herself in was almost palpably dark. She stretched out a hand for guidance, and felt the rough stones of the building wall. She had only to keep one hand thus, and make her way along the hundred feet or so to the back of the inn. 
She drew a deep breath and took a cautious step. Something squashed and slid beneath the sole of her boot, making her jump back, heart thudding. The alleyway was not kept as clean as the streets—and heaven knew they were none too scrupulously tended themselves. Susanna drew another deep breath, and nearly choked. A noisome smell of filth and decay reached her nostrils. Perhaps the darkness was as well—she would rather not know what it was she had just stepped in. There was no help for it, though. Holding her breath, she plunged forward into the darkness. 
When she emerged from the alleyway, she found herself in the stable yard of the inn, bathed in moonlight as bright as day after the black of the alley. The stables, shuttered and bolted for the night, were ranged against one wall, and Susanna slipped quickly by, scarcely daring to breathe for fear she should waken the stable boys and groomsmen who no doubt slept within. A cartload of hay stood in one corner of the yard, while from a hen house against the opposite wall came the sleeping rustlings and cooings of the birds inside. A door to her right led from the courtyard into what she supposed was the inn’s kitchen, and this Susanna made for, picking her way as silently as she could across the straw-covered cobblestone floor below. 
She gained the door and, heart beating painfully against her ribs, tried the knob, scarcely daring to hope. She was in luck—the knob turned easily under her fingers, and in another moment she was inside, pausing to draw breath and listen, ears straining, for signs of alarm or discovery. There were none. The place was utterly silent, save for the faint creakings and settlings of old boards and timbers. 
She had judged rightly—she was in the kitchen of the inn. A gleam of moonlight slanting in through the glass showed her a hanging row of copper pots ranged along the wall to her left, while to her right yawned the great, old-fashioned fireplace, now cold and dark, its roasting spit stilled for the night. Taking care to move quietly, Susanna made her way through the door at the far wall, and into the hallway beyond. 
Here, too, all was silent and dark, with no window to offer the slightest ray of light to ease the black cover of night. She would have to risk the candle she had brought—she would never find the place she sought otherwise. With trembling fingers, she lit the wick, then blinked at the sudden flare of glowing flame. Even by candlelight, it cost her some minutes to find the room she was looking for. The first room she tried proved a kind of storeroom, filled with barrels of flour and sacks of grain, while the second door she opened gained her entrance into a pantry, its ceiling hung with hams and rustling bunches of onions, its shelves ranged with glass jars and earthenware pots of preserves. 
Her third attempt was lucky, however. The knob turned with a click, and, letting out a sigh of relief, she stepped through into the little paneled office chamber she had chanced to visit only that morning. Susanna closed the door softly behind her, then leaned for a moment back against the wooden panel to catch her breath and steady the frantic beating of her heart. She had made it—she was here. She crossed swiftly to the desk, and fixed her candle into the brass holder provided, then moved to the mantle and ran her fingers over the wood. There was no longer any betraying dark line—no sign of the crack her eye had detected that morning. There must be a mechanism—some trigger or other—that opened the hidden panel. She began to run her hands experimentally over the columns and carvings of the fireplace, pushing here, tugging at a carved leaf there. She would simply have to look for it, that was all. 
An hour later she was still looking. Her forehead was sticky with perspiration, the hands that tugged with increasing desperation at the swags and carvings slick. She felt a rising wave of mingled frustration and something near panic. It was no use. A hidden mechanism there might be, but it appeared likely to remain hidden—to her, at least. She could see no hope of unlocking the wall’s secret. 
With a sigh, she stepped back, and raised a hand to ease the ache in her tautened muscles. What ought she to do? Should she give up—simply return to Rutherford Hall? That would, perhaps, be wisest. She could slip back into the house and be in her bed before anyone realized her absence. She might … 
“Who’s there?”
The voice, unnaturally loud and shrill after the long hours of utter stillness, made her jump and her heart leap and almost, it felt, freeze within her chest. She spun round, expecting to find the speaker at her elbow, herself discovered and a prisoner. 
“Who’s there?”
The voice sounded again, and Susanna drew a long breath. The speaker was not, as she had first supposed, in the room with her, but some distance away—in some upper room of the inn, perhaps. Not as bad as it might have been, but still, though, bad enough. Susanna uttered a muffled curse under her breath. She must unwittingly have aroused the lady of the house—the innkeeper’s wife.  
Her imagination fitted out an appearance to match the voice she had heard—a thin, wiry frame, a sharp face with a hatchet of a nose and straggling gray hair. No doubt she would have a pair of hard, shrewd little eyes, too—such women always did. And what she, Susanna, was going to say when those eyes fastened on her and very justly demanded to know what she was doing breaking and entering a private establishment at one o’clock in the morning was more than Susanna knew. 
Frantically, she looked around for a means of escape. The window was high in the wall, and, at any rate, too small to pass through. That left only the door. Was there time to be out of the room and run back through the kitchen before someone came downstairs to investigate? 
“I tell you, I know I heard something.” The voice, sounding a little nearer now, answered that question and put an end to all hope of escape by that route. She must be standing at the head of the stairs by this time—well in a position to see Susanna if she attempted to run.
A second voice, also female, but lower, so that Susanna caught only the quick, anxious tone of the words, sounded. One of the maids, probably—begging her mistress to take care. 
“I know what I heard, and I intend to go down there and see what’s going on.” The strident tones rang out through the old rooms of the inn, and Susanna’s straining ear caught the sound of a heavy footstep on the stair. This was the end, then—discovery was only a few, short moments away.
Purely by instinct, with the terror of all hunted things, Susanna pressed herself back against the wall, as though she might somehow conceal herself in its dark panels. The next moment, there was a click, a panel of the mantle opposite swung forward, and she was staring straight into the dark opening of a secret doorway. 
For a moment, Susanna remained paralyzed where she was, too dumbfounded to move. The sound of another step on the stair jerked her out of her amazement, though, and galvanized her into action. In a single step, she had crossed the room and plunged into the doorway. Then, just as swiftly, she jumped back again. The candle—she mustn’t forget that—it would betray the presence of an intruder at once. She snatched up candle and holder both, and, in one quick motion, slipped into the hidden chamber and slid the panel closed behind her, just as the click of the latch from the doorway proclaimed the presence of the innkeeper’s wife without. 
One ear pressed against the inside paneling, Susanna listened, breathless, to the sounds of the outer door opening, and the woman’s little grunt of surprise at finding the room empty. There was a moment’s silence, and Susanna imagined the woman looking from one end of the room to the other, perhaps shaking her head in puzzlement. Did she know the trick of the paneling? And, more importantly, would she think to look there for an intruder? 
“Is there anyone there, Ma’am?” The maid must have followed her mistress downstairs, for her voice was louder now, the words clearly audible.
“No—not a soul.” A pause, and then, “Reckon I must have been mistaken. Funny what tricks your nerves get up to of a night.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
There was another pause, and then, as sweet as music to Susanna’s ears, came the sounds of retreating footsteps, the door closing, and at last, the sound of two people ascending the stairs. She was safe for the present—they had gone. Susanna leaned back against the panel behind her, limp with relief, and wiped the sweat from her face with a trembling hand. 
She waited, breath bated, listening for further sounds of life from the room without, but there were none. Only then did she turn to examine the room she’d taken refuge in, and saw, by the flickering light of her candle, that it was not, after all, a hidden room, but the top of a staircase, built of rough wooden planks, that descended away at the back of the space into blackness below. Susanna was exultant—her guess had proved correct. Scarcely pausing for thought, she picked up her skirts in one hand, and, holding her candle aloft in the other, began to descend. 
When she reached the foot of the staircase she found herself in a long, low-ceilinged tunnel with walls cut out of limestone rock. The air here was chill and damp, with a faint, unmistakable smell of the sea, and the walls were slick and glistening in the flickering light of her candle.  
A curve in the tunnel up ahead hid its end from her sight, but Susanna had no doubt as to what she had found—this must be one of the old smugglers’ tunnels that Jenny had spoken of, leading from the town out onto the beach. She held her candle out in front and began to walk, keeping one hand on the rock-cut wall to steady her steps on the slippery, uneven surface of the floor below. 
Her footsteps echoed hollowly against the walls, and she had gone perhaps a quarter of a mile, she judged, when she paused to rest and draw breath. The air here was perceptibly damper, the smell of the sea more pronounced. And somewhere, from far up ahead, she could make out the distant, steady beat of waves lapping against the shore. She must be nearing the tunnel’s end. A few feet more, and a gust of air ruffled her hair and blew out her candle, leaving her in darkness. No matter, though. A faint square of gray light appeared in the blackness up ahead—the mouth of the tunnel. She was nearly there. 
As silently as she could, she crept forward until she had covered the remaining distance to the tunnel’s opening, and peered cautiously out. A screen of bushes concealed the tunnel’s mouth, but through their scraggy branches she could make out the rocky sands of the beach. Beyond lay the vast expanse of ocean, silver and gleaming in the moonlight. And— 
Involuntarily, she drew in her breath with a little gasp. Away at the far end of the beach, some hundred yards from where she stood, were a group of men, visible only as dark shadows against the beach, backs bowed, shoulders heaving, as they lifted what looked like crates one by one onto a waiting cart. And, off to one side, another dim form—one that moved on four legs, instead of two, like the rest. A dog—a great, hulking, shaggy-coated dog, that moved with a gait that was somehow familiar. 
The recollection remained just out of reach, and with a little impatient shrug she turned her attention back to the laboring men. The smugglers—this, then, was what she had come to find. But would their leader be there as well? And how would she approach him if he were? Up until now, Susanna had not paused to consider the question. Acting impulsively, borne only by fear for his safety, she had not stopped to think how she might convey her warning to him. Now she did stop, and acknowledged that it posed something of a problem. She could hardly just stroll up to the band of men working across the way and demand to speak to their leader. Nor could she think of any way of attracting Captain Clark’s attention—always providing he was indeed there. 
She might at least see if she could ascertain that much. With a cautious hand, she parted the screening bushes and slipped past onto the beach. To her left the ground sloped away into the sea, while to the right rose up a set of high, rocky cliffs, majestic and faintly menacing against the night sky. Their height cast blessedly dark shadows, though, and moving as quickly as she dared, she crept forward, keeping well to the darkest edge of the beach and ducking behind the jumbled heaps of rock and boulders that littered the foot of the cliffs.  
She stopped to crouch behind a final boulder, heart pounding. She was closer now—close enough to make out the figures of the men more clearly. They were dressed in dark, close-fitting garments, caps pulled down low over their faces, and they worked in near silence, bending and heaving the crates along from one man to the next, the only sound an occasional grunt or exhalation of breath. 
She couldn’t make out any of their faces, though. Susanna strained forward, struggling to make out details, but could see only indistinct blurs of pallor against the darkness. She would have to risk going closer. She had drawn a deep breath, and was gathering her courage to move forward, when all at once she felt herself seized from behind in a grip like iron, and a voice, low and harsh, spoke in her ear. 
“One word—one scream, and I’ll cut your throat.”


Chapter 11
The chill, hard blade of a knife, pressed painfully against her neck, made Susanna certain that the threat was no idle one. With an instinct borne of sheer terror, she went suddenly limp, allowing her limbs to go slack and herself to fall back heavily against her captor. It gave her the chance she needed. She heard him give a grunt of surprise, and felt his hold on her loosen momentarily. In that instant, she took her chance, kicking, lashing out with fists and feet at once, clawing, scratching, struggling to get free. 
It was no use, though. After the first moment of shock, the man’s grip on her had tightened once more, and she found herself easily overpowered, her arms pinned helplessly behind her as she was whirled to face her attacker. He was a big, burly man, with massive shoulders and a square, leonine head of dark matted hair. His face was hard and bitten, with an ugly scar that ran from temple to jaw, puckering the skin and drawing the corner of his mouth down in a leer.  
He had also, she noted with satisfaction, a long, reddening scratch across one cheek—the mark of her nails—and now, keeping one hand firmly around both her wrists, he raised the other to his cheek to wipe away the blood and eyed her resentfully. 
“By God—I’ve a mind to cut your throat after all.” The words were spoken in a low, fierce growl, and in spite of herself, Susanna shivered, though she forced herself to meet his gaze unflinchingly.
Before he could make a move one way or the other, though, they were interrupted by a voice—a voice Susanna knew—coming soft but carrying at them across the beach. 
“What is it, Barrow?”
The man turned his head at the address. “A girl—caught her spying,” he called back briefly. He raised his hand again to his wounded cheek. “Girl—hellcat, more like,” he muttered. 
“A girl?” A man’s form came striding up at them out of the dark. He was dressed tonight in an army officer’s red coat and breeches, and the harlequin’s mask, a close-fitting strip of black satin, was in place this time, concealing the upper half of his face and leaving only his mouth and chin visible.
All the same, Susanna knew him at once, even in this darkness. 
“A girl?” He repeated. His voice was taut with irritation. “Good God in Heaven preserve us. As if I’ve not had trouble enough tonight without having a damned girl foisted on me.”
He had bent to peer into her face, and now, as a shaft of moonlight slanted through the covering cloud, he recognized her, and fell back a pace. “Good God,” he said again. 
Susanna wasn’t frightened any longer—only angry. “Foisted on you? I assure you you needn’t have been troubled with me at all if this”—she laid heavy stress on the word—“gentleman hadn’t interfered.” 
Susanna saw the corner of his mouth twitch. “Yes, I’m sure that’s true,” he said. 
Barrow had been growing restive, and now shifted his grip on Susanna, tightening his arm painfully about her ribs. 
“What’d you reckon I should do with her?”
The man considered briefly. Then, “Leave her to me. I’ll deal with her.”  
“She’s seen too much to let her go,” Barrow insisted.
“I said, leave her to me,” the man cut in, his tone curt, clipped. “I’ll take care of her. You go on with getting the goods loaded up here.”
“But where will you be going? When’ll you be back?”
The wind had risen, so that the man raised his voice to shout above the high, whistling wail and the crash of the surf.  
“I’ll be back when I’m back.” His voice was impatient. “Hand her over to me. You can manage here for a time alone, can’t you—now go along and see that the men are working. I need that shipment moved within the hour.” Barrow gave a muttered curse and a grumble of disapproval, but he obeyed, releasing Susanna and moving away off along the beach.
Susanna’s arm was seized in a firm grasp, and she felt the captain’s presence behind her. His breath warmed the nape of her neck. Suddenly to Susanna came the strangely powerful urge to melt into his arms, together with the wonderful feeling of strength that had seemed to rise up within her during their first encounter. 
“I’m going to trust you not to run away or scream out.” His voice was cool, his tone pleasant. “You wouldn’t get far away, you know, before we caught you, and I’m sure you’d find a gag very unpleasant.”
“I’m sure I should.” Once again, she felt as though her impulses would direct her, and that their direction would be true.
He strode with long, quick steps across the shingle of the beach. She followed without a word, and without a moment’s hesitation. 
Susanna struggled to keep up with the pace he set. Soon they reached a slight hollow in the rock, sheltered from the wind by a cluster of shrubs. He halted abruptly and let out a low whistle.  
Instantly, there came the soft whinny of a horse in response, and in another moment a soft, velvety muzzle was thrust at them out of the darkness. 
“Good fellow.” The man stroked the great head affectionately. Then, to Susanna, “Climb on.”
He offered her his hands as a foothold, and Susanna complied, hoisting herself nimbly into the saddle, and her companion swung himself on behind, putting both arms about her waist to grasp the reins and steady the great animal. 
“I must ask you to be absolutely silent.” His voice, still low and calm, was barely audible over the crashing of the surf against the rocks. “The cliffs are crawling with excisemen tonight. And it would be,” he added dryly, “rather awkward—for both of us—if we were caught.”
Susanna only nodded in reply, and, taking up the reins, he dug in his heels and urged the horse forward, through a screen of bushes and up a narrow, rocky path that wound its way precipitously up the side of the cliff. 
They gained the road that ran along the cliff’s edge, and there he paused, intent, every muscle tense, listening for any sound or movement, before setting off at a slow, steady pace, keeping to the shadows cast by the overhanging trees at the edge of the path. 
The night was so still that the shout, when it came, ripped through the air with the force of an explosion, almost making Susanna lose her balance in the saddle. 
“There he is—I see him.”
The man behind Susanna gave a muffled curse, and, in one swift, fluid motion, had turned the horse away from the sound of the shout, and they were galloping headlong down the road, the horse’s hooves pounding hard against the earth track below, jarring her very bones painfully with every leap he made. 
“After him!”
From behind came the muffled sounds of pursuit. Of hoof beats, and the confused shouts of men. 
“Damn it—we’ll have to try and shake them off in the woods.” Another muffled curse from her companion, and, with a quick jerk of the reins, they had left the road to plunge into the forest, crashing through the underbrush and winding this way and that between the trees.
The sharp crack of a shot from somewhere behind rang out, but Susanna, clutching the pommel with all her strength and ducking to avoid the long talons of branches that tore at her hair and clothes as they passed, was somehow not frightened. She was conscious of a queer, inexplicable exhilaration, plunging headlong like this through the night, the wind in her face, the horse’s great, powerful body galloping beneath her. 
When they reached a small clearing in the woods, the captain reined in the horse abruptly and halted. 
“We’ll leave the horse now—have to depend on him to lead them away.”
He slid from the saddle, pulling her down with him, and, with a sharp slap on the horse’s rump, sent him plunging once again into the forest. 
“They’ll think we’re still riding, and keep following him—I hope,” he added, through clenched teeth.
“What will happen to the horse? They won’t hurt him, will they?”
“When they find him without a rider, they’ll just let him go. As for what will happen to him—he knows these woods as well as any man. He’ll find his way back to us, given time. Now … get down!”
Abruptly, he dragged her to the ground behind a fallen log at the edge of the clearing, pressing her down against the cool wet leaves. 
His ears had been quicker than hers, but now she caught the sounds he had—the faint, but unmistakable stirring of branches in the distance, the dull, steady beat of horses’ hooves on the earthen floor.  
“Fan out, men—he can’t have gotten far.” The voice, unnaturally loud and sounding as though the speaker were practically at her elbow, made Susanna start convulsively, and brought a warning pressure from the arm across her shoulders. She needed no warning, though. Scarcely daring to breathe, she lay where he had pushed her, her face tingling with the damp roughness of the bracken, expecting at every moment to be discovered and seized.
She heard the hoof-beats approach, heard them pause as the rider halted to listen, and then, “I hear him—he’s making for the west. Come on, men—after him.” 
And then the sounds of spurs being dug in, and they were off once more, galloping away through the night, the beating hooves making the ground beneath her tremble and quake. 
When the noises had faded away into the distance, her companion lifted his arm from her shoulders and sat up, allowing her to straighten as well. 
“I think we’ve lost them—for the present, at any rate.” He spoke softly, so that she had to strain to catch the words. He leaned back against the log, and Susanna heard him draw in his breath sharply and give a grunt, as of pain.
“I suppose you’ve opened the wound in your shoulder again,” she said resignedly.
It was too dark to make out his features, but she thought he started at that. “You recognized, me, then, did you?” He paused. “Well, never mind that now. We’d best be off—we can’t risk staying here. They might return anytime.” 
“Where will we go?”
He was silent a moment, considering. Then: “There’s a cave along the beach—a spot not far from here. If we can make it back there without being seen, we ought to be able to hole up there until the danger’s passed.” 
He got to his feet, and then Susanna felt, rather than saw, the stiffening in his muscles at the sudden rustling in the bushes a little distance off. 
He was motionless a moment, muscles taut, poised for flight, and then he relaxed. “No—false alarm,” he whispered. “Just some animal or other.” He paused then added, “You’re causing me a hell of a lot of bother, you know. What in God’s name possessed you to come this way tonight?” 
“I might point out,” Susanna hissed back, “that it’s hardly my fault you’ve a swarm of excisemen searching for you. If you’ve such an objection to being chased by them, I must say I think you’ve chosen the wrong profession. Besides, you were under no obligation to have anything to do with me whatever. You could have simply turned around and walked away.”
“And left you to Barrow’s tender mercies? I assure you, you wouldn’t have enjoyed it. A good chap, Barrow, but not over-fond of the women. And now, if I may make so bold as to repeat my question, what in the name of all that is holy were you doing, coming onto the beach that way.”
“I came to warn you that the excisemen would be searching for you.”
The absurdity of this response seemed to strike both of them at once, for all at once they were laughing, gasping and shaking with mirth as they struggled to stay silent. 
He was the first to recover himself. “Very well—you may consider me thoroughly warned. I’m very much obliged to you. His dark eyes flashed with amusement. And now”—he extended a hand to pull her to her feet—“now we’d really best be off.” 
With him leading, they made their way back through the trees to the road, and so to the winding path that led down to the beach. Once along the way they saw a group of mounted soldiers in the distance, and had to draw back behind a boulder for cover, but the soldiers turned and passed on, and they were left to continue their cautious way unmolested.  
The moon had gone behind a screen of clouds, and it was so dark that Susanna could scarcely see her hand in front of her face, much less the ground beneath her, and she marveled that her companion seemed to know his way. Know his way he did, though. With surefooted steps, he led the way along the path, keeping one strong hand linked to hers to guide her steps along the rough, pebble-strewn track.  
At long last they reached the beach, and he led the way to a spot—no different, so far as Susanna could see, from any other spot, though he seemed to recognize it at once—along the base of the cliff where a clump of shrubbery grew in a tangled mass of thorns and branches. 
“This is the place.” He pushed the bushes aside, revealing the opening of a cave, visible only as a square of deeper black against the black of the cliff. “After you.”


Chapter 12
The opening was low, so that Susanna had to crawl her way inside, but the space opened within so that she was able to stand erect. The darkness here was absolute, though—she could discern nothing of the room in which she stood. Not knowing what she might find—or stumble over—if she continued, she halted just inside the entrance and waited for her companion to follow. 
“Just a moment.” His voice echoed weirdly in the cavernous darkness. “I’ve a lantern here somewhere. Wait a minute while I cover the entrance and then get it lighted.”
There was the sound of flint striking, and then a flare of light, so bright that for a moment Susanna blinked, blinded and dazzled. 
The cave was not large, some ten feet square, perhaps, with a high, domed ceiling and a floor strewn with boulders. The tide must not reach this far up the beach, for its walls were dry and barren of seaweed, though the pervasive salt smell of the sea lingered over everything. It was quite bare, its only furnishings being a couple of rough wooden crates in the center, and on one of these he set the lamp, then lifted his hands to fumble with the mask at his face. 
“It appears,” he said, “that I may dispense with this, since I have been recognized.”
“A harlequin’s mask is hardly much of a disguise, at any rate.”
The mask fell away, revealing the lean, dark features she remembered, and the corners of his long mouth curved upwards a moment in a brief smile, while the dark eyes, faintly mocking, studied her face. 
“You are thinking,” he said at last, “the whole business of the mask melodramatic, and rather silly. And you’re quite right. So it is. But you’d be amazed at how far it goes in the way of impressing the locals. Never underestimate the effect of mystery and sensation.” He held the strip of satin up a moment and looked at it, considering, before setting it down beside the lamp on the wooden crate.
“I’ve been in business only a few short months,” he went on conversationally, “and already I pride myself that I’ve become something of a legend in these parts.”
Susanna had seated herself on one of the boulders and had been picking dead leaves from her hair and endeavoring, without much success, to wipe the worst of the dirt from her face, and now she gave up with a sigh and looked up at him intently. 
“Then I was right—you really are the famous—or infamous—Captain Clark?”
“At your service, madam.”
“And did you really smuggle a whole cartload of brandy past a regiment of excisemen, disguised as an old woman taking straw to the market?” she asked curiously.
He laughed at that. “These stories do get round, don’t they? I can’t think how they spread. That one’s true, though, as a matter of fact. Though it wasn’t straw, it was turnips, and it wasn’t a whole regiment of excisemen, it was only a pair of them—young lads, and new on the job, at that. Though I imagine my disguise would have gotten past even their superiors.” He paused, then added reflectively, “It’s quite amazing, you know, what one can accomplish with a bit of flair and a taste for theatrics.” 
“Such as impersonating Colonel Price tonight?” Susanna suggested.
He chuckled again. “Now that—that really was one of my better efforts. His own mother wouldn’t have been able to tell us apart. Not from a distance, and in the dark, as I was, at any rate.” 
There was a brief silence, and he lowered himself cautiously to the ground and leaned back against a boulder with a grunt of pain, and closed his eyes a moment. 
“Have you opened the wound again?” Susanna asked.
“Probably.” He spoke without opening his eyes. “I ought not to have attempted the exertion of the ride, I suppose, but the alternative,” he added dryly, “seemed to be decidedly more unpleasant than risking further injury to my arm.”
Susanna got to her feet. “You’d better let me have a look.”  
“I suppose it wouldn’t be the slightest good my trying to dissuade you? No, I thought not. Very well. Though if this is what being a governess does to a girl, all I can say is that I’m heartily sorry for any of your charges who happen to cross you.”
He sighed resignedly, and with another groan, unbuttoned his shirt and slipped it from one shoulder. 
“I don’t think the damage can be as much as I’d feared. The bandages are still clean—it hasn’t started bleeding again.” Susanna sat back on her heels with a sigh of relief, and her companion looked at her curiously.
“You’re an odd sort of girl, I must say. You’ve been manhandled by a smuggler, shot at, chased through the woods, nearly caught by law officers—and all you can think of to say is that you’re glad my shoulder’s not bleeding again?”
“Well, I am glad,” Susanna said reasonably. “I haven’t anything with me to treat the wound here, and it would be very inconvenient if you were to start bleeding again now and lose consciousness. And besides,” she laughed, “if you’d spent the last three years working as a governess, I assure you you’d jump at the chance for a bit of excitement as well.”
He smiled faintly at that. “Excitement? Yes, well, I suppose that’s one way to describe tonight’s escapade, though not necessarily the one I would have chosen. But look here—it doesn’t frighten you, to be trapped alone in a cave with an outlaw—one known far and wide”—he had been smiling, but now his face hardened slightly—“as a smuggler and murderer both?” 
“Are you really a murderer?” Susanna asked. “It scarcely seems worthwhile to ask whether you’re really a smuggler.”
The smile tugged once more at his mouth and he laughed unwillingly. “No, it doesn’t, does it?” Then the smile faded abruptly, and he added, “But, though you’ve no particular reason to believe me, I truly am not a murderer.” 
“I’ve no particular reason for disbelieving you, either,” Susanna pointed out. “Then it wasn’t you who killed Jeremy Franklin?”
“Good lord, no. Why should I? I liked the old boy.”
“And you didn’t kill my grandfather either?” Susanna asked.
“Your grandfather?” He looked at her in blank astonishment. “I don’t even know—look here, who is your grandfather—and why should I have had anything to do with his death?”
“My grandfather was Sir William Ward.”
“Sir William Ward?” The man’s voice was incredulous. “And you thought I had killed him?”
“No—no, I didn’t. Not really. But it was Jeremy Franklin who first told me he believed my grandfather’s death was no accident.” Briefly, then, Susanna told him the details of her arrival in the neighborhood from her chance encounter with the gardener and the suspicions he had voiced about her grandfather’s death.
He listened in rising excitement, and when she had finished, he leaned back against the wall with a long, low whistle. “So that explains poor old Franklin. And whoever killed him—”  
He broke off, his eyes staring hard into the middle distance and his brow furrowed in thought. Then he shook his head and roused himself. “We’d best be going—it must be nearly dawn by this time, and there’ll be hell to pay if you’re not back at the Hall and in your bed by morning.” 
“But what am I to do?” Susanna protested.
His voice was suddenly harsh. “Forget all about Jeremy Franklin and your grandfather. Look, I can’t explain things to you now—but there’s more to this business than you realize. And it could be”—he picked his words carefully—“very dangerous for you to start poking around and stirring things up.” 
And before Susanna could protest further, he had taken her hand and was pulling her upright, out of the cave and into the night. 
They gained the road at the top of the cliff without incident, and when they had once more reached the edge of the forest, he paused a moment, listening intently. 
“All quiet—the gallant officers of the law must have given up the job and gone home to their beds.”
He drew in his breath, and then gave the same low whistle he had used before. “Now, did he …” 
He was interrupted by a soft, answering neigh from the trees ahead, and presently the sound of a horse’s hooves. 
The first light of dawn was breaking—no more than a faint lightening along the horizon, but enough for Susanna to see a black stallion, tall and powerful, with a single streak of white blazoned on its forehead. 
Her companion had captured the loose bridle, and was stroking the horse’s mane. “Good lad—good fellow.” 
He offered Susanna his hands once more for her to climb on. 
“But your arm,” she protested, “You can’t—”
“It’s well enough,” he said. His voice was harsh. “Just get on.”
Susanna bit her lip, but did as he said, stepping as lightly as she could on his extended hands and pulling herself up into the saddle as fast as she was able. 
With a grunt and an indrawn breath, he hoisted himself into the saddle behind her, and they were off, though Susanna could feel him wince and stiffen with every jarring step of the horse’s gait. 
“I’ll have to leave you here,” he said at last, when they had covered some two miles along the road towards town. “The gates of your uncle’s estate aren’t more than a quarter of a mile from here. You’ll be all right on your own, won’t you?”
Susanna slid down from the saddle and stood looking up at him. “Yes, of course I’ll be all right,” she said impatiently. “But what—” 
“Goodbye.” He interrupted her firmly before she could go on. “Goodbye—and please take care.”
And with that he was gone, digging in his heels and turning to ride off into the night at a brisk, easy trot. 
The shadows closed in over him as he moved away, but not quickly enough for Susanna to miss this stiffness in the way he held himself, or the left arm, hanging limp and useless at one side. She felt a little pang of alarm, but there was, after all, nothing she could do. She could hardly force him to see a doctor—or keep to his bed.  
She found herself wondering, as she turned and began to walk slowly along the rough earthen track, where that bed might be. She—and no doubt Colonel Price and a number of assorted officers of the law as well—would give a great deal to know where the elusive Captain Clark lay concealed when he was not at his daring and dangerous work about the cliffs. 


Chapter 13
The gates of the Rutherford estate were, as the captain had said, only a short distance along the road. The route they had taken had come around to the east, skirting the edge of the town, and now wended its way through the outlying farms and clusters of cottages that lay at the outskirts.  
The town had grown up around the Rutherford estate, in the old Medieval fashion of feudal serfs, clustering round the castle of their lord, and it was here, midway between town and great house, that the parish church was located. The church was a fine old stone-built Norman building with tangles of creepers growing over its sides, and beside its quaint, old-fashioned churchyard stood the rectory, a pleasant, rambling building built likewise of gray stone. 
Susanna had been lucky so far—hitherto, she had met no one on the road. But now the figure of a man appeared, coming from the opposite direction and just turning in at the rectory gate, and with dismay she recognized the spare form and balding head of her uncle Henry.  
She uttered a curse under her breath. Of all the perverse luck. But there was no help for it—she would have to pass him in order to get back to the Hall. And, at any rate, he had already seen her—his head had turned in her direction and he was watching her approach with interest. 
Susanna glanced up at the sky, now lightening to a pearly gray and streaked with rose along the eastern horizon. Not full dawn yet, but quite light enough for him to see and recognize her—and wonder how on earth she came to be walking the roads at that hour of the morning and in this condition of dirt and dishevelment.  
She could imagine how she looked—clothes grass-stained and torn, hair straggling and wild, hands and face covered with dust and dirt. What was he to think—and what on earth was she going to offer him in the way of an explanation? 
She came abreast of him and offered him a cheerful smile. 
“Good morning, Uncle.”
Fortunately for her, he appeared no more pleased to see her than she was at meeting him. 
He eyed her a moment with distaste, and she thought there was a distinct note of annoyance in his voice as he replied, “Hmmm. Yes. Good morning, Susanna. You are out and about early this morning.” 
“Yes.” Susanna skated over the implied question, and went on quickly, “As are you, Uncle Henry. Do you often come out for a walk at this time?”
She thought he looked faintly embarrassed at the question. A flush mantled his thin cheeks, and his brows drew together in a faint, irritated frown. “I? Er … sometimes, yes.” 
He paused, then added, “I fear I am but a poor sleeper. When I find myself wakeful I often come out for a walk. I find that exercise has a soothing effect. But what, if I may ask, are you doing about at this hour? You appear,” he added, eyeing her person with patent disapproval, “to have suffered from some sort of accident.” 
Susanna laughed, hoping the sound didn’t ring as false as it sounded in her ears. “Oh—I’m afraid I tripped and fell while I was in the woods. No harm done, but I seem to have gotten very dirty. As to what I’m doing”—she forced another smile—“well, I woke up very early, and found I couldn’t sleep. It must have been the excitement of the journey, I suppose. At any rate, it looked like such a lovely morning that I thought I would come out for a walk before anyone else was up. I suppose I ought to be getting back now—they’ll be waking up at the Hall soon, and I shouldn’t like anyone to worry about me.” 
Her uncle Henry gave her a long, hard look before replying, and for a breathless moment, Susanna thought he was going to challenge her explanation. But then he nodded briskly. “Yes—yes, you should certainly be getting back.” He gave his thin, dry little cough, and then added, “And if I may say so, Susanna, I think it would be extremely unwise to continue this gadding about the countryside alone.” 
He looked at her severely, and Susanna noticed, as she had before, that when apart from his wife, her uncle’s personality seemed to expand, balloon-like, and take on a decidedly more forceful note than he usually showed. Small wonder, of course—he could hardly have survived so many years of marriage to Carolyn by asserting a domineering personality.  
All the same, though, the pompous, slightly self-important air came as something of a surprise in a man who, to all appearances, labored so meekly under the iron hand of his wife. 
“You ought to be aware,” he went on, “of the dangers attending a young girl walking about alone—and at such an hour.”
“Yes, Uncle. I’m sure you’re quite right.”
“You may not be aware of it,” he went on, “but there have been a number of reports of smuggling going on in the area. And you would not wish to encounter any of those ruffians while on your own.”
“No, Uncle,” Susanna agreed, lowering her eyes meekly under his stern gaze.
She took her leave of him soon after, and continued on her way, past the rectory and in at the gates of the park. Luck was with her. She gained the house without meeting anyone further, and slipped once more through the front door. The household was still abed, the great hall chill and silent when she crept in, and she made her way back to her room without being seen.  
She was, all at once, very tired, and she sank down on the edge of her bed for a moment before struggling up once more. She supposed she ought to undress—it would be some time before breakfast would be served, and she might yet be able to snatch a few hours of sleep before the rest of the household awoke. 
She undressed, laying her dirty clothes over the back of a chair, and wondered vaguely how she was going to account for their condition to the maid. There were distinct disadvantages to having servants to wait on one, it appeared.  
But she was too tired to think about it now. She slipped a nightdress over her head, splashed the worst of the dirt from her face with water from the basin, and in another moment was lying between the sheets, pulling the blankets up to shut out the pale gold light now creeping in at the window. A warm, luxurious drowsiness stole over her, and for the first time in some several hours, she felt her muscles relax.  
Her last thought, before sleep descended over her, was of a lean, tanned face, and dark eyes that laughed at her from behind a black satin mask, and she wondered, fleetingly, just how it was she could be so certain he was not guilty of either her grandfather’s or Jeremy Franklin’s murder. But certain she was, and tomorrow—or rather, today—she was going to set about proving it. 
She slept then, soundly and dreamlessly, and awoke only when the door opened to admit Jenny, rosy and smiling and bearing a steaming cup. 
“Good morning, miss. I’ve brought you some chocolate,” she greeted Susanna.
Susanna opened her eyes, and sat up with a yawn. “Chocolate? How lovely. I shall be getting quite spoiled if you go on treating me this way.” 
She took the cup from the maid’s hands and sipped delicately at the rich, fragrant liquid, leaning back against the cushions and looking once more around the room. Could it really be possible that only yesterday she had been one of the hot, miserable passengers in an overcrowded stagecoach—and with no other prospect in sight but the comfort of another dingy, airless attic apartment in another employer’s establishment? 
Her eye fell on her surroundings—the thickly-tufted Persian carpet, the heavily carved mahogany furnishings, the satin-covered eiderdown comforter. She smiled wryly. She had better be careful or she would be getting spoiled—and the clock would strike midnight sooner or later—and Cinderella would have to return to her old chores and duties. 
There were the previous night’s adventures, too—they seemed as unreal now as anything in a fairy-story. But—her eye lighted on the dress she had worn, hanging over the chair where she had left it—but at least there was the dirt on her clothes to proclaim the dream a reality. She had seen the infamous Captain Clark again, and had learned that, though he might be a smuggler, he was not the killer she had come into the neighborhood to expose. But that still left her with a great many questions unanswered—and a very great deal to be done. She would have to map out a plan of campaign for discovering how her grandfather and old Jeremy Franklin had died. 
Jenny had been moving around the room, filling the basin with fresh water from a copper can, unwrapping a fresh cake of soap to place on the washstand, and now she picked up Susanna’s soiled clothes from the back of the chair. 
It would be well, Susanna thought, to offer an explanation freely, before it was asked for. “I’m sorry, Jenny—I’m afraid I’ve gotten those things into a rather awful state. I went out for a walk very early this morning, and took a bit of a fall.” 
Jenny appeared to accept this explanation without question. “Oh, dear, miss. That’s too bad. I hope you’ve not come to harm?” 
Susanna smiled. “No—none at all. Only I’m afraid my clothes are very dirty indeed.” 
“That’s all right, miss. Nothing a bit of washing won’t cure. You leave it to me. I’ll see that they’re cleaned for you.”
“Thank you, Jenny. You’re very good.” She hesitated, wishing she could ask whether there had been any news of the smugglers that morning—whether the colonel’s men had succeeded in capturing any of Captain Clark’s gang. He must have gotten away—surely Jenny would have said something at once if he’d been caught. But all the same, a little, niggling doubt at the back of her mind remained. And she didn’t dare ask any more questions about the smugglers—she’d likely betrayed too much of an interest in them already.
She might still learn what she could of her grandfather’s death, though. Jenny could probably tell her as much as anyone in the house about that. She frowned, considering how best to begin. 
“A bit of potato juice and lye, miss, and that dress will be as right as rain,” Jenny was saying.
“Thank you, Jenny,” Susanna said again. She was silent a moment, then added, “I suppose really, though, I ought to be wearing mourning as everyone else is—for my grandfather.”
Jenny opened her mouth, then shut it again. 
“Yes, Jenny? What were you going to say?”
“Nothing, miss. Only …”
“Only what?”
“Only …” Jenny appeared to struggle for a moment with herself, and then burst out, “if it’s mourning you’re talking of, it’s my belief there’s little grieving being done for old Sir William in this house—for all they are in black.”
Susanna’s pulse quickened. This was precisely what she’d wanted. 
“Little grieving?” She repeated. “What do you mean?”
Jenny looked troubled. “Maybe I oughtn’t to have said anything, miss. I’m sure I never meant.”  
“Of course you ought, Jenny.” Susanna leaned forward a little. “Please—I’d be terribly grateful if you’d tell me everything you can about my grandfather. I know so little about him, you see—I only met him once, when I was just a little girl. And now I’ve come here to find he’s gone for good.”
Jenny looked doubtful. 
“Go on—please,” Susanna said again. “Why isn’t anyone here sorry my grandfather’s gone?”
Jenny hesitated another moment, then seemed to make up her mind. “Well, miss.” She glanced nervously over her shoulder, as though afraid of being overheard, and then went on, lowering her voice a little, “Well miss, there was little love lost between the old gentleman and his family, and that’s a fact. A hard man, Sir William. Very proud.” 
“Yes, he was that,” Susanna agreed softly. She was recalling that stern, ascetic old face that had looked at her with such scorn and dislike.
“He weren’t at all an easy person to live with,” Jenny went on. “Seemed none of the family could rub along comfortable-like with him. Take Sir Charles, now.”
Jenny was well away now, speaking more easily. “Take Sir Charles—as good and kind a gentleman as ever you could wish to meet, but could old Sir William see it that way? No—he had to be forever harping on him, bullying him—telling him he’d never be fit to have the running of a big estate like Rutherford, and that he’d a mind to leave the place to the crown when he died. He’d never have done it, o’ course,” Jenny added. “Meant a lot to him, it did, the estate and the family name and all. Still, it does just go to show you, doesn’t it?” 
“Yes, it does.” Susanna was thoughtful. She could well imagine that kind, good, slightly simple Uncle Charles would have had a difficult time measuring up to her grandfather’s expectations of his son and heir. But did that mean that Sir Charles, driven to desperation by his father’s threats and criticisms, might have— She broke off with a little shiver.
“And what about Mrs. Lovecraft?” She asked. “Did she get on well with her father?”
“Her?” Jenny gave an expressive sniff to show what she thought of Sophia Lovecraft. “Always at odds with him, she was. She’s been wanting to leave the Hall—none too fond of the country, she is—too dull for her, she says. She was always after her father to give her the money to set up in a house of her own in Bath, or London, but he wouldn’t do it. He’d settled a good sum on her when she married, and he said if her husband had spent it all and she hadn’t any left, it was her fault for being fool enough to marry the man in the first place.
“I see.” Susanna did see, too. The reasons for someone wishing her grandfather out of the way were mounting up, and the suspicions of old Jeremy Franklin were beginning to seem less incredible than they had done. She hesitated, biting her lip. She hated to ask the next question—but she supposed it had to be done.
“And Julia?” She asked. “Had she a quarrel with my grandfather as well?”
“Oh, yes, miss.” Jenny’s eyes were wide. “Poor Miss Julia—I were downright sorry for her, and that’s a fact. Terrible the scenes she and her granddad used to have. Both of them all red and shouting and both swearing they’d never let the other one have their way. It were all on account of the young doctor, miss—on account of Miss Julia’s wanting to marry Mr. Carswell.”
Susanna drew in her breath sharply. She had suspected as much, but this confirmed it. “My grandfather didn’t approve?”  
Jenny’s eyes widened still farther. “Oh, no, miss. He’d not be likely to stand for that—a granddaughter of his, marrying a common young surgeon. Though Mr. Carswell’s a fine doctor, so everyone says, and as fine a young gentleman as you could wish to meet. But Sir William, he wouldn’t hear of it. Said his granddaughter would never marry a man like Mr. Carswell so long as he was alive.”  
And now, Susanna thought, with another little shiver, he was alive no longer—and the major obstacle in the way of Julia’s marriage to the man she loved had been removed. Yes, she would have to find out more about her cousin and Mr. Carswell. 
“They’d had another quarrel—a terrible one—on the very day he died,” Jenny was saying.
Susanna, her thoughts busy, did not attend at once. “A quarrel? Do you mean between my cousin Julia and my grandfather?” 
“That’s right, miss. The very morning before he died.”
“Are you sure? How did you hear of it?”
“Well, miss.” Jenny hesitated a moment, and looked conscious. “Well, miss, the fact is that Rose—she’s second housemaid—happened to be dusting the table in the hall outside Sir William’s study, and seeing as how they were shouting so loud, she happened to overhear …”
“Yes, I see.” In spite of herself, Susanna smothered a smile. Of course one of the servants would have overheard the quarrel—one of them always did. And the infallible jungle drum of the servant’s grapevine would have beat out the news to the rest of the household staff almost before the two parties had ended the quarrel and parted.
“Did she happen,” she asked without emphasis, “to hear what, exactly, was said?”
“She didn’t hear much.” Jenny spoke regretfully. “Just Sir William saying something about being a disgrace to the family name.”
“That’s all? Then how could she be sure it was Julia Sir William was speaking to?”
Jenny looked surprised. “Who else could it have been, miss? Sir William was always going on at her like that—at how she was shaming all her kin by wanting to marry Mr. Carswell. Many’s the time I’ve heard him say so, just like that.”  
“I see.” But, Susanna thought, she really did not see anything clearly.
“Will that be everything, miss?” Jenny had gathered up the dirty clothes and linens and was poised to depart.
“Yes—yes, thank you, Jenny,” Susanna said abstractedly. “That’s everything—and thank you.”
The door closed behind her, and Susanna remained where she was, chin propped up in her hands, thinking over what the maid had just told her. She was sorrier than ever for her cousin Julia—but that didn’t alter the fact that she must be supposed to have had cause for wishing their grandfather’s death. Or that she had quarreled violently with him on the morning he had died. 
But then, too, there was her mother—Sophia, by Jenny’s account, had chafed at being dependent on her father for a place to live, and had been anxious to leave Rutherford Hall for her own establishment in Bath or London. Susanna recalled Sophia Lovecraft’s beautiful, slightly hard face, and the richly rustling black silk of her mourning costume. She could well believe that such a woman would find life on a country estate very dull indeed. Enough to kill her own father to get away? Susanna didn’t know—but decidedly she would have to find out the terms of her grandfather’s will—and whether Sophia was now in a position to purchase a house of her own in some more fashionable part of the world. 
There was Sir Charles, too, of course. Susanna hated to consider him a suspect, for already she liked her uncle very much—liked him, and thought him a genuinely kind, good man. But still—he had inherited the Rutherford estate on his father’s death. And, according to Jenny, his father had been threatening him with disinheritance. How much had his inheritance meant to him—and how seriously had Sir Charles taken those threats? Until she knew the answers to those questions, she decided, her uncle Charles must still be considered a suspect. 
Those were the three people who must be considered, then—Sir Charles, her aunt Sophia, and Julia. Susanna frowned, and with a little start, realized that she had forgotten about her uncle Henry. Strange how one tended to overlook Henry—Julia had been right. Jenny hadn’t mentioned anything about Henry’s relations with his father—might Henry have had a reason for wishing his father out of the way? Or, for that matter, her aunt Caroline? She would have to find out, of course, but on the surface of things, it didn’t seem very likely. 
There was, too, the question of opportunity. Her grandfather had died of a fall down the stairs in the middle of the night. She would have to find out who had been in the house at the time of his accident. If she found that Henry and his wife had been asleep in their own home at the rectory at the time—as they very likely were—she could hardly suspect either of them of having pushed her grandfather down the stairs. 
She sat up in bed, suddenly resolute. She would have to speak to each of the suspects—learn whether what Jenny had told her of each one was true. And above all, she must try and discover all she could about the circumstances of the accident itself—when and where it had occurred, who had been the first to arrive on the scene, what the responses of the various family members had been. 
She swung her legs out from under the covers and stood up. In the background of all the buzzing questions around her grandfather’s death lurked the larger question of the smuggler—Captain Clark. She recalled his sharply indrawn breath—his face, taut with excitement in the flickering darkness of the cave—on hearing the story of her grandfather’s death.  
She went over their conversation word by word, but the old gardener’s cryptic remarks meant no more to her now than they had then. They had meant something to the man who called himself Captain Clark, though. Somewhere in them must lie a clue to the old man’s death—and to the connection between Captain Clark and the two murders.  


Chapter 14
Susanna hadn’t taken time the night before to explore her quarters, and she now found that her room had a small adjoining dressing chamber, where a big copper tub had been set up for bathing. A bath, she decided, would definitely be a good idea. She had washed the worst of the dirt off last night, but her sojourn in the cave had left her with a layer of grime that the towel had been powerless to remove, and a faint, pervasive smell of damp and decay and seaweed clung about her hair. She rang the bell, and was presently lowering herself luxuriously into a tub of steaming water. 
When she had bathed and dressed herself in a gown of pale yellow muslin, she eyed her reflection critically in the mirror. Their wild flight through the woods had left a few scratches on her arms, but the dress had long lace sleeves that nearly covered the worst of the marks—well enough, at least, so that they weren’t likely to be noticed by a casual observer. There was another long scratch on her temple, and she arranged her hair to cover it, twisting and holding it in place with a yellow ribbon.  
And otherwise, she decided with a faint smile, there was nothing to show she had spent the greater part of the night being chased through the forest by a regiment of excisemen and in the company of the country’s most notorious smuggler. 
Coming downstairs, she entered the great hall to find her uncle Charles, ruddy and flushed with exercise, having apparently just come in from an early morning ride. Through the still open doorway, she had just a glimpse of another man on horseback—an erect form in black riding coat and hat going down the gravel drive at a trot—before the door was closed by the footmen and Sir Charles came forward to greet her. 
“My dear Susanna. Good morning—good morning.” Sir Charles gave his riding crop and hat into the waiting hands of the butler, and came to give her a kiss on the cheek. “I trust you slept well, my dear?”
“Very well,” Susanna said truthfully. “Have you been out riding, Uncle Charles?” Her uncle nodded.
“Yes. Just left Lord Ravenwood—you must have seen him riding away just now.”
“Lord Ravenwood?
“Yes—usually comes over to ride with me in the morning.”
“He’s recovered from his indisposition the night before, then?” Susanna asked, a little mischievously. She had her doubts about the truth of that indisposition. If she were being pursued by Sophia Lovecraft …
Sir Charles, however, looked worried. “No—no, I’m afraid he hasn’t, poor fellow. Tried to ride out with me as usual, but really, he looked so poorly I persuaded him to go back. Could hardly keep his seat in the saddle. I tried to persuade him to come into the house for some brandy, but he wouldn’t hear of it—no matter how I pressed him. Of course, that might have been because of Sophia.” 
“Because of my aunt?”
Sir Charles nodded unhappily, and lowered his voice. “Not too keen on meeting her just now, I think. I’m afraid,” he added awkwardly, “that between ourselves, Sophia’s been making rather a pest of herself over the man. Don’t get me wrong—I’m fond of my sister. But she does have rather a way of clinging to a fellow. Made it rather awkward for young Ravenwood, if you see what I mean.” 
“Yes, I do.” Susanna wasn’t inclined to entirely exempt the unknown Lord Ravenwood of blame, though. “But surely,” she said, “Lord Ravenwood needn’t have paid her any attention if he hadn’t any interest in attracting her? He must have offered her some encouragement to begin with.”
“You don’t know Sophia,” Sir Charles said gloomily. “Doesn’t take any encouragement with her. No—in my opinion, young Ravenwood’s been pretty well blameless in the affair—much good may that do him. It makes it rather awkward, though,” he said again. “I like the young man—don’t want Sophia to make any trouble for him.”
“I shouldn’t worry, Uncle. I don’t think Aunt Sophia’s likely to make any unpleasantness. She’ll likely realize his affections aren’t to be engaged, and then think no more about the matter.”
Susanna wished she could believe her own words, but Sir Charles looked relieved. “Do you think so?” 
“Yes, I’m sure of it.” Then, seeing an opportunity to begin her inquiries, Susanna went on, “Besides, wasn’t there some talk of her leaving Rutherford and taking a house in town somewhere? I thought someone had mentioned it.”
“Yes.” Sir Charles appeared cheered. “Yes, that’s right. She’s always had a fancy for a place in town. Couldn’t afford it before—but of course, everything’s changed now.”
“With my grandfather’s death you mean?” Susanna struggled to keep the excitement out of her voice.
Sir Charles nodded. “Yes—Father wouldn’t hear of it while he was alive, but he left half the estate to her in his will. In trust, of course—the income paid out to her by me annually. But still,” he added innocently, “she knows I’d never make any objection if she wanted to leave for a house of her own.” 
No, Susanna thought. Sir Charles wouldn’t stand in the way of his sister’s plans. Sophia Lovecraft, if she’d received half the Rutherford property under her father’s will, was quite a wealthy woman, and one, moreover, who was free to do exactly as she liked with her money—now that her father was dead. 
“Uncle Charles,” Susanna asked suddenly, “How did my grandfather die? I know it was an accident—that he fell down the stairs. But what happened, exactly?”
Sir Charles appeared to see nothing odd in the inquiry. “Yes, of course you’d want to know,” he said. “Ought to have thought about it myself. Must have come as a shock to you, coming here, and then finding out the old man had been killed so soon before.” 
That was profoundly true, though of course Susanna didn’t say so. She was silent, and presently Sir Charles went on. 
“It was there he fell.” They had been crossing the great hall, and now he gestured to the foot of the massive oak staircase. “Just there. He was a poor sleeper—used to get up and walk about at night. I blame myself for letting him wander about, at his age. I ought to have stopped him—I knew he wasn’t as steady on his feet as he used to be, but …”
He broke off, shaking his head. Susanna put a hand on his arm. “I shouldn’t think my grandfather would have listened to you if you had tried to stop him,” she said. “I only met him once, of course, but he didn’t seem to me the sort of person who would willingly have taken orders from anyone.” 
Sir Charles smiled faintly. “No—no, that’s true, he wasn’t. A very strong-willed man, was my father. And a very proud one. But still, a fine man, for all that. I always admired him tremendously.” 
Susanna studied her uncle curiously. If Jenny’s words were to be believed, her grandfather had been a far from kind father to Sir Charles. And yet—his tone of mingled affection and regret had rung true. Perhaps, in spite of her grandfather’s hard ways, Sir Charles had been genuinely fond of his father—had not, perhaps, minded the old man’s criticisms and complaints. 
“At any rate,” her uncle was saying, “the first I knew of the accident was when I heard the crash—he knocked down the suit of armor at the foot of the stairs as he fell, you know. It made a terrible noise—thought the house was falling down about our ears at first. I came running out onto the landing to see what had happened, and everyone else was already there. Just standing up there, at the top, looking down. And so I looked too, and I saw”—he swallowed—“I saw my father lying there, all crumpled in a heap.”
“Do you know who it was who first got to him?” Susanna asked. “Who first arrived on the scene?”
Sir Charles shook his head. “No. Julia, maybe. Or it might have been Henry.” 
“Henry?” Susanna repeated sharply. “Was Henry here, that night, then? I thought he and my aunt Caroline lived down at the rectory.”
Sir Charles looked a little startled by the eagerness of the question. “Yes—so they do, as a rule. But they’d been staying here that month. Caroline was having some repairs to the roof carried out at the rectory—it’s quite an old building, and leaks like a sieve in the rain. At any rate, they elected to stay here while the repairs were being done—easier for all concerned, you know.” 
“Yes, I see.” Susanna was silent a moment, musing. So Henry and Caroline had both been in the house that night. She couldn’t, as yet, see that either of them would have had any reason for killing her grandfather—but neither could she entirely exempt them from suspicion.
“And did anyone ever learn what had happened?” She asked. “How my grandfather had happened to fall, I mean?”
Sir Charles shook his head. “No—no, we could only guess as to that. As I say, though, he wasn’t any too steady on his feet. I suppose he must simply have missed his footing in the dark and fallen—an easy enough thing to do, especially at his age.” 
“Yes, I suppose so.”
“And then he never regained consciousness after he fell,” Sir Charles went on. “We had the doctor up right away, of course, but there was nothing he could do. He said my father would never wake up—it was only a matter of time before the end.”
Something clicked in Susanna’s brain, like two pieces of a jigsaw puzzle fitting together. “The doctor—would that be Mr. Carswell, the surgeon?” 
Sir Charles looked faintly surprised. “Yes—yes, that’s right. Young Carswell. Fine young chap. Why do you ask?” 
“No reason.” No reason, except that here was another who might well have had cause for wishing her grandfather out of the way—and who now, she found, had actually attended him at the end of his life. How easy would it have been for Mr. Carswell, as attending surgeon, to do something—administer some dose or other—that would speed the coming of that end?
“And my grandfather never regained consciousness, then—he never said anything of how he’d fallen?”
Sir Charles shook his head. “No—nothing at all. He did speak, just at the end. But only wanderings—he seemed to be reliving the past, I think. He said …” 
“Yes?” Susanna asked eagerly. “What did he say?”
Sir Charles had checked himself, and was looking at her with a troubled countenance, his brow puckered in distress. “Nothing very lucid,” he said at last, then added unconvincingly, “Just vague wanderings—you know. Nothing that made sense.” 
Susanna turned to force him to meet her eyes. “It was something about my father, wasn’t it?” she asked quietly, and with sudden conviction. “Please—please tell me what it was.” 
“I don’t know …” Sir Charles hesitated.
“Please tell me,” Susanna said again. “I must know—surely you see that.”
Sir Charles sighed heavily. “Yes—yes, I suppose you must. I would have spared you hearing, if I could—afraid it would distress you. But yes, my father did talk about Matthew at the end. He seemed to be reliving the past, as I say—I think his mind was dwelling on the old quarrel. He kept muttering something about having his son cut off from him forever, and someone not being worthy of the family name.” 
Sir Charles broke off, and glanced at her face. “I’m sorry, my dear. I knew it would distress you—I oughtn’t to have told you.” 
“It’s all right.” Susanna forced herself to speak steadily. So that was how her grandfather had died. No thought of reconciliation or forgiveness for his estranged son—only bitterly implacable anger, carried with him even to the brink of the grave.
Sir Charles patted her arm awkwardly. “I’m sure he didn’t mean it, you know. My father loved Matthew—I’m sure he did. Pride may have been his great failing—but I’m sure he loved his children just the same.” 
His tone was almost pleading, and Susanna forced a smile. “Yes, I’m sure he did. I’m sorry, Uncle,” she added, with a glance at his worried face. “I ought not to have asked you to speak of it—please, don’t trouble yourself any further.” 
Sir Charles’ face cleared. “That’s all right, my dear.” He gave her arm another pat. “It’s right you should know of these things—and it’s all over and done with now, thank goodness.” 
But it was far from over, Susanna thought. Someone among those in the house had pushed her grandfather to his death. And until she knew who, she couldn’t allow the matter to rest. 


Chapter 15
Sir Charles took his leave of her soon after, saying that he would go and change his clothes before breakfast, and Susanna made her way to the breakfast room, where she found both her cousin and aunt already there, seated before plates of buttered toast and rolls and sipping cups of coffee in silence—brooding and discontented on Julia’s part, restless and bored on that of her aunt. 
Both women looked up as she entered, and her aunt Sophia greeted her at once. She looked lovelier than ever this morning in an expensively cut dress of dove-gray silk, with a little lace ruff around her slender throat and every fair hair perfectly in place. Susanna noticed, though, that the merciless light of day picked out the faint lines of age about the corners of her mouth, and betrayed the slight blurring of the once firm lines of chin and jaw. 
“Susanna. My dear, please help yourself to whatever you’d like.” Sophia Lovecraft gestured towards the sideboard. “You won’t mind waiting on yourself, I hope? I’ve sent the footmen away. So much cozier and pleasant to breakfast en famille—don’t you think?”
“Yes, of course.”
“I do hope you’ve had a good night?” She went on. She studied Susanna’s face intently for a moment, then added, a look of satisfaction appearing in the wide blue eyes, “You look a little tired, my dear.”
Susanna smiled. “I expect it was the journey,” she replied. “Traveling is so tiring, don’t you agree? And then I never sleep well in a strange bed.” 
She took a plate from the sideboard, and helped herself to a roll and a slice of toast. “It’s very kind of you to have invited me to stay on such short notice,” she added. “Especially at such a time as this—coming so soon after my grandfather’s death, I mean.” 
She poured herself a cup of coffee, and then added. “It must have come as a very great shock to you.” 
Julia had been silent up until now, staring sullenly into her coffee cup, but now she looked up and laughed, suddenly and harshly. “A shock—yes. Though not an unpleasant one. I don’t think any of us imagined the old man would actually be so obliging as to really die, did we mother?” 
“Darling.” Sophia raised her eyebrows in gentle reproach. “That’s a dreadful thing to say. Forgive my daughter, Susanna. The young are so plain-spoken, aren’t they? Not at all like when I was a girl.”
She laughed lightly, then looked mournful. “Of course it was the very greatest shock to us all when my father died.” The lovely blue eyes widened. “We were all terribly, terribly distressed, I assure you.” 
“Yes—yes, I’m sure you were,” Susanna said, then added casually, “Especially as I understand you were the one to find my grandfather after he fell?”
“I?” A faint frown appeared between Sophia’s brows. “No—no, I don’t think so. I’m almost sure there were others already on the scene when I came out. Julia—do you remember? I thought you were there before me.”
“No, Mother.” Julia’s tone was impatient. “I was the last one to come out, remember?” She turned to Susanna. “My room is the farthest away from the stairs—at the other end of the passage. And I’m a heavy sleeper—I didn’t wake up at once. When I did hear the commotion and came out to see what had happened, everyone else was already there.”
“I see.” Susanna fell silent, thinking. And where, she wondered, did that get her? No one seemed sure of the time of anyone’s arrival on the scene of her grandfather’s accident. And besides—it would have been a simple enough matter for whoever had pushed her grandfather to duck quickly back into one of the rooms along the hall, and then pretend to come out later, when the noise of the fall had reached everyone else.
Sophia Lovecraft had been watching the door, and glancing at the clock with increasing restlessness, and now she said, a faint line of irritation appearing on her smooth brow, “I wonder where my brother can be? I made sure he’d be back from his ride by this time. And I know I told him to be sure to invite Lord Ravenwood in for breakfast.” 
Julia made a noise of disgust, and Susanna, feeling another pang of pity for her cousin, hastened to smooth away the moment’s awkwardness. 
“I’m afraid you must find life down here very dull,” she said sympathetically. “Country life is so very different from what one finds in a town.”
Mrs. Lovecraft responded at once. “Oh, it is—it is, indeed. The society in the country is so dull—so unvarying. How I have survived down here without going quite mad, I really do not know. It would have been different, of course, if my father had been fond of entertaining—of giving balls and parties. But he would never hear of guests in the house. Why, if we dined in company more than twice in a month, we counted ourselves very lucky indeed.” 
“I wonder,” Susanna said innocently, “that you consented to stay at all.”
Sophia looked resentful. “I should have liked nothing better than to leave. I’m sure I told my father so again and again—did I not, Julia? But he was most unreasonable. Really, it would have been simplicity itself. He could have made over my inheritance to me at once—the portion of the estate that was mine under his will. And I could have moved away, to my own house in London—or perhaps Bath. It was by far the best arrangement—and only what was fair, don’t you agree? But would he hear of such a thing? Oh, no.” 
A distinctly hard, brittle note had crept in to mar the sweetness of Sophia’s voice, and now she checked herself with a smile and a little laugh. “Dear me—how I’m running on, aren’t I? You mustn’t mistake me, my dear Susanna. I was terribly, terribly fond of my poor father. But without wishing to speak ill of the dead, I must say he did tend to be just a little bit selfish. Just a wee bit too fond of having his own way.”
“Yes, of course,” Susanna said understandingly. Then, “but of course now—now you are free to do just as you choose, aren’t you?”
“Yes.” Mrs. Lovecraft’s voice was reflective, her smile private and satisfied. “Yes, now I can do just as I like,” she added, half to herself. And there was, Susanna thought, a very hard, very well-pleased look about her wide blue eyes.
Julia, who had been moodily pushing a crust of toast round her plate, stood up all at once. 
“I’m going to walk into the village to do some errands,” she announced. “Would you like to come along, Susanna?”
Susanna hesitated. 
“I’ve an errand to do at the rectory, as well, but it won’t take long,” Julia added.
That decided her. A visit to the rectory would give her an opportunity to question both Caroline and Henry Ward about the night of her grandfather’s death. 
She stood up as well. “Yes, I’d like to come very much,” she said. 
In the hall, as they were going out, they chanced to meet Sir Charles, freshly washed and changed into a clean shirt and coat, just descending the stairs to the breakfast room. 
“Julia—Susanna. Are you going out?”
Julia nodded. “Yes—only down to the village. I wanted to see if I could find a new pair of gloves at Ford’s millinery—mine are hopelessly worn through. And then Uncle Henry asked me to call in about the arrangements for the children’s fete.” 
“And she very kindly asked me to join her,” Susanna put in. “It’s such a lovely morning, I shall enjoy the walk.”
“I wonder.” Sir Charles hesitated, and looked at Susanna doubtfully. “I wonder if, as you are going to be calling at Ford’s—I wonder if you would allow me, Susanna, to give you a present. Would you think it a liberty, my dear, if I asked you to pick out something for me to give you? Like to get you something, you know, but I’m afraid I haven’t the least idea what you young girls like nowadays.”
For just an instant, Susanna’s pride rebelled and she nearly refused, but a glance at Sir Charles’ kind, slightly anxious face—rather like a small boy, unsure of whether he is going to merit a scolding or approval—changed her mind. 
“Thank you, uncle,” she said instead. “You are very, very good.”
Her uncle’s face cleared, and he beamed approval. “Good—good. Be sure to pick out something nice for yourself, my dear. Julia—I’ll trust you to see that she does.” 
And with that he left them, departing into the breakfast parlor with a final genial farewell. When he had gone, Susanna was struck again, all at once, by the sheer incredibility of what she had come to the house to do. It didn’t seem real—everyone in the Rutherford Household was so very ordinary—so completely what they seemed. Could it really be possible that one of them was a murderer? 
“Uncle Charles really is a dear.” Her cousin’s voice cut in on her thoughts. “It’s a shame he’s never married. He would have made some woman an excellent husband—and had a houseful of small boys to teach hunting and riding and shooting to. Well”—recollecting herself—“I suppose we had best be on our way. If you’ll wait here a moment while I run and fetch my bonnet, we can be off.”
They took the path that led through the park and out onto the main road to the village. It was a glorious day, the sunlight sparkling and radiant, without being oppressive, the clouds wisps of snowy white in an enameled blue sky. Away from the house, Julia’s expression lightened, and her face lost its sulky, discontented look. 
She inhaled deeply, as though savoring the freedom of being abroad in the fresh air, and then turned to Susanna with a smile. 
“It’s heavenly to be away from the house for awhile, isn’t it? And what a beautiful morning. I’m glad you could come.”
They hadn’t gone far, when they caught sight of a rider in the distance, and Julia caught her breath with a little gasp. 
“It’s Will—Mr. Carswell, I mean,” she said, her cheeks flushing a little.
So it proved. The rider approached, and Susanna recognized the frank, square-jawed face of the young surgeon. 
He pulled up his horse when he came abreast of them, and removed his hat in greeting. 
“Julia. I was hoping I might chance to meet you,” he said. His voice was as pleasant as his looks, low-pitched and with the faint burr of the north country.”
Julia smiled, and the flush on her cheeks deepened. 
Then she seemed to recollect herself and turned to Susanna. “Will—I want you to meet my cousin, Susanna Ward. Susanna, may I present Mr. William Carswell.” 
“Very pleased to make your acquaintance, Miss Ward. I’d heard you’d come, of course. In a village this size, any news, however small, gets around pretty quickly. And the arrival of a long-lost relation to the family at the Hall has caused quite a stir.”
Susanna laughed. “I shall prepare myself for any number of curious stares and impertinent questions, then—thank you for the warning.” 
“Will you be making a long stay in the neighborhood?”
Susanna hesitated. “I’m not sure yet,” she said at last. “I suppose I shall be here a few weeks, at least.” 
“And I hope she’ll stay a very great deal longer,” Julia said. “You know Uncle Charles would love to have you.”
Susanna only smiled her reply, and presently Mr. Carswell said, “I’m afraid I must be getting on, Julia. I’ve been called out to one of the farmhouses. There’s been a bad accident—one of the boys fell off a roof.” 
“Oh, no.” Julia gave a little gasp of dismay. “Which family was it?”
“The Mearings. It was young Ned who fell, I believe.”
“Oh, no,” Julia said again. “Will you be able to save him?”
“I don’t know—won’t know until I know how badly the lad’s been hurt.” His jaw tightened. “I mean to do my best, though.”
“Then you had better be off at once—we shan’t keep you any longer.”
Mr. Carswell nodded, his mind already on the challenges and dangers of the case before him, and bid them a somewhat abstracted goodbye. 
Julia watched him go, an expression Susanna couldn’t quite read on her face. 
“He does so much good among the people here.” She spoke almost angrily. “And they all just worship him—there’s no one’s opinion they’d take before his.”
“I’m very sure he deserves it,” Susanna said.
“And half the time he won’t even take a fee—or only charges them an egg or two, or a bushel of apples.” Julia went on as though Susanna hadn’t spoken. “He says the people around here are too poor to afford good medical attention—if he charged any more, they wouldn’t call him in at all, and he’d never be able to help them then.”
“A good doctor—and a very rare kind of man.”
“Yes, he is. I don’t know why—” Julia broke off, biting her lip.
“Why our grandfather couldn’t see things that way?” Susanna asked gently.
Julia nodded, and some of the tension seemed to ebb out of her, now that the matter was out in the open. 
“Yes—I suppose you’ve guessed how things were. Or heard about it from the servants—they always seem to know everything, don’t they? Oh, I don’t mind telling you—I’m glad to have the chance to speak of it to someone—it will be a relief to talk of it openly for a change.”
Julia drew a deep breath, and began. “You must have guessed that Will and I want to be married.” 
Susanna nodded. 
“And that our grandfather wouldn’t hear of such a thing. Will’s family is perfectly respectable—his father was a clergyman in a little parish in Northumberland. But he’s still ‘not the sort of person a Ward of Rutherford Hall ought to connect herself to.’” Her tone put quotation marks around the words, and she made a wry face.
“Our grandfather’s opinion, I take it?”
“His very words,” Julia confirmed. “It was so unfair—he hadn’t anything against Will personally. He just couldn’t bring himself to allow a granddaughter of his to become the wife of a common country surgeon.”
Susanna nodded. “Yes—I can imagine he’d feel that way.” 
Julia looked at her quickly. “That’s right—he disapproved of your father’s marriage, too, didn’t he? Well, he hadn’t changed at all—if anything, he’d gotten worse. He seemed to get more proud—and more tyrannical—with every passing year. It got so the very mention of Will’s name was enough to send him off into a fit of rage.” 
“But surely he couldn’t have stopped you marrying, if it came to it?”
“Couldn’t he, though? I’m not twenty-one yet. I can’t marry without my mother’s consent—and she’d never have crossed my grandfather’s wishes. She was a very great deal too fond of his money to risk his disinheriting her over a little matter like her daughter’s happiness.” Julia’s tone was bitter.
“But surely now—now that our grandfather’s gone, you could marry Will if you wanted to?”
Julia shook her head. “My mother still won’t give her consent. She’s got her heart set on taking a house in London and my making a brilliant match with some lord’s son or other.” Julia’s mouth twisted. “What she’d really like, of course, is to marry the peer’s son herself. But failing that, she’d be perfectly happy to have a wealthy son-in-law to support her. She’s been after me night and day to give Will up—but I won’t do it.” 
Julia’s voice hardened, and she set her jaw in determination. “I won’t do it,” she said again. “I’ve only got to wait about six months more, and then I shall be free to marry Will—and there won’t be a thing Mother or anyone else can do about it.” 
She strode ahead rapidly, and Susanna quickened her pace to keep up and fell silent, deep in thought. Could she suspect her cousin of conniving at her grandfather’s death? She glanced sideways at the pale, set face beside her. She couldn’t believe Julia capable of such a thing. She might have been angry with their grandfather—but she wouldn’t have pushed a helpless old man down the stairs—or stabbed an old gardener in the back. 
Besides, there was the question of motive. Their grandfather had stood in the way of Julia’s marriage, but he couldn’t have prevented her marrying Mr. Carswell in the end. As she herself had said, in six months, she would be twenty-one, and free to marry whomever she chose. Why should she have risked murder, when simple patience would have gained her her point? 
All the same, though—Julia had been very angry with her grandfather—and, moreover, Mr. Carswell had been the surgeon called in to attend at her grandfather’s deathbed. Susanna hated herself for even allowing a suspicion of the young doctor to enter her head—but she supposed the question had better be asked. 
“I understand it was Mr. Carswell who was called in when my grandfather fell down the stairs?”
Julia nodded. “Yes—and it was just as well Grandfather never regained consciousness—he’d never have stood for Will treating him otherwise. Will had come up to treat him once before—my grandfather had had one of his heart attacks, and my mother got frightened and called Will. And sick as my grandfather was, he nearly had a fit when they brought Will into his room. Stood right up in bed and shouted at them to get that man out of the house—that was the sort of man he was. He’d have burst a blood vessel if he’d known Will was the one attending him after he fell down the stairs. Anyway, though, there was nothing Will could do—he only lived a few hours after we found him.” 
“I see.” Susanna gave an inward sigh. As far as she could see, she hadn’t made any progress at all towards eliminating any of the suspects. Apart from her own personal likings and biases, there was nothing to show one person more likely to be guilty than another.
Before long, they had reached the gray stone rectory and were turning in at the gate. 
On the doorstep, they found Caroline Ward, dressed in her outdoor things, just drawing on her gloves preparatory to setting out. Her mission, it appeared, was to call on some of the poorer members of the village and do what she could to scold and bully them into prosperity. 
“There are the Harmers—and the Goddards,” Caroline said, in a tone of voice that made Susanna, at least, heartily sorry for the families slated to be the recipients of her aunt Caroline’s ministrations. “Really, the number of people who allow themselves to exist under conditions that any civilized person must find deplorable is appalling.”
Susanna raised her eyebrows. “Allow themselves?”  
“They wouldn’t be poor if they weren’t congenitally lazy,” her aunt snapped. “I’ve no patience with such nonsense. I’ll not have the poor of this parish coddled and cosseted—they must be made to find some means of gainful employment.”
Susanna opened her mouth, then bit back the sharp reply that rose to her lips. After all, quarreling with Caroline would hardly do anyone any good—and she would certainly not succeed in changing her aunt’s opinion on the matter. 
“Is Uncle Henry about?” Julia asked after a moment’s pause. “You know he asked me to call round at the parsonage to discuss the arrangements for the schoolchildren’s fete.”
Caroline nodded. “He’s in, yes. He is in his study. At work on his sermon.” Or, at any rate, he had better be, her voice implied. “You may go in to him now if you do not take up too much of his time. He has a very great deal to do.” 
“Yes, Aunt Caroline,” Julia agreed meekly.
Her aunt departed, leaving the two girls to exchange long, knowing looks. “Poor Uncle Henry,” Julia said at last. “I wonder whether he ever has a moment to call his own. I should think she decides how every minute of the day should be spent for him—from the time he gets up in the morning.” 
Susanna nodded. “She’s certainly a very forceful personality. But Henry needn’t have married her if he didn’t want to, surely.” 
“Don’t be too sure—she probably decided that for him, as well,” was Julia’s irreverent reply.
They knocked on the door and were informed by the servant who opened the door that Dr. Ward was in his study. 
“That’s all right, Davis—we’ll find our own way—you needn’t bother to announce us.”
Julia led the way along a narrow, low-ceilinged passage to the back of the house, and opened a door on the right. 
Henry Ward’s study was a small, sparsely furnished apartment, with a well-worn brown carpet covering the floor and shelves ranged around the walls. Henry Ward was seated, pen in hand, at a massive oak desk that stood in one corner, and he looked up with a start at their entrance, and hastily pushed whatever he had been working on under a sheaf of papers on the desk. 
“Really, my dear Julia.” The high, reedy voice was sharp with irritation. “I have told you before that I like people to knock before they enter my study. Particularly when I am at work on something important.”
“Sorry, Uncle Henry.” Julia was quite unrepentant. “I came about the children’s fete—it’s in August, you know, so we’d better be making sure all the arrangements are made.”
Henry’s brows drew together in a slight frown. “What’s that? The fete? Oh, very well. I suppose we had better discuss the matter. Though really, this is a most inconvenient time. If you could come back …” 
“It won’t take long, Uncle,” Julia assured him. “Just five minutes—more or less.”
They had approached the desk, and now Susanna thought she saw the reason for Henry Ward’s embarrassment. He had pushed the document he had been studying beneath a pile of loose papers, but enough protruded for Susanna to make out some of the words. It was written on a crumbling roll of vellum, in what looked to be old French, or some other equally ancient language. It was definitely not, at any rate, the beginnings of a sermon. Susanna smothered a smile. It was not, in all likelihood, very often that the eagle eye of his wife was removed—he must seize every opportunity for a covert perusal of some centuries-old work of literature. 
“I have the list of people to be invited here”—he drew out a sheet of paper from a drawer. “If you will just copy them down, we can see about issuing the invitations and making the proper announcements.”
“Yes—thank you, Uncle.” Julia took the paper, and, seating herself at one of the side tables, began to copy out the long list of names presented.
“Is that one of your famous old manuscripts?” Susanna gestured to the half-hidden paper still lying on the desk.
She had hoped by the inquiry to do what she could to reconcile Henry Ward to their intrusion—to offer him, perhaps, a measure of sympathy, but he appeared rather more embarrassed—and annoyed—than anything else. A flush mantled his thin cheeks, and he gave a dry, awkward little cough before replying. “Er … yes, that’s right. It arrived by post just this morning. An extremely rare twelfth-century copy of a Latin Psalm.” 
“Oh—may I see it? I learnt to read Latin—a little. And I love old books myself.”
She had stretched out a hand to take the paper, but Henry Ward snatched it away before she could touch it. 
“I’m afraid it’s extremely fragile,” he snapped. “I’m afraid I can’t allow anyone beside myself to touch it.”
“Oh.” Susanna was a little taken aback. “Yes, of course. I quite understand.”
There was a silence, and, to smooth over the awkward moment, she said the first thing that came into her head. 
“What a lovely collection of books.” She looked around. “You must have been collecting for a great many years.”
Henry nodded. “Yes, I believe I may say that I have acquired a library of some small value,” he said. “It is the result of many years of careful research and study.” 
“And you’ve lived here all that time?” Susanna asked.
Henry nodded again. “Twenty-three years, to be precise. Ever since I was first ordained as a minister.” 
“You must have been a very young man when you were ordained,” Susanna said.
“I suppose I was. My father had always intended me for the Church—he meant me to become a clergyman ever since I was a small boy. The living of this parish was in his power to bestow, and it happened to fall open when I had nearly done with my studies. My father had always intended that I should become the vicar here—and really, it seemed too good an opportunity to be missed.”
“Your father had intended?” Susanna repeated. “Weren’t you given any choice in the matter?”
A muscle at the corner of Henry’s mouth twitched, but his voice held only mild surprise when he replied. “I? But what objection could I have had?” He paused, then added, “I believe I did have some absurd notion when I was young—some idea of becoming a soldier. But I see now that it wouldn’t have done at all. No, I was quite happy to fall in with my father’s wishes and accept the position of vicar here.” 
“I see.”
But there was a tightening of the thin lips, an odd, dully smoldering look in the colorless gray eyes that made Susanna wonder, for an instant, how happy Henry had really been to accede to his father’s plans for him, and what it had cost him, all those years ago, to give up his dream of soldiering. Susanna suppressed a further surge of resentment for the grandfather she’d never known. Was there any member of his family he hadn’t tried to bully and make to bend to his lightest command? 
She studied the thin, bowed-shouldered form of her uncle with more compassion than she had ever felt for him before. Henry was right, of course—he wouldn’t have done at all for a soldier. And he was the very image of the dry, intellectual scholar, perhaps quite content to grow old among his books and manuscripts. It might even be that everything had worked out for the best this way. 
“Yes, a fine collection of books,” her uncle was saying. His mouth tightened once more as he added, “Caroline doesn’t approve, of course. She considers such things a waste of time and money.”
“But surely,” Susanna said, “you can afford to indulge yourself now? My grandfather must have left you something under his will?” Then, as the corner’s of her uncle’s mouth tightened in annoyance, she added quickly, “I’m sorry—that was terribly impertinent of me. It’s a bad habit of mine—speaking without thinking. Please—forget I said anything.”
Her uncle drew his brows together in a frown. “One should always think first. A little caution—a moment for consideration—saves a good deal of trouble one way and another. But I suppose there is no reason why you should not know the terms of my father’s will. Since you ask, no, I did not inherit anything on his death. He had always made it perfectly plain that I was to expect no legacy from him. He considered that the gift of this house—and my position here as vicar—was my inheritance from him.” 
“I see.” Well, her impertinence had gained her one important fact, Susanna reflected. She now knew that Henry and Caroline Ward could have had no motive—no financial motive, at least, for wishing her grandfather killed.
Susanna glanced round at the musty, calf-bound volumes that lined the walls. The title of one volume, “A History of Local Customs and Traditions of Rural Kent,” caught her eye. 
“You must know a great deal of the local history of these parts,” she said.
Henry inclined his head. “My studies have been general—and widely varied. But yes, I believe I may lay claim to a certain degree of familiarity with local legends and customs.” 
“I wonder, then,” Susanna asked on impulse, “if you can tell me anything about the smuggling that goes on in this area. You must know a great deal about such things.”
“I?” She had thought her uncle Henry had been warming to her a trifle, but now her question seemed to have offended him. His cheeks flushed red once more, and he looked affronted. “Really, Susanna, I must say I consider such a remark in the worst possible taste. What should I know about the doings of a band of thieves and outlaws?”
“I’m sorry, Uncle—I didn’t mean that. I only meant that you must know a great deal about the local history of these parts—and I understand that the smuggling has been going on for centuries.”
Henry looked a trifle mollified. “Yes—yes, that’s true. I have made it my business to learn what I can of the local history and traditions. As to the smuggling, though …” 
He broke off, then, for Julia had raised her head from her work and was standing up. “I’ve finished. Thank you, Uncle Henry.” She handed the sheet of paper back to him, and tucked the copied list into her reticule. “Are you ready to go, Susanna? We’ve some shopping to do in the town,” she added, by way of explanation. “And we ought to be getting along there if we want to be back at the Hall in good time.” 
Susanna declared herself quite ready to go, and, with a final goodbye, they departed, leaving Henry to return to his study of the Latin Psalm. 


Chapter 16
Ford’s millinery, in the high street of the little town, proved to be a quaint, half-timbered building with a neat red awning and goods of all kinds—gloves, ribbons, umbrellas, bolts of fabric, and flowers for trimming bonnets—arranged in colorful profusion in a bow-fronted shop window. 
The attendant, a thin, balding man with a long, bony face and a lugubrious manner, greeted them as they came in, and asked what he could do to help them. 
Their errand was quickly explained, and the man brightened a trifle. 
“Ah, yes. I see. Well, I’m sure we can find something here to catch a young lady’s fancy.” He began drawing out velvet-covered trays from glass cases. “What sort of thing did you have in mind?”
Julia was soon deep in examination of a tray of lady’s gloves, and Susanna was left to pore, delighted, over the array of goods presented—rings, brooches, necklaces, tufts of feathers, bunches of purple grapes and shining strawberries, made of silk and stuffed for the adornment of hats. 
Julia’s choice was made, and she joined her cousin at the counter. “Have you decided on something yet?” 
Susanna laughed ruefully. “I’ve decided on at least ten different things so far—I shall never make up my mind if I go on this way.” 
“Well, what have you been looking at?” Julia glanced quickly over the various articles spread out across the counter, and then, her eye lighting on a square of folded fabric pushed off to one side, she picked it up.
“What about this? It’s lovely—and it would just suit your coloring.”
The article in question was a shawl, woven in rich blues and greens in an intricate paisley design, with a deep band of silken fringe dripping from the border. 
Susanna laughed again. “I’m afraid you’ve hit unerringly on the one thing I was determined not to be tempted by. It is lovely—but it’s much, much too expensive a gift for me to ask Uncle Charles to buy.”
“Nonsense.” Julia spoke briskly. “He adores giving people gifts—and he won’t think the shawl half enough. Depend on it, if this is all you pick out, he’ll send you back here with firm orders to pick out something else.”
“Well …” Susanna wavered. She had had nothing of this quality in a long time—and no shawl at all since her last one had perished so ignominiously at the hands of Isabella and Edward.
“We’ll take the shawl—and these gloves,” Julia said with decision. “Charge them to my uncle’s account, please. And would you mind making them up into a parcel? We’ve got to carry them back with us.”
“An excellent choice, if I may say so, miss.” The clerk spoke with mournful approval. “If you will just wait a moment.”
He gathered up shawl and gloves and departed with them through a door leading into the rear of the shop. 
Susanna had opened her mouth to protest, but now closed it again. The shawl was lovely—she would wear it and enjoy it. It was the first pretty thing of her own she had had in some time. 
Their purchases were wrapped in brown paper and tied with string into a parcel, and they departed back towards Rutherford Hall once more. They had branched off the main road and were making their way along a little lane that led around back to the Rutherford gates, when they chanced to see Caroline Ward, standing at the door of a tiny, run-down looking thatched cottage that stood set back a little distance from the road in a square of bedraggled garden. She looked, even from a distance, to be very angry indeed. 
She appeared to have been knocking at the door, and now raised her hand to deliver another smart buffet to the woodwork. 
“Hello, Aunt Caroline,” Julia called out.
Caroline turned at the sound of their voices and came down the short walkway to join them in the lane. Her square-jawed face was flushed with anger and her jaw was working convulsively. 
Before either Julia or Susanna could speak, her eye had lighted on their parcels, she asked, in a tone of heavy disapproval, “Have you been shopping, Julia?” 
Julia nodded. “Yes, Aunt Caroline. I needed a new pair of gloves.”
Her aunt sniffed expressively. “You young girls today are far too inclined, in my opinion, to rush out and buy something new the moment a thing wears out. I dare say your old gloves would have done for another season or two—gloves can perfectly well be mended, you know.”  
“Yes, of course,” Susanna said with a smile, “but I had some shopping to do as well, and this gave us an excuse to go into town. My uncle very kindly offered to buy me a present, and asked me to pick something out at Ford’s.”
She had already decided that, since her aunt would hear of Sir Charles’ gift in any case, she might as well put a bold face on the affair. 
Her aunt’s reaction was all she could have expected. “Indeed?” Caroline Ward raised her eyebrows. 
“Yes, indeed.” Susanna still smiled. “And Julia helped me to pick out a lovely shawl. Wasn’t it kind of my uncle?”
This bold effrontery seemed to leave Caroline Ward momentarily without speech. Before she could summon up a sufficiently crushing reply, Julia had interrupted. 
“Who are you calling on here, Aunt? Isn’t there anyone at home?”
“Anyone at home?” She sniffed. “Oh, yes, I make no doubt they’re home, all right. Hiding in there waiting until I go away, as like as not.”
“I don’t—” Susanna began.
“I try to do my duty—to offer guidance and instruction—and this is the thanks I get.” Caroline Ward’s nostrils flared, and she positively quivered with righteous indignation. “They’re ashamed to come out and face me—ashamed at what I shall say to them, that’s what.”
Susanna exchanged a look with her cousin. “I still don’t see—” she began. 
Caroline Ward breathed heavily. “I came here,” she began, “to offer some means of gainful employment to the family here—who, I may say, exist in the most deplorable state of poverty. And what happens? I am denied entrance—though I know perfectly well they’re at home.” 
Susanna happened, at that moment, to glance towards the cottage, where a violent agitation of the curtains in one of the windows betokened the truth of her aunt’s words. 
“And this isn’t the first time such a thing has happened, either,” her aunt went on. “Well, if the poor like to laze about in sloth and wickedness, they must simply reap the rewards of idleness. I wash my hands of them.”
And, so saying, she marched off down the lane, her head held high and her carriage erect as any soldier’s. 
Susanna and Julia looked at one another for a long moment, and then both girls began to laugh. 
“Poor Aunt Caroline,” Julia gasped. “Was ever anyone so hampered from doing a simple act of charity?”
Susanna laughed again, then sobered. “I shouldn’t laugh, I suppose. I mean to say, it’s funny—but it’s rather horrible, too, isn’t it? Just think of all the good she might do in the parish if she went about it differently.” 
Julia nodded. “Yes, I know. I don’t blame the poor families one bit for not letting her into their houses—I’d feel just the same, in their place. As if they haven’t trouble enough without Aunt Caroline coming in and bossing them all within an inch of their lives.” 
“Or telling them that they wouldn’t be poor if only they weren’t so lazy.” Susanna’s voice was heavy with irony.
“Yes, I know. But there’s no help for it, I suppose. She’ll never change.” Julia dismissed the matter of Aunt Caroline with a shrug. “Shall we go? I suppose we ought to be getting back to the Hall.”
“In a minute.” Susanna could not have told why, but all at once she was possessed of the impulse to call at the cottage her aunt had just left. “Would you mind if we try our luck here?”
Julia looked faintly surprised. “No, of course not. I shouldn’t think you’ll have much luck, though. They’re likely to think it’s Aunt Caroline come back and not open the door.” 
They ascended to the front step, and Susanna tapped lightly on the door. There was a pause, and Susanna asked, “Do you know who it is who lives here?” 
“A family by the name of Harmer, I think. The mother’s a widow—and I think there are two or three children.”
She stopped, for, at that moment, a crack appeared in the doorway, and an eye appeared, peering cautiously out at them. 
“It’s all right,” Susanna told the eye. “She’s long gone. We’re not hiding Mrs. Ward behind our skirts, I promise.”
The door opened a little wider at that, revealing a small boy, perhaps nine or ten years of age, with a round, cheerfully impudent face, a pair of wide blue eyes, and a crown of thick, russet-color curls. 
“Why—I remember you,” Susanna exclaimed. “We met yesterday—at the inn. Yours was that lovely dog—Jep, didn’t you say his name was?”
The boy looked pleased at her recollection, and he ducked his head. “That’s right, miss. Took a rare fancy to you, Jep did.” 
“And do you live here?” Susanna asked.
The boy ducked his head again. “That’s right, miss.” 
At that moment, a woman’s voice, coming from the room within, interrupted them. “Who is it, Tom? Who is that you’re talking to? I thought I told you not to open the door.” 
“It’s all right, Mum—it’s not old Busy Lizzy.”
Susanna choked back a laugh at this reference to her aunt, and the boy went on innocently, “It’s a young lady. Miss Julia from up at the Hall, and another one.” 
“Is that your mother?” Susanna asked. “Do you think we might speak with her for a moment?”
The boy looked at them, a look of oddly adult consideration in his round blue eyes, then seemed to make up his mind. “If you like, miss. Mum’s not feeling too clever just now.” 
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Susanna said. “Well, we’ll not stay long—and she need only tell us if we’re tiring her too much.”
The boy nodded. “Come in, miss.” 
He opened the door, and Susanna and Julia stepped through into the tiny chamber within. The room was dark after the sunlight outside, and Susanna had to blink once or twice before her eyes were accustomed enough to the dimness to see clearly. The room was very small, perhaps some ten feet square, and all but bare of furniture. A rough wooden table stood in the center of the room, with a plate and the remains of a stale loaf of bread sitting atop, and an iron cook pot hung on a chain over the fireplace in the far wall.  
Against the wall to the right was a kind of rough bed, no more than a plank-built frame with a straw mattress for cover, and on it lay a woman, her face at first no more than a pale, blurred oval in the surrounding dark. 
She sat up a little at their entrance. “Who is it, Tom?” She asked again. She had a high, sweet, exhausted voice, and spoke almost as though the effort were too much for her. “Who—” The words were cut off by a spasm of harsh coughing, and when it was over, the woman lay back, spent, against the bed. 
Tom moved quickly to her side. “It’s Miss Julia from up at the Hall, Mum. And—” 
“And I’m Susanna Ward,” Susanna put in, coming forward. “I’m Julia’s cousin—Sir Charles’ niece.” She stepped forward and bent to hold her hand out to the woman in the bed. “You must be Mrs. Harmer.”
After a moment’s hesitation, the woman extended her own hand, and Susanna noticed, as she took it, how painfully thin the woman was—the fingers felt no more than a fragile bunch of twigs, bound together with a layer of hot, dry skin. 
She pressed the woman’s hand gently, then impulsively knelt down at the bedside. “We came to see if there was anything we could do to help you,” she said. 
“Help me?” A wracking fit of coughing interrupted the woman, seeming to tear at her lungs, so that her whole body shook with each spasm.
She was younger than Susanna had first supposed. Now that her eyes had adjusted to the dark, she saw that the woman could not be more than thirty. She might, Susanna thought, have been very pretty once. She had small, delicately traced features and her son’s cornflower blue eyes, though those were sunken deep in their sockets and ringed by dark purple stains that stood out like bruises against the fair skin. They looked out on the world equally without hope and without fear; one would have said almost without life. Only her hair seemed alive. It spilled out from beneath her crumpled white cap, the same radiant russet red as her son’s, with the shine and brilliancy of vitality and youth. 
“Help me?” She repeated. Her tone was flat, expressionless.
“Yes—if you’ll let us.”
The woman continued to regard Susanna with those quiet, hopeless eyes. Before she could speak, though, they were interrupted by the thin wail of a baby’s cry, and Susanna noticed for the first time a rough wooden cradle that stood at the end of the bed. 
“Tom—the baby,” his mother said faintly.
Instantly, her son moved to obey. He went to the cradle and, with a deft, sure movement that brought a blur of tears to Susanna’s eyes, he picked up the infant from its crib and brought it to its mother. 
She took the infant from him, cradling it against her breast, the baby’s head downy and golden against the rough wool of her dress. In its mother’s arms, the baby quieted, and its mother leaned back once more against the pillows and closed her eyes, exhausted by even this small effort. 
“We won’t stay any longer,” Susanna said quickly. “I can see you need to rest. But we’ll come back soon, I promise.”
The woman might have been asleep, for there was no answering flicker of her eyes, no movement of the thin, pale face. Susanna rose, and, softly, turned to lead the way back outside. 
On the doorstep, she paused, and turned back. Tom had followed them to the door, and now stood, one hand resting on the lintel, looking up into Susanna’s face with a heart-breakingly adult expression in his round eyes. 
“Don’t worry about Mum,” he said sturdily. “She’s got me to look after her.”
Susanna blinked back the tears that rose once more to her eyes, and touched the boy’s shoulder lightly. “Yes—I’m sure she has.” 
Tom’s face was suddenly anxious. “You won’t tell old Busy Lizzy—I mean, Mrs. Ward—that we was home after all, will you?” 
Susanna smiled faintly. “No—your secret is safe with us.” 
Tom looked relieved. “Well, that’s all right, then.” His mouth twisted in a scowl. “Always comin’ here, bossing us about—telling Mum she did ought to keep an eye on me and not let me go roamin’ about all over the countryside. As if I need a nursery maid,” he added scornfully. “And always wantin’ to drag me off to some job or other—saying she could see me app… appr…” 
“Apprenticed?” Susanna suggested.
Tom nodded. “That’s it—apprenticed to some mill or other.” 
“A mill?” Susanna gave a little gasp of dismay. Orphans and the children of the poor were, she knew, bound with or without their consent to work in the cotton mills that had sprung up in recent years across the countryside. Once a child was apprenticed, he was bound legally to remain in service to the mill until he was twenty-one—or until the working conditions, overcrowded, ill-lit, ill-ventilated rooms, twelve-hour shifts, and frequently dangerous equipment put an end to the misery of his small existence. To think of such things happening to a child—any child—was terrible. To think of them happening to the square, sturdy young boy before her was intolerable.
“As if I’d ever leave Mum,” Tom was saying.
“Tom”—Susanna was seized by a sudden idea. “What if we could find you a job that didn’t mean you had to leave your mother? There’s an opening for a gardener up at the Hall”—she spared a fleeting thought of sorrow for poor old Jeremy Franklin’s death—“And perhaps I could persuade my uncle into giving you a chance at the job.”
Tom was chewing his lip dubiously. “It’s kind of you, miss. But I don’t think it would do.” 
“But why not? You’d like the work, I think—and my uncle’s very kind.”
Tom ducked his head and looked embarrassed. “Just wouldn’t do, miss. That’s all.” 
“But you must have some way of earning a living,” Susanna protested. “How will your family get on?”
Tom’s eyes slid away from hers. “Reckon we’ll manage,” he muttered. 
“But how?” Susanna pressed. “How will you manage?”
Tom looked evasive. “One way and another.” He looked up into her face, then, and said awkwardly, “Don’t worry, miss. We’ll be all right.” 
“Well, you can think it over, at any rate,” Susanna said gently. “If you do decide you’d like the job, send word to me up at the Hall, and I’ll speak with my uncle.”
Tom nodded. “All right, miss.” 
At that moment, an immense, furry black and white form bounded around the side of the house, nearly knocking Susanna to the ground and breaking the tension of the moment. 
“Hello, Jep.” Susanna laughed and fondled the big head affectionately. “You’ve not forgotten me, I see.”
“He never forgets them as is his friends,” Tom said proudly.
This was echoed by an ecstatic whine and a frantic wagging of the tail from Jep, and Susanna laughed again. 
“No, I can see that,” she said. “I’m sure he’s as faithful an ally as anyone could want.” She gave the dog another pat, and then added, “We’d best be going now—but you will think over what I’ve said, won’t you Tom?”
Tom nodded. “Yes, miss. And don’t worry about Mum,” he said again. “I’ll look after her.” 
Then, just for a moment, the confidence in the blue eyes wavered, and he added, “She will get well again, won’t she?” 
And suddenly, his eyes were not those of an adult at all, but a small, rather frightened boy. 
Susanna knelt and kissed his cheek impulsively. “Yes—she will if I have anything to say about it,” she promised. 
They took their leave and departed, resuming their course along the dusty lane. As they walked away, Susanna glanced back over her shoulder and saw that Tom was still standing on the doorstep watching them, a gallant, sturdy little figure, shoulders squared, head thrown back. He raised his hand in a final farewell as she turned, and she waved back. 
“That poor, poor woman,” Julia said beside her. “I knew she was left badly off when her husband died, but I had not a notion things were so bad for her as that.”
“I wish I could have persuaded Tom to accept the offer of the job,” Susanna said, “I’m sure Uncle Charles wouldn’t have objected.”
“No—it was queer, that,” her cousin replied. “I wonder why he wouldn’t.”
Susanna shook her head. “I don’t know. But I do mean to do something to help them—we can’t just leave them like that—or let Aunt Caroline send Tom off to one of the mills.” 
“But what can we do?”
“I don’t know—not yet, that is,” Susanna admitted. “But I mean to think of something. Would Mr. Carswell call on her if we asked him, do you think? She ought to have that cough looked at by a doctor.”
“Oh, yes—we could do that, of course.” Julia nodded and brightened. “I’m sure Will would agree to see her—and he wouldn’t bother about any fee. I’ll speak to him about it next time I see him.”
“Good. And I’ll speak to my uncle about letting Tom have the job of gardener. He’d be too young for the really heavy work, of course, but he might help out all the same. I’ll talk to Uncle Charles, anyway. Perhaps we can persuade Tom into accepting the offer yet.”


Chapter 17
Busy with plans, they arrived back at Rutherford Hall and parted in the hallway, Susanna to slip upstairs to drop the parcel containing her new shawl in her room. 
Once there, she could not resist untying the strings of the package and taking out the shawl, smoothing out the folds lovingly against the spread of the bed. It had been very, very kind of Uncle Charles—she must remember to thank him adequately when next she saw him. She would wear it to dinner tonight, with her white dress. True, it had seen nearly three years of service—but the shawl would cover up the worst of the worn patches. 
How kind Uncle Charles had been. And it was not only the gift which had so touched her—it was the sense of having come home. Of having a family of her own, at last. She thought suddenly of Tom Harmer and his little brothers and sister. What right had she to enjoy such riches when there was so much misery just a short way away? 
And if she were right, Tom was supporting his family by working for the smugglers—for Captain Clark’s gang. Susanna felt suddenly afraid for the boy. With Colonel Price bent on catching Captain Clark and his men, Tom could be caught and arrested at any time. And even children as young as Tom could be tried—and executed—for far pettier crimes. She would speak to Captain Clark about Tom. If she ever saw the smuggler again, that is. 
Susanna descended the stairs once more, and was informed by a deferential young footmen that she would find Mrs. Lovecraft and her daughter in the morning room. 
She found, on entering, that the room contained not only her aunt and cousin, but Colonel Price, as well. Despite the busy events of the morning, the thought of her last night’s adventure—and of the smuggler, Captain Clark, had been at the back of her mind, never far from her thoughts. Now, the sight of the colonel recalled to the forefront the question of the hunt for the smuggler—at last, she might learn the outcome of last night’s raids. 
She must, she told herself, have surely heard by this time, if there had been any news—if Captain Clark had been captured. But all the same, she felt a cold quiver of apprehension as she seated herself next to the colonel. 
Julia and her mother were at the far end of the room, busy with needlework, and Susanna began at once. 
“Had you any luck last night, Colonel? Did your men succeed in capturing any of the smugglers?”
Colonel Price shook his head. “No—couldn’t lay hand on a single one of ‘em.” He gave a dissatisfied grunt. “Beats me how they do it—if I didn’t know better, I’d say the fellow was invisible. Seems to move about the cliffs as free as you please, and nothing my men can do to stop him.” 
Before Susanna could ask anything more, the door opened again and the footman announced the arrival of Henry and Caroline, and Colonel Price rose to greet them. 
Sophia, looking distinctly put out, set her needlework aside and rose, as well. “If you and Henry intend to stay, Caroline, I’ll just go to the kitchen and tell Mrs. Nichols that there will be two more for dinner,” she said.
She shot her sister-in-law a slightly resentful glance. “You know what a fuss she gets into if there are unexpected guests. And we’re expecting one other addition to the party, as well.” 
Julia glanced up from her sewing at that. “Really? Who else is coming?” 
Sophia gave a small, contented smile. “Lord Ravenwood has said he will join us.” 
Caroline sniffed. “You always were a fool where men are concerned, Sophia.” 
Sophia Lovecraft’s face hardened, and she gave a brittle little laugh. “Dear Caroline. So honest and forthright, always. What should we do without you, dear? And now,” she added, “I really must go and speak with Mrs. Nichols, or she will be quite out of patience with me for springing two extra dinner guests on her at the last minute.” 
“And I shall go with you,” Caroline announced. “It’s my belief, Sophia, that you allow your servants a good deal too much free rein. I should be glad of a word with your Mrs. Nichols. In my opinion, she is inclined to be a good deal too free with the butter and eggs.”
When the door had closed behind them, Colonel Price gave a disparaging grunt. “Women.” Then, recollecting Henry’s presence, he turned quickly, his face reddening a trifle. 
“Beg your pardon, I’m sure, Henry. That is … I didn’t mean. Excellent woman, your wife, I’m sure.”
Henry Ward replied with a slight inclination of his head, and Susanna wondered, not for the first time, what her uncle really felt about his wife. His face was as coldly expressionless as ever, and certainly he gave no sign that he resented the colonel’s slight. Instead, he changed the subject. 
“And how, Colonel, do you progress in your task of rounding up the smugglers?” he asked.
The colonel grunted. “Damn slowly, I don’t mind telling you. Damn slowly.” 
“Indeed?” Henry pursed his lips. “That is most unfortunate.”
Colonel Price gave another grunt of assent. “Unfortunate’s the word for it. Particularly as there’s so much at stake in rounding up the gang. Matter of national security, now.” 
Susanna had taken a chair opposite the two men, and now interrupted sharply. “National security?” she repeated. “What do you mean?” 
Colonel Price leaned back in his chair.  
“Why, on account of the war, m’dear. Old Bonaparte’s agents use the smugglers to carry messages back and forth to France. Information on our troop movements … private documents purloined from the Admiralty … they’re all slipped across the channel along with the smuggler’s brandy and tobacco.”
For a moment, Susanna could only stare at the colonel, aghast. “Do you mean to say that the smugglers are traitors? Working for Napoleon?” 
“Traitor’s the word.” Colonel Price’s face was angry. “Turning against their country for the sake of a few quick gold pieces. It’s a filthy, disgraceful business—but it happens. Information about our troop movements is pouring out of this country as fast as French brandy is pouring in. It’ll cost us the war if we’re not careful.”
Susanna felt the blood draining away from her face. So that explained it. She had wondered, all along, why a man like Captain Clark was involved in the smuggling business. He was so far from the usual, small-time runner of brandy and other smuggled goods. But this explained everything. He was not only a smuggler … he was a spy, as well, making a fortune out of the betrayal of his country. 
Anger bubbled up in her like sickness. Anger for Captain Clark, for his treachery—and with herself, for having trusted him so far. She scarcely heard the colonel’s next words, but when she looked up, she found Henry’s gray eyes fixed on her face with a keen, penetrating stare. 
Instantly, she felt her cheeks flushing. Had she betrayed herself? Done anything to give her secret away? 
Colonel Price, too, was looking at her with some concern. “Don’t upset yourself, my dear. Nothing that need concern you. You just leave the smugglers to those of us who are accustomed to dealing with them. Isn’t that right, Henry? Can’t expect a pretty young lady like you to know anything of a lot of traitors and criminals, eh?” 
After a long moment, Henry turned to Colonel Price with another of those dry coughs. “Quite right, Colonel, quite right.” 
He excused himself soon after, saying that he would look for Sir Charles, as there was some parish business he wished to discuss, and the colonel rose to accompany him out. Susanna was too dazed with shock to do anything but sit, staring before her with unseeing eyes. 
It was not until Julia addressed her that she looked up with a start. 
“We’d better see about dressing for dinner, Susanna. It’s nearly time.”
“What? Oh, yes—yes, of course.” Susanna recollected herself quickly and followed her cousin out of the room. Somehow, the evening would have to be got through, despite the shock and horror of what she had just learned.
She parted from her cousin in the hall upstairs and opened the door to her room, then paused in surprise. 
There was something hanging from the frame of the big four-poster bed—a length of some material or other. Surely she hadn’t— 
She caught her breath in a gasp. It was no mere length of fabric that hung from the frame of the bed. It was her new shawl. And it had been twisted into the grotesque shape of a noose. 


Chapter 18
For a moment she stood stock-still in the doorway, staring stupidly at the grisly thing hanging from her bed. Someone must have crept into her room while she was downstairs and played her this cruel trick. But who should have done such a thing? And why? All at once, Captain Clark’s warning came back to her. There could be danger, he had said. Was this what he had referred to? 
All at once, Susanna found she was shaking. Someone in Rutherford Hall—the household that just a few short hours before had seemed so homelike and welcoming—had wanted to frighten her. To frighten her … and perhaps to warn her, as well. But—again the question beat in her brain—why? 
There was no knowing. And the one person who might have told her, the only one she might have trusted, was now exposed as a liar and a traitor to his country. 
For a moment, Susanna was possessed of a sudden, cowardly urge to run away—to flee Rutherford Hall on the next coach. Then her spirit reasserted itself, and somewhere deep within her was kindled a slow, warming spark of anger. Gradually, her courage ebbed back into her. 
She had found a family at last—and she wouldn’t allow Captain Clark or anyone else to frighten her into giving it up. With one swift movement, she jerked the swaying shawl down from the bed frame and shook it once more into its proper shape. She would wear it tonight—this very evening—and show whoever had done this that she was not to be intimidated by a low, cowardly trick. 
And what was more, she was going to discover who the culprit had been. She crossed to the mantle and rang the bell, and a few moments later, Rose, the second housemaid, appeared. Her plump, childish face appeared slightly nervous and her fingers were pleating her apron into folds. 
“I’m sorry, miss—I didn’t mean to be late, miss. I ought to have been waiting to help you get changed, I know, but I got to talking to Annie in the kitchen, and …”
“It’s all right, Rose—don’t apologize,” Susanna said quickly. “There’s plenty of time for me to change before dinner, and you’ve a perfect right to talk to your friends in the kitchen if you want to.”
Rose bobbed a curtsy. “Yes, miss. Thank you, miss. I did lay out your evening things, miss. I put out the same dress you wore last night—I hope it’ll do?” 
“Yes, perfectly.” Susanna smiled reassurance, then added, as casually as she could, “when was this you laid out my things?”
Rose looked a little surprised. “Why, I came up at about four o’clock, miss, and got them all ready. And then, seeing as how I didn’t think you’d be coming up to change for a good bit, I thought I’d just slip along to the kitchen and have a word with Annie.” 
“I see.” Susanna glanced at the clock on the mantle. Ten minutes to five. And Rose had been in the room until—when? A quarter after four, perhaps? Twenty past at the outside. That left a good half hour during which anyone might have slipped into the room unobserved to play the trick with her shawl.
“And did you notice my shawl while you were here?” She asked. “I left it lying on the bed.”
“Oh, yes, miss. Ever so pretty, it is, miss.”
“You didn’t—move it, or anything, did you?”
Rose’s round blue eyes widened. “Oh, no, miss. I just left it where it was, lying on the bed.” 
Susanna nodded and began to get changed. With Rose’s help, she slipped out of the yellow muslin and into her white evening dress. Then, as Rose did the buttons up the back, she asked, “Rose, did you see any of the family upstairs? After you’d laid my things out, I mean?” 
But Rose only shook her head. “No, miss. I didn’t see any of the family, miss. Only Mrs. Lovecraft and Mrs. Ward— they come into the kitchen while I was there with Annie.” 
Susanna nodded. Yes, of course. Sophia and Caroline had both gone out to give orders to the cook. 
“All on account of his Lordship, Lord Ravenwood is coming to dinner tonight,” Rose went on. “You should have seen Mrs. Lovecraft. Carrying on about how Mrs. Nichols mustn’t forget to put salt in the soup, and the mutton mustn’t be roasted too long, and she must take care to make sure the venison was an extra fat haunch. I thought Mrs. Nichols was like to hit her by the time she’d done.”
In spite of herself, Susanna smiled at the image of Mrs. Nichols towering over her aunt, brandishing a rolling pin. 
“And then there’s Mrs. Ward—just as bad as Mrs. Lovecraft, she is. Ever so persnickety. Always on at us servants about how to do our work properly. I tell you, miss, I wouldn’t be a servant in her house—not for fifty pounds, I wouldn’t. Why, she had a few of us girls up at the rectory to do some sewing for her last winter, and not one word would she let us talk. Stood over us the whole time we were there, reading the Bible out loud. Said she had a duty to improve our minds. Well, it’s like I told Annie, I’m quite happy with my mind the way it is, thank you—and if I did want it improved, it wouldn’t be Mrs. Ward I’d go to, I can tell you.”
Rose finished doing up the buttons, and, after making sure Susanna required nothing further, departed, leaving Susanna to think over what she had learned. It seemed that almost anyone in the house might have crept into her room and tampered with her shawl. Either Caroline or Sophia might have slipped upstairs after their visit to the kitchen. And Colonel Price and Henry had left the drawing room some time before Susanna had gone upstairs. As for Sir Charles, he might have been anywhere—she hadn’t seen him at all since her return. He might easily have gone into her room and … 
Susanna shivered. No, not Uncle Charles. Surely not kind, good-hearted Uncle Charles, who had welcomed her into his home and given her the shawl in the first place. But who, then? All the possibilities seemed equally absurd. 
The rest of the party were already assembled when Susanna made her entrance in the drawing room, the shawl wrapped around her shoulders. They were seated about the room in uncomfortable silence, and it was immediately apparent that Sophia Lovecraft was in a very bad temper indeed. Lord Ravenwood was not, after all, to favor them with his presence that evening. A message had arrived with one of his servants, begging to be excused from the engagement on the strength of a continuing indisposition. 
Sophia’s lips had tightened into a hard, thin line, and she looked for the moment every day of her age, despite the magnificent purple satin and heavy gold ornaments she had donned in Lord Ravenwood’s honor. 
“I call it most uncivil,” she was saying. Her voice was angry and brittle, without a trace of its usual sweetness. “Most uncivil indeed. He ought not to have formed the engagement if he meant only to cancel it—and at the last minute, in this really most inconsiderate way, when everything has been done and the food all prepared for his arrival. Well, I’m sure there’s no one here that wants him, if he doesn’t wish to come.”
It was not until the first course of haricot mutton and a fricassee of sweetbreads had been served that Susanna had a chance to put the plan she had formed into effect. 
“You haven’t yet admired your gift to me, Uncle Charles,” she began. “And I haven’t properly thanked you for it yet.”
Sir Charles looked up from his plate. “What’s that, my dear?” 
“This shawl,” Susanna explained. “I picked it out from Ford’s, as you said, to be your gift to me. I hope you approve?”
“Oh, I see.” Sir Charles beamed. “Yes—yes, indeed I do approve. Very pretty, my dear.”
His ruddy face was crinkled with pleasure, and Susanna breathed a sigh of relief. His delight seemed quite genuine. Surely it could not have been he who’d left that grim warning. 
She glanced round at the rest of the assembled faces, hoping to detect some involuntary reaction—something that might betray the guilty party. But there was nothing. Sophia was still angry, and stared straight ahead, eating little, while Julia’s eyes remained fixed on her plate. Beside her, Henry’s thin, ascetic face was coldly bored, while his wife looked—as might have been expected—plainly disapproving. 
“That was your uncle’s gift to you?” Caroline asked suspiciously.
“Yes—isn’t it lovely?”
Caroline sniffed. “It certainly ought to be, for the money he must have paid for it.” 
After dinner, when the party had assembled once more in the drawing room, Sir Charles rather diffidently proposed cards. Henry, as before, refused to play. 
“I have brought a new manuscript with me—one I’m particularly anxious to examine.”
“Really, Henry, I should think you might tear yourself away from your papers for an evening, at least,” his wife said reprovingly. “It is most uncivil of you to be forever burying your nose in some musty manuscript or other.”
Henry’s thin cheeks flushed faintly. “Really, my dear, I must protest. This newest manuscript is an extremely rare fragment of a fourteenth-century chronicle.” 
“The manuscript you received this morning?” Susanna asked. “I thought you said it was a copy of a Latin psalm.”
Henry’s look of annoyance deepened. “The chronicle contained a copy of a Latin psalm, yes. Chronicles like this one were invariably kept by residents of monastic houses, and they would naturally mix religious writings in with their narration of the yearly events. But at any rate, it is an extremely rare manuscript, and I assure you I was most fortunate to be able to acquire it.” 
“And at what cost, I should like to know?” Caroline demanded. “I’m sure our income isn’t so large that you can afford to squander money right and left in buying up a lot of old papers.”
Sir Charles cleared his throat uncomfortably. “You know, Caroline,” he began awkwardly, “that if you need money, you’ve only to say …” 
Caroline Ward’s brows drew together in a formidable frown. “I thank you, Charles,” she said frostily, “but we are not quite destitute, I assure you. Nor”—she shot a glance in Susanna’s direction—“are we reduced to begging a living off our more fortunate relations.” 
All in all, then, it was a relief when the evening at last drew to a close and Susanna was able to collect her candle from the footman in the hall and make her way upstairs to her own room. When Rose had helped her to undress and departed for the night, Susanna wrapped her dressing gown around herself and curled up in the cushioned seat by the window. 
She was thinking over the events of the evening, from finding her shawl to the conversations that had gone on at dinner. One of those she had sat at table with must have crept into her room and twisted her new shawl into the shape of a noose … but she still had no idea as to whom it could have been, or why the trick had been played. 
With a sigh, she climbed into bed and blew out the candle. After her nearly sleepless night the night before, Susanna was asleep almost at once, but she was jolted awake some hours later and sat up with a start, heart pounding, ears straining for whatever it was had awakened her. The room was pitch black, the house silent, and for a time the only sound audible was her own rapid breathing. 
But no … there it was again. A faint, but unmistakable sound of movement from the room below her own. Susanna calculated quickly. She was in the east wing of the house. Her room must be directly over Sir Charles’ study. But what could anyone be doing there, at this hour of the night? Impelled more by instinct than any conscious thought, Susanna slipped noiselessly out of bed and into her slippers and dressing gown, then crept quietly down the stairs. 
A ray of silvery moonlight, slanting through the big mullioned window at the head of the stairs fell across the landing and illumined the hall below in a faint, ghostly light. Her heart beating quickly, Susanna crept on tiptoe across the hall and into the passage. Here all was darkness, but a faint ray of yellow light showed from beneath the study door. She had been right, then. There was someone about. Cautiously, she approached the panel, and laid one ear against the wood. For a moment, she heard nothing but the drumming of her pulse in her own ears, but then, faint but unmistakable, came the sounds of stealthy movement from within. 
Susanna drew a deep breath, and turned the doorknob. A single candle, perched on one corner of her uncle’s desk, guttered in the breeze from an open window in the far wall, casting a faint golden pool about the center of the room while throwing the outskirts into a dancing tapestry of weirdly flickering shadows. The light was quite bright enough, though, to show Susanna the dim figure of a man, crouched over an open drawer, his dark head bent as he rummaged quickly through a stack of neatly-bound papers. 
He straightened up instantly at the sound of her entrance, and the light of the candle flame fell full on a lean, dark face. 
“You,” Susanna gasped.
A sound behind her made her start and turn round. Her uncle Charles had arrived at nearly the same time she did, and now stood squinting at her in some alarm, a green silk dressing gown knotted about his waist. 
“Susanna, my dear. Heard the noise and came down. Nothing wrong, I hope?”
Then his gaze went past Susanna to the man in the room beyond. “Why, Ravenwood. What on earth are you doing here at this time of night?” 


Chapter 19
“Lord Ravenwood,” Susanna repeated. She was too stunned to keep a guard on her tongue. “Do you mean this man is Lord Ravenwood?”
Sir Charles looked more confused than ever. “Certainly he’s Lord Ravenwood,” he said. “Did he tell you he was someone else?” 
Before Susanna could reply, Captain Clark—or rather, Lord Ravenwood—cut in smoothly. “I hadn’t quite gotten around to the business of introducing myself,” he replied with a smile. “I’m afraid I gave this young lady a bit of a fright. She heard me crashing about in here and took me for a burglar.” 
“A burglar!” Sir Charles chuckled heartily at that. “No need to worry about that, my dear.” He turned to the other man. “Ravenwood, may I present my niece, Miss Susanna Ward.”
Lord Ravenwood came forward gallantly, his eyes alight with mocking amusement. “I’m delighted to make your acquaintance, Miss Ward.” 
He bowed low over her hand. 
Susanna recovered herself. “And I yours, Lord Ravenwood. I’ve heard so much about you, that I really feel I know you already.” 
“But what are you doing here, my dear fellow?” Sir Charles asked.
Lord Ravenwood was still bent over Susanna’s hand, his face invisible, but Susanna caught the momentary tension in the fingers that gripped hers. There was a moment’s pause before he answered, straightening up and favoring her uncle with a disarming smile. 
“I’m afraid I must apologize, Sir Charles,” he said. “The fact is, I seem to have misplaced my”—another slight pause—“gold snuff box. I thought I might have dropped it in here, when last I called.”
“Snuff box?” Sir Charles repeated. He looked surprised. “Didn’t know you took snuff, Ravenwood.”
Lord Ravenwood flashed another of those frank, charming smiles. “Filthy habit, I know. Been meaning to give it up. All the same, though, it did occur to me that I might have accidentally left the box here, and since I happened to be passing this way, I thought I’d come in and look for it. Didn’t want to make the bother of rousing the house, so I just slipped in through the window. I didn’t find it, though.” 
He shrugged. “Must have dropped it somewhere else, I suppose.” 
Sir Charles’ forehead had creased into a worried frown. “I haven’t seen a snuff box anywhere about,” he said, “but if I do find one, you may be sure I shall let you know at once. Tell me, was it very valuable?” 
Lord Ravenwood gave him another bland smile. “Not of material worth, no.” 
Curse the man, he was actually enjoying himself. Susanna’s lips tightened with disgust. 
“But I confess it did have a certain sentimental value to me,” Lord Ravenwood went on. “It was a gift—from my favorite great uncle.”
“I see.” Sir Charles clicked his tongue. “Dear, dear. And to have lost it. Well, I shall certainly keep an eye out for it—and I shall direct all the servants to do the same. Pray, what does the box look like, in case we do find it?”
“Look like? Ah, yes.” There was only a slight hesitation before Lord Ravenwood went on. “It’s a simple enough pattern,” he said smoothly. “Silver, chased round the edges with a pattern of leaves and vines.”
“I thought you said before it was a gold box,” Susanna observed. Her voice sounded hard and angry, and Sir Charles looked at her in surprise, but Lord Ravenwood only gave her a quick, amused glance.
“Silver,” he replied firmly. “And engraved with my initials on the top—you shall know it by that, if you do find it. But I shouldn’t waste too much time in looking for it, Sir Charles. Likely enough I’ve simply mislaid it somewhere about my own place.”
He paused. “And now, Sir Charles, I think I must let you get back to your bed and well-earned sleep. I apologize for disturbing you at this late hour.” 
“Not at all—not at all. I’m only sorry not to have been able to help you more.” Sir Charles’ brow was still furrowed in a worried frown. “But tell me, my dear fellow, have you recovered from your indisposition? We were all sorry to have missed seeing you at dinner.”
“Yes, I am much recovered, I thank you. So much so, that I thought I would take a little exercise in a midnight stroll—and hence my arrival here. And I think,” he added, with a bland smile in Susanna’s direction, “that I may take a turn in your garden before going on my way home. If you don’t mind, that is.”
Sir Charles shook his head. “Not at all, not at all. I assure you, you’re more than welcome at any time.” 
“Thank you.” Lord Ravenwood bowed. “I shall be in the garden”—he shot another glance at Susanna—“for the next half-hour or so, then.”
“My dear fellow, take all the time you like—the place is quite at your disposal,” Sir Charles assured him. “And I hope you’ll enjoy your walk.”
Lord Ravenwood departed with a final bow, and Sir Charles followed him to the window, latching it behind him. 
He turned back to Susanna. “I’m sorry you should have been disturbed, m’dear. Glad you had a chance to meet young Ravenwood, though. Excellent fellow. Odd thing about his snuff box, though—haven’t seen a sign of the thing.” 
“I shouldn’t trouble too much over it, Uncle,” Susanna said. “I don’t think it’s very likely you’ll find it here.”
“Think not? Well, perhaps you’re right. Perhaps you’re right. And now, we’d better both be getting back to our rooms to sleep.”
Susanna went with him upstairs, and allowed him to see her to the door of her bedchamber. She waited until the sound of his footsteps died away down the passage, then opened her door once more and slipped out. 
Captain Clark—or Lord Ravenwood—was waiting when she stepped out of the study window and into the garden. His spare, muscular form was visible only as a shadow against the darker black of the night, leaning negligently against the trunk of a Spanish oak, arms folded.  
The air was heady with the scent of roses and purple jasmine, and the rich smell of freshly turned earth. All was still, the only sound the faint sighing of the breeze in the branches above and the occasional chirp of a cricket. 
He was the first to speak. “I suppose you’ll be wanting an explanation for all this.” 
“Which part? Your masquerading as Lord Ravenwood, or your being a French spy?”
She heard him give a quick, indrawn breath at that, but his tone, when he spoke, was light. 
“And how did you work that out?”
“You don’t deny it’s true, then?”
He lifted his shoulders. “Would it be any good my denying it? You’ve apparently made up your mind on the matter. Besides,” he added, his voice suddenly hardening, “the less you know the better.” 
Susanna’s anger bubbled over. “Oh, yes,” she said furiously. “Your precious concern for my safety. And after all I’ve done for you, I don’t even know your real name.” 
His tone softened. “You’re right. And that is unfair. My real name is James Gilbert, Third Earl of Ravenwood.”  
“I’ll call you James,” she said.
“When we’re alone, I think I should like that. But never when others can hear. The more others think you know about me, the more danger could come to you.”
Susanna would have sworn she hadn’t reacted, not even by an indrawn breath. And it was surely too dark for him to see her face. But he leaned forward abruptly and said, “Something’s already happened. What was it? Did someone threaten you?” 
“It was nothing—” Susanna began, but he cut her off with a muttered oath.
“What happened, damn it? How can I protect you if you won’t—”
It was Susanna’s turn to interrupt, in a voice as angry as his. “I don’t remember asking you to protect me! I can take care of myself—I have been, since I was seventeen!” 
James drew in a breath, exhaled hard, and she had the sense of him forcing his temper under control. “I’m sorry.” His voice was still grim, but softer now. “Will you please tell me what it was that frightened you?” 
“I wasn’t frightened,” Susanna began. But at sight of the tension visible in every line of James’s body, she made herself stop. “It was more spiteful and foolish than anything. My uncle Charles bought me a new shawl, and I left it in my room. And when I came back, someone had tied it into the shape of a noose.”
James’s shoulders were still taut while he listened to the story. But when she’d finished he only nodded and said, “Nasty.” His voice was cool. 
“That’s not what you’re actually thinking!”
“How do you know? He sounded amused.
“Because I can practically see the thoughts and speculations leaking out your ears!” Susanna sensed rather than saw him smile at that, but she went on. “You know who did or—or you’ve a suspicion, at least. So who was it?”
“That’s just what I can’t tell you.” Abruptly, he came forward, and put his hands on her shoulders. Susanna tried to jerk away, but his fingers tightened on her arms, holding her prisoner.
“Look here, you’ve got to trust me.”
“And can you give me any reason why I should?” Even in her own ears, Susanna’s voice sounded breathless. “Can you give me any reason why I shouldn’t tell Colonel Price that the man he’s seeking … the man who’s smuggling secrets over to France … is none other than Lord Ravenwood?”
“None at all.” There was no mockery in his voice now, and his eyes, in the moonlight, were dark and intent on hers. “You’ve no reason to believe me, but I promise you you’re wrong about me. I’m not what you think. And I’m going to trust you. My safety … and the safety of a good deal more than you know … are in your hands.”
For a moment longer, his eyes bored into hers, and then he released her, so abruptly that she fell back, momentarily off balance. 
When he spoke, the old, faintly laughing tone was back in his voice once more. “And now, my dear, I’m going to leave you.” 
He made her a deep bow. “I should hate for any lady’s reputation to be compromised through carelessness of mine. I shouldn’t like to think what the reaction would be if you were found—in your nightgown—with a strange man in the garden at midnight.” 
Susanna was looking at him, but even still, she didn’t see him go. One moment he was there, and the next she was alone, listening to the stealthy, barely perceptible sounds of his footsteps as he moved off through the brush. 
Susanna, standing amid the perfumed roses, felt herself burning with anger. Curse the man. What right had he to go off like that? To believe that with a few vague promises he could win her trust and cooperation. He hadn’t even bothered to deny her accusations.  
She should go to Colonel Price at once and tell him … 
But even as she framed the thought, she knew it could never be. Curse herself for a fool though she would, she knew she could not betray the trust James had just placed in her.  


Chapter 20
The next day crawled by for Susanna intolerably slowly, and she found herself prey to increasing restlessness. Again and again she went over in her mind that scene with James in the garden the night before. Again and again she almost resolved to tell Colonel Price everything, only to draw back again at the last moment. And then, looking round at the rest of the household, she would wonder who had played the trick with her shawl—and why. 
The weather, which had started out gloriously hot and fine, had turned dark and brooding, with sullen clouds on the horizon threatening rain. 
“There’ll be a storm before long,” Julia said, looking out the window.
It was after dinner, and the party had retired to the drawing room for tea and, in the case of Colonel Price and Sir Charles, to play at backgammon. Sophia was the only other person present, Caroline and Henry having declined an invitation to stay in favor of returning to their own meal at the vicarage. 
Only Susanna looked up at her cousin’s comment. 
“I wish it would.” She set down her sewing and crossed restlessly to the window as well. “A storm would be a relief—this heat is past all bearing.”
Julia studied her face keenly. “Are you all right, Susanna?” she asked. “You’ve not been yourself all day. Is anything the matter?” 
Susanna forced herself to smile at her cousin. “No—nothing’s the matter. I’ve got a slight headache, that’s all. I expect it’s the weather.” 
“I expect you’re right,” Julia agreed. “It is dreadfully hot. Never mind, though—there’ll be rain before long, you wait and see. That should cool things off.”
The servant’s voice in the doorway made Susanna jump and start to attention, pulse racing. 
“Excuse me, sir.” The butler, a tall, silver-haired old gentleman, every inch the correct family retainer, coughed deferentially.
“Yes, Braithwaite? What is it?” Sir Charles asked.
“There is”—the butler paused—“a person at the door, sir.”
“Yes? Well, show him in, Braithwaite.”
“I should hardly like, sir …”
“What do you mean you should hardly like? What does the fellow want?”
“He is”—again the butler paused—“desirous of gaining an audience with Colonel Price, Sir.”
“Well, show him in, then, Braithwaite. What are you waiting for?”
The butler coughed again. “He is, sir, decidedly of the laboring classes. And, I should say, not overly addicted to the habits of bathing and good hygiene.”  
Susanna might have been amused, but for the shiver of fear that crept down her spine. A man to see the colonel? What could his errand be? Small doubt as to the subject of the message, though—only something to do with Captain Clark would bring someone calling to see the colonel at this hour. 
Colonel Price had interrupted the butler impatiently. “Leave the fellow’s bathing habits out of it, Braithwaite. I suppose we can all hold our noses with the best of them, can’t we?” 
Braithwaite looked pained. “I suppose so, Sir.”  
“Well then, show the fellow in. Did he say what he wanted to see me about?”
“No, sir. He simply said he had a message for you, and would give it into your hands only.”
“Very well, then. Let’s see the man.”
The pained look on the butler’s face deepened, but he departed, with the air of one who washes his hands of an affair and can not be held responsible for the consequences. 
Had Susanna’s nerves not be stretched nearly to breaking, she might have laughed at the butler’s expression as he escorted the unexpected guest into the room. His nostrils were pinched, his face rigid with disapproval, and he stood as far away from the visitor as possible. 
“Mr. …”—he paused expressively—“Tom Rudge, sir,” he announced, and, having punctiliously discharged this unpleasant responsibility, he withdrew in a fine glow of righteous indignation, leaving them to confront the new arrival.
The reason for the butler’s distaste was readily apparent. The guest was a man of perhaps fifty or sixty years of age, but appearing older, with a head of grizzled, greasy hair that straggled into his eyes and an equally disreputable beard that covered the lower half of his face. He was a thin, rather pitiful figure, in cobbled clothes a good deal too large for his meager frame and caked with dirt, and he gave off a pungent odor of fish. 
“Colonel Price?” He asked. His voice was low and slightly wheezing, as though he’d suffered from some infection of the lungs, and the words were accompanied by a rasping cough.
“Yes? I am Colonel Price,” that gentleman replied. “What can I do for you, my man?”
“Ah, so you’re the colonel, are you?” The man stumped forward to peer into Colonel Price’s face, and the colonel, catching the man’s scent, stepped back with alacrity.
“Yes, yes, that is my name,” he said quickly. “What is your business with me?”
“Well, now.” Tom Rudge breathed heavily, sending a fine spray of mist over the colonel’s face. “Well, now, I’ve got a message for you.”
“A message? Yes? What is it? Tell me.” The colonel was growing slightly impatient.
“Well, now it’s not summat I can tell you—got it written-down, like. Here.” He felt inside a pocket of his outer garment. “Or rather”—his face creased in puzzlement—“I thought I had it here. Maybe”—he patted his other pockets and felt inside his vest—“maybe … Ah, yes, here it is.”
Triumphantly, he withdrew from his trouser pocket a crumpled square of paper, much dirtied and stained, and held it out to the colonel. 
Colonel Price, his face puckered with distaste, took the proffered document between thumb and forefinger and gingerly unfolded it, glancing quickly over the contents. 
As he read it, his expression altered, becoming taut and eagerly attentive. He looked up at the man before him sharply. “Where did you get this? Speak up, now. Tell me.” 
A spasm of alarm passed beneath the layers of grime on the old man’s face. “I ain’t done nothing wrong.” A whining note crept into his voice. “Nobody can say as how I have.” 
“No, no.” The colonel’s tone was impatient. “No one is accusing you of anything, my man. Only tell me where you got this message.”
Tom Rudge looked slightly relieved. “It were given me,” he muttered. 
“Given you? By whom?”
“By a gentleman in the town. He said as how he’d got a message for Colonel Price, up at the Hall, and if I would take it to him tonight he’d make it worth my while.”
“This man—can you describe him at all? What did he look like?”
“Well, now. I can’t rightly say as I can tell you, sir.” The old man scratched his head. “Didn’t get a good look at him, see? And my eyes aren’t what they once was, and that’s a fact.”
“But you must have some idea of the man’s appearance. His age, for instance. Was he young or old?”
Tom Rudge shrugged his shoulders. “Just an ordinary enough sort of bloke. Didn’t rightly pay him much mind.” 
And farther than that, he would not go, however much the colonel pressed him. At length, Colonel Price was forced to give up. 
“Very well, Mr.—er—Rudge. Thank you for delivering the message. You may go now.”
A look of cunning stole across the old man’s face. “The gentleman as gave me the message said you’d make it worth my while,” he said meaningly. 
“Yes, yes,” the colonel interrupted impatiently. He dug in his pockets and produced a handful of change. “There you are, my man. Now be off with you.”
“Thank you kindly, sir.” Tom Rudge touched his cap and stumped out, leaving a faint odor behind him.
Colonel Price was fairly quivering with excitement. “Ring the bell, Charles,” he said, as soon as the door had closed behind the messenger. “Tell the servants to saddle my horse—I must be off at once.” 
“Certainly, my dear fellow, certainly. But why? Why the rush? What was in that message?”
Colonel Price was exultant. “A tip, Charles—an anonymous tip about the smuggling. We’re closing in on our friend Captain Clark at last. The message said that a cargo of smuggled brandy was to be brought in tonight—and that if we were to make a raid on the Bull and George Inn, we’d catch the gang in the act.” 
The words struck Susanna with the force of a blow. This was what she’d dreaded—what she’d feared all along would happen. She alone in the room knew the truth of that anonymously penned message—knew that, if the colonel and his men were indeed to make a raid on the Bull and George, they would find their quarry penned and ready for the taking. 
The colonel was rubbing his hands together and chuckling in satisfaction. “I knew that landlord fellow of the Bull and George was in on the business,” he was saying. “I knew it—but I could never get proof. Now this message says he’s got a secret passage in the back of his premises, leading down to a cove on the beach—and a hidden room in his cellar where they store the caches of smuggled goods. Well, we shall see—they won’t get away from us so easily this time.” 
Susanna was thinking desperately. In this deciding moment, she had no thought for what James’s crimes might have been. She only knew that she couldn’t allow Colonel Price to capture him—she had to find some way of warning James—and his men. 
“Are you sure you’re all right, Susanna?” Julia was looking at her anxiously. “You look dreadfully pale.”
In an instant, Susanna had made up her mind. “My headache is worse, that’s all,” she told her cousin. “It’s nothing serious—but all the same, I think I shall go upstairs and lie down. Perhaps sleep will cure it.” 
“I’ll come with you,” Julia said at once, “and give you one of Mr. Carswell’s cordials. They always help me, when I’ve got a headache.”
Her cousin escorted her solicitously to the door, and Susanna bid the rest of the party goodnight. Colonel Price, deep in anticipation of a night’s successful work, scarcely looked up at their departure, but Sir Charles came forward to press her hands and suggest, in a worried tone, that if she were really ill perhaps they ought to call in a doctor. 
“No, no—I’m quite all right, Uncle Charles,” Susanna assured him. She even managed a smile. “All I need is a good night’s sleep and I shall be as right as rain, you’ll see.”
Sir Charles looked dubious, but allowed himself to be convinced, and Susanna, supported by Julia’s arm about her waist, departed upstairs. 
To Susanna’s mounting frustration, Julia insisted on seeing her into her room and waiting while she changed into her nightdress and took the doctor’s cordial. In a nervous fever to be away, Susanna was hard put to reply with thanks for her cousin’s kindness, but at long last, Julia rose to depart. 
“I’ll leave you to go to sleep, now,” she said. “Are you sure you’ll be all right? You’ve everything you need?”
Susanna assured her that she had, and Julia departed, with a final hope that Susanna’s head would be better in the morning and an adjuration to call if she needed anything in the night. 
As soon as the door had closed behind her, Susanna threw back the covers and sprang out of bed. She must hurry—how much time had already been lost! Feverishly, she dressed once more, donning a dark cloak and hood over her gown and then, cursing her fingers for their clumsiness, struggled to lace up her walking boots. When at last she was ready, she slipped out of her room, down the stairs, and out into the night. 


Chapter 21
She had already decided what her course of action must be—she must borrow one of the horses from the stables, else she would never reach the inn in time. How she was going to get a horse saddled and away without the stable boys and grooms hearing her was the question yet waiting to be confronted. 
As it happened, she needn’t have worried. Having seen to the serving of the family’s dinner, the servants were now about the business of their own evening meal, and as Susanna passed the window of the servants’ hall, she saw the housemaids and footmen and stable hands, all ranged round the big deal table. They were talking animatedly and passing dishes back and forth, and no one so much as glanced up as she crept by.  
She slipped around the grove of trees that screened the offices from the house and arrived at the stables. A lantern had been left burning here, and by its light the stable yard showed deserted, save for a thin mother cat with a litter of patchwork kittens curled about her in the straw and a liver-spotted dog tied by a rope to the hitching post. 
Susanna patted the dog’s head and quickly hushed its eager whine of greeting, then slipped inside the stalls. All was quiet. Colonel Price’s horse must already have been saddled and fetched away. That meant that he was ahead of her on the road, but he would have to go first to round up his men before he could reach the Bull and George. She might yet be able to overtake him. 
Her father had insisted Susanna learn to saddle her own horse, and now the knowledge came back to her with the practice of old habit. She chose a big, dappled gray hunter with a patch of white on his forehead and one black foreleg. Keeping her voice to a whisper, she stroked the big animal’s nose and murmured soothingly as she buckled on saddle and bridle. 
The horse’s ears flicked and he snuffled expectantly into Susanna’s outstretched hand. 
“No, I’ve not brought anything for you—not this time,” Susanna whispered. “But I’ll promise to bring you a bit of sugar every day if only you’ll carry me to town tonight—and quickly.”
Quietly, ears straining for any sign of detection, she led the horse outside and into the yard, and then, using the mounting block, swung herself up into the saddle. She hadn’t ridden in years, but the trick soon came back to her, and soon she was urging the horse forward down the long winding drive to the road. 
She had to go slowly at first, for fear of being heard by some member of the household, but when she had passed the Rutherford gates she spurred the horse into a trot, wishing she dared risk a faster pace. There was no moon tonight, though, only faint starlight, and the road was very dark. To go any more quickly would be to risk suffering a fall—and that she must not do. 
She leaned forward across the big animal’s neck, gripping the long mane and struggling to see ahead into the darkness. Surely it couldn’t be much farther now?  
It was not only fear for James that drove her. She was thinking as well of young Tom Harmer, supporting his family on what he earned from Captain Clark’s gang. If he should be captured tonight … what on earth would his mother and the younger children do then? 
At last she reached the outskirts of the town, and swung herself down from the saddle. She would have to go on foot from here—she would be more likely to be seen on horseback, and she couldn’t risk discovery. She found a grove of trees on the edge of an outlying field and tethered her horse, then began to make her way through the narrow, winding cobbled streets. She knew her way this time, and reached her destination in a matter of minutes. 
The Bull and George Inn stood on one side of the town green, a diamond-shaped grassy lawn round which were ranged the principal shops and the blacksmith’s forge. Susanna paused at the edge of the green and withdrew behind a sheltering clump of trees to peer anxiously across at the entrance to the inn. What she saw made her heart sink within her. 
As fast as she had been, Colonel Price had been faster. In the darkened street before the inn’s doorway stood a cluster of men, and the light of the lantern one man carried showed the shining hilts of swords, and the gleam of brass buttons on military coats. The soldiers were in position already, prepared to strike. Susanna felt a wave of despair. If only she could think of some way of warning the men within. 
But she was not to be given the chance. The colonel’s voice, soft and urgent in the utter stillness of the night, was carried across the green to where she stood. 
“All right, men. On my order.”
And the next moment, the air was rent by a piercing whistle and the green was suddenly alive with soldiers, the sounds of running feet and the shouts of men. A group of soldiers surged forward and hammered an insistent tattoo on the wooden door. 
“Locked,” she heard one of them call. “Have to break the door down, I reckon.”
The men drew back and then, with a mighty singleness of purpose, charged forward to throw sturdy shoulders and hips against the door panel. The door gave way with a protesting shriek of hinges and a scream of breaking wood, and Susanna watched, frozen in horror, as the men surged through the door and into the inn.  
It could only be a matter of minutes now. Captain Clark—Lord Ravenwood—James—would be arrested. Would be convicted, too, for what escape for him could there be? And she knew the penalty for smuggling. He would be hung, his corpse strung up at the crossroads as a warning to other would-be malefactors.
“We’ve got them, sir.” The triumphant cry, coming from inside the building, made Susanna’s heart give another great lurch of fear, and a larger, bulkier shadow that Susanna could now identify as the colonel, stepped forward into the doorway.
“Bring them out here, then.”
There was a flare of light as a lantern was lit, and then a string of men were pushed forward through the door by the soldiers, arms pinned firmly behind them as they were marched out to stand in the street.  
Susanna, who had passed beyond terror into the awful calm of despair, watched as, one by one, the prisoners were brought forward and the light from the lantern fell on each of their faces.  
The first two she recognized as the old sailors whose conversation she had overheard on her first day at the Bull and George. The third was a stranger to her—a thin, weasel-faced runt of a man with beady eyes that darted this way and that under the colonel’s scrutiny. And the fourth … 
Susanna’s heart gave a great bound. It was not the man she had expected. The fourth prisoner was brought forward, and the light slanted across the round, jowly face of Mr. Featherstone, the Bull and George’s landlord.  
James had not been among those taken. 
Nor, she realized with relief, was Tom. The prisoners were grown men, all of them. Tom’s thin, wiry little frame was nowhere to be seen. 
The colonel, too, had realized Captain Clark’s absence. He gave a cry of frustration. “There’s another one, men. Captain Clark, himself. He’s the one we’re after—this lot are just small fry. Fan out and look for him—he can’t have gotten far.” 
And then, half to himself, but still audible in the stillness of the summer night air, “Where can the fellow have got to?” 
Susanna had been asking herself the same question. Had James perhaps not come to the inn tonight at all? And if he had, how had he managed to avoid capture when his confederates had been taken? Then her eye caught a flicker of movement at an upper story of the inn, and she let out an involuntary gasp. 
There, silhouetted against the starlit sky, a slim, dark figure was making its way along the rooftop, climbing with cat-like agility over the gables and chimneys. Susanna watched, scarcely daring to breathe, as the form swung itself over a window peak and gained the crest of the roof. If only he might escape falling—and if only Colonel Price did not look up. 
But almost as though he had read her thoughts, Colonel Price, who had been standing gazing about him in consternation, happened at that moment to glance skyward. 
Instantly, he gave a triumphant cry. “There he goes, men—on the roof. After him!” 
Several pistols were raised, and a volley of gunfire exploded across the green. The climbing figure on the roof abandoned caution, and, as Susanna watched, horrified, he ran across the roof, leapt nimbly onto the roof of a neighboring shop, swung himself down over the other side, and vanished. 
“He’s gone around behind. Quick—after him.”
The colonel’s cry was like a bloodhound, baying on the scent of game, and, brandishing his pistol, he charged forward towards the alleyway leading behind the inn while his soldiers, moving in a body, followed close on his heels. 
Susanna, almost without conscious thought, ran forward out of her hiding place to follow, as well. She didn’t know what good she hoped to do James by her presence—she only knew that to remain where she was, waiting to know the worst, was a prospect beyond all endurance. 
She took care to stay well behind the soldiers, and kept to the darkest part of the shadows, but in truth it wouldn’t have mattered if she’d run pell-mell behind them and shouted aloud her presence. So intent were the soldiers on the pursuit of their quarry that they had no notice to spare for anything else. 
The back of the Bull and George gave onto a narrow, cobbled way, lined with shops and cottages, and now, save for the soldiers and their leader, utterly still and deserted. The men had moved to fan out along the street, and Susanna crept to the mouth of the alley, from which she could see their movements. 
“Spread out, men. He can’t have got far.”
Susanna froze at the colonel’s words. If any of the men should turn back the way they had come … She had remained unseen so far, but if they were to make a thorough search, she could hardly hope to avoid discovery. 
She was bracing herself, poised and ready for flight, when the colonel gave a wordless exclamation of surprise, and she peered cautiously round the stone corner. 
They had brought the lantern with them, carried aloft by one of the younger officers, and now its flickering orange light fell on the huddled figure of a tramp or vagrant, wrapped in rags and sleeping off a night’s debauches in the sheltering doorway of one of the shops. 
“You there.” The colonel prodded the figure with the toe of his boot, and the man gave a mutter of protest and burrowed deeper into his nest of rags.
“You,” the colonel insisted, giving the man another prod.
With a startled grunt and a snuffle, the man sat up and gaped, open mouthed, at the soldiers standing over him. He was a pitiful enough specimen, a mop of matted brown hair all but obscuring his dirt-streaked face, and with the vacant, slightly half-witted look of the mentally deficient—or the very drunk. 
“Eh? Whassa matter?”
The words, spoken with a definite slur, decided the matter finally in favor of the latter alternative, and Susanna saw that, clutched between his dirty paws, the man held a large bottle of gin. 
The man peered resentfully up into the colonel’s face. “Man can’t enjoy a bit of peace and quiet without being kicked about?” 
He drew his cloak about him, and seemed prepared to go back to sleep, but the colonel, his expression one of extreme distaste, prodded him again with his boot. 
“Pay attention. I wish to speak to you.”
The man sat up with an indignant grunt and rubbed his side. “What d’ya want?” 
“We wish to ask you a question, my good man.”
The man looked aggrieved. “Well, ask it, can’t you, and let a chap get some sleep. Man can’t get a bit of peace and quiet …” 
“Yes, yes,” the colonel interrupted. “Have you seen anyone run along this way? A man? He would have come down from the roof.”
“The roof?” The tramp repeated. He appeared to find this hugely amusing. “What would ‘e have been doing up there? Wasn’t a bird, was he?” He let out a cackle of laughter.
The colonel’s voice grew louder with annoyance. “Just answer the question—did you see anyone come along this way?” 
“Well, now.” The man scratched his head and appeared to consider the question. “Well, now I might ha’ done.”
His eye lighted on the bottle of gin in his hands, and he took a long pull at it, then smacked his lips appreciatively. “Wonderful stuff, this. Wouldn’t care for a swig yourself, would you?” He held out the bottle to the colonel. 
Colonel Price, fairly dancing with impatience, waved it away abruptly and spoke through clenched teeth. “Did you or did you not, see a man run through here just now?” 
The man looked faintly taken aback. “Keep your shirt on, gov. No need to get all hot and bothered. I saw the fellow right enough.” 
“Ah.” The colonel gave a sigh of satisfaction. “And which way did he go?”
“He ducked round that building there, quick as a wink, and was off that way.” The man gestured to a narrow side road, leading off towards the southern end of the town.
“That way? Are you sure?”
The man nodded. “’Course I’m sure. Nothing wrong with my eyes yet. Ran off that way as though the devil himself was after him.” He took another long pull at his bottle and relapsed into silence. 
The colonel turned to his men. “You heard what he said—after him.” 
And then Colonel Price was off, charging away in the direction the man had pointed, his soldiers following close on his heels. 
The sound of their footsteps on the cobbled stones died away, and the street was silent once more. The drunken man’s head fell back against the wall.  
Susanna, still standing motionless in the mouth of the alley, made no move to follow the soldiers. When the vagrant had pointed the way to the colonel, his ragged cloak had fallen away from his shoulders, and even the dim half-light of the lantern had been enough to show her the stain on the shoulder of his shirt—the slow, darkly spreading red stain of blood. 


Chapter 22
His eyes were closed when she approached, his face, beneath the layer of dirt and grime, slack and ghostly white in the starlight. 
“You’ve opened the wound again, haven’t you?”
At her words, one dark eye opened and regarded her balefully. “I suppose,” he said at last, “that I ought to be growing accustomed to this. That I ought to expect you to come popping up, just when I think a situation couldn’t possibly be any more damnable than it already is …”  
“You’d better be thankful I did come popping up this time,” Susanna cut in shortly. “The colonel isn’t as stupid as he seems. How long do you think it will take him to realize he’s been sent off on a wild goose chase—and remember that the man he knows as Captain Clark is reputed to be quite a master of theatrics and disguise?”
James shut his eyes and leaned back once more against the wall. “A good long while, God willing,” he said. Then his eyes opened and he sighed. “Still, I suppose you’re right—I’d best be making myself scarce.” He struggled to sit up, and then sank back again against the stones with a groan and a muffled curse. 
“The bullet wound?” Susanna asked quickly.
He shook his head, teeth gritted. “No—a new one. Damned soldiers are better shots than I give them credit for. One of them managed to graze me while I was up there on the roof.” 
He looked up, and a faint smile curved the corners of his mouth. “You needn’t worry, though—I don’t think there’s any need of your services. The ball only grazed me. It’s not lodged anywhere.” 
He leaned back once more and shut his eyes, gathering his strength, and then looked around him again, appearing for the first time to take in fully the fact of her presence. 
“But look here, how did you know to come here tonight? And how on earth did you get here?”
“Never mind how I knew—there isn’t time to explain now. But I came on horseback.”
“On horseback?” he repeated. “Where did you leave the animal?”
“On the edge of town—tethered to some trees.”
“How strong a horse?” He asked urgently. “Will he carry both of us, do you think?”
Susanna nodded. “I think so, yes. But you—can you make it that far? We’ll have to walk.” 
“Then I’ll have to, won’t I?” With a grunt and another muttered oath, he struggled to his feet, then swayed.
He held up a hand, though, when she would have gone to him, and steadied himself against the wall. “I’m all right.” 
He drew several deep breaths, and then nodded to indicate he was ready. Keeping to the shadows, they slipped along the alley and began to wind their way through the narrow streets back towards the edge of the town. 
Broughton was almost unnaturally quiet. The residents, if they had heard the recent commotion, had elected to stay safely within their houses and take no part in the fracas. If there was to be trouble with the law—if there were to be arrests made—the townsfolk wanted nothing to do with it. Once or twice shutters were opened and a sleepy head peered cautiously out into the darkened street, but Susanna and James drew quickly back into the shadows each time and avoided discovery. 
They had passed the village green and were making their way back past the blacksmith’s shop and forge, when the hand that held Susanna’s tightened abruptly. James stopped dead in his tracks. 
“What …” Susanna began, but he cut her off abruptly.
“Shh … listen,” he hissed.
Then she heard it, too—the sound of booted footsteps, echoing along the street behind them. 
Wordlessly, James drew her back into the darkened doorway of a wine merchant’s shop, where they waited, ears straining. 
Susanna heard the footsteps come closer, and then one of the soldiers said, “Colonel Price thinks he may have doubled back this way. Best have a look around—he may be hiding in a doorway or an alley.” 
Susanna gave an involuntary start, but her companion pressed her arm and drew her farther back into the shadows, warning her to make no sound. 
“You take this side of the street, I’ll take the other.”
Their hiding place was so narrow that they had had to stand breast to breast, Susanna’s face pressed against James’s shoulder, and at the soldier’s words she felt him draw in his breath sharply and the arms about her tighten. 
The footsteps approached inexorably, and Susanna closed her eyes, bracing herself for discovery and capture. She could hear the beating of her companion’s heart, hard and fast, through the thin fabric of his shirt, but he remained motionless, the arms that held her as steady as bands of iron. 
“He’s not here—we’re wasting our time, if you ask me. Fellow’s got clean away.”
“Reckon you’re right—best head back and report to the colonel.”
The young soldier’s voice was hoarse and nasal, but Susanna had never heard anything so beautiful in her life. 
There came the sound of footsteps, dying away once more down the street, and all at once Susanna was trembling from head to foot. Her knees gave way under her, so that she would have fallen if James’s arms had not been about her. 
He held her until the tremors ceased, and then bent his head to breathe in her ear. “Hold up,” he whispered. “You’re not going to swoon on me now, are you?” 
The laughing, slightly mocking tone braced her, and Susanna straightened up and raised a shaking hand to her brow. “No—no, I’m all right.” 
“Come on, then. We’d best be off before they come back.”
They covered the remainder of the distance without incident, and found the spot where Susanna had left the horse easily enough. Not until they were astride the saddle, he in front, she riding pillion behind, did she risk breaking the silence. 
“Where are we to go?”
He considered the question a moment, hands poised on the reins. “Best not risk trying to make it back to Highnoons—not yet, at any rate. The colonel and his men are sure to be patrolling all the roads out of town for the rest of the night. And if we were caught, I’d have a job explaining why Lord Ravenwood, sometime tenant of the Highnoons estate, was wandering about the countryside dressed as a beggar—and in the company of Sir Charles Ward’s niece.” 
“Then where shall we make for?” Susanna asked again.
“I think our best plan is to make for the cave on the beach—the same one I took you to before, remember? They’ll be focusing the search on the town, and won’t spare much thought or effort for the beach front—or at least I hope not. We can lie low there until they’ve called off the search.”
Susanna nodded agreement, and they set off at a cautious pace along the winding dirt track leading around the town to the cliffs. They hadn’t gone far when the storm that had been threatening all day broke. Flashes of lighting cracked across the night sky and great booming claps of thunder echoed across the countryside. The rain was torrential, and by the time they reached the shelter of the beach cave, Susanna was soaked to the skin and shivering. 
“I’m afraid I can’t offer you much in the way of comfort,” he said as he ushered her inside. “But I think I can rummage up a blanket or two to sit on.”
Susanna shook droplets of water from her hair and managed a laugh. “And what more could anyone ask for than that?” 
He found the lantern and lighted it, and in the sudden flare of light, Susanna saw once more the darkly spreading stain at the shoulder of his shirt. 
“Your wound—you’re bleeding again,” she said.
He glanced down at his arm. “Damn.” 
“You’d best let me see to it. Sit down.”
“I ought to be getting used to this, too, by now, I suppose.”
“It does seem to be becoming something of a habit.”
Susanna pushed him onto a seat on a rocky outcropping. “Unbutton your shirt,” she commanded. “I want to see how much damage was done.” 
He had removed the wig that had transformed him into a drunken beggar, but his face was still smeared with dirt, and desperately weary beneath the layer of grime. Now, though, the flicker of a wry smile tugged at the corners of his mouth as he moved to obey, slipping his right arm out of the sleeve with painful care. 
“We’ll have to set this place up as a proper doctor’s surgery if this keeps up,” was his only comment.
The bandage Susanna had wrapped around the wound had, she saw, been replaced by a fresh one, now soaked and saturated with blood. Below, across the upper muscle of the arm, an angry, bloodied furrow showed where the latest bullet had plowed its way through the flesh. 
“You were right—this latest shot only grazed you,” Susanna pronounced after a moment’s inspection. “Your shoulder will look like a pin cushion soon, though, if you don’t stop acquiring these bullet holes.”
He had leaned back against the wall of the cave, his lids shut, and now he said, without opening his eyes, “I assure you, this latest acquisition, as you put it, was quite unintentional. Nothing, in fact, would please me more …” 
“Hold still,” Susanna interrupted. “I want to have a look at the other wound.” Deftly, she undid the pin that had held the linen in place and began to unwrap the folds of sodden cloth.
“This may hurt.” She had come to the last layer, and had to grit her teeth and hold her breath as she gingerly peeled the blood-soaked bandage away from the skin.
He drew in his breath sharply as the cloth came away from the wound, but gave no other sign of pain. 
“It’s healing as well as can be expected,” Susanna said at last. “There’s no sign of infection. It will mend well enough, I think—if you’ll stop climbing over roofs and clambering down drainpipes.”
He looked at her curiously. “What are you doing?” 
Susanna had rolled back the hem of her skirt and was tearing a long strip from the bottom flounce of her petticoat. 
“You’ll have to have a fresh bandage—and I don’t suppose you’ve got a medical kit here.”
“Deplorable lack of foresight on my part, I know,” he said gravely. Then, “You won’t have a whole petticoat left if this keeps on.”
She ignored that and went on ripping, and in another moment had fashioned a rough bandage for him from the torn cloth. 
“It’s not very neat—but it will have to do for now.”
She sat back to survey her handiwork with satisfaction, while he watched. His face was still drawn with fatigue and pain, but there was a gleam of sardonic amusement at the back of his dark eyes. 
“If you’re quite done?” He inquired politely.
“Quite.”
“Then sit yourself down—I’ve a good many questions to ask you.”
Susanna obeyed, seating herself on a boulder opposite his own, and waited expectantly. 
“I … wait a minute. You’re shivering with cold. I daren’t risk lighting a fire, but as I say, I know I’ve got some blankets stored somewhere.”
With a grunt, he heaved himself upright and rummaged for a moment behind one of the rough wooden crates. “Ah, yes. Here we are.” 
He produced a pair of rough woolen blankets, and handed them across to Susanna. They were slightly damp and smelled of must and the sea. Susanna’s teeth were chattering by this time, and she wrapped both blankets about her thankfully. 
He waited until she had curled herself once more against the boulder and then seated himself opposite, resting his head against the rock and stretching out his long legs before him. 
He fixed her with a keen gaze. “And now,” he said, “let me hear everything that’s happened. I want to know exactly how you came to be at the inn—and why Colonel Price took it into his head to raid the place tonight.” 
So, with the steady drumming of the rain outside for background, Susanna recounted the evening’s events, from the anonymous message brought to the colonel to her own flight into the town to warn the smugglers of the danger. 
“An anonymous note, you say?” His brow furrowed. “I don’t like that—I don’t like that at all. It seems to suggest that someone is anxious that Captain Clark be apprehended—and, what’s more, that whoever it is has a good working knowledge of our operations.”
“Could it be one of your men?” Susanna suggested.
He shook his head. “Possible, I suppose, but I doubt it. Why should they want to see me captured? I pay them good wages—far better than they’d get anywhere else. Turning me over to the law would only mean their source of income would dry up—and they’d not find it easy to get another such. Besides, I don’t suppose more than one or two of the lads can so much as pen their names, let alone work up an anonymous note to Colonel Price.” 
“Then who do you think it could have been?”
He was still frowning into the lantern’s lighted panes, the reflected flames dancing and golden in the dark pupils of his eyes. “There’s only one person it can have been,” he said slowly. 
“You know who it was, then?”
“I know who it must have been, yes, but not who it was.” He caught himself up and smiled faintly. “That wasn’t intended to be as cryptic as it sounded. Shall we say I know the existence of a certain person, but I’ve not yet discovered that person’s identity.”
He was silent, then went on, half to himself, “And I’d hate to believe that the colonel’s helpful informant really was this person, because if it was … if I’m right, that would mean that I’ve slipped up—been careless—and aroused someone’s suspicion. Still, who else can it have been …” 
His voice trailed away, and he stared abstractedly once more into the lamplight. Then, “Did you get a look at this note the colonel got? Can you describe the writing at all?” 
Susanna shook her head regretfully. “No—the colonel only told us what was in the note. He didn’t let anyone else read it.” 
“A pity. Though it probably doesn’t matter. Our villain, if he’s any sense at all, most likely has had the foresight to disguise his writing.”
There was another long silence, and then Susanna asked, “What are you going to do?” 
He shrugged. “What can I do? Go on with what I’ve been doing, I suppose.” 
“Even though the colonel has captured your men— and all his regiment are hunting for you?”
He shrugged again. His face had hardened suddenly and he spoke without looking at her. “He didn’t catch all my men—we were only working with a skeleton crew tonight, so to speak. Their capturing poor old Featherstone is a bit of a nuisance. We shall have to find somewhere else to store the goods now his hidden cellar’s been discovered. But as for the efforts of the colonel and his regiment—I’ve escaped capture so far. I don’t see why I shouldn’t be able to go on eluding them.” 
Susanna bit back the angry retort that rose to her lips. Because no one’s luck can hold forever, she wanted to say. Because you’ve been wounded—twice. Because the colonel won’t give up until he’s seen you on the gallows.
Instead she said, “But you said there’s someone else who wants you captured. The one who sent the colonel the anonymous message tonight.” 
James’s lips tightened, and his voice, when he spoke, was grim. “Yes, there is someone. He’s the reason I’ve got to go on with the job.” 
Susanna felt a chill of fear at the words, but she said steadily, “What can I do?” 
“Do?” James’s eyes flickered for a moment, and, as swiftly as though a wall had sprung up between them, his look was suddenly chill and impersonal as that of a stranger.
“You can get the hell out of here.” His tone was suddenly harsh. “You’ve run quite enough risks. Get out—get away from here, back to your governessing.”
“But …”
“Get out of it,” he said again. “Forget you ever met me—ever saw me.” He had spoken the words once before, at their first meeting, but now they were spoken with a new ferocity—almost savagery. His face, in the flickering glow of the lantern, was as hard and chill as granite.
Susanna felt hot, angry tears sting her eyes, and a lump rose in her throat. She swallowed it fiercely, though. She would not let him see how he had hurt her—above all, she would not let him see her cry. 
“Very well—goodbye, then.” The words came out in an uneven rush, and the next moment she had turned to plunge headlong out of the cave and stumble her way across the beach.
She had half hoped he would make some move to stop her—or to follow. But he did not. Her last glimpse of him, through the mouth of the cave, was that of a motionless, dark-clad figure, staring unblinkingly into the firelight. 
It had stopped raining, at least. Susanna half-ran, half-stumbled her way up the muddied, slippery path along the cliffs, and when she had gained the top, she slowed her pace to a walk and blinked the tears determinedly away from her eyes. Very well—if he chose to take that attitude, she would certainly make no effort to stop him. He was a smuggler—an outlaw—perhaps even a traitor. She would do as he said—forget she had ever set eyes on him. He had certainly made it abundantly clear he wished nothing more to do with her. And if he cared no more for her than that, after all they had endured together … 
The tears spilled over onto her cheeks this time, but she dashed them away and dug her nails hard into the palms of her hands. She would be as indifferent as he—she would forget all about Captain Clark—Lord Ravenwood—James—and whatever solitary game he was playing.


Chapter 23
She managed to regain her room at Rutherford Hall without being seen, and slipped out of her gown and into her nightdress with only the dim flicker of the fire for light. She had not expected to sleep, but almost as soon as her head hit the pillow she fell into the heavy, dreamless slumber of sheer exhaustion, and when she woke the sun was streaming in at her window.  
The rain had left the landscape outside her window washed and radiant and glistening with the pearly dew. Susanna blinked confusedly a moment before the night’s happenings came back to her in a rush—her desperate flight to warn James of the colonel’s raid, his injury in trying to escape—and then his harsh, angry dismissal. 
A vision of James’s face, grim and set, rose before her eyes, and for a moment tears threatened once more. The questions, too, teemed in her mind. What had he meant about the author of that anonymous letter to Colonel Price? He’d said that he knew of the person’s existence, but not his identity. And that he was the reason this dangerous game must go on. 
Susanna caught herself up angrily. Such questions were none of her concern—not anymore. Resolutely, she rose, bathed her face, and dressed, without troubling to ring for Rose. She’d dressed by herself often enough before. A glance at the clock showed her the rest of the household would already be at breakfast, and she hurried downstairs, only to freeze, dumb struck, in the door of the morning room. 
Her aunt Sophia and cousin Julia were seated at one end of the table, while her uncle Charles reclined before a plate of ham and sausages at the other. And standing at the window, facing away from her, one lean, strong hand resting carelessly on the glass— 
James.
He wore immaculately cut fawn-colored breeches and a blue riding coat, and he turned at the sound of her entrance, lips curving in the familiar, faintly wry smile. 
“Miss Ward—good morning.” James came forward swiftly to meet her in the doorway. “Allow me to help you to some breakfast.”
With a gallant bow, he guided her to the sideboard, where an assortment of hot rolls, plum cakes, brown bread, and buttered toast had been laid out. 
“I can recommend the herrings,” he added. “They’re excellent.”
Susanna had recovered herself by this time. Here they were far enough removed from the table that any conversation between them would be unheard, provided they took care to speak softly. 
“What are you doing here?” she asked in an undertone.
“After what happened last night, I thought it rather crucial that Lord Ravenwood be seen this morning hale and hearty and decidedly not suffering from any gunshot wounds.”
He answered her in the same low voice. Then, in a louder tone, “An egg, perhaps? Or some coffee?” 
Susanna ignored the suggestion. “What do you mean?” 
“I mean,” he answered, “that if someone really is determined to see Captain Clark captured, I don’t want them putting two and two together and realizing that the tenant of Highnoons and the infamous smuggler are one and the same. Hence my visit here.”
In spite of herself, Susanna gave a little gasp. “Then you think whoever sent the colonel that note is here? That it’s someone at Rutherford Hall?” 
Captain Clark’s lips compressed, but he gave the briefest of nods before turning away. 
“There you are, Miss Ward.” He presented her plate to her with a flourish. “Can I get you anything else?”
And then, in a lowered voice, “Not a word to anyone, mind.” 
Susanna felt herself flush with sudden anger. “I should think you could trust me that far, at least.” 
They rejoined the others at the table, and Sir Charles looked up with a smile at her arrival. 
“Ah, Susanna, my dear. Good morning. I trust you slept well? Lord Ravenwood and I are planning on riding out to have a look at some of the north plantations this morning.”
He rose from his chair, looking at the younger man inquiringly. “Are we ready to go?” 
Sophia, who had been watching James’s attendance on Susanna with a hard, angry stare, now looked up through her lashes. 
“I hope you’ll come back with my brother when you’ve done, Lord Ravenwood.” Her voice was at its sweetest and most beguiling. “We can offer you some refreshment after your long ride.”
James inclined his head and flashed a smile. “Thank you, Madam. I accept with pleasure. That would be delightful.” 
The two men departed soon after, and Susanna was left alone with Sophia and Julia. Both her aunt and cousin had finished breakfast and taken up their sewing, but Susanna found herself unable to join them at the common worktable. James had looked ill, she thought. The effects of last night’s exertions were visible in his face; he was pale beneath the fine brown summer tan, and the skin stretched taught over cheek and jaw. How much longer could he hope to go on like this—even if he could elude Colonel Price once again? 
It was early afternoon when a servant appeared in the doorway to announce the arrival of Henry and Caroline. Caroline, as usual, came bustling into the room first. 
“We’ve company expected to dinner tomorrow, Sophia,” she announced at once, “and my housekeeper tells me there’s not a proper joint of meat to be had in town for love or money.”
She sniffed. “I’ve called at the butcher’s to express my opinion of him. Would you believe it? The man tried to put me off with a stale joint daubed over in fresh blood. I soon put a stop to that, I can tell you.” 
“Certainly you may have a haunch of venison from the larder here, Caroline,” Sophia replied. “You know Charles brought down that excellent hart last week. I shall give orders for a portion to be sent around to you directly. But what company have you coming?”
Caroline darted an angry look at her husband, who had crept in almost unnoticed to stand meekly beside his wife. 
“Some friend of Henry’s or other.”
Henry Ward cleared his throat. “A fellow scholar, my dear,” he put in mildly. 
Caroline sniffed again. “Yes, and that excuses all manner of faults, I’ve no doubt. Really, the people we’ve had to stay who you claim are fellow scholars … well, some of them are beyond belief. I’m sure the last pair we had didn’t speak a word of English. And never any notice that they’re to come, either. I warn you Henry, if any more of your scholarly friends arrive on our doorstep, I shall recommend them to stay at the Bull and George.” 
“Yes, my dear.” Henry inclined his head meekly, but was saved from further rebuke by the return of Lord Ravenwood and Sir Charles, back from their ride.
James’s face was wearier than ever. The ride must have tired him, Susanna thought. Perhaps the gait of the horse had jarred his wounded shoulder—a wound like that would make it painful to travel any distance. She felt a little quiver of worry, but she tightened her hands and wouldn’t look up as James and her uncle seated themselves with the rest of the group, and plates of cakes and sandwiches were brought in. 
James, for his part, laid himself out to be particularly charming. He laughed and joked with Sir Charles, exchanged polite civilities with Henry, and even wrung a grudging smile from Caroline. Susanna he all but ignored, but he made a great show of being gallant to Sophia. He paid her extravagant compliments and saw to it that her glass was kept always filled, and Sophia, under this treatment, ruffled up and preened herself with pleasure. 
When the afternoon sun was sinking, though, and dusk beginning to fall, James fell suddenly silent, and looked at his pocket watch, a shadow passing over his face. 
“I’m afraid I must be going,” he said.
“Oh, must you? So soon?” Sophia made a coquettish little pout. “We’ve seen nothing of you these last few days—nothing at all. And you’ve eaten hardly anything.”
That was true enough. For all his concentrated energy and charm, James had taken little of the food before him, and eaten still less of what was on his plate. 
“I know how you men are.” Sophia traced a fingertip lightly along the back of one of his hands and blinked up at him from under her lashes. “You can never be trusted to take proper care of yourselves and see you get enough to eat. You need a wife to look after you, Lord Ravenwood, indeed you do.”
James’s smile was at his most suave. “But would I be able to look after a wife, ma’am?” 
Sophia gave one of her tinkling little laughs. “Able to look after a wife? What a question. As though there were any man more fit to make a woman happy. But you mustn’t run away so soon. You’ll stay to dinner, surely.” 
“I’m afraid not. I really must be going.”
“But why?” A hint of hardness crept into Sophia’s voice. “Have you another engagement?”
Again that faint shadow passed over James’s face, and Susanna felt suddenly frightened. The look was gone almost at once, but James evaded Sophia’s question. 
“I shall expect another invitation very soon,” he said. “Come, say you’ll take pity on me. We lonely bachelors must take what crumbs of domestic comfort we can at the tables of our friends.”
Sophia laughed and looked coy, and James rose to go. 
“And now, if you’ll excuse me?” He made them all a low bow and, picking up his riding crop and gloves from the chair, started for the door.
“It’s time we were going as well, Henry,” Caroline said. She gave her husband a resentful look. “Since we must be getting ready for our visitors.”
“Yes, my dear.” Henry rose to obey, and they started after James.
Sophia, though, had jumped up from her chair as well, and now went swiftly to twine her arm through James’s. 
“Well, I shall see you to the door, if you insist on leaving us so soon,” she said.
What came next seemed, to Susanna’s watching eyes, to occur in slow motion. She saw Sophia contrive to stumble, clutch at James for support, and then, with a calculated movement, fall against him so that he had no choice but to catch her in his arms to keep her from falling. Her full weight fell on James’s right arm, and Susanna, looking on in horror, saw the tightening of his lips and heard the small grunt of pain he gave as the force of the blow struck his wounded shoulder. 
Sophia had gone limp, and was taking a quite impossibly long time to find her feet once more, clinging to James for support, uttering little gasps of breathless alarm. Susanna, still watching, helpless, saw her make another grab at the injured arm.  
They hung there together for a moment, suspended, and then Susanna saw James’s arm give way and fall helplessly to his side, sending her aunt sprawling back and into the arms of Henry, who, together with Caroline, had come up behind. 
Henry caught Sophia with commendable quickness, and set her once more back on her feet to catch her breath and look reproachfully at James. 
He had gone rather white about the mouth, and Susanna could detect a faint beading of sweat on his brow, but there was no other sign of what he must be enduring. 
“I do apologize, Mrs. Lovecraft—pray forgive me,” he said, with his most charming smile. “You simply slipped right out of my grasp—I can’t think how it came to happen. Luckily for me Dr. Ward was here to step into the breach where I failed. Thank you, my dear sir.”
Henry acknowledged the thanks with a cough and an embarrassed nod. “Only too pleased to have been of service,” he said. 
Caroline merely looked severe. “You ought to be more careful, Sophia. It’s those shoes you wear—the heels are far too high for practical wear.” 
Sophia Lovecraft shot a resentful look at her sister-in-law, and James bowed once more and moved to go out. 
“I must be going.” he said. “Mrs. Lovecraft, I can only apologize once more most sincerely for my carelessness, and thank Dr. Ward here for his quick action.”
He went out, moving easily enough, but Susanna’s anxious eye detected a slight hesitation in his gait, and she noticed that he used his left hand to open the door, while the right hung limp and useless at his side. 
With a murmured excuse, she rose swiftly from her chair and followed him into the hall. 
“What damage was done?” she asked, when the door had closed behind them.
“None—or very little.” His voice was almost curt. “Don’t trouble about me—the arm’s fit enough. It’ll have to be,” he added grimly.
“What do you mean?” Even as she asked the question, Susanna felt a chill of foreboding.
“A shipment tonight,” he said briefly.
“You can’t,” Susanna gasped.
“Yes, I can.” James’s lips were set in a hard, thin line. “I’ve got to. If I’m right, I’ve a chance to wind this business up once and for all.”
And with that he was gone, striding out into the evening light with only a faint check to mar the easy grace and vigor of his stride. 


Chapter 24
When Susanna returned to the drawing room, she found that Henry and Caroline had gone, and that Colonel Price had come in to join the rest of the party. 
Julia had been all but silent during the course of the afternoon, but now she looked up at the colonel’s entrance. 
“Had you any luck last night, colonel?” she asked. “Was your anonymous message accurate?”
Colonel Price grunted. “Accurate enough—the smugglers were there, all right, at the Bull and George. But that Captain Clark fellow got clean away.” 
“He got away again?” Julia asked. “That’s extraordinary, surely.”
The colonel nodded. “Escaped capture, and walked straight through gunfire from half a dozen of my best men—apparently without a scratch.” He shook his head disgustedly. “I’m beginning to think the fellow has as many lives as a cat.” 
“And have you any idea where he went? Have you plans to keep looking for him?” Susanna asked, before she could stop herself.
Colonel Price shook his head. “Nothing of value. Just have to bide our time and wait for him to slip up.” 
Susanna breathed a faint sigh of relief. At least James’s mission tonight, whatever it might be, would be conducted in comparative safety. 
All the same, the servant’s entrance a moment later made her jump. She had begun to dread the appearance of anything unexpected. And at the man’s announcement, her heart began to beat painfully within her. 
“Begging your pardon, sir.” The footman coughed deferentially and addressed himself to Colonel Price. “Begging your pardon, but this was found in the hall. Lying just on the floor, as though someone had pushed it under the door. It’s addressed to you.”
And so saying, he handed across a single sheet of folded paper, with the colonel’s name written across it in bold black letters. 
Colonel Price took the missive with an exclamation of excitement. “Another tip—we may be able to catch the fellow red-handed at last.” 
He tore the document open, and Susanna waited, scarcely able to draw breath, as his eyes scanned what was written. 
Then he fell back with a gesture of disgust. “Not a tip at all—makes no sense, as far as I can make out.” 
He crumpled the paper into a ball and was about to toss it away, but Susanna stopped him. 
“May I see it?”
Colonel Price looked surprised, but he handed the paper over to her, and with trembling fingers she smoothed it out over her knee. It was a simple enough document, printed in plain black ink on common paper, with just a single line of writing: 
You might ask yourself why a certain eligible young man is favoring the use of his left arm lately. 
“Makes no sense,” Colonel Price grunted again. “Just a lot of gibberish, as far as I can see. I don’t …”
But Susanna scarcely heard him. She had turned cold with terror. The message’s import was all too plain. James’s disguise had been penetrated. Someone had realized that Lord Ravenwood was, in reality, Captain Clark, and that he carried the bullet wound in his right shoulder to prove it. 
Somehow, Susanna contrived to behave as usual as the party dispersed to dress for dinner, but once in the safety of her own room, she paced to and fro across the floor, thinking furiously. 
Someone had realized James’s true identity. But who? And how? James had believed his unknown enemy was someone in the house. He must, then, have given himself away at some time during the afternoon. 
And then, with a cold, sickening certainty, she knew. There had been that moment at the end of his visit when he’d nearly dropped Sophia. Little enough, true, but to an already suspicious eye, it was enough to confirm a half-guessed at theory. One of those people watching must have observed James’s momentary weakness and drawn this deadly conclusion. But which? 
And now Captain Clark was once more about his perilous business, unaware that he had been recognized and that he himself was in danger. For danger there certainly was. Even now James might be walking into a trap. 
Instinctively, she started for the door, then checked and forced herself to draw a slow, deep breath. Running off wildly would do no good—she hadn’t even an idea of where to look for James. No, what was needed was calm, rational thought. 
She took another slow breath, and willed herself to think, pressing her nails tightly into the palms of her hands. Who could have written that note to the colonel? 
She walked the length of the room, then turned and walked back, her eye lighting on the drawing of her grandfather still propped in the corner where she’d placed it. Since that first evening, she’d kept her gaze studiously away from the picture, but now she stopped in the center of the room and stood, staring, at the icy, disdainful face. 
What would he say if he could see her now? Or if he could know that his son Charles had, albeit unknowingly, entertained an outlaw and a felon at Rutherford that afternoon? He’d have been livid over the disgrace to the Ward family name. 
Sir Charles’ account of her grandfather’s final words came back to her. A disgrace to the family, he’d called Susanna’s father. And he’d said something of the sort to Julia, as well—just because she was determined to marry the man she loved. But no—Susanna suddenly paused, frowning. According to Julia, she’d had no such quarrel with her grandfather before he died. 
So whom had he been speaking to, that time when Sir Charles had overheard him? He’d called someone a shame to the family name. 
And then, in a sudden blinding flash of illumination, Susanna knew. Knew everything. The meaning of her grandfather’s dying words, and the anonymous letter writer’s identity. And, what was more, she knew the true nature of James’s mission—and that of his mysterious foe. 
For an instant, Susanna was exultant, and then a sickening fear set in. She might know the truth, but what was she to do about it? If she was right, James was in deadly, desperate danger. 
She needed proof of her suspicions—proof she could take to Colonel Price, if James’s enemy was to be stopped. But that would take time. 
She had to get word to James—to warn him in some way. But how was she to know where he was? There were miles of coastline and a score of inlets and coves along the beach—any one of which might be the spot he had made for. If only there were some way of getting word to him—of finding someone who knew his whereabouts for tonight. 
Susanna checked in mid-stride, and stopped dead. There was a hope—a frail one, true, but there was just a chance she might succeed. Swiftly, she crossed to the writing desk and scrawled a hasty message, folded it, then flung on her outdoor things. There was no time for subtlety or subterfuge. Every moment might be vital. 
Without even trying to be stealthy, Susanna fairly flew out of her room, down the stairs, and out into the gathering dusk. The evening air was still balmy with the warmth of the day, and she sped through the lengthening shadows to the stable yard, where she gasped out her request to the startled groom in attendance. 
“I need a horse—quickly.”
The boy, a fresh faced, blue-eyed youth with tow-colored hair and ears that stuck out like flying gibbets from his head, could only stare at her for a moment in blank astonishment. He had been leaning lazily back against a bale of hay, chewing pensively on a single straw, but now he shifted the straw to the side of his mouth.
“A horse? But it’s nearly dinner time, miss,” he protested.
“Yes, I know.” Susanna struggled to speak calmly. “But I’ve a fancy to go for a ride, all the same. Now”—her control cracked, and her voice trembled a little—“please, will you saddle a horse for me, as quickly as you can?”
The boy still looked doubtful, but he shrugged his shoulders and went to do as she asked, moving with, to Susanna, almost incredible slowness and whistling through his teeth with maddening nonchalance. 
At last, though, the horse was saddled and ready, and Susanna fairly snatched the reigns from his hand. To her relief, the horse he had chosen was the one she had ridden last night, and the big dappled gray animal whinnied a familiar greeting and thrust its velvety nose against her neck as she approached. 
“Would you like one of us to go with you, miss?”
“No.” Susanna paused in the act of swinging herself up into the saddle and shook her head impatiently. “No, that’s all right. I shall manage quite well on my own.”
The boy shrugged his shoulders again, retreated once more to his bale of hay, and selected a fresh straw to chew. He had done his duty, and washed his hands of all young females and their whims. 
Susanna dug her heels into the horse’s sides and was off, galloping down the drive with reckless speed. She flashed past the gatekeeper and his wife, taking advantage of these last hours of daylight to set out some bulbs in their garden. They looked up with astonishment as she went by, but she didn’t pause, and the next moment she was on the main road, speeding down towards the town. 
There was little traffic on the road at this hour. The laborers in the field were just finishing their work for the day, and the only vehicles Susanna encountered were the heavy wooden carts, piled high with straw, trundling on their way homewards as the sky gradually changed from azure to navy. The horse responded to her touch with almost human sympathy, mane streaming out behind as he galloped forward under her guidance. 
If only she might find the place—and if only she might be in time. She strained her eyes to see through the falling dusk, and at long last made out on the horizon the ragged, make-shift camp, with its cobbled together tent of blankets and stone-ringed fire-pit. There were three small figures clustered around the swinging copper kettle—only three. Susanna felt a pang of despair. 
She reigned in the horse and swung herself down to approach the camp. Mary, Dan, and Ben looked up, their eyes round with wonder. 
“Hello.” Not wishing to frighten them, Susanna forced herself to speak softly. “Is your brother Tom about?”
There was a long silence, and Susanna feared she had, indeed, come too late. Then the girl, Mary, nodded. 
“In the tent,” she said. “With mum. Her’s feeling poorly, like.”
“I’m sorry,” Susanna began. And then, the tent flaps parted, and Tom’s russet head appeared.
“Who you talking to, Mary?” Then, catching sight of Susanna, “Oh, it’s you, miss.”
He scrambled out from the tent and came to greet her. “What can I do for you?” His tone was not unfriendly, but his face was wary. 
“What are you doing here, miss?”
“I came to find you, Tom.” Susanna spoke urgently, her voice low. “You must tell me—where is Captain Clark tonight? Do you know?”
Tom drew in his breath sharply and caught his lip between his teeth, but didn’t reply. His face had gone studiously blank, and he started to shake his head. 
“You must tell me, Tom—you must,” Susanna pleaded. “I know you’ve been working for him. That was why you wouldn’t take the job with my uncle, wasn’t it?”
Still Tom didn’t reply, and Susanna went on desperately. “It’s vitally important I find Captain Clark tonight. There’s someone who wants him caught, Tom—someone who wishes him harm. And I’ve got to find him—to warn him—before it’s too late.” 
Tom studied her face for another long moment. Then, “I can get word to him, miss. I think I know where he is.” 
“You think? You’re not sure?”
Tom shook his head. “Not for certain, miss.” 
Susanna bit her lip. She would have to chance it. But if Tom had guessed wrong … 
It was all the more imperative, then, that she succeed in finding the proof she sought—and that meant she had to be off quickly. Swiftly, she dug in her reticule for the note she’d written before leaving. 
“Take this—take it and give it to Captain Clark.” She pressed the note into the boy’s hand.
She had been half afraid Tom would refuse—or would ask for further explanations. But he was only silent a moment, studying her with those piercingly clear blue eyes. Then he nodded. “All right, miss. I’ll get word to him, never fear. You can count on me.” 
And with that, he turned, and was off, down the road towards the beach, bare feet flying on the earthen track. 


Chapter 25
Susanna watched him go, a chill of fear creeping down her spine. If Tom failed to find James … but she wouldn’t think of that now. If she were to help James, she must hurry. She turned her horse, and was away once more, kicking up little clouds of dust as they pounded along, back the way they had come. 
When she reached the rectory, Susanna reined in her horse and, heart racing, climbed down from the saddle to survey the house before her. The place appeared deserted. No light appeared in the windows, and no sound reached her to mar the stillness of the summer evening. 
In a moment, Susanna had tethered her horse to a clump of nearby trees and was creeping round the side of the house, through the little stone-walled churchyard. Tangles of creepers knotted themselves about her ankles and tore at her clothes like grasping hands, and once she tripped and nearly fell against a great, moss-covered tomb stone. But she pressed on, moving stealthily around the eastern wing of the house to the set of French windows she remembered from her earlier visit. 
The windows were closed, but not locked, and the latch yielded easily to her touch. Susanna stepped through into her Uncle Henry’s study, and paused a moment on the mat, looking round the room, gray and ghostly in the dim twilight, and listening hard for any signs of another’s presence. The room was silent, though, and empty, the papers on the big wooden desk piled neatly together, the books ranged in order on their shelves. 
Susanna approached the desk cautiously. Here, if anywhere, she might find what she needed. She began to shuffle through the stacks of papers, straining her eyes to make out the writing in the half-light of the rapidly falling dusk. 
“Looking for something, my dear Susanna?”
The voice behind her made her whirl round, heart racing, and she found herself staring into the cold, disapproving face of Henry Ward. 
“Uncle Henry,” she gasped. She recovered herself quickly, and fixed a smile on her face. “How you startled me. I was looking for the Latin psalm you spoke of yesterday. I know I should have asked your permission …”
She trailed off, for Henry was shaking his head slowly from side to side. “Don’t trouble to invent a lie, my dear Susanna.” He still spoke in the same mild, gentle tone, but the gray eyes behind his spectacles were as cold as ice. “I know quite well what you were looking for. You won’t find it, though. Do you suppose I’m fool enough to leave incriminating documents lying about for all to see?” 
He smiled suddenly—a slow, grim smile that made Susanna’s blood seem to freeze in her veins. 
“Really, though, I ought to be thankful you were foolish enough to make the attempt,” Henry went on. “What made you begin to suspect me, I don’t know, but you’ve made yourself quite a nuisance. I hoped you’d take the gentle warning I left in your bedroom, but you appear to have ignored it.” He shook his head gently. “Foolish, my dear. Very foolish.”
“Then it was you who played the trick with my shawl?”
Henry nodded. “Yes, I slipped up just before dinner, after Colonel Price and I parted. I hoped you’d take the hint and leave off prying into what was none of your concern. But unfortunately—for you—you didn’t.” 
He paused reflectively. “Yes, you’ve been very clever, my dear. Very clever indeed. But if I may say so, you made your suspicions just a little too obvious. It put me on my guard against you, you see.” 
Susanna was thinking desperately. Her only chance lay in the message she’d sent to James by way of Tom. It was a frail enough hope, at that. Tom might not know where to find James—or James might not get the message in time. Still, if she was to hold out until rescue could arrive, she must play for time. 
She forced her dry lips open, and was pleased to find that her voice, when she spoke, was steady. “You’re wrong there, Uncle Henry,” she said. “I never suspected you at all—not until tonight, that is. Anything that happened to make you think I mistrusted you was just pure chance.” 
“Dear, dear.” Henry clicked his tongue mildly. “How true it is that ‘conscience doth make cowards of us all.’ I felt sure you suspected what I was up to when you asked me about the local smuggling—and when you were so insistent on seeing the manuscript I’d just received from France.”
Susanna shook her head. “No—I’d no idea of anything sinister. Not until tonight.” She paused and swallowed. “It’s true, then? You’ve been acting as a spy for the French? Using Captain Clark and his gang to get messages back and forth to Napoleon’s forces?” 
Henry Ward smiled that slow, chilling smile again. “And a very successful spy I’ve made, my dear. I’ve been able to ferry messages back and forth from France to Napoleon’s agents in this country. An interest in rare manuscripts makes an excellent excuse for getting documents from all over Europe. Sometimes the manuscripts are genuine, but often they’re carefully made fakes, with coded messages written in along with the old Latin or Norse or what have you. And,” he added, “I’ve helped smuggle quite a number of French spies in and out of the country.” 
Susanna nodded. “I suppose you mean those ‘fellow scholars’ my aunt spoke of?” 
He nodded. “Bonaparte’s agents. Caroline is obligingly stupid,” he added contemptuously. “It’s been rather a bore, having to endure her reproaches for bringing unexpected guests home with me, but she’s never for a moment suspected our visitors were anything but what they claimed to be. And that has made it far, far easier to endure all Caroline’s nagging.” 
His lips twisted, and Susanna saw, all at once, the lure of a career in spying to such a man as Henry Ward. Repressed, forced into the church by his father, bullied and dominated by his wife, what it must have meant to Henry to have carried on this secret life of danger and intrigue. The knowledge of how he had deceived all those around him must have been as heady and intoxicating as wine. 
Almost as though he had read her thoughts, Henry went on. “Yes, I’ve been very successful. And how I’ve laughed behind my hand at all the rest of my loving family. They all try so hard to be kind to poor, henpecked Henry—when they’re not forgetting about me or despising me, that is. I’ve made fading into insignificance an art. It would never occur to any of them that I was channeling information back and forth to France.” 
He paused, and his cold, colorless eyes flicked over Susanna. “What made you suspect me?” 
“It was something my grandfather said. According to Colonel Price, Grandfather was all in favor of catching the smugglers at first, but then he seemed to change his mind, and wanted the colonel to call off the hunt. I thought it was queer at the time, but I didn’t realize what it might mean until later. Then Uncle Charles told me he’d overheard my grandfather castigating Julia for ‘disgracing the family name’ by wanting to marry Mr. Carswell.
“But Julia told me my grandfather hadn’t been speaking to her. She did tell me what my grandfather’s last words were, though. He raved about cutting his son off from him forever for having shamed the family.”
Susanna swallowed. “I thought he was speaking of my father—that he was reliving the old quarrel. But later I realized he might have been speaking of another of his sons—and a more recent disgrace.” 
Henry was nodding. “I see. Yes, you’re quite right. My father did discover my secret. He came into my study once when I wasn’t here and rifled through the papers on my desk.” 
Henry’s lips tightened. “He was like that—he liked to have a hand in everyone’s affairs—and especially his children’s. It never would have occurred to him that I might have papers I wished to keep private.” 
For an instant, the cold eyes blazed with resentment. The look was extinguished almost at once, though, and Henry went on, just as calmly, in the same level voice. 
“He came to me—confronted me with what he’d learned. He even threatened to expose me, but I knew I wasn’t in any danger from him.”
His lip curled. “The family honor meant a good deal too much for him to risk smirching it in that way. A Ward of Rutherford Hall arrested for espionage?” Henry shook his head. “One would think such a thing would never be possible.” He hesitated, thoughtfully. “Though ‘never’ is an absolute term, and in this veil of tears, where moth and rust doth corrupt, one can hardly ever be certain that changes will not occur.” 
“And so you killed him.”
He gave a small, private smile. “A simple push. Really, all too easy. And none of the rest of my dear family even thought of suspecting me.” 
He paused a moment, then turned back to Susanna. “And now”—his eyes, fixed speculatively on her, were as chill and expressionless as polished steel balls—“and now, my dear Susanna, time is getting on.” He paused. “I’d best be dealing with you, before …” 
Susanna’s heart began to beat. How long had she stood here? It felt like hours, but it could not have been more than a few minutes, at most. Even if Tom had run like the wind, there had not been time enough for James to have gotten her message. 
She interrupted Henry swiftly. She had to keep him talking. 
“You were deceived yourself by Captain Clark, though, weren’t you?”
At that, a faint line of irritation appeared between Henry’s brows, but he nodded. “Yes, I was deceived. It was several months before I began to suspect that the man I’d been using to pass information was actually an agent of the British government.” 
“What made you realize the truth?”
“There were certain signs—small, at first, but growing steadily more unmistakable, that my messages were reaching the British Admiralty as well as Napoleon. And then the spies I helped to smuggle into the country began to be rounded up and captured almost as soon as I’d settled them in their positions. It took me some months, as I say, but it began to dawn on me that Captain Clark was actually a spy as well, working for England in the hopes of trapping me.”
“But didn’t Captain Clark ever see you?” Susanna asked. “Didn’t he know who it was who was employing him?”
“No, never.” Henry Ward looked pleased. “I was most careful about that. All our communications were written—we never met in person. I’d leave messages to be carried to France in a certain hidden spot with an agreed on sum of money, and he would ferry them across to France when he sailed to get the next shipment of brandy. Since what both of us were doing was illegal, neither of us dared betray the other—or so I thought.”
Henry’s voice hardened, and his eyes were suddenly angry. “When I began to suspect the truth, I started to lay traps for him—sending anonymous messages to Colonel Price in the hopes he’d be captured and hung for his crimes. Captain Clark always managed to escape though, and …” 
Susanna had stopped listening. Her eyes, scanning the room desperately, had lighted on a paper knife, lying on one corner of the desk beside her. If she could just reach it … 
It was a chance, but she thought she could be quick enough. Henry was not watching her at all. His face was thoughtful, and he was staring past Susanna as though deep in his own reflections. Cautiously, she began to edge sideways towards the desk. 
But instantly, Henry’s eyes came back into focus, and he smiled unpleasantly. “I wouldn’t try it, if I were you, Susanna,” he said. “Just move away from that paper knife, my dear. That’s right.” 
He smiled again. “It’s not that I don’t trust you,” he said gently, “but I don’t think—I really don’t think—that I should allow you to come too near a thing like that.” 
In one swift movement he had gathered up the knife himself and dropped it into his pocket, withdrawing at the same time a small, ivory-handled pistol. 
At the sight of the weapon, Susanna froze, and felt the blood drain away from her face. 
“Just move to the right, a bit, if you don’t mind.” Henry said pleasantly. He gestured with the gun. “I shouldn’t like to have to shoot you here—such a lot of mess and blood. But I will if I’m forced to. I’m quite a good shot. Yes, that’s right.” He nodded approval as Susanna moved numbly to obey.
The gun was held negligently—almost carelessly—in his hand, but its aim never wavered. Any sudden moves on her part, Susanna realized, any attempts at escape, and he would pull the trigger instantly. She wouldn’t stand a chance. 
But the need for confession appeared to have grown on Henry. After so many years of secrecy, it must be a relief to speak—to be able to boast of his own cleverness. 
“Now, where was I?” He was saying. “Ah, yes. I started to lay traps for Captain Clark.”
“Including dressing up as an old beggar and carrying an anonymous tip to the colonel the other night?”
Henry raised his eyebrows. “Oh, so you’ve tumbled to that, have you? Yes, that old man whose habits of personal hygiene so offended our good butler was me. I thought the disguise rather neat, myself.” 
“It was,” Susanna admitted. “I’d never have recognized you.”
“Yes,” agreed Henry with a complacent smile. “Captain Clark isn’t the only one with a flair for theatrics.” His eyes narrowed, and his face hardened once more. “And if Colonel Price weren’t such an incompetent ass, Captain Clark would have been arrested, and I’d have been free to continue my work in peace.”
“However, as it happened, the effort wasn’t wasted. Captain Clark was wounded—and it was that that allowed me to learn his real identity—and discover why our master smuggler seemed to simply vanish into thin air when he wasn’t out, pursuing his daring exploits.”
“It wasn’t until I saw him nearly drop my overly amorous sister and realized he was concealing a wounded arm that I realized Captain Clark and our charming neighbor Lord Ravenwood were one and the same. Tell me, did Colonel Price get the message I left for him?”
Susanna nodded. “Yes, he got it. But he hasn’t yet realized what it means.” 
Henry gave a snort of annoyance. “I might have known—I might have expected the good colonel would be too thick-headed to figure out any but the most straightforward accusation—though I did think I’d made the hint strong enough.” 
He clicked his tongue. “Well, it can’t be helped. I shall just have to try again. Colonel Price will have another message before the evening is out. And Lord Ravenwood will have a rather unpleasant surprise waiting for him when he returns to Highnoons tonight.” 
“But you haven’t sent the message to Colonel Price yet?” Susanna asked. In spite of herself, her voice shook slightly.
Henry noted the tremor, and laughed. “Worried about the safety of your favorite, Susanna? Do you know, I don’t think I should trouble about young Ravenwood if I were you. You should be much more worried about your own odds of survival.” 
He took a half step forward, and, instinctively, Susanna retreated until the edge of the desk pressed painfully against her spine. 
“Why, Susanna,” Henry’s tone was mocking. “Don’t tell me you’re frightened of your own uncle?” He laughed again. Then, “But no, since you ask, I have not yet dispatched the vital message to the colonel. Time enough for that, though, after I’ve dealt with you.”
“Dealt with me?” Susanna swallowed. “What are you going to do?” Her mouth had gone suddenly dry, and her heart was beating painfully against her ribs. Still, though, she struggled to keep her voice steady.
“Yes, I shall have to find a way to deal with you.” Henry’s colorless eyes behind the thick lenses were speculative. “I wonder, now. An accident on the beach? A foolish girl, walking alone along the cliffs, who misses her footing?”
He put his head to one side, then shook his head regretfully. “No, I think not. Too much room for error—too many opportunities for people to ask awkward questions.” 
“If you mean that you’re going to kill me,” Susanna said, “I warn you that Lord Ravenwood knows who and what you are—he’ll suspect you at once if anything happens to me.”
Henry laughed unpleasantly. “Lord Ravenwood knows, does he? Well, I think I’ll take the risk. I doubt Colonel Price will be persuaded to take the word of a smuggler before that of a respectable country vicar—and the brother of one of his closest friends. Besides, there won’t be anything obvious to investigate.” 
Henry paused and smiled with satisfaction. “I’ve thought of a much better idea than a staged accident. Shall I tell you how it will be? Miss Susanna Ward, daughter of the unfortunate black sheep of the Ward family, will suddenly find the strain of associating with her wealthy relations too much for her. Her pride will rebel, and she will leave Rutherford Hall, without a word to anyone, to accept a post as governess and continue on her solitary, self-supporting way. She will leave no address, but, perhaps, a few weeks from now a letter will reach Sir Charles from his errant niece, thanking him for his hospitality, assuring him that she is well and happy in her new post—and asking the family to make no attempt to contact her. And then perhaps someone will be sent by to collect her belongings.”
Henry paused. “Yes, I think that will do admirably.” 
Henry smiled his slow, chilling smile, but, oddly enough, Susanna was all at once no longer frightened. A faint, warming flicker of anger had kindled within her, driving out the fear. She wouldn’t allow Henry to succeed. Her Uncle Charles was not to believe she had gone away—that she had thrown all his goodness and hospitality back in his face and left without a word of farewell. 
“You can’t hope to get away with it, you know.” Susanna kept her voice steady. “James—Lord Ravenwood—will be able to prove to the colonel eventually that he’s not a criminal—and that he’s been sent here as a government agent.”
Henry laughed again. “Very probably, my dear. But that will take time—time while he persuades them to contact the authorities, time for those he works for in London to send word as to his veracity. I should think I have a few weeks, at least, the state of the roads and the mail being what it is—by which time, I shall have wrapped up my business here, and be well on my way to France. I’ve been paid enough—and I’ve saved enough—to live quite comfortably over there.” 
“You’re mad,” Susanna gasped.
The colorless eyes, glittering behind their spectacles, turned on her coldly and an irritated frown crossed her uncle’s face. “I wouldn’t say that, my dear. No, I really wouldn’t say that.” His voice was mild, but the muscles of his jaw worked convulsively. He mastered himself, though, and went on. 
“Now then.” His manner was suddenly brisk and businesslike. “I’ve wasted quite time enough with you here. If I’m to deliver a message to the colonel, I must finish things here and be on my way.”
He spoke, Susanna thought, as though killing her were a mere necessary daily chore to be attended to—as mundane as feeding the chickens or ordering meat from the butcher. 
She fought down the panic that rose in her throat. “And what about Aunt Caroline?” She asked quickly. 
Henry frowned. “Caroline? What about her?” 
“Will she go with you to France?”
“Go with me?” Henry laughed. “Would anyone in his right mind take Caroline anywhere if he could help it? No, my wife will be in for something of a shock when she awakens one morning to find that her husband—her devoted lackey and serf—has flown the coop and gone.”
At the mention of his wife, Henry’s control had started to crack. His voice rose, and the hand that held the revolver shook slightly, but Susanna had ceased attending. Her eye had been caught by a hint of motion in the darkened window to Henry’s right, and for the first time, a flicker of hope sprang up within her. Could this be a sign of rescue? She mustn’t let Henry suspect, though—she mustn’t draw his attention to the direction of the movement. 
Resolutely, she kept her eyes fixed directly on her uncle’s face. “I wish I could be here to see the look on Caroline’s face—and on everyone else’s faces—when they realize the truth,” he was saying. “I could see how everyone pitied me—poor old Henry.” His lips writhed. “Such a dried up old stick. So much under the thumb of his wife. Can’t call his soul his own, poor man. I’ve seen them all—seen them all despising me. And I’ve laughed—God, how I’ve laughed, to think what their faces would be if only they knew the truth.” 
He broke off with a low, terrible laugh, and then went on in a business-like tone that was, if anything, more terrible still. 
“But now, my dear, I really can’t waste any more time.” He raised the gun. “If you’ll just step into the garden …”
Pressed up against the desk, Susanna felt despair flood through her in a wave. She must have been mistaken about the rescue. There had been no other sign of movement at the window. She was on her own, then. If she were to save herself, she must act now. 
Her groping hands found a cut-glass inkwell, and her fingers closed over it tightly. Henry had moved his hand to gesture towards the doorway, and the gun was no longer pointing at her. This was the moment, then. She might not get another such chance. 
With a deep breath, she heaved the inkwell at her uncle with all her strength. Henry gave an angry cry of surprise. The well itself struck him only a glancing blow across the cheek, but the oily black fluid spattered over his face, and he clawed at his eyes, trying to clear his sight.  
And then the windows flew open, and a man’s dark figure burst into the room and tackled Henry, dragging him to the ground. 
Henry still held the gun, though, and as he went down, there was the sharp crack of a report, and a flash of light, blindingly bright. Susanna felt a hard blow to her shoulder, and then a hot, searing pain. Her hand moved by reflex and, through the fabric of her dress, she felt something wet and warm.  
Her knees buckled under her, and she would have fallen if she hadn’t been propped up against the desk. Her senses began to spin, and the scene swam before her eyes, so that she seemed scarcely to be able to take in what was happening. 
Two men grappled together with desperate ferocity on the floor. The man she had first known as Captain Clark had her uncle in a choking grip about the throat and was gradually forcing him down towards the floor. He had the advantage of age and strength both, and would easily have overpowered the older man.  
But James was wounded—his right arm all but useless—and, as Susanna watched in a daze of stupefied horror, she saw Henry’s fist come up and strike with sickening force at James’s injured shoulder. She heard James give a grunt of pain, saw his grip falter and weaken. Henry still retained tight hold on the pistol, and now he slowly raised the gun and … 
James’s fist connected with Henry’s jaw. Susanna saw her uncle go limp. The hand that held the pistol went slack. The gun clattered to the floor.  
James turned from the unconscious man to her. And then, as he saw her bleeding wound, he gave a cry, his face blanching. 
“Susanna—my God, Susanna.” He sprang forward.
But before she could feel his arms around her, darkness closed in.  
Susanna felt herself sliding, slowly, into oblivion. 


Chapter 26
“Susanna, my dear. There’s a visitor to see you.” Sir Charles peered into the morning room, where Susanna was seated, a book open on her lap.
She had been half-reclining on a nest of cushions beside an open window, but now she sat up, wincing only a little at the pain in her shoulder. 
It had been several days since that terrible scene in the study with Henry, and the wound ached only occasionally, when she moved too suddenly or jarred it. Mr. Carswell had extracted the bullet, and pronounced her very lucky indeed. 
“Another inch to the left, and it would have struck the bone,” he’d said. “As it is, you’ve escaped with remarkably little damage. You’ll mend.”
And, indeed, she was already feeling stronger. Today, Mr. Carswell had declared her sufficiently recovered to get out of bed, and so, with Rose’s help, she had donned a loose-fitting blue muslin gown. Her Uncle Charles, all anxious attendance, had wanted to carry her downstairs, but she had said she was well able to walk, and had come down on his arm, instead. 
Now Sir Charles looked at her closely, his blue eyes anxious in his square-cut, ruddy face. “I told him he might come in, but if you’re too tired …” 
“No, I’m all right, Uncle Charles.”
Her heart began to beat. Susanna smoothed her dress, and the next moment, James came into the room.  
James.
Susanna had seen nothing of him since Henry’s capture, and now, as she looked up into the dark, lean face, she felt faintly embarrassed, though she couldn’t have said why. 
James, too, seemed less at his ease than usual. His eyes were hooded, and Susanna thought there was something a little awkward about the bow he made her. 
He looked round the room. “All alone this afternoon?”  
Susanna nodded. “For the moment. Julia and Mr. Carswell have gone out together for a drive.”  
James’s eyebrows lifted. “Oh?” 
Susanna nodded. “Yes—they’re to be married. I expect the news will be announced soon enough. My aunt Sophia’s withdrawn her objections, and they’re engaged.” 
She didn’t add that it was the discovery of Captain Clark’s true identity—and the realization that her favorite had been posing as a smuggler—that had shocked Sophia into agreeing to the match. Perhaps James guessed something of the sort. 
He only nodded, though. “I’m glad. Carswell’s a good man.” There was a moment’s silence, and then he asked, “And Charles? And Caroline? How have they taken the news about Henry?”  
“Remarkably well. Uncle Charles was grieved, of course—but he’s thankful to have the ordeal over and settled. And Caroline has departed the neighborhood. She says she plans to move into a smaller establishment closer to her own family in the North. My uncle means to make her an annuity of some sort, so she won’t have to trouble about money.”
James nodded, and there was another long silence. “I suppose the colonel’s left, then?” 
“Yesterday morning, yes.” Colonel Price had departed for London with his prisoner. Henry would be tried for his crimes, and the law’s punishment enacted.
Susanna shivered, thinking of the warped, bitter man she had known so briefly. He had threatened to kill her—indeed, if James had not stopped him, he would have done it. Of that she was sure. But all the same, Henry might have been different. In a different family—or a different time, he might have grown straight and honorable, instead of twisted and vengeful. 
James’s voice cut into her thoughts. “And what are your plans?” he asked. 
Susanna forced her thoughts away from Henry and his fate. “My uncle Charles has asked me to stay here, and I’ve accepted.” She smiled. Here, at least, was something to feel glad over. “He’d have been all alone, you see. My aunt Sophia intends to rent a house in London, and Julia is to be married …” 
“I see. So the divided halves of the Ward family are to be reunited at last?” James asked lightly.
Susanna nodded. Oddly enough, she could think of her father’s old quarrel with Sir William Ward without bitterness or anger, now. Perhaps it was the discovery of Henry’s guilt. Susanna felt almost sorry for the grandfather she’d known so briefly. How he must have suffered when he’d learned of his son’s betrayal. At any rate, she could forgive Sir William the old quarrel—and take pleasure in the idea of coming home to Rutherford Hall at last. 
She paused a moment, and then asked politely, “And you? I take it the infamous Captain Clark will now vanish into the shadows whence he came?” She had looked away, staring out at the gently swaying trees. 
He nodded. “Yes, Captain Clark will never be seen again along the Kentish coast. That particular character will fade away until nothing remains but the stuff of vague myth and legend. His most faithful employees will find themselves remembered with a small pension, though—and the means to find gainful employment through more orthodox channels.” 
“Tom?” Susanna asked quickly.
For the first time, James’s face softened, though he didn’t meet her gaze “That boy deserves a medal for coming and finding me as he did. But failing that, I’m going to see that he and his family are taken care of.” 
He smiled faintly. “Working for the celebrated smuggler has given the boy a taste for sailing. I’ve spoken to him, and he’s expressed a desire to go into the Navy. I’ll see him enrolled in the academy in a year or two—and look after his mother and the rest of the family, as well. It’s the least I can do.” 
He did look at her then, briefly, but looked swiftly away again, dark face unreadable. 
“And what are your plans?” Susanna asked again. “Where will you go?”
She thought a muscle at the corner of his mouth tightened, but he merely shrugged and turned abruptly away, resting one hand against the mantle.  
“God knows—it’s not for me to say. France perhaps—or Switzerland. I shall go where I’m needed.”
“Then you”—Susanna hesitated—“you make a practice of this sort of thing?”
He smiled briefly at that. “Of spying, do you mean? Yes, I, as you put it, make a practice of it. I have an estate in the North, right enough—so much was true. But”—he shrugged his shoulders—“I could never settle down to the quiet life of a country squire. I’m told my mother had gypsy blood in her—perhaps that accounts for it. It’s an excuse, at least. I’ve been an agent of the Crown since war first broke out with France. I’ve been in Paris—Spain—Egypt. Wherever the battles are being fought and intelligence is needed.”  
He had been staring away, his face set, but now he turned and his eyes, dark and intent, met hers. 
“It’s not much of a life—not to ask a woman to share.”
Susanna’s cheeks were suddenly suffused with color, and she looked quickly away. 
“It mightn’t matter—not if she were the right woman,” she managed to say.
“Susanna”—he came forward and took one of her hands. “Susanna, I’ve no right to speak to you this way. God knows I tried hard enough not to. I can’t ask you to put yourself in danger for my sake. What happened in your uncle’s study showed you well enough what life with me would be like.”
Susanna glanced involuntarily down at her bandaged arm. “We should have matching bullet holes, for one thing.” 
She had intended to make him smile, but his face remained sober, his eyes shadowed. 
“I tried to keep you out of danger. That’s why I couldn’t tell you what I was about—why I was posing as a smuggler. If you’d known the truth, the risk to you would have increased tenfold.”
“And what gives you the right to decide what risks I run?” Susanna was suddenly filled with emotion. Was it anger? Defiance? Her voice rose. “You men are all alike—keep the women safely out of the way so you can be spared the trouble of worrying about them.”
“You—” he began, but she interrupted before he could go on.
“I can take care of myself, I’ll have you know. And if I choose to take chances—and put myself in danger—neither you nor anyone else is going to stop me.”
For a moment, his face darkened, and they glowered furiously at one another. And then, incredibly, he was laughing, his head thrown back, his whole body shaking with mirth. 
And so was Susanna. The room seemed filled with sunlight, the air suddenly fresh and clear. 
“I don’t suppose I could, at that,” he said, when at last they both could speak. “I don’t seem to have much success keeping you out of danger, do I?”
“Straight into the lion’s den,” replied Susanna with a smile, “without a thought for the risks.”
“—or your own safety. Very well, my dear.”
All at once, he sobered and took her face gently between his hands. “I shall allow you to run what risks you choose—provided you allow me to be there to share them with you. Is it a bargain?” 
Susanna’s heart was hammering wildly against her ribs, but she lifted her chin and nodded. “It’s a bargain,” she agreed. 
And, very gravely, they shook hands.  
Susanna knew once again that wonderful feeling of certainty that had risen within her the first moment they had met. Her impulses had been true. This was right. 
James.
And with another laugh, he pulled her into his arms. 
 
THE END 
 

Dear Reader—
Thank you for reading Susanna and the Spy. Susanna and James return for another adventure in London Calling. You may also enjoy Georgiana Darcy’s Diary, a continuation of Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice. Volume 2 of Georgiana’s diary, titled Pemberley to Waterloo, is also available.
If you have enjoyed this book and would like to see more like it, please consider reviewing it and/or tagging it on your favorite sites and telling your literary friends about it. Plans for future projects will be based in part on reader feedback and the success of previous projects. It would give me great joy to write what you want to read.
If you have found errors or would like to comment privately, I would be grateful for an email at ae@annaelliottbooks.com. Thank you again.
 
For a current list of Anna Elliott titles, please visit:
   www.AnnaElliottBooks.com
 


  
www.AnnaElliottBooks.com

