Chapter 1                    

	Wade, the youngest son of Jack and Olivia Haden, was a restless sort. Hot tempered and impatient, he ran away from home at eighteen and headed straight to Tennessee. He had heard all of the stories of his parents’ younger days there and wanted to see it for himself. He felt like there was nothing in Hazeldale, Texas for him and that he was certainly man enough to take care of himself.
	After seeing the old home place, he traveled up to Memphis and got a job as a farrier, but shoeing horses was not Wade’s strong suit. He was an excellent horseman and soon found employment as a trainer with a man in Kentucky that raised racehorses. He was a good and faithful employee and ended up staying there for six years before heading back to Texas. 
	
	Now home from his travels and in the year of our Lord, 1900, twenty-five year old Wade Haden could not have been happier as he danced with Christine, his childhood sweetheart, at the Easter Festival Dance in the county seat town of Comanche. He had always been in love with her since their schooldays together. He was her protector until the day he left home and headed East. She was the only reason he ever came back to Hazeldale. Had it not been for her, he would have been in Arizona on some land that his previous employer had given him of a couple of years back. 
	Christine was curious about his absence. She had heard the rumors, but she wanted the truth. “So, Wade, what have you been doin’ all these years?” she asked to get the conversation going. 
	“Has been a long time, ain’t it?” he smiled as they continued to dance.
	“I heard you got back to Hazeldale about a year ago,” she said.
	“That I did. I’ve just been keepin’ myself busy,” he told her. “I didn’t feel much like getting’ out and socializin’.”
	“Well, I’ve heard a lot about you while you were gone.”
	“Like what?”
	“Some people say you went back East to find your fame and fortune in horseracing,” she began to try to sort out the truth from the rumors.
	He nodded and smiled, “I did race a few horses.”
	“Some people say that you became an alcoholic,” she kept going.
	“I did drink a little,” he grinned. “Can’t deny that.” He looked at her as if he were wishing that she would stop questioning him. The song they were dancing to ended, but he did not offer to escort her back to her seat. Instead, he looked off for a moment and waited for the band to start playing again. “Now, I’ve got a question for you,” he said.
	“Okay.”
	“Will you go to church with me tomorrow mornin’?” he asked.
	I’d love to,” Christine smiled and then thought for a moment. “You’d better pick me up about nine ‘cause it takes about an hour or so to get there in a buggy.”
	“I know,” Wade grinned. “Just gettin’ there is gonna be the best part.” They continued to dance making occasional eye contact and then they would shyly smile and look away. 
	A jealous Clint Osborne watched with the other onlookers. Clint and Wade had been childhood rivals. In fact, he played a role in Wade’s departure from the community. The Osborne family had settled in the Hazeldale area around fifteen years before. They were a money family from Mississippi. Clint’s grandfather had made a fortune on a cotton plantation back before the war and had owned thousands of acres and hundreds of slaves. The war had been hard on them, but they had managed to leave with more money than most people in Comanche County had ever heard of or even hoped to make in a lifetime. When they came to Hazeldale, Clint’s father bought up all of the country that was for sale and then some. 
	Clint always wanted to win Christine over, but never could. She had told him once that they could never be more than friends. He thought that she would come around eventually. Now, with Wade back in the picture, he could feel his chances diminish. Finally, he could not stand it any longer and walked over to where they were dancing. He patted Wade on the shoulder to cut in, but Wade ignored him and continued dancing with Christine. “I’m cuttin’ in,” he said loudly to Wade.
	“Like hell you are,” Wade answered back.
	“I ask to cut in and you’re supposed to let me,” Clint informed him. 
	Wade stopped dancing and turned around to face him, but never let go of Christine’s hand. “If you want to dance with the lady, I suggest that you wait your turn.”
	Clint felt like hitting Wade right then and there, but he thought better of it. He just shook his head and quickly walked away. Wade watched him leave and then turned around smiling at Christine. “Damn, I’m glad he did that. I thought I was goin’ to have to fight him for a minute.”
	“You can’t blame Clint, he’s had a crush on me for a long time,” Christine told him.
	“Dat blame, it’s easy to see why,” Wade smiled at her. “I’d be mad too if I saw you dancin’ with someone else other than me.”
	Christine blushed and slapped him playfully on the shoulder. “Silly!”

	Edward Jordan, Christine’s father, had become a big man over the years and for every pound that he put on, he became a little more bitter about the events in his life. He was sitting on the front porch that Sunday morning when Wade came to call. He had known the Haden kids all of their lives and Wade was always his least favorite. 	“Just what the hell do you want here?” he asked as Wade pulled the buggy to a stop.
	“Me and Christine are goin’ to church,” Wade answered cheerfully.
	“I hope that you’ll consider makin’ this your last trip over here,” he said as he began rocking back and forth in the rocking chair.
	“How come?” Wade asked as he got down from the buggy and started walking up to the porch.
	 “Your daddy is one of the finest men I ever knowed and I’ve knowed you boys all of ya’ll’s lives, and your brother is good boy, but you was always a restless kid with big ideas and none of ‘em ever amounted to anything. Now, here you are again after pullin’ that disappearin’ act. Hell, even your family didn’t know where you was.” He shook his head as if he were disgusted. “What I mean to say is that I don’t want you comin’ ‘round here to see my daughter.”
	Wade nodded, but did not say anything. Thankfully, Christine opened the front door and smiled. “We’d better be on our way.”
	Wade sighed his relief and offered her his arm as they walked to the buggy.

	After the church service, Wade seemed to be in deep thought as he and Christine were riding along in silence. He was not being moody, he wanted to ask her something, but dreaded her reaction. “The preacher preached a good sermon today, don’t you think?” he asked to break the silence.
	“He sure did,” Christine answered. “I didn’t know you were such a church orientated man, Wade. You sure wadn’t that way when we were kids.”
	Wade nodded and thought for a moment. “There’s somethin’ I gotta ask you.”
	“Go ahead, Wade”
	“You gotta promise me that you ain’t gonna get mad if you don’t like what I’ve got to say,” he said nervously.
	“I promise.”
	“I was wonderin’ about askin’ you to marry me and I’m prayin’ that you’ll say yes.”
	Much to his relief, Christine smiled and patted him on the arm. “You go ahead and continue prayin’, Wade; I’ll have to think about this for awhile.”
	“What’s there to think about?” he asked quickly. While he was glad that she was not upset with him, he just had to know why she did not accept his proposal. “We’ve been in love since we were kids.”
	“Well, that’s true, Wade, but I ain’t seen you in years and then you suddenly pop back into my life and want to pick right up where we left off just like nothing ever happened.
	“I love you and you know that,” he told her somewhat embarrassed about having to voice his feelings for her. “I’ve got a brand new plan and I’m certain that we’ll be happy. I’ve got some land out in Arizona and I want us to move out there as soon as we get married.”
	Christine looked over at him as if he had lost his mind. “How did you ever come to own land in Arizona?” 
	“The man I used to work for in Tennessee gave it to me for a job well done. A couple of horses that I trained won a few races and he was feelin’ generous I reckon. Heck, it ain’t like he was ever gonna use it.”
	“Tell me some more about your adventures while you was gone all that time. All I know is a bunch of talk that the neighbors said about you and your family.”
 	“Well, dat blame, there ain’t much to talk about,” he said. “I just broke and trained a few horses.”
	Christine smiled and shook her head. Getting information out of Wade Haden was like squeezing blood out of a turnip.





Chapter 2

	 James Logston was an old family friend of the Hadens and was standing out at his corral with Wade looking at the two horses that he had broken for him. “You did a plum good job. You must have a knack for breakin’ horses, Wade.”
	“I didn’t charge you too much, did I?” Wade asked, he wanted to be fair.
	“Hell, no! Five dollars a piece was a good price,” James said. “I’m just glad to get it done and you’re gonna need that money. I hear that you and Christine are gettin’ married.”
	Wade blushed. “After the weddin’, me and her are gonna move out to Arizona.” 
	James nodded. “They tell me that the grass is so good out there in some places that it drags the bottom of your stirrups when you ride through it on a horse.”
	“Well, I didn’t see no grass like that when I was out there,” Wade laughed. “But it is some pretty country. Hey, James, do you know anybody’s that’s got a good wagon for sale?”
	“Come on in here and let me show you somethin’,” James grinned and started walking toward the barn. Wade followed him to the barn door and watched as James stepped inside and pulled a tarp off of a wagon. “I’m gonna give this to ya for a weddin’ present. Hell, me and the wife don’t need it. You and Christine take it and git on out there and live a good life together.”	
	“Thank you, James,” Wade smiled.

	Clint Osborne rode his horse up to the modest Haden home and saw Wade out in the corral working with a horse. He rode on over to the pen where Wade stopped working with the animal and walked over to the gate to meet him.
	“You may be wonderin’ what I’m doin’ here,” Clint said getting down from his horse and walking over to the gate. “I’ve got somethin’ to ask you.”
	“What’s that?”
	“I’m askin’ you to call the weddin’ off,” he said looking directly into Wade’s eyes. “Christine’s my girl. She has been for years until you showed back up. Now, I’m askin’ you not to marry her. Her feelings will be hurt at first, but that won’t be nothin’ compared to the life of misery that she’ll have with you.”
	Wade shook his head and walked back to the horse that he had left in the middle of the corral. “I ain’t got time to listen to that kind of nonsense.”
	Clint was steaming mad as Wade walked away. He opened the gate followed after him as he pulled his gun out of his coat pocket. “I said Christine belongs to me,” he shouted. 
	Wade refused to turn around to talk to him as he began petting the horse on the neck. “You talk about her like she was your dog or somethin’,” Wade told him. “Maybe you should go talk to her and quit wastin’ your time with me.”
	“I don’t think you understand,” Clint told him. “I love her and she loves me!”
	“If she’s in love with you, I wonder what she’s doin’ marryin’ me?” Wade asked calmly as he continued to pet the horse.
	“Turn around and face me, you ignorant horse trader,” Clint shouted. “I can offer her a good life, what can you offer her?”
	“The opportunity to get away from the likes of you,” Wade told him still petting the horse.
	Clint lunged forward hitting Wade in the back of the head with his pistol knocking him unconscious. The horse spooked and ran around the pen looking for a way to escape. Clint stood there for a moment glaring at Wade wishing that he had the guts to go ahead and kill him. He kicked dirt in Wade’s face and then walked back to his horse to get on leaving him laying there unconscious. 

	He did so reluctantly, but at Christine’s insistence, Wade was eating dinner with her and her parents. Edward and Martha were less than enthusiastic about the upcoming wedding. “I had a talk with James today and he told me something that I sure didn’t want to hear,” Edward said to Wade.
	“Well, James is a wealth of information,” Wade smiled while chewing.
	“He told me about the wagon he gave you so you could go out to Arizona after the wedding and I just want you to know that you ain’t takin’ my baby out there!” 
	Martha started crying and turned to Christine. “We’ll never see you again if you go off out there!”
	Wade thought he would keep a level head and try to calm everyone down as much as possible. “Well, it may not be for that long. Think of it as a long honeymoon,” he smiled.
	“Honeymoon?” Martha snapped. “There wouldn’t be a honeymoon if I had my way ‘cause there wouldn’t be a wedding in the first place!”
	“Mama, I thought we agreed that we wasn’t gonna fight over this anymore,” Christine said. “I’m old enough to do as I see fit.”
	“Honey, do you know how far it is out there?” Edward asked his daughter.
	“It’s about six hundred miles or so to where we’re goin’,” Wade gladly informed them with a pleasant smile although that did not help.
	Edward looked over at Wade as if he thought he was crazy. “Boy, do you know how far that is in a wagon?” 
	Wade smiled at him. “Like I said, think of it as a long honeymoon.”
	Edward just shook his head and Martha slammed her silverware down on the table. She stood up and started to leave, but stopped. “Of all the boys around here for you to marry, you have to pick a horse trader!”
	Wade wondered what was so all fired wrong with being a horse trader. It seemed that everyone was throwing that in his face these days.  

	The wedding day came at last and it wasn’t a minute too soon for Wade. He was tired of all of the negative reactions from his friends, neighbors and family. The sooner he could get to Arizona, the better. Even Jack and Olivia, his own parents seemed to be against him. They tried their best to talk some sense into their son, but failed. 
	The wedding was held at the Jordan home complete with a big barbeque and a dance. The band consisted of a guitar player, a fiddle player, a man playing spoons and a man blowing into a jug for bass. There were dozens of neighbors and well-wishers there; it was the event of the Hazeldale Community. Christine looked stunning in her homemade wedding dress as she danced with Wade while a jealous Clint watched on with the crowd. 
	
	Edward and Martha were standing on the porch watching the dance and admiring how beautiful their girl looked in her dress that Martha and some of the neighbor ladies had made for her. Mrs. Osborne, Clint’s Mother, saw them standing there and went over to join them. “This is a good little wedding that ya’ll put together on such short notice,” she smiled.
	“Well, thank you,” Martha smiled back. “We didn’t have much to work with, but we made due.”
	“You know, all this time I thought Christine would be marrying my Clint. Lord knows, that he’s been sweet on her for ages no matter how much I tried to persuade him otherwise,” Mrs. Osborne said and then shook her head. “Kids, they just won’t listen to reason, but I told him that perhaps Christine is more suited for this Wade fellow.”
	Her remarks angered Martha who turned around to face her. “What do you mean by that?”
	“Oh, nothing, dear,” Mrs. Osborne smiled.
	“That’s good, because for a moment there I thought you were sayin’ that my Christine wasn’t good for your son, but in truth, I’ve always felt that Clint wasn’t good enough for my daughter no matter how much money his family has,” Martha said quickly and then walked away leaving Mrs. Osborne standing there with Edward who just shrugged his shoulders and walked off following her.
	
	Clint walked over to Christine and Wade when the song they were dancing to ended. “May I dance with the bride?” he asked Wade.
	“Don’t ask me, ask her,” Wade shrugged.
	Clint turned to Christine and bowed slightly. “May I have this dance?”
	Christine glanced over at Wade as if she wanted him to rescue her from this awkward situation, but he just smiled and winked at her before walking away. “Sure, Clint, I’ll dance with you.”
	The band struck up another tune and Clint took her in his arms and began dancing. “I wish you all the happiness in the world,” he said.
	“Well, thank you, Clint,” she smiled.
	“You know, that wasn’t easy for me to say,” he told her. “I’m still not over the fact that you quit me for the likes of him.”
	“Clint, he’s simply the man that I fell in love with.
	“Are you saying that you didn’t love me?” he asked making Christine even more uncomfortable. “You told me that you did once.”
	It’s a different kind of love, Clint. The kind of love I had for you was the kind a schoolgirl has,” she explained. “Please let’s don’t talk about this.”
	Clint nodded his head in agreement and they continued on with the dance without saying another word.
	
 

Chapter 3

JULY, 1900
NEAR THE DAVIS MOUNTAINS

	The sun was beating down relentlessly and the heat was unbearable for early afternoon. There was not a shade tree in sight in any direction. Christine was just not prepared for the summer heat and the days of little or no water. Trees were so scarce in this part of the country that she and Wade were using dried cow and horse droppings with what little dead brush they could find for their campfires at night. 
	She looked over at Wade who was riding his favorite horse named Blaze alongside of the wagon. “Do you call this a honeymoon, Wade? A honeymoon is one thing, but a trek across West Texas is another.”
	“I estimate that we’ve traveled about three hundred and fifty miles so far,” Wade said ignoring her complaining.
	“I know, I know, your goal is to travel about ten or twelve miles a day. We did the arithmetic yesterday,” she said slightly aggravated at him. 
	“I know the trip’s been hard, but you can’t say that you ain’t enjoyed it,” he smiled over at her. “We’re gonna remember these days and nights we’ve spent talkin’ and laughin’ for the rest of our lives.”
	“That’s true,” Christine smiled. “I used to think that you were a man of few words, but now I know that you love to talk and tell stories from the past.”
	“Aw, it just depends on who I’m talkin’ to,” he grinned and looked up in the sky where he saw a very small thunderhead. “I hope that cloud up there keeps on buildin’ and makes a shade for us. “Anything to get a little relief from this heat.”
	Christine glanced up at the cloud for a moment, but was unimpressed. She immediately went back to searching the ground looking for dried cow droppings as she rode along on the wagon. She suddenly pulled the wagon to a stop. “There’s one, see it?” she asked Wade.
	Wade nodded as he pulled up on the reins to stop Blaze and got down to pick it up. He pitched it up to Christine who caught it and placed it with the pile that she had been saving all day in the floor of the wagon. “Is that enough for a fire tonight?” he asked. Christine nodded yes. “I was hopin’ that there would be some trees up here the closer we get to these mountains.”
	“Well, if you do see a tree, stop right there and let’s camp for the night,” she told him. “I’m so tired of bein’ out in this hot sun I could scream.”
	Wade looked up and saw that the thundercloud had built even more. “It looks like we’re gonna get shaded by that cloud and I wouldn’t be surprised if we wadn’t in for a storm as fast as that thing is buildin, but hell, who am I kiddin’? We ain’t seen no rain since we left Hazeldale!”
	They both heard the low rumble of distant thunder and laughed, but within a couple of hours, the cloud was no laughing matter, it had become a massive thunderstorm that had built to severe levels. There was a high wind blowing with loud cracking thunder and dangerous lightening bolts dancing from the cloud to the ground. The dark clouds had a green tint to them and Wade and Christine could hear a low rumbling noise coming from them. “That’s hail, we’d better look for some cover,” Christine shouted to be heard over the noise.
	“Hell, there ain’t no cover,” Wade shouted back as he got off Blaze and tied him to the back of the wagon. He then rushed around and got on the wagon taking the reins from Christine. “Get back inside of the wagon if you’re scared.”
	“It’s not that I’m scared, I just got enough sense to get in out of a storm!”
	A loud crack of thunder overhead spooked the horses. Wade pulled back on the reins and talked to them trying to get them to settle down. The high winds suddenly stopped as did the thunder and lightening leaving only an eerie calmness and the low rumbling roar of the hail from the ominous dark green tinted clouds. 
	The hail started slowly at first with huge scattered stones about the size of oranges. Wade scrambled to unhook the team of horses from the wagon, which was no easy thing to do since some of the hail had hit them and they were spooked, but he managed to pull the hitch pin loose. The hail started to get heavier and the size of the stones increased to the size of grapefruit. The team of horses took off running with their harnesses on and Wade ran to the back of the wagon to untie Blaze. 
	The large hailstones were pounding the wagon and ripping through the canvass cover. Christine hurried out the back of the wagon and leaped underneath it for protection. Wade followed after her. Both of them had been hit by some hailstones, but neither one of them were seriously injured as they sat under the wagon holding each other.
	Within a few minutes, the hail had stopped and the sun peeked out from behind the cloud. Wade and Christine crawled out from under the wagon to find the ground covered with the large hailstones, which was making a fog come up from the ice covered ground. “I guess we’d better go find them horses,” Wade told her while taking in the sight.

	Christine was walking alone when she found the team of horses. They had been beaten to death by the hail. They were laying there with their harnesses on; the hail had literally beaten the hide off their bodies exposing meat and bones. She shook her head and hurried away from the gruesome sight.
	The next morning at the campsite, Wade had packed a knapsack and was about ready to leave. “Are you sure you won’t come with me?” he asked waiting for her to shake her head no. “Damn, I hate to leave you out here all by yourself. I don’t even know where the nearest town is, but I gotta find one so I can buy us some new horses.”
	“Don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine,” she said forcing a smile. “Maybe you’ll have some luck and find ole Blaze along the way.”
	Wade reached over and hugged her. “I’ll hurry back.”
	“I know you will,” she said fighting back the tears. Wade continued holding her for a few moments and then suddenly pulled away. Christine stood there watching him walk away with tears rolling down her face.

	Wade had been gone for a few days and Christine was spending her time by trying to patch the holes that the hail had beaten in the wagon’s canvass cover. As she was working, a man on horseback and two covered wagons were slowly coming toward her and caught her eye. She knew that they must have seen her camp so she stood up, dusted off her clothes and straightened her hair.
	After a few minutes, the man and the wagons were at the camp. “My name is Rodney Bloomfield from Kentucky,” the man introduced himself as he pulled his horse to a stop. The two boys driving the wagons stopped just behind him. All eyes were on Christine. “Where’s your man and horses?” he asked looking around the camp.
	“We had a real bad hail and it killed our horses so he went off to find a town and buy us some more,” Christine explained.
	Bloomfield nodded and looked back to the wagons to make sure everyone was there. “That’s my wife and kids. That boy drivin’ the wagon with his Mother is Eric. That’s Edward drivin’ the other one. That’s his sister Holly sittin’ up there with him. And that’s Donovan standin’ there by the wagon.”
	“Well, I’m glad to meet all of you,” Christine smiled at them.
	“My name is Rosanne,” the woman told her. “We’ve been over to Fort Stockton, I’ve got a brother in the army there and we swung by to see him since we’re on our way to California.”
	“How long has your man been gone?” Bloomfield asked Christine.
	“A week now.”
	Bloomfield nodded and looked up at the sun. “It’s getting’ late,” he said. “If you don’t mind, we’ll camp here with you tonight and in the mornin’, me and the boys will go find your man.” He got down off his horse. “We can’t leave no woman out here unprotected. I’m sure your husband would feel the same way.”
	Later that night, everyone was sitting around the campfire talking and laughing. “We’ve been travelin’ over six months now,” Rosanne told Christine. 
	“I’ll bet you’ll be glad to get to California,” Christine smiled.
	“Oh, gosh, yes! It’ll seem like heaven not to have to live out of a wagon.”
	Christine looked around at all of the children. “You sure have got some good lookin’ kids.”
	“Thank you,” Rosanne said proudly. “I’ve been real lucky with all of my kids except for Carolyn. She died a couple of years back with the sleepin’ sickness.” She looked over at the wagon for a moment and then back to Christine. “We had her coffin dug up before we left and brought her along with us. I just couldn’t stand the thought of leavin’ her there in Kentucky knowin’ that we’d never go back there. We’ll bury her as soon as we get to California.”
	Christine didn’t know what to say so she just nodded and stared into the campfire. It gave her the creeps knowing that there was a dead girl in one of those wooden boxes on their wagons.





Chapter 4

	After finding Wade a couple of days later on his way back to Christine with fresh horses, the men decided that it would be a good idea if they traveled together through the rugged Davis mountains.
	They journeyed for two days at the foot of the mountains looking for a trail up that would be suitable for the wagons. After deciding on one, Wade and Christine led the way with the Bloomfield wagons following after. As they neared the top of the mountain, there was a very steep incline. The horses simply could not pull the heavily loaded wagon to the top without help. Wade got down from the wagon and walked to the back where his new horse was tied. He petted him a few strokes before waving at the Bloomfields to come join him. 
	Bloomfield, his sons and Wade all got behind the wagon to push while Christine whipped the horses on. With the men pushing from the rear and the horses pulling from the front, they finally made it up the steep incline. Wade smiled at their accomplishment and wiped the sweat from his brow while Bloomfield bragged on how much help his boys were.
	In like manner, they got the first of the two Bloomfield wagons up the hill. On the second, the horses were pulling their hardest while Rosanne whipped them on, but the animals just couldn’t pull the heavily loaded wagon. The wagon tongue broke quite suddenly, which caused the wagon to quickly roll backward. Rosanne, who had a firm hold on the reins, was pulled forward off the wagon to the ground behind the horses. The men behind the wagon could do nothing other than try to get out of the way of the runaway wagon as it rolled backward. Wade, Bloomfield, Eric and Edward managed to escape injury, but Donovan was not so lucky. The wagon had knocked him down and rolled over both of his legs going down the steep hill. It kept on going to the bottom where it crashed into a huge rock sending all of its cargo hurling into the air. The coffin with Carolyn’s body in it smashed into the ground and splintered into pieces spilling her corpse onto the ground. 
	Donovan was laying on the ground screaming in agony with his broken legs. The men all rushed over to help him in any way they could. Rosanne hurried back to where the men had gathered around Donovan and knelt down beside him. She stoked his hair. “Don’t worry baby, Mama will make it better.”
	She got up quickly and starting hurrying down the mountainside toward the wrecked wagon. She suddenly froze in her tracks when she saw Carolyn’s stiff, dried out corpse laying there on the ground. The girl had obviously been buried alive because of her dried, contorted face and in each hand were handfuls of her own hair that she had pulled from her head after she had been buried. “My God, what have we done?” Rosanne screamed in horror.
	Everyone rushed down the hillside to the wreckage where Rosanne had fallen to her knees crying. “We buried my baby alive!” She turned to Bloomfield, “How could that be? The doctor said she was dead!” She looked over at Carolyn’s body. “Look at the hair in her hands! She must’ve woke up and realized that she had been buried alive!” She began weeping uncontrollably. Christine walked up behind her, knelt down and put her arms around her while Wade and the other men looked on. 
	“We need to bury her,” Wade said after a few moments. 
	His suggestion angered Rosanne who broke away from Christine, got to her feet and rushed over to Wade. “We didn’t dig up my baby and haul her all the way out here just to bury her in this Godforsaken land,” she told him angrily.
	Wade looked at her and sighed. “Well, in that case, we need to fix her coffin so we can move on.”
	Rosanne suddenly slapped him hard in the face glaring at him. “Mister, my dead daughter is layin’ there spilled out on the ground. My son is up the hill with two broken legs and all of my worldly possessions are scattered all over the side of this mountain. How dare you think about movin’ on!”
	Wade stood there for a moment looking at her thinking that she was as crazy as a loon. He then turned to Bloomfield. “Get your boys to pick up a couple of good boards from that wagon so we can make some splints for Donovan.” He then turned and faced Rosanne. “He needs our help a lot more than that dead girl does.”

	After several more days, they finally made it to Van Horn. After spending a couple of days there, Wade was ready to get on the trail again. Since the doctor thought that it was best that Donovan didn’t travel for a couple of weeks, the Bloomfields and Hadens parted company and that was just fine with Wade. He was ready to be rid of them. 
	Wade was in a jovial mood as he and Christine left Van Horn and began traveling through the open country again. He just couldn’t keep a smile off his face. “I’m glad we parted company with them Bloomfields. I kind of like travelin’ with you and you alone. Maybe you and me can lay out tonight and look at the stars.”
	“It ain’t the stars you’re wantin’ to look at,” laughed Christine.
	“Well, a little huggin’ and kissin’ would be nice. After all, I’m still a newly wed,” he grinned.
	Christine playfully slapped him on the shoulder and giggled. “I’ll be takin’ notice of how you act the rest of this day before I go to makin’ promises.”
	“You know I’ll be sweeter than rock candy.”
	“Yes, I’m sure that you will.”


	 
	
	




Chapter 5

APRIL, 1901
	Wade and Christine lived in a small, one room adobe house on their ranch a few miles outside of Douglas Arizona. Wade had built a new barn complete with new corrals, which were full of horses. The horses were mustangs that he and his helper, a Mexican man named Juan had rounded up in the hills. He would break them to ride and sell them to anyone in search of a horse. 
	They had met Juan while still on their journey to the ranch. He had been bushwhacked by some Mexican bandits and left by the trail there. Christine had doctored his wounds and they had taken him to his home just on the other side of the border near Auga Prieta. Wade had hired him as his helper and Juan had proved himself not only as a good worker, but as valued friend as well. 
	Christine was in her ninth month of pregnancy and was due any day. Since the nearest doctor in nearby Douglas was rarely home and seldom sober, she knew that she would have to have this baby alone and she knew that Wade would be of little help. 
	Wade walked in the house while she was putting the finishing touches on supper and sat down at the table. “You look prettier everyday,” he smiled looking over at her.
	“I wish you would just tell me what’s on your mind instead of beatin’ around the bush tellin’ me how pretty I am when I know that I’m fat and ugly,” she said sitting the stew that she had been cooking down on the table and sat down with him. 
	Wade thought for a moment and sighed. “Juan says he knows where’s a good heard of mustangs are in those mountains just west of here,” he said expecting to be griped at.
	“And how long do you figure it will take you to herd them up?” she asked dipping some of the stew out on her plate.
	“A couple of weeks,” he shrugged and then reached over putting his hand on hers. “We sure do need the money and these horses will bring ten dollars a head if they’re broke to ride. I’m just afraid of leavin’ you here all alone bein’ pregnant and all.”
	“Go ahead and go,” Christine said quickly.
	“You know what would make me feel a whole lot better?” Wade asked trying to be an understanding soul. He waited for Christine to shake her head no. “If you would let Juan’s wife, Nina, come over here and sit with you. Juan said that she’d be willin’ to do it.”
	Her eyes were angry as she glanced over at him and pulled her hand away from his. “Sounds like you and Juan had this all worked out before you even brought it up to me. Hell, does it make a damned bit of difference to you that Nina can’t speak a word of English?” She quickly got up from the table and rushed outside on the porch. Wade followed her and walking up behind her, he put his hands on her shoulders. “I don’t mind if she comes over here and stays,” she said wiping the tears from her eyes.

	Christine knew that childbirth was hard, but she wasn’t prepared for how painful it was. She was lying on the bed in labor while Nina was sitting there stroking her hair and talking to her softly in Spanish. Or was she praying?  Every contraction made her cry out in pain. 
	“Tell me the truth, have you ever delivered a baby before?” she asked Nina who didn’t understand a word she said, but she smiled reassuringly and continued to stroke her hair trying to comfort her. Christine did seem to be comforted, but suddenly cried out in pain. “Damn you, Wade Haden, for bringin’ me to this Godforsaken country and impregnatin’ me!”

	Nina was sitting out on the porch alone when she saw Juan and Wade coming with a herd of mustangs. She stood up and watched them as they herded the horses toward the barn and into the corral. Christine stepped out on the porch with her baby son, Arlo, and while the men were finishing up penning the horses, Nina walked out toward the barn to speak with Juan who smiled and turned to Wade. “She says that you have a son,” he smiled.
	Wade took off running to the house and saw Christine standing there with his new baby boy. “You wasn’t here for the birth of your son so I named him for you,” Christine told him as he reached the porch. She turned the baby so Wade could see his face. “Arlo, this is your daddy,” she smiled proudly. “He thinks it’s more important to go off and chase wild horses than stayin’ here with us so you might as well get used to that.”
	Jeff stepped up on the porch smiling and hugged them. “Well, I’ve got  to make a livin’ for my wife and son.” He looked at Christine. “What kind of name is Arlo?”
	“It’s the name of my grandfather on my Mama’s side and I’ll thank you to respect that,” Christine answered.
	“Yes, ma’am, I will,” laughed Wade.





























Chapter 6

BISBEE, ARIZONA
	After selling several horses, Wade was sitting in a saloon having a drink with his feet propped up on a table wearing his new clothes and admiring his new handcrafted silver spurs with gold hearts, clubs, diamonds and spades on the heelpiece of them. The shank was made like a woman’s leg wearing a silk stocking and the rows were pointed and sharp. He felt rich sitting there and figured that he would have another drink or two before heading back home to Christine and the baby. Little did he know that his Uncle Buddy just walked in the saloon and saw him sitting there.
	Wade had met Uncle Buddy back a few years before when he was in Tennessee. Buddy was living in Memphis with his aunt in the poor part of town. Wade had gone there in search of discovering some of his family roots. 
	As it turned out, Buddy was nothing more than a thief and wanted to be a train robber. He was in trouble with the law and was hiding there to avoid capture. He later followed Wade out to Arizona and decided to stay there when Wade went back to Texas. “Hey, Wade, I ain’t seen you in a coon’s age,” Buddy smiled walking over to the table and sitting down with him. 
	Wade looked over at his uncle and grinned. “I came back out here to that little piece of land I own. Got me a horse ranch now and a wife and a little boy.”
	“I never thought you’d be comin’ back out here to this hot son of a bitch, especially, with that little ole gal you went back to Texas for,” Buddy said helping himself to a drink of Wade’s whiskey.
	“And I thought that you would be back in Tennessee by now.”
	“Hell, I can’t go back there, Wade, you know that. I got better things to do besides bein’ locked up.”
	Wade leaned forward closer to Buddy. “How’s the train robbin’ business?” he asked in a low voice.
	“Oh, I’ve slowed down a lot and only do that when the time is right,” he grinned and made sure no one was listening to them. “And, Wade, boy, the time is right! Do you want in with me? Hell, I need a partner!”
	“Oh, I don’t know about that,” Wade said shaking his head.
	“Listen, if we pull this thing off, neither one of us will ever have to work again.” He straightened up in his chair and looked Wade in the eyes. “Let me ask you, how much money have you made lately?”
	“Hell, I just made over two hundred dollars sellin‘ horses that I caught and broke,” Wade said proudly.
	“And how much time did that take you?”
	“A couple of months all total, includin’ sittin’ here today.”
	“All I’m sayin’ is listen to what I’ve got to say before makin’ up your mind,” Buddy said and then took another swig of whiskey. “I happen to know of a money train that’s gonna roll right into Bisbee here from Tucson, it happens once a month. Now, I also know of a spot up in the Mule Mountains where that train will slow down to a crawl just climbin’ up a steep hill. Hell, all a man would need to do is just climb up on that train and rob it and never even break a sweat.”
	“I’m listenin’, Wade told him knowing that if he had any sense he would get up and leave. Christine would be furious at him for even considering the idea of robbing a train.
	“I’ve been hangin’ ‘round here for almost a danged month waitin’ to pull this off. I’ve been watchin’ and waitin’ and, this is the time. If we do this job together, we’ll be fixed for life,” he said and then poured himself another drink. “What do you say? Are you in? You could make that wife of your’s a rich woman.”
	Wade thought for a moment and then nodded his head yes.

THE MULE MOUNTAINS
NORTHWEST OF BISBEE
	Buddy and Wade were well hidden near the top of the mountain watching the train approach the bottom of the hill and slowly make its way up toward them. Buddy laughed and slapped Wade on the shoulder as he stoop up. “Me and you are fixin’ to be a couple of rich sons of bitches!”
 Wade stood up and they watched as the train slowly made its climb up the steep hill. It quickly lost all of the speed that it had managed to get and slowed down to a crawl just as Buddy had said it would. They waited until the engine was past them before they stepped out of their hiding place in the rocks. Wade quickly walked to the struggling locomotive while Buddy made his way back to the money car. Wade pulled his pistol as he stepped up on the engine where the engineer and his helper were. “Stop this train,” he shouted at them.
	The men looked at him as if he had no sense at all. Neither one made any attempt to stop the engine. “You can’t stop this train on the side of this hill, the brakes won’t hold this weight and we’ll roll backward,” the engineer told him.
	Wade didn’t want to hear any excuses. He stuck the barrel of his pistol to the engineer’s head. “I said stop this train!”
	The helper suddenly jumped from the train and started running away while the engineer did just what Wade told him to do. The brakes immediately started squealing and making loud popping noises as they held the heavy train on the steep incline. 
	Buddy beat on the money car door with the butt of his pistol. “You bastards open up in there. This is Buddy Haden and I’m here to rob this son of a bitch!”
	Buddy could hear the sounds of someone moving about in the money car and laughed. The smile left his face when the door opened and he saw two men armed with shotguns. Without a word of warning, they opened fire-killing Buddy.
	Wade heard the shots and jumped down from the engine to see what was happening. He could see Buddy laying there dead on the ground and the two men jump down from the money car. He ran as fast as he could to where the horses were tied near the hiding place. The men with shotguns chased after him running and one of them fired just as Wade got on his horse. Buddy’s horse spooked at the shots and Wade took off leaving him behind. The men came running up and one of them caught Buddy’s horse and rode away chasing Wade. The man on the horse shot his double-barreled shotgun every chance he had at Wade, but missed because he was far enough ahead to be out of range. 
	As he was making his escape, Wade’s horse slipped on the rocks at the edge of the hill and fell. The horse and Wade went tumbling down the side of the mountain through the rocks and cactus. When they reached the bottom, Wade was scratched and bruised. His new clothes were torn and dirty, but otherwise, he was okay. 
	The horse wasn’t so lucky, his right front leg was broken and it would buckle under him every time he tried to get up. Wade quickly gathered his wits and looked up the hill to see if the men were still coming after him. He watched for a moment as the man on Buddy’s horse started down the steep incline while the man at the very top of the hill stood there at the edge watching on. Wade limped as fast as he could looking for a place to hide. A few yards away in some brush, he saw a rock large enough to get behind. 
	The man on the horse rode by the big rock where Wade was hiding, he didn’t see Wade who stepped out in the open with his pistol drawn and shot the man in the back of the head. The man’s nerve reflexes made him pull the trigger on the shotgun he was carrying and when the gun went off, it instantly killed Buddy’s horse. Wade limped over to where the man was laying on the ground to make sure he was dead. He checked up the side of the mountain to make sure where the other man was and saw that he wasn’t coming. Wade sighed and shook his head as he walked over to where his horse was laying there suffering with his broken leg. He shot the horse through the head and then took his saddle and rope off the dead animal. 

	Rebecca was outside doing the laundry using a washtub and a scrub board when she heard a commotion in the distance. She stopped, watched and listened for a moment and saw Wade coming toward home riding a pinto stallion. The stallion was in a full run, but would stop occasionally to buck before taking off again. She knew that the stallion was wild so she hurried to the corral to open the gate so Wade could ride him in. Once the horse was inside the pen, she shut the gate behind them. Wade rode the horse in circles a few times around the pen before stopping and jumped off. 	
	“That was a hell of a ride,” he laughed as he walked over to her.
	“What are you doin’ ridin’ that painted devil?” Christine asked looking over his torn and dirty clothes.
	“Oh, I was ridin’ through the mountains the other day and my other horse fell and broke his leg,” he explained as much as he was going to. He reached in his pocket and pulled out his wallet. “I may have had some bad luck, but I still managed to bring home some money,” he said and waved the money in the air. “A few dollars of it is missin’ ’cause I bought me some new clothes,” he said and looked down at their condition. “They ain’t much to look at now, but hot damn, they were somethin’ to behold for awhile there.” He held up his right leg so Christine could see his spurs. “What do you think of my new spurs?” he smiled.
	“Where did you get those at, a whorehouse?” Christine was unimpressed.
	“No, honey, I wouldn’t go to no whorehouse,” he said quickly. “I just thought they was fancy is all.”
	Christine finally smiled. “Come on and I’ll heat you some water for a bath.”
	Wade followed her like a lost puppy knowing for certain that he would never again mention this day or the days prior to her. Christine would never know that he was involved in a train robbery that went bad and he had to kill someone in order to escape.

























Chapter 7

	Wade was standing on the porch leaning on a post drinking his morning coffee while watching the sun come up when Christine walked up behind him and gave him a hug. “Come on, breakfast is ready.”
	“I’ll be goin’ back to the Mule Mountains in a couple of days,” he told her after they had walked inside the house together and sat down at the table. “Juan says he knows where some horses are.”
	“Dang, Wade, if I didn’t know better, I’d think that you didn’t want to stay here with me and Arlo,” she complained.
	“Oh, I like stayin’ here with you just fine,” he smiled. “It’s just that we need to catch some more of them mustangs and the sooner I get ‘em busted, the sooner I can sell ‘em.”
	“Wade, I wish you’d stay here with me a few more days, I get lonesome out here with nobody to talk to,” she tried to reason with him.
	“I know you do and I’m sorry, but makin’ a livin’ is more important than you bein’ lonely,” he told her.
	Christine’s eyes filled with tears as she turned away so Wade couldn’t see. She got up from the table and started cleaning the kitchen while he continued to eat his breakfast. 	“Sometimes, I wish that we never come up with the notion of movin’ out here,” she said while cleaning her cook stove.

	Being all alone in the rugged wilderness of Arizona with no one to talk to was hard on Christine. One afternoon, she loaded up little Arlo in the wagon for a trip over on the Mexican side of the border to visit Nina. Although Nina only understood very few words of English, Christine had decided that companionship was more important than conversation. The afternoon was very hot as she stopped in front of Juan and Nina’s house and she was in a hurry to get the baby inside out of the sun.  
	“It’s just me and Arlo,” Christine called as she got down from the wagon and then tied the horses. She then picked Arlo from the wagon and carried him to the house. “We’re just gonna come on in,” she said loudly as she stepped up on the porch. “I want to get Arlo out of the hot sun.” The first thing she noticed when she walked in carrying the baby was that the table and chairs had been turned over and a couple of pictures had been knocked off the wall. She immediately knew something was wrong. “Nina, are you alright?”	 
	There as no answer and Christine started walking through the house searching for her. She wasn’t in the kitchen and so she stepped to the back door and looked outside, there was no one there. She turned and walked back to the doorway of the bedroom and saw Nina’s nude body tied to the headboard and footboard of the bed. Her throat had been cut and there was dried blood everywhere. Christine stood there for a moment looking at the gruesome sight in disbelief and then rushed out of the house carrying the baby.
	She loaded Arlo on the wagon and untied the horses hurrying away as fast as she could. She was frightened, there was a killer on the loose and if they would kill Nina, they would kill anybody. 

	 Wade and Juan were returning home with the mustangs, Christine heard them coming and rushed out to open the corral gate so they could drive the horses in. When the horses were all in the pen, Christine walked over to Juan who was still on his horse and told him the bad news. Juan looked at her for a moment as if he didn’t believe her and then sighed with tears filling his eyes. He suddenly spun his horse around and rode away. She was standing there watching him leave when Wade walked up to her. “What was all of that about?” he asked.
	Christine turned around to face him with fire in her eyes. “Wade Haden, I’m getting’ out of this hell hole!”
	Wade stood there looking at her with a puzzled look on his face wondering what was going on.  “Are you gonna tell me what’s goin’ on or do I have to catch up to Juan and ask him?”
	“I went over to Nina’s last week and found her dead,” Christine snapped. “She had been raped and murdered with her throat cut. I went to the police in Auga Prieta and couldn’t make them dumb bastards understand anything I said so I went to the sheriff in Douglas and he told me that there was nothing he could do because it happened in Mexico.” She turned and quickly started walking toward the house. “I waited here so I could tell you when you got back and now that I’ve done that, I’m packin’ my bags and goin’ home to my Mama!”
	Wade ran up behind her and grabbed her arm spinning her around to face him. “You ain’t goin’ nowhere!”
	“I’m goin home and you can’t stop me,” she shouted.
	“Like hell I can’t!”
	“Like hell you can,” she shouted as she pulled her arm away from him. “If you want to spend your days ridin’ through the hills lookin’ for wild horses, that’s your business, but don’t expect me to just stay here in this damned little house and grow old waitin’ for you to come back!” She tried to regain her composure as she took a deep breath. “Now, all I ask of you is to buy me a train ticket home and if you can’t do that, I’ll go to Douglas and whore myself out until I can afford to get one myself.”
	Wade thought for a moment. 	“I’ll buy you a ticket, but it’ll be a round trip one. I don’t mind if you go home for a visit, but I want you to come back. I need you. Just give me some time to build this place up and when I do that, I’ll sell it and we can move back to Texas if that’s what you want to do, but you’ve got to give me some time. I can’t do it overnight, I can’t do it without you and I can’t go back to Texas without havin’ enough money to buy my own place.”
	Christine calmed down as she looked in his eyes and saw that he was telling her the truth. She suddenly threw her arms around him and held onto him tight as she began to cry. “Wade, findin’ Nina that way was horrible and I’ll never forget that sight for as long as I live. It scared me and I was afraid of stayin’ here all alone with little Arlo because I couldn’t help but think that whoever had done that to Nina was gonna come and do the same thing to me.” She wiped the tears from her eyes on his shoulder. “I wanna go home and see my Mama.” 























Chapter 8

	Wade stood there waving goodbye to Christine as the train was pulling out of the station in Douglas. He watched it roll down the tracks until it was outside of town. He then walked over to the sheriff’s office and went inside to find the deputy sitting at the desk asleep. He intentionally slammed the door to wake the man up. “I thought you’d be out combin’ the countryside lookin’ for that killer.”
	“What killer?” the deputy asked confused and still groggy.
	“The one my wife came in and told you about a few days back,” Wade answered holding back his anger.
	The deputy thought for a moment. “Oh, yeh, I remember that now. She was the one that came in rantin and ravin’ about some Messkin woman getting killed on the other side of the border.”
	“Well, maybe you should’ve gone over there and looked around,” Wade told him. “Chances are pretty good that whoever did it could’ve come on this side of the border.”
	“That’s right, he could have and he could be over in the saloon right now,” the deputy said sarcastically. “But since I don’t know who it is or what they look like, I wouldn’t know who to arrest.”
	Wade looked him over and shook his head. “You’re one hell of a public servant,” he said as he turned and walked out of the door.

AUGA PRIETA, MEXICO
	Wade walked inside the cantina finding it empty except for the bartender and one patron. “Tequila,” he smiled as he walked up to the bar.
	The bartender nodded and poured the drink into a glass. “Do you know Juan Espinosa?”
	“Si, I know him, the bartender said in broken English. “The whole town is talking about what happened to his wife.”
	“Well, I’m a friend of Juan’s, he works for me on the other side of the border and I hate like hell somethin’ like this has happened to him. So, I need some help.”
	“How can I help?” the bartender asked.
	“Well, you know that the police on either side of the border ain’t gonna do a damned thing about this,” Wade told him as the bartender listened and poured him another drink. “So, I’m wonderin’ if you saw anything unusual in town that day. Anything that might help a man lookin’ for a murderer.”
	Eager to help, the bartender quickly nodded his head happy to give out any information that he had. “I will tell you the same thing that I told the police over here that day.” He rolled his eyes up as if he was really thinking hard. “There were four bandits that come in here that day. Two of them had fresh blood on their clothes…I saw it with my own eyes!”
	“Did you happen to notice which way they went when they left?” Wade asked interested.
	“I did not have to notice,” the bartender told him happily. “They told me where they were going to cross the border and raid their way west to Nogales.”
	“And the police here didn’t go after them?” Wade questioned.
	The bartender shook his head no. “They said that the gringos would take care of it.”
	Wade nodded and laid two silver dollars down on the bar. He walked outside to his horse and rode as fast as he could over to Juan’s, which was less than a thirty-minute ride. 	“Hey, Juan, get out here,” he yelled at the house when he rode up.
	Juan slowly walked out on the porch in a seemingly depressed state of mind. “I am not in the mood for chasing horses, amigo.”
	“It ain’t horses I’m after,” Wade shouted at him in a hurry to get started. “I’m after the sorry sons of bitches that killed Nina!”

NOGLAES, MEXICO
	Wade and Juan rode into town and saw four horses tied there in front of the cantina. “That’s just like the horses that the man in Naco told us they were ridin’, ain’t it?” Wade asked.
	“Si, three sorrels and a bay,” Juan answered.
	Wade rode his horse over to the cantina and stopped there. “Just let me handle this,” he told Juan as he dismounted. “The last damned thing we need here in town in a gunfight.” He walked over to Juan’s horse and looked up at him. “We’ll just go in and look ‘em over to see if that’s even them,’ he said in a low voice trying to be quiet. “And if it is, we’ll follow the bastards out in the country and kill ‘em there.”
	Juan nodded his head in agreement and got down from his horse, tied him and followed Wade inside the cantina. Wade looked over the four men inside that he thought would be the murderers that they were looking for. He tried not to be too obvious looking at them as he walked up to the bar. “Dos cervezas, por favor,” said to the bartender smiling. “Frio?” he asked as the bartender as he poured the two glasses.
	“Poquito,” the bartender nodded.
	Ernesto, the undisputed leader of the bandits watched Wade and Juan carefully as they drank their beer at the bar. He thought that perhaps Wade might have some money on him, which would make him a good candidate to rob. After thinking for a moment, he decided that he would try to pick a fight with him as he slowly got out of his chair and walked over to where Wade and Juan were standing. “If it is cold beer that you are wanting, why don’t you buy it in a gringo bar on the other side of the border?” he asked as he stood by Wade.
	“Amigo, where I buy my beer is my business,” Wade answered him watching him carefully. “Besides, I like the company over here a lot better than I do on the gringo side. For all you know, I might have a secret desire to be a Messkin.”
	Ernesto laughed and turned to the others sitting at the table who also laugh. He then pointed at Juan with a smirk on his face. “Who is that, your boy?
	“My helper,” Wade answered and then turned to Juan, “Ain’t that right?”
	Juan nodded for his answer and refused to look over at Ernesto.
	“Tell me, gringo, what kind of work do you do?” Ernesto asked.
	“Catch mustangs and break ‘em to ride,” Wade answered.
	“And you catch them on this side of the border?”
	“Nope. We usually catch ‘em in the Mule Mountains,” Wade told him.
	“That’s good,” Ernesto smiled. “Because all of the horses on this side of the border belong to me!”
	“I’ll keep that in mind,” Wade said trying to finish off his beer.
	“So, you never told me what you are doing on this side of the border,” Ernesto insisted.
	Wade finished his beer, turned around to face him and looked into his eyes. “Lookin’ for some murderin’ sons of bitches that killed a Messkin woman.”
	Ernesto quickly looked over at his men who all get ready to pull their guns. “Tell me, gringo, what is a Mexican woman to you?” he asked Wade.
	“Just a woman.”
	“And have you had any luck in finding these men?” Ernesto questioned.
	Wade shook his head no. “Not a damned bit.” He then turned to Juan. “Come on and let’s go chase down some horses.”
	Juan nodded and gulped down the last of his beer before following Wade as he was walking out the door. Ernesto laughed as the two men walk out of the cantina. He then walked back to the table where his men were sitting and grinned. “I think I know where we can get some horses.” 

	Juan and Wade were riding through the country near Nogales when Juan looked back and saw the four bandit’s a few hundred yards back following after them. “You were right,” he told Wade.
	Wade nodded. “They think that they’re gonna get some horses outta this dat blamed deal plus kill the two men that they know is lookin’ for ‘em.” He pointed up to the hills in front of them. “We’re gonna hide out up there and ambush these sons of bitches and if we’re lucky, they never know what hit ‘em.”
	Juan and Wade were well hidden in the rocks on the side of the hill when Ernesto and his men came riding into the ambush site and without warning; they began firing on the bandits. The first one fell dead from his horse, another tried to escape, but Juan shot the horse out from under him and when the man tried to get up, he fired again, this time, killing him.
	Ernesto was returning fire, but could not make out exactly where Wade and Juan were hiding. Wade fired shooting him through the stomach. The fourth man tried to make a run for it and Juan shot him in the leg. 
	Wade came out of his hiding place and walked up to where Ernesto was lying on the ground slowly dying. “You murderin’ son of a bitch,” he said looking down on him. Ernesto was in too much pain and too near death to say anything and Wade walked on.
	Juan followed the man that he had shot in the leg and when he got closer to him, he shot him in the back. The man fell to the ground and lay there helpless as he walked up to him. “That woman that you and your friends killed was my wife and the Mother of my children.” He then pointed the pistol at him and pulled the trigger.








Chapter 9	

Hazledale, Texas

	Christine was sitting on the front porch with Martha and Edward watching little Arlo playing on a quilt in front of them. “It’s so good to have you home,” Martha smiled. “It’s just not good for a child to be gone so long from their Mother,” She looked down at Arlo and then back to Christine, “Someday, you’ll know what I mean.”
	“I already know what you mean. I’ve missed ya’ll every single day that I’ve been gone,” Christine smiled at her Mother.
	“Well, the most important thing is you come home to see us,” Edward said looking down at little Arlo. “So, how’s your man doin’?”
	“He’s gone a lot. I don’t see him as much as I would like to,” Christine answered. “He’s workin’ all the time.”
	“And you mean to tell me that he makes a decent livin’ out there catching wild horses and breakin’ them to ride?” Martha asked.
	“He does okay,” Christine smiled proudly.

	With the church service over and the congregation walking out to their buggies and visiting along the way, Clint Osborne was following along behind Christine, Martha and Edward, who was carrying Arlo. He was waiting for the right moment to speak to Christine. As they neared their buggy, he summoned all of his courage and tapped her on the shoulder. He stood there smiling as Christine turned around.
	“Hello, Clint,” she smiled surprised to see him. “It’s good to see you again.”
	He noticed the wary looks of Martha and Edward who were watching on and that seemed to make him even more nervous. “Can I have a word with you alone?” he asked.
	“Sure,” Christine answered and followed him off a few steps. 
	“I heard that you were back and I was hoping that we would have a chance to talk.”
	“Talk away,” she smiled.
	“Do you think it possible that I have a couple of hours of your time while you are here?” he asked. “There’s a couple of things that I’d like to tell you.”
	The smile faded from Christine’s face. “Oh, I don’t know Clint, what would people say?” 
	“I don’t care what they say; I just want to talk to you.”
	She looked down at the ground and then back with at Clint with a little smile on her face. “You really want to talk to me?”
	“Yes!”
	“Okay,” she said feeling like a young schoolgirl again.
	“Great,” he beamed. “I’ll have Mother fix us a lunch and we can meet tomorrow at the picnic spot down by the creek.”
	“What time do you want me there?” she asked.
	“About two.”
	“I’ll be there,” she smiled and then walked on to the buggy where Martha and Edward were waiting with Arlo.
	“What was all of that about?” Martha asked suspiciously.
	“Nothing, Mama, he just wanted to talk.”

	The next day Christine and Clint were sitting together on a quilt near the creek bank in the secluded woods. “So, tell me, Clint, how come you haven’t gotten married? Hasn’t the right one come along yet?” Christine was curious about her old friend.
	Clint sighed and threw a small stone into the creek water. “The right one did come along, but I didn’t marry her,” he answered and then looked over at her. “I sure wish I had though. The right one I’m talking about is you, Christine.”
	She blushed and looked down at the ground. “Oh, Clint, you could do a lot better than me.”
	“That might be true, but I’ve always wanted you,” he told her thinking that this kind of talk would certainly win her over. “I’ve been in love with you since I was thirteen.”
	“Don’t talk like that,” she blushed. “I’m a married woman with a child. Please respect that.”
	“Oh, I respect that,” Clint said with a slight bitterness in his tone. “Tell me, how is life with that ignorant horse trader?”
	His questioned angered Christine. “You don’t have to make insults.”
	“I’m sorry,” he smiled after thinking for a moment.
	His apology did not appease Christine. She suddenly stood up as if she were going to leave. “I came down here because you said you wanted to talk to me, but if you can’t talk without insulting my husband, I’ll be on my way.”
	Clint smiled up at her. “I was just teasing you.” He motioned with his hand for her to sit back down. “Come on and sit, I’ll behave myself.”
	She reluctantly sat back down and looked over at him. “You’d better make sure that you do.”
	He looked off in the distance and sighed. “What ever happened to us anyway?”
	“I don’t think nothing happened to us,” Christine replied. “We were just childhood friends, that’s all.”
	“We were more than friends,” he said quickly with aggravation in his voice.
	Christine nodded her head remembering the bygone days, “Yes, we were more than friends there for awhile. I’ll agree to that.”
	“We were so happy back then,” he reminisced.
	“We’re just as happy now,” she said.
	“Are we?” he asked sarcastically. “Tell me this, if you’re so damned happy, how come you’re down on the creek bank with me?”
	“Because you asked me here.” Christine quickly looked over at him with a confused look on her face. 
	“I could have made you a happy woman, “ he said loudly. “I could have made you a wealthy woman. I could have given you anything in this world that your heart desires and I still would if I had the chance!”
	“Clint, I’m a married woman and I’m in love with my husband,” she tried to explain.
	“And he ain’t nothing but an ignorant horse trader!”
	Christine quickly got up. “That’s it, I’m leavin’! I told you that I wasn’t gonna sit here and let you insult my husband.”
	Still sitting on the ground, Clint reached over and knocked her off her feet with his forearm. Christine fell hard on the ground and he quickly climbed on top of her and held her down. 	“Get the hell off of me,” she shrieked and tried to fight him off.
	He slapped her hard in the face. “Don’t fight me or I’ll beat hell out of you,” he shouted with his anger rising. Christine looked at him in terror and he suddenly ripped open the front of her dress. “Here you are a married woman comin’ down here to meet me like a schoolgirl in heat,” he scolded and then slapped her again. “I’m glad I didn’t marry you because you be doing this very same thing with someone else, you bitch! You’re a whore and I’m gonna treat you like one!” He ripped her dress open even more and Christine started fighting him again. He started beating her in the face with his fists until he beat her into submission.
		
	Christine came out of her bedroom and into the kitchen where Martha and Edward were having coffee. Although it had been over a week since she had been attacked, the bruises on her face were still very much visible. She walked over to the coffee pot, poured herself a cup and sat down at the table. She took a sip of her coffee and sighed. “Okay, I’m ready to talk about it.”
	“Talk about what?” Martha asked.
	“Talk about what happened,” she answered. She looked over at her Mother. “I didn’t fall off of that horse like I said. I was raped!”
	“Oh, Lord,” Edward shouted loudly.
	Martha couldn’t believe her ears. “What did you say?”
	Christine seemed aggravated that she had to say it again. “I said I was raped,” she said raising her voice.
	“Who did this to you?” Edward asked.
	Christine looked down at the floor. “Clint Osborne.”
	“Clint Osborne?” Martha questioned. “Oh, I don’t believe it!”
	“Somebody needs to kill that son of a bitch,” Edward shouted knowing that he was too old for the task.
	Christine looked over to her Mother to explain. “I didn’t lie to you the other day when I said I was going to take a long ride. I just left the part out about me meetin’ Clint down by the creek. He asked me to come down there so we could talk and we did talk, but then he started to rape me and when I tried to fight him off, he beat the hell outta me until I let him take advantage of me!”
	“Oh, Christine, why did you go down there in the first place?” Martha asked with tears rolling down her face.
	“I don’t know what I was thinking, but I guess I went because he asked me to and I’ve been so lonesome and I just wanted somebody to talk to. Have you ever felt that way, Mama? Have you ever felt so lonesome that you’d be willing to give your soul for somebody to talk to?” She took a moment to wipe the tears from her eyes. “I’ve been out there in Arizona, a thousand miles from anywhere and no one to talk to. The only other woman I knew was a Mexican lady that didn’t speak English, but I didn’t care. I’d talk to her anyway even though I knew she didn’t understand hardly a word I said. Then one day, I go over there to find that she had been murdered and that’s when I decided to come home!” She could not control her emotions any longer and started crying. Martha and Edward both try to comfort her. “And now this has happened,” she sobbed. She continued crying for a moment and then stood up. “Me and Arlo will be going back home just as soon as my face heals up enough.” 
	Not being able to talk anymore, Christine rushed to her bedroom to be alone. Martha, knowing full well what she was going through, followed her in there and sat down on the bed with her trying to be of some comfort.

	Wade and Juan were working out at the corral when they heard the sound of a wagon coming toward the house. 	“Who can that be?” Wade asked as they stepped out past the barn so they could see. He recognized Christine and Arlo riding in a wagon with a man from Douglas who worked for the train station. “They’re back!”
	He rushed out the gate and ran out to greet them. The man pulled the wagon to a stop and Christine along with Arlo got down. Wade reached her and they hugged each other tightly. “I’ll never go back unless you go with me,” she said softly to him.
	Wade let go of Christine and picked up Arlo. “You’ve grown so much, I didn’t hardly know who you was,” he laughed hugging him. “What was your favorite part of the trip?” he asked Christine.
	She nervously smiled and tried to act nonchalant. She just had a fear that Wade would find out what had happened to her and she never wanted him to know because she knew that he would kill Clint for what he had done. “The best part of the trip was comin’ back home to you,” she answered.
	“Dat blame,” Wade laughed giving her a hug. “You ought to leave home more often.
	“No, don’t,” laughed Juan as he waited for his turn to hug her. “I can’t go on eating his cooking!”
	“Well, dat blame, you could’ve jumped in anytime and made us some of that Messkin food.”
	“Si, I could have, but I would have spoiled you with my cooking and you would have wanted me to cook all the time!”
	Wade turned to the man driving the wagon. “Sir, if you’ll come in the house, I’ll gladly pay you for all your troubles from bringin’ ‘em home to me.”

	Wade crawled into bed that night with Christine who was dreading what she knew was fixing to come. “I sure did miss you,” he told her as he cuddled up with her and kissed her softly.
	“I missed you too,” she said and closed her eyes tightly as he kissed her again. She couldn’t help herself, she started crying as all of the memories of the rape started swirling in her mind. “What’s the matter?” he asked puzzled.
	“Nothing,” she answered. “I’m just glad to be back home.”

	
	














Chapter 10

MERKEL, TEXAS
1920.
	The train slowly rolled to a stop at the station and Wade emerged from one of the passenger cars. He was followed by an eighteen year old Arlo and Christine who was holding five-year-old Oliver’s hand and carrying three-year-old Alfred. At forty-five, Wade was aging somewhat, years of bumps and bruises from falling off horses were beginning to take their toll. Christine, on the other hand, seemed to improve with age. She waited until she was in her mid thirties before she started having children again, mainly because it took that long for her to get over the rape enough to have sexual relations with her husband on a level consistent enough for a planned pregnancy.
	Wade looked back at the end of the train. All of their worldly possessions were packed away back there somewhere in a boxcar. He had sold the ranch in Arizona and just as he had promised his wife years before, they were moving back home, but not to Hazeldale, Wade considered Texas home. His parents were both dead now and they left all of their possessions on this earth to their other son which was just fine with him because he realized that he hadn’t been a very good son over the years.
	Not moving back to Hazeldale wasn’t a problem for Christine; she didn’t want to go back there ever again. It had been years since her last trip, but the memories of that horrible day were still fresh in her mind. She had never told Wade what happened on that visit and never would. It would be her secret until she was in her grave.
	
	With Arlo driving one of the two wagons that was loaded with their belongings, Christine with the two little boys drove the other. Wade rode ahead on horseback and the Haden family headed south from Merkel to a line of hills and followed them southeast to a town called Buffalo Gap. While riding through town, Wade saw two cowboys sitting on the steps of a closed down saloon and rode over to talk to them. “Do you know a man by the name of Edward Thomas?” he asked.
	“Are you a friend of his?” asked the first cowboy.
	“Nope, never met the man in my life, but a man up at the train station in Merkel told me that he buys and sells a lot of horses and I was gonna ask him about at job,” Wade explained.
	Both cowboys nodded. “We’d offer you a drink, but the government boys shut this place down,” the second cowboy spoke up. “Damned prohibition.”
	“It’s pretty bad when a man can’t even wet his own whistle,” Wade smiled. “How come ya’ll sit on the steps of this shutdown saloon? Just thinkin’ about the good old days?”
	Both cowboys laughed. “It’s not the good old days we’re thinkin’ about, it’s the now days,” the first cowboy began explaining. “We’re sittin’ here so the bootleggers will know that we’re interested when they come to town.”
	“You boys never did tell me where I could find Edward Thomas,” Wade reminded them.
	“Just follow the hills southeast,” the first cowboy instructed. “If you hadn’t run into him before you reach a town called Oplin, stop and ask somebody there.”
	“Much obliged,” Wade grinned and spun his horse around to join his family with the wagons.

	Edward Thomas hired Wade to work for him on his ranch. Arlo, who had become an excellent horseman in his own right, helped Jeff break and train horses. After two years had passed, Edward told Wade of some land that he knew was for sale about twenty-five miles to the southwest of Oplin. Leaving Arlo in charge, Wade took off the next several days so he could see this place called Tokeen Hills.
	Some barking dogs greeted Wade as he rode his horse up to the front of the modest country home of James Crosby, a grouchy, elderly man who didn’t seem all that happy to see Wade. 	“You lost?” he asked as he walked out on his porch to see what all of the commotion was about.
	“You James Crosby?” Wade asked from his horse.
	The old man spit some tobacco off the porch into Wade’s direction as he looked him over. “Damn sure am.”
	“Then I ain’t lost. I heard that you’re lookin’ to sell your land.”
	“Damn sure am,” Crosby said. “Me and the old woman is getting’ too damn old and feeble to take care of it. I sure do hate to sell it; I’ve been livin’ here since the Civil War.”
	“How much you want for it?” Wade asked.
	“Dollar an acre, but you’ve got to buy all six hundred and forty acres of it,” the old man told him and then spit off the porch again. “How will you be payin’?”
	“Cash good enough?”
	“Damn sure is.”
	“Mind if I look around?”
	“Look all you want to, I don’t give a damn.”
	
	Wade was riding his horse alongside Christine’s wagon through the beautiful hills with lush green pastures and massive live oaks trees. “I told you it was pretty out here, didn’t I?” he asked smiling. Christine nodded her head for an answer. “And I promise that this is the last time that you’ll ever have to move,” he said thinking that would be what she would want to hear.
	“Let’s hope that’s so,” she told him.
	“Old man Crosby said him and his wife would be gone in a couple of weeks and we can move into the house. Until then, I know of a big old oak tree that we can camp under. Hell, that tree is bigger than the house,” he laughed.
	“Let’s just hope that they’re gone by winter,” Christine said expressing her concern.
	“They will be,” Wade assured her. “Then we can start workin’ on the house. We’ll make it livable, you just wait and see.”
	Since it was obvious to her that Wade wasn’t going to shut up and ride on, something came to her mind that would surely get a reaction out of him. “Mrs. Thomas was tellin’ about a new invention the other day that I sure would like to have.”
	“What’s that?” Wade was curious.
	“It’s called a water bowl,” Christine explained. “It fits in your house and you do your business in it. Then it flushes it outside. You don’t even have to go to the outhouse!”
	Wade looked at her for a moment in disbelief and then suddenly burst out into laughter. “I can’t imagine somebody so lazy that they’d shit in their own house!”
	His laughter aggravated Christine. “Go ahead and laugh! The times are a changin’ Wade Haden and modern times are about to begin.”
	“And I suppose that next you’ll be wantin’ one of them Model T Fords, huh?” he teased seeing that she was getting riled at him. “Hell, give me my damned horse any day; I ain’t got no forty dollars to waste on that kind of nonsense!”
	“You mean to tell me that you don’t wanna learn how to drive?”
	“Hell, no! I ain’t gonna learn how to drive and I ain’t ever gonna try,” he said defiantly.
	“Fine, live in ignorance for the rest of your life!”
	“Thank you, I will.”
	“You may, but my boys aren’t,” she told him quickly. “It may be too late for Arlo, but I’m gonna put Oliver and Alfred in school. There ain’t no excuse for them not to learn to read, write and do arithmetic.”
























Chapter 11 

	The Tokeen schoolhouse was a one-room building that needed painting. Inside were children of all ages, but most of them were the ones that were too small to work on the family farms and ranches. Arlo walked seven-year-old Oliver inside on his first day of school and was pleasantly surprised to see the pretty young teacher sitting there behind her desk. He was stricken by her beauty as she looked up and smiled at him standing there with his little brother. He wanted to tell her why they were there, but he couldn’t think of a single word, much less, say one.
	“May I help you?” the teacher smiled at them.
	Arlo knew that he had to say something or he would seem like the village idiot. “Uh, this is my brother. Uh, my Ma told me to bring him down here. Uh, she said she talked to you yesterday,” he managed to get out. 
	“My name is Mary Anne Fuller,” she introduced herself, stood up from her desk, and walked around to meet them. “And you must be Oliver.” She turned and pointed to an empty desk. “You may take a seat over there.” She looked over at Arlo and smiled. “We’ll be starting class in just a few minutes.”
	“Uh, I guess I’ll be goin’,” Arlo said.
	“Well, thank you for bringing your brother to school,” Mary Anne smiled at the uneasy Arlo who quickly turned and started for the door. “Well, good day to you then.”
	Although he wanted to run, Arlo calmly walked outside of the building to his horse and rode away. He knew that he was going to have to regroup before coming back to get Oliver or that teacher would think the worst of him. It was a good thing that he would have all day to think about it. 
	By the time afternoon rolled around, he thought he had come up with the perfect plan to get to know the teacher. He rode his horse over to the school, but hid in some nearby trees until the day’s classes were over. He watched all of the children leave with parents, older siblings or in small groups and head home. When he was certain that Mary Anne was alone in the building with Oliver, he came forward.
	He tied his horse out front and walked into the building with his hat in his hand. “I’m sorry that I’m a little late, but there was a chore I had to do,” he lied.
	“That’s not a problem,” Mary Anne smiled. 
	Since she was smiling, Arlo knew that it was time to spring into action with the plan that he had been thinking about all day. “Uh, I ain’t too good at readin’ and writin’, he confessed. “My Ma taught me and she did the best that she could, but I was wonderin’ if you could help me some.” 
	Maybe it was in his delivery or perhaps it was because she was a little on the suspicious side, but Mary Anne did not think that Arlo was being one hundred percent sincere in his request of some higher learning. “Are you sure that you want some help with your schooling or is this just your way of trying to get to know me?” she asked curiously.
	He once again checked her left hand for a ring, there wasn’t one and then looked to the floor. “Uh, I ain’t gonna lie to you,” he said nervously. “It took me all day to come up with that notion and the truth is this, I would like to read and write better, but I also wouldn’t mind getting’ to know you either.”
	Mary Anne smiled and got up from her desk. “What’s your name?”
	“Arlo Haden.”
	“How old are you?”
	“Twenty,” he answered and looked up at her proudly.
	She nodded and turned to Oliver, “Come on, Sweetie, your brother is gonna take you home now.”  Oliver got up from his desk and walked over to her. She put her hand on his shoulder and walked him to the door with Arlo following after them like a lost puppy. Oliver ran outside to the horse once they reached the door. “See you in the morning,” she called out after him.
	The suspense was killing Arlo. “You ain’t got no boyfriend, do you?” he asked.
	She turned to him with the smile fading from her face. “No, there’s no one, but there is one thing that’s bothering me.” She thought for a moment and sighed. “I’m eight years older than you. What would people say if they saw us together?”
	“I don’t care what people think,” he answered quickly.
	“Well, I do. I’m here to teach, not court boys.” She turned and walked outside and stood on the porch. “I’ll tell you what, you come to church Sunday and I’ll meet you there. Then we can go over to my house and, after lunch, I’ll help you with your studies.”
	Arlo was elated; it was going to be the first date he ever had in his life. He rushed past Oliver, untied his horse and quickly got on. He spun the horse around and started to ride off. “Hot dang, I’ll see you on Sunday!”
	Mary Anne started laughing and stepped down from the porch walking over to Oliver. “Arlo, aren’t you forgetting something?” she called out to him.
	Arlo stopped the horse and looked at her dumbfounded. “Uh, I don’t think so.”
	She gently pushed Oliver forward. “Your brother,” she laughed.





















Chapter 12

	Wade was hard at work plowing a field using a mule and a hand held plow when he saw Henry Rogers driving down the road in his Model T Ford. Henry drove the car up to the edge of the field where Wade was working and parked there. Wade tied the mule’s reins to the wooden handle of the plow and walked over to see what he wanted. As he neared the vehicle, he could see that Henry was not alone. With him was his drinking buddy and sidekick, Davis Thurston. Thurston had been blind since birth, but was a highly intelligent as well as a humorous person.
	“What can I help ya’ll with today?” Wade asked as he neared them.
	“Me and Thurston was wonderin’ if you’d like to take a little drive with us today,” Henry answered smiling.
	“I’ve got work to do,” Wade said dryly.
	“Well, you might want to quit work when you see what me and Thurston has got,” Henry said as he reached down into the vehicle and held up a jug of moonshine whiskey. 
	“I think I’m about finished here today,” Wade smiled. He walked up to the three door touring Model T with the top down, stepped up on the running board and climbed into the back seat.
	They drove to Tokeen where Henry owned the general store that also sold gasoline and then took off on the country roads drinking. “Wade, Thurston’s brother knows some old boys that’s got some stills and they’re just lookin’ for places to put ‘em,” Henry said wanting to get down to serious matters.
	“That’s right, they’re lookin’ for some good secluded spots and we was thinkin’ that maybe you would let ‘em set up a couple on your place,” Thurston added.
	“Oh, hell no!”
	“Wade, you know that the government has got this prohibition thing goin’ on and now I hear that they’re workin’ on getting that repealed up there in Washington D.C. and they just may do that, but, hell, that could take a few more years,” Henry informed him.
	“Nobody’s askin’ you to sell a single damned bottle or jug, but if you’ll let these old boys set some stills up on your land, you’ll be makin’ some cash money and all the whiskey you can drink,” Thurston said trying to sell him on the idea.
	“I’ll have to think about that,” Wade told them. 
 	“Think about it all you want, Wade,” Henry said passing the jug back to him. “But you and I know that you’ve got the perfect place for a couple of stills. It’s well hidden and the nearest lawman is over twenty miles away”
	Wade thought for a moment. “Hell, you boys have a deal.”
	“You won’t regret it, I’ll guarantee it,” Thurston promised.
	
	The three men were still riding around in the Model T and drinking long after dark. Henry was the drunkest of them and he was still driving, but of course, he was the only one who could drive since Thurston was blind and Wade had never driven a vehicle in his life. He suddenly slammed on the brakes and skidded to a stop on the dirt road. “Damn, boys, I gotta piss,” he slurred as he opened the door and got out leaving the car running. He staggered to the side of the road and passed out while he was standing there urinating.
	“What’s wrong with that silly bastard?” Wade asked when he saw Henry fall to the ground.
	“What is it, Wade?” Thurston asked wondering what was going on.
	“Henry passed out; I guess he’s had too much to drink.”
	“We’ll have to get him in the car and you’ll have to drive home,” Thurston informed him.
	“Hell, I can’t drive,” Wade shouted at him.
	“Well, I can’t either. I’m blind as you may recall.”
	“Aw, come help me get the drunk son of a bitch in here,” Wade said as he stood up and climbed over the edge of the car. Thurston opened the door, felt his way around the vehicle, and stood there while Wade lifted Henry and drug him back to the car. He helped Wade put him in the back seat. 
	“You know, Wade, if you’ll get in there and steer that vehicle, I can work the gears and everything, I know how to do that.”
	“Well, I got the sight if you’ve got the knowledge,” Wade told him as he climbed in under the steering wheel. 
	Thurston felt his way around the car, got in on the other side, and scooted over close to Wade. “Now, I can work the gears, but you’re gonna have to work the clutch.”
	“What the hell is a clutch?” Wade snapped.	
	“It’s that pedal on the left,” Thurston explained patiently. “You mash it in with your foot, I’ll put the car into gear and then you let it out slowly. Then you just steer and I’ll do everything else.”
	Wade did as he was told and let the clutch out slowly. The car began to roll at idle speed down the road and he laughed as he steered the Model T from side to side as they crept down the road. “By God, this ain’t half bad,” he laughed.























Chapter 13

	Several months had passed since they started seeing each other and Mary Anne felt like she wanted something more out of her relationship with Arlo. She sat at the table watching him eat and wondering if he was the right man for her. She thought that he was sometimes, but on the other hand, she had always thought that she would marry an educated man and live in the city somewhere. Perhaps, a doctor was more to her liking than a country hick with bad table manners.
	“Arlo, do you ever think about getting married?” she asked.
	“I’ve been thinkin’ about it a lot since I met you,” he answered while still chewing his food. He thought for a moment and then suddenly stopped eating and chewing while looking at her. “Do you want me to marry you?”
	Mary Anne smiled and shook her head no. “I’m not asking you to marry me, Arlo. I’m just trying to decide if I want to. For instance, what kind of marriage do you think we’ll have?”
	“A good one, I reckon,”
	“I mean, what could you offer a girl like me? You obviously don’t have a lot of money and you’re uneducated.”
	“I thought you were educatin’ me,” he quickly defended. “You said yourself that I was really comin’ along with my readin’ and writin’.”
	“I know I did, Arlo, you’re doing great, but that’s not what I’m getting at. What I’m trying to ask you is, how you would you go about making a living for the both of us?”
	He thought for a moment. “About what I do right now. I don’t mean work for my Daddy, but havin’ a place of my own with a few cows and horses. I ain’t braggin’ but I’m a damned good horseman.”
	She solemnly looked at him for a moment. “You know, of course, that way of life that you’re talking about is coming to an end in these United States.”
	“I don’t reckon people will stop eatin’ and ridin’ horses,” he said and started eating again. 
	She watched him eat for a moment. “Thank you, Arlo; you’ve just made my decision easier for me.”

	Still thinking about Arlo, their relationship and where it was going, Mary Anne decided that she wanted the class to think about their futures. “Something that I think we all need to plan for is our futures and what kind of jobs do we want to be working at.” She looked the class over for a moment smiling. “Are we ready to begin?”
	“Yes, ma’am,” the class eagerly responded.
	She saw Oliver sitting there and thought that he would be a perfect place to start. She wondered if he would have the same simple views as his older brother. “We’ll begin with you, Oliver.”
	The boy’s face turned red as he stood up from his desk knowing that he was going to have to speak in front of the entire class. “What I would like to do is build a house with round rooms,” he grinned.
	“Rounds rooms? Why would you want to do that, Oliver?” she asked curiously.
	“So, the cats won’t be able to shit in the corner!”
	The class all laughed, but Mary Anne was furious that he would make a mockery of her subject matter. “Oliver Haden, you get out of my class right now and don’t come back until you can take a serious approach to your studies!”
	
	Later that evening around sundown, Mary Anne was sitting out in her porch swing when she saw Arlo come riding up on his horse. “I don’t recall that we had a date tonight,” she said curtly. She watched as he got off his horse in an unassuming manner and walked up to her yard fence. “I’m so mad at your little brother I could skin him alive!”
	Arlo nodded. “He told me what he did in class today. If it makes you feel any better, I whipped him for it.”
	“Hard enough to make him cry?” she asked.
	Arlo nodded. “Like a baby.”
	“Good,” she smiled.
	“But Oliver ain’t what I come over here to talk about,” he said looking at the ground. “I come over here to talk about you and me.” He opened the gate and walked up to the edge of the porch where she was still sitting. “Mary Anne, I know that I ain’t the man that you’ve been waitin’ for and I know that I ain’t the smartest man that you’ve ever met. I don’t know how we’d make a livin’ together ‘cause I can’t see in the future, but I do know this; I love you and I want to marry you.” He looked up into her eyes. “I know that you ain’t ever gonna find nobody that could love you any more than I do. So, will you marry me?”
	Mary Anne sat there for a moment thinking, she felt dumbstruck and then came to her senses as she got up and walked to the edge of the porch where he was standing and waiting for her answer. “Yes, Arlo, I’ll marry you.” 
































Chapter 14

HAZELDALE, TEXAS
1928
	Edward had died and Christine was sitting in her Mother’s living room where she and Mary Anne were trying to be of some comfort. Martha had grown into an old woman who was resentful about some of the hardships in her life beginning with losing her first child in a miscarriage. Of, her two sons, one had become a worthless gambler and alcoholic, the good son had died. His accidental death was hard on her and now her lifelong companion Edward was dead. Now, instead of enjoying a visit from her daughter, all of her frustrations seemed to be aimed at Christine that day.
	“Mother I wished I could have been here for the funeral, but we didn’t get word that Daddy had died until she was already in the ground,” Christine tried to explain the reasons why they were so late.
	“But I’m sure it was a nice service,” Mary Anne added.
	Martha looked over at Christine accusingly. “You’re all that I have left now and you’ve only come to see me once in twenty eight years. You ought to be ashamed,” she said and then started crying. Christine felt helpless not knowing what to say or do.
	Mary Anne got up from the chair where she was sitting and excused herself. “I’ll go get started on supper.”
	Martha waited until she had left the room before he resumed her verbal attack on her daughter. “Me and your Daddy and your brothers, we all gave you the best years of our lives and you repaid us all by marryin’ Wade Haden and movin’ all the way out to Arizona. A man that didn’t even come to the funeral of his own Mama or Daddy! And then, when you finally come back from out there, you stayed off over a hundred miles away.” She cried some more and shook her head. “One visit in twenty eight years!”
	No one knew that he was there, but Wade was sitting in a rocking chair on the front porch listening to every word that they said through the open window. He had just about heard enough and was ready to come inside and tell Martha that all of her problems wasn’t the fault of his wife.
	“Mama, you know that it ain’t Wade’s fault that I never came back here after that visit I made when Arlo was a baby,” Christine said defending herself as well as her husband.
	“Oh, forgive an old woman,” Martha said sarcastically. “I forgot that the real reason you hadn’t come back was Clint Osborne and him takin’ advantage of you!”
	“Take advantage of me,” Christine said raising her voice. “Mama, not only did he rape me, he beat me so hard that I had to stay here inside this house for two weeks waitin’ for the bruises to heal up on my face!”
	Wade had heard enough, he stood up from the rocking chair and quietly walked off the porch toward the barn.
	“Postcards and letters was all I ever got from you,” Martha ranted on. “I don’t even know my own grandsons and all of ‘em are grown now!”
	Oliver, Alfred and Arlo were sitting under a shade tree watching Wade catch his horse in the corral and lead him to the barn. “I wonder what the old man is doin’?” Oliver asked.
	“He’s probably decided to go back home,” Alfred answered.
	Arlo shook his head. “Well, he wouldn’t be leavin’ this time of day.”
	After a while, Mary Anne came out of the kitchen and announced that she had supper ready.
	“Well, you better holler outside for the boys then,” Christine waited for Mary Anne to leave and then turned to her Mother. “Don’t make me sorry that I came down here, Mama, or this might be the last time you see any of us,” she threatened as she stood up and walked into the kitchen to set the table.
	The mention of food brought the boys running and they eagerly came in and sat down at the table. Christine noticed that Wade was missing. “Where’s your Daddy?” she asked.
	“I don’t know,” Arlo answered.
	“We saw him catch his horse and ride out,” Oliver added. “We thought he might be goin’ to see somebody.”
	“Arlo, as soon as you eat, I want you to go find your Daddy,” she told him.
	“Yes, ma’am, I will.”

	Wade sat there on his horse looking over the home place reflecting back to when he was a boy. The house that his Pa had worked so hard on all of those years ago was now just a shell of its former self. Empty and alone it sat there in its dilapidated state slowly decaying on the ground that it was built on. He fondly thought of his parents, he had a lot of good childhood memories there. He couldn’t explain the driving force that made him leave home when he was eighteen no more than he could explain why he never wanted to return here after he and Christine married.



















	











Chapter 15

	It was almost sundown when Arlo met Wade riding back from Hazeldale. “Ma’s been wonderin’ about where you were,” he said riding up to his Pa. 
	“Oh, dat blame, I just rode into town for a little bit.”
	Arlo could smell the whiskey on his breath and shook his head. “You’ve been drinkin’? That’s really gonna make Ma happy. Where’d you get anything to drink?”
	“Hell, boy, all you gotta do is ride into town and ask around. Somebody’s always got some for sale.”
	“Come on, we’d better get back to the house.”
	“Hell, I ain’t goin’ back there right now.”
	“How come?”
	“I got some unfinished business to take care of.”
	“Like what?”
	His questioning was beginning to aggravate Wade. He pulled his horse to a stop. “If I wanted you to know, I would have told you by now. Now, get the hell back on to the house!”
	“You can’t tell me what to do, Pa,” Arlo snapped at him. “I’m way past you tellin’ me what to do!”
	Wade sighed knowing that his son had made a good point. “I’m ridin’ over to this man’s house to kick his ass.”
	Arlo shook his head thinking that his Dad had drunk too much moonshine. “Ain’t you a little old to be fightin’?”
	“It’s an old battle,” Wade answered and then kicked his horse into a walk again.
	“Who’s the man that you’re gonna fight with?”
	Wade stooped his horse again as he turned around and looked at Arlo. “One time when you was a baby, you and your Ma came down here for a visit and while ya’ll were here, this son of a bitch beat the hell out of your Ma and took advantage of her.” He kicked his horse back into a walk and started on his way again. “Now, I’m gonna settle the score.”
	“Why ain’t you done somethin’ before now?”
	“Because I just found out about it today,” Wade snapped growing weary of the constant questions. “Now, I know why your Ma acted funny all of those years. That’s why we waited so long before we had any other kids. She kept this thing hid for all this time!” Wade rode on for a few more steps before kicking his horse into a run. Arlo quickly followed him.
	
	It was completely dark by the time that Wade and Arlo rode up in front of Clint Osborne’s impressive looking home. Wade wasted no time in getting the fight started. He stopped his horse and yelled, “Hey, Clint Osborne, son of a bitch, get out here!”
	Clint opened the door in a matter of seconds wondering who could be yelling in front of his house. “Who is it?” he called out thinking that it had to be a drunk.
	“Don’t you remember me?” Wade shouted from his horse. “Maybe you remember my wife a little better.”
	Clint knew then that it was Wade. “Get off of my land,” he ordered.
	“I will as soon as you come out here and fight me like a man, you sorry bastard!”
	“I’ve got no fight with you, Haden,” he shouted stepping a little further out on his porch.
	“Well, I damned sure got one with you,” Wade said getting down from his horse. He quickly ran up on the porch with Clint knocking him backwards and down. He jumped on top of him and started beating him about the face and head. They were rolling around on the porch punching each other when Clint’s son came out with a .30.30 rifle and fired one shot into the air. The men suddenly stopped fighting looking at the boy. 
	“Get out of here,” the boy yelled at Wade and then took aim with the rifle.
	Wade nodded as he stood up. “Okay, boy, we’ll leave. You just put that rifle down before somebody gets killed.”
	The boy fired a shot at Wade that hit him in the leg. Wade fell down on the porch and although he was in pain, he quickly tried to get to his feet. 
	“Hey,” Arlo shouted frightened that he was going to kill his Dad. The boy turned and fired a shot at Arlo that missed. We’ll get out! We’ll get out,” Arlo shouted. “Just let me get my Daddy on his horse!”
	Clint walked up to the boy and quickly grabbed the rifle away from him. He backhanded the boy across the face almost knocking him down. “Get back in the house,” he screamed at the kid. The boy ran back into the house and Clint rushed over to Wade and hit him in the head with the butt end of the rifle. “I ought to kill you!”
	Arlo jumped down from his horse and ran toward Clint and Wade. Clint turned and fired a shot at him hitting him through the upper abdomen. Arlo fell to the ground bleeding profusely while Wade struggled to get to his feet. 
	“Don’t kill my boy,” Wade pleaded.
	“Get off my land or I’ll kill you both,” Clint screamed at him.
	Wade rushed over to Arlo as quickly as he could with his wounded leg and helped him to his feet. “Come on, boy, we gotta get you to a doctor!” He helped him on his horse, but Arlo was unable to sit up. However, he could sit on the horse with his upper body lying on the horse’s neck. After Arlo was mounted, he limped to his own horse and got on with Clint watching on with his rifle ready to fire.
	“Haden, I’ll kill you if I ever see you anywhere around here again,” he threatened as Wade took off leading Arlo’s horse. 
	
	Wade and Arlo made it to within a mile of town when Arlo suddenly fell off his horse. Wade dismounted quickly and rushed back to Arlo. “Come on, son,” he encouraged while turning Arlo over so he could see his face. It was then he noticed that his son was not breathing. Wade began to cry. “Arlo? Arlo? Oh, God, Arlo!”

	The funeral back at Tokeen was a simple one with most of the community gathered at the cemetery. Christine tried to be strong as she stood graveside holding onto a grieving Mary Anne. She watched as the men lowered Arlo’s coffin into the ground with ropes. Wade stood nearby with Oliver and Alfred. When the service was over, he used his crutch to limp over to Christine who had not spoken to him since the night of Arlo’s death. She looked away from him at first, but after a moment, she made eye contact. “Actin’ like a fool cost you our oldest son’s life and left your daughter-in-law a widow. Not to mention that you got yourself shot up as well, but you’ll live over that. I just wonder what in the world did you think you were doin’?”
	“Tryin’ to defend your honor and dignity,” he answered.
	Tears began to stream down her face. “I don’t have any of that left,” she said softly. “The years have taken those things away.”




Chapter 16 	

SEPTEMBER, 1930
	In the two years following Arlo’s death, Wade and Christine busied themselves working on the ranch and going about their daily chores. They were not surprised to hear that Clint Osborne was never even charged in Arlo’s death, the officials there said that he was merely defending his property from some trespassers. While he never said it to anyone, Wade always blamed himself for Arlo’s death. It was something that he had to learn to live with. He often reflected back on his life and had come to the conclusion that he was not a particularly a good man. He was an ingrate son that never showed his parents the respect that they deserved, he was a mediocre husband at best and although he still had Alfred and Oliver, he was convinced that he was a poor excuse for a father. The kind of man that got his boy killed and the two surviving sons involved in a moonshine operation. He promised himself that he would do better, but was sure that there wasn’t any room for improvement until he avenged his son’s death and he felt that was where he had to start.

	Wade rode his horse up in front of Henry’s store in the late afternoon and found Thurston sitting there strumming his guitar and singing a song.
	“Hello, Thurston,” Wade called out as he tied his horse. “Is Henry in there workin’?”
	Thurston stopped his song to answer. “I mean to say he is. You wouldn’t know that there was a depression goin’ on with all of the business that he’s done here today.”
	Wade walked past Thurston and up the steps to enter the store. He looked around the store and found Henry going over his books. “Thurston tells me that you’re doing all the business today,” he said walking up to Henry.
	He looked up from his paperwork. “I’m afraid that it’s all credit business with a promise to pay. Hell, nobody’s got any money and they won’t have until that son of a bitch Herbert Hoover is out of the White House.”
	“How’s that new Model A of your’s runnin’?” Wade asked.
	Henry knew that something unusual was going on because never since he had known Wade had he ever ask how a car was running. “Fine.”
	“I want you to take me on a little drive,” Wade told him getting to the point of his visit.
	“Where you wanna go?”
	“Hazeldale.”
	Henry looked surprised. “That’s over a hundred miles off, Wade. What do you wanna go down there for?”
	“My business is none of your business,” Wade said in fact. “I just want you to drive me down there and back.”
	Henry shook his head. “What crazy notion do you have in your head, Wade? Hell, I know what happened down there with Arlo, hell, everybody does!”
	Wade was impatient and certainly not in the mood to discuss the matter with Henry any further. “Are you gonna drive me down there or not?” He shook his finger at Henry to make a point. “Because, if you’re not gonna do this for me, I’m goin’ back to my place and tellin’ them sons of bitchin’ moonshiners to get off my property and that’ll hit you where it hurts, right in your pocket!”
	Henry sighed and took off his store apron knowing that Wade was a good friend and never really asked anything of him before.

	Wade drank whiskey with Thurston most of the way to Hazeldale and Henry was hoping that he would be too drunk to do whatever he was planning to do by the time that they got there. However, that was not the case; he seemed as sober as a judge. Henry had no idea of where they were as they drove through the country in the black of night and Wade suddenly told him to stop and park the Model A in a brushy, secluded area. He then got out of the Model A carrying a .30.30 rifle, a can of kerosene and a lantern. 	“Be back later,” he said and started walking off into the night.
	“That crazy bastard is gonna kill somebody,” Henry told Thurston as Wade disappeared into the darkness.
	“Wouldn’t you do the same thing if the man that killed your son got off scot free?”

	Wade was well hidden in the brush watching the Osborne home closely. It appeared that everyone in the house was asleep as well as they should be because it was in the wee hours of the morning. There were no signs of light anywhere and so he began walking toward the house. As he neared the house, he sat his rifle and lantern down and after taking some matches out of his pocket, he continued on with the can of kerosene. He poured the kerosene all around the back entrance of the house and then lit it with the matches. Flames quickly engulfed the back porch area of the house and Wade quickly ran back to where he left the lantern. After lighting it, he turned it up on high and smashed it into the side of the house. He then picked up his rifle and ran into the brush to wait and hide until the flames began consuming the house. He could hear the commotion of the Osborne family as they woke up to find their house was on fire. He could hear the yelling and screaming of the wife and children as a little girl bolted from the front door followed by her Mother. He held the rifle ready to fire when he saw the boy escape knowing that Clint would have to be next. Clint came out the door carrying his most prized possession even more important than his family, a bag full of money. Wade fired hitting him squarely in the chest killing him instantly as he fell in the front yard. He watched as the rest of the family rushed to his aide. Then he turned and walked off feeling no remorse for what he had just done.
	Wade returned to the Model A where Henry and Thurston were waiting. “It’s better that ya’ll don’t know a damned thing about what went on here tonight,” he told them as he got inside the car. “As a matter of fact, it’s better if ya’ll forget that this trip ever happened.”
	“It’ll always be just between you and us, Wade,” Thurston said as they began driving off down the road. “Ain’t that right, Henry?”
	“Nobody’s ever gonna hear it from me,” Henry said driving as fast as he could down the crooked dirt road.
	Wade sat there in silence for a few miles as they headed back to Tokeen. “What good is the law anyway when it protects a murderin’ son of a bitch just because he’s got money?”
	“That’s a damned good question, Wade,” Thurston said as he took a sip of whiskey to calm his nerves.
	“My boy Arlo didn’t ever do anything to anybody in his life. He was a good boy that grew up to be a good man and a good husband,” he said and sighed heavily. “I just had two years to think about what I done tonight and while I ain’t exactly proud of it, I do have the satisfaction of knowin’ that Clint Osborne, the man who shamed my wife and murdered my son, is a dead son of a bitch and his family ain’t got no house to live in.”



CHAPTER 17 

SAN ANGELO, TEXAS
1933
	Oliver was driving his Model A Ford on the outskirts of town near dusk on a Saturday night to deliver the moonshine loaded in the back of the car to the city‘s bootleggers. It had become a weekly trip for the young man, but it paid well. On the passenger side of the car was Alfred who was sitting there nervously smoking a cigarette. He hated this part of the business, they both did. 	
	“What the hell is the matter with you?” Oliver asked him as they drove along. “You’ve had ants in your pants ever since we left home. Maybe, you ain’t cut out for this line of work.”
	“Maybe, I ain’t,” Alfred commented.
	Oliver shook his head and noticed a police car following them about a hundred yards back in his rearview mirror. He turned on the first dirt road and then checked behind him to see if they were still following. They were. He drove faster and started looking for a road that might lead them back into the country.
	“What the hell are you drivin’ like a bat out of hell for?” Alfred asked concerned.
	“We gotta get back outta town,” Oliver answered as he shifted gears and drove even faster. “Damned cops are after us!”
	Alfred turned around to look behind them. “Shit, I knew that somethin’ like this was gonna happen sooner or later!”
	The Model A couldn’t take the high speed that Oliver wanted to go, it started knocking loudly, losing speed and finally just died. It rolled to a stop in the middle of the road while Oliver frantically tried to get it to start. The cops drove up behind them and got out with their pistols drawn. “Get out of the car,” one of them shouted. Oliver and Alfred shook their heads looking at each other and slowly got out knowing that it was all over. The cops handcuffed them and then searched the car where they found the moonshine.

	At the police station, the boys were handcuffed and standing in the booking room of the San Angelo jail. Waiting with them were the two cops that brought them in and the Police Chief. “Ain’t ya’ll gonna lock us up?” Oliver asked growing impatient and tired of standing around.
	“Not right now,” the Police Chief answered looking over at him. “Hell, we ain’t even gonna book you.”
	Oliver couldn‘t believe his ears. “You gonna let us go?” he asked with his hopes rising.
	The Police Chief shook his head no. “What we’re gonna do is turn you over to the U.S. Marshall and his deputies. They can do whatever the hell they want with you.”
	“I’ll bet that you didn’t know that you were committing a federal crime, did you?” one of the arresting officers asked.
	Alfred and Oliver shook their heads no. Suddenly, the door opened and in walked United States Marshall David Young followed by his two deputies, Simon and Thomas. The three men were all in their thirties and wearing suits. Young looked over at the Police Chief. “Are these the men?”
	“That’s them,” he answered.
	Young and deputies looked the two boys over. “How old are you, boy?” Young asked Alfred.
	“Fifteen.” he answered.
	Young looked over at Oliver and smiled. “You boys are a little young to be in the moonshine business, ain’t ‘cha?” He didn’t wait for an answer; he turned to the Police Chief. “If you will, have your boys unload the booze out of their car while me and the deputies take these boys for a little ride. We’re gonna talk about where we might find a still or two.”

	Alfred and Oliver were sitting in the back seat with their hands handcuffed behind their backs. Deputy Simon was riding in the back with them. Marshall Young was riding in the front seat with Deputy Thomas driving. It was in the middle of the night by then and they were out in the country a few miles from town, but the city lights could still be seen in the distance. Both boys were scared and wondering why in the world they would be driving around out here for. “Turn left up here,” Young told Thomas. “We’ll take ‘em down by the river.” He turned around to look at Oliver and Alfred. “You boys ever been to the Concho River?”
	The boys shook their heads no. Thomas drove the car up to the river’s edge almost. “Let’s get out, shall we?” Young said opening his door.
	Simon opened the door and the boys scooted out of the back seat. They followed him around the car to where Young and Thomas were waiting standing in the light of the headlights. “Do you boys know what a blackjack is?” 
	“A card game?” grinned Oliver.
	Young laughed as he pulled a blackjack out of his coat pocket and then suddenly hit Oliver in the side of the head with it knocking him down. “That’s a blackjack,” he shouted. “Do you want to play that game anymore?”
	“No,” Oliver said quickly laying on the ground with his hands handcuffed behind his back and his head hurting.
	“Now, I’m gonna make this short and sweet,” Young said raising his voice. “I wanna know where you boys got that moonshine and where that still is. Is that understood?”
	Oliver and Alfred didn’t say a word. “What’s the matter with you dumb bastards. Forget how to talk?” he asked while Oliver struggled to get to his feet.
	“I ain’t forgot, I just ain’t tellin’,” Oliver said defiantly.
	Young quickly hit him again with the blackjack knocking Oliver to his knees. “You’re a smart son of a bitch, ain’t ’cha?” he yelled at him. He looked over to his two deputies. “Hold that boy up, I wanna see his face while I teach him a thing or two,” he ordered them.
	Simon and Thomas grab Oliver by his elbows and pull him to his feet. Young looked over and patted Alfred on the shoulder. “You pay attention ‘cause you’re gonna be next,” he told him.
	“Please, Mister, don’t hurt my brother,” Alfred pleaded.
	Young whirled around and slapped him hard enough in the face to knock him down. “Don’t ever speak to me unless I tell you to! And don’t call me mister, I am a United States Marshall,” he shouted and then turned to Oliver. “I want some answers and I want ‘em right now!”
	Oliver just stood there with Thomas and Simon holding him by the arms. Young rushed over and punched him in the stomach. Still not satisfied, he stepped back and kicked him in the groin. “Where’s that still?” he shouted to Oliver who did not answer. 
	Alfred had seen enough and he couldn’t take it anymore. Although he was still handcuffed, he ran as hard as he could right into Young knocking him down. Simon and Thomas let go of Oliver to subdue Alfred. They started beating him while Young slowly got up and dusted off his suit. “There better not be any grass stains on this suit or I‘m gonna kill both of your asses and throw you in the river and tell God that you drowned,” he threatened. He then rushed over and slapped Alfred while the other two men held him. 
	“Let us go and I’ll tell you anything you want to know,” Alfred cried.
	“You’re gonna tell me whether or not I let you go, you dumb little bastard,” he yelled as he slapped Alfred again.
	Oliver had recovered enough from his kick in the balls to get to his feet and stand up. “If you’re gonna beat on somebody, beat on me,” he said defiantly. “He don’t know nuthin’ anyway.”
	Young turned to Oliver smiling. “Your request is granted.” He looked over to Thomas and Simon. “Come on, boys, we’ve got a hero over here.” The two deputies let go of Alfred, but Simon punched him in the face before he walked away. “Handcuff our hero to the bumper of the car and tear his shirt off.”
	The deputies do as they were told and handcuffed Oliver to the bumper of the car standing up. Young took off his belt and removed his pistol and holster from it. He handed the gun to Simon and then suddenly lashed Oliver across the back with the belt. “There! Did that feel good?” he shouted and then hit him again. “Here, have some more!”
	“You can beat me to death, but I ain’t gonna tell you what you want to know,” Oliver said wincing in pain. Young then starting whipping him repeatedly with the belt across the back so fast that it seemed that he was hysterical and had lost all control of his composure. Oliver fell to his knees, but Young showed no mercy, he kept on whipping him as if he were trying to beat him to death.
	Alfred sat there taking it all in and crying like a little boy who had just lost a puppy. “Stop beatin’ my brother,” he finally screamed as loud as he could. “I’ll tell you what you want to know!”
	Young stopped the beating and turned around out of breath. “Tell me and it better be good,” he puffed. “Or you’re gonna get what he’s been gettin’!”

	Christine was cooking breakfast and Wade was sitting at the kitchen table drinking his morning coffee when she looked out the window and saw several lawmen carrying rifles walking through the woods toward the house. “Wade, looks like there is trouble comin’,” she said calmly.
	Curious, Wade got up from the table and looked out kitchen window with her. “Oh, son of a bitch!”
	Young rushed up to the kitchen door and didn’t bother to knock before he kicked it open. He smiled when he saw a startled Christine and Wade standing there looking at him. “Hello, moonshiner, this is the day it all stops.” He looked at Christine with a wide grin on his face. “What’s the matter, Mama? Boys didn’t come home last night?” He lowered his gun when he heard some other deputies walk in behind him. “They didn’t come home because they were too busy tellin’ me about their old man’s operation out here in these hills,” he continued before stepping over to the cabinet and getting a cup. He poured himself a coffee and sat down at the table. He looked over at Christine and smiled. “That boy of your’s, Oliver, he sure does bleed easy,” he said shaking his head.
	Wade lunged forward and kicked Young as hard as he could. Young fell over backward in the chair and spilled the hot coffee all over himself as he hit the floor. Thomas and Simon rushed up behind Wade and whacked him over the head with the butts of their shotguns. Wade fell to the floor, but was conscious and slowly started to get up while Young scrambled to his feet.
	“Did you see that?” he shouted to his deputies standing there. “That man assaulted a United States Marshall. Arrest that son of a bitch!” Thomas and Simon quickly handcuffed Wade. “You’re goin’ to regret this,” Young threatened him before turning to Christine while they led Wade out of the house. “Your boys ought to be home sometime today. I had them held in San Angelo last night so they couldn’t come home and warn their old man. “If I were you, I’d keep ‘em here at home because I’m not gonna give them another chance.”
	Christine nodded and he turned and walked out the door leaving her alone. She looked out the window and watched as they led her husband away through the woods. Just down the road from the house was where they had parked their cars. 
	Simon and Thomas were about to load Wade in the car to haul him to jail when Young approached them. “I wanna know where them stills are,” he said to Wade.
	“What stills?” Wade asked innocently.
	“Don’t play games with me, you know damned well I mean your stills,” Young said raising his voice.
	“I can honestly say that I don’t own a still,” Wade told him.
	“Don’t give me that shit or I’ll beat hell out of you,” Young threatened.
	“Son, I may be pushin’ sixty years old, but if you’d take these handcuffs off of me, I’d show you that you can’t beat nuthin’ out of me,” Wade said.
	“Haden, I’m tryin’ to be a patient man here, so I’ll ask you once again, where are those stills?”
	“You find ’em if you want ’em so bad,” Wade said before they loaded him in the car to haul him to the county jail.

	The jailer walked down the hall where Wade’s cell was located pulling out his keys. “Come on, Haden, you’ve made bail,” he said unlocking the cell door. Wade stepped out of the cell and followed the jailer down the hall and then the stairs to the office where Henry was waiting.
	“Wade, I came as quick as I could,” Henry explained. “Did they feed you alright in here?”
	Wade nodded. “It wasn’t as good as Mama’s cookin’, but I survived,” he answered as he watched the jailer hand back his personal belongings.
	Later, on the drive home, Henry was driving while Thurston, as always was in the front seat with him. Henry glanced back in the back seat at Wade wanting to give him an update on what had happened since he was in jail. “That marshal and his boys only found one still, Wade. I want to thank you for not tellin’ them anything.”
	“Think nuthin’ of it, but I think now is as good a time as any to get out of the business.”
	“You want out, Wade?” Thurston asked.
	“Hell, I’m already out. 
	Henry didn’t want to lose him as a business partner. “Wade, I know the federal judge personally and I can guarantee that you’ll never spend another day in jail over this. In fact, I’m pretty sure that we can get all of the charges dropped.”
	“That’s mighty nice of you, Henry, but I meant what I said. I’m ready to get out. I can make it on my own without this kind of business. How’s my two boys doin’?”
	“Oh, they’re fine,” Thurston answered. “Oliver’s a little beat up, but he’ll be as good as new in a few days.”
	“He’s damned lucky if you ask me. That Marshall Young is a crazy son of a bitch,” Wade told them.
	“Are you sure you want out, Wade” Thurston asked again.
	“You dat blame right I do,” he answered.
































Chapter 18

Spring, 1939
	Wade was busily plowing the field using his two favorite mules to pull his hand held plow. It seemed unusually hot for the early afternoon and he was breathing heavily. He stopped the mules and wiped the sweat from his brow with the sleeve of his shirt. He felt a little nauseous and blamed it all on Christine’s lunch. “Damn girls, it’s hot out here,” he said to the mules and looked over to the edge of the field where a large oak tree stood. “Let’s go over to that shade and cool off a little bit.”
	He unhooked the mules from the plow and walked them over to the tree where he had to vomit before he tied them. “You girls just stand here and eat a few leaves,” he told them weakly. “I’m gonna go over here and lay down a minute. I think I must be comin’ down with something.” He walked over to a clear spot and laid down there to take a little nap. Still sweating and breathing heavy, he closed his eyes to go to sleep.

	Christine was sitting on the porch sewing underwear made from flour sacks. She heard a car coming and saw the boys driving up in the Model A Ford. “Where have ya’ll been?” she asked as they got out and started walking to the house.
	“Over at Henry’s fixin’ fence just like Pa told us to do,” Alfred explained.
	“Speakin’ of your Daddy, ya’ll need to go check on him. He’s been gone for quite awhile,” she suggested.	 	Without argument, Oliver and Alfred walked out to the field where Wade was supposed to be plowing, but they didn’t see him anywhere. It was then Alfred saw the mules under the shade tree and he elbowed Oliver and pointed. 
	“Hey, old man, are you gonna sleep all day?” Oliver asked as they walked under the shade of the tree.
	“Nap time is over,” Alfred laughed. “Ma’s gonna have supper ready here in a little bit.
	They stopped joking around when Wade did not respond. Oliver walked on over to him and knelt down to shake him. He still did not respond. Oliver was scared when he looked up at his brother. “He’s dead!”

	Friends from all over the community came to pay their last respects to Wade. Henry gave the eulogy and Thurston brought along his old guitar and sang a couple of hymns that he thought Wade would like. 
	When it was over, Christine sat on the porch still wearing her Sunday best along with her sons. They were all that she had left now since Martha had died a couple of years before. 
	Although she would get so mad at him she could have wrung his neck several times over their years together, she knew that life was going to be very lonely without him. He was by far the most important person in her life and she could not imagine life without him. “Sometimes, I wonder what life would have been like if me and Wade would have stayed in Arizona,” she said to her sons with a slight chuckle. “Everybody thought that me and him were crazy for even goin’ out there, but lookin’ back, I can see that it was the happiest times in our lives. Just me and him in that danged old wagon and all them wide open spaces. He called our trip out there a honeymoon. We were newly weds and didn’t have a care in the world. I think Jeff could have stayed out there forever. It was me that wanted to come back to Texas.”
	“But Pa loved it here at Tokeen Hills, Ma,” Alfred said.
	“I know he did and that was the thing about Wade, he was pretty much happy no matter where he was,” her voice cracked and the boys thought she was going to cry. “I think it took the life right out of him when Arlo got killed.”
	“That was hard on all of us, Ma,” Oliver told her.
	“I know it was,” she agreed. “But it was especially hard on Wade. Our lives together never was the same again and I blame myself for that.”

	Oliver and Alfred were a few miles from home helping John and Choc Parker dig a water well on a sunny and hot afternoon while their Father, Eldon, sat in a shady spot watching them. It was miserable work, but Alfred decided to make the best of it by teasing the two uneducated brothers. “It’s so danged hot here, I think I’ll go somewhere and drink me a beer when we get finished,” he told them as they continued to dig in the hard, dry ground. 
	“Me too,” Oliver said playing along.
	“Where would ya’ll go?” Choc asked. “We might decide to come with ya’ll.”
	“I was thinkin’ that we might go over to Hawaii,” Alfred grinned.
	“That’s funny because that was what I was thinkin’ of,” John, the younger brother smiled. “Ya’ll could take your car and we’ll ride on over on our horses,” he suggested.
	“That’s kind of a far piece to ride, ain’t it?” Alfred asked knowing that he had them going for sure now.
	“Naw, it ain’t that far,” Choc answered. “Me and John went over there a couple of months ago.”
	“Didn’t ya’ll get wet?” Alfred asked smiling.
	Chock looked as if he were thinking hard about something. “Naw, it didn’t rain that day.” He then turned to his brother, “Did it?”
	“Not that I recall,” John answered.
	Alfred laughed. “I’m talkin’ about when ya’ll crossed that ocean to get there!”
	“Ocean?” Choc questioned.
	“Hell, yes,” Alfred laughed at them. “Didn’t ya’ll know that there’s a damned ocean between here and Hawaii?”
	Choc looked at Alfred as though he thought he was lying. “No, I don’t guess I did.”
	Eldon Parker had heard enough. He didn’t know that there was an ocean between Texas and Hawaii either, but he was smart enough to figure out that Alfred was just making fun of his boys. “If ya’ll worked as much as you talk, you’d have that well dug by now.”
	Oliver stood up straight and wiped the sweat from his eyes. The well that he was digging on was about shoulder deep to him. He saw Pauline, Choc and John’s sister, coming carrying a jug of water and knew that it was time for a water break.
	“You boys want a drink?” Pauline asked as she walked up to the well.
	“You danged right we do,” Oliver smiled as she filled a cup and handed it to him. He gulped it down and handed the cup back to her smiling. “This water sure does taste good when its served by someone as pretty as you.”
	“You can flatter me all you want to, but you ain’t gonna get another drink until that boy and my brothers get some first,” she told him as she handed the cup to Alfred. Oliver sat there on the edge of the well smiling as he watched the others drink, but she didn’t offer him another drink when they all finished. She simply turned and started walking back toward the house. 
	“Hey, are you gonna bring us another drink later?” he called out after her. She didn’t answer, she just kept walking. 
	“You’re wastin’ your time with her,” her brother John told Oliver. “She’s hated men ever since her husband ran off and left her with a baby.”
	“You boys shut up and get to work,” Eldon shouted from his shade tree.

	Not one to give up easy on a good-looking woman, Oliver persisted with his flirting with Pauline while digging the well until she finally gave in and went out with him. One date led to another until he realized that they had been going out together for a month. “You know, we’ve been seein’ a lot of each other and I was wonderin’ if you had given any thought on the idea of marryin’ me,” he said wearing his best and only suit as they were parked on a country road after dark.
	“I told you when we first started going out that I wasn’t interested in no man,” she told him. “And I still haven’t changed my mind one bit.”
	Oliver shook his head, but remained optimistic. “I think that’s too bad because you don’t know what you’re missin’ with a guy like me.”
	“Yes, I do,” Pauline quickly retorted. “I’m missin’ goin’ over to your family’s ranch and workin’ like a dog for the rest of my life.”
	“What else have you got to do?” Oliver asked a little bit nettled. “It ain’t like your family is exactly prosperous. Do you think they’re gonna take care of you for the rest of your life? Hell, your brothers don’t even know that there’s an ocean between here and Hawaii!”
	“And I suppose that if I married you everything would turn out fine?” she was quick to ask.
	“Well, it might not be fine all the time, but it would be better than it is right now.”
	“Are you willin’ to take my son in?”
	Oliver nodded. “I’m willin’ to do whatever it takes to get you to marry me.”

	Christine was in the kitchen cooking eggs and bacon for her two sons who were sitting at the table drinking coffee. “It’s got to be somethin’ in the air or maybe, it’s a race between you two, but both of you come and tell me that you’re gonna get married at the same time? It bumfuzzles me.” She turned around and shook her spatula at the both of them. “I hope this ain’t gonna be a decision that you’re both gonna regret!” She continued with her cooking. “Where we all gonna sleep in this little bitty house? We only got two bedrooms and one of ‘em is mine.”
	“Me and Oliver can build on another room,” Alfred told her.
	She fixed their plates at the stove and then carried them to the table where she sat down with her boys looking the both of them over. “Now, Alfred picked a cute little girl to be his wife,” she said to Oliver. “But you, you picked a woman that’s already got a child. That’s a lot of responsibility for somebody that ain’t ever had none.”
	“You always said that I should act my age, Ma, and that I should grow up,” he replied reminding her of her past lectures.
	“Yes, but marryin’ a ready made family wadn’t what I was talkin’ about,” she said. “I wonder what your Daddy would think of all of this?”
	Oliver looked up smiling. “He probably wouldn’t say much if he could see how danged pretty she is.”
	Christine thought for a moment, shook her head and laughed. “Okay, boys, go ahead and marry your girls and bring ‘em on home here to live. I might as well enter my golden years in a house full of girls with their young ones than sit here and grow old all by myself.”

Chapter 19

MAY, 1942
	A black 1940 Chevrolet slowly drove down the road where Oliver and Alfred were mending fence and after a few feet, it stopped and backed up. Two men wearing suits were inside the car as the driver rolled his window down to talk to them. “We’re looking for the Haden boys,” he told the brothers.
	“You found ‘em,” Alfred said looking the men over as they got out of the car.
	“We’re from the Selective Service,” the driver said. “Ever hear of it?”
	Oliver and Alfred both shook their heads no.
	“Maybe, you boys should get out of these hills a little more often and learn what’s going on in the world,” the man that was riding on the passenger side smiled.
	Oliver wasn’t sure if the man was just trying to be friendly or not. “Maybe, we don’t give a damned about what’s goin’ on in the outside world.”
	The man that was driving reached in his pocket and pulled out a pack of cigarettes. He lit one and took a long drag off of it before exhaling. “As I said, we’re from the Selective Service and the Selective Service Act of 1917 requires all young men from the ages of twenty-one to thirty to register with our office for possible induction into the Armed Forces of our country.”
	“You boys do know that there’s a war going on these days?” asked the other man.
	“We’ve heard that but we don’t figure that it’s any of our business,” Oliver told them.
	Well, that’s where you’re wrong,” the driver was quick to point out. “You see, it’s a federal offense to deliberately avoid signing up with our office. You could be arrested and have to stand trial for treason.” He pitched his cigarette down on the ground and crushed it with his foot. “I think you boys need to get in the car and we’ll go take care of this little matter.”

	Oliver was drafted in less than three months after he signed up that day. He was selected to be a paratrooper and was assigned to North Carolina for training. 
	“Are you okay, Ma?” Alfred’s question pulled Christine from her thoughts as she was sitting in her rocking chair on the porch. 
	“I’m fine. I’m just sittin’ here thinking about Oliver jumping out of airplanes.” She shook her head with a smile on her face. “A few years ago, nobody would’ve thought of such a thing. A few years before that, there wasn’t even such a thing as an airplane.”

	The army was certainly a new world for Oliver who had only known life on the Tokeen Hills Ranch. It took some time for him to get used to army life. He had never seen an airplane before, much less flew in one, but what really didn’t make any sense to him was to jump out of it on his first parachute jump. In fact, he was so against it, he had to be pushed out by two other men. That experience made him sick for certain, but it seemed to be over quickly and every jump after that seemed easier.
	The long ride over the Pacific Ocean on a ship was another first and unlike jumping out of an airplane, it seemed to take forever, but forever didn’t last long enough, he thought, when they reached the Gilbert Islands. Then it was on to the Solomon Islands and then to New Guinea before going to the Philippines for the Battle of Manila. In the final push, they went on to Luzon and finally, Japan.
	Seeing fellow Americans killed as well as countless hundreds of innocent civilians dead would change Oliver forever although he had no mercy on the Japanese soldiers. He thought that the Japs were the cruelest people on the face of the earth including Hitler and his Nazis. In the Battle of Manila alone, there were over one hundred thousand civilians killed. 
	
	The platoon Oliver was with was walking through the jungle in Luzon when four Jap snipers, hidden in the trees, opened fire on them. Three Americans fell dead before the rest of the men could spot the snipers and open fire. When their bloody, twisted bodies hit the ground, Oliver walked up to them and opened fire again just to make certain that they were dead. The platoon marched on and had not gone too far when they began hearing the distant sounds weeping and wailing. They followed the sounds through the jungle and came upon a village where the people were crying and causing a commotion because the Japs had been there overnight and murdered several of the villagers. Seven had been shot, three had been beheaded and two women had been raped with bamboo stakes sticking out of their vaginas. Most of the survivors were gathered around a large tree near the center of the village, some were weeping, others just staring at the gruesome sight. The Japs had captured the village chief, his wife and children. They had bound them by tying their hands behind their backs and then around their ankles. They were then hung in the tree where they had been disemboweled by cutting them just below the sternum down to just above the groin area. Their entrails were still hanging from their abdominal cavities to the ground. The platoon marched on in search of the men responsible for this horrible act. It made no difference to Oliver if they were responsible or not, if he saw a Jap, he was going to shoot him.



















Chapter 20

	Oliver was getting off the train in a small town near Tokeen. The conductor smiled and patted him on the back as he walked by. “Are you sure you wanna get off here?”
	“I danged sure do,” Oliver grinned.
	“How far is this from your home?” 
	“About fifteen miles.”
	“Well, maybe somebody will give you a ride.”
	“Heck, I don’t need no ride,” he told the conductor. “I can walk this in my sleep!”
	There was still a lot of spring in Oliver’s steps as he walked up to his house. He wanted to jump for joy when he saw Christine sitting there in her rocking chair on the porch. He gave her a big wave and broke into a run. She smiled and started to get up, the arthritis in her legs had her movements somewhat limited, but she was able to get down the porch steps and walk out to meet her son. They hugged each other and cried tears of joy as they embraced.
	“I was afraid that I was never gonna see you again,” she sobbed holding on to her son.	
	“I was afraid of that too,” he cried, “but I’m back now.”

	Alfred and Oliver were carrying their rifles as they walked through the hills with their hunting dogs. “The past three years have been hard on everybody around here,” Alfred informed him. “Hell, even Henry went out of business and they closed down the school. There ain’t nothin’ in Tokeen anymore.” He shook his head dreading what he had to say next. “We’re down to six cows and two horses. Pa would just have a fit if he knew.”
	“Well, don’t worry, we’ll get it all fixed up again,” Oliver said trying to sound encouraging. 
	Alfred stopped walking and looked at his brother. He sighed deeply and shook his head. “Looks like you have to do it by yourself. That son of a bitch from the draft board came over here a few days ago. He said my number had come up and as soon as you came home and they got the paperwork done, I’d be goin’ into the army.”
	Oliver looked off into the distance thinking for a moment. “I guess there ain’t nothin’ to do but go ahead and go and get it over with so the sons of bitches will leave us alone. I’ll take care of things around here until you get back.”

	Oliver was dreaming that he was back in the jungle with his platoon and as they are walking along, they are taking turns kicking the severed head of a Jap soldier along the trail like a soccer ball. Each man would take a turn kicking the head further down the trail for the next man to kick. The thump, thump, thump sounds of the men kicking the head makes Oliver open his eyes, but he did not see his platoon, he saw the local doctor checking him over in the bedroom.
	“How long have you known that you’ve got malaria?” the doctor asked him when he was sure that he was awake.
	“I don’t know that I’ve got anything,” Oliver answered weakly.
	“You mean this is your first attack? This is the first time that you’ve been sick?”
	“No, it’s happened before,” he explained. “I usually get the fever and the chills and sometimes, I pass out for awhile.”
	“There’s no cure for it, you know, however, I can give you some pills to take when you feel the symptoms coming on.”
	“I don’t want no damned pills; I’ll get over it sooner or later.”
	“That’s where you’re wrong, son. You’ll never get over it,” he said as he closed his little black bag.
	Too tired to argue about it, Oliver closed his eyes and went back to sleep.
	
1952
	It was night when Pauline came into the bedroom carrying the baby. She laid him down on the bed with Oliver and then lay down to nurse him. “You know, you’ve got two sons now and I think it’s time that you went to work somewhere and supported this family,” she began nagging as soon as the baby started to suck. “My brothers went to work for an oil drilling company and I was wondering why you and Alfred can’t do the same thing.”
	“We’ve got Tokeen Hills to take care of,” Oliver used his only excuse.
	“We barely get by,” Pauline said raising her voice and not caring who else in the house could hear her. “Don’t you want to make something out of yourself or do you want to hunt rabbits and squirrels for meat for the rest of your life?” She stopped and composed herself. “My brothers both have jobs and work.”
	“Your brothers don’t have sense enough to pour piss out of a boot,” Oliver defended. “Now look, my Daddy bought this place years ago for his family to live and work on and by God, that’s just what I’m gonna do! This is my land and nobody is gonna take it away from me. I know that you don’t understand that because nobody in your family has ever had the gumption to own anything and wouldn’t know what to do with it if they did.”
	They suddenly heard footsteps running through the house and Alfred charged into their bedroom. “We gotta get Mama to the doctor!”
	After leaving the wives and children behind, Alfred was driving as fast as he could to get Christine, who was sitting in the back seat with Oliver, to the doctor. She was very weak, but very calm as he held her tightly. “Yes, Wade, I hear you,” she said barely audible over the vehicle noise. 
	Oliver lovingly looked at her. “It’s me, Ma. Me and Alfred are takin’ you to the doctor.
	“I can see Wade standin’ right over there,” she said weakly. “He’s tellin’ me not to be scared.” She slowly moved her head to look at Oliver. “Don’t you see him standin’ there?”
	“Ma, Daddy’s been dead now for over thirteen years. You know that.”
	“I know, but I see him standin’ there plain as day,” she said with a little smile on her face. “That Wade, he always loved me and you kids.”
	They rode on in silence for a moment and when Oliver looked back over at her, he knew that she was dead. He hugged her and started crying. “Oh, Mama, don’t leave me!”


1954

	Oliver was eating breakfast with his two young sons and after Pauline had fixed her plate, she sat down at the table with them. “I had the best dream last night,” she smiled. “I dreamed I saw this angel and told me not to worry about our money problems anymore.”
	Oliver was not impressed. “Oh, you’re always dreamin’ somethin’ silly.”
	“Well, this wasn’t silly,” she snapped suddenly angry with her husband for not hearing her dream out. “This angel took me to a place up in the pasture and showed me a place where we would have an oil well.”
	Oliver had heard enough. He got up from the table and got his hat. He walked outside to meet Alfred and they went to the field to start work for the day. After working a couple of hours, they saw a pickup truck coming down the road to meet them. “I wonder who this is?” Alfred asked.
	“I don’t know,” Oliver answered. “It’s probably bad news whoever it is.”
	They stood there watching the truck as it drove right up to them and stopped. A man got out smiling and walked over to them with his hand extended to shake hands. “Hello, boys, I’m Willie Underwood,” he introduced himself. “Are ya’ll Alfred and Oliver Haden?”
	They glanced at each other before nodding their heads yes.
	“Then ya’ll are just the men I’m lookin’ for,” he smiled. “I work for Banquet Oil Company and we wanna drill some oil wells here on your place.”
	Oliver and Alfred looked at each other smiling and then back to Willie. “That’ll be just fine with us,” Alfred told him
	Oliver nodded his approval and thought back to the dream that Pauline was telling him about that morning at breakfast. He would never doubt one of her dreams again.

	Tokeen Hills was a ranch that was built on dreams. Back when he was in Tennessee, Wade dreamed of going back to Texas, marrying Christine and building a ranch. It took years of hard work and cost some people their lives, but his stubbornness and determination paid off in the end. Oliver often wished that Wade could have seen the oilfield that was built there in the early 1950s because that afforded them the money to buy herds of livestock and farm equipment and make good livings.
	Like their parents before them, Oliver and Alfred raised their families there too. There were good times and there were hard times, but the Hagen family has always persevered. Now, the ranch has been divided and subdivided into mere acres in plots, but there is still always room for the descendents of Wade and Christine Hagen to call Tokeen Hills their home if they have a dream.


	
	 
	
